A GREAT WRONi; OR, THE MYSTERY OF BLACE HOLLOW GRANGE. \--+*-*+-- CHAPTER XXII.--(Coaresa.) Threading a dack street,iith the sp wind in his teeth, and his heart torn with bitter memories, a woman's cry for help startled him. He dashed forward, following the di rection of the sound, and a few blocks off in the shadow of a projecting roof, Ihe caught sight of a woman struggling in the hands of a tramp. " You villain " thundered Sir Harry, making a dive at his tlrroat, but tihe ~trampeliided iris grasp and iled, leaving his victim panting and faint with terror. She-wasiatalrii mnwroman, in a flowing mantle of black. "I hope, madam, that I was in time to save you from injury ?" The woman turnedl her white, affrighlted face toward him, and put forth a slender hand. "I ! thank you sir," she-beganbut-his cry of amazement cut her short. " IMerdciful heavens !" he gasped, catch ing at her arm, "am I in a dream, or do the dead come back 1" ' Sir Harry Tresham I" His name broke from her lips in a tone of startled regret, and wrenching her arm from his bold she was hurrying away. But'ere she had retreated ten paces he caught her again and held her fast. She turned on him, her blue eyes blazing. " Sir Hhrry Tresham, how dare you I Unhand me this instant." He only held her all the more securely. "MIisa Trovethonl I It is you, and alive 1 Thank Heaven I" His voice broke ahnlost into sobs, so great was his emotion. Lenoro stood passive, a smile lighting her pale face. ",Yes, Sir Harry. I see there is no hope of running away from you," she answered. "But what does It meanrl "' he de manded; "for Hleaven's sake, speak. Miss Trovethon, only yesterday I saw you buried, and to-night I meet you here." Her blue eyes flashed with a sort of grim amusement. "Can you not guess, Sir Harry 1 I am not a ghost, hence you did not see me buried yesterday." He caught her hand and kissed it in his rapturous delight. "You are alive I there is soae mistake. Oh, MIiss Trovethon, this is the happiest day of my life." She laid her slim, soft hand on his arm, looking up at him with her grave, plead Sing eyes. "Yes, there is a mistake-a great secret, Sir Harry which you have found out, and I amn sorry. I nieant to keep the truth all to myself, but since we have met, you will keep, of course, the secret at my a.king ?" "Assuredly. I think there is nothing you could ask of me that I would deny, Miss Trevethon. But, I beg your par pardon, I do not quite understand." " Let us walk on together, and I will explain. I am stopping not far off, and being somewhat of a stranger in London, I lost my way in thIe fog this evening, which accounts for my being out so late. Sir Harry, I am very grateful to you." He shook from head to foot with ex citement and emotion as he gave her his arm. " For what, Miss Trvcrethn ? Because you have made me tile hIappiest man in England I Half an hour ago I believed you dead and buried under the dreary marbles at Lyndith Hall, and to me life was not worth the living. N Lw, look upon your living face, and---" Thie little trembling hand left his arm, the sad eyes filled with tears. "Sir Harry. pray do not speak in that way," shre implored. " If you do I must run away from you this minutle, and I amn so miserable, so utterly alone, so sorely in need of a friend. Help me and keep my secret." The rapturous glow faded from his eyes, for something in the look of hIers told him that the hope he cherished was a vtoin~on . He answered her like the man he was. " You shall have no need to ran away from me, Miss Trevethon. And now tell me what your secret is." "You have surely guessed. I live, and I am not Richard Trevethon's wife." "Misa Trevethon ! Then there must have been vile falsehood and treachery. Can Sir Geoffrey have perpetrated this great duplicity in order to secure and hold your fortune 1" She bowed in assent. " And yeou have suffered the world to believe it? Miss Trerie'thon, I cannot understand." " No matter ; you understand enough. I wish the world to believe it." He turned upon her in dire amaze. " You wish the world to believe it; eou intend to let this shameful plot suc :oeed. Is that what you mean, Miss revethon 1" " Precisely that, Sir Harry." " And you will let Sir Geoffrey Tresve ithon lie to the world, and cheat it with a, mock funeral, in order to hold your' wealth ? You are willing to give upyour name and your birthright, Miss Treves. thon 1" "Yes, I intend to do all that." Her voice was steady, and the hand on his arm lay quiet and pulseless. The Foung man looked at her in sheer imaze ment. "Miss Trevethon, what can you mean." "-Jost-this,- Sir Harry- I-cold--noat obey my father's last cotmmand and wish indiimry -tichmond Trevethii~, and thereby secure to him the fortune which should be his; and since they have p!anned rand ltte? this-immenose-fraud, I have no wish to expose it. I mean that they shall have it all their own way. They andi the world believe me dead1, and to them dead henceforth I will ro main; then tile fortune will be theirs, and in part, at least, my father's wish will be observed." " Give up your name, Mliss Trevethon -your fortune, everything ! By Heaven, it shall not be Before this time to morrow all London shall ring with the story, and Sir Geoffrey Trevethon shall be dealt with according to his deserts." r" ray, Sir Harry; the secret is mine, and at my asking you will surely keep it ? Oh, pray, do not deny me the sole kind ness I have ever asked of you I Help me in this my hour of sore trial. Keep my sreit-Si Harry, and be my- friendf." " Always your friend, Hiss Trevethon," he answered, utterly unmanned by her entreating manner, " but this gross fraud and iniustice should be exposed." "'I do not desire It. For my sake, Sir Harry, you will be silent ?" "For your sake, Miss Trevethlon, 1 would willingly do even more than that. But is the world to lose you utterly ?" "The world can well do without me," abshe answered, with a mournful smile; it will scarcely miss me. I shall leave England in a few days, rnever to return IHe caught her fonhd d d 'hI it close, hieys ys buning down it.. ?,. "Mliss Trevethln, it shall he as woII say; I will keep your secret. Y.i sall ti die to the world if you will. but live for me. When you leave Eonland, let it be s my dear wife. I asked you once he rore, and you denied me. I ask you again. Have pity on a love, Lenorc, I which never swerves, never forgets, I whether you live or die. Give up youlr heritage; I have another for you. Re. linquish your name and take mine. \We t will leave England together, and in some far land, with every wish of your heart I ttfitWed,-eoe-uhail-?arri to love irne Lenore, you must love me when once you are ny wife. Have no fears, hesitate no longer, but lay your dear hand in mine and say it shall he so." She looked at him with briminl eyes. " From my very soul, I wish I could Sir Ilarry." "You can, Lenore." " Nay, forgive me, I cannot." " And why I" K siduden crimson slained her white face ;her head drooped, her clear eyes fell. "Miss Trevethon, I am answered.' said the young man, gravely. "You love another." She was silent, burning blushes still mantling her cheeks. He walked beside her, silent also, until they reached the door-of-thelodging-house - - " Miss Trevethon," he .aid then "you will at least permit me to bc your friend. Indeed. I think you asked that much of me. Now tell me what I can do ? If you cannot love me, surely you will allow me to do some little kindness for you "' "Yes; you shall keep my secret.' " Is there nothing else 1" She hesitated, and said with some con lusion : "There is but one thing. Come in *nd I will tell you." He followed her into the plain little sitting-room she occupied. "You will think me very childish, very silly, no doubt," she began the moment they were seated, "but I cannot help it. I should have been out of England long ago but for this feeling os fancy, or whatever it is that possesses me. Sir Harry, you remember our summes trip to the Highlands ?" " I do, assuredly." " Well, while there, the day that you and Sir Geoffrey were deer-stalking, 1 ran off and went to the Black Hollow Grange.' "To the Haunted Manor?" "To the Haunted Manor. I had a mind to ask you to go with me, and I wish I had done so. I went alone, en. tered tihe old house alone, and there, Sir Harry, I saw the ghost. Don't laugh at me, pray, and don't say that I was mis taken. I saw it just as plain as I see you this minute." "And what manner of thing was it, Miss Trevethon 1" "An old man. I saw-his face clearly; a fine, pale face, with a long white beard, just like the Treveithon potraits-abiLyn dith Hall----" "Did you speak to it ?" " No; I'm ashamed to tell you what I did. I got frightened and fainted, and afterward ran away, and I have so bit terly regretted it." " My dear Miss Trevethon, why ? You surely do not believe in the popular legend that peoples the old house with ghosts? The old man you saw was a rambler of some sort." She shook her head with sad, sobar eyes. "Nay, I think not, the face was a peculiar one. You've heard the old story, Sir Harry- the mystery of my poor father's fate ?" "I have, Miss Trevethon." " Well, all my life long I have felt somehow that the clue was in that old manor; and ntow, ever since I saw that face, oh, Sir Harry, I cannot rest day or might. - It haunts me incessantly, until now I think that it was my poor father's face. and that he has beoe shut up in that ola tnouse all these years. " hMy dear Miss Trevethon, that could not he." " The notion haunts me all thlte same I must know; I must solve the mystery, or 1 shall go mad. I have thought to gc again, I was to go last week, yesterday, to-day, but somehow my resolution always fails me-the old place is so deso late ands--"~ _ She paused, a painful crimson flooding all her drooping face. The young n al regarded her curiously. "You would like me to go in you: stead, Miss Treovethon, and investigata this mystery 9" She looked up with eloquent oyes. " Oh, Sir Harry, if you would." "I'll start m the next train, and It there's a mystery in the old house, I1 unravel it. And now, as I've a few hur ried preparations to make, I must bidyor good-evening. On my return I shall fin you here ?" "You will find me here. Sir Harry how shall I thank you I" " I'll tell you when I get back. Good bye, Miss Trevethon." He pressed her hand, bowed, and wa gone. "Such a noble heart," sighed Lenore as she watched him down the raim street; "and I, what a miserable, un womanly fool I am." And sinking down upon a sofa she his her proud face in her hands and wept is shame and biterness. I- - A -.ER T il OHAPTER XXIII. mr SEoRET PSOAGs. "[t-will go hard with me if I fail to find some loop-hole," he had said; but search snd grope as he might, no loop-hole could ho found. \- And at last,after tumbling and falling, end bruising his hands against the thioek .alls, he had given over, and sat down in utter despair. The walls were solid, and ehere was no sicn of door or window, the poy eg~ rss being ~he closed trap door far bove. How many days and nights had gone y he could not tell-an eternity it oseemed. He was growing alarmingly weak from hunger, and a fierce pain, produced by the dampness, racked hia body. There was but one hope for him, the hope of death; and the sooner it came .und released him from his agony, the letter. And yet it was hard to die thus, in the very prims of his manhood; to lie there and starve and rot in the darkness, and the world never know aught of his fate ! He bowed his burning temples on his clasped hands, and a great sob of pain nd despair shook him. She would live, -l-on.ly-wome n he adored- aled-mi -jmi aer ineffable loveliness, andgire her sweet ,lve Kisses to some happy lover, while he should lie there unlamented, and perhaps .nllremembered. The thought was very bitter. His bowed head fell lower,oand sob after sob shook the strongman until hoetrombled like a reed. "Heaven have mercy on me," he groaned aloud, "and if I am to drink this bitter cup, let me drain it quickly !"I Something like the sound of a human voice answered him-a strange, hollow sound that seemed to issue from the solid Iloor Ileneath him. Aimbroseo started to his feet, the per ,.0mtion breaking out upon him in cold e'rpa, his eyes glaring into the thick, lack o loom.. " Wllat war that ?" he demanded. The hollow sound was repeated, and after it camne a succession of taps. Tile young man stood and listened, the im penetrable darkness all about him. " Wyhat's that 1" he again demanded, the fremor of a great horror running through his voice. The rapping grew louder, a rasping sort of crash followed, and then some asbtt! isn:cinct warned--.Ambrose- thalwth- - was no longer alone! Some living creature was near him. Never till his dying day did the young man forget the sensations of that moment. A horror that was unutt.rmeble fell upon him,and the very hair on his head seemed to rise. What presence was itthathefelt so near him 1 By a great effort he con ,oneded his voice. aIn Heaven's name, what are you ?" he rske?. A soft s!ep struck the damp floor. \- 'an are there, are-)youl"xaowered-ra-. sleanant volce; " and in ltter darkneas. :oo I Why, where's your lantern ? Put sut by the foul air, though, of course. Whow! what a stenchl, and dark as grebuse One might as well step'into a rave I You've found the time tedious. o ,doubt, Ond I couldntget-h.ere one- ninute sooner." " In Heaven's name, who are yount" egain demanded Ambrose. " Who am I ? Well, King Lear, at your service, as I told you once before. I've not forgotten you, Mr. Gerhart; I knew you in an instant. Your face is a very striking one. I saw you when you went down, and I should have stopped you, but I was curious to see what you were after. I didn't think a soul but icy self knew of that secret passage from'the death-room. How came you by your knowledge, and what took you down here 1" "No matter now," exclaimed Ambrose. " If you are a human creature like my self help me, I beg,to get out of this hor rible pit." A peal of mirthful laughter filled the vault with weird echoes. "A human creature? Indeed I am. Did you take me for a ghost ? I'll wager my head you did now. Ha, ha, ha! A fne joke that. No, young man, I'm not a ghost as yet; I'm good for a dozen years to come, if I don't lose my breath before we're out of this. Oome, now, give me you hand; it is time we were moving." The touch of human-finger thrilled - ever nerve in Ambrose Gerhart's body with delight. "Heaven bless you, you are human l" he cried, clasping and holding the hand that had sought his in the darkness, "and you have come to set me free." "Precisely, sir. And you may thank your stars that I happened to see you, for no ot~h7rmanil~ve, I take it, knows the secret of the underground entrance. Come, ino ihere we are I Softly, softly, - step by stop. We are going down, you see. We shall get a firm footing pre sently. If we only had a light" Ambrose permitted himself to be led on to a sort of aperture in the floor, from which a few steps led downward to some subterranean chamber even darker and closer than the one they had left. "Here we are," said his companion, a. their feet touched the ground. "Now all you have to do is to follow me. The tunnel is straight and safe, but it is very tedious. You'll fancy yourself nearing the neighborhood of London before you emerge into the daylight. Once out of this scrape I'd advise you to keep out, for you have had a narrow escape. If the question is fair, young man, what did bring you down here 1" " The question is fair enough. Icame down in search of the Myetery of the Black Hollow Grang,--and-I-fouund,-it. too." King Lear wheeled round and faced him in thie narrow way. " What do you mean?" he demanded; " What have you discovered 1" "Lead on," answered Ambrose, feel. ing for the yellow roll in his breast. "As soon as we strike daylight you shall know. You forgot that I have been withlout food or drink for-Heaven only knows how long. In a few main utea more my strength will give out." In silence the two pursued their way through the black, undergrouid tunnel. A violent thunder storm and the autnm mar day closing in. Sir Harry Tresham, sitting in his saddle on the lone heath, had his first sight of the Black Hollow Grange. Since his boyhood he had heard of it and of its mystery, and now for the first time his eyes beheld it. "And that's the Haunted Manor I What a ghostly old place I And to think that MLiss Trevethon ventured to come hero alone. No wonder she was fright rned. Of course there's nothing under the black turrets worse than bats and rats, but it is rather a forlorn old nest to look at. One wouldn't quite fancy sleep ing there such a night as this, with this confounded storm about his ears. I'll defer my investigations till to- morrow, and seek shelter in some adjacent inn. To-morrow I'll make a fresh start, and if there's a ghost on the premises, Ill make his acquaintance. Misa Trerethon's mind shall be set at rest. Softly now, Ratt ler." ButRettler would not be soothed. The thunder peal that shook the hills, and immediately succeeding a lurid blaze of lightning. made him cower and tremble beneath his rider. In the next breath, with distended nostrils and flattened ears, hae threw up his head, and-darted-o-aH - mad gallop.: "lRattler, softly now," coaxed Sir Harry, vainly tugging at the bit. The horse fleow on as if he had gone m?L- Ae.n?- the grounds,~-througl-te---t black hollow, and sheer down the rocky lescent. The wind took Sir Harry's hat and whirled it away; the lightning flashed in his eyes, the thunder deafened him. And ,n went the terrified horse, defying rein ar curb. They made the dangerous descent, and the rider had kept his seat; but just beyond the moor there rose a rocky ledge. Rattler leaped over it like a whirlwind, and Sir Benry was whirled aver Rattler's head, striking the hard earth beyond so violently that he lay there motionless. The horse flew on ecross the windy moors, utterly regard less of the fallen rider. (To be continued.) The product of a single pair of sparrows, if each pair ahould hbae 24 young in a year and all lie. would in 50 yesrs number 315,716,983,695 birds. The bird hatches 5 ore6 broods in a year, and produces from 4 to 6 young in a brood. Swiss mountaineers call through their speaking tubes at dusk. "Praise the Lord God." One herdsman starts the call, and his neighbors from every peak echo it. The rounds are prolonged by reverbertion from ow' mountain to another. After a short period ,rnich is supposed to have been devoted to irayer a herdsman calls "Good-night." This, too, is repeated, and as darkness falls, each arsie~hsahi so ies cll-npb er tr miles, and are re-echoed from the rocks tr somee minutes after the original call has died away Printed and published by the Proprirtors, KAIN & THOaesoe , at their Office, 168 6 170 Queenasbeory.atreet, North Melboeuro, TELEPONEI 1191, 