fpypjjjgB LITERARY GOSSIP. Like Ethel Turner, Louise Mack (Mrs. Percy Creed) is making her entrance into literature through the doorway of child life. "Teens," a story of Australian schoolgirls, is full of innocent fun and girlish frolic. and in its sympathetic treatment of youth ful vivacity exhibits a charm which will be acknowledged by readers more staid than those for whom' it is principally intended. There is no ambitious straining after effect, but just a natural narrative which repro duces with verisimilitude the daily life and aspirations of bright and happy girlhood, 'there is no lack of variety nor any want of distinctiveness in character. We are. introduced to all manner of girls, real girls, not imagined monstrosities after the style of "The Heavenly Twins," And we see them in their habit as tliey live, with all the imperfections which help to render them more delightful. Miss Mack may be complimented on having done ox- , eel lent work. The book is presented by .Messrs. Angus. and Robertson in excellent fonti; r-and' the; illustrations ;hy . Mr. I'.. '.IV Malioriy- disiiluy"artistic';merit.' It is. the in: tehtion of tiie Sydney! publishers: to issue a series of Australian books for children'.'' "Miss Bobbie" is another of the child sto ries which have. brought Miss Ethel Turner (Mrs. Curlewis) reputation, and she very prettily dedicates the hook to Mr. William Steele, the Australian agent of the pub lishers, '.Ward, Lock -and Co., to whose, en couragement. her "" success initially was largely "due. . In the "Seven Little Austra lians and in the "Family at Misrule" Miss Ethel Turner displayed a sympathetic ap preciation of children and child nature, es pecially in its natural and untrained' de velopment, which appealed to .those whose sense of humor is tickled by these illustra tions of original sin. The same quality -is observable in the present hook. But there is also evidence confirmatory of the belief tlmt the writer is working this vein very thiii. "Miss Bobbie" is by no means equal to her earlier essays in the field of litera ture. The attempts at pathos are forced, and the humor does not bubble up with the unrestrained effervescence of yore. Besides, there is apt to be great similarity in her de scriptions of character. The unruly family of boys in the. country parsonage -bear a close family resemblance to others to whom xve have been introduced under other names, and even Miss Bobbie, vivacious lit tle tomboy as she is, brings with her a sense of reminiscence. Unless Miss Ethel Turner is simply desirous of: making liny while the sun shines, we should.- strongly advise her to let her imagination lie fallow for a while, or to strike out in a different line altogether. The most charming children become weari some when tliey begin to pose. Mr. H'cadon I-Iili is a very clever and stirring writer, and the series of short tales included under the title of "Beacon Fires," and published by Ward, Lock and .Co., will he certain to find many readers. Thcy are of a patriotic character, and all of them have more or less'1 association- witlr-t- heM'fepara- , toiy efforts which" England has '!becii: obliged i to make on various occasions , "afnstjrtiie danger of invasion. Iri'soine irislhiiees the author lias been ratliei-.daring in liis;nssunip,: tion of historical authority. For exampje, ' he tells a story concerning an attempt 'to abduct" the Prince Regent . from- Brighton) and to hold him as an hostage on the: re newal of tiie struggle between France aiid England. Another apoeliryphiil legend: ie; lates a visit of Napoleon to the Scilly . Is lands, to satisfy himself of their suitability, as a base for invasion. His intention1, be:, comes known to the Admiralty, arid a) vessel is sent to intercept and capture: liini. - lie makes his escape, but to do so sacrifices those who hud' befriended liim by firing a powder train and blowing up the passage by which he had been able to make his way to the shore. 'The failure of the- -French: in vasion of Ireland in 1796 is also explained in a new manner. -It appears that -the reason why General Hoche did not- turn up as was expected jis'- becanse a .yoimg , ..Irish rebel whose sweetheai t hnd: been insulted by tiie French;' held ..the general under duress, and made him order the hanging of those "guilty of the outrage before he would release him. By that time it was too late to save the expedition from .disastrous failure. History toldln this manner is exciting, if not alto gether accurate. In the "Review- of "Reviews", for October, Mr. F. IV. Holder, the South Australian Treasurer, gives expression to his' views on the Sydney Convention.- He is more descrip tive than critical, and, does , not add much to the enlightenment of .the- public mind. He maintains that equal representation ' of the States in "one of the two Federal Houses is essential to federation, and admits that as a quid pro quo to the more populous States, it may become- necessary to grant the national referendum. Upon these lines of compromise the settlement of the con stitutional difficulty.-, may ..become possible. His idea upon the financial problem is that the alternatives are bookkeeping to test the contributions, the bookkeeping to continue till tlio contributions become , practically cqunl per : head over the whole Common wealth-, or to cense in each State as in each State the niean is reached, or else the use of a sliding scale to _ obtain .without book keeping .the same "information. Lord Ali sons deeds, in his circumnavigation of the world.- in 1740, and his capture in the Centurion"- of tlio Spanish treasure galleon sailing from Acupuleo, form the story of Mr. Fitehott's monthly instalment of rights for the Flag. Not unduly is it said that the voyage of the .Centurion added enduring fame to the British flag, and its record remains, as . the most splendid ex ample of the fortitude aiid the valor which have built up the British1. Empire. - All1. Stead chooses Edward Bellamy s Equality as the book of the lriontli. aud. presents an interesting resume of .tlie Socinlist'prophet's predictions concerning the" future;-:: Charac ter sketches- are given of Sui Isaac 'Iiolden and1 of Senor Canovas, the late Preririer of Spain, assassinated by tin Anarchist. . In tlio "Ball Mall Magazine" for October, Mr. Quiller Couch continues his venture some effort to -furnish a conclusion from the uutlior's notes . of II. L. Stevenson's un finished romance, "St. Ives." In. this in stalment also there is no lack of incident, hiit the story does not run on quite so natu rally as before, and there seems to he a dis position to make up in sensation what is wanting in charm. The adventurous flitting of the French prisoner in a balloon brings him into some remarkable difficulties, from which lie is extricated by .good .fortune, and a tijnely rescue from drowning enables him to secure a passage to America in a brig which a British commander is going to hand over to the enemy in defence of his pledged honor. The story does not read very1 con vincingly. There are several short tales of an interesting kind. The series of articles on General .Robert Lee, the military licro of the Confederacy, is brought to a conclusion with a description of the campaign wliieh ended m the battle of Gettysburg. General Longstreet is held largely responsible for the tailure of Lee's plans, though the com mander in chief was magnanimous enough i !a, the whole blame upon his own shoulders. Lee was I10t beaten, but lie did not succeed, and this was equivalent to failure in a cause whose only hope lay in a constant continuance of victory. tSimul- taueously with Gettysburg, Vicksburg, on the Mississippi, fell, and in the subsequent campaign in V irginia Lee's small army was worn out by sheer force of attrition. After a year of the most effective defensive war fare on record, during which he put liors de combat more than twice as many of liis opponent's men as his own entire army contained, the army of Northern Virginia, worn down to a "frazzle," gave up the ghost at Appomattox on 9th April, 1865. With all lost save honor, General Lee sheathed liis shunless sword, rode for the last time among jus faithful veterans in grey, and from a full heart hade . them liis touching farewell — 'Men, Ave have fought through .the 'war to- getlier: I have done my best for you." ''l-ady,, Mary's Experiences " included in Boil s ' Indian and Colonial Library," is by Mrs. Robert :docelyn, AA'hose stories on hunting and, fashionable life .have gained a ; certain .' measure. pffpopulai-i ty. '.' On: this "oc casion ..she' has httemjjted -to Avcayfe -iiito'licr- web of fiction; her' impfessions-of :tlie super'- natural.'1 11 or - ghosts,- hoAvever, are 'very ordinary kind of bogeys, "and she docs not possess the poAver of infecting her readers with her own sense of superstition. Lady Mnry Jlertonis a very wealthy and beautiful young Avidow, avIio possesses the faculty of seeing ghosts Avlienever tliey can he relied upoii to, iiiake tlieir appearance. She rather revels in this excitement; and lier experi ences with ghosts having hitherto been of a pleasurable kind, she cannot resist the temptation of securing the Grey Hall as an abiding, place ns soon as she learns that it is haunted. The peculiarity about this house is that no one can sleep in it; but when Lady Mary_ goes there Avith her strong minded friend, Veronica, she discovers that this insomnia does not apply to the ground floor. This enables lier to proceed to Avork more leisurely. The ghost, hoAvever, very soon appears in propria persona, is able to lock doors, raise ghostly cries of murder arid generally play up. It is a'very substantial kind of spectre, but has a.most malignant face, and is preceded by a great wave of icy cold air, Avhich appals the observer. Ve ronica, is courageous enough to o\\-ercome this dread, and folloAving the spectre, ob- seives her rehearse ovey again1 the tragedy of poisoning, in Avhich she had been a partici pant years before. Altogether it is a very foolish story, and Mi's. Joeel.vn has not the dramatic poiver to give reality to the un real. . "Australian Fairy Tales," by Atlin, West- bury, published by Ward, Lock and Co., is a venturesome attempt to follow in the footsteps of Andersen and Grimm. We cannot say thai any high measure of success has been attained. Australian conditions do not lend themselves readily to the imaginary visions of fairy land, and Australian children are far _too much up to date to be doludcd with anv belief in the cloud castles which Mr. Westbury constructs with so much ingenuity and elaboration. AVe have here neither the j'eHiilliscences of hoary antiquity nor the foun- : da'tion of folk lore on which these pleasant legacira of ancient superstitions can be estab lished.' ' A scries of fairy talc3 based on aboriginal legend might be possible, and would bo appropriate to the surroundings, but thin has not been Mr. Westbury's method. He has tried to adapt old world stories to now world conditions, arid the join is too perceptible. It is a mistake also in sto'rics of this kind to obtrude tlio moral element. Children do not like potvders in their jam". . Fniiy "tales should bo of imagination all compact, for their intention is to charm, not to ihstiuct, rind it iB a waste of moral effort to measure the inhabitants of elf land by the foot rule of Christianity. Mr. Westbury has evi dently given much time and trouble to the ' composition of ' tlieso stories, hut .we - do not think it likely that childreu will forsake their old favorites for these hybrid productions. The book is nicely priutcd and illustrated. It is a pitv, however, that more care was riot exercised in: revision, or Ave should not find nImost-.ideiiticnUy tlio same language used in different tales; For example— " Of one tiling the miner felt certain— that the' end of tlio drive rvould effectually bar the pro- gressofiiisunwelcomo visitor." Golden Cloud. " Of one thing the boy was certain— that the end of .. the subterranean passage would effectually bar the progress of the unwelcome visitor." .Three" Sparrows. "The narrow passago appeared to extend and Avidcn out before their advance until it took the shape of a long railway tunnel, from which the pair emergen at length into the bright beams of day." . " Golden Cloud." " But the dim caAe seemed to extond and open before tlicm as tliey pro ceeded, until it took the shape of a long railway tunnel, froiri which they at length emerged into the bright open sunlight."- ' Three Sparrows. "The transit from Avhnt seemed to be the boivel9 of a high mountain range to a landscape fairer and more beautiful than our hero had ever seen filled liis mind Avith wonder." Golden Cloud. "The sudden transit from Avlint appeared to he the "bowols of a great high mountain to .the noonday light almost blinded our friend Toby." Three: Sparrows. The death is announced by cable of. Madame Jessie Catherine Convreur (nee Huybers), the Australian authoress, better known by lier nom tie plume of "Tasma." Madame Couvrcur, avIio Avns about 45 years 'of age, died after a iveek's illness of "angina pectoris," or heart pang. Her body luis been cremated. . Jessie Catherine - Huybers Avas born near London, and accompanied her father, Mr. Arthur James Huybers, a Bel gian gentleman, settled for some time in England, to ilobart, Tasmania, as an infant in the early fifties. She married in Tas mania a:Mr. Fraser, and accompanied him to Victoria, where her first stor.v, "Barren . Love,"'- Avas published in 1877. She contri buted- at. this period a number of tales and sketches to the Melbourne press, and in 1879 Avent to Europe to reside permanently. From 1880 to 18S2 she lectured m French on Australia in1 France and Belgium for the Geographical Society of Paris, and received from the French Government the decora tion of.Ofiicier d'Academie. In 18S3 she returned temporarily to Australia, and on returning to Europe' in 18S5 contracted a second marriugo Avith M. Augiiste Convreur, a leading Belgian journalist and pohticiun, for "years editor of the "Independence Beige," 'and one of the Liberal representa tives of Brussels in the Chamber of Depu ties. Under the nom de plume of "Tasma" Madame Couvrcur published in London the folloAving novels: — "Uncle Piper, of Piper's Hill," "In Her Earliest 1 Youth" and "A Knight of the White Feather" — the1 scenes of which' arc all laid in Australia. Madame Convreur 1ms tAvo relatives in Victoria, a brother. Mr. W. C. Huybers,' of Caulficld. and a sister, Madame Lourciro, Avife of the Avell known artist. Charlotte Bronte's relations towards M. Jfcl eger, her teacher at Brussels, derive thojr chief controversial interest from the action of an American Avriter, Avho out of the fulness of her native pruriency under took to "defend" Charlotte Bronte from charges tlmt- were never made. -Readers with eyes to see had no, difficulty in recon structing out of "Villette" and the letters a quite sufficient account of Chnrlotte's-feel- ings towards M. Heger. That a girl .of her tcinperamfent, brought up in a narrowband ignorant Evangelicism, never having met a ' man outside her own home with anything resembling ; intellectual interests; should have been fascinated and powerfully in fluenced-by; M. Heger was inevitable, es pecially as lie took no particular interest in her and reserved all his admiration -for her sister T Emily, ' That . in her letters she compares him .l td an "insane torn eat, ' , a "delirious hyena/' \;aiid so forth;" shows how she at' times tried to deceive. '. herself into; 'imagining that she hated him. -The furious jealousy of Madame Heger supplied all that .was neoes- sftry to complete the situation, and it drove Oharlotte, who-, with all her strength of mind was morbidly; sensitive to criticism from her own sex, into agonies of self-ex- - .animation,, and into that "semi-delirium of grief and " sickness" of wliieh she speaks, during which she/the rigid and aggressive Attestant, knelt in the.cohCessioiial at Ste- Gudulc and poiirdd '6utniei; misencs to,;an'-,; ; unknown prjest.,3./And-it'-is "this " simple stmy, so natural; so creative; that .to tlie mmd of-tlfe ' American critic' 'suggests '"a ;vulgar and criminal amour" that "'changes the radiance of genius into the iiame flicker- mg above a shallow shameful grave." Mr. Mackay, a recent writer on the matter, has an easy task in dealing with such rubbish, and perhaps after.all it was worth brushing it out ot tiie way and showing' once for au that «.thei6tory . was true, and that theife ' was in it'nothing to be ashamed of or to apologise foi'. It was the turning point in Uharlplte s life, and it colored and gave direction to her genius, leaving its unmis takable mark on her work. As Mr. Mnckay puts it: "The pain of unrequited affection is the reeling she never tires of depicting. ' . . Xsowliere else are to be found such piercing ?£!e.s >.Vonely anguish as may be heard in bhirley and 'Vilette.' They are .the very de protundis of love sunk in the abyss of despair." . , - ddwett was ordained in 1842. He took his ordination vows very seriously, and in a way mngniffed his office. A, series of anec- .dotes shows- that Jowett was no coward:— H hen staying at a country house, among men of great literary reputation, when the host, then but slightly known to him, made use of some Kabelaisian expression— un aware perhaps for the moment that he was4 entertaining a clergyman— Jowett said quite ' simply, 'Ali. — — , I do not think myself better than you, but I feel bound to disap- - prove of that remark.' This attitude was maintained consistently in later life, but with differences of method, in accordance with his' increasing knowledge of men and tilings. At a Scotch shooting -lodge, some where in the sixties, he insisted on going . down to the smoking room with the others at a late hour, and when the conversation of the younger men took a doubtful turn the small voice that bad been silent hitherto, was suddenly heard — 'There is more dirt than wit in that story, . I think.' Once again, in the eighties when at Ealitol after dinner some old companion ventured on dangerous - ground, he quietly said, 'Shall ' we continue this conversation with the ladies?' and rose to go." ' - , 