DILEMMAS O T A B ACHELOR. O RIG IN A L STORY* A LL RIGHTS R ESERVED . [B r Robsbt Unteakx.] LETTER No. 7. 11Mir Dxab Maxy,—Your letters bave arrived all right. Arthur does not trouble himself much with your oorrespondenoe. and seems quite content to leave all tbe chat to you. H is last sorap was not much more than a doxen lines, aoknow* ledging the receipt of money tent. 6o you are beginning to get * full u p 'o f travel. W hy, you haven’t seen half the world yet—no, nor yet a hundredth part of ii. The ohildren won’t die. my dear, they never do. Go on travelling and enjoy yourself. This last letter of yours is almost a vote of want of confidence in me as a guardian, nearly enough to make me resign. "B oth Ethel and Charlie are .exceed ingly well, but are developing, a most quarrelsome mood towards eaoh other, perhaps, through the exuberanoe. of health. Ethel’s principal amusement is read in g -sh e devours books.. She has finished Dickens’ 'C hild'# History bf England, and will reid aloud by tbe hour to Charlie. He, m .you know, is too lazy to read ; but \nive him .* knife and a piece of wood, aqd he will be quiet for hours making a sailing boat, lie can put ap roller blinds, fixing the brackets, etc, properly anfl well, aba has built two very gotd stands for flower pots. He is much'more observant than Kthel, and has found out for himself many things about plants, such, for instance, as that some climbers have 'particular ways of twisting, tome tw ist to the right, like the Cobea, aod others to the left. ‘ Charlie very often gets into a bad temper, and -a certain eore 4ies been found. Directly one ofi us sees that he is ont of sorts, we get a book of humorous anecdotes, anil the first one is sure to set him right. Tbe story of O’Connell and Thady Moriarty, or one of Jo sh BiHings’ makes a return of good tem per a certainty, W e call it Charlie’s doses, the patient to be well shekea after taken. " I have beeo reading ’Torn dawyer,’ by M ark Twain. It is very good. Ethel asked permission to read it, and, of course, I said *Yes, for I do not koow of anything in it not suitable fo r children. Ethel reed it to Charlie on the lawn, but had occasionally to stop from Charlie’s uproarious laughter. Charlie has.taken to calling me ‘ Hunk ’—one of the characters in tbe book. In fact, while he remembers it, he is anxious to become a leoond Tom Hawyer. He wished to whitewash . the front fence, and addressed me on tbe- sabjeet. “ ’ Bat say, Hock., I ’ll whitewash that fence beautifully.' ‘“ I do not want it whitewashed ; it would look horrible.’ ” ‘ Not want it whitawaahed P Ob, shucks I why, do fence looks well until it whitewashed.’ “ ‘ W hat do you want to do it for f “ 1W ell, you see, Hack, some fellow might come along, and I could do a trade with him.’ *“ W ell, Charlie, it's not going to be done, and, if yon bother any more, I must stop Ktbel reading to you altogether. W hat have you got in yonr pockets t Turn ibem out and let me see.* ” His poekets were bulged out to about bursting point. “ An old brass handle, an old tooth, a lot of string, three peach atones, several marbles, a tap, a broken penknife, some pieces of lead, a cork with half e-dozen fish hooks in it, and a few other items “ W hatever do you want with all that rubbish, Charlie! Y ou’ll spoil your clothes, and make holes in your pockets carrying such stuff about/ ” ‘ They’re valuable to me though, be* cause I trade them with boys at sobool. To day I traded four pieces of lead with one of the ooys who has a catapult, for twenty-eight marblei mud a show.’ *“ Where did you get the Iesd, Charlie P’ “ ’ Oh I I found it round tbe place.' ” Later on I discovered that Charlie bad been catting the lead fla»hing off tbe roof of a shed at the top of the yard, and then of course I had to punish him. “ Seven days went by since tbe above happened, when I found a dead oat is tbe gardeo, and on returning to the house was giving instructions to the man to bury it, when Ethel and Charlie both interposed. “ ‘ Oh no, uncle, don’t have it buried, said Ktbel, ‘ Charlie brought it home to see if it haunts.'' “ 1If it haunts P' I asked. ‘“ You remember tbe oat th a t haunted in “ Tom Sawyer ”P W ell we w ant to try it/ Elhel replied. ‘“ W ell, but what are you going to do P’ I said. . " ‘ W e are going to bury it, with our backa to the north and say some magic worda over it/ said Ethel. “ ‘ One of the big boys at school, who had read “ Tom Sawyer," told me it would hauot beoause he had tried one,' but as this iB a different conntry to “ Tom' Sawyer,” you had to do it a little bit; different/ said Charlie. . , “ 4Well, where did you get the eat P ’. j, “ ‘ Oh, I traded witji tbe boy that told me be had tried it. I gave him a jtop, ten marbles, and six fish hooks for it. He has been a week getting it. You'D let us try it H ack, won't you P ’ “ As he had ‘traded’ for it, it seemed downright robbery to stop it, and nb barm ooold come of it, so I said they oonld doit this once odIv. “ The children waited until dusk, and, then both set off. First they found out which was the north, and as I quiet!; followed tbem I can tell you w hat (hey Hid. 1 hey chose theshadeof a pine tree for the grave, end after Charlie had taken off his brots and socks and Etbel her ihoei and stocking** for I heard him sty that it was * holy "ground, kud m uit not be walked on* except barefooted, they .^ntjk^four sticks , in the groond at* the corner of the grave, and then walked round it baokwarde seven times mumbling some words. Then Charlie began digging, and the ground beieg soft and he rather a strong youngster, he soon had a good hole, Ethel meanwhile onteide the saored circle putting on her shoes and slockingt. Then Ubarlie, having finished, did the tame. “ The dead cat being tenderly lifted was placed in the hole and covered over, during which work a continuous incantation was kept np, and the ceremony beiog concluded the children returned to tbe house. '• Very toon after it was quite dark, and‘I was seized with an idea. Eight o'clock was the hour at whioh the haunt was to lake place. 8o I took a sheet of newspaper, and ronghly tearing out a shape as cat-like as possible, about four times the eise of any cat, with tail well extended, I stepped out quietly, and just over the grave, with tbe nvlp of a little string and the r branches of the tree, I hung my paper cat. In the dim shade and starlight it looked very ghostly., Then I returned to my study and lit a cigar and waited events. ', At eight o’clbok the moon had risen, and the children started off by themselves to Bee if tbe haunt .was good. A few mipntss and I beard scuffling and suppressed whispering, and then a knock at toy door, and Ethel and Charlie entered.. Both were very excited, and with glistening eyes and.moBt tragic tones, said : ‘ Tbe cat has haunted 1’ ‘ Oh, rubbish/ I said, ‘cats don’t haunt/. *|' But it h a s ; you come and see/ “ Still i protested it was no good; e<ting m e down there when I knew oats, id not haunt. “ At last to paoifj them I went. ,Then, seeing my paper oat, I agreed with them and thought it carious.. . ‘f They 'Wanted to get their grandma, but this I could not tllow, and so we re ­ turned to the house, as I told tbem to go down early in tbe morning, and see if the haunt was still there. I returned to my ■tudy. but very soon after heard shrieks in the garden,..-and agoing ont of the French w/odows heard steps .moving towards heme, and two voices were calling out ‘jHpIy Mother hayemercy o n u s/ and the'other ‘ I'll not sleep a wink this night/ t “ ‘ H o llo s/1 said, stepping out on tbe path and intercepting the,two who turned out to be the ne,w cook aod the housemaid. * W hat’s the m atter; don’t m ake1 .11 this noise.’ ‘“ Ob, sir, it’s tbe ghost of a cat tbe children have down there. Yon can hear it soratohing and see it moving/ “ Then Kthel and Charlie arrived. They bad invited the two servants down; and the carious part was the fright of these two grown-up women and the coolness (though tinged with excitement) of the children, " I thought it was time to dispel tbe illusion aod lay the ghost. •’ There is no ghost at a ll/ I said. Here, children, some with me.' “ Down we went to tbe tree. Tbe servants bad gone into the house—they were too frighteoed to come—and I had a child by each band. Tbe mooo shone on (be paper cat beautifully, giving it a most weird appearance; and as the branohes swayed with tbe light breeae. tbe oat wai alternately in and out of shadow. “ ‘N ow / I said, coming to a halt abont four yards from the oat, ‘ is that a ghost f ’ “ *Oh, yes/said C harley,'don’t you hear it soratoh, and look how it moves/ " This, of course, was the breeze swaying it. “ ' Come closer/ I said. “ Charlie wonld net, but Kthel did not mind, so I loosened Charlie’s hand, and in four ateps brought Ktlel right up to the paper, and? snatching it with my free hand, I gave it to her, remarking how foolish they were to think dead oats wonld haunt any plaee. “ Then there were bursts of laughter, and, with the paper oat in his hand, Charlie rushed - bapk to th« house to prove to the servants they had been fooled. “ Your loving, ' “ Chablbt.” (To ba 