CURRENT NEWS. Why suitor from Nouraliria ? It is a fact beyond dispute, and one of great connotation to the afflicted, that Doyle's Neuralgia Powders are instantaneous in relief and-oure in all neuralgia cases. Send to the Dispensary, George- streot, Parramatta. HAVEYOU AHEADACHE.-If so call or send to L. W. Pye, chemist and druggist (Iato R. M, Virtue), Church' street, Parramatta, and obtain a box of his Hoadncho Cachets. The effect is magical, the headache disappearing almost instantaneously. Price le. On Friday night last week A Socialistic tho young men of the Parra Individualistic mullu Y.M. Institute pro TubsIo. ceeded to settle the question of Socialism v. Inuividuul iom In an hour imd a half, by means of a ' worry ' on ajook-Parliamenlary lines and in ten minute rounds. They were some time before getting down to the main business of the evening. When they did reach it tho leader of the Ministry, Mr. R. J. Luke, opened somewhat discursively and indefinitely. Ot tho other speakers Mr. Iddlcs, another member of the Ministry, made the most suc cossful and logic*! speech of tho evening. The Opposition wero weaker throughout, Mr. Ferguson being perhaps the best speaker. The list of martyrs to a ' good old cause ' was added to at iho close, wht-u the Ministry were badlv defeated. Through the expensively Judge Murray stained, elaborately - worked on ''improve- windows of tho Courthouse monts ' during the recent. Pdrramatta sessions, the afternoon sun beat down on tbe unprotected jurymen in the jury box. Fancy glass, colored punex, heraldio devices — everything had beon thought of, except a alight protection from solar glare. Orna mental woik to no end— and usefulness abso lutely disregarded. The Judgo's attention wax drawn to tbe ciroiiDiBtanco. ' Ah ' said Hiu Honor, looking upward, ' it's one of those facotiou™ attempts by the Government Archi tect which aro called improvements — it's astonishing how bo much money can be spent to no advuntago in this manner.' At tho recent Parramatta Judge Murray Stssione, Judge Murray, en on the dCfew calling on tbe first caso, Courthouse, pointed out that in that 'new and elaborate Court house,' the witness box had been moat care fully airanged on tho wroug sida. It was peouliar that such defeots should continually be made in thoso departmontally provided nbw buildingB. It did seem as if Borne dopnrt ments carefully cultivated tho art of ' how not to do it.' An interesting rate case was A Rate Case, held at Liverpool last week. The Council rated the Infants' Home, an institution conducted by Mr. George Ardill. M-, M. Daroy-Irvine, who appeared on behalf of the Homo, objected to the assessment claiming exemption under the 163rd section, which removes charitable inslitutions'irom municipal taxation. It was admitted that milk was sold by the Home ; but it was explained that tho proceeds were expended on the institution. Mr. Irvine cited the case of the Teinpe Refuge und tho decision of Judge Murray. Aftor consultation the Benoh upheld tho appeal. Commandant H. H. Booth, 'The Brewer's of tho Sulvution Army, has Ghost.' written a Httlo book against the drink ttaffio, which has beon forwarded to us from tho Sydney Head Office. It is entitled ' The Brewer's Ghost,' and sets forth in inuoh detail tho results which have followed upon tbo sale of tho brandy dis tilled by the. hero of the narrative. It is pro fusely illustrated with striking pictures, and tbe book will doubtless be much appreciated by a largo circle of readers. In the course of the bearing Change Places, of tbo second of the two oases of brass-stealing which took up so much lime at the Quarter Sessions on Tuesday, Jones — tho acoused in the first caso ? was called, while hiB jury was oat considering his innocence or guilt, to givn evidence for tbo Grown in the second enso. Just after he hid taken bis placo in the witness box, announce ment was mudo that hia jury h'd oome to a verdict. Immediately tho scene was ehanged. Tho jury in the second case was bustled out of one door, Jones was bustled from the box to the dock, aud his jury came tokmnly in and returned their verdict of guil'y. Then this jury vanished, tho oiher one poppea up, and tho- unfortunate Jones, naturally staggering under tho heavy blow just administered, was ltd back from tho dock to tho witness box. It would not lave much surprised some at least of those in Court, if ho had deulinod to give evi denco, or if the Judgo had interposed in tho circumstances and forbidden his further tor ture. Muttors wore oven worse when his placo in tho box was taken by Ms poor wife, who, otpecinllyas she whs in an interesting condition, had an much as ehe could do to bear up under tho nevero croas-exnmination to which she was subjected. It possibly »as tho correct thing to do, but it suvors of legal tortuto to make » woman in her condition go into tho witnees box, at tho end of a trying day, just after her husband had been found guilty of tho chalgo brought against him. The Un.-nn Crick.* OlubV Union Cricket oWhth ,nooiu\ -on 'iuonduy Club's fiocial. i.ib-ht ».-o „ . iy ouo^ees, over ?JO couples att. ndii.g. In tho hand.' 'f 'h'i commitiee — M^ssjD. W. Ainy, J. Gutrin, J. Cardiff, W. Arundnlo and J. McLaron — all the details wero sufo, nnd a morn pleiwutit sooi.il wis nuver hold in i.he Alusooio Hull. Mr. W. H. Edwards, tho popular muaioian, wun there ; tho M'a.O. wore M.s-rs. W. Aimy mid W. Rtillv -, and tho' refreshnunts wore dieponl-ed by Mra . Rafter. Amongst thoso proeuut wero Mesdamos Richardson, Lakomun, J. McLaren, it'. HuVuu bund; thfi MUm-h Hmittr (2), Gurlick, Pick:-i, WilkuiKiiD. ,1-ipr, Fruniclin, 'I'owus-rd (2) Over, Ward, Wafer, Kdwaids Rjbertson, L Itemun (2), Hockey (Dunda-), I ykes (4), Tuckwell, B. and M. Sprowlu', Bio''1, Voniius (2), A Ankz.irk-, A. Pjnehum. Dowley, Phillips (2), Norris j and MWs. J. Brown, J. Rattir, R. Cox, OmHi, McE.iy, Struul-, R. Jamicson, Dykes, Morris F K-mnuoy, J. Piekering, J. K(,che. W. Teeoo, Filzyerdd (2), Pje (Kydalmero). Barter, T. Smith Mud Hooklny (Dundnn), J. Cameron, Hy»n, J. H arris, C. Piirlies, J. Floyd, Atwell, A. Ormof and the committee and others already montioi.ed. A Rooial in aid nf thn parish St. Patrick's funds of St. i atnek's Church Social. wirs held in the Masonic H ill, Parrumattn, on Wednesday night. Theocoasion derived hdded importacco from the fact that it marked the celebration i/f the e-g th i nnivorsary of the Rov. Fulhor O'R'illy's appointment us piittt in chur^o. Mr. W. Watters win an efficient substitute foi Mr. J. Dellow, secretary, who was absent through illness, and Messrs. O'Hara, O'Brien and MoDonugh were energetic ar.d courtv.oui Ms.O. Mr. J. Toohey and other committoo miiu lent valuable support Ihrough (he evening, and (xcellent music was supplied by Messrs. Edwards, Moling, and E. Wattors. Tho tastily served refreshments were from a depart ment presidrd over by Mtsdames Stahl and CoDDell, The hall was filled to udvantage, ihe number present, about 45 couples, being just about equal (o its 'comfortablu' capacity. Amongst tbe ladus present wore: Mrs, Stahl, Mi68 Tierney, Mias Hinchoy, Mias Winter, Mrs. Gough, Miss Ooriroy, Miss Hanley, Mies O'Brien, Miss A. O'Brien, Mies Oodd, Miss TiRhe, Mies Arkins, Miss Faht-v, Misses Ring (2), Mies Mfjie, U\S9 Bridgefoo't, Miss Connell, Mrs. Filzgeiald, Misses Fitz gerald, Miss McDonald, Miss Norri.-, Mias Jones. The gentlemen present included Rev. Father O'Reilly, Messrs. Watters, O'Brien, Hnnliy, Toohey, McDonngb, Algie, Fahoy, Garland, Flomir.g, MoKny, O'Hurn, Jamieeon, Crengh, Struub, Conroy. Tho social proceed ings laBtod till 1 p.m , when the populur prieat of the pitrish said a few words of thanks and the company dispersed homewards. The nett proceeds will proLnbly bs p.bout £12. A writ for £2000 damages A Big has bean served on Mr. T. E. Rookwood Murphy, solicitor to Alder Libel Action, man Gilliver, of Rookwood, by ex-Alderman Abrahams. The oust) is set down for hearing at the end of June. Dufumliinl'a bar will insludo Mr. R. E. O'Connor und Mr. Delohery. Tbe causes of aotion weto itmarkB made by Alderman Gilli ver at a Counoil mooting, when Alderman Gilliver invited Alderman Abrahams to ' coma outside.' In compliance with the desire The Queen's of the Mayor of Parramatta Jubilee Fund, we draw attention to Lidy Hampden's suggestion that tbo sixtieth year of the Queen's Reign should be oomraernorated by u special effort in uid of tbe Queen's Jubilee Fuud for tho help of dis tressed women of the colony. Lady Humpden points out in her circular (that has already been published), that the fund has provided relief for some 2100 women at a total uost of £0769. Ludy Hampden expreeaoe her willingness to reooive contributions of from 2s 6d upwards on its behalf. As a jockey namod Patrick .A fall at Sweeney was exorcising a Rosehill. horse, the property of Mr. Jos. Garland, of Puirnmatta, ut Rosebill raoecourso, on Wednesday, tho animal failed to properly negotiate one of the hurdles and fell heavily, receiving fatal injuries. Sweeney was picked up unconscious, and was removed to Parmmutta Hospital, buffering from concussion of tbe brain. No bouep, however, wove broken, and he is now mukiug satisfactory progress towards recovoiy. Tbe Firo Brigades Boird has New Fire deoidod to proceed with the Station- erection of a station building at the corner of Filzwilliam and Ohuroh streets, in accordance with the original plans prepared by Mr. J. W. Hill — ut a probable cost of about £1000. Somo months ago the Board intimated that they would sot be in a position to go to any outlay of tbis extent, and Mr. Hill was instructed to prepare amended sketches. However, on the strong rocommondation of Superintendent Bear, the Board baa altered its mind. Tenders are invited in tbis issue. Tneae oloso on the 17th instant ; and the wotk is expected to be completed in about six months. The Granvilie Women's Suf SuffragO for frago League is again to tho Women. fore, and will bold a publio meeting at tbe School of Arts, Granvilie, next Monday. Two notuble women —tho President of tho W.O.T.U. of Victoria, and tho President of tho N.8.W. Women's Suffrage League — will, with other ladies, do livor addresses. The chair will be taken by Mias Swnnn, Bjesident of the looal branch of the.Loague. A meeting wob held on Wed St. John's, nesday last, for the purpose of forming a branch ot tho Mothers' Union. There wus a large attendunne, and tho objects of tbe Union wore explained by Mrs. O'Reilly in an address, and by Mrs. Wat kin in a paper. They wero us follows : — ' 1. To uphold tbe sanctity of marriage; 2. To awaken in mothers of all olasaon a sense of their great responsibility ns mothers in the training of. their boys and girls. 3. To organize in every place a bund of , mothers who will unite in prayer, and seek by their own example to lead their families in purity und holiness of life.' Arohdoncon Guntbor, who presided,) commend ed tho Union to the sympathy of the parish ioners. At tho close of the meeting a largo number enrollod theimplveB. The illness of Mr. W. B. Illness of Mr. Fatquhar, of the Commercial W.B.Farquhar. Bank, Purramatta, tho well known oiicketor, has deve loped a serious turn since the intimation in lust Saturday's Akqus. Mr. Farquhur was first suffering from an injury to his back, received whilo playing crickot at Singleton during the Koster holidays. Last Saturday bis condition improved considerably, although the day be fore his temperaturo was up to 102. On Sunday he went for a drive with Messrs. Steber and Arnhoim, and when he roturned waa very ill. Dr. Brown was at onco called, and found his temperaturo up to 102. Ho was ordered to the Hospital at once, as thore wero Bj-mptoma of typhoid. Since then bis condition has varied, and although he is bolog treated for typhoid, thoro seems to bo eomo doubt about it, influenza symptoms (with lung affection) h living super vened. On enquiry yesterday wo were in fnrmad he was Bomewhat better. This afternoon Mr. Dowoll Hospital O'Reilly will open a ohildron's Shows, bazaar in aid of the Paria mattu Diatriot Hospital. Tbo worthy Effort is being managed by earns school girls, who have got together a very neat and useful collection of articles, especially in children's drestos. Tub Auoub commends tbe young ladies for thoir charitable and thought ful action, and hopos thoro will bo a large attendance to encouiags them. Tho bazaar will be held in Miss Cutler's hall, Wontwortn strcot, and tho admission is fixed ut tho nomiral price of one penny. Tho same day a football match will be plavod on iho Parrumatti oval in aid of the Hospital, and during hnlf-timo thoro will bo an exhibition bicyolo race, paced by tandem and triplet, Leading looal and suburb ban ridors aro expected to taku part in large numbers. Tht'P'urriiuiHttu Protectionist Parraina ta Longuo br-ld h inoeting thio Protectionists, woolt, and diseased in « general wuy tho advisability of sbrrtly t'tleathji» n candidato to run for Pnrr«njntta'-ni'.-:t.iilr^tion R.'por'B were givon nf :|io ,-ydndy Conforunoi. Several now membors tvero unrolled. Tho Parraraatta Early Clos Early Closing inpr Association hold a meet Association, ing this weak, aud dc cidod to rim a scries of socials and a ball clori- g Urn winter Beaton. Messrs. H. Vrihrenkomp, A. Davoy, J. M.Glnsban, L. MuK'iy (treasurer), and R. C.rponter (nee), werti npiiiinicf ' u committco to carry out dntnils. Witb such an ablo Bcoretary und go. d all- ruund committee, tho socials should bo very 'UCcesxf ul und eujoyable. A lip.ndfomo communion eor St Matthew's, vice has bi on presented by Holroyd. tho parishioners to this church. Archdeacon Gunthor wbon receiving it, spoko warmly of tho interest tukon in tho district by the ehurch people. We lake tho following ox MisBing tract trom 'Lloyd's Nowa Friends. paper,' (London) MiesiDg Fiiouds r.oluinn : — ' Weedon (Thouiup), wout toKydiioy, N.S.W., 40 years a«o, and when lint hoard of wua lioeping tho rarnimatti Tea Gardens there Nioco Caroline asks.' Can nny of our identities toll us any thing about tie Parramatta tea uardenn re ferred to ? 