STACE STUDY AND STUDIO BY JARNO Princess Theatre. 'CLAUDIAN.' 'Kartaphilos, Pontius Pilate's porter, when the officers were dragging Jesus out of the hall, struck the Saviour of mankind with his fist in the back, saying, 'Go quicker, man; go quicker!' Where- upon Jesus replied, 'I indeed go quickly; but thou shalt tarry till I come again.' This man afterwards became a Christian, and was baptised under the name of Joseph. But the curse so mildly placed upon him by the gentle Jesus clings to him still. Every century he falls into an ecstacy, out of which he rises again at the age of thirty.' 'As the Man of Sorrows was going to Calvary, weighed down with His cross, He stayed to rest on a stone near the door of Ahasuerus, the cobbler, who had dragged Him before Pilate. Ahasuerus pushed Him away, saying, 'Away with you, here you shall not rest.' The gentle Jesus replied, 'I truly go away, and go to rest; but thou shalt walk, and never rest till I come.' * * * These are two versions of the ancient legend of the Wandering Jew, upon which Herman and Wills based the play of 'Claudian,' and upon which Eugene Sue based his famous novel. * * * Claudian's curse is of a slightly different kind, cal- culated to admit of melodramatic adaptation decorated plentifully with voluptuous detail, gaudy, glittering sctaery, and other tawdriness, suitable to the degener- ated tastes of a modern audience. This wealthy noble of Byzantium casts a lascivious eye upon the slave-wife of another man, and as ths lady happens just then to be ticketed 'For Sale,' he out-bids the humble husband, who has to work for his living, and has had no time to accumulate wealth by thieving. But the slave escapes from her purchaser, who, how- ever, tracks her to the cave of the Holy Clement, a Christian. Claudian stabs Clement, who thereupon bestows upon him a comprehensive curse, in which he is condemned to eternal youth and to blight every being whom he loves or seeks to befriend. This dis- heartens the debauchee, and he desires to free the slave, who therupon dies and proves the bona fides of Clement's malediction. This is the Prologue. * * * Act I. takes place a hundred years later in a vine- yard at Charydos, where palms are growing in com- mon cheap 19th century earthenware flower pots. Everybody is perfectly happy in the enjoyment of a a vintage festival. Bare- bosomed damsels are carry- ing grapes around, twanging harps, making love, and otherwise enjoying life, until Claudian comes along and blights the whole proceeding with his blessing. He doesn't want to do it, but he simply can't help it. He tries to dodge the curse by giving somebody else a coin to bestow on a woman whose child is dying. But the child dies all the same. Clement evidently wasn't such a fool as to build a curse that could be got over in that feeble fashion. Finally, Claudian is found out, and is desired by the peasants to leave them in peace. Before he goes, however, Almida, the beautiful betrothed of another man, declares that she will follow him over all the world. Claudian thanks her kindly, and she immediately becomes blind. The curse keeps on going all the time. * * * Act II. discloses the fact that the idea is only a thin one after all, and that the whole play is simply going to be a series of dreary variations of the curse's effects. These variations chiefly consist of maidens being pursued by villains, and villains and other various persons being thrown 'over the battlements.' But Almida sticks to Claudian throughout, and Claudian finds it very difficult to refrain from paralys- ing her with his love. He struggles really manfully against his passion, but without success. It will come out, and as soon as it does, the lightning flashes, the thunder rolls, and the palace topples about their heads in a truly magnificent scene. This pretty well convinces Claudian that the curse means business. * * * Act III. takes place amongst the ruins of the palace, where old Clement's ghost, like that of Hamlet's late lamented father, appears and informs Claudian that, if he will renounce Almida in favour of her betrothed, her sight will be restored, and he, himself, will be allowed to die. After a good deal of wrestling with himself, Claudian gives way, the curse lets up, and its victim dies picturesquely in the centre of the stage, with the limelight full on. * * * Such is the play, which is hardly a drama so much as a series of incidents flimsily strung together in order to display Wilson Barrett's legs, numerous voluptuous females, and some splendid scenery. Wilson Barrett is evidently a fine actor, although in this production he is hardly called upon to act at all. He chiefly has to look imposing, to speak his pon- derous lines with effect, and keep well under the focus of the limelight. All these things he does with distinguished excellence. His voice is musical and well under control; his delivery is, except for gab- bling here and there, very forcible; his legs, enve- loped in fleshings, are shapely and large; his strut is stately, except when he hurries; his hair is wavy and curly, and he never misses the limelight once. In short, he should suit the womenfolk down to the ground. For myself, I should prefer to see him as Richard III., hunch-backed, crooked-legged, and generally ugly. Then I could judge whether he is really an actor, or nothing more, after all, than a very theatrical showman. The other members of the company are only mediocre. They seem to have been carefully selected so as not to pale in any sense the beams of the star. * * * The whole show is good, and should be seen. It is thoroughly enjoyable, and is interesting because it exposes 'The Sign of the Cross' as a feeble imita- tion of it. But --- it will not do much for the vaunted regeneration of the stage. Wilson Barrett, like Marie Corelli, seems to advertise himself as a man with a mission. Such an idea is claptrap. He is a man with an excellent notion of maudlin melodrama, and all stock methods of humbugging the public. He desires to send people away from the theatre filled wiih noble emotions, and the means he uses are voluptuousness, religiosity, sensuousness, and skin tights! I don't mind these things being employed as a means of filling Mr. Wilson Barrett's coffers; but I am sorry that the man who uses them should set up a claim to be considered a stage-reformer. I am a thousand times more sorry that he is accepted as one. It shows how desperately far the Drama has drifted. 