r . ' ioOHTLETE STOSY. iwiEinisw li mm on, . bv WALTER WOOD, 'Author of "A Captain in tho Fusiliers," V "Contraband o£ War," " Tales of tlio : . - i Service," &o.;, &c.; ' , ' ' " COTYIUOHT. ji' VViThete was no question whatoror about it. tho' Mrbd. troopship Btnto of Georgia was ''Vbeingibvovtnkon by tho Don Alfonso. Tho ' '"Stite of Georgia, the famous armed merchant . cruiser of 12,000 tons and 30,000 horse- .j,. power, was doing her best to uliow her heels to the vioiono Spaninrd, and the engine-ioom ; staff wero sweating in tho depths of hor hull to got one mora half-knot nut of hor. ; Tho Btnto of Georgia hud tho 1st Battalion ' of the HawkBhire ltogimant on bourd, ro- 'inforooihonts for the gurrison at Gibraltar, ; but in spitoof tho redcoats and their Lce- . Motfords, tho stcamor was hound to fall n . '.proy to the armoured pursuer unless slio could show.that sho wus tho quicker of the .two. Hor onomy was the fleetest vessel of the V Spanish navy, and sho was getting over the ' Bay of Biscay just a shade faster than tho oraok Atlantic greyhound. ' ' ' .Never. iu. tho Keenest raoe across tlioipond hod those on board the Stnto of. 'Georgia worked us tlioy woro working now. The ' stokers shovelled the coal into tho hungry ! mouths of 'tho furnaces until they swooned , ' under the floroo heat and the ti.il of it. 'TKon they were hauled away for a' breath;- of air and a draught of strong liquor, and other inen stepped into their places and plied tho 'flames' with more of the bluok food which tlioy so ruveuously consumed. , The chief onginocr wutehed his chnrgo \- with a loving eye. Tho Btnto of Georgia was tho idol of his soul ; sho was his god, his deity, and ho worshipped hor before all things else oil oartb. There was not a worlc- . ing part that ho did not see to himself, not a man that he did not sorutinise with jcnlousy. Tho fnnmces woro cliokod with roaring flames, but when ho went into tho stoke-hole lie said that room conld be found for a few . moro shovelfuls, and the flremon got them in. .. Tho pressure on tho boilers was already 200 lbs. to the square inoli, bnt tlioy hud been . .tested up to 2o0. and his heart rejoiced us ho , , saw the atcam-guago slowly turning towards . 220. Evon if thoro had been no hydraulic tost he would have put tho pressure on ull the . luuno. ' This was not u time to stick ut what 'bad been dono on soiontifle principles ; it was tho hour for praatical experiment, and lie meant to run tho engines for ovcry onnco of power thoy were worth. " Whon tho 260's touched," said a stoker, who was resting a moment from his labours, " she'll bust, an' wo shall all ha blown to \- blazes." " Wo might us well bo blown by tlio Stnto of Georgia's boiler as tlio shot of tho Spanish cruiser, ' said tho chief, who hud overheard him. "It's moro homely, because we're used to it. Put some more fuel on, und shovo hor along a sliudo faster. Wc shall all go t'ogotlicr if wo go ut all. Thiiik of thut, and bo comforted." " I'm game," muttered the stokor, and ho stuffed a furnace until ho reeled. Then they removed him until he curae round, and another mun took his place. Tlio chief went to the upper bridge for a moment to speak with tho captain, who had sout for him. Tho captain greeted him with a mono- syllablo. "Well?" lie asked. " Sho's.doiug twenty-four knot's, " Raid tho chief, wiping his brow. ' Tho furnace doors are red hot, and they're carrying the stokers away as thoy tumble ovor, and putting other men to relieve them. Sho can't do another yard. It's moro than wo've got out of her boforo." " Half a knot would do it," said tho captaia longingly. "Hulf a knot— it isn't much." " It's the last straw," said tho chief. "It can'tbe-done. If I could do it' by feeding the Arcs with iny own body, I'd doit— for tlio honour of tho State of Georgia. This speed," ho added with a glow of enthusiasm, " has never been touohed by any merchant craft that over sailed tlio seas. It's full three- quarters more than we got out of her whon wo lioked the now Yankee boat on tho vory hist trip we mode from New York. The American , would have gone before lier long before this, for tho Spaniard's a scorohor." He jerked his head as ho epoko, to indicuto the cruiser. Tho captain thought for a moment, then ho turned to . a wiry little man at his side and said, "Well, colonel, 'yon hear; sho's doing evory inch wo can got out of hor, and tho cruiser's making half a knot an huur more. She'll bo up with us boforo nightfall. Wo .can't escape. What are wo to do ?" . Tlio- colonel answered laconically, "Take hor!" The captain laughed. "I would with pleasure if " "Oh, yes," interrupted tho colonel, "we can do it. I've thought ft all out — not as a 'nautical mun, but as a strategist. " "Sho's tho fastest cruiser in thoSpnnish navy," said the cuptain. "Audshooarriosa ''couple of 22-tou guns for'nrd that would Wow us out of tho water in two minutes. Watertight bulkheads won't count if onoo slio gets tho range of us. Our wcuiious nro use less against her armoured sides. Wo could pepper hor us hard ns we liked and couldn't \- ' hurt hor. As for her phot, why, one of them / 1 oould bo sent in at tho port side and go out at tho starboard side— through the whole .hull— just like going through sheets of paper." " What's hor crow P" asked tlio colonel. " Say six hundred, all told," answorod tho captain. ' ' . "I've a thousand men of my own on 'hoard," said tho colonel, " as smart and ilno a battalion as over loft England, and that's 'saying muohl" '' " It's better than having five thousand," said the captain. "WliyP" demanded the colonel. " It'll, bo all the less to sond to tlio bot- \- torn," , , i , / ".I've no. intention that thoy shall go there;" '!Then wo shall have to strike," said tho ; .qaptaiu: '"It's bithor strike or- rink. It's perfeotly hopeless to think of coining to a flglit with the oruieor. I'm no oowurd " . '/!. " God forbid 1" interposed tho colonol for- ,\Veutly.:. .. "But I think wo shall haro to ouro in." ;.;..v,.,fGavoin! Oavoin !" ropeatod tliooolonol. ; " That' sounds had for .Englishmen— and to \- Spaniards ! ; Think of tiio degradation of it," ' "It's tlio fortuno of war," said tliu captain. / "He, tried to Speak philosoohioally, but iiis /..'heart was heavy within liim' at tlio prospect . of surrendoring tlio property tlmt wus in his care. "Threo-quartors of a million sterling," , he mused, " and to go in tlio twinkling of an , ';eye. . And tho irony of it is tlmt tho aruisor's . English-built and English-ongined. Tho \- State of Goorgia mid sho were alongsido in tho-Morsoy tho day after tho oruisor was hiunohod." > . Thero was silonce for a raomont. Thontbo ' captain said, "Woll, and since you don't think of snr- render, what do you propose to do?" Tho colonel quoted : " And Sir Kiohard said ngain, . j.. 'Wo he oil good Englishmen. , : Lot us bang those dogs of Seville, The ohildren of tlio devil, . - JFor l never turned my hack upon don or devil .yot.' / ' ( J.Neither did I," added tho oolonel,. "and & ,'Y'm not, going to begin in my old ago. Wo can't oxuetly bang them, but wo oan diddlo i . : them, and that'll amount to the same tiling. I, How long will tho Spaniard bo before she's ft Alongside P" li "! "Seven hours, if his ongines don't break riow'n.'.'. //jiTlion." said tho oolonol, "in soven it'; hoars and thirty minutos he'll he onto. And ijr/notV life' will ho lost unless tho Spaniard's .plg-hendcd and foolish. And I don't ' think ,' Iie will ho, -He'll ,bo too stunned." ' "And how do you propose to do it'P" asked ;< ,'ibo captain in astonlshmont. - V- That Til oxplain shortly, " replied tho ' eolonol// J I'll go below and get some lunoh. ,"I. shan't leave, thobrldgo until-' tho end of this business comes," said the enptain. . "If 1 leave before, it will'bo when I'm knooked out of timo by ono of tlie.Spiuiiard's shot." Tho colonel wont' below and lunched, and lunched well. Ho matured his plans, and talked them over with his second in command. "It can be dono," said the colonel. " There's not tlio slightest doubt about that," said tlio senior mujor. " It's all a question of ethios " "Ethios ho ," said tlio old oolonol ; tlioy don't count at a time lika this. You " enn't oxpect that thoy should." "Honour used to count in tho old days— it wouldn't linvo boon tho thing to aob us you .prbpqiu>," obsorved tlio major. ' ' In tho old days thoy fought with bow and arrow. Evon you wouldn't say tliat what wus good onough thon would do now," said the colonel . ' Tlio major laughed. "That puts a 'new light on tho mutter. Say no mors.' Your scliemo is'sinart and it's bound to suobeed,' unions somebody bungles it.")' ; "The num that bunglos it won't live to bungle anothor," said tlio colonel ; "at any rate, not if T catch liirn doing it. Well, I've, got t,n explain to tho captain and you ' can toll the rest of tlio officers wlmt it is. In a fow minutes I'll hare Ilia battalion fallen in. then wo shall bo ready for tho fiiii.' By Joye," lie concluded, as ho. roso from liis cliair, "I never felt sucli ah exhilaration before. I'm positively thrilled at tlio prospect of nobbling/ tho Spaniard." , . ' 'fit- will eortainly ho brio of; tho finest coops in naval; or military history," said the major. Tho colonel returned, to the' bridge, and resumed his placo at tlio captain's side. " Sho's almost a kiiot nourer thau whon you wont below," said tho captain. ."Then sho's u knot noaror -hor doom," replied tho colonel, chcbrfnUy. "I'm sorry I can't see it, npyot," -said tho oajitaiii. " She's a knot nearer kiioakiug iis out of tlio water, if wo don't linul down tho flHg. You must remember that wo offer a mugnifieont target to tho Spaniard. Ho could hull us now if ho liked, easuy— that isj if lie's got anyone on board- who oan shoot. Wo loom oat of tho water liko a liugo building ; hut ub for him, why lio's like a raft ut present. Wo couldn't hurt iiim, evon if wo oonld get the gunB well on to liirn. So you see, I oan't quite look at the matter as you seem to regard it." " Then listen, and toll mo what you think of my scheme,", said tho colonel. He was a man of fow words, and soon, expounded his idea. "How's that for smartness P" he nuked. Tho captain strokod his chin, . than gave a low whistle of surprisa. '" Smart isn't (ho word for it," ho said. " Bnt what about tho law of nations ?" " A good donl of its unwritton, and there fore oughtn't to trouble us," said the colonol. " And us for that point, all's fair, you know, in lovo or will'." " Suppose wo did it, what would ihov sny nt homo ?" "It does'nt need much thinking what they'd say," answered tho colonel, enthusiastically. " By Jovo ! I cim just imagine it. What would thoy say to our saving cur bacon, anil lidding a good deal more to it P What could they say that wasn't agreeable ?" "SuppoKo wo did it," said tho captain, "how about tlio peoplo who nro to follow usf How would thoy- fare? You know, nil the ships in tho British mercantile inurino are not as large and swift and well-manned as the State of Georgia." '"Suffioicnt unto tho day is -the evil thereof,'" said the colonel, who was partial to quotations. " What you say is truo, .but mi. ember, wo should rcmovo from tlio senB tho most dreaded nnd most dangsrohs jiBst. Once get hor," tho oolonol pointed to the Don Alfonzo, " out of tho way, and thoro isn't muoh left to molest our merchant cruisers. Tho mutter's iu li nutshell— without you 1 can do nothing. If you think fit to surrender, then I can say no moro. Wo haul down the flog quietly and cavo in, and wo ahull huvo an opportunity of refleoting in dirty Spanish prisons, nnd living' on dirty Spanish fare. All I suggest is a hit of strategy. Wo have much tii lnso nnd much to gain— but. inihiitoly more of tho former. Which shall it bo?" "I ulwoys had a fanoy for tho winning side," said tho captain, with a laugh, "and it's wonderfully strong with me just now. I'm with yoii." "Tlion I'll make my preparations, and you'll do with your own mon as you think, best." ,/ Tho colonel descended to the cabin onco more, and. joined tlio officers who were stand ing talking there. " I'vo explained your soliomo, sir," said tho sonior major, " and there haBii't been a voice raised against it." "That's satisfactory," said tho colonol. ".Now, Wliyte," ho continued, turning to the ndjutunt, "fall in tho buttalion, and I'll bp up in a minute or two to toll them wliut I Jiave to say." Tho adjutant took tho stops leading to tho deok tlireo at a timo, nnd being a smart mun mid fall of tlio oxaitemont of a prospective adventure, ho had the battalion fallen in and proved in ton minutos. Tho men stood to their urms in their white hoiinets and scarlet korsoys, paoked liko Manx kippers in a box, and tho heart of tho adjutant thumped with prido ns he behold tliom. " Good Lord !" he muttored, " to think of all those fino follows giving up tho ghost to a dirty foreigner with novor a fight' for 'it ?" Thoro woro sundry other Una follows on board but tlioy wore of tho sou, and nndor tlio command of tbo naval inen, and wore therefore no concern of his. "As for tho honour of it about whioh tho major hud said so mnoh, honour lie 'Shun," ho snapped, without finishing his sentence, for tho oolonel hud just come up from bolow. . "Now, lads," said tho colonel, "we're in for a smart hit of work." A murmur of approval wont down tho ranks. Ono or two youngsters, who had never seen anything smarter thiin a raviowby u royal dnko, oriod, " Hooray !" their oxclto- ment hoing more than they could cAnveni- ently hold. "Tho man who speaks aliovo a whisper ngnin will ho hurried off to tho cells," said the oolonol. "And it isn't muoh of tlio fun ho'll sco from thoro." There was profound stillness, and tlio colonel wont on, . - " Absolute siloneb is the first essential in carrying out tho schorao tlmt lids boon determined upon. Remember that. Thou each mun is to do as ho is ordered, ' and lio's not to ask why. Roraombor that also. As you all know, wo're boing obiisod by a Spanish cruiser. You're aware of thnt, because yoii'vo seen lior; She's climbing hiuui over heels to lis, and in two or three hours wo shall fall.into lior olntohes." ' Tho battalion started. They had , antici pated muoli, hut iiot tliis. ' ' ' ! "That is," uddodtho colonol drily, after u iauso, " Unless wo do something to prevont The battalion was itself again, and the colonel wont, on: . "A sohemo ., lias boon doviaod by whioh, instead '.of falling u prize to her, she'll full a prizo to us.' It'll need smart oiigineoring/ but it cim be done. I' expect that it will oomo off -without any bloodshed, but if it is n oiiso of a stiff fight .1 look to all to maintain tho honour of the regiment." i : In spite of what ho bad siiffi about silenoo, thoro was a doop. growl of aequiosnonoo from tho battalion. There are oxeoptions to all rules, and tho oolonol looked upon tills us ono, and passed it ovor. Had tho roou remained mute, ho would huvo been sore ut lioart. "The ship -will be so worked," ho con tinued, "as to mako it npponr thnt wo surrender. If wo don't do that wo shall soon havo tho Spaniard's shot cutting through ub. Yon know, for purposes of naval warfare this ship is nothing more tluin a colossal tin- kottlo, It'R liko putting uu old Brown Bess against tho Loo-Motford— and -..we're tlio Brown Bess." .... The men did' not know oxaotly what tlio eolohel meant by Ids Bimile, but they thought Brown Bess must bo .something -bud, and were satisfied. " Tlio oruisor,'' continued tiio colonel; "is now within range — that proves it." As lie spoke, there was a load orasli on the hall, and one of tho mnohinb' guiis was dis- mantled by tbo Don Alfonzo s first abet. Tho shot was-a-lnoky ono, and was no oredit to the Spanish gunnory.-. All tho same.- it oaiiRea tlio captain to send in u' hurry for tho oolonel. The colonel hastened off. " You know tho rest," lto said to tho sonior major. "Explain it, and then havo the inen posted. There is'nt a moment to lose." . " If -wo'ra to aot as you sugg03t," said tho oaptain. .when tho colonol hud gained tlio bridge, "tho soonor wo do it tho hotter. Hallo, there goes another. Ho can fire all day ut tlmt rate, and not hurt anybody. What's tho first part of tho progrnmmo !" " Slaekon speed, "said tho colonol . "Tbut'rt easily done," snid tho captain. Tlio telegraph doesn't quito fit tho prcsont situation, so I'll havo tho chief otigmoor np for a momont, find tell him just what wo want. 'Wo mustn't cavo in ton easily or that might urouso suspioiou on board tho Spaniard." . Tlio chief appeared liottor and dirtier than over, for ho had boon poking into all sorts of 'comers and doing all sorts of things to goad the Btnto of Georgia on half a knot fnstor. "Slacken down a trifle, just so that tho oruisor can ovorhaul us nicely, and not too easily— a couple of knots an hour will do it," said tlio captain. Tho chief stared hard. Ho could not understand. " Oil, it's all right,''- laughed tho colonol.' " Wo'ro not going to givo. your beloved twin engines away, any moro than we're going to muko a present to tlio Spaniard, of our own precious citronses. Wu'ro trying a now movo in tho art of war." I , The ohiof grinned and disappeared. A tremendous loud hud been - lifted from his mind. Aftor all, it was hotter to try another movo, for ill his secret soul lio had been oxpoo.ling ovbry moment ' tlmt ho und miiny more would ho blown sky-high - through, tlio explosion of tho State of Georgia's hoitors. So fur tho burden of raspousibifity lmd been oh hiin, uml it was a relief to got, it on, tho shoulders of satneono ehiu.; _ : ' During tlio next half-hour tho Hawk-liires hud been told off to thoir Stations, and tho Don Alfonzo hud gained so inuoh.iu tlio ohuso that sho was within easy signalling distance and easy rungo. . By war of piroving tlio latter she sent several shots ' unpleasantly near tho Stnto of Georgia, and finally sent oho whistling over tho heads of tho captain nnd tlio colonel. " Tho tiino isn't, fitr off." said tho colonel, "for tho old flag to como down." "No," agreed the captain, "I think the sooner it's ilnno tlio bettor for tho State of Georgia und hor crew — to say1 nothing of tho lBt Hawkshire Regiment." The captain telegraphed to tho engine- room. and tho State of Georgia slowed down to lialf-speed ; then lio called a quarter master to his side and ordered IiiiA to huul down tho flag. At tlio sumo timo lie signalled onco moro bolow and tho ougiues of the great -liner stopped. , Tho Don Alfonzo carno leaping on, nnd the banner of England fluttered down, and lay m a limp heap at the foot of tho polo-mast. Tho quartermaster would havo rolled it up, bnt the captain slionted, " Leavo it ns it is, and standby tho tmllhirds to hoist again when I givo tho word." The oruisor enmo np to secure hor pray. Her oaptain was puzzled. Ho knew thut victory 111 tho and was certain, but lio had not expected such uu easy triumph ns this. Ho dashed up to tlio State of Georgia in reusing fashion, and a bout was got in readiness to fiut him on board of her. His ideas were united, and it had not occurred to him thnt tlio great steamship might bo sheltering something more than 11 more crow of peaceful merchantmen. Iu the ecstusy of ids soul lie muttered prayers, and promised largo rewards to the Holy Mother Church that had so handsomely favoured him. AH the time lie was forging up to tho State of Georgia. Tho thousand men of the Hawkshire Regiment wero crouching under ovcry setup of slioitor tlioy could find, and wero lying low nndor every open port-hole from which thoy could fire upon the Don Alfonzo. There was muoh panting- from exoited men, and muoh nervous handling of the most deadly rifle that ever the genius of mun invonteil. " Oh, my stars ! " murmured n recruit, ns I10 saw from a hidden corner tho Don Alfonzo approach, "what a herd o' oattlo for tho butchers ! Hor decks are as thick with moil as " "Your skull, you cursed oliattor-box," snurled tho sergonnt of liis section. " ,Tust you say another word and I'll jam your tooth lis far into your throat that you'll novor speak moro. A Ye don't want this show spoiling by the pilling of a pup liko you." The State of Georgia relied gently to tlio swell as the Don Alfonzo lunged slowly up, for hor engines hud been nearly stopped, and sho had only way enough to briug.hor neatly abreast of her quarry: Tho Don Alfonzo oame alongside, and her captain stepped into the bout tlmt was lowered and went 011 hoard tlio State of Georgia. Tho captain und tho colonol received him with great ceremony- as he gained tho deok. "I will, gentloman," said tho Spaniard with _ magnificent pomp, speaking in good English, "I will receive your swords and. hand them to iny coxswain. Your own great Nelson did so from my countrymon, and I would now return the honour." "If you will kindly oomo forward," said tho captain, "I will go through ono or two, little preliminaries boforo discharging thai; interesting hilt painful duty." " What a splendid vossol ! How suporb ! What a floating eastlo ! " exclaimed tlio Spaniard in rapture, ns ho scanned tho State of Georgia. "What 11 prizo for my king and country ! What a victory for 1110 ! Gentle men, your swords ! " "Before we part. with thorn," said the colonol, with the most polished politeness, "may I anil your attention to two or throe littlo things? In the first place, wo oan sweop your deoks from stem to stern — all your men are helpless. Sco, thoy have arowded themselves ubout, and being without arms fnr tlio most part, are as holpless ns a flock of slicon before tho slaughterers.' You lioto that point P" " Having noted it," proceeded tho colonol, " permit' mo to onll your uttention to another matter. Look here. There are u thousand British infantry und two hundred British seamen in readiness to swoop tlio Don Alfonzo with their - rifles. Each soldier oarriea his Leo'-Motford, and the magazines nro full.. In one-third of a minuto — that's allowing plontv of tiino— I could send ten thousand Leo-Metford bullets to flatten 011 tho docks of tlio Don Alfonzo. That's saying nothing about tlio guns we iiavo on hoard, and all tlio guns' crews nro at their stations. Now, ouptuin, wIiobo sword is to he surrendered?". fl nm .diabolically, trapped !" oxolniined tho Spaniard, glancing despairingly" at tho cruiser, " hut I nm ; helpless. . Ah ! niy unhappy crow, and my still more unhappy self! , . ., . , ; "Rosistanoo from you is/iisolcss,'' said the coloiiel. "Ifyour crow mnlco a single effort .to go to thoir quarters wo shall fire. ' Will you order your . mon to haul down . the Spanish flag? Wo havo', tho. English flag ready to hoist ns soon as \vo got on hoard.' ' Tlio Spaniard spoke to his ooxswaiu, and lio and tho boat's nroiy. rotiiriicd to the Don Alfonzo. Tho officer iu oliargo refused to take tho coxswain's' "message, for ho could not boliovo it. lis shouted to his captain for ardors, hut ho found iiosolnoe in them, anil the banner of his country fluttered down. , Tlio colonel gave tlio ardor, 'iiud thu soldiors of tho lstHawksliiro Roglinoiit appeared like mugio on tlio State o£ Georgia's upper deck, and hold thomselvcs in readiness to fire upon tho Cruiser at the Word of command. \- The gatiio wns up, and tho Spaniard Bnw it. He took off his sword and handed it to tlio colonel. Tlio colonol accopted tho woapon with a profound bow. "My uncestors foriglit against you throe centuries ugo," . snid the Spaniard with cold scorn, "but thoy did not not in this way. They fought like gontlemon in those duys." "Times havo changed "since thon," said tho colonel, toying witli tho sword, and smiling. "You see, it isn't so much a matter now of doing tho gontleinan as doing the enemy." Tho Spaniard did not understand the idiom, and ho maintained a sullen silence. " It's nil a matter of strategy," oxplained tho colonel, seeing tlmt his little joko had failed. "I do not understand you," said the Spaniard, coldly. "Perhaps the Dou would' liko : to rest awhile," suid tlio colonel, who by no means liked the Spaniard's tone nnd attitude. He turned to tho adjutant and said, " Will you kindly show him into my cabin, and seo that evory courtesy und attention is paid to him?" Tlio Spaniard bowed stiffly, and walked off with tlio adjutant. A strong armed foree was sent on board tho orulspr, eovorod by tlio vrhola Lee- Mctforda of tlio Hawkaluro men. The boats' crows boarded the prize; and tho English flag- fluttered out iu tlio breeze. There was a lusty ohoov as tho folds1 opened, and another its tlio lust of tho prisoners ware transferred to tho Stnto of Georgia, and tho two vessels got under weigh, , " Lot's muko 11 bee-line for the Rook," Bsid tlio oolonol, " and ho hanged to the man who can't take his licking like a soldier. I wonder," ho mused, "if wo shall bo nllowod to add 'Don Alfonzo' to the buttle honours of tho Hawltshircs, or will tliu navy olaim tho glory of this day's deed ?" 