UNCLlfl BLA'K lil'S LEGACY Tt was a rainy, dreary day in May. I sat in in y shabby i.-fiica m Temple- street, and gaeed d-s-o; Nolately at the few people who passed,' while I puffed at- a cigar and thought of the future. I had been in my presont quarters, with the ?sign', Harry Blake, Counsellor at Law, swing ing above my door yust six months, and in all that tune I hau not been consuuett oy a single client:.; My parents were dead ; there had been barely enough money left from- my father's estate to educate mo for the bar, and none for my present expenses. Now poverty stared me m the face, and my meditations wore anything but pleasant. Thnj; wereluterrupted by the postman, who handed mc two letters. One announced the death of my father's brother, Charles Blake, and the other 'was a copy oE his will, wherein he bequeathed his property to me, suid property consisting of an estate on the extreme coast of Maine. This bequest, however, had one condi tion : I must reside for at least a year in Cliff House, as tho estate was called. Under present circumstances I did not hesi tate about submitting to this desire of my eccentric uncle, and at once started on my journey. The weather had cleared, and the bright rays of the iiooulide suu shone on the broad streets and glassy yards of Clifton as the train stopped at the station.. I gazed around me with delight. The change from the paved streets of the city to this village, with its grass and trees, was a very pleasant one. ' I went at once to the office of the lawyer who had .charge of my uncle's private papers. He was: a middle-aged man of kiudly appearance, with keen bluo eyes and grey hair and beard. He greeted me cordially when I introduoed myself ; but when I told him of my intention to live on the estate in accordance with the J etuis of the will, he shook his head doubtfully. Your uncle trezted you unfairly in requir ing you to reside where he would not live himself.' I was surprised; ' Whv. I tkoueht he died in Cliff House.' ' No, he rented a cottage here in the village ; has done so for several years. He declared that his own home was haunted.' ' Haanted ! Is it possible that anyone in these days could entertain so absurd a belief ? ' ' Well, Mr. Blake, you aro young, and can laugh at such things ; but all the villagers agree in giving the place a bad name. Strange noises have been heard there at night, and lights flit about the grounds at all hours. There's, some thing wroDg in the Cliff, and your uncle evi dently intended' you to clear up the matter. Have you courage ?' ' I am not afraid of anything that livea.' ' Do you carry a weapon ?' . . 'No.' J ' Then buy yourself a revolver at once, for you may need it. Malcolm Strong, my nephew, is one of the best shots in the county. I will ask him to stay with you for a white.' ' ' Thank you ; I shall be glad of his company. But if we are to fight ghosts two will be no better than one.' '1 he lawyer gave me a look of deep meaning. ' It is useless to fence with you, I see,' he said, ' and I may as well tell you what I think of this matter, There have been large quanti ties of liquors, silks, and woollen drees goods from time to time sold by several merchants in Augusta — and no one knows where or when they were obtained The Customs officials are sure that goods came from Canada, and equally sure that no duty was paid on them. Now Cliff House is on a bluff overhanging the sea, and at low water there are revealed several caves directly under it which can be easily reached by means of boats. 1 bave explored every one of them at different times, but found none that aDDcared to be used. Nevertheless. I am con vinced that there you will find the smugglers' den. He paused, apparently enjoying my surprise This is interesting, if true,' I remarked. ' Yeu are sceptical ? Strange things happen even in these prosaic days. .Now;Mr. Blake, do you still intend to reside ia Cliff House ? ' ; ?» Most assuredly-.'' . ' Then yeuug Strong must stay with you for a time. . One can watch while the other sleeps, and in that way you: cannot be surprised should the ghosts appear. If my suspicions are correct it will not be long befofe you make some dis-' nnvprv: -.Knll.-iw Malcolm's dirpr.ftioiMi nnd trust to his wit and judgment.' I hadn't much faith in the lawyer's story, but as 1 W86. fond of company, and rather dreaderl the loneliness of Cliff Housr, I readily consented to his plan. - 1 found Strang to be a fine looking .. fellow, tall and squarely bo lit, with dark eyes and hair. His movements were quicK - and restless, and his manner was frank and hearty.. I felt sure we should become good triends. The next two days were -spent in exploring my new possession. The houso hed live large roi ms on the. ground floor, besides kitchen, - store-room, and pantries, all well-furnished. There was a long hall on the second floor, with bedrooms o)eniog from it on either side ; at the eud'wiis a door opening on a balcony over looking the ocesn. From the balcony a flight of stairs led down to . the lop of the cliff ; a narrow path out into the rock wound down to the beach below, ~ l We made a careful survey of the grounds and -outhouses ;; and the next day, atlow water, ex plored the caves. The largest cave was directly under the he-use. It was a long, narrow passage, extr uding straight ahead from the en trance for several rods ; then it abruptly divided into two paths, turning to the right and left. Both were tvribinatr d at a little distar eo by a solid wall of rock.' We sounded it and ran our hands over. the sides to see if there were any crevices, all to no purpose. The other two caves were lower down, and at high tide filled with water. ? . y ? -'' .The large cave is .the only one that is reallv accessible, ''..said Malcolm.. ' As my uncle says, nntlnncr rnulil hn fftfiipr than f.n run » Rsvat nlnen to the shore and unload hr r, - concealing the goods in some safe coiner — ' '.Which :we huve uot fonud.' ?; .-. -Which we have not yet; found,', he con cluded. 'Patience, Blake; this is no wild g- ose (.base, though yoixLvii'ently think it is.' ' I belong to the muetei nth century, Strong.' *' Which hopes nothing, respiets nothing,' believes nothing. W ell, we' shall see.'*- ] .* . Atrw --.I.,-. J- i.'«- ; r- -1 ? f--r: .v ior.uiytuu.uu ! up our &Doae; bd Ulut House the next day, and that evening I dropped ? into the largi st s'oru m the village to buy a I revolver. The preprieior, a man of forty odd yiars, with rather a p'e.saut expression of iCqunnnaute, -waited upon me himself, and dis played an interest in my affaiis which was rail er gratifying tLan otherwise. He seemed surprised when I totd him of my .luteution to live in the old house, and gave me ' a version of the ghost stoiy which was calcu- ? lated to api-at the stoutest heart ; but I merely ; laughed at it. i ' Ynn'ge lo ng a resky thing, Mr. Blake,' he : said, lalLer rcseutiug my levity ; ' a very uwuot iO llUUUlCd iltt.V-iro JVS i stand he c, and you'd bettirkeep away fi- jmit.' | ?Y!.,4Hauntevl by flesh and blood, -Mr. Jordan! ' if.-: by,; an - i Hipg,'' L lightly n joined. ;. -'.-A rid the ' lhan- Avlio;.- comes/ tresspassing; onlny propel ty - had best Joi k to h nisi If.' '-?You doTi'l mi an tin t jou'd really shoot p ' ' Wouldn't I ? Well, if any muc'mevous boy S:ha\:e!;fhebii..-pliij ing tricks, on the villagers Jy lua-qui lading xs gliosis, thev'd bet.i'r give up a wii'e b- rth.'- 1 ?Mr. Jordon-- said no more, but looked at me as though I wero little short of a monster. I laughingly bade him good-night and went my way. Strong and I moved to the Cliff Honsa next day, and at 9 o'clock that evening went to our room, which vvas near the door opening on tho balcony. Malcolm initiated on watching the first half of the night. Though I laughed at him, ho persisted in taking the matter seriously . '?Not that 1 expect to see or hear anything,' he said. 'You and I know that ghosts do not walk ; and if my uncle's theory is correct, as, whatever you may think, I have no doubt it is, the smugglers will do nothing till they have frightened us away, or tried to. But it will do no harm to watch.' Malcolm was right. Nothing happened either that night or the next. On the third, as we sat watching tbe ocean from the balcony window, something came crashing through it and fell on the floor. I dropped on my knees and groped around till I found it — a stone wrapped in paper. Striking a light we examined the sheet ; on it were written tho following words : — 'Mr. Harry Blake: — If you value your lifo.do not attempt to stay in this house. Be warned, or take the consequences.' There was no uarae signed, but the penman ship was plainly that of an uneducated man. Malcelm smiled grimly as he folded the note and put it caret ully in his pocket-book. ' I knew the rascals would try to frighten us away,' he said. ' This bit of paper may be of use in convicting some of them. I am going to take another look at that large cave to-morrow. The warning proves we are on the right track. Don't you agree with me ?' ' Well, there seems something in the matter, after all,' I admitted. ' Something ? Everything I The smug glers' den is near, and I am bound to find it.' ' And if you ds ?' ' Then we must lie in wait for tho rascals and secure them and'their boat.' 'Shall we need any help in capturing them ? ' ? . 'I think not. They are probably nothing more formidable than a country merchant and a loafer or two. The capture will not cover us with glory, Harry ; but it will be a satis faction to lay the ghosts that disturbed the peace of your poor old uncle.' Next day we took our fishing tackle and rowed out toward the cliff. After waiting a while to make sure no one was watching us, we made for the caves. Again we went over the interior of the larger one with apparently no better success than before. Malcolm had just said, ' WcU, Harry it is no use : we shall have to give it up,' when a large rat darted past him and vanished apparently in ths solid wall between the two openings. He sprang after it and thrust his hand into a small hole near the ground that in the dark ness we had not seen. ' I have it.' he cried, and gave a push to the iron that his hand struck. To our astonishment a portion of what we had thought solid rock swung outward, reveal ing an opening and a flight of stairs. Bracing tbe stone door so that it could not swing back and shut us in, we ascended the stairs and found ourselves in a large vault ; the boxes and barrels with which it was partly filled left us in no doubt of it being the smugglers' hiding place. Malcolm was delighted with our success, while I was now as excited as he was. After carefully closing the door we resumed our sport, and then with a good string of fish returned to Cliff House for dinner. ' Now for our plan ef action,' said Malcolm ' Wo must go to tho village this afternoon and take good care to be seen there, not returniDg until dusk. I feel sure the smugglers will try to land some goods soon — perhaps to-night, if wo let it be understood in the village that we shall remain there until to- morrow. We could go to the cave and mount guard, one in each of the passages. When the men came we should be ready for them,' he ended, laughing grimly. All went wedl. At eight o'clock that night we were in our places. Two hours passed, and then we beard the muffled dip of oars. Soon the sound of whispering followed, and two men came towards us bearing a large box between, them. They aet it down in front of the vault. ' Shall I look in the passages r' asked one. ' No,' said the other. ' I saw both Mal colm and young Blake m the village just before I started ; they told me they intended to stay there to-night, so thero is no danger. I want to get away as soon as I can. I may be missed in the store. Hark ! What was that P' I coufil not prevent a slight start as the rays of the lantern tbey earned at that moment shone across the speaker's face and I recognised Mr. Jordan, the merchant in whose store I had been only three days before. ' Nothing but those pesky rats,' replied the other. ' But come, Ben will got tired of wait ing in the boat alone, and we must harry.' Opening the door they picked np the box and slowly climbed the stairs. Malcolm and I advanced noiselessly. We knew we must capture those two quietly so as not to alarm the man in the boat. Half way across the vault they dropped the box and turned, only to confront our gleamiog revolvers. ' Not a word or we shoot,' I said. . The men were taken by surprise and made no resistance. They were soon bound, and then we started to secure the third man in the boat. In tbe darkness he took us for his companions and said angrily — ' Ibeems to mo it takes you a mighty long time to carry in one box. At thin rate wo shall tie all night m unloading the craft.' Silently we stepped into the boat and covered him with our revolvers. With a ery of alarm he spraug for the shore, but his-foot. slipped, and he landed in the water. He was polled, cursing and struggling, into tbe boat, and.sscured like bis comrades ; then we returned for our other prisoners and rowed to Clifton. ?Great was tho astonishment m that quiet town when ,we arrived there, especially whea Lawrence Jordau, the trusted merchant, was found to be one of our prisoners. The smugglers were duly tried and convicted, Malcolm fationg received a handsome rewardfor capturing them, while I lwed m peace and seeurity in Cliff House, thus making good my title to my uncle's estate. 