Political. Y THE LOBBYIST. " We want do armies," says Mr. Haynes, " Your electors' rights are aU the weapons you want in this country." Mr Oopeland says that his electioneering expenses since his first attempt to get into Parliament, have amounted to £4000. At Parramatt last week, Mr Crick, M.P., paid a high tribute to the administrative ability and political strategy of Premier Reid. Federation Candidate W E Abbott, from the wilds of Wingen, refused to accept his free railway pasB, and returned it to the Government. The six Australian colonies (including Tasmania) have 642 members in their Upper and Lower Houses; aggregate cost £275,000 per annum. The Colonial Treasurer has authorised .the acoepfcanoe of the tender of Messrs John Vicars and Co. for the manufacture and supply of 40,000 blankets. Mr. Norman Selfe, the well-known engin eer, believes in sinking the fiscal issue and says, "Hang all the Freetraders and drown all the Protectionists." The Americans have been trying for 40 years to tear down their Senate, which governs the country in the interests of the great moneyed trusts and in defiance of the people ? Lord Bosebery (a member of the House of Lords), once described the American Senate as a " party body of one complexion that rendered the name of freedom a cruel mockery?" " I've a brother a lawyer," says Haynes, M.P. " He's the only one of the family that ever went wrong. I haven't asked him for his opinion on Federation-he might charge me for it." Mr. Haynes says that Mr. J. C. Nield, who is now in England, had the words 41 Major General J. C. Neild" painted in white letters on his portmanteau and boots when leaving for England. An Elector; " You can't stop the alien races coming into the colony under the British constitution." Mr. Haynes: " Oh, yes we can ; we stopped the Chinamen. I don't know, how you got in." " The ory of defence," Mr. Haynes says, " was first raised when were told that there were 400,000,000 Quong Tarts coming over from China, to capture Australia. They tried to frighten us with pig-tailed ghosts." Sixty-five years ago the House of Com mons shrieked in derision when the peti tion to extendi the franchise to women was rpad. To-day it passes a similar £ill by a majority of 71 votes. The world doeB move after all. " What about Crick ?" said an elector to Mr. Haynes. " Oh 1 Crick's all right," said the irrepressible John. " I dealt with him quickly and made him change his ad dress in five minutes from Bondi to the In firmary." Mr. Haynes : " Some men went into Parliament for social reasons, and as soon as they got in they puffed out their chests like pouter pigeons, and contracted opthal mia, which prevented them from seeing the men who had worked for them before the declaration of the poll." Blondin was always fond of a joke. When he went to Melbourne, over twenty years ago, he had to pay about £200 duty on his luggage. " Sacre t" he said afterwards to a newspaper man, " I should like to carry a Protectionist across the rope once, just once. I make him a Freetrader." Mr. Haynes; " I've been a public man of many parts for years. I was in jail once." A voice : " You ought to be there now." Mr. Haynes: "Yes, of course; as governor over you. Now, I wouldn't have said a word about meeting that gentleman in Darlinghurst only he interrupted me." Wilks, M.P., got home the other day on Aid. Milne, of Balmain, who proposed the toast of "Parliament" at a banquet and spoke harshly, about its members. Wilks said, " No Parliament that did not include the proposer of the toast could be right in that gentleman's eyes." Milne is a per petual parliamentary candidate it appears. " Mr. Bruce Smith," says Mr. Haynes, " is another splendid specimen oi a demo crat. He objected to payment of Members, wouldn't draw his screw, and left it lying in the Treasury for two years. When he was thrown out, however, he went down to thtf'Treasury in the middle of the night, gbt dbwn the chimney, and collared the lot, and it's a jofiy good jdb the Treasury safes were locked.* " Even when the Federal Constitution is framed and accepted by the Parliament of this colony s majority of votes must decide the acceptance of the bill, but the total number of the majority votes must not be Iobs than 50,000. That is to say, if 50,000 people vote is favour of the bill and 49,000 against it the bill is accepted, but if 49,999 voted for it and 49,000 against it fcto bill would be rejected* 