QUEEN ELIZABETH'S GHOST. A remarkable story is published in the Daily Mail of 9th February, to the effect that Lieutenant A. St. Leger Glyn, 3rd Battalion Grenadier Guards, has seen Queen Elizabeth’s ghost in the library at Windsor Castle. The following statement was made by the Lieutenant’s mother, the Hon. Mrs Carr Glyn, to the Mail investi gator :— ‘ It is perfectly true that my son has witnessed something abnormal. He was, he tells me, sitting in the library of Windsor Castle reading a book—“ The History of Dorsetshire,’ to be exact. As he read, he became aware of someone passing in the inner library. He looked up and saw a female figure in black, with black lace on the head, falling on to the shoulders. The figure passed across the library towards a corner which was out of view as my son sat, and he did not take much notice, thinking it was some body reading in the inner room. This was just upon 4.in the afternoon, and an attendant soon afterwards came up to close the place. My son asked who the lady was who was at work in' the inner room, and the attendant replied that no one else was in the library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before walked across the inner room. “ Then where could she be?” asked the attendant, having ascertained that no one was in the inner room. “ She must have gone out of a door in the corner,” said my son, indicating a corner to which the figure had passed. “ But there is no door,” Baid the attendant. My son said no thing about this incident, and did not think much about it, I understand, until Mr Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, the attendant having mentioned the matter to Mr Holmes. Asked by Mr Holmes to describe the figure he had seen, my son did so, and Mr Holmes replied that my son had seen the apparition of Queen Elizabeth. Mr Holmes added that there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieutenant Glyn was the first man in our time who had seen it. The Dean of Windsor also asked my son about it, and several members of the Royal family have interviewed him on the subject. As for Mr Holmes, I am given to understand that he has spent nights and days in the library since, in the hopes of being vouchsafed a visitation.’ The Hon. Sydney Carr Glyn, the famous Crimean veteran, and father of Lieutenant Glyn, here entered the room, and upon learning of the topic under discussion, said:—‘ If my son says he has seen anything, you may take it from us that he has seen it. He is a fresh honest English boy, only a subaltern, but fond of field sports, like most guardsmen, and, unlike some guardsmen, fond of reading. He wouldn’t exaggerate anything a hair’s breadth.’ Both the Hon. and Mrs Carr Glyn gave permission for the publication of this statement by their son, subject to the sanction of Lieutenant Glyn. On Sunday night a telegram was des patched to Lieutenant Glyn soliciting leave to give the story on his authority, and yesterday morning came the an swer :—‘ Certainly, if you like.—Glyn, Grenadiers, Islay.’ The representative of the Daily Mail next saw Mr R. R. Holmes, F.S.A.I the librarian of the Castle, and writes: —Mr Holmes conducted me to the scene of the alleged apparition. He pointed out the chair occupied by Mr Glyn, which stands on the east side of the first room, and I seated myself in it. Immediately before me was a large globe, looking past which a few steps lead up into a gallery, the sides of which are lined with books. On the south side of the gallery—which was built by Queen Elizabeth, and used by her as a picture gallery in which she was accustomed to walk, and where she devised, or reflected upon, those masterpieces of statecraft which have made her reputation what it is—stands a fine chimneypiece, over which a bust of the ‘Virgin Queen’ looks down somewhat severely upon the spot where her shade has been so recently seen. Mr Holmes says that this gallery has had the reputation of being haunted by the ghost of Queen Elizabeth from time out of memory. His own recol lection of the story dates from 27 years ago, and he has been in the habit of spending Hallowe’en in the gallery for several years in the hope of encounter ing her deceased Majesty. He had heard some rumor to the effect that the Empress Frederick had, when a child, seen an apparition in the gallery, and on her visiting Windsor next week hopes to secure some corroboration or denial of the rumor. 