Countrv Correspondence.. RAZORBACK (BLACKALL RANGE).. (from our own correspondent) A very enjoyable and successful tea and con- cert took place in the provisional school here on the 12th instant, the proceeds of which are to he devoted to the painting and fencing of the above building. The School Committee was indefatigable in their endeavours to make the affair a success. During the day they as sembled, and erected a booth in which the tables wore laid, and a very large numter of persons sat down to partake of the dainty fare provided, the catering being excellent. After tea the more energetic portion of the company. started some of those time-honoured games. which never appear to lose their freshness; and when the gathering dusk put an end to these revels, an adjournment was made to the school-room, where a goodly crowd was as sembled, and to say that the building was "well filled" would not begin to describe its condition. The Chairman (Mr. E. D'Alton) opened the- proceedings by giving a statement of the expenditure in connection with the build. ing, &c.;, of the school, and the amount of local contributions. MlissD'Alton then favoured the audience with an overture (piano), which was listened to with close attention; after which a play, entitled "The American Post-boy," was enacted. The part of the jovial Postman was taken by Mr. Wells, while Miss Smith figured as Miss Rosie; and Mr. F. Smith was her "lover." This piece fairly convulsed the audience, and the acting elicited hearty applause, Then came a solo, "Barney Take Me Home Again," sung with great feeling by Miss E. D'Alton; while Mr. Westaway "brought down the house" by his rendering of the comic song "The Ship That First Brought Me Over;' and when. he appeared again he submitted a very pretty song, "Out in the Cold." The amusing duet "Money, Money," sung with great spirit by Miss and Mr. J. D'Alton, was universally. considered one of the best items given. Mr. Morrison's song, "A Ha'porth of Tar," created great amusement, as did one by Mr. Wells, "Love Among the Roses." "The Little Vulgar Boy," a recitation by Mr. Muirbead,. was very laughable. • "A sweet song, sweetly sung, "fitly describes Mrs. J. D'Alton's solo, "Dreamland Faces." Miss Palmer then gave a recitation, "Left Behind," after which Mr. Laverack sang "My Pretty Jane;" and Mr. E. DAlton followed with a solo "Rest;" and he did full justice tothis beautiful composition. A very creditable performaincse was a musical duet by Mr. F. Smith (organ) and Mr. Wells (tin whistle), and this received deserved applause. Mrs. Westaway was in good voice in both her solos, "The Sailor's Grave" and "Our Hands have met, but not our Hearts." What was probably the chief feature of the evening's entertainment was a farce. "The Four'O'Clock Train," in whlch Mr. Westaway acted the role of "hotel proprietor" to perfec tion, and Mr. Wells was quite the orthodox swell "coloured gentleman;"' while Mr. Smith. was the. '" ghost." The. appearance of this supernatural visitor did not appear to have the . awe-inspiring effect on the audience that one would naturally expect such an awful appari tion would create -indeed it seemed rather.to. provoke merriment than awe, but we must remember how narrow a line divides the sub lime from the ridiculous. Throughout the piece the acting was splendid, and the actors had the undivided attention of the house. At the conclusion of the programme, the Chairman proposed hearty votes of thanks to Mr. Smith and Mr. J. D'Alton for the use of their organ and piano respectively. An adjournment was. then made to the booth, where supper was served; and quite a pretty sight it was to see this rustic supper room, lit by lanterns, the white tables covered by tempting viands, and surrounded by happy. pleasure seekers. After supper the school was cleared for dancing, and the devotees of terpischore disported themselves till morning. Financially, too, the gathering was a success, as about £10 worth of tickets were sold; and, when all expenses are paid, there will be about £5 to go towards improving the school. A. very interesting cricket match was played at Palmwoods on the 9th instant (Palmwoods v. Landsborough); and the throng of sight seers who had collected exhibited marked interest in the game throughout. Despite the fact that the Palmwoods eleven have only been a short time in existence as a team in com parison with.their opponents they won the day by two runs - a scanty triumph, but still a victory; and a forerunner, we hope, of more glorious ones in the near future. Our last Band of Hope meeting was very well attended, and was marked by enthusiasm. The programme was as follows:-Part song,. "All's Well," the Misses and Mr. Dalton; recitation, "Specially Jim," Mr. MIuirhead; solo, " Anchored,"' Mr. E. Dalton; reading, "Love in a Balloon," Miss Palmer; solo, Mrs. Butt; part song,." Parting," the Misses and Mr. Dalton; reading, "The Bishop and the Caterpillar," Miss Palmer; solo, "Little Nell," Mr. F. Morrison ; recitation, "The Drunkard's Home," Miss Vinlng; reading, How I Learned to Skate," Miss D'Alton recitation, " Bow he 'busted' the Temperance Lecturer," Mr. Muir- head. A dialogue, " Mr. Flutter's Mistatkes,' " caused much merriment; and the audience seemed to feel in sympathy with the poor bashful Mr. Flutter concealed behind the counter (whither he had fled when he beheld two mischief-looking girls approaching his shop), and while there being forced to listen to some very uncomplimentary remarks concern ing himself which these girls indulged in blessfully unconsciouis that the object of their criticism is writhing in secret. Finally Mr. Flutter is revealed, and the two critics are sadly embarrassed at his appearance. The meeting was closed in the usual way. 