The Salvation. Army. GREA'V "INDIAN DURlrIR." The Army services at tle local borracks, on Thursday evening last, were- of an un usual character, and special intesest was taken in the proceedines. The occasion was the visit of Captain Lsembruggrn who had been labouring in Indiadnathe cause of the Salvation Anny for some seven or eight years, but who is now stationed in. Too woomba. After the usual' preliminary openair meeting; at the Blackall- Founoain, an adjournment was made to the barracks, where there was a good attendlance.. Ad jutant Carmichael was in command, and there were also a number of officers hom other places present. A canopy, of green ery had been erected on the platform,-aod a number of the " soldiers" and lassies were dressed in the Hindoo costutue,-so that-an unuesually gay scenet was presented. After devotional exercises and the singing of " For India there's w Saviour," The Adjutant rose to address the meeting, and was greeted by onhearty "volley." He briefly introduced Captain Leesnbruggon, and made a few remarks about the work now being done by the Army in India.. Hb feelingly alluded to the death of Staff-Cap. tai- Horace Stephens, which had ;recently taken place in that country. He- (Captain' Stephensel was one of the finest men' he (the adjtan?t) had ever known, and ves . first- class linguist, being able to readhis Bible in the original Greek, and to speak five or six other languages, b4sideq whioh be wasw an asomplished musician. !Thank·iod for I ;such men He had only been indeIndia a, fiw weeks, when the Saviour called and crowned His warrior. He had been 'found dead in a railway carriage, but he (the speaker) believed that his life had not been spent in vain. The adjutant thn .called upon Captain Leombruggen to addiess -the gathering. Captain Leembruggei wqs warmly wel oomed, and he began by sinm~g a hymn in the Hindoo tongue, in the chorus ofrwhich he was assested by other "Hindooa."' He paid a tribute of respect to the memory of Sta~ff-Captain Stephens, and .then went on ao speak of his own experiences in. India. He said that he could not adequately. de scribe the privations which had to be en. dured by the Army soldiers in that- land. 'They adopted the dress of the natives,. and: this was done in order that they might reach the lowest castes of the people. Their action in this respect had been a- great sticeese. They had many hardships to en. dure in the prosecution of their work.;. but they took courage from the fact that the people admired them for their self.denial, and this helped them greatlydin their work.. The Hindoos simply worshipped a man who denied himself, and would do anything for him: the mainspring of Buddhism. being self-denial. But the real want of- the soldiers was some superhuman strength.to break the power of the Buddhist doctrine. (The speaker then imparted some interesting information regarding this- systeml of re tigion). Some of the Army people in India had to go hungry for days, and to sleep, in eaves at night, when they had to kindle fires in order to keep away the tigers and other wild animals, for these,.like the devil, were afraid of fire. He (the devil) went about "like aroaring lion. seeking whom he might devour," but the fire of the Holy Ghost was a protection, (Applause.) The speaker then gave some particulars of the habits of the people, and the great obstacle to Christian work which existed in the shape of the social system of castes which prevailed in the "land of temples." There were houses in which it was not safe for an Englishman to enter that was, those of the Brahmins. If, how ever, they went to a IBrahmin's house and asked for water, they were not refused, for the people were human, after all. Great amusement was caused by the speaker showing the method in which the water was •iven out. A servant held a vessel very much resembling a teapot at a considerable height, and poured out the water, which the recipient conducted to his mouth by making a spout of both hands. The drinker was not allowed to touch the vessel, lest he should pollute it. Other castes were not so particular, and the people not balonging to their castes were allowed to touch the brazen vessels with their hands, but not with the mouths, into which they lhad to pour the water from some distance above. Much merriment was caused by a novice trying, on the invitation of the speaker, to drink in this way-an attempt which was not altogether a success. The dress of the natives was next described, and ocular demonstration given of the eman?er in which the turban was "constructed." The speaker then gave some details of the Hlindoo marriage ceremony, anid also spoke of the taste for music possessed by tihe natives, describing and exhibiting several of their instruments. At the conchlusion of his address Captoin Leembruggen showed those present the way in whieh the Hin doos ate their rice and curry, which was responsible for great mirth. The meeting was closed in the usual way. 