Dramatic Notes. The Potter- Belle w season came to an end on the 2nd, when ' La Tosca ' was played in the after noon, and ' Francillon,' probably the most gener ally acceptable item of the repertoire, at night. The audiences throughout the week had fully taxed the holding capacity of Her Majesty's. The stars came to Australia ou the tour ju6t closed, intending to stay 4 months, and they have played 14. At the .finish of ' Francillon ' on the Friday, there were great calls ? for Mr. Bellew and Mrs. Potter. Mr. Bellew made a speech of thanks, and Mrs. Potter quoted from Rosalind's lines in the eniloerue of ' As You Like It — ' If I were among you I would kiss as many of you as had beards that pleased me . . . and I am sure as many as have good beards will for my kind offer, when I make ? curtsey, bid me farewell.' On Monday there was a great crowd to tee the two stars depart in the Australia for London. Mrs. Potter was mobbed by girls to whom she distributed her flowers. It is probable that they will appear in ' Francillon,' of which Mrs. Potter holds the English rights, and in that case they should make a great hit as it is, with ' Camille,' the best thing Mrs. Potter does, and Mr. Bellen^is also admirable in it. At Her Majesty's the Paul ton- Stanley Company opened on Saturday evening in 'A Night Out,' a farcical comedy by Feydeau and Desvallieres, pro duced at the London Vaudeville in April, 1896, and still running there. The first act did not specially impress people, but the second rendered them hysterical, and the third sent thein away, chuckling and chortling over what they had seen aud heard. A master builder, Pinglet, with a drum-major of a wife of 20 years' standing, sighs for romance, and finds it in the sentimental wife of his friend Paillard, an architect, who in revenge for her husband's failing, after five years of matrimony, to continue all the endearments of the honeymoon, -agrees to spend 'a night out' -with Pinglet. - In this they are assisted by the fact, that Paillard has been called away on business, and Mrs. Pinglet has to go to see a sick sister. Their plans are nearly upset by the advent of a relative with four girls', who descends on the Pinglet home with the avowed intention of staying, but whom Pinglet induces to go to look for an hotel. Further, there is an absurd school boy, whom kinglet's niece desires to initiate in the art of love. Act 2 show's two rooms, a passage, and the stairway 'of a not too reputable restaurant and hotel. It was to repbrt on this hotel that Paillard left his home, and he ' elects*' to sleep in an alleged haunted room. Then Mie. Palilard and Pinglet appear and also take a room. Next come the schoolboy and the girl. Then the old man and hiB four ^irls arrive and are shown by another waiter to the haunted suite, which Paillard had left to enjoy a game -of 'billiards. Ping let meantime had made himself sick trying t'» smoke a cigar and had had to seek fresh air. By the time he returned the old bore had discovered Mrs. Paillard and borne down on her with his daughters, and Pinglet costless, bursts in among -them. Then when later the four girls arediscribing in another room, thenow somewhat inebriated Paillard comes in to his room, and gfts into a curtained bed fully dressed, only to awake, with horror when what he believes to be four ghosts dance round his apartment. He makes head long to the opposite room, where Mr*. Paillard hastily jams her bead and face into Pinglet's silk, hat, and Pinglet blacks his iaca and charges the scared Paillard. Finally the boy and girl hear the dis turbance and rush into the ' haunted ' room, and the police are called in, and arrest Pinglet and Mrs. Paillard, who to save each one declare themselves husband and wife, each by the other's name. All thin kept the audience shrieking with laughter, and in the third act the ingenuity with which escape is sought from the complication kept the tun going to the end. Mr. Paulton as Pinglet proved to be a very diminutive comedian with a raucous voice and a manner of laughter impelling woe and solemnity. His love-making was rendered the more ludicrous in that Miss Alma Stanley, the romantic wife of Paillard is a handsome Amazon, about 6ft. high. Both ingratiated themselves with the audience very quickly. Mr. Ernest Shaud, the third of the English performers, played cleverly the part of the old bore with the daughters, aud Miss Louie Stafford was very smart as Pinglet's amorous niece, with Mr. C. M. Berkely as the schoolboy nephew of Paillard. A finished performance was that of Mr. Cecil Ward as Paillard, and Mrs. cryer was an owe inspiring Mrs. Pinglet. The whole action takes place within 24 hours. . Miss Maggie Moore has been doing good business at the Royal with 'Johanna,' which is to give place to-night (Saturday) to a new Irish comedy, entitled ' Mrs. Quinn's Twins.' Miss Moore is to be the mother of the twins, and Mr. H. R, Roberts their unfortunate teacher. . What the Tivoli can hold is a question which, is continually haviDg new solutions, but its holding capacity has been stretched even more than usual or late, and on Saturday night it was astounding to nna how many managed to pack into it. An exceedingly handsome first part ' Sapphonia,' was staged for the first time, with some 30 performers in rich and pretty costumes, half a dozen electric chandeliers, and scenery worthy of a pantomime. Amongst the per* formers in this part are Misses Rae Cowan, Ada Baker, Eva Clements, Messrs. Pope and Sayles, Master Gordon Hall, and Mr. Cogill. In the second part Mr. Bellman and Miss Lottie Moore give theu1 very clever sketch, the Stanfields have an attractive turn, Tom Wootwell, Miss de Grey, Misses D' Elrov and Lynne, and others appear. The sensation of the present programme is, however, the performance of the Avolos, three performers who do astounding things ou bars and ' perches.' By the way, it is announced that Mr. Rickards ^ has secured Mr. Lonnen, Miss Lethbridge, and Miss Addie Conyers, who were out here with the Gaiety Company, to appear in the Palace burlesque. Miss Elsie Adair won the suffrages of her audiences directly they Baw her dainty dancing at the Criterion. On Saturday night there was a new programme at the theatre, and a number of Americans were pre sent as it was the eve of the 4th. Apparently the prettv dancer over exerted herself, for she fainted on the stage, and had to be carried to her hotel, where Dr. Fiaschi has since declared that titie must have a month's complete rest, and that she must not dance again. General sympathy is felt for both Miss Adair and her husband, Mr. W alter V anderlip, under the circumstances. The company at the Criterion had to be disbanded. At Melbourne ' The Sign of the Cross ' made a triumphant beginning at the Princess's on Saturday night. The Selbmis also made a triumphant entry «-- *1,« rUon TTnnen ' Knlisn fllll ' IS Still the state of things with Mr. Bland Holt, who replaces ' A Life of Pleasure ' with ' The Cotton King,' a drama by Sutton Vane, to-night. ' Rip Van Winkle ' has been doing fairly good business at the Queen's, where it is to give way to 'La Fille de Madame Angot ' to-night. Here in Sydney the Lyceum is to be reopened to night by that remarkable acrobatic troupe, ' The Flying Jordans,' who in addition to the company that played at the Royal will have the assistance of Miss Lily Post, a singer for whom is claimed a con siderable American reputation. Miss Alma Stanley, whose portrait appears else where, began her stage career at the early age of 9\. She learned dancing at Milan, and was in the ballet at San Carlo, Naples. Next she studied singing. Amongst parts we know out here she created that of Vivienne Darville, in ' The Derby Winner.' Her favourite part is Pauline, in ' TJjy? Lady of Lyons,' which she played in a company of which Miss Ada Ferrar was ingenue, and which in cluded 'The School for Scandal,' 'The Jealous Husband,' ' The Clandestine Marriage,' and like pieces in its repertoire. She was the original Mrs. Ponderbury, and was wanted to create her present part in ' A Night Out,' but was not available at the time. 