An Aerial Phantom. AMONGST the strongest of all natural phenomena may be included tbat remarkable optical effects known as the mirage, or fata inorgnua, Tbe cause which produces this singular and somewhat rare spectacle is at present but imperfectly understood; it is however assumed that nn aqueous condition of the atmosphere must exist, sufficiently dense ns to form a sort of mirror, more or less concavc, upon which the objects in tbe vicinity nre reflected and magnified, the apparent effcct being that tfaey are brought appreciably nearer to the beholder. The writer has on two occasions been fortunate in witnessing this phenomenon in the South of England. A considerable number of ships were sailing on tbe horizon, when gradually a most extraordinary appearance presented itself, foi over cacb vessel appeared an inverted duplicate, a veiitable phantom ship, the (op of the mainmast resting upon tbe corre sponding part of the real ship. As the vessel tacked, go the course of the phantom was altered :as a sail was lowered, so the phantom sailors, standing on their heads, lowered a phantom sail; every movement of the real and substantial vessel being exactly imitated by its spectral companion ; tbe one, however, being apparently equally real nnd solid as the other. Every vessel in sight had its double, following it about overhead as a living nightmare ; every sailor on deck had nn inverted ghost, who copied his every move ment with exact precision ; if he ran up tbe ratlines the spcctre ran down to meet him, returning upwards to his overhanging deck when the living sailor descended. If he saluted his superior officer the spectre did the same nt the same moment, as if tbe two were animated by the same power. After a time all this vanished away and, " I .ike the baseless fabric of a vision, Left net a wraith behind." Occasionally this phenomenon is observed to invert bigb in air objects far below the horizon bringing them within the range of virion of nil observer situated fur beyond ilic iialural range. In this wny homo of Sir John Frank lin'st-liips were discovered ; and in the English Channel, Dieppe lias liven seen from Dover, even the fishing boats in the harbour, the buildings, and the different colour of the land on tVie heights being also visible. Of course, this was ordinarily quite out of sight, being below the horizon. This form of mirage occasionally happens in the desert in a most tantalising manner, for (he weftry traveller sees, a short d i 31 ancc in f ront of him, a beautiful oasis, palms waving in a refreshing breeze, which he feels not in the parching, sultry, heavy air, green grass on which he hopes to regale his exhausted camels, pools of dclicions water rippling in the moving air, to which he hurries on in order to assungc his burning thirct, and to bathe bis healed anil weary limbs. Eagerly he presses forward, impetuous for a draught of that cool and grateful liquid, when to his dismay nnd hopeless despair he finds that it was all but a tantalising illusion, which has faded away into nothing, tlashes all his hopes of pleasure to the ground, and leaving him to plod his woary way over the hot, burning sand. And do not very many of us in our pursuit of pleasure exactly repeat this traveller's experience, and find that the pleusurc we had been eagerly pursuing, to the eternal ruin of soul and body, was but an insubstantial mirage, which elude 1 our ardent grasp, ami left us a p:inting and exhausted wreck, ruiucd both for tli is world and for the next ? Rut there arc pleasures, solid and lasting pleasure!!, soccstatic that the mind of man is incapable even of conceiving their overwhelming glory, which arc accessible to a 11 who care (0 possess them. And the only way to secure nn in heritance to those pleasures is to" Fear God, nnd keep his commandments," the atonement made once for all by the Savour of (he world being a sure and absolute passport to all who will but accept it. 