lillSHI Mil CHAPTER XXIII— (Continued.) 'Is slie altogether heartless*- 1 wonder ?' she thinks, in spite of herself. ' Nothing good ?will come of ? this journey, I feel that. And last night Leonee promised to go. Who is to tell what he will do now?' But when a few hours later, as she walks purposely in the direction of Mrs. Longj 'worth's, and meets him and tells him in rather a tremulous voice, he takes it very quietly. His dark face pales a little, and there is a quick flash at the sound of Mrs. Dexter's name — beyond that no token of emotion. ' So,' he says, ' she is gone, and with Monsienr Dexter's mother. When does Mon sieur Dexter propose joining them, for he is still here ?' ' Not at all. How unkind you are, Leonee. As if Marie ? ' He smiles. ' Marie can do no wrong — you and I know that, Petite. Did she leave no message for for n-e ?' ' 'None — except a message you will not care to hear.' . ' Still I will hear it.' ' She bade me tell you, then, to leave Bay . mouth— you know why ; and that when yon are fairly gone she will correspond with you, , and try to forgive you for having come.' ' Ah. ! she will correspond with me and try to forgive me,' repeats Durand, and 'laughs. ' That at least is kind; but Marie is an angel of kindness in all things. For so mnch condescension I am indeed gateful.' ' 'And you will go ?' , ' No, Petite, I will not. If my staying annoys you, I regret it ; for believe me, my little one, I would not willingly give you annoyance. I will remain until Marie re turns — who can tell when we may meet again, Not until grandmamma dies, and tho future is secure — and she looks as if she might live forever, that stately grandmamma. I must speak one parting . word to Marie — then in deed ? ' Reine sighs resignedly. It is of no use con ? ji ? ? j. -r* ? ? j i H/T ? : ? *n tcsung tut; pumi/. x/uruuu uuu win gu . their own why, with very little heed to her counsel. You may as well say your parting word now, then, Leonee,' she says, resolutely, ' for this is the very last tete-a-tete we will have. As long as you stay in Baymouth, I shall re main'strictly in the house. I should not have met you to-day, but it was necessary you should hear of Marie's departure first from from me. Now I shall say adieu, and meet you no more.' ' Monsieur Longworth commands this ?' ' That is my affair. My grandmother for bids it, people talk, and that is enough. You know how I abhor everything clandestine. ' Go or stay as you please, I will trouble about it no more.' ' Petite,' he says, with real feeling, ' you are my good angel, now and always. I ought ' not to have come. But I swear to you that ' ?when Marie returns I will go. I will be patient' and wait, although it seems almost impossible; and she is so cold. Mon Dieu, so cold. Adieu, my little sister, and a thou sand thanks for all your goodness.' He kisses the hand he holds. At the moment a man passes along the opposite side 'walk — Mr. Longworth on his way to. dinner.. He lifts his hat and passes rapidly on. Reine flushes with vexation, and draws away her hands. ' Leonee, wo are in the street ! how canyon forget yourself ? Monsieur Longworth saw us.' : ' Well, Petite,' Durand savs, coolly, ' and what then ? A brother may kiss his sister's hand. ? Monsieur Longworth is on his way to dinner, and will favour me with more languish grand' seigneur airs than ever. He does me the honour to be jealous, Heine. Ma.foi! I appear to be a cause of jealousy to more, than one gentleman in your little town.' Heine leaves him abruptly, and goes home, feeling vexed .with Leonee for his salute, with Longworth for having seen it, with Marie for her departure, with herself for no particular reason, with all the world, in fact. But she is too generous and frank-liearted for moods and fancies, and sits down to her piano and plays away her vapours. Presently it grows too dark, and then she rises, takes a shawl, and hurries away to her favourite ^twilight seat on the garden wall. . She sits a very long time, her hands clasped m her lap, her eyes 'fixed dreamily on the 'water, and thinks. Five months scavcoly havo passed since she came in the place, and liow much has happened, more than in her life before. She was unhappy at first, but that haB worn away. Leonee frets her ; but that is only a passing annoyance, nothing deep; ? A subtle sense- of happiness lias come ( -to her at last ; sho' accepts it without caring tb analyze its nature too closely. Her grand mother has grown more kind and tolerant since her engagement — perhaps it_ is that. She likes Miss Iiariott, more than likes her ; it is always good, and restful, and comfortable to bo with lier.' A real woman friend is Mich a true aud satisfactory thing. She likes Baymouth — dull but not dreary, monotonous but not wearisome. And then there is Monsieur Longworth — she pauses in her musing with a smile and a faint blush. Yes, there is . always Monsieur Long worth. It is well, after all, to have oue s future husband chosen for one — one can take him and feel that self-will and sentiment — dangerous things always — have nothing to do with it. Yes, certainly it is well — tliey manage these things best in France, there can bo no doubt. Monsieur Longworth is very good, he is a husband one can be proud of, he has a generous and noble heart, he is not mer cenary, or ho would bo Madame Windsor's heir to-day, and sho and her sister toiling in London for a scanty living. How very hand some and gallant he looked last night in the scarlet and gold of an English officer. Yes, decidedly he is handsome, and of fine presence — clever, too, which is best of all — man is nothing if not intellectual. It does not so signify in women — it is not expected of them ; people who ought to know say they are better without to much mind ; but men — oh ! a man should be strong and brave, gentle and tender, upright, and generous, and true of heart. All this Monsieur Longworth is, she knows ; has she not had proof of it ? How grateful, for example, is that blind girl ; how well Miss Hariott likes him — Miss Hariott, incapable of Hieing anyemng seinsu, or sordid, or mean. How her haughty grandmother seeks and res pects his opinion — herproud, imperious grand mother, who tolerates no advice or interfer ence from any one else. How strange that he should ever have had a grand passion for that passe Madame Sheldon. Do men really outlive and forget such things as that ? He has told her he loves her, and ho is a man of truth. That faint flush rises again as she re calls his looks, his words, the fire in the eyes that had a gaze on her. They are extremely handsome eyes, and perhaps most handsome when anger as well as love flashes from them. If she could only tell him all — but for the present that is hopeless, and he has promised to trust her. What is affection without trust — firm, abiding faith and trust through all things ? He must wait yet a little longer, and believe in her despite appearances, and mean- 1 time she is happy and Baymouth is pleasant, and eighteen a delightful age, and love — : — Well, love of course, ' the very best thing in all the world.' She wraps her shawl a little closer around her, for these Septembers nights havo a ring of sharpness, and watches a belated moon making its way through windy clouds up to the centre of the sky. Moonlight is a lovely thing — the world takes a touch of sadness under its pale, cold glimmer ; life and its noises are hushed, and the soul awakes instinctively to the feeling that human life is not all, and that great and solemn things are written in that star-studded sky. But Heine is neither lonely nor sad, all her presentiments and vexation' are gone with that dead day, and she sings as she sits. And presently a step — a step that she knows — comes down, the path behind her ; but though a new gladness eom&s; into her eyes, she does not look around, but sings softly on : Oh ! moonlight deep aud tender ' This sweetest summer fiown, Your mist of golden splendour On our betrothal shone. The step ceases, he is behind her ; he has heard her song, but he does not speak. She turns and looks up, and to the day of her death never forgets the look his face wears. The smile fades from her lips, the gladness from her eyes ; her singing ceases, she sits erect and gazes at him in consternation. ' What is it ?' she asks with a gasp. 'Very little,' he answers. His voice is low and stern, his face fixed and inflexible. 'Yery little, perhaps, in your eyes. Only this — I overheard you last night.' For a moment she does not know what he means — then it flashes upon her, and her face blanches. ' You mean ? ' she said, in a terrified voice. ' I mean your interview with Monsieur Leonee Durand, in Miss Hariott's garden last night. I did not go out eavesdropping. I went out honestly to smoke, but I chanced to overhear. I heard him claim the right to be with you. I heard him callyouhis wife !' She utters a low, frightened cry, and turns from him and covers her face. ' Don't be afraid,' he says, a touch of scorn in his tone ; ' I. am not' going to hurt you. I ►I am not even going to reproach you: There is not much to be said between you and me, but, great Heaven ! how I have been deceived in you ! I stand and look at you and am stunned by-it. I thought I knew something of women and men; I thought, in my besotted self-conceit, I could read the soul in the face. I looked in yours that day on the deck of the ship, and thought I saw a brave, frank, fear less heart, shining out of tender and truthful and beautiful eyes. And the end is this !' She does not speak a word. She sits like one stunned by a blow, so sudden, so cruel, so crushing, that it deadens feeling and speech. ' Your motive for what you havo done,' he goes rapidly on, ' is not so difficult to under stand. You knew that .whatever shadow of oliance you stood unmarried, you stood no shadow of chance married, and married to a Frenchman. You were naturally ambitious to obtain your rightful inheritance, and for the sake of that inheritance you have plotted, and schemed, and duped us all. You played your part as Lydia Languish very well last night, bat you shine far more brilliantly off the stage than on. You knew how to make your perversity charming, your petulance be witching ; your very pride and defiance held a curious charm. You kept me off and knew that in doing it you lured me on. You were tho farthest possible from any ideal woman, and yet you captivated me with your very faults. I believed in you with as trusting a simplicity as the rawest and most unlicked cub of twenty. I was all the more eager to win you because you seemed so hard to win. It was a well- played game ; but your husband, with a man's natural impatience for his wife, comes before your plans are matured, and spoils all. Once before a woman deceived me, a girl younger even than you; but I was a hot-headed boy then, and her task was easy. Now, in man's maturity, -with the average of man's judgment in most things, you have done it again, with a skill and cleverness no on can admire more than I do. Laura Longworth was only weak rind empty- headed ; you . are heartless, troacherouB, and false to the core!' She has riot spoken or stirred— ho. lias ? given hor no chance to speak ; but if he had, it would have been the same. If her life were the forfeit, she could not save it by uttering a, sound. Ho turns, with these last harsh and merciless words, and so leaves her. - CHAPTER XXIV. . i NIGHTFALL. i : A bleak afternoon early in October.; In Mrs. Windsor's prettjr sitting-room a . fire burns cozily, and casts its red gleams between the crimson silk window curtiaris. _ In a great arm-chair before the fire, wrapped in a large fleccey whito shawl, Mrs. Windsor sita.j A small table, with a pitcher of steaming tand fragrant lemonade, is beside her — a tumbler is in her hand, and she sips this beverage at intervals, as slio lies back and contemplates drearily the fire. In a general way this lady is uplifted out of the sphere of ordinary mortals, but influenza is a dread leveler, and influenza has laid its fell hand upon her. Still an empress might suffer with cold in her imperial head, and the snuffles in her august nose, and lose no whit of her majesty. We do not say that Mrs. Windsor does anything so valgar as snuffle ; wo do say she is invalided with cold in her head. She is not alone; her younger grand daughter is sitting by the window, looking out, with eyes more dreary than her grand mother's own, at the gray, fast-drifting, fast darkening sky, at the wind-tossed trees, and the threatening of storm at hand. It is not owing to any special pleasure Mrs. Windsor takes in her younger granddaughter's society that she has her here; but the cold in her head, and the perfect tempest of sneezes that now and then convulse her, have flown to her visual organs. With eyes weak and watering, one cannot amuse one's self with a book, and to sit here all day alone, and unable to read, is not be thought of. Reine, then, is here to read to her. The book is a novel, and an interesting one, but it lies closed in Reine's lap now. Grandmamma has had sufficient unto the day of fiction and the sorrows of heroes and horoines ; vexations of hor own are beginning to absorb her. ' That will do,' she says, pettishly ; ' thee books are all alike. Love must have been in vented for the pecuniary benefit of the people who write novels. Ring for Jane ; the lemon ade is cold.' Reine rises and obeys. The bleak light of the overcast afternoon falls upon her face as she does so, and Mrs. Windsor is struck by the changes in it. More than once during the past week that change has surprised her. A great change is there, but it is so subtle she can hardly tell in what it consists. It can hardly be loss of ^colour, for Reine never has color, — it is more that her dusk complexion looks blanched. It is still more the dreary lonely look in the large eyes, the curve of the mouth fixed in a sort of steadfast, patient pain. She does not sing, she does not play, she does not talk, she does not smile. She never goes out, she loses flesh and appetite daily, she comes slowly when she is bidden, and goes wearily when she is dismissed with little more of vitality than an automaton might show. ' Reine,' her grandmother says, and says it not unkindly, yet with more of curiosity than kindness, ' what is the matter with you ? You go gliding about the house like some small gray ghost. Are you not well ?' ' I am very well, madame.' r She resumes her seat. Jane appears with$, ? fresh and steaming' pitcher of lemonade, ? ait® : departs. The young girl listlessly takes up herjbook, ' Shall I go on, madame ?' 'No, I'm tired of it; paying attention I makes my head ache. But you may as well remain. I expect a person who owes me a sum of money ; he will be here directly, and he will want you to write him a receipt. Stay until he comes.' She leans back and closes her eyes. She is a trifle curious still concerning the change in her granddaughter, but she will enquire no further. Can it be her sister's absence? Nonsense ! they seem fond of each other, but to fret over a week's separation would be re dicnlous indeed. The house seems desolate without Marie's fair, bright face — -she is astonished and vexed at the way she misses her. Then Longworth is absent too, has been absent for five days, and, what is remark able, was with Reine in the garden the night before his departure, and yat left without stepping in. That is not like Laurence. She opens her eyes and glances at the iriotionless gray figure at the window. 'Reine?' ' Yes, madame.' 'Did Laurence Longworth tell you that night, last week, where he was going next morning ?' ' He did not, madame.' ' Did he tell you he was going at all ?' ' No, madame.' 'Did he not oven bid you good-bvc?' '' Not even that.' ' Carious !' says Mrs. Windsor, and' knits her brows. 'Why then did he come ? What did he say ?' ' I cannot remember all he said, madame. Certainly not a word about going away the next morning.' Mrs. Windsor turns upon her a keen, side long, suspicious look. She is an odd mixture of frankness and reticence, this youthful relative of hers ; if she has made up her mind to be silent, it will be a difficult matter indeed to induce her to speak. One of her most reticent moods is evidently upon her now. ' Can they have quarelled ?' she muses. ' I thought only sentimental simpletons in lov» quarrelled. And this young woman is not a sentimental simpleton. And if they have quarrelled, what have they quarrelled about ?' She closes her eyes once more, and this time drops into a doze. Reine throws aside the novel with a tired sigh, and takes, apathet ically enough, another book. It is a book that never leaves Mrs. Windsor's room — it lies beside the ponderous family Bible and, like the Bible, is rarely opened by its owner. It is a copy of the 'Imitation,' beautifully bound, and on the fly-leaf in a large freehand' is written : 'To the Boat of Mothers— on her Birthday Prom her Affectionate Son, Gkorge.' Reine looks long at the faded words. This is the dashing brother, George, of whom she has so often heard her mother speak; the handsome, clever, high-spirited son grand mamma loved with all the love one heart ever hold, whose memory is more to hor still than all the world besides. She has learned why Longworth has won so close a place to that memory; she wonders if George Windsor really looked like that— fair, broad-shouldered strong. Her mother was tall and slim, with a thin, fretted face, a weak, querulous voice and tearful, pale blue eyes. Poor mamma' always ailing and unhappy, always making everyone about her unhappy, too. ? No, George' f Windsor could never havo been like mammft ; I ho had bright eyes, and a sunny smile — she had heard him dcscribcd often. And in tho midst of all his youth and beauty, and strong young manhood, ho' had been struck down doing a good and noble deed. No wonder grandmamma was cold, and stern, and unloving Who would care to love in a world where the word was only another name for misory. Lovo was heaven, a plant from paradise, nover intended to bloom and blossom in the desert here below ! She opens the book at random — it is a book beloved always, and well known. A marker is between the leaves at tho chapter called 'The king's Highway of the Holy Cross,' and Reine begins to read. ' Sometimes thou slialt be left by God, other times thou slialt be afflicted by thy neighbour, and what is more, thou shalt often be a trouble to thyself. ' For God would have thee to suffer tribu lations without comfort, and Avholly to sub ject thyself to Him, and to become more humble by tribulation. 'Dost thou think to escape that which no mortal could ever avoid ? ? ' She can read no more;, she closes the book, replaces it, folds her arms on tho table, and lays her face down upon them : ' For God would have thee to suffer tribulation.' Yes yes. Oh ! yes, she has been proud, , and self-willed, and rebellious, and her punish ment has fallen. Her pride is humbled to the very dust, she has been stabbed to tho heart in the hour of her exultation, She had ; lost what she was learning to hold so dear ; she is despised where she was beginning to : seek for approbation, scorned where she most I wished to be highly held. She does not 1 blame Longworth — he has acted hastily and rashly ; ali the same sho conld not havo ex plained if he had come in calmest moderation to ask that explanation. How 'strange he '? should have overheard. Is there a fate, a ! Nemesis, in these things ? Sho does not 1 blame him ; she only feels crushed, stunded, benumbed, left stranded on some barren rock, - the land of promise gone forever, with a 1 drearily aching heart, and a sense of loss and : loneliness forever with her. Six days have passed since that moonlight night by the 1 garden wall, when she had sat with hidden face and listened to Longworth's bitter, ' scathing words. He had gone the next day, 1 Marie is gone, and Miss Hariott, by some i fatality, is absent for a few days with some country friends. She has not once stirred i outside the gates, she has not once seen i Durand during the interval. She has said - nothing of her broken engagement. When Longworth comes back he will tell her grand mother ; he must tell. She does not know what the result will be, she does not care. Nothing worse can happen than has happened i already. She lies still for a long time. She slept very little last night, and in the silent and warmth of the room she drops half asleep now. A loud knock at the house-door startles her into wakefulness. She sits upright, and Catherine opens the parlor door, and annouces ' Mr. Martin.' Mr. Martin, a bluff, elderly man, comes in a Reine and goes over, and gently awakes her grandmother, and tells her her expected visitor has come. .'Well, ma'am,' says Miss Martin, in a hearty voice, 'here I am. up to time, and with the money down o'n the nail. Fifteen hundred and fifty dollars, that's the amount, ma'am, ain't it ? Here's the cash all correct and proper ; but count it over — count it over !' 'Reine,' Mrs. Windsor, says, langnishly ' count it, please, and then write out Mr. Martin's receipt.' Reine obeys she counts over the role of bills carefully, finds the amount right, produces pen and paper, and makes out the receipt for Mrs. Windsor ' to sign. ' Take this money up stairs,' says Mrs. Windsor, ' and lock it in my bedroom. Here is the key.' ' And when you 've looked it up, young lady,' interposes Mr. Martin, with refreshing frankness, ' I would advise you take a turn in the air. One of my girls fainted yesterday, and she didn't look a mite paler doing it than you do now.' ' Yes, go,' her grandmother- says, coolly, and looking annoyed ; ' the heat of the room makes you looks wretchedly. Lock the cabinet and leave the key on my dressing table.' ' Ay, ay, look out for the key,' says bluff Mr. Martin; 'can't be too particular about money. It's a sight easier to lose always than to find. Nobody hadn't ought to keep money in the house, anyhow.' ' There is not the slightest danger,' an swers Mrs. Windsor, still very coldly; 'bur- glars are almost unknown in Baymouth, .and I keep no one in my house whose honesty I cannot implicitly trust,' Reine leaves the room and goes slowly to her grandmother's bed-chamber. The cabinet mentioned is a frail, hut very handsome Japanese affair of ebony, inlaid with pearl and silver; She places the roll of notes in one of the drawers locks it, and lay the key, as directed, on the dressing- table. As she descends the stairs again, she encounters Catherine, with a letter. ' For you, Miss Reine,' the woman says, and hands it to her. ' Law, miss, how white you do look ! Quite faint-like, I declare. . Ain't you well ?' For Reine, not Marie, is the favourite of the household now. Time has told, and though Miss Landelle is as lavish of sweet smiles and gentle words as ever, it has been discovered that she is selfish and exacting, and not at all particular as to how much or how litlle trouble she may give those who attend her. ' She can't even put on her own clothes, she's that helpless,' says Catherine indignant ly, ' nor so much as button her shoes or her gloves; but,. it's please, Catherine, here, and thanks, Catherine, there, Catherine, do this, and Catherine, fetch that, and Catherine, go for t'other, from morning till night. She don't' mind, bless you, how often she rings her bell and brings you up two flights to ask you wliere's the pinB that are lying on the table before her eyes, or how her back hair looks, or her overskirt sots. It don't tire her legs, you know. But Miss Reine can do things for herself and find things, and has a little feeling and would do without what she wanted sooner than make you fly up again before you go rio-ht down. ' Miss Marie's pretty as as a picture, and smiles sweet, I don't deny, and never says a cross word ; but give mo Miss Reine for my money, after all. ' I am quite well, thank you, Catherine, ' Reine answers, and takes her letter. It is from Marie, the first slje has received. She goes out,' -sits down in the stone porch, opens cagorJy, and reads : Boston, Oct, 3d, 18— CnBRR Petite : — When you reeoive this I shall be (aa heroines say when they elope) far away. I am not going to elopo, but neither am I going back as soon as I had intended. Mr. Frank insists upon our making a trial trip in the fainoU3 yacht, and pleads so piteously for my company that it irould be cruel to refuse. Hia mother, rnd ft very charming young iHdy of this city, form the rest of tho party. Wo visit the Isle of Shoals, and will look at some coast scenery for a few days, not prob ably more than a week, for I know, in spito of all Mr. Frank's reasoning, that I shall be seasick. It is doubtful, however, if I shall return even at the close of this excursion, for Mr. Dnxter -urges both MiBS Lee (the Boston lady) and myBelf to accom pany her to Georgia for a month. Miss Lee has consented, and Miss Dexter has written to grand mamma for me. I hope she may Bay yeB, for I shall really like it extremely. Has Leonee gone P If not, he may as well.mako up bis mind to go. He will certainly gain nothing by remaining. You may show him this letter if you see fit. Adieu, Petite. With your devoted Mr. Longworth by your side, your bosom friend, Miss Hariott, cloBe by you, you will hardly miss, evnn if she goes to Georgia 'Your own Marie. The letter drops in Reine's lap, lier hands clasp with a wild gesture. ' Oh, mon Dieu !' she says, and sits looking at it, a sort of horror in her eyes. ' Gone ! and in the yacht with' him ! and to his home in Georgia! to be absent so long ! Oh, how shall I tell Leonee this.' ? As if lier thought had evoked him, she sees through the trees, stripped and wind-blown, Durand himself approaching the gate at the moment. Can he be coming in ? She rises and runs down the path and meets him just as ho lays his hauds on the gate. ' I could euduro it no longer,' lie says ; ' I made up my mind to bravo tho dragon, and go to the house to see you. For a week I have been waiting and looking for you in vain. Where have you been? — what is the matter?' You look wretched, Petite ; have you been ill. She does not answer. She stands looking at himr the closed gate between, her face grayish pale in the dull evening light, blank terror looking at liim out of hor eyes. ' Is it anything a'jout Mario ?' lie demands, quickly ; ' is she coming back ? Have, you beard from her? is that a letter ? Let me see it.' He reaches over and take3 it out of her before she can prevent it. 'Leonee,' she exclaims, in a terrified voice, lot me tell you first. Do not read the letter. Oh ! Leonee, do not be angry with her ! In deed, indeed, she means no harm. He turns from her, and reads tho letter slowly, finishes, and reads it again. The after noon lias worn to evening, and it is nearly dark now,butReine can see the look of deadly pallor she, knows only too well blanch his face, sees a gleam dark and fierce, and well re membered, come into his eyes. But his man ner does' not change ; he turns to her quietly, and hands it back. ' Allons !' he says, ' so she has gone. Well, I am not surprised ; I half expected as much from the first. If she finds the South pleas ant, as how cau she otherwise in the society of M. Dexter, it is probable she will not return for the winter. |She likes warmth ; Georgia will suit her much better than Baymouth and a long northern winter. ' Leonee ? '! ' You are not looking well, Petite,' lie in terrupts, ' and Monsieur Longworth is away. - Has the one anything to do With the other?' ? ' Listen, Leonee— : — ' ? ' No, Petite ; let us talk, and' think of you a little. Some one should' think, of you, for you never had a habit of thinking of yourself. You are looking ill, and I fear you are not happy. I think, too, that Monsieur Long worth is jealous of me, and that my presence here may be the cause of your unhappiness. It shall be the ^cause no longer. 1 go to morrow.' His face keeps its settled pallor, his eyes their dark and dangerous gleam, but his voice is low and quieter, than usual. She stands looking at him in mute fear. * ' I ought never to have come. I know that Monsieur Longworth thinks I am or have been your lover. Undeceive him, Petite, when he returns — tell him the 'truth. You may trust him : he loves you— in a cold and unsatisfactory fashion, it may be, but after his light. He will keep the secret, never fear, and then for you all will go on velvet. I will not detain you, -little one, lest the terrible grandmamma should miss you and make a storm. Whom have we here ?' He draws back. The house door opens, but it is only Mr. Martin going home. (2 o be continued.') 