'JFIFTY YUAItS:AGO.w [To the Editor.] | Sir, — Upon reading this (We'duesday) morning's issue of tbe Chronicle , I was riot much astonished at the utteraoces of some of our city fathers re the cleansing of streets and the abatement of nuisances generally. Yet I was sorry to note evidence of a deplorable lack of knowle≥ upon matters affecting the health and well-being of the community over which they, have been called upon to preside. So much so, that my thoughts reverted to an old song that I remembered to have hoard quite thirty years ago. That song — the title of which forms tho heading to this article — was very popular. It came upon tne again as a flash, and I involuntarily burst out with the chorus — ' Oh, give to mc the good old days of fifty years ago.' Yes, fifty years ago 1 the municipal authorities ofy the city of Exeter* in the county of Devon, in the island of England, used, every morning, to have the streets thoroughly swept ; and on Sundays, in the vicinity of the public markets (there were three), an extra gang of men was put on to remove the litter of the previous night's traffic. And on certain days, especially dur ing the summer months, the street channels were all thoroughly flushed with water, watercarts boing employed in dusty weather to abadc the dust nuisance. Fifty years afterwards we find men, who have been elected by their fellow men to attend to similar duties in a Queensland municipal ity, with all the successesofallpastdoinestic legislation to guide them, forewarned by the failures of those who had preceded tbem, failures which stand as beacons along a dan gerous coast, uttering such nonsense as u a dangerous innovation,' when matters are discussed which involve the general health and well being of tbe community. 44 Ask him to minimise the evil' when our drinking water is being contaminated by 14 hen roosts' upon our roof ridges. Sncb talk is evidence of incertitude of the weakest description. ' The sooner our city fathers rccognise that, as a rule, the utter HolfishncsB of some individuals needs to bo regulated by law tho better. The law of love, if possible; failing that, the law of repression. He will not minimise the evilt if tho doing so runs counter to his neighbourly and selfish will. Here are a few lines which I quote from a medical source of - undisputed authority. The Bob-pilai says :-^-14 Typhoid is a disease of bacilli, and the bacilli wo find in human cxcremcnt. It is probable that no man or woman ever takes typhoid except by swallowing some typhoid bacilli. They may be swallowed, as we have said, in drinking water, or they may bo flying about the air in the neighbourhood of typhoid excrement, and may be swallowed with mouthfuls of air. What then is the first and last commandment of typhoid prevention ? 4 Cleanliness ; personal and public cleanliness.' It is all there. If we keep ourselves clean ; if we keep our drink ing water clean ; if we keep our closets and our drains, kitchons, sculleries, gardens, streets, and towns entirely clean, typhoid will bo practically as great a stranger to most of us as is the ghost of King Solomon, or the shade of the extinct Deinotherinm.' I am so far fossilised as to hold to the opinion that no Man in a community should bo guilty of contributing in the slightest degree to the inconvenience, or cause annoyance to his neighbour. But con trariwise to do all in his power to advance tho well-being of the community of which he finds himself a member. And to fear lessly do his duty in all respeots. — I am, &c.; John Kinght. 