• CHAPTER XIII. Stiukgk Tidimgs. Leigh Furrowes bad b?en Rending a good part of this eventful evening in pacing up and down the shrubbery with Emmie (Her band, in liis), but as be bad by no means enjoyed enough of her society he again came up to Oak Park that' evening on pretence- of having something to arrange with ilnrtin ; and once there Emmie and Leigh sang ducts together—vrith 3frs. Grey sitting by, of course—but that did not preclude a whispered word, a glance or smile, Leigh and Emmie both feeling that these were the last horns they would spend together for a long while to come, for Sir Bertram and Lady Lawford were daily expected home, and when they arrived Emmie had determined at whatever cost to tell the truth, and she knew that banishment from Leigh would be the result. So the lovers made the most of their opportunities. From lime to lime 31arUn, whose entire approval and sympathy were freely given, bestowed some well-meant advice on the young pair.. ' You two stick to cadi other, and you'll ha rewarded ia the long run,' he would say, senteutiously. ' And you, Emmie, have courage enough to say " I won't," to every other suitor, and in time you can say "I will" to Leigh. And I will see you both married.' On this particular evening Martini proposed a round game aiter the music, 1 and it was nearly eleven o'clock before Leigh said good-night to Martin at the hall door. ' Why, what's np ?' inquired the boy, as he noticed a group of the servants gathered on the carriage drive before the entrance. •Mr. Olford has disappeared, sir,' replied the butler, detaching himself from his companions and coming for ward, 'and it is feared that someone has attacked him as he was passing the Buius,' ' "Why, what has happened, Turner?' asked Leigh, eagerly. 1 Til go and help in the search.5 *Wc don't know exactly what has happened, sir,' replied Turner, 4 but Mr. Olford arrived afc the station to night on his return home, and, as usual, started to walk across the park, hut he has not come home, aud Mr. Regiuahl thinks some harm has happened to him.' Emmie and Mrs. Grey had come out upon the steps to listen, and the hearts of both ladies quailed. After the dis appearance of the vicar of Thorpeleigh, and the attempt to carry off little Basil, they were prepared for any other out rage. 4 Are they searching the Ruins?', in quired Leigh Tultowcs. 4 Oh, yes, sir. But there isn't a trace of anyone there. I have ouly just heard of it.' 1 Bid Mr. Olford come by the nine o'clock express?' was Leigh's next question. * Yes, sir, as he usually does. The coachman met him aud took his trunk and portmanteau in the pony cart, Mr. Olford saying he should walk up, as usual. You see it is a half-hour's walk, good, and the night was tine, so no one was alarmed till it grew towards tea o'clock. Mr. Reginald was dining out, but when it struck^ialf-pust ten and Mr. Olford had not 'come in they sent round to let him know, and he set off at once, with two or three of the men, carrying torches, and others followed.' 4 I'm off to sec if I can be of any use,' I said Leigh. 4 Mr. Olford may have I fallen down in the park before he got to the Ruins.' * I'll come with you, sir, if you'll allow me,' said Turner; 4 and it will be as well to have the pony trap, we shall get over the ground quicker.' 4 All light, Turner.' Martin would faiu have taken Tur ner's place, hut Leigh, Emmie, and Mrs. Grey alike negatived it, so per force the boy remained behind, and a thrill of uncomfortable exeitemont pre vailed amongst those who watched Turner and Leigh set out for the Ruins. 4 Shut up the house,' said Mrs. Grey, nervously, to the foolmau ; 4 so many things have happened that there is no knowing what will occur no&ct.;' However fast the doors were barred it was yet impossible for anyone to sleep, with the chance of hearing, before morniug, that a neighbour, going peace fully home across his own park, had beeu murdered. Midnight elrtick, but no tidings could be expected for another hour or two, and as sitting up could not do any good, Mrs. Grey lay down on the sofa in her dressing-room, while Martin and Emmie went to an upstairs sitting room, and opening the window, listened for every noise that might invade the stillness. 4 If Mr. Olford is injured, and found j to have been robbed,' said Martin, 4I; know who is the man I shall suspect— Jim Hills I He has not stayed on in the neighbourhood for nothing. There was always something about that fellow which I distrusted.' 4 And I always felt that there was something about him which I could trust, despite appearances,' rejoined Emmie, softly. 4 Oh. yon girls have such soft hearts,' replied the hoy, who by this time was nodding with fatigue, aud whose eyes closed almost as he spoke, his head resting against a sofa cushion. Emmie let him rest, but she had no inclination to sleep, and many a loving thought weut after Leigh in the silence of the fresh and dowv carlr morning. iiora JL' lizreagn nau caueu every uay; and not contented with this, had written to her also, besides persisting in sending her gifts, although she had plainly told him she could not accept them. ' What! Befusc a few flowers or a little fruit, Miss Emmie,' he would argue; ' or a book, of which I beg your acceptance. All these are trifles, nor can I allow you to wound me so deeply as to return them.' But Emmie felt that they were not trifles, but the choicest of their kind, and the girl's heart was uneasy. About half-past 3 o'clock, while Martin slumbered heavily, her ear caught the distant sound of an ap proaching vehicle. Was Leigh coming back with tidings? And were the tidings sad or roassnring? . She softly rose from her seat, and leaned from the window.. Ah! the [wheels stopped for a moment, doubt less to turn in at- the park gates. Very gently she closcil the sash, and glided away from the room, down to the hall, where a lamp was burning. But the house was very still, and doubtless the servants, tired with watching, had gone to seek some rest. " ^ 'Emmie stood listening anxiously. Nor had she long to wait before wheels crushed the gravel, and then came to a standstill before the hall door. Then she slid back - the bolt, and opened to Leigh. Turner ted the horse away, while the young man came in eagerly. ' Is there news ?' cried Emmie. 'Not much. But it is plain that Mr. Olford. had entered the Euins, for I found his handkerchief lying beside a broken arch, halfway across the inner court.' ' Oh, Leigli! has a thorough search been made ?' 'As thorough as we could make it till daylight comes back,' auswered lie. ' lleginaid Olford is stilt there, and a dozen more; but they have been over the whole of the place carefully three limes, and so hare I. I am going back there at sunrise, and only came in to let you hear the tidings. Darling, good night''' ' Goad night,' she whispered hack. Then, emboldened by the complete soli tude, the beautiful, soft glimmer of dawn, and the proximity of her whom he loved so well, he held her to his heart for a moment, and kissed licr fair cheek. In many troubled days which followed Emmie felt warmed and cheered by the remembrance of that caress. A door hastily opened aroused the young pair from their brief joy. Emmie closed the house door ou her lover, aud met Martin, blinking with sleep, stumbl ing downstairs. ' Is this the way you serve a fellow ?' cried he, irately. Emmie smiled. 'Well, it is,' said she, ' if you mean that I left you while I caoie to hear the news. Mr. Olford is not found, but he has been traced into the midst of the l'uins; Leigh found his handkerchief there. Young Mr. Olford and a search party arc in the Bums now, and Leigh will go back there at sunrise.' ' And I will go with him,' cried Martin. ' Mind you wake me up at five o'clock. I'll not undress, but just lie down again.' 'Do, my dear boy,' she said amiably, ' and I won't go to sleep till you are off.' Faithful to her promise she wakened liiui a little before five, and watched him speed over the wet grass in the direction of the rectory. There he found Leigh about to set off, and very, glad of his company. The birds awoke, twittering their morning song, an early risen cottager was in his little garden amoilg the trim vegetables, bordered by pink daisies. It was strange to think what their errand war. in this deliriously fresh aud quiet hour —namely, to search for a neighbour who had probably come to a violent end. ' If Mr. Olford has been murdered it is by that fellow, Jiin Hills, depend upon it!' repeated Martin. 'We are by no means sure of that, Martin, or even that he has been mur dered. If he walked through the lluins —you know how fond he is of thera— to see the play of light and shade, he may have lost his footing, have struck his head against some stone, and be lying insensible. It is such a rambling place, with so many ups aud downs, and the. shadows of night are so con fusing.' * still, 1 don't sec bow his body should not have been discovered i£ he is there,' replied Martin. And then lie drove on in silence, nor did they resume their conversation till Martin called out:— ' There the}' arc 1 The Ruins, X mean. Where will you leave the trap 1' ' remaps I had better drive round to the stables. I'll Anil you—go on.' Martin needed no second bidding. He met men, looking utterly weary, coming out of the broken gateway of the Ruins as he went in. ' Have you found Mr. Olford ?' asked the boy, running forward. The men dispiritedly shook their heads, and Martin pursued his way among the crumbling walls and grasj. grown mounds, where polished floors had formerly afforded footiou to gay revellers, The sun touched the old turrets, end played on the ivy; the whole scene was one of peaceful beauty. Martin climbed 011 a low buttressed wall, and sent a keen glance on all below him. Bntlie perceived nothing that could by any chance be the body of a man. He had bcai told that 'Mr, Reginald' refused to leave the place, but bad sent in the others to have break fast, but even he was not to be seen now; and Martin was about to climb down when he saw a figure cross u more distant part of the Ruins, and at the . sight the lad's fuce flushed as he ejacu lated : ' It is that villain Hills. He is at tho bottem of this, I feel certain.' And Martin scrambled to the ground ■ so hurriedly as to set several stones flying, and something else of which ho hardly caught sight, but which, went spinning along from one mound of earth to another till it struck a projecting buttress and fell fur below. At tha time he took 110 heed of this—what was there in so ordinary an incident to remember ? That on which he was in tent was in verifying whether the man of whom he liad caught sight was indeed Jim Hills, or only someouc resembling, him. He was in such haste, that ho stumbled more than once ; then cleared a low wall to save time, and again got a view of Jim Hills. It certainly was the man, and there was no doubt about it. Then Martin was suddenly pulled up in the elmSe, and forgot everything else in his concern at perceiving Reginald 01 ford sitting on the ground leaning against the wall, every tinge of colour having died out of the young man's face. 'Aro you hurt?' cried Martin, hurry ing up to him. Reginald passed his hand slowly over his forehead without answering. ' Did that fellow knock you down?1 pursued Martin, ablaze with indigna tion. ' No—no !' replied the young man, feebly. " 1 What, is it, then ? Let me do any- . thing I can. I camo over with Leigh Rurrowes to help,' said the boy eagerly. 'Howkind of you ! Just stay with me for a moment, will you ? Thon wo will walk up to the house together.' ' Certainly. How tired you must,be. But do tell mo, did you sec HU13—the mau, you know, who was lately our imder-keeper?' ' I'll tell you what 1 have seen !' ejaculated Reginald slowly. ' I have seen a dead man—alive!' Martin repressed an involuntary shudder. , ' He has seen tho ghost!' thought the boy. ' Then there is something in tho story, though I have always Uuehcd at it!'" But it was no ghost of old Sir God frey that he had seen. ' Shall I help you up ? I am strongor than you suppose. Let me give you a hand,' urged Martin. ' ' Strong; of course you arc,' returned the other with a faint smile. A fellow should be strong before he thinks abont emigrating. Ob, Martin'—changing his tone— ' what can have happened to my poor father T And the young man's tone betrayed his poignant anxiety. ' Has Jim Hills robbed him, and left him somewhere insensible V rejoined Martin. '.Of course, if he would attempt to steal a cliild, he would attempt to rob your father. Did he sneak to vou iust now ?' ' No, it was I who said something to him—only one word; hut it startled him considerably. Heaven knows what he would not do, for he is a3 reckless as a man can he.' ' Ah, I am of your opinion, too. Now, my sister Emmie always says slio knows he is not had at heart. But that is ridiculous! Can you walk now ? Come along!' 'That man Hills shall be arrested. I will force him to say what has become of my father, or he shall bear the con sequences. Run on, pleaso, and send that inspector to speak to me, for I cannot get along very well. I fell and hurt myself a bit.' '"When he saw the ghost!'decided Martin, mentally; but he instantly did Reginald's bidding. The inspector lnuri'od up—Martin standing aloof till he was wanted. " ' Look here, inspector, I .bolfcve thfS that man Jim Hills knows something oC what has befallen my father. He crossed tlie Ruins just now. In my Juste to stop him I fell, and he is gone. Jf you can overtake him and bring him to me I think that I-can make him apeak.' 1 Very good, sir. lie can't have got far. I and my men will find him if he is to he found.' And the police officer wasted no time in further words. ' He shall speak, or I will proclaim to all the world who he is !' muttered the young man, as he limped along, bruised and feehlc. ' What a shock the sight of him gave lue, for I have thought him dead all this time ! So the fellow did not kill himself after all. Oh, if he has injured my dear old father!' Here he broke oS, overcome by his emotion. Leigh I'urrowes, de termined to search the ruins anew, met him on the way. ' Do take half an hour's rest, Olford. Tou are quite knocked up,' said Leigh. 'You may he assured that I will not leave a cranny, of the ruins unexplored. Has the park been well looked over?' ' As well as we could do so hy night.. ■ Hulf-a-doxen men are out now. This is very kind of you, 1'urrowes.' ' We'll keep together, Leigh,' said ■Martin, as ills friend went on into the. ruins. ' My belief is we shall discover Mr. Olford, and that he won't he living. Jim Hills was there. I saw him ; and so did Reginald Olford. And Leigh, X think Reginald saw the. ghost. He as good as said so!' ' 'What, old Sir Godfrey's ?' Martin nodded. Leigh looked graver still .'•I am all-aid these ruins harbour men of queer character,' said lie. ' Oh, Martin, we must be prepared for the ■worst.' Ho laid his hand on the boy's arm and they entered the ruins 111 silence. 'It was here that I picked up the handkerchief,' said Leigh, pointing to the spot. ' By force or otherwise Mr. Olford must hare been as far as this part of the rains.' ' And it was from this point (I had got 011 to the lyall) that I caught sight of Hills,' rejoined Martin. ' You are tall, enough to look over. Do you sec anything below ? 'Hothing but a sort of battered tin ease on a heap of stones.' ' I sent it there when I scrambled down,' said Martin. ' It would have given auyonc au ugly kaocl: had it come in one's way. But, conic along, it is no good staring' at a tiling which is of no use whatever.' When he and Leigh had gone all over the place, climbing narrow stairways broken away, and risking tbeir necks more thau once, and had assured them selves that 110 human heing was bidden there, they passed by the tin case which Martin had dislodged from the wail and sent flying. The boy picked it up aud turned it about. 'It's a handy little thing,'remarked be, ' and only wants rubbing up.' • Martin, you will certainly become an antiquarian. Ho, yon are more likely to start an Ohl Curiosity Shop, for your collection of rubbish increases at an alarming rate. But I dread going in to Olford House, for bad there been any tidings yet we should have beard them.' Ho was .right. There had been no tidings whatever of the owner of the Euins. Tliis new calamity wakened in keenest force the remembrance of that peaceful Sunday afternoon, when the vicar of Thorpeleigb bad so suddenly disappeared nor had ever since been heard of. "Where was liis body lying?—mur dered, doubtless, by some desperate Tillain. And where was the culprit ? 