A GREAT WROM;1 OR, THE 'MYSTERY OF BLACK HOLLOW GRANGE. — ? ? :y,:- 1 ' CHAPTER XVIH.'— Contwob). ?,'p ' Well, Donald, whatnewa do yon bring!' (''/.V^ueBtioned Dootor Nugoht from the little1' Sf'iK'tltaMei where'-he was busily engaged preparing i' ? ? powder* for AmbroBe, who lay in the ad , ' ' ? /Joining chamber, not dead; bat utterly an ?.7 consolous. ? ? . Donald sat down, and began to rub his .horny hands above the blazing hearth, v, ..'Bad enough news, doctor,' he repliod. ' They couldn't find the loss', Isabel, and tho, ? squire died yesternight, jnst after the dark.',' -.'fr-r., , T.uone ts ne c well, 1 know nod povor ' ' . 'rally again, when I left the house,' the doji ? ! - . . ..tor answered. ' Lord bless us, Dpnald,lwhat * power of mischief these fair-faced, rattle 'brained girls bring about I' V '-' 1 v 'Ay, -ay, sir I' responded Donald, 'hear- ;V ?' ? tily. ' ' ~ i-.r ? ? 'Ifthatgirl had remained' at home, in ? ? itead of running off to heriruin, poor Mel .Tille would be alive to-day.' ] /'And to thintof Ambrose, my poor, hand ; '.some lad,' the mother .began to whimper, , 'as might 'have been her husband this „ - moming—'r ' - ; \--0'^;?:/..: \ .'Hush I' interrupted Donald, atsrnly, _ 'D'ye vfant suoh a rath, girl for the lad's' ' ! wife, dame? Better for bim to bo lying 03 \ 4 he is than yoked to tho likeB of her. Do you think -the lad'Jl get over It, dootor?' the lather continued, his wioe unsteady. ' ! ' Certainly he will. Who ever heard of a r , broken arm, and a cracked oranium, and a v . '? [ cracked cranium, and a stab or two, killing a ; big t six-footer like Ambrose? Ho'llronso ? .nP after, a bit. Now; I'd'give a pretty penny bottom of this mystery. . What could have been going on at the old manor ? . And what took Ambrose there that night ?' ? Donald shook hiB head, and his wife whis?. ' 'Dsrert in an awed voice : . l -.«xhe manor's haunted, doctor, and it ' ' were all alight the night o' Ambrose's wed ding. The murdered lady comes back — ' ' 'Pooh I pooh I you silly woman 1 There * , - was something besides ghosts at the manor ; '? ? - it took fleBh and blood -togive the lad them ugly holes in his side. How did the old ? -place look this morning, Donald— was all ; -suieti' ' ? ' All quiet, air,' replied the seaman, ad '' '-ding, inasortof awed whisper, 'but tho 'r dog's there yet.' - ? ' ' _«? The doctor wheeled in his chair. 'There yet ? Well, |now, Donald, that's , ' confounded strange I What can- keep the : , beast up there ?' 1 : -Donald shook his head again, ':With grave , ? solemnity. ; -'That I can't say; doctor,' ,he replied. , '! but there he is, and there he'll stay, inspite , X , ' of yon, .Didn't we fetch him home yester \ , day, and back he went like a flash I He wai ''.on the terrace as X came by, and when ] \- called to bim he gave a cry that was human \- ' v-. ? He's found something, dootor — there's no mis — ? - lake about that I' . j - '.'.Pound what, man ? Wasn't the old house searched yesterday J I waa over there ' ' myself. It was as empty as a drum ; not '? even a stray ghost in sight.' So they told me; but the.-dog found , ' lomething all the same. I have every confi dence in that dog. Somewhere/ in that old * house, there's a human oreatura hia,1 'di sure ?»:»fit.V!. ' ' '* 'Father?' - It was the voice of Ambrose thhb oniled. , Ooaald leaped to hia feet as if a bullet had , ' ' ' ? itruck him, and made for tie adjoining . ' room,' followed by the doctor and bis wife. Ambrose was sitting up in bed, a look of ' , oager. intelligence on his . white, haggard . face. . ? ' What was that you were saying abont \- , ^ the dog, father?' hey asked, as' Donald -„C-. . 1 ' reached him. . ' Is he watching at the old -. - . manor ?' ' _ ? 'That's it, lad, '? repliea tho father, my. \- . ing his hand npon his bead, while his rugged ^ , frame shook with repressed emotion ; 'the dog's' up there. But my son, I am glad to see \- you getting better.' . ' , The mother fell on her knees by tnebed, , ' and began to weepnoisily, while the dootor , ' - 4 -??proceeded to mix a composing draught with \- ,' *11 possiblo speed. ' Yes, father, I'm getting better,' Aimbrose ; continued. 'How long havo I been sick? ? ' - How did I get home 1 I can't quite remem r'-',/- , 'We, found yon up there, dead, as we ' '.' thought, and fetched you home, mvlad.' sobbed Donald. ^ . s ' Yes, yes— you found me at the manor, ; yon mean. There, father, pray don't worry, ':--!c:;:; ' ;.vi father, I'm all right. How long since you «. - .found me— ' \- ' 'Twas yester morn, Ambrose— Wednes- ^ day. mom.' . ? ' Apd this is Thursday ? Yes ; and the ' dog's there yet ?' ' There yet, Ambrose;' , - ?; ~ 'Here, you drink this, young man,' inter 1 ' , , s - posed Dootor Nugent, proferring his draught, 'and liebaok upon your pillows, and , keep ? ; ' . yonrbody quiet, and your tongue, too I'- Ambrose swallowed the draught, but did ; , . - , not follow the little doctor's advice. \- . i 1 ' Doctor, am I muoh hurt ?' he asked. ' 'Well, quite seriously ; but I'll have yon \- - , on your feet in a fortnight— ' ' Nonsense I I must go out to-day, at r » once I'' ? . : The doctor only laughed. ' 'aid the young man, turning c ? '-bis. haggard face toward Donald, 'get out \- !*the sleigh and harness Black Bess. I must go op to the Haunted Manor, at once.' father shook his head disapprov ; . 'I must go,' Ambrose continued 'to satisfy V-V. ~ ' 11 n-y.own eyes— to see what the dog has found. '''?f-tK'y ' \ '-.There waa a woman there,' his' white face . v.' , /flushing swiftly. ' X heard her. She may -* '*J ' bB-there now, father. I must go and see I \-- - Will you go with me ?' ~n ' ** ' ' A woman !' shrieks the danie, wringing . ' her hands. ' He's.seen the murdered lady's \- -1 ghost, .Oh, my poor Ambrose, enticed. into ? that, awful place on hiB wedding night, and \ i.%5- ? ' -'''cheated of his bonny bride.' ?? . 'Silence 1' commands the doctor, sternly. ' 'Not a word more, if you value his life, Youug man,' he continues, ?' if you're not a ::f-, *? , ' lunatio, you won't talk of leaving your, bed : ln W0°k- mncl1 less leaving the house.- The ' ,? haunted manor was searched , yesterday 'L* -, by the proper authorities, and not a soul ' -iJtWr ? found. Doubtless you wero decyed into a v?.'.'. ?; ; trap of soma sort.' ,/.«- . ' ' Spare'your woVds, doctor, please,' smiles the young patient, ' and mix me a strength ? J onlng draught like an obliging fellow. Here ? , ? mother, help me into my clothes: and, '* if, . fatlieri Hurry with the sleigh, will you ? ' wwclous heavenfl,' ho goea on, leaping aud / ''A* ? v aonly o'ut of beij, and standing tall and rcso , ' lutqgnd haggard in their midst; '-a day -ntgfct I've been lying here already, and ? V*. ?-'.-?ba may be dead or dying I For meioy's \- ' sake, father, be quick.' 1 \ ' Do the beBt y°u oau '°r him, doctor,'' ,.3 V * 'r*' ^ whispers Donald, as he goes out to harness ' ' : Btaefc-'BeM,- !' There is not a bit of use op ' \ 'i' ? ' P0B'nB bim ; . he'll go, if he crawls on 'his ? hands and knees.' ' 'Mere fool he,' growls. the doctor, pro ? ceeding to prepare the draught. ' I washmy '? ? 'bands.of the whole business. 'V ' Nevertheless, being a humauoand dbliging : ' man at heart; when he finds that hispa \- . tient really will go, Doctor Nugent accom i,\y paniesblm.a '* V- , .''Xta a. judgment sent upon me and him . *or lbe wickedness il've done,'' moans the : wife of Donald, standing in* the cottagodoor, 1 % 'as Black Bess starts off, all her silvor be(lls ringing a merry peal. 'Look at him now, Sfj&Siv; . my handsome lad, that I thought to see lsa v: :bel s, husband, well nigh murdered,, and his brain crazed, and it tho work of them wioked '? souls as haunt the old manor 1 '- 'Tjs a judg y.-rir-y'- ? ment onme; but I can't tell. Ican't.brcak ? ? . - ' Donald's heart, and ho a happy man so many ''yeiM. - I've, kept the secret so far, and. I'll . ';b(; D, ,- carry it to my grave.' , . 1\. ' ' . . ?- ' Look 1 thore's the dog. on the terraoe oriea Donald as they reach the main , 1 - gate, . Ambrose leans, forward and watohea ithe animal as becomes flying down to meet theihi ' - : 'MVhat isit,-my-good dog?'' ho calls. At sound of bis master's voice the dog goes. Into ecstasies, leaping upon tho soat, and licking the young man's hands, then with'-a wild, peculiar ory ho is oil again In the di rection ol the manor, ' Wo fnuat follow him, father,' says Am broae, quietly.:' Give me your hand— I'm very stiff and sore.'! !' ^.You'll. find, yourself worse than Btiffj boy,' to-morrow,' grumbles tho doctor, as Donald assists his son; 'nnd no one to blame but ?Joureolf.V 'V,- . - ; Ambrose ooly smiles in his quiet, reso lute way,' and, fastening Black Bess to a post, .the three : go on abreast, following the dog's lead.,, , W|. 'Asithey reach tBe terraco'the little dootor ujj iTiuipuuio uwonnuo gray iron t ot the: silent house. Ho does not relish the 'unaertaltjng at all, though he feels none uf :thp superstitious dread that curdles Donald's blood. ; Wo shall* find ourselves in a nest of thioves or counterfeitera, and got our heads smashed for our rashness,' ho mutters. : i'Bnt Ambrose takes no heed, and they go;on. Straight' into the manor, down the the dim, resounding hall, and up the dusty stairs tho dog leads, leaping on with wild, frantio barks that seem fraught with human entreaty. the old house is as silent as a tomb, as cold' ahd:fls cheerless under its winding sheet of snow.' Not a sound greets them, not oven a stray mouse crosses their way. Up, tho silont stairs, on and on down tho dreary length of the long corridor, until they roach the old library-roora, whioh opens into thi blaok draped anto-ohamber. ' Ambrose . follows the dog with steady, resolute steps, though his face is awfully wljite and his breathing sharp and short, and his- father and 'the dootor follow him. In the library, where tho dust-laden ? floor is stained here.and. there with drops of blood, the dog. pauses, with a long, wild cry, then ho leapa lnto tho ante-room and disap pears. r . -The three men follow him breathlessly, and finS him under the tattered black arras, scratching at the solid oaken panels. ? , 'What is it, my good dog?' cries Ambrose, tearing away the somber drapery, his face flushing with eager excitement. Tho poor dumb creature tries hard to tell, Hb.leaps to his master and caresses him, and then' throws himself against the panels, uttering plaintive cries. ' There's some creature hid about here,' remarks Donald. 'Ajr, father,' Ambroso answers, 'that there is, Hore, my good dog, where is he? Show me whore.' ' , The .dog throws himself against tho central panel with wild force and frantio ories. ' ? ' The dog's mad, 'growls Doctor Nugent ; ' and you are as white as a ghost, Ambrose. ?Come away, Donald ; we've had enough of this folly.' 'Go if you like, doctor,' Ambrose answers, curtly. 'I shall remain. Father, can there be a secret passage anywhere. here, think you? Some of these old border dwellings had them, you know.' 'I never heard of one in thiB house,' Donald replies, tapping oa the oaken boards. 'Thou, . fvhat : does the dog mean, father?' Donald shakes, .hft bead, in dire per plexity. Ambrose stoops had proceeds to examine the panels, every craok, and joint, and crevice; liut to no purpose. . His-broken arm and wounded limbs Dain him terribly, and he boglnB to grow siok and dizzy ; but some strange feeling within him, prompts him to stay. - ' I wish we had an axe,' Ambrose says ; 'I'd burst these panels in. There must be something behind them, Suppose you let me Teat a bit, father, and you drive-'ttver to Do tbam's and get an axe I Dotham will come with you, too, and he's a stout fellow. I wish you would, father I' Doctor Nugent gives utterance to an ox clamation, that we will.rofrain from record ing, and stalks out of the black curtained ante-room, in high indignation; but Donald, who has indulged and obeyed his handsome son all his life long, answers hesi tatingly : ' If I thought yon could bear it, Ambrose; but you look so white and ill — ' '' I can bear it, father — my will always was ;tbe strongest part of me,' the young man cries. ' Keep me in suspense-and doubt, and I'll go into a brain fever before midnight, . I muBt got at tho bottom of this— you'll go, father, -to oblige me ?' Donald turns to go, but he is barely ont of the room when a sharp exclamation, bom his son causes bim to hurry-back. ' Good heavens, father I look here I' the young man cries, his fingers on a tinysteol spark imbedded in the aclid oak. ' Can this thing be a secret spring?' As he speaks he .presses on tho ahining point with all the might that excitement has leut him ; and lo I with a sharp click the spring moves, and the oaken panel slides aside, revealing a yawning aperture, whioh looka io the amazed eyes of Donald like the mouth of the bottomless pit. The dog leaps upon his mastor with frantio criea of joy. Ambrose strokes his head, but it iB a full minuto before heoan speak, so great is his excitement. ' You are right, my brave dog,'iho gasps at laat ; ' you haven't led ua bore for nothing I Utavons, how black it is below therel Shout, father; perhaps some one will answer. I can't command my voice yet.' Donald drew near tho aperture, his face white and awed, his knees shaking under him. 'Halloo t Who's below therel' be shouted, lustily. A minute of breathless silence, and then, from some subterranean depths below, came a feeble voice in answer, . Ambrose leaped to bis feet with a cry of triumph. Father, did you boar it I A human voice — a woman's voice. ItJs she. For Heaven's sake, let me go down quick. Only think, she has been down there a day and a night. Let me go I' 'Ambrose, are.you mad?' cried his father, attempting to hold him back. . . But the young man half ^ beside himself in his . eagerness and excitement, eluded hiB grasp, and leaped through tho aperture, into what he, fauoicd to be a Bort of passage that would lead him to a dseconding stair way. But the instant bis feet touclied'the dusty flooring beyond, there was a sor£ o£ rasping sound,' arid swift as' thought, as if by the working of some unearthly magic,' the solid foundations gave way beneqth '-him, and the trap-door, on which ho stood, fihot rapidly downward,- hurling bim headlong into the black pit below. ? ? CHAPTER XIX. 1 .an FELLOWSHIP BBUETq LOVE. ; The Highland storms had blown them ; selves out; and on the hills where the snows 'were molting, and in sheltered moorland nooks, wliere the fitful sunshine fell, the tender green of springing grasses could be seen. ':?In tho old cottage-home, with the bleat ' ing lambs and the kids about its doors, Am brose Gerhart still lay, weak and powerleia as a babe. . . . ., Very near unto death bad he been— bo near, that those who' loved him best, bad kisaed his white lips, as they believed, for the: last ;timo,.and shed tears of bitter agony over' his unconscious head. *.-'Yet he still lived, and the early spring sunshine, streaming through the aisement, fell tenderly on his worn face and clustering hair. .;WJi£tber the genial influenco of the yellow sunbeams, or something more subtle, 'penetrated hiB stunned senses, wo know not; but his eyes slowly opened, and wandered from ono object to another, with n sort oi childish wiitfulnew, retting at last upon the face of the woman who sat watching beside hiB pillow. - - . ? Tho sick man's weary oyes reposed upon this faco, illumined as it was by tho' glory ol 1 tho setting sun, and to him it seemed the ? face of an angol. Through nil his hours of bitter pain this ; sweet presence had been noar him; whenthi very death agony olutehed bis heart and bii : feet touched tho brink. of the chill river, thii woman's tender touch had lured him baok to life ; the soft' breath of her smilino i mouth, tbo divine pity of her tender eyes, had soothed and strengthened him, even is his unconsciousness. ? . He looked up at hor, aa ho lay thore feeble and powerless, and tho light of a love that was deathless kindled' in. his oyes. He put forth -his hand and touched her sleeve. ' ' You are a stranger; I do not even know your name,' he. whispered; 'but your face is liko an angel's. I tbink yout presence has' saved my lifi). ? Will, yon sj-.esk to me?'- She 8tarted-from her fe'eot, a lovely flush flaming in her cliceks; ' Thank Heaven !' she oried, bending above his pillow, her sweet oyes swimming with tears, that smile npon hersweet mouth whioh a woman 'gives only to the man eho loves once and for ever. ' You will' live I' ' 'I shall' live. Yon havo saved me.' ' Nay, say not so,' her silken touch upon bis forehead, 'it was you who saved my life aud risked your own— well-nigh lost ii. It was your presence on that stormy night that frightened off my enemies, and gave me the opportunity to eacapo. But I will not thank you now, you aro too weak to hear me. Drink this and sleep,' \- He drinks the draught she proffers, and with her soft fingeis on his brow amid his hair, be falls asleep, utterly oblivious of all things,, of the whole world, save this one Bweet woman and the love he bears her. ! Miss Lenoro they call her in Donald's household, and as yet she has told them no thing of her life or the man who treoted her with such fiendish inhumanity, and ab sorbed as they have been in their solicitude for Ambroao, they have not cared to ask. For weeks sho has lived in the Highland cottage, shut in from the world and all her troubles by the white oirole of the Scottish hills, dreaming a sweet dream, learning tot the first time in all hor proud life that les son which sooner or later comes to- eviry woman, the lesson of love. Miss Trevethon, the proud belle of Lon don, the brilliant heiress whom no man could win, sits beneath the peaked roof of the Highland eottage, her eyes luminous with an infinite tenderness as they rest upon tho white, pnin-vrorn face of this man, who has served her, and saved her life, and won her woman's heart — won it, too, with out the asking, and he the . son of a sailor and a goat-herd, and she the descendant of ' a hundred earls.' Her cheeks flame and hor proBd boaom awellB aa Borne such thought croaaes her ' brain, and she rises quickly and descends to the kitchen, where the' mother of Ambrose is busy with preparations for the evening .meal. She looks up with ratuer a sullen brow at Miaa Trevethon's entrance. She is a good, kindly creature, this dark-browed Highland dame, but she cannotforgive this fair, patri cian lady, who has been tho cause of so mnch trouble. But for her, inatead of lying at the door of death, all maimed and crip pled, Ambrose might be the happy husband of little Isabel. She .looks up, sa^-atto unsmiling, but she draws forward the best chair and proffers it to her gueat. ' Sit down, Miss Lenore, if ye won't mind the smell of the cooking; and there's the papers, Donald fetched 'em from the post town, a while ago ; a heap of 'em there is. He wore an oncommon reader, the poor lad, and laid' out 'every sparo penny for the papers, and now he'may never look at 'em again, and they're a-lying here for him. It is bard to bear.' Lenore sits down, an unwonted flush on her cheeks, a tender brightness in her eyeB, 'Yes, it is hard, I know, for a mother's heart to bear,' she answers, softly : ' yet I think you may take hope now, for your son is surely better. He spoke to me a minuto since, and I left him in a sweet sleep.' - The mother glance's up from tho venison steak Bbe is preparing, her brow still clouded. Ambroso has spoken to her, this pretty, painty creature I Even if be lives, ha will surely iearn to lovo her, and Bhe will lure hiin into foreign lands. And ho might havo wedded little Isabel, and lived and died amid his native hills. These are the bitter thoughts that fill her mind as Bhe outs the red, juicy steak. Meanwhile Lenore unfolds the papers and glances over tbem listlessly. Her hoart is not with the great, gay world she has left, but with the man who lies under the peaked root overhead. Glancing carelessly a startling' announce ment catches her eye. It comes under the head of ' Marriages in High Life,' and an nounces to the proud Belgravian world, and to all others concerned, that Miss Lenoro Trevethon, the beauty, tbo belle, the heiress, was privately married, in compliance with her own wish, to . Richmond Trevethon, son and heir of her guardian, Sir Geoffrey Treve thon, ot Lyndilh Hall, and the happy young coupie have gone to Rome for tholr honey moon ; and thence for an indefinite tour, the bride's precarious and failing health requir ing the balm and warmth of southern isles and tropical aeas. ' She reads this, her cheeks whitening, her blue eyes flashing darkly, her proud heart heaving. But in one swift moment her emo tion passes. What does it matter ? Even thiB cannot move her, so great iB her, present content. Sho will let her vengeance rest ; Bhe will bide hor time. Even if she were cut off forever from her name and her birth right, it seems a light grievance in the gloryifying rapture of her new joy. She un derstands the old phrase, 'All for love, nnd the world well lost.' She throws the paper aside, her oyes , growing mistily tender, as sho looks up at the mother of the man who has suffered so ' much for her take. ' He is better,' she repeats with a strange girlish timidity ; 'and, thank Heaven, I am sure he will live now. It would, have been endless misery to me if he had died. I owe him such a debt of gratitudo l could never : havS'known another peaeetul hour it harm had come to bim. ' Ay, it would have been bitter if he had died,' repeats tbe psasant woman, 'It is bitter enough as it is, to see him on bis back, all crippled for life, perhaps, and bo is in the prime of his youth and strength, and to think ft was bis wedding-night when he was de coyed to that awful Haunted Manor.' Miss Trevethon 'felt all. the blood in ber body surging in a fiery torrent to her heart. ' His wedding-night,' she said, hor voloe faltering. ' Ay, bis wedding-night, and his bride the prettiest lass in tbe county, and bringing him a snug dowry besides.' Miss Trevethon riseB to her- feet, white to tho lips, despite all hor dauntless pride and self-command. In all ber lifo, in her direst peril, when bhe crouched in that black, reek' ing tomb, with a lingoring death her only hope ot rescue, aba felt no such pa'n, no such dumb despair as she now feels. ' Buti' she sets her white 'teeth bard and clenches her hands. She will die rather than betray her weakness. (10,11b OOSTDTOSD.) 