THE DEAN OF BALLARAT. FIRST SERVICES AT CHRIST CHURCH. EXCEPTIONALLY ELOQUENT SERMONS. The Rev. Linden Parkyn preached for the first time in Ballarat at Christ Church Cathedral yesterday. There were crowded congregations at both services, and in the evening many were nnable to gain admission. In the morning the dean preached a remark ably eloquent sermon from Matthew, xxviii., 19—“ Go ye therefore and toich all nations; baptise them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.” In the evening the dean delivered a most impressive discourse from tho words, “ A name which is above every name.” A name, the reverend gentleman pointed out, was used not only to indicate and to distinguish one person from auother, but also the distinguish able qualities of a man’s own mind and nature. The name of Wilborforce, for 'in stance, suggested the abolition of slavery, and that of Howard, philanthropy. The names of illustrious poets and philosophers, warriors and statesmen, artists and orators, represented not their personalities only, bat the qualities and forces which formed thoir characters and gave distinction to their lives. So it was of Jesus of Nazareth. His name represented an historic personal character, separable from every other person. What a wealth of truth was contained in His name f It might bo noticed that sometimes the beauties of the rainbow appeared to be expressed and epitomised in the little dewdrop, and so it seemed to him that in the name of Jesus the whole Gospel was embodied. It translated the great persou whom we called God; it expressed Him in the human heart; it was a suggestion of the advent of the incarna tion, of Bethlehem and Calvary, and of the beautiful home we had learned to call Heaven. There were numerous historical names of mar vellous signification. The temple of history was simply crowded with great names sugges tive of illustrious persons whose defence of virtne, fidelity to right, disinterested benevo lence, and for liberty, had enriched tho world with noblest charity. Men had been inspired by tbe lessous they taught, yet there still remained a yearning of the heart that was not satisfied, and a vacuum that was not filled except by Je3us, who was to save his people from their sins. In the name of Milton he he saw “ Paradise Lost,” but in the name of Jesus. “Paradise Regained,” in the name Luther, bo saw a reformer, but in the name of Jesus a Redeemer. “ Sweotost note in seraph’s song, Sweetest name on mortal tongue, Sweetest carol ever sung— Jesus, blessed Jesus.” ' The first thought he would call their atten tion to was that the name Jesns was expres sive of saving ability. • Some thought we could cure the world by education; some thought we conld cure it by improving the environment of men by sanitary precautions, congresses and conferences.. All these had their place and' their use, but there wa3 an evil which we could not touch by these means although it was disturbing the world terribly—and that was sin. I-. was wonderful what had beon done in the kingdom of medical science; but there was no physician in Ballarat or in the whole world who could cure dis honesty or untruthfuiness or impurity. Bnt as was shown in the c ise of the man who was sick of tho palsy. Jesus was indeed » physician, becanso He did not treat symptoms merely, but the root nf the disease, which ex pressed itself in symptoms. Then, ngain, they must consider tho transcendent supremacy of the nams. They knew that among men one name towered above another. There were names that would be forever famous in science and art, philosophy and law, poetry and litoratnre. The name of Victoria stood high in the courts of royalty, tlnlt of Bism irck in the councils of statesm msbip, that of Rothschild in the marts of commerce, that of Bacon in the schools of learning, and that of Wellington in the fields of military conquest, but the name of Jems rose in peerless grandeur abovo them all. Among the great names of earth thero were some that possessed almost magnetic power. For instance, if an army were wanted and the response wore lukewarm, men would rally round the name of ono in thousands; and so in party politic*, com mercial enterprise, and reform*. But no name excited so much interest, awakened so much enthusiasm, kindled so much devotion, or had won so much renown, as that of Jesu3. It was more eloquent than Cicero’s, more im perial than Caesar’s, and more conquering than Alexander’s, as it had a spiritual witchery for the world which these men never possessed. It was above every name in communicative influence. Arnold spread bis own spirit among his pupils; Raphael kindled in nil his disciples a suprome devotion to art; Napoleon made tho olficors of his army among the fioest generals in Europe; there was scarcely one in the whole British fleet that did not feel the magnetic influence of Nelson. But the name of Jesus swallowod no all others in the in fluence it exertod. Whisper his name in the hour of temptation and the foe seemed to retire: and inscribe it on the banner of their warfare and they conquered in the fight. It was the communicative influence that was the life and the root of re ligion. His name was above every nnmo in universal knowledge. Those of illustrious men wore only celebrated within thoir respec tive circles, and then only, nr at any rate generally, by tho special admirers of their own individual greatness and representative power. But the name of Jesus was known by men in every land; it was renowned among people of overy rank and age; it had pleasant sounds in every langn ige; it snited the tongue of every dialect: and for nearly 2000 years had been revered by all nations standing high in civilisation. Art painted tho name in glowing colors on the widespread canvas, or engraved it on the sculptured marble; poetry embalmed it by the perfume of her genius, and sent it down tho agos to be perpetuated for ever; music rang forth its silvery charms and sang an anthem to its praise, making melody for the people; ministers of the church devoted themselves to speaking the glorias of its beauties and missionaries, with their lives in their hands, travelled to tho ends of the earth to make it known; paronts taught the little children to lisp it in thoir infant praise, and that night in every nation Christians were meeting in temples of worship to praise His glorious name for ever and ever. It was above every other name in endless perpetuity. There wero great names of the past—mighty names that made nations tremble, illustrious names carved high on the pinnacles of fame—bnt thoy wero only as floating vapors now; and modern names so popular today would like those of former centuries recede from the memory of the world end be lost. He knew that they had a magic hold now, bnt their spell would be broken; tho tired statesman would fail asloop, the active brain would be stilled, nud like mis-ing stars the great ones would vanish from our sky. But the world held ono name that oonid never be lost. Other names might grow misty witii the years and float away on the stream of time until they wore lost to hntnan sight, but the name Jems would descend to tho latest generations of time, making them glad with the music of another world. Other land marks would disappear from tho horizon, bat tho cross of Jesus would stand for over a3 an ensign for the people. As they know, modern astronomers were hoginning to think that the sun himself would by and-byo, through long expenditure of light, bo shorn of it3. beams, and wander darkly through space with no planet to attend him. It might bo so; bnt J-isns, tho sun of righteousness, after “ray-ing” out the energies of light and heat and love on all generations of time, would fill eternity with undying splendor, and would for ever retain tho ineffable fulness of bis power. How many attempts had been made to blotont that name! How many attempts to tarnish its glory and cat off its remembrance! Rut nut of all schools of criticism aud fields of conflict it camo out 'that night to thoir longing souls, mightier than ever in its strength, comolinr than ever in its beauty. If they banished that name from every Bible aßd every hymn book; if they oonid remove it from every temple, if they could erase it from ovory monumental oolumu, they would unt have touched it, because it was writton on tho human heart and in the undying gratitude and affection of tho world. Other men had founded kingdoms, bat He had fouuded a church against which the (fates of hell could nob prevail;, others had conquered armies, bub He by love had conquered hearts; and the great names of this world—Constantine, Charlemagne, Napoleon, or Alexander —coaid not be compared to him, no more than Zoroaster, Confucius, Seneca, or Sooratos contd touch Him in His power. Only of Him it would not have been rash to make the promise—“At the mention of His name every knee shall bow." The dean then proceeded to address the con gregation in reference to his own ministry. He felt, he anid, that it was a very solemn re lationship indeed into which they bad entered —the relationship of people and vicar. He came as they knew, not only to anew neigh borhood and new surroundings, but to anew country, and ho was conscious that he must have great love. As he looked around at the work which had to be done he felt how great was his need and how great their need. Ho was not at all afraid that they would not heartily co-operate with him. They had a splendid record, and would they allow him to say that he had already Reeo that which taught him that in that church there were many loyal hearts and trne. One man could only do » cert tin amount;, bat he would do all he could, and if they did their best could humbly and confidently look for the blessing of God upon their • efforts. He felt that it was a great privilege to succeed men so distinguished, not only for their remarkable talents but their goodness. The fact h'»d its depressing side, because one felt how difficult to succeed them. He Btood that night in great succession, and he asked them to pny that he might boa worthy successor. He wanted them to understand that he believed in one form of Christianity, and that was an in tensely practical one. Their religion taught the brotherhood of the race; it taught most splendid unselfishness and he held that there was no doctor in Ballarat that night who was more bound to obey the cry of suffer ing and sickness than he, as a Christian clergyman, was bound to respond to the call nf the poor, the sorrowing, and the needy. Let them work together. He did not ask for their love that night. They coaid not give him that. Love was of slow growth. They did not know him, and they could not there fore love him; but he asked them to trust him, and to let him be their friond and minister, for Jesus’ sake. The anthem, “In humble faith," was effec tively, rendered by the choir, Mrs Carter sweetly singing the solo. As an offertorv piece the choir rendered the “Choral Sanctns" from “The Holy City” (Ganl), Mr R. M- West capably singing the polo part~ Mr J. S. Bailey, F.C.C.G., efficiently played the organ. ' 