[?] CRITERION— 'SOWING THE WIND.' ' A great reception intermingled with regret. That aptly describes the state of affairs last night when tho Brough Company made itB re-appearance for a farewell season. The artists, from Mrs. Brongh down, all met with receptions enthusiastic in the extreme, and floral tributes were more than usually plenti ful — which is saying a very great deal. The opening production — ' Sowing tho Wind '' — was a judicious selection, as Sydney Grundy's piay is now almost as well known as the Post-office dock. Any comment con cerning it therefore would be superfluous. But if comparisons must be made, then the present production suffers when its inter preters are placed side by side with those who appearod at tbe .Lyceum on January 26, 1895. It must not be inferred from these remarks, however, that last night's performance lacked merit. From beginning to end it was a success. As Rosamond Mrs. Brongh is ad mirably suited, notwithstanding generally bfi? emotional acting, such aa in Mrs. Tanqneray and Mrs. Ebbsmith, is, to a great extent, throaty, and interfered with by her natural characteristics. Rosamond does not belong to that heavy order, and consequently comes much bettor within her range. Mr. Titheradge played the part of Widower Brabazon with his previous sincerity and success. The cynical bachelor is a character on whioh Mr. Brongh dotes, and last night he did it every justicc. The part of Ned Annesley was practically wasted upon Mr. Ferris, who was too mechauioal, and a decided contrast to his predecessor, Mr. Cecil Ward. Mr. Harry Roberts made every pointontof the scoundrelly Sir Richard Cursitor, previously undertaken by Mr. Dorrington, Tho remaining characters were sustained by the Misses Temple, Hardy and Watt Tanner ; and Messrs. Carey, M'Intyre, Hards and WilBon. Tho bill will run until Friday night only. Last night's performance was witnessed by a large audience, whioh inoludcd Lord and Lady Hampden. * * * PALACE— 'THE DUMB WITNESS,' AND ' LIVING MODELS.' The ohange at the Palace last night was for the better — even though it may be but slight. ' Skipped by the Light of the Moon' made room for a triple bill which included rovivals of ' The Dumb Witness' and ' Living Models,' with a variety scenc sliced in be tween. Tho variety items certainly met with most j favor, the musical act, ' Melody and Mirth,' by Messrs. Wat- kins and Shirwin standing out most prominently. Mr. Harry Shine was amusing as usual with bis specialties, and Mr. John Gourlay also added to the general fun. Tho others who contributed were Misses Katie Towers and Blanche Wilmoit, and both were encored. Tho principal parts in what was billed as ' John Gourlay's thrilling dramatic epi sode, ' The Dumb Witness were sustained by the author,, who did good work as the dumb boy, and Miss Dora Mostyn, who was but fairly suited as Mrs. Wilton. In the second production Messrs. John Gonrlay as Nico demus Bonlt, and Mr. Harry Shine— the latter simply immense as Andrew M'Tavish — practi- cally carried it through, the remaining artists doing work simply of the average merit. Matinees are given every Wednesday afternoon during tho season. ana THE TIYOLI. The latest stars are the Selbinis, eight in number, who came with a great reputation as 'acrobats, bicyoliats, jugglers, musicians, and posturors.' That they came up to anti cipations was at once evidenced by tha enthu siasm with which their turn was received at both performances yesterday. Cer tainly, as acrobats they did not surpass tbe De'evines, whose business bore a striking similarity to the newcomers. But as oyolists nothing has yot been seen here to approach them. The chief features of the tnrns of the Silbons. and Stirks, and the Gorman champion. Professor Marschnor, we re done with ease, and the original portion of their turn may fairly be described as marvellous. The Stanflolds made their re appearance in a sketch styled ' The Giddy Curate and the Gaiety Girl,' but they did not meot with the usual approval, owing to the turn being mnch too long and their business objectionable. Mr. Philip Newbury wan iu excellent form, and his rendition of ' The Death of Nelson'' was artistio in tho extreme. , Iu response to the inevitable encore he sang | svith equal success ' Mary of Argyle.' Allan and Hart repeated their turn of tho previous week, but it has not very much to recommend it. Tho Allisons furthor added to their popularity, and in addition, Alma Groy, Chus. CogiU, Pope and Sayles, Mies Ada Baker, and several other favorites con tributed to the bilL o o o EOYAL — THE FLYING JOED ANS. Tho first change of bill took place last night, when Mr. John J. Burke's — to quote tho bills — ' musical burlesque, wickedly de nominated ' Mo and Jaok,' ' was produced. It lasts about an hour, but from beginning to end it has hardly a redeeming feature, and would suffer by comparison with the ordinary nonsensical mnsio hall farce. The author himself does most of the work, but though occasionally bo is funny, mora frequently lie iufliets gaga whioh should not be tolerated. Tho wire walking of Miss Virginia Aragon, and the turn of the Flying Jordfans, met with most favor. Mario and Mario deserve a favorable line for their work on tha horizontal bars, and the others who contributed were Howard and St. Clair, the Olifans, John Burke, and Miss Grace Forrent. The present entertainment, it must bo added, is not by any means onjmprovement on tho opening night. HER MAJESTY'S—' SIGN OF THE CROSS.' Wilson Barrett's admirable production has drawn very fair bouses during the week, but they have not been commensurate with its excellence. ' Tho Sign of the Cross ' does not depend upon tho regular theatre-goers to such an extent as upon those who from religious motives will not usually visit theatres. It was the latter class who made its success in London, and they should here also give their patronage to the ploy, if for no other reason than that of ita elevating character. o o a u THE CAT KING ' AT COOGEE. An interesting performance was witnessed by a largo number of people at tho Coogeo Aquarium yesterday afternoon, when Mr. Leoni Clarke, described as ' The Cat King,' made his first appearanco in Sydney. The animals under his control walk across. thin ropes, jump through hoops of fire, meander round amongst their natural prey, such as mice, rats, and canaries without evon smack ing their lips, have spirited boxing matches, and, finally, one especially fine Thomas climbs a rope right np to tbe high dome, enters a small basket, and, releasing this with its mouth, descends in parachute fashion into the hands of its master. Mr. Clarke has also many other animals, including some very clever and fanny monkeys, cockatoos whioh give a triplo bar Eerformanee, and a hare whioh beats a tam onrino. Both this afternoon and evening performances will bo given, and in addition to ' The Cat King' como firnt-clana orfciato havo bean on^agod. OTHER SHOWS. The first of tho tri-weekly performances by the Henry Dramatic Company was given at the Royal Standard Theatre last night, when 'Under the Gaslight' was prodnced. The priuoipal characters were very creditably sustained by Mr. Douglas and Mies Billie Howarde, and the performance generally mot with warm appreciation. Tho same bill will be repeated to-morrow and Tuesday nights. Tho Cyolorama continues to attract its full share of patronage, and tbe beautiful picture of Ancient Jornsalem, from present appear anoes, bids fair to hold its ocn for some time to come. It is a sight no visitor should fail to see. At Bondi the usual attractions are announced for to-day, and no doubt they will attract a goodly number. a o o The Cunards concluded thoir eaason at tho Brisbane Boyal last night. The Yaidis sisters and the Lenton Brothers returned to America on Monday. The Harry Eickards Company concluded . thoir Perth season yesterday week. The Pollards commence a four weeks' season at the Adelaide Royal on Saturday. Miss Loie Fuller, the celebrated serpentine dancer, will probably visit Australia in July. The Alfred Dampier Company at latest wore at Coolgardie. They return to Sydney shortly. Tbe Hayman Dramatic Company returned after a nine months' successful Northern tour on Mondav. The latest Christchnroh Spectator con tains an excellent photo of Mr. George Eignold as Henry V. The Ada Dolroy Company left for Towns vilie yesterday. The company, though small, is an excellent ono. The Elsie Adair Company, at present at tho Adelaide Bijou, will next play a season at the Melbourne Bijou. Mr. Teddy Lonnen ia said to have an excellent part in ' The Little Genius ' at the Theatre Royal, Glasgow. It is reported that Mr. Robert Courtneidge will revisit Australia beforo loug undor the management of the firm. ThePotter- Bellew Company aro doing good business at tho Theatre Royal, Adelaide. Thoir season olose3 on Friday night. Mr. George Rooks was tendered a bonefit by the Australian Eleven Minstrels at tho Globe Town Hall on Tuesday night. There was a packed house. Tho Ovide Mnsin Company, r^oently at tho Palace, were at Townsville on Wednosday night. Rookbampton and Charters Towers wero to follow. Mr. Henry Braoy concluded his season at the Melbourne Bijou last night, when a speaial bill was presented. Tho season was a fairly satisfactory one. Miss Juliet Wray, who recontly marriod an Auckland medico, will mako her final appear ance in Melbourne on Friday night with the ' Matsa' Company. Mr. P. C. Josephs, the woll-known basso, who procoods to London shortly, will be bone*, fited at Her Majesty's (late Alexandra), Mel bourne, on Wednesday. Mr. Harry Shine, the popular comedian, is shortly to marry Miss D'Alroy, the clover young song and dance artist. Thoy should do an excellent ' double' turn. Tho Harry Cog ill Variety Company con tinues to do good business in the Victorian provinces. They had a paolcod houso at Warr nambool on Wednesday night. The Smith Family of cyclists are at tho New Empire Palaco (lato Gaiety), Melbourne. Mons. Provo and several other woll known people are with the samo show. Master Gildon Hall, now appearing with suoh success at the Tivoli, is a pupil of Miss Ada Baker. He has a good voice, and pro mises to have a succossful career. The long-haired Paderewski is stated to havo cleared .£60,000 during his last American tour. Paderewski with his hair cut would never have bagged as many coppers. It is doubtful if there is a greater universal Australian favorite than Mr. Bland Holt. Wherever he goes excellent business is always the result. His presont Mel bourne season at tho Royal has drawn packcd honses from the start, and though Sutton Vane's melo drama, ' In Sight of St, Paul's,' has now \- been running for ^somo weeks, no r change is yet con f(templated. Mr. Holt f not only deserves Bucceaa, bnt usually commands it. A Perth paper states that when Mr. Ned Holloway made his appearance as The Ghost in ' Hamlet ' recently with the Dampier j Company, a lady in the audience wont into a fit. The Hay tars, who had the misfortune to bo quarantined on the Himalaya by which they came from London, made their Australian debut at Melbourne Opera House last night. The cost of producing ' Tha Sign of the Cross ' was .-£2000. A like amount was spent by Eland Holt when ha staged 'The Derby Winner ' during his lato season at the Royal. At the Melbourne Princess's last night ' Matsa ' was revived for a six nights' run. Tho company, if anything, is stronger than that which assisted in the original production. A Melbourne contemporary says that a oensor and overseer of music- hall songs will probably be appointed in that city shortly. It is about time one was appointed in Sydney. Comedian Dan Leno's salary for his present season at New York iB .£350 a week. There is not much chanoe of his being induced to visit us while ho can command Buoh a price. Mr. Frank Thornton had a hearty send-off at the Criterion on Friday night. Tho oom ps ny opens at Brisbane Boyal on Tuesday night for a abort season, after whioh they go further North. The Stage speaks of tho return, of tho ' actor, manager and author,' Mr. George Leitch, who intends producing tho ' Land of the Moa ' in London shortly. This piece, it will be remembered, was prodnced with moderate succoss at tho Theatre Royal, its chief recommondation being its beautiful Maoriland pictures. It was tho last pieoe tho Dacres appeared in. A London journal is starting a competition that should prove interesting as well as attrac tive. Its readers aro to register, by moans of special coupons, their votes as to which actor or actress is giving tbe beat performanco.in any musical play now running in London or the provinces. The artist coming out at the head of the poll will be awarded by tho paper a special brand of bioyclo. ' A Night Out' is going bo well — bettor than ever, in fact, at tho London Vandovillo — that, although tho management had arranged for a now piece to follow, it is very unlikely, in face of tho present business, that it will bo required this year. This is the pioco in. which Miss Pattio Brown plays tho comcdy part so admirably. ' Tha Two Little Vagabonds '* will not bo Bean during the present season of tho Zcnda Company at Her Majesty's. It will bo ro corved for their farewell soason, when it is probable ' A Royal Divoroe ^ will also bo played. In ^ho latter Julius Knight is said to havo an excellent part as Napoleon, Mr. Harry Paulton, the well known English comedian, and Miss Alma Stanley, the charm ing comedienne, arrived in Melbourne by the Orient on Thursday, and will commence thoir Australian tour at the Princess's shortly with ' A Night Out,' whioh has now passed its 380th performance at the London Vaudeville. Tho Taylor-Carrington Company wero to havo commenced a soason at the Calcutta Theatre Eoyal shortly after the departure of tbe last mail, with ' Ould Ireland.' Tho present is an ' off season ' at Calcutta, and as tho Strand Comedy Company is also in tho Bamo city, it ia pretty cortain tho alssh will oanso loos to both parties. Playwrighting among tie aristocracy is besoming somowhat epidemic. A ocrtain popular Countoss has, it is said, followed tho lead of tho Princess Maud and written a one-act play, whioh has been submitted to tho manager of a woll-known London theatre. Tho production of tho play ia a matter of timo, as tbo manager in question completed his arrangements for a considarablo period aboad como long time since. Georgo Darrell has left for Wostralia. Miss Beryl Faber, the clever actress who was here with the Brough Company, has heen engaged to play Barbara Gray in the revival of 'Sweet Nancy' at tho Court Theatre, London. Mis3 Mario Neileon, who plays the part of Stephauis in ' The Sign of the Cross,' haa six relatives who are parsons. Needless to say, tho young lady had not full consont to go on tho stugo. According to a contemporary, 'tho Firm' mode arrangements for Miss Millard and William Terris, the Adeipbi hero and heroine, to visit Australia, but at tho last moment tho contract was cancolled. Miss Alice Leamar ro- appoared at Mel bourne Opera House last night for a short season. Her engagement vfith Mr. Harry Eickards concludos at the ond of the month, after which she goes ovor to ' tho Firm.' A ' Tivoli' company commenced a tour at Bondigo last night. Among the company aro Edgar Granville, Martyn Hagan and Lucy Fraser, Emile . Lasorn, and a number of other popular favorites. L Mr. Marcus, manager of tho Rignold Com pany, is highly spoken of by tho Martriland Press for his Binging in 'Tho Lights o' London.' Mr. Marcus was previously eon nocted with tho Bulle Cole Concert Company. James Corbott, whom Fitzsimmons recently defeated, intends coming to Australia os an ' actor ' — sayo tho mark 1 Australia has seen J. L. Sullivan in that guise, and does not hanker after another of his class. Mr. Georgo Rignold has not boen very for tunate so far in bis Maoriland tour. Strange to say, ' Henry V.,' which is cer tainly his best pour trayal, and upon which ho principally depended, has been the least aneoossful. On Monday' night the company com menced a Boason at Christchuroh Royal with the ' Lights o' \London,' when Mr. jRignold appeared ns Harold Army tage. During the season in tbat oity, in addition to the piace already mentioned, ' Tommy Atkins,' 'Called Back,' 'Confusion,' and 'Henry V.' will all be produced. The mauy friends of Mr. J. C. Leoie, genoral manager for Mr. Harry Rickards, will be Borry to hear that he is soriously ill. ' My Fancy,' tho clever yotyig dancer, returns to London after concluding her Wca tralian season with Mr. Harry Rickards. Tho Government Printing Office Dramatic Society has postponed its performance of ' Alone,' announced for Tuesday night at tho Opera House, owing to the death of a relative of Mr. W. H. Levy, the manager. A Westralian paper states that ' Georgo Lauri and Marietta Nash have joined Rickards' Sydney Palaco Show.' A little bit previous. Mr. Edgar Granville appeared in twenty different characters in five nights at the Tivoli during the week. It was rather a big performance. A Press matinee will bo givan at the Royal on Tuesday to witness the muscular develop ment of Miss Lona Jordan. The Italian fruit song, by Miss Florrie St. Clair, is ono of the very few pleasing items in tho nonsensical burlesquo, ' Mo and Jack,' produced lost night at the Royal. It was, of course, a great improvement on her song of the opening night. 'A White Elephant*' will be produoed by the Brough Co. (at the Criterion) for the first timo in Sydney, on Saturday next. When produeed in Brisbane during their late season it was a great success, and the Press were loud in its praises, but the Tiheb must reserve its opinion until next week. The Elite Variety Company at Brisbane Gaiety continues to do good business. Last night a couple of Japanese, suffering under the names of Bimguro aud Itchi, and de scribed aa acrobats, tumblern and gymnasts, made their first appearance with the company. After concluding his engagement with Mr. Harry Rickards, Chirgwiu, ' tho white-eyed Kaffir,' goes to New York under engagement at -£150 a week. His stay hero has not been as successful aa one .might reasonably expect from a J2100-a-week artist. Tho Stanford-Barnes Company have not been ovor fortunate at the New Theatre Royal at Perth. The ' Silver King,' tbeir principal draw, only ran five nights ; and their second production, ' Parson Thorne,' was somewhat roughly handled by tho Press. The theatrical representative of the Sundat Times has ree-oived a further sum of 7s 9d, collected by Misa Ada Baker, of tho Tivoli Theatre, on behalf of Mrs. Cruncher. This brings the totnl amount oollected by MUs Baker up to J31 13s 3d. Owing to the success of the Flying Jordans, it is most probable that another American variety company will vie it, Australia shortly. Negotiations with that object havo already been entered into. 'Little Egypt,' who figured so conspi cuously iu tho recent Seeley orgie at Nmv York is to visit London shortly. This is tho young lady who in the course of tho trial consequent on tho orgio stated proudly »he 'posed in tho nude for the sake of art.' Miss Gladys Leigh, who wont to Maoriland as a member of tbe Darrell Company, has entered upon tbo thorny paths of manage ment, and commenced a eeason at tho Christ ehurch Opera Houso last week. Tho opening bill was ' Tho Coining Woman,' and ' Dream Faces.' Mr. Harry Riokavds is paying us a flying visit just now from Australia (says a London theatrical journal). Music-hall patrons will recollect the time when tha air was redolent of ' We're Not Dsad Yet,' 'Cereviia She Was Beautiful,' and other ditties whioh Mr. Rickards mado popular. Mr. Fred Duval, manager of tho Pollard Company, Btates that during tbeir fiftoon months' Maoriiand tour ,£3000 was cleared. The company numbers 60 members, and carries wardrobe, scenery, aud general pro perties for twenty-seven operas, burlesques, and comedies. Duriug the Stanford-Barnes season at Perth a drama entitled 'Tracked Down,' by Mr. Frank Barnes, was produced. The Perth Morning Herald speaks favorably of it, as follows: — 'Mr. Frank Barnes is to be con gratulated on having produced a drama that, although written to suit tho horror-loving soul ol tho ' people,' is not without a touch of originality. The brighter scenos iu tho play espcoially aro worthy of praise, inasmuch aa the comedy is not of the ' low ' type familiar to tbe melodrama, but is really amusing, and never vulgar.' Mr. George Alexander, the well - known Londoner, apparently is as popular a man as he is excellent an actor, and ono lady at least recently won a dozen pairs of gloves through his Rood nature. It waa during bis last visit to Leads that a lady wrote to Mr. Alexander asking him if, in taking his fiaul call at the end ol' ' The Prisoner of Zonda,' bo would remove his wig, as sho had bet a man she knew a dozen pair of gloves that ho would do an she asked. And tho lady won her bet. Mr. Fred Storey, having beon so succossful as Rip Van Winkle iu the London Alhambra ballet, has been tempted to make his appear ance in a specially prepared version of tho old legend, written by S. J. Adair Fitzgerald. In this the romantic side of tho plot will bo brought into great prominenoe. In addition to playing tho principal part, Mr. Storey will paint tho whole of the scenery, and also pro-, dnco tho play. Verily Mr. Storey ia three clevor gentlemen rolled into one. By the way, anothor Australian visit from this popular artist would bo decidedly wolaome. AN ACTBESS' LIBEL ACTION. Recently Mis3 Marion Terry brought an action against tho St. James's Budget to recover damages for an alleged libel. The paragraph complained of was as follows r— ' That clever and delightful actress, Miss Marion Terry, ceqn on the hoards all too seldom of late, will coon desert her profecsdon . altogether, for it is now an open secret that as. coon cjs hor term of mourning Bhqll havo Easaed, Miss Terry is to bo married to her rother-in-law, Mr . Morris. ' — Plaintiff's sister, Miss Florence Terry, who had married Mr. Morris, died in March, 1896, loaving fonr motherless children. The defendant (Mr. Edward Stein koplf) admitted that the state ment was without foundation, bat denied that tho words bore any defamatory meaning, and .??11- said that a! full apolocy and expression of regret hadjbeeu published. The case was tried before Mr. Justice Grantham and a special jury'in the Qneen's Bench Division. Without leaving the box the jury awarded Miss Terry j?500 damages. o 0 o A CHAT WITH MR BROUGH. Mr. and Mrs. Brough entered upon their farewell appearances last night after twolvo veurs of excellent work in AustraJasia. Dhatting with a I'lsnss representa tive yesterday, Mr. Brongh stated that so far ho has not decided on his fu ture, and cannot possibly do so unl.il he arrives in Lon don andsees 'what Fate has or has not in store for him.' The Australian public has not alto gether appreciated tho efforts of Mr. Brough to such an extent ns those efforts undoubted ly deserved, bnt it is not on that account alone that t.he popular manager is about to leave us. Tho many years of incessant toil and worry have naturally told tbeir tale, and it is prin cipally for tho pnrpose of recuperation tbat the step has been taken. The travelling, which in the first instance acted as a stimu lant, is now tiresome, owing to the disappear ance' of its novolty ; or, to quote tha manager himself, ' it baa booome a regular griud.' Recalling the many productions for which he has been responsible, Mr. Brough considers that ' Dr. Bill ' was the most successful as a draw, if 'Jack Sheppard(' which was pro duced in tbo early days of bis management, might be excepted. ' The Second Mrs. Tan queray,' ' Caste,' ' Niobe,' and ' Tho Amazons' followed much in the order as given. The repertoire for the present season has already been published in the lines, and those wbo Y?ish to see the last of tha clever company should not fail to do so at once, for the soason is limited to five weoks, aud .other dates will prevent tho possibility cf their' again returning, a c o T M-A-T O'KELL AS AN ACTOE. Sp8akiug of the performance of Max O'Rell's 'On tho Continoug' at tbo Royal Court, Liverpool, the London Stage thus refers to the author's own impersonation of John Per kins : — 'There will bo little difference of opinion as to Max O'Rell's powers as an actor. In a part suitable to him ho would undoubtedly give a good account of these. Ho is full of fine and expressive gesticulations, his delivery is clear and full, and ho has a koeu perception of points and a knowledge of stags effects which was of infinite value to him during the course of the play. Had he undertaken to elaborato tho part of the Major and put him self into that, we should unquestionably have shared in the pleasure of Beeing one of the most delightfully played ' French ' parts on tbe stage.' At tbe conelnsion of tbo play Max O'iiell was oalled before the curtain. » » o CHEEBFUL ENTEETAXNMENTS. A morbid fever in the matter of amusements appears to have soizwd Parisians (says a writer in London Peijcan). In place of tho bright brasseries and cheerful cabarets at which they were wont to find lively relaxa tion, an over- increasing number of dismal resorts now appeal for public patronage and favor. Skulls, skeletons, colfins, and ail the trappings of death form the embolli&hmauts; of these places, dismal music is played, and tho waiters aro dressed as mutes. Amid those horrible and depressing surroundings a certain class sit and drink and sinoke and, I presume, weep, for I cannot understand any ono short of a Mark Tapley being lively undor the circum stances. It is all very curious, and must point, I think to a wave of mental aberration, whioh is passing over that which was once tha gayest oity iu tbo world. » ft 0 DEATH OF MR. CHAELES RYLEY. Playgoers will be sorry to h9ar of the death of Mr. Charles Ryioy, tbe well- known bari tone, perhaps one of tbe best-liked artists who has visited these shores of late years. Mr. Ryley made his first appearance on any stace at Her Majesty's Theatre, London, in 1883, in pantomime ('Tho Yellow Dwarf') as a super carrying a banner. Later, be went on tour with D'Oyley Carte's company, who were then playing 'Iolauthe,' Mr. Ryley being in the chorus. Whilst, with D'Oyley Carte he understudied for Frederici, who, onr readers may remember, died suddenly ou the stage whilst playing in Melbourne. Later on Mr. Ryley went to the Savoy Theatre, Londou, and played in 'Princesu Ida.' Then he appeared at tho Empire in ' The Lady of the Locket,' a piece wherein Haydeu Coffin made a big hit, and Florence St. John and Henry Bracy both played. Subsequently ho joined the Vokes Fumily, and played a round of parts with them — old man, juvenile, &c.; It was with tha Voke3 Family that he learnt his dancing. Af tor this ha returned to Lopdon,and accepted an engagement with Arfchnr Roberta, and appeared in a piece called ' ludianna' at the Avenue Theatre. Mr. Ryley twice toured the English provinces with a strong company, and also played leading parts in ' Dorothy,' ' Tho Red Hussar,' ' Doris,' &e.;, at tho Loudon Lyric. His engagements with Messrs. Williamson and Mnsgrove and Mr. George : Edwardes aro too well known to allude to, his work in ' Tho Gondoliers ' and ' La Mas cotto ' being amongst bis best. Our artist has sketched tho deceased actor in the character of Captain Charles Goldfield in 'A Gaiety Girl.' u a o AliTISTS' RECEEATION. It is sometimes interesting aud frequently J amusing to Isarn how those who spend much of thoir timo in endeavoring to amuse tbo publip manage to amnso themselves in their hours of ease. From that remarkable work 'Who's Who*' much that is entertaining under this head is to be extracted, as tho following little list of some notable London players will show. Mr. H, V. Esmond, for instance, affects a tasto for poker, Mr. Cyril Maude cycles and shoots, Mr. George Alexander golfs and rides, Miss Elien Terry reads, drives, and yachts, Misa Violet Van brugh finds delight in sitting iu the open air, a very economical amusement, and Mr. Tree rides,- but whether a horse or a bicycle is left to tbe imagination. Mr. Edward Terry culti vates flowers and reads, Mr. Jumea Welch plays cricket, Mr. Johu Hare tricycles, and Mr. George Grosamith oscillates between fish ing and lawn tonnis. Mr. Wilson Barrett's pot recreation is ' working,' Mr. Penley shoots and boats, ItJr. Courtioe Pounds swims, rows, and oyeles, and Miss Deciraa Mocre sweeps the cobwebs trocn her hrstins by going to polo matches and race meetings 1 G o o NEW MUSIC. Messrs. W. H. Paling and Co. forward tbe 'Australia 'Waltz,' by H. D. S. Irwin, dedi cated to Lady Hampden. The themes aro fell of melody and rhythm, and tbo whole composi tion is admirably worked out, and sbonid become generally popular. We have also ro- | ceived from Messrs. Paling the 'Kelvin Waltz,'' by Amy Holt, dedicated to Lf.dy Nelson. This is a spirited composition, with a rhythmical swing and graceful refrain. Of tbe many movements the second is deoidoclly tbe beiit. Fully 200 people attended at tho Broadwood Rooms, G'jorga-6treet, on Thursday, to bear tbe ' Bridal Wii.ltz ' performed by Miss Maud Fitz-Stubbs and full orchestra. It wan a signal success, and much enjoyed. Miss Fitz Stulibs was congratulated most heartily, and was tho recipient of several handsome floral tributes, including ono from Alice Charbonnet Kollerman, with a handsomely painted oard with the following words: 'To Miss ilaud Fitz-Stubbs, the waltz composer of Australia — ' Tbe Heather,' ' Orlando' and ' Tho Biidal.' 1 Bile louche le piano a msrceills.' ' A tiretty oomplimcut from ono artiste to another/ Tho waltz is cuuunauding a big sale, the first edition being sold iu eisht days. A number of red-gum logs, which havo been buriein damp soil for 35 years, were unearthed in the City-rond, Melbourne, the otlxjr day, and found to be as sound .as a bell, withputtho slightest indication of decay. Ono. of tha largest will he sent to Englaud as l|nn illu stration of tho durability of Victorian hard wood. The equipment of tho German arir.y with quick-firing gnus, nt a cost of .£10,000,000, indicates warlike intentions which will not be relished by the peace-loving nations of the world. France 'will now probably get .£12,000,000 worth of similar guns I And so the game goes on, and no one can sac the end of it. THE LATE MR. CHARLES EYLEY, j As Hn Appkaiusd ik Tin: Uuulksqub op 'The j Gaiety Gibl' Wbi:k Last in Sydney. I 