DARTS I New provorb : Iu si tunllitudo of city couuctllorB thoro ia no wiadom. A now dauco has boon invented which is bound to attain phouotnauul popularity, tou waltz for n whilo ; then tho uiuaio changes, and you go off into a corner and hug. According to nu American Mirpi'i1, thcro may bo nomo doubt about n holt boyond the gravo, but there iB no doubt ubfUS (hero beiug ono thiu aide of it. 'A lady who makes liny white tno sun shines' is (ho latent d'.'.flniliou of a grnaa widow. A Btipeudinry niafjiBtvato gonornllj dls misBos palmistry ca^fl. Is ho a boliov&riu; bahd.rtndiug? Thin fidvorfmoinout takes tho calio : — TO PKR80S8 OP POSITION. 'Xlf la us oany for n cnmol to pnts tliroiiijli a noeAlona fora rioti uinn to outer iuto tlio KiiiKaom of liearau.' TttY OUIS UNIHPLA.MM ABLE C0FFIN3. / A Bathnrst nowapnper writer wants to ?know wtio i'» tho man whoso walking-bUck fetches him homo nt night P And now evory othor man in tho community ia won dering if Mint editor has a down upan him. Whether it is right or wrong to fjiko politics into tho pulpit soonu to dnjioiid with mout men on whothor the politics pronched hurts or helps their party. Many Colonial churchos, tho AiohbiBhop of Canterbury ndniitfl, are in need of financial nGsiatanco. 'J'hk Annow rtovor hnow a church that wasn't in uoed of financial assintunco. News conidH of a ghost having walked in a convent iu Hungary. The result was ft panic. Hungarian ghosts must bo vastly different to those which floiirinh on this Bido of the clmnnol. Here thoro nro only panics whon tho ghost doesn't walk. Tho quontion : ' At which ngo do Colonial bovH Kfcirfc Hluokint/ niirarHttos ?' wan riUHnil in the course of a flro iuqunab lir.it week. Tho coroner confnR.iod bin inability to throw any light on tho subject. But ono of Ihfl jnrora waa able to deliver judgment. Ho had raised nix Colonial lioyn liimnolf, nnd liiw experience was that they started to mnoko as soon aa they could spit. A female drunk, charged tho othor day with drunkennoHK, pliuidod tearfully : 'Oh, .do give mo another chance, your Wor ships! — and I will pray for you overy night,' Sovon daya' hard. Bench ovi dontly have no faith in prayer, or considers itself paat praying for. A countrymnn ankod an ox-mombor of Parliament, ' What do tho mombera do whon there'll v. very Into sitting ?' ' Do I'1 was tho rosponse, ' why, some of 'cm play nap, somo of 'om drink whiaky, Homo of 'om talk, and moat of 'om go to nloop.' Which, on tho wholo, must bo regarded us a protty nccurato statomeiit of tho position. He is a well-known manlier, and they say ho, ImB determined to marry only for money. It is himself who him nffordod grounds for this opinion. Ho wiir invited last week out to a 'ninall and early' iu tho suburbs— nu hia hont.oaa anid: '1 wnnb to introduce you to ono of my piirt-icular f riomls— a very nice young lady — and she's worth hor weight iu gold.' Hin reply waa hiconio, but to tho point: 'Stout girl, I hope.' 'i'ho compa in a certain newspaper offico up in a. country district had a novel surprise party just a fortnight ago. They woro buny 'picking up stampa' one afternoon, whon 'ii young lady outornd quietly, nnd, walking Htriiljjht up to tho comp who had the curly hair and the oarotully groomod moiiHtnclu-, nho chifijicd him round rho neck and planted on hia blusiiini; cheek a ldaa that was fired off with :i report like a pistol nhot. llul'oro tlioycpuld rite to theaitualion nhe wan gone. When they did line, it wnfi n rifling «n 7)ihmc. From foreman to P.D. they rose in a body and rutihed pull-inollfor the door. But nlui had vaniahed. And now thono who weren't kinued wnnt to know what they had done to bo left out of tho oulortfuumont'. The soil, of thing wo may expect to read in tho S'wsioty pupern of, miy, 11)17: — Tho bride looked very well iu a travelling (Irons, but all oyeu wore centred on tho groom, lie woro a dark unit that perfectly fitted li Ik manly form ; a largo bouquet decorated hia coat, and iu bin daintily gloved hand he curridd a bouquet of lilioH, roBcn, and maiden-hair fern. His hair wan cut cloHe.and a delicate odor of Imrlier'n oil limited down the iuhIch aa iio pnrjiml. 'I'ho youii'V ))n(ij)lo will iniiiH him now that; he is married. Ho in loved by all for bin many nccomplinhments, bin tender gnuii'.-i, mid bin winning wiiyn, Tho brido column nd-i a Rood Hillary aa a typewriter, and th,, ..room will not. mifiH any of the luxurlcii to which he him been accuntomed. A. crowd of pretty young men saw him oil at tho l-lllLlYflJ' nl'lUUllJ. A loader of nocioty hud hor reolingn rathor uiiveroly rnllbid tho other evening. It. happened at u nodal giilheriiiL'. Tlio louder of iiociety arrived ralher lute, and wiib iiliowu into a Hunt hc-iido a little wuiiniu very quietly dreoaed, who promptly held out her hand and nuidi ' How d'ye -[o, Mm. ? ? ? ' The Btiitoly and corgyous iioeit'ty diuno diHi-Hgardod the proffered hiuul, nnd in her froatient tonea romnrked : 'You havo the advantage of niu,'.1 Hut. tho littlo woman wnii equal to tluieinHrgiMicy. ' SVhv, I Itmiw you twenty yearn a;;o,' nhe niiid. 'I have not tlio Hlightrml/ recollection of it,'rofcortoil Her Social Highiioim, 'Then your mnniury ia fnilin|r,' ol-.:eived tho immU«f woman. 'I reeollenl; inn.st dki. tlnotly your uerviiiff mo, Lnt mo dee, were you in tho Inco dnpartmonl., or waa il; j{1ovob P ' '.I'hnli point wn« not clonnid up, and thn quoHtlcn la now travelling round, ' Wan nlio in the Inoo dnpartmoiit or wnn it ffloVOil P' 'I liouv tluvt inillo (join her curly hair from Imr father,' ' .1 dni'o niiy | ho'ii iv barlior.' 