RELIGIOUS NEWS. Anniversary services in connection with the Woodside Wesleyan Church were held on Sunday. The Bev. P. C. Thomas preached morning and evening to large congregations und in the afternoon addressed the children of the united Sunday-schools (Primitive and Wesleyan) with their parents and friends. A combined choir rendered the anthems, " In Jewry is God Known," " Teach Me, Oh Lord," " Thine, Oh Lord," and " Come, Holy Ghost," Miss Attenborough singing the solo in the last-named. On Monday there was a public tea in the institute, followed by a meeting, at which the hall was full. The Bevs. J. Allan and P. C. Thomas de livered short addresses, end the Bev. G. K. Wheately spoke at length with great power. During the evening musical items were contributed by Messrs. Bennett, Blunt, and Hutchings, Miss L.- Correll playing the accompaniments. At the conclusion of the meeting a public supper was held. Archbishop O'Riely .visited St. Thomas's Church, Knntnantoo,'**^ Sunday and ad ministered tlie sacrament ■of confirmation to a good number of ohihlteh. After the cere : mony his Grace ailareased the children,, urging them to stand'firm in their resolutions against the evil influences with which the world might tempt them. The anniversary of the Mount Barker Wesleyan Church will bo held on Sunday next, when the Bev. T. A. James, of Port Adelaide, will preach morning and evening and conduct a children's service in the after noon. On Monday a tea, public meeting, and supper will he held. A very successful sale of gifts in aid of the self-denial fund was held by the Mount Barker corp9 of the Salvation Army on Wed nesday. At 2.30 o'clock. Mrs. Allen opened the fair, referring to the good work accom plished by the Army, and sales were carried on during the afternoon and evening. The stalls, which were tastefully decorated, were presided over by Mesdomes Oborn, Baison, Pope, ana Ellis, the MisBes Watson and McColl, and Mr. W. Oborn. Selections and solos were given during the evening, Captain and Mrs. Wright, of Strathalbyn, Captain Campbell, Lieut. Zander, and visitors from Stirling taking part. The net proceeds amounted to a little over £9. On Sunday afternoon a flower service was held at Christ Church, Strathalbvn, and was largely attended. The floral offerings were beautiful, and they were, with the offertory, forwarded on Monday to the Children's Home. On Monday evening the vestry of Christ Church, Strathalbvn, was consecrated by the Archdeacon of the diocese. Canon Morse, assisted by the Bevs. A. Wheeler and Popjoy. Appropriate hymns were sung hv the choir, and tiie ceremony wss concluded by an j *i,„ a.„i 