THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. Ou Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45-Crowu laue, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year- old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney, He was up and about and able to answer the kuock at the door. Although pale aud bearing still the marks of a critical illness, aud a period of pain, it was very clear that he wasau iuvalid on the rapid road to convalescence. Iu reply tu the preliminary questions he said. "You waut to know ml about «i< cue! Well, I aui glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who aro stricken as I was." "How loug were you suffering?" "Well, twelve months a^o I got Ri bad that I had to leave tiff work, aud I have doje nothing since the.i. About five years ago next Christmas, 1 met with an accident: I was badly scalded while taking a bith in Pitt-streec, Sydnoy. Since the accident I have, been in failing health, and after four years of gradual dcvelopuieut of the tnala-ly, I was forced to give up my billet at tile Glebe Island." "What '-vera the symptoms." "Sin.'ply iud'tscribable. The pains were soniethiug terrible. They wore just al.iouc as much as I could beat. They were for all the world like ai it a saw were cutting my bones in two iu every part of uie. I ha i u» control over my bowels or bladder, ami I was a nuisance to invself and every one else. I was incessautly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd of March last, I sa-.v a well-kuown doctor and he told me that niy case was utterly hopeless. However, be save tne an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make u^e of the order." '•No, I came homi and went to bed, and have- been' pietty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; iu fact, I could uot get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days wheu I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending tne, and did ail he could by opiuin and morphia pills, to ease the agouy 1 was iu. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locemotor ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, aud difficulty in co-ordinaticg voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patieut kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed iu the adveri* . J ..a.Inn tko onpa nffi>l>h>ll tn t"llI' tisement describing the cure effected in the case of auother boiler-maker in England, which read in the " Australian Workman" by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Ptople. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, aud seut for a box, The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat aud sleep as though uothiug was the matter with me. It was the fivst appetite and rest I had for mauy a day. It was incredible. I immediately left my bed and was able to move about. I have takeu four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I cau walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually but surely, recovering my former vigor aud vitality. You see those crutches there. They are perfectly new, aud I have uever used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak-to use them, aud now I don't want them. ; All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is XOO per cent, better," said llrs Jarvis, who had come in aud taken the baby on her knees. The Piuk Pills have saved his life, and made auother man of bim. A frieud who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years youuger that day than tan did a fortnight previously. "I cau now," said Jarvis, " have a cold bath, aud all the feeling has come back in my legs.' If I keep ou going the way I am 1 hope to be able to resume work as a boilermaker, aud you know I have to be iu the very pink of health aud strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the clianire and benefit to these Piuk Pills. They have saved my life, lam in uo pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a b^x of opium aud morphia pills which the doctor attending me gave me to deadeu the excruciating pair.. But they cau stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has beeu amazed at the change iu me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My beiui; about again has caused quite a sensatiou out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said iu all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the manv disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale aud sallow cotnulexion, general muscular weakness, indigestiou, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains iu the back, nervous headache, eto. 