LADIES' GOSSIP. chat about musio. mistaken ideas and other things. social note? ... By "RITA." T be Melbourne Hunt Club ball lurs been postponed from 13lii August to 3rd September, and will take place at the Frahrnn Town Hall . that evening In the presence of the Governor and Lady Bracsey. Nearly Uic whole of the audiences nt the Huutbourg converts was composed of womun. R is always the why. Women go to concerts men go to— well, where one wonders do they go? Certainly not to concerts. And why do people call Mr Jnkuff linmbourg "Jack?" J suppose It ts an easy way to escape saying his name, which Is a puzzle to some. It Is pronounced "Yarkoff." Mr Mark Ilam- bourg's resemblance lo Anton. Rubin stein lias often been remarked upon, if you are nble to compare the compositions of the younger pianist with his predeces sor you will find tho resemblance there nleo, in more ways than one. Have you seen the Impromptu dedicated to Madllo. Helen i'hipps, and tliu Romance "to my dear friend, Felix Moschcles?" The for mer has spontaneity to commend It, 'and mows the composer has musical Ideas of his own, and ingenuity in using them. It has caught on here, and Is not beyond the capacity of many players. Some people are tinder the impression thnt It Is technically difficult. It Is noL But If you have heard the composer play pieces that ore technically simple— for Instance, J'adcrewski's Minuet in -A— you will sec how much' playing can be put Into a comparative trifle. If you pride yoursc-lf upon touch, delicacy, etc., this Inst Is u new piece you might like. 1 am led Into this gossip by a correspondent asking me to suggest up-to-date music. These ore amongst the newest pieces:— Strelezkl's Menuct a ('Antique, Petersen's Scandi navian Dance, Ideme's Scrotmde a Co- loinhlno, B.ichmann's Grande Polonaise. These ure all new pieces of varying de grees of difficulty nnd style that will en able you to find something you will like amongst them. Peters editions of Mo dern Masters of the Pianoforte. No, 2818, contains a vnhic impromptu by Raff; Morning Salutation, by Jensen; n Ber ceuse,. by Grelg; and a song without words by 'tychlnkowskl, besides other pieces that jjo not present difficulties to a fair plnyok You will be Interested In comparing tills modern song without words — which Mr- Mark Jlambourg plays— with classical lledoiy which, of course, you know something about. "Writing the word "classical" 'recalls to tne that some worthy souls stay nwuy from, und others go to, those concerts, and give us their reason for either course thnt these concerts are purely classical. 'J'his is wrong. Classical, romantic und modern— too modern, ono might sny, without being hypercritical— music has been heard. Tho latter classes of music nre probably introduced Lo mnkc (he concerts "popular," Yet It is all "classical" .to some, and ndored and gashed over, or uhjectnd to on this score!. If Irving came and condescended to give a little Uilng by the present Pool Laure ate, or Kipling — some trifle — or a scrap by some modem minor poet, who Is almost un known outside his own clrctc, you would not brocket such things with Shakes- l>e:tro, Milton or llotncr us writings. Though they might show certain aspects of his art, they would not give the same scope as dramatic writings, and It might be fairly questioned whether he should ndcHccnd to themj Most people would, prefer to hear him In something more' worthy of him. it Is only because the average ponton cannot understand thnt thcKimo Intellectual "rending" applies to music, that Uioy prefer what Is little bet ter than Uic up-to-date version of the morcenu do salon of Uic trashiest writers. But, then, tts T said, mostly . women at tend— yesterday afternoon It was a case of women— women everywhere— and few women have a ghost of an Idea about tlio Intellectual tildo of music, however deft their . fingers may be, or gush ing their emotions ! Somebody Is nure to be angry with me for that— be- < cause It Is true! The Maypole fdte In aid of Holy Trinity Sunday school, ..Balaclava,, will be opened by tlio Mayor of St. Kllda next. .Saturday afternoon, in Uie St. Kllda Town Ilall. The following nre aniongHl those who will taku part In the entertainment:— Produce Stall, . Mcsdnmcs Drought, Ulchnrds and Clarke; cuko ntall, Men- dames Battle, Hamilton 'arid Norton; toy stall, Mesdamej F. Grey-Smith nnd Tenre; fancy stall, Mcsdnmes A. Cum mins, J. N. Browne and Kimms; refresh- ment stall, tho S.S. Teachers, under Miss Robertson; llower stall, the Misses Orclg; sweet stall, Mrs Ballhache and the Misses Perry; side shows, bran plo, lucky bag, microscopic cxhlbiUons and shooting gallery. Amongst others assisting are:— Misses Florrlo ' Lewis, Fanny Lyndliurst, Nora Dune. Rosalie Hansen nnd Messrs II. J. Inge, J. N. Stevens, Brooke, Moor- head and Ponsford. The tableaux will be arranged by Mr and the Misses Walcrfleld. A Maypole dance will be given afternoon and evening. Hon. sec.. Misses Cotmlkcrc and A. Hall; lion, treasurer, Mr II. , W. Bullhachc. . Arrangements are being mode by Mrs Armytnge, of "Coino," South Yarra. for holding. a garden fete. early In October, in'aid of the Church of England Jubilee Fund. - Tho first meeting of the com mittee In charge of the affair took place 011 Thursday, in the Town Hall. The Bishop of Melbourne presided. The fete will take, place 011 Friday, 15th October. The Governor and Lady Brasscy have promised to attend, and Mrs Freeman Thomas will bo one of tlio stall-holders. Tho East Melbourne Bicycle Club's danco on Wednesday evening wnu held in tho Hibernian Hull. There were 16 dances, nnd tho dance was most suc cessful, which wus duo to the energy and ability of tho hon, sec., Sir Frank b. Roche. Amongst LIiohc present wore Miss llnrdwlck, Miss Rorkc, Mlsu Nash, Miss Fltzslmmons, Miss Edith Rorkc, Miss Smith, Miss E. R. Smith, Miss M. Worrell, Miss.Tomlden, Miss L. Anderson, Mrs C. G. Morltz, Miss Amle Michael, Miss E, Davis, Miss H., Davis, Miss G. Browno, Miss D. Har ris, Miss M. Hmlloy, Mrs Claringbohl, Miss Webber, Miss V. Webber, Miss, It. Brantley, ' Miss. L. Fowler, Miss Lily Johns, MIrh Cndby, Miss F. Michael, Miss N. Prince, Mrs E. W. Rudd, MIhs G. Anderson, Miss U, Litton, Miss A. Johns, Mlsn Rodgers, Ml as Davidson, Mrs C. Greenwood, Miss A. M'Manus, Miss J. Delaney, Miss I logon, Mlsu H. Abrahams, Alius Mcndoza, Mrs C. Hchwabesch, Miss Smcrdon. A carnival In aid of the funds of tho Prahran Women's Franchise League was opened in the Old Town Hall, Pruh- ran, by Mrs A. C. Mncdonald. Tho pre sident of the League (Mr G. A. Maxwell) introduced Mrs Mncdonald. Mrs A. C. Mucdonnld then declared the bnztiur open, und business began. Hie even ing's programme was varied. This even ing there will bo a fresh programme. The stalls aro :— Refreshments: Mrs Aunlta Claringbohl. Plain and Fancy Work: Mrs Morris. Flowers: Misses Tlsdnll, Drayton and Macdonald. Pro duce: Mr Lindsay Hutchcson. Pictures and Artists' Requisites: Mr Eaton. Con fectionery: Mr Gulllot. Silverware and Jewellery: Mr Isiwls. Brush wore: Mr Mulshull. Books und Stationery: Mr A. Swlnborn ; white a most Interesting stall Is that of Mrs Swlnborn, where goods, tho work of tho inmates of the Elizabeth Fry Retreat, are for sale. The Dux Cycle Co. show bicycles ; while Madam Salghls palmist. 