Hit %rib Ipttmor, Reality is the tack that punctures the pneumatic architecture of hope. The mim who is really doing a great work is seldom conscious of the size of the job. Fortune's ladder has no top. No man ever stopped climbing for want of another rung. Mrs. Isaacstein (engaging servant)*- 'I hope you haven't a young man?' Bridget — 'Oh, no mum, he's nearly fifty !' Maud— 'Miriam is trying to keep her en gagement a secret.' Martha — 'How do you know ?' ' She told me bo.' Visitor — ' Is your father as old as he looks?' Son (whose father is an alderman)— ' I don't know, l)ut I'm sure ho isn't as big as he feels.' Bertha — 'What is the height of your am bition, dear?' 'Mario (blushing) — 'Oh, something between five aud a half and six feet.' ' Do you think you could learn to love me, Maud?' 'I don't know, George,' she answered softly : ' I might. I learnt German once.' Dyer—' Sour wife bought these cigars, didn't she, Shaw?' Shaw— 'Yes. How did you guess it?' Dyer— ' They're in such a pretty bos.' Cuttau Thrust — 'That young Dumleigh has got more money than sense.' JJulham Bluntly — 'I didn't know he was rich.' Cuttau Thrust — 'He isn't.' Ethel— 'They say that Blanche is to marry a man old enough to be her grandfather.' Florence— 'Why, everybody knows there is no such man.' O'Hoggarty — 'How is poor Duffy comin' on now':' McLubberty — 'It's nearly re covered he is from the b'atin' he gev his woife last Satherday noight.' He— 'If we should decide to elope to morrow night do you think you could get your trunk packed in time?' She — 'Oh, yes j pa and ma would help me !' f Wife— ' How people gaze at my new dress. I presume they wonder if I've been shopping in Paris.' Husband— ' More likely they wonder if I've been robbing a bank.' Willie— 'It's always in damp places where mushrooms grow, isn't it, papa?' Papa — 'Yes, my boy.' Willie— 'Is that the reason they look like umbrellas, papa ?' Bridegroom (wealthy)— 'I wonder, dear, how you came to marry an ordinary fellow like me?' Bride— '1 haveu't the lease idea. Mamma managed the whole affair.' Flippant Cockney (to countryman)— 'Are there many fools in this part of the world, my lad?' Yokel— 'Not as I knows on, air. Why, d'yer feel a bit lonesome like ?' Emily— 'lam so unhappy. I begin to see that Arthur married me for my money.' Iler dearest friend — ' Well, you have the comfort of knowing that he is not as simple as he looke.' 'Did Cynicus encourage you to send in your picture-?' asked the artist's friend. ' Yes. He intimated that it ought to be exhibited.' 'What did ho eay?' 'He said it was a sight.' 'Conductor — 'Did 'you see the man with the child?' Driver — 'No.' Conductor — 'He's the proudest father I ever met. Insisted on paying full fare for the sixmonths old boy.' Mrs. Mann (meeting her former servant)— ' Ah, Mary, I suppose you are getting better wages at your new place?' Mary — 'No, ma'am. I'm working for nothing now; I'm married.' Haskcll — ' What's Bobby crying for ;' Mrs. Haskell — 'Oh ! tho poor boy caught his finger in tho pantry door.' Haskell — 'H'm! he evidently didn't get the jam he was looking for that time.' Mother (examining the proof of her small son's photograph) — 'Johnny, why didn't you smile '{' Johnny (aged six years, with an in jured air)— 'I did, mother, but the man didn't put it down.' Edith— 'He told mo I was so interesting and so beautiful.' Julia. — 'And yet you will trust yourself for life with a man who begins deceiving you even at the commencement ;of his courtship !' 'Grandpa, how old are you?' 'I am 87 years old, my little dear.' 'Then you were born 80 years before I waB.' ' Yes, my little girl.' 'What a long time you had alone waiting for me.' Judge— 'Have you anything to say before the court passes sentence upon you ?' Pri soner — ' Well, all I got to say is, I hope yer honor'll consider the extreme youth of my lawyer, an' let me off easy.' No matter how strongly a man pretends that ho doesn't believe in ghosts it may bo doubted if he ever goes by a churchyard at midnight without feeling as if something were going to grab him from bohind. A Venetian who had never travolled save by gondola on visiting a friend in tho city was placed on a balky horse. He took out his handkerchief, held it up, and exclaimed — 'No wonder. The wind is against him.' ' Won'tyou take thissoat ?' said tho gentle man in the tramcar rising and lifting his hat. ' No, thank you,' said the girl with the skates over her arm j ' I've been skating at the Ice Palace and I'm tired of sitting down.' Husband — ' I have made all sorts of sacri fices for you. Now, what. did you ever give up forme? Wife— 'What did I over give up for you ? Well, I never ! Why, I »gave up half a dozen of the nicest young men in town. 'As you say my daughter iVwilling to marry you, I must tell you a secret. There is mad ness in our family.' 'Indeed! You alarm me 1 What is your daughter's mania?' 'Her mania, sir, consists in her willingnc-BS to many you !' She — 'Major Pomjnelwell wears three medals. I wonder why they were given him?' He— 'He got the third because he had the other two, the second because he had the first, and th6 first because ho had none at all' M Where,' said the auctioneer, addressing an audience of possible purchasers, 'where else on the face of the globe will you find in one place copper, tin, iron, cotton, hemp, grain, game ? ' And a voico from tho crowq replied— 'In the pocket of my younges'; eon I' ' ' ? 