Crumbs, Zoo. Hot. Fine. Beaten by 49. Cricket defeat. Getting warmer. Pacific engineers. Madame Harpnr. ' A " thirty-sixer." Munificent bequests. Orizaba off to London. Better luck in Sydney. International baseball. Something like charity. Excitement cooled down. Princess Louise improving. Loeking around and ahead. Circus—Last day and night. Theatre—Two performances. Customs revenue looking up. Sir Fowell got away at last. The English mail has arrived. English letters this afternoon. Cricketers have not lost heart. Inquest at the Port adjourned. Bank panic in the United States. Sir Henry Irving is having a rest. Arthur Chapman had an accident. American bankers committing suicide. Barometer at 10 o'clock to-day," 30 01. An old -Navy Surgeon put himsolf away. Portuguese celebrate Indian centenary. " Queensland snakearrived safely at the Zoo. The Yarra has been the scene of a collision. \- Is France going to England to have her ships built? With an avalanche of financial disaster comes suicide. Nothing more to hear about that Asiatic cholera. That suspicious case at G-lanville is not yet finished. Notice of reduction "in certain water-rates published. Marchioness of Lorne is recovering from her illness. " R. J." is a liberal colonist, and deserves to be thanked. Inciting a srtjall boy to resist a big constable is ingenious. Fitzgeralds' Circus off for a country tour after to-day. Several South Australians in the A.N.A, Wheel Race. Holidaymakers are beginning to settle down again to work. Devon Consols Company had a lively meeting last night. Port Adelaide Produce Depot to receive visitors to-day. Another big cycle boom starting in Melbourne shortly. Powers of German Courts of Honour have been extended. The American filibusterer scuttled, and six Cubans missing. The Rev. James Clarke claims £5,000 for injured feelings. Honest Tom is to go on wearing out; his boots in London. The public doffs its hat to that charitable gentleman " R. J." Sir Henry St. John Halford, C.B., joined the great majority. Are any windfalls coming the way of the Adelaide Hospital? The people at Port Victor appear to have" spent a very jolly time. To-day marks the anniversary of the landing of the Danes in England. The Sydney Hospital has received a windfall, and expects another. The largest cycling race in the world—the A.N.A. Wheel feabe, of £500. Port Victor has not been a "sleepy hollow during the Christmas holidays. Sun rose at 4.43 a.m. ;.sets at 7.1 p.m. Moon rose at 7.34 a.m.; sets at 9.14 p.m. Some revolations promised concerning the murder of the Bulgarian Premier. The notorious Parson Clarke has made a heavy claim for false imprisonment. One hundred and fifty- one nominations for the Australian Natives' Wheel Race. Two hundred thousand bags of wheat passed through Victoria for South Australia. Financial troubles in the North-Western States of America are becoming serious. A Sydney doctor had been taking drugs for insomnia, and then he gave up the ghost. It is expected that land at Esperance and the Norseman will be in demand this year. The breezes at mining meetings always freshen up after a " slump" in the market. Those people who have been away for the holidays now have to get into collar again. "A Shareholder" objects to the way' in which the shareholders' money has been squandered. A son of S. R. Wakefield has met with a shooting'accident, but is progressing satisfactorily. The driver who caused the collision with a cable car in Melbourne is committed for manslaughter. Her Majesty must be relieved at the favourable bulletin concerning the'health of the Princess Louise. Fiscal issue will be subordinated in New South Wales during the elections of the Convention delegates. Several American bankers who have been ruined by the collapse of their business have committed suicide. The South Australian ^leven by losing yesterday are practically out of the running tor the Sheffield Shield. The most pleasing features of the match from a South Australian's point of view were the performances of Lyons and Jones. "I feel it impossible to say how touched and grateful I am for this act of sisterly sympathy from the women of New South Wales." —Lady Duff. French Press strongly advising Don Antonio Canovas del Castillo, the Spanish Prime Minister, to pacify the Cubans before Major McKinley takes up his duties as President of the United States. - The general view taken by the German public of the new order regarding Courts of Honour is that, although it will enable officers to meet civilians m satisfaction of their honour, it will not pat a stop to duelling. Plausible excuses can no doubt easily be found for the course pursued, but that it was in contravention of the best traditions of the game and contrary to what has always been oonsidered to be the ethics of first-class cricket, is indisputable. It by no means follows that the result' of the contest would have'been reversed had the Melbourne men " played the game" throughout instead of descending to manoeuvres of wbich they themselves must be ashamed, but the chances are that such should have been the case. _ . " We have never failed to recognise the invaluable services rendered by George Giffen to South Australian cricket, or to admit his claims tc rank as one of the first cricketers of this or any other $ge, but he is not a success as a leader, and the sooner that fact is realized and a Garrett or a. Trott unearthed the better." Seasonable Sentiments in Melbourne.—A legislator in Parliament—" I have no hesitation in saying that the Premier has broken faith in this matter. I repeat it, and if the Premier does not like it he can lump it. As for the Minister of Railways, we never can get anything fair from him or from the department of which he is nominal head—the figurehead in-fact." The Minister of Mines—" You. re only tendering to a' few votes." 