A Sydney Miracle. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. The Interesting CaBoof Mr Thomas Jarvis, who pays tliat a few. weeks ago ho was Crippled-Partially Paralyzed, Suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, and Holpless. Doctors, Hospital Authorities, and evory ono said he must Die as his Case was Hopeless. But thoy wero mistaken. To . dtiy he is a Now Man, full of Life and Energy, his Crutches ho has Thrown Away, his Dead Limbs have Life, his Appetite has Returned^ and, in Tact, ho lms a Now Lease of Life Out and Out. So much interest has boon shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published tho facts again as thoy appeared in tho Australian Workman a few weeks ogo One afternoon our representative made his way to tho home of Mr Thomas Jarvin, 45 Orown-lano, Ultimo. Ho was discovered nursing a two.yoar.old baby, and hia face declared him to be one of tho happiest men in Sydney. He wns up and about and able to answer the knock at tho door. In reply to tho preliminary (juesbiona, he sivid : " You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to toll you. Tho facts may b« of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ogo I gob so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next. Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the nccident 1 hivo been in failing health and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Globe Island." " What were the symptoms f" tK Simply indescribable, The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a s^w were cutting ray bones in two in every part of me. I had no con trol over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone elso. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or Bleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. How ever, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order 1" uNo ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever Bince. Five weeks ago I could not walk across fcho floor ; in fner, I could not get oub of bed. I felt then that it was all over with mo, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in; I was un der him for five or six weeks. Ho came to the conclusion that I was, suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the epinr»l cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never got the uao of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just-as a drowning man will graap at a straw, I grasped at nn idea conveyed by the adver tisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the 'Australian TFovhnan,ly Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Peoplo. I read in the advertisement of a case which seomed to fit my own. . I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway and sent for a box. Tho effect was'as marvellous as it was mngical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It w;is the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and way able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink pills during the past four weeks, and nm now taking tho fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, bub surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutohes here 1 They were made for me before Igob Dr Williams'Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don'b want them. All I want is thia sfick, and I hope soon to do without it. You Bee I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent better," said Airs Jams, who had come in and takon tho baby on her knees. Dr Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said j that Jarvis looked ton years younger that' day than ho did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all tho feeling has come back in my leg^. If Ik^epon going the way lam, I hope to bo able to resume work as a boiler rnakor, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have | been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all tho change and benefit to theso Pink Pills, They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and fool like a now man. On tho mantelpiece there Is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave mo to deaden the excruciating pain. Bub they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows mo has been amszed at tho change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being aboub again has caused quite a sensation oub h're." Such is the remarkable history, and con firms what is said in all the chiof newspapers of this* country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williama' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also tho many disorders which ari^u from an impoverished st vte of the blood, such as amentia, pale and Billow complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, lose of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in tho back, nervous hood ache, &c.; Those pill* are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with tho full naino, Dr Williama' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers gener ally, or the Dr Williams' Medicine Co'mpany. Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on re ceipt of Ktunps or post order one box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s 9d. New South WuleB represented afc the Con vention by BixFroofrftdiTB- RoidjOarrufchors, M'Millan, Brunker, Walker And Wise--and four protectionists- Barton, Lyne, O'Connor and Abbott. HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PlLLS.--Few persona are so favoured by circumstances or so fortified by nuturo, as to enable them to pass uuBoathed the soro trials of an inoiemeat sea* 1 son With catarrhs, coughs, and influenzae ovorywhere abounding, it should be universally known that HoUowaySi Ointment, ililigcntly rubbed upon tho ohest, checks tho worBt as saults of these maladies, and eeouroly wards off more grave and dangerous diseases or the throat and lungs, The truth of this assertion must' remain unquestioned in the face of thousand** of unimpeachable living witnesses, who have personally derived tUo utmoBfe possible benefits from this treatment when their present fiuffer inga were appalling, and thoir^future prospects roost disheartening, Both remedies aot admir ably together. ADVICE TO Motiikks.-Aro you broken in your rest by a sick child guttering with tho ituin of cutting teeth ? Go at onco to a chemist nnd get a bottlo of Mits WINSLOW'S SOOTHING Syiiup. It will relieve tho poor sufferer imme diately. It ia perfectly harmless, and pleasant tnst. It produces natural, quiet sleop, by rolieving tho child from pain, and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes the child, soflons the gums, allays nil pain, lieves wind, regulates tiio bowels, &ud; is thb best known remedy for dysrmtry and diarrhcea, whether arising from teething war ranted to cure all discharges trom the Uriuald Organs in oitlior sex (acquired or constitutional) Gravol and pains in tho back, Guaranteed other causes. , Mrs Winslow's Soothing Syrup Sold by Medicine dealers ovorywhere at Is l£d per bottle. 