Chapter XXIX.—( Continued.) August SOfcb. _ The lovely golden' moon—August's queenly moon—is in full splendor in the deep blue sky and shining over the tranquil breast of the quiet sea. It is close upon 10 o'clock. /Nurse O'Tbolehas the night duty, a light office now, for Mary djangrishe always sleeps tranquilly and easily.-: 1 have never'found she needed sleeping draughts and took good care to say so in presence of her husband.•. Nell is in bed sleeping like a child and I have come to my room, her room rather, though she still prefers the dressing-room. I feel too restless to undress or go to bed. I keep think ing of that lonely trysting-place, and I wonder if that ghost story,is true or due to an extra amount of grey matter secreted in a cell of the O'Hooligan brain? I sit here writing nothing, for I have nothing to write,: tracing these .idle words, feeling all the time that something is drawing me—draw ing'me glowlv out of this/house out and over the. quiet lonely road that leads to-Dead Woman's Hill. I have-never been there, but I seem to know it so well.' Gan T resist the • power? Shalll obey it? . ' I will. I must. _Be it truth1 or phantasy, a trick of imagination or a story got up-for a purpose, I am determined to find it out. ' I will put on my bonnet and1 cloak, and then 'tell Nurse O'Toole I am going for a ' walk. _I/often go out in the evening for a stroll .'in' the grounds. She will think it nothing unusual. I can leave one :of the French windows unshuttered and'return that way.. I fancy the servant has gone to bed. , She is fond of retiring early;and getting: up late. Yes, my mind is made up., I will go. • 'August 31st. . With quiet nerves and steady pulse, and ■■ facing the bright daylight, can I believe in the existence of haunting, spirits ? Unable to rest in their own sphere, bound by some inex plicable law of which we' wise mortals know nothing, . to return to some spot of their vexatious earthly pilgrimage? , ' ■ \- Can I,' I ask myself, .believe this? I only lenow that last night when, between 11 and 12, I found myself at the foot of that ill-omened hill I most certainly ahd distinctly saw the face of the very woman I had nursed and! laid out for dead in the hospital. ■ ' \- Crouched at the foot of the hill on a heap of stones, her shawl drawn about her head as She boy-O'Hooligan said, so the figure sat as I approached. The full moonlight made every thing dear and distinct I know my eyes played me-no- tricks. . And the strangest part of all was that I felt not the least fear. I saw it and stood a fev/L paces off coolly regarding it, and sure in my own mind that it'was a real being • . and that the story had'a very rational founda tion. ' v : ■ But suddenly the figure lifted its head and looked at me from .out of the shrouding folds of'the shawl.' Then indeed I knew 'what fear was. The deadly! chilling terror that stops one's heart-beats, that makes the hair bristle on one's head and grips the frame with an icy grasp, that leaves the limbs powerless to obey the instincts of the brain. ' Such a moment of - such a terror was mine. Then it passed.and I ^eW.Aalto, and' looked back at the;'haggard face with only, a sense of wonder. '.-v Here was something that I knew belonged no'Ioager to tliis world in which I moved. Here, in likeness of its old self and yet with a fearsome,, indescribable charge in it, was the face whose eyes I had closed* the lips .whose curses'still rang in my ears. ;; I must state here that from themoment the fear.passed out of ine I became conscious of a certain pleasurable interest Jn the phenomenon before me. I had witnessed-death so often, in so many ghastly shapes and forms, that it . had ceased to alarm or distress me.. It only left ,a haunting desire in my mind to know what really happened afterwards—themoment of. release—what did it really mean 2—was all of ■ earth forgotten?—could the whole"mysterious personality of the " ego" change and accept its spiritual garb as it would nave accepted a present of new clothes on the earth plane 2 . These ■ things had perplexed _ me ■'• many times.. Now. for . the first time in my life came ; an; opportunity of j question ine: a spirit, about, whose' authenticity - I had no manner of doubt. It was a re markable face—one not. easily forgotten—and the most singular circumstance about it was . that as the shawl fell back I noted the hair was cut short, just as it had been in'the' hos pital.- - I looked at her and as I looked I saw her slowly rise, and the full silvery rays of the . moon streamed down upon the ghastly 'face ■ and sad despairing eyes. I thought she was about to spealq but she only stood there look ing at me. " "Who are you ?' I asked suddenly. "Will • you tell me your name 2" There was no answer. I felt perplexed, but not in .-the least alarmed. Maybe I have to thank the blood of my Scotch ancestry for that. V • "Can you speak?" I went on. "Is there anything you want 2" _ • Then,'whether it was voice or sigh or im pression I cannot telV but to my brain, not in my ears, came four words.. Only four words, so strange, and to me, so unintelligible that I write them down almost unwillingly. ! • They were these— " The Black Cap waits!" And then—well, then, I looked only at a heap "of stones and a sloping hill on which the moonrays streamed. . - 