on Tn0 BTORY OF A MYSTElRIOUt MONOGRAL,, ly MIns. ., SHELDON, Author of "GrOazi'. MJtake," "Faithful Shlrley." CHUAPToR XXX. AN INQU, lrTIVE VOOLAN HlOLDO Tin KsT TO A TANTALIZING MIY.TvOnY. "You" oalot pardon nan ol womenO'o o qtia'tv'o so, my young friend," ,Min For. teoq'°i t ton in an apologotio tone, se she saw hinm, ,h.ogain at her questiono. "but yU soa o. Idy resemble o 0me one whom I uneed tob w, that I con?oes to a feeling of at cu ?ty to learn something of your A'cbi, iucd at hoer frakohneo, and hio heart lel with sudden hope upon being told b roesembled some one whom she had onoc t'vwn. It h.d laya boon a groat gritf to him that oo I-- of mystory had surroundod his moth l eaoly li o. Ha h b ''orshippod her with all the strongtlh 'cis bojiah hoart, and many time, do bo"r-r last illnoes, he had boon upon .th Fat of aekfng her to toll him ametblo ther life, before she had met his latothr? had who her relatives were j but she I , eovdod all ouch inquirioes so often, wi'.. nho wan well, that a feeling of delloloay trained him from ooylng any. thi?g .0 o y boher while oho was ill. "I carc R toll you whore I was born, Mios F' ,kh o," Archio replied, as he 0rated hit call booldo the strange woman, and end Lmo" impello? to oonfido in her, * for i d It know for a certainty, I am inclined oi think, however, that it must havo hb?o in Australia, for that is tho firo p'ao of which I have any definite ro meoubas' a, although I have also boon in Indo at. dtranco." " Who ran your fathor?" " He -ao an Amorioan-a nat:vr of dasaohbl atte, and his name was the same as mma 8 Ao far as I know, I judge h'" anst ha' been a somewhat restless and \--ner.ly man, for he ran away froo hom ) he was only eooventeenou yeas old. and pd an a sailor. Why hoe never roturnoo ho land of hie birth and hie Sfrond, rnot ay my uncle seemed iL =olinod t' ?k that it wan beoause of n morbid 'L ao-that, having defled hio father, a olioeratoly out hlmself auonder from his )lily, he was too proud and oh a inato r 0 e back and mahe ovritorea of Speace O'o?;. I myoself havo but a very -lnditin' nImembraooo of him, an I was -quite he ? hon he died. "A o"A ' of yyears afterward my mothes ":marrsd Ao? " Arohio resumed, ofter o ,thougnti Jauoo, "and for a little while we were y oomfcrtablo and happy In o new boo But this condition of thiong did not I, for her husband doaB, an, d was vory kind to no both. 1Her health floalty itr. to fail, and she died of con somptios hen I woo between twelve and thirteenroof f ge. John Fletcher-that was the ,no of my step-father--boore more of oruto than over after that; ht pat rpn ltho hoardooest nd moee rcpul stv woir. he would even have madeop thef ol onbut I ran away from him, hie myself o hbo od a stoamer bound for Amorica, a?d o oeoaped him," Aro le nproceododtog ivoe hisfstneor, who oppeased to be intensely Interested io his story, a description of that ovr e memorab, voyago; of his sojourn with Mr rlori his blaer wrethod o exporienoe "t.o ,oh Grout, and of that romantic railway lvonturo near ilUrawoerry Hill, whoh reasdted so strangely in the dlooveory of 0ri unio. He handothing but plosaent Ihr?ug to relat. o eIdiog his uftter lill. a unny brook, lto the time of the doeah of oir Wllilgtml , of whom he spoke with deep affetion old emotion ; while hie foeqgeno b iooreoreooto "my cousin,' were obuhare. torisod bhnsuh tenderness and admiration, thatl.osForteoequo was not long In doter. mining tao real state of his feelings to wa?a her s "Yoarllfe han boon full of romance, my youog Iihd," she oemorked, when he had flolbhod his story. " It io very cnd that \- o- ou stonl havo loost yor parent when oal oung, br ,.,coT loirtuat that 17ou fell into the hmds of our uncle, whoeoom; o to bhvc been a foe moan, and deserves great "cedilt for the moannor in which he has rered yon" "He wos Indeed a groat man, anod lovoed him dearly,' Aohio gravely repliod ; "but beloeve that my mother mooldeo my cbaracter before 1 waos twelve y0ar0 old. I do not beolieve I could c0vr 0av, gone rery hor ast0ay a0 long au I tr ?m b.redlhr and her taoehings." "I wish every mother mi the world or.a,, hear you soy that, eo that they might t0au 0ne lesson to hoear,' said Mi o Forteaqo,, .earnestly. "It go3 to help provo a thouoy thsat I have always hold--tot the earl influence of mothers opon their ohild, o, does more for them than years and yo.ma of od?oaiOO afoterwaod. lut I imaglit that you woere nuuaolly fond of ynuro." "" oho wao the weootest woman I ort ns,, anu she had a way of imorcooomt truoas and maxima upon my mitd 0u tho I havo never forgooton them," Archio h sp)naed, with grceat oarnestnoc. '" Tat is oortaily a very high trlbut0lo her, ' Miss 'orteaquo remarkeo. ' \VaW Bu an Amorican, aleo t" 'Ho) I think leO wmn English iy butt.' 0 oulh Ikehio5i 0a3 E glisL-on't y0 bnow I" .INo. I am not oure, for ohe wao eoood igly reticent about that oubjoct, au mwe.l as oboat ovorythlog oloe, ond she neve tao.d se ything abou nlr family. hL ws flnely oducated, howaovtr, and spqle three langhluges sh 10u0ncy. aho wi, molsola, ?uo--pyioyg the piano, and oit. ag aelightfully. 1 roemmOer tollmig hir ltOo, that 1 did cnot behlivo e an angel coi? haus sa seeter voic than eho p?eoootei. iWhoeer she was." Aboeio cocluded, wn(t ,a rih " soho had Overy mar0 of a ocu.turo lody about boher, and I am oure that soh im.ab hbvo bolonged to line family." '" t iu very otrcngo that bho n000r 0 yon anythig about her parents, and lro .home of bhor childhowd,' ohoservd !til .Fot?oqnso regardimg him ourriously. " YTe, 0t boha s0emd no to m, at Ieyi sines I oboamo old enough to reason ,bui the mattor,' AochbO answered. " thsoe was atwajo a vein of sadOnSO bohoo her that mau exceedingly ?atbutto, and i have sometimes thougnh that her early Ilflo muot nare bobn owcuhodowod by ooms pecnliar sorrow cf which she cuuld not bcI i Yea have no 00opicion regording tie ntuo of it f'" ".ot the rlighteot." "Do y0u thhnk she woo happy ribh yO own [other t' I am afraid not; for I can remcmbhL dlod, and when 1 OoroO her why obu o 0, sho noold hog mo to her paoionearl7 Ono that o~ U woib a giog d mac, a nbl0 man 00 hnoaobls mon.'" "b " o ?m tnmo thero woro o0y 7 pi* san! ouooomtunce con.scod with dcr morlrago I' his oompanion inquirod, ?.Lh amgost atartling eagerness. i Arholos fimhed and looked too ouot5Oo he oonld not Cocadl at tho osingolar q~o t thai ulotot. and fofr o oo.l4 'o ply, the gong onudrd ol I00lo, 0'i.a aowodeso pruaontod hesoelf bhforo ILls Foolssqoo 10 alat boo ? own to the dioio Too woman gave o ohe!, poculitr itt as she otserved the amrroo OPOre'tjil upon Arohio'o fode. I -de O "'No ooutu yOU think I am at- ,, lago mfddljeO ms old woman," Achlhl Wollongtlo," oshe mId, on oho beran to 0. .nta?gioe:heOrolfl from btrloooY? won·o "'but lot me naunro you of ono thing, my friondl it is no nidle ouraslty that has prompted my qucstlonu . I have becomo more interested in you than I am in the habit of becoming in strangers, and I want you to come back hare, after lunch, and toll me more about youroelf. Willyoun" Archie thought thie a very singular trn quest; but ho could not renuse it without appearing rude, to he gave thu required promiae, whereupon the aged ospinster trotted away, loaning upon the arm of her attendant. The young man was not hungry. The retropective glanceo that. he had just taken of his life, together with end, yet tender, memories of hie mother, which had come surging through his mind while telling his story, had deprived him of his appetite, and, feeling that he had little taste for food, ht mounted to the upper dock, where he fell to muelg over hMie Forteequo's strange Interest in him, ao he slowly paced back and forth. He did regard her bs inquliative and in trnive, in spite of her evident desire that he would not do to. Ho thought that she-an utter stranger to him-had no right to presume upea hie youth and goed nature, and queatlon him upen such a delicato mater as htis mother's domestic relations, while her last query had almost seemed to imply a doubt re gardind the sacrednes of her marriage. The more ho thought it over, the more indignant he became, and, by the time he wase redy to return to the lower dock, he had mode up hie mind that he would avoid the woman in future, and toll her nothing more about his family affairs. He intended to slip quietly away to hie elate-room, nhore he had an entertaining book, and where ht contemplated reading himself to sleep, and thus occupy some of She long hours before dinner. But he was destined to be disappointed is thceo plans, for wen oe ceanohed ohe door leading to the ealuon, there cat his aged companion of th;morning,ro-eve:ope in her fare and robes, and looking as if she had not moved ne; ll. she had hurriedly alatn her lunch, for eteho purpoe, of getneg bhck to her chaue and resuming her conversation wit him. "Al I" she exclaimed with animation, "hotu yen are. Now nit right doun be' side me onde moro, for I want to talk with you again." Arehie was tempted to toll her that he had not yet lunouod, and wa on his way down to the dining-room for that purpose, but he was too hineat to anal in subterouge, and, thinking of no ather plrauaote cause to get away from her, he dropped into tuo chair ste indioated, and rcslgned himsel! to the inoltable, bu represseeing a sigh of weariness and avoernin. "You did not toll me whether you thought there might have been anything uuplaseast connected with your mother marriage,"' Mie Foertequo began, with a tuntaneee tha, rcaped the yoang man's n'rvee almost beyond endurance. "I do nos hnow," he briety replied. "I con't suppose you do," snapped hie o ,mpsnion. " I simply asked you what you ihou'jhl about it." Arnie weas somewhat amused at her oushoritative maner, an il she paeesaed a perfect right to question him an much as she ponesed, and it was hie duty to meetly reply. He was also secretly irritated, but, alter a moment of noneloeration, he ro sponded ".The only thing I recall that could pes, elb:y suggest sueh a suaepiion is the tact that she once said to me, with some eocite ment ot mauner-' Arohio, if you live to be a man, nevr alnk girl to rein away with you, or to marry you secretly. It Is ithe menneat thicg a man can do, and i alwaeys suren to end in misery.' SAna she was right, young men," Mise Foroeeque emphattcally rejoined, in a nusky voice. lie wase aetonlthe to seou that her face had grown ghastly, and hen lips porfectly colorleo' " 'the was righlt I" sho repeated; "nothing but misery ever can result from snoh a marriage. I lnfer from that remark that your mother's may have been a atcret or rnnaway mtrriago P' she uociluded, regarding him searehingly. "I have teauagat that might have been poassible," wase ho constrained seply. " What was aour mother's maiden name P" lellr giecn iame war Helen." " Ielen I' and thsere ws a shrill note of pylu in too woman's voice, as she repeated, it. 'Her other-tell me her surname 1' die eocitodly commanded. " I d not aknow-she noever told me," Archio sadly responded, but marveling at his compnneon's s.trunge motior, whioh was fast communicating itaals to him. " You do not t-oe f Heavens I-you do not kunw your own mother's name I" buret Irnm the wema. in amazement. "eNo." "What was se liLke P-tho color of her oyel-hec hairt Docrils her to mel" "1 hbave n picture of her; I will show it to you,'" Arcnio aearned, more and mere perp.'ead andt disturbed by the wiman'e Froem hie bcom he draw forth the locket which he always wore, and quickly laid it in her hands. She gave one glance at it. A shriek of agony buhorst from her, and then sho fainted dead away. Arolhie spraog to his fees, as that ploroing cry smote apon his ears, his own face almett as white as that of thu neenaecouns woman before him. le etoe posessolen of the looelkt, vwhioh htd slipped lrem hrr narveless logera into her lap, then uarted away to Sad a stewardess. They had been sitting by themsalrves under the bridge, ao moes el the voyagers preferred to be in the sunlight; buts when Arehle returned to Mtisa orteque, he found a number of people gathered around her. her cry and his exrolted movements having alttratoo their attention. But tbhe women's swoon wan not of long duration. It had been caused simply by the shook she had received upon recognislag the lotkel, and animation began tn roassLort Itsell almoesL immediately. sho hppeared to bhe much annoyed when he realosed what a commotion she had cansed. She drank the water which tho stewardess had brought her, then motioned her impera tively away, saying, elltt a glante as the people gatheered about her: "'It was only a momentary vertigo ; no body ned be alarmed-I'm all right now I " Thu passengers immediately took the hint and retreated, thus leaving her alone wish Arohle, who, new feeling ser that ste hold the hey to the mystory which had ao long surrounded his moter's early lie, was only too anxious to have Mtls Frteeques rxplnin everything to him, if he coould prevail upon her to do so. " slt down I " the woman cemmandod, as she looked up into his ltee, and naw vow white and oeger it was. He mechanlically obleyed her. "Give me that looeet I" she contlinued, holding out a trembling hand for it. Wittlout a word he laid it again upon her palm. when her alim aingere closed spasmo dieally over it. Ohe sat for several momonlt with it olasped thas in her hand, and looking ont over the neee, while sse nuamed to be sotogglieg to control sene deep emotion. As length she .uolatiy opened the golden cane, ans geaed long and eteadily at the plteure ulthin it. "Ielen I" she mormured, under her breath, while two geeat tears gathered in her ayes and relied silently over her wrlanled cheeha. Arehls regarded her with laoreasing as toniahmcnl. "Did you eoer lnow harl" he Maed, with r gestore Indliatlng the plitore. 'Iauote heri" tieu voeae ncytoted, slttIng ereot and lilting her heavy, srerrw ful eyes to his faco. leoy--she wt5 my e. A nOyioreie See sconY, "e e'our deloMrll" rasped thoelyeoeig man,|and he rrsardnd mmhteompalfen seiff he thought she had suddenly taken leave of her ensera. Yea, my very own." "Than-thou you must bo-" "Your grandmother. Yes, if you care to own mt a aouch," Miss Forteaqno returned, with oonidarablo bitterness, " I do not understand-- oannot oompro hand I" faltered Archl:o, whose mystiflied countenanoe would have been an Interesting otudy for an artist. " That is not strange," the woman replied. "It to no wonder that you caonnnot compro hend how a woman, In my position, answer. ing only to the namo of and ligoring before thu world no Miss Forreqooe--a rich old maid-shoould have hbeeon the mother of thisa beantiful girl, and, through her, claim relitionhuip with you." Arohio's loaohd and troubled face told but too plainly how keenly her words out him, although he made no roeponsa. " low otrnge it is," shu resumed, after a momenot of profound thought, " that soorets, which Wo suppyoe to have beeoon buriol so deep that there can be no posai bility of their over befog unearthed, should auddenly rise to conlront no, like a resotless ghost of the past, wheno we least expet it 1 Arohubald Wellington, I have oarried osuch a scorot in the depths of my sent for more than fifty yeara-a seoret which I firmly believed would go unrovealod with me to my Brave. But here, in mid coon, I am oom. palled by a strangar, of whooo existnoce I was unaware a week ago, to throw upopen tho innermoat rooosaos of my heart, and uonfeosa that whilh no one now living, savo myeolf, aver evon suspsoted." evMadam,' Arohol here inoterposed, with an air of pround, though quiet dguoity, whlob made hie oompanlon'u eyes softan with an rxprosloo of unwonted tendoerness. "I bog that you will not fool oompolled to make any revelations to me which may be at all harrowing to your feelings. Of co?rseo it is hot natural that I should desire to know the history of my doer mother, who to me was the ombodiment of all that was moat baantifui and exaslted in lifo ; but I would prefer to forego all such knowledge rather than wring from you aseoret which may be both eourud and painful to you." "My yoong friend, your kind ucosidras. iun does yon groat orudit," Mies Fortoequre romarkd, as sho bent upon him a look of Approbation, "and betrays a refinement of feeling that touches me dooply. I have oonlosaed to you my relationlhip to your mother, whioh I haveo aspotead from the muomont when you told ma tha' her name ,wa Melon, and asso that you believerad her ow have boon an Euglishwoman." " There have doubtleas boon many Holons who were Engltohwomen," Archie began amiliug sligutly, but thionkinog that was hardly enfilent ground to warrant her snupioions. "True, but you strongly resemble your mother, nod that roesemblance improaesd me immedttolv ; but this likeness sottles the questlon with me. But H I go no further in .ny revelations to you -if I do not explain away certain doubts and suspielons, which you cannot fall to untirtal, you would go your way whoen we reaoh Now Ysrk, and uorry a ore heart in your bosom all your ife, and Iuhod losa a link out of mine, which, soce I have discovered it, I would uot part with under any circumstances. Archibald, if, after I have told you the story of my paot, yon 0an own and give me a little affeotion, as your mother' mother, I beoloveo that my deoming oears will be happier than I have ever dared to hope." Arhole was dooply moved by this uppeal, and something very ltho kindred feeling surged through his heart for she aged woman boido him.l "b You have shown yourself manly and tender, from the moment of our meeting," Misa h'ortesque resumed; "your kindnoes to me-a perfect stranger and a crabbed old woman, at that-at the hotel in Liverpool, and your thoughtiul attentions sinooe, avo rouasod a very warm fouling in my heart for you, and I am freeo to may that I should be vary proud to claim you as my daughter's son." , I fear that you overrate what have been no more than the commonest courteslos," Archio modostly retouroned. "If you regard them as elmply common courtcalei, they navo not been very plontliil to my life I though, perhaps, I have been omeowhat to blame, for I warn you I am not always the moat amlablo oroaturo in the waorld--lndooeed I have relatives who have hostoend upon me the very sigonificoant appllntion of 'Othe porcupine; " Mian For tesquo responded, with a grim smilo. Then, notloig the twinkle of amusement in Arbhlo' tose, she added: " And you also may live to learn that I oarvo been rightly named. Bat now for my story," she oontianod, with a sigh. " When I was a girl., eighteen years old, I lost my mother, and durig the next two ynearn I and my sister, who was but twelve months younger, were loft to tho oare of a governess. My father was a very wealthy landed pro. pruttur, with a rnat-roll that yielded him a very large income. He was as generous as prince, and there was nothoing 0 the world ha would nut do for hb children, whom he idelsaod. 1 had one brother, who wan a few years my senior, and who, at the ime I.peaOk of, wan an oflicor In her majesty's servico. Our governess was a htguly.ednoated womau, but she a not und of young poople, and, after our lenaons aere overb she never paid uuoh ateontion so s--although it was nundrerstood that she was to have a general oversight ot our lives and ooonpatouea; iud thus we wore lt,, a ret deal of tle time,to amuse ourseOvei a sea chose. .'During a season which we spent in Ludn,O I studiesd onder a noted mustclu, who, huwever, was a comparatirvely young man, vary huandsume and well ouitollvaed. To make a long story shart, we flU in love ith each other, and the hours asligned for my lessons, Lnsuead of being devuted to munucal instruction, becamu simply ainter iewsa of the must sentimental natoro. In throe months we were betrothed lovers and, finally, knowing that my father would never sanoon oar union, we asreod upon a snoret tarrlago." "The ceremony was performed very qluletly, in a modest little church in a suburb of Loudon, and, for an ouplu of wooks, we believed oureeivea to be in pnra da', Igoing to and from my home, oaten seily fur my daily lesaon, ao usnual. Tln there came a blow that nearly deprived me of my reason, and shattered all my earthly hopes. Mly huboslnd, on roeturnng from Iflohmond, where he had boon to give lesson, was hklleud-" \- dlxod l" ?omelnmd Archlo, In a voloi of horror. Yea." returned M[io Fortusquo, with white lips; "tOsre was a railway accident, ond he was orushod and mangled beyond recognitlon. fe was only identided by the name on his uuuio-,oil-oven some papers, brhih wore Inuaninner pocket of hbs vest, and among whiho, I have every reason to beolieve, was our marriage certwIalto, were so mangled sat dtouolorod, as to beha ontirely llegibli. Tohu news of this horrible aoolduont mado mo almost ensans with grief, and yet I felt obliged to hide my sorrow, loot I should exolts the asupiolone of my ftather. I dared not uonesn to fim what I had done, for he wa an intensely psoud man, and 1 bnow that hae would never allow me to aoknuwledgo, before the world, my relations o him whom I had olandestinely married. hoI urusahodaok n to my hesratmy blighted ngulah, and turo my iturden in olienee. Uua It wore upon mo-i lost dosh, strength, oolor, and flat no lntesust in lifo ; my nights more spent in woeping, my days in a oun ilnual struggle for an unnatnsal calmuats, "fivorol months passod thes, and than my father beonm almarmed at my oontlnnal trhb!csuO. Mue wished mo to Consult a ohytolun, bhut thir I uttorly rufosed to do, "heon he propord atsneaon of usaul, thinL - lug that a ohanngo might porhapa he bens' goill but I bhgulad hm inatead tO send ma to mu old noreow-.ho had marslad and Wm ivrig in ths country-and lrt her UarO los mo until 1 gram hettur. Ma uonsented to this plan, and, with a great burden lotted tram my heart, 1 sent for the woman to oomo tome at once, when, knolwig that I must have both help and sympathy from horI confes all amy troubla to her " Maor groat goud harto want not to me at onae, ndoaho took m away to hbo quiet home, where she cared for me with thel utmost teondernoce, and when my little girl was born, no one cave horself and I were the wleer forthe faot. Of coreo I know l coould never olaim my child, and sho promteod to care for her until she should he old enough to require a governess, when, she assured me, some way would be opened to provide for bher future.," " And this child wa-my mother? " said Arohlr, inquiringly. "Yeo; thore can be no doubt of It," replied MIlca Fortesque, "cs I will prove to you later. I named her Meleen Talfoord the latter being her father's conamo, and beo grew up believing that sheo an an orphan, and the child of some dltont rela tive of ' Nurs Hammond,' who was on un nuoallyrefined woman for one in her poiltl:n. Whon Helen wan eIght years old, I provided a oompetent governess for her, but deoldod that It was beat for her to still remaie with nurse, where I could visit her frcquently, without exciting comment, to arosrtaln what progreaasho was making in her otedier, and provide for all her neeoods and wants. She bhoamo deeply attaohed to me, and I loved her with an affeotion alImoa as norb ing as that which I had bestowed upon her father. As years want on, she proved to be unusuoally bright and olover, giving promiae of exoeedln beaunty, and then 1 boegan to regret most bitterly tsnt I had not oonfesaed my marriage, at the outnet, no that I might have olaimed her and reared her no a child of toe family." " It Is a most romantlo storo, but a very and one," Arohio observed, as Mica Forteslqo paused a moment. " Ye, and I raineod both my lifo and here by that one false step-my saorea marriage. That was doubtleoss wh your mother meant -with, perhaps, moot, rofer.noe to her own mlotake-rwhen abe told you never to hk a girl to marry you acoretly, When Helen was eleven and I thirty, my father diod. Previous to this my brother had resigned his commission and married, alter whih. taking his inheritance, he went to eAm rioc, for the troubles and perprexltinl which. f.lr a few years, had been caused by dlahooeat otewards and mlsohievoul tenante had dim. gotud him with the life my father was Tlving. and he wishod to try somethiog difforent, My aiator had also married, but her husband proved to be a man oa no prin. oipie, who esqoandered hisa on fortuno, and thaen tried to wring her settlements from her. I alone had remalnedat home, reflsiln all offers of marriage, although my father often urged me to utntle my futare while he war living but my heart wai In the grave with my lomt dear one, and, lovlg him :nly, I could never be another man's wile." Tears rushed involontariie to Arch ' eyes as she said this. for her ftoe wae an convolsed with agony, ans he thus recall the bitter past. " But, to go baok to the time of m father's death," she roenmod, alter conquer Ing her emotions. "Am there wasr no on to manage hie estate, it was cold. and bim wealth divided among his three children. y rsister and her hlsband, after receiving their ahreo, went to live op on the r .nioent. and my brother wrote, hbeging me to anmo to him In America Bat this invitatin I decoinod. t could no0 leavo my ohld--I felt that I most remain near bar, even though I could never acknowledge my relactlonhlp to her. o I pllerohned a pretty villa, not far from Norso Hammond'a home, and, for years, reaided there, alone with my mervants. I had Helcn with mo a great deal, howevert aud the years between that time and her eighteenth birthday were among the happiest I had ever known. She becameo very lovely, both in oharactloer and preoo, a she grow toward womanhoocd, and I often longed to toll her the trath. Bet hbor one great failing wo a morbid monaillve nose, and I feared the resuolt upon her. She had just passeand her eighteenth birth. day when I was taken suJdclay Ill. My physician pronouocod my oondition very aerloue, and decided that I must go to Ln don, uand submit to a oritlecl operation, may?ig it wao the only chance had for my life ; bt he refused to express any opinion no to whether I shoiuld come sfely out of the trying ordeal. I bollevod I should not live through it, and, oonding immediately for Helon, I oanlided to her the secret ofmy yonth and of her birth. i wanted her to reoognteo mo ao her mother before I died, and to hnow the reason why I had willed her all that I possessed ; while, in roe l lived and regained my health, I had resolved that I would bravo the world, aoknowledgo her, and have the comfort of her presenoc In my home during my decaloing yearse But the child was so shacked and woundod, to the very centre of her aoul, upon learning the troth-how I had lkehod the courage to acknowleodge her, and had thus condemned her toa life of obscurity, that she proudly refused to have the wrong righted at that late day. I acknowledged that I had been weak-I begged her to forgive mel nod promised that we should be all In all to each otheorinthe fatr, and that I would make all the amends poelible, by givnog her her mlghtfnt social positionl. But he .cold not be roe onced. 'n t wan teo late,' sbe said, and, bleing too truthfulni to pretend what abe did not feel, we parted with a feeling of bittrneoss in both oar hearts." SThat was very hard," said Aralbi, with a sigh of regret, yeat fee log that he oonld not really blame hie mother under the air ai'deed It was," him companion roe turned, "it almost ornahod me at the time. As hoe leif me, I put thim locket ine, her hands, toeling her that it contained a lok of hboer father' hair -the only rio I hadof him. Then I went to London. to put my life in the handsa e ,nrgooso I waos n invaihd Ia the hospital for nearly a year afterward. ; the operation had boon uaneessful, hot my recovery war dta ocuragingly slow. Herse Hammond came ao see me several time., but ohe could not porosuade Hlon to aconmpany her. I did not murmur, for I oonld not blamoe her for romeating having been deprived of her birthright, but I hoped that when I was ;rollenough to go home, I shoald he able to win her love back to me again ; but -" Again Miss Fortomque paused, overcome by the harroting memoriom of that cad time. "Whoen, at length, I did return," she acid, at last, "it war to be met by the hanrthbreaking news that my child had fled with an unknown man I I altarwar.a learned that she had become acquainted with him at the county fair, alter whioh she had been seon waltking with him several timoeby differenoot parties. Ho was supposed to be one of the atudents at a technical school In an adjoining town, but, aa the alopemeoat had occurred jout alter the oloae f a term, I was nevaer able to learn either his name or where he belonged. Mono than ynear afterwards I received a short note Irom Helen, and in it she beggod my for giveness for what rhe had done, and for all the paein ho had oeneed me. She said she had come to rcnliso how wrong It was to saver evory tie that had bound her to the only rotelative rho had in the world, hbut rhe had beeoon o morbidly sensitivo and reentfotl over what she had, at the time0 felt to he a great and Irreparable injury, that ahe hardly oared what booame of her, and thaus sheo had beoen tempted to aeopt the lone and protec t!on offered her. She wae fond of her husband, soe wrote; he wam hind, and thby were doing well. Sho olomed by maying that abc folt rho had no right to claim any rolatlonship with me, after having thue tahca bcr ote into her own handm, hut ahe should nov0r coaso to love me, no her oimoltrh, Sbelog am abe lived. Tho note was sor ply aigoed 'Helen,' with no date or addreea to enable me to reply to it, and thuo that chapter of my lif cra. dlomed for socr.' (To to Lo'linued). A ierma invontoe I. maid to provide mirrear whioh will not break. ME employs oellcleld hccro glt:o ec.- hb:teoforo u.rd. A perfeotly tranmparent woll-poltehed cel Iluold plate reeivea a quih~ckvr haohking like that of a glare mitreo, ThIh baoking I. in torn protootod by anothcr celluloid plate, whlih also r/lootrem so that praotlolly a double mirror Ia fruluhemd, lighter, cheaper, and more/outing than glutm, 'o detalls of thoptoomea ae to hand, o .afla __ iidMEJ 