Pars in Parliament. Br S0BIBLERT7S. MONDAY, NOYEHBEK 29, Too Bad! Mr. Drake opened Monday's business by giving notice of motion that ho would to-d«y ask whether, in view of the statement of the Premier the other day that Sir Thomas M'llwraitb " is penniless and bedridden,*' it is the intention of the Government to take stsps for dealing- with him us with a dis tressed colonist ? Mr. Drake is not addicted .to jocularity, but it is very likely that a large number of persons will scent fumiiness in the question. The member for Hinders, who is known to be keenly jealous for honour and bouesty, was curious as to the intentions of the Government concerning sundry supposed offenders to whom no further reference need now be made. Mr. Drake had written to the Speaker announcing his in tention to move the adjournment of the House for the consideration of a matter of urgent public importance—namely, the suspenrion of the member for Moreton; but the Speaker choked the intention as a some- , thing-out of order. I MtRFETU TO ChTT.T.IQOE. Then came the Minister for Railways "with sl motion concerning the offer of certain persons to construct a railway from Mareeba to Chillagoe. Mr. Glassey objected to the discussion of so important & matter at this stage of the session, and moved the 6ix mouths' amendment. Mr. George Thorn supported the proposal, and Drake opposed it. The motion was for the taking of a merely preliminary step, so that opposition was ill-timed. Several members realised the prepostcrousness of opposition at such a stage, but some members did nor. As to the plea that such a subject, or indeed any subject other than merely formal ones, should not be introduced at this stage of the session, what does it amount to ? It means that if the matter be not now discussed, but post poned until next session, it will then be met by the plea that as the session is the last session of Parliament, so important a matter should not be dealt with in a moribund Parliament. That principle if accepted would mean that during only a first session, and, say, the first half of the second session of a Parlia ment, should important work be touched, which would in its turn mean that the third or final session of a Parliament would be unnecessary, or necessary only for the passing 01 the estimates. At half-past 4 o'clock a division was taken which passed the motion by 37 to 9. This piece of un necessary barney led to a waste of nearly an hour ami a half of time, which is beeomiug precious. Mr. Dalrymple put through certain formal stages the Education Act Amendment Bill, and at 4.34 the Chief Secretary rose to repeat the federa tion dose to a fagged House. FeDEEATION AqaeV. In introducing the measure he should have stated plainly when his own < version took place. It would be satisfactory to know the exact date, for at present it is dif ficult to know wbetherhe in earnest or other wise. Nothing more effective could be offered than the figures which were supplied by Sir H. Nelson, obtained specially from the bead of the "Hansard*' staff. In this one s?s*ioT of Parliament the amount of talk which ha; been talked on this single subject, talk for and against, talk wise and foolish, occupies 128pages of "Hansard," or 250 columns— the Tery thought of it is overpowering. What all that talk has moantia the way of weariness of the flesh and perturbation of •pint cannot be put into figures, at any rate into no figures except figures of speech. The Premier'* deliverance was cautious enough right through the 50 minutes of its continu ance. There were points in it, points of some sharpness worth making a note of, and which no doubt were noted by those most intimately concerned. The first point which may be named was cue which might be regarded a* a eort of set-off to the new-born attitude of New South Wales towards federation. New South Wales. "But for New South Wales federation would have been accomplished long ago." How right Sir Hugh was will be apparent to all who bear in mind the bearing of the mother colony towards the Federal Council—she refused to help in that honest endeavour towards concerted action of the Australian countries. Snarling and morose she stood aloof, as though she felt she was quite too dignified to join in such a movement—and she would not join; but somehow or other politicians in New South Wales saw in this question of federation a chance for making them selves famous, and they have bee;, playing that game right along to date. Another point, or rather a set of points, had reference to the silences of the bill which the Premier now sought to pa.ss through its second read ing. For instance, there was in the bill no specific reference to one man one vote: ir such a matter were to be considered it must be dealt with as a separate question. This is right enough and bensib'e enough, although hard enough to be accepted by those of whoso dreams by day and night one man one vote is an essential part. 'Ihcre was, too, " 1:0 cluptrap or humbug about 'the people,' " and for the reason that if such a term wore ad mitted it would need definition, and who in all the world could define that vague terra r Wore nonsense has been talked about "the pfoplc " than upon almost any other subject which can be named. Then "th«-rc was in the bill no referendum " : another of the stock subject.- of the dreams of perhaps because the foreign and the far- off i siore attractive than the near and known. , One Electorate, or More? The Premier said that although the bill provided that for the election of delegates Queensland should be one electorate, he was not fast bound to that. He did not care whether it was to be onp, or three, or ten. Members might move amendment* if they choose, and he would accept whatever might be acceptable to the majority. Mr. George Thorn's contribution to the discussion was amusing, and very difficult to classify— sometimes the listener believed him serious, and sometimes they fancied him only jocular. So far as his knowledge went he did not believe the people were in favour of federa tion. that in fact only the two papers were in favour of it, by which he proved that he was not a reader of one of the two. He kept the talk going up to the tea hour, and was suc ceeded by the apostle of central separation, Mr. Curtis. As with bim separation is the top, the cream, the supreme of all sublunary things, he could not abcar that any federa tion proposal should be accepted which would endanger separation; and as he reckoned there was a possibility of that mischief in the bill, he would oppose it. This great force is exercised always and everywhere for the realisation of the4 'aspirations of the central people," which means that the aspirations, the desires, the longings of the. central people must control the whole question of federa tion, against which contention many very strongly object. 44 Be "Withdrawn." When Mr. Curtis's amendment — that the' bill be withdrawn — vrus clearly before the House, the Premier argued that it had placed the House in an unfortu nate position. An attempt was m^de to drag from him a promise that if the three electorateproposuls were madehe andthe whole Cabinet would vote for it, but he refused to be drawn into such a trap. The Premier in his speech in chief said in a casual sort of way, 44 a bill may be good although intro duced by a wicked Premier." Mr. Bell misconstrued this contingent possibility into a declaration concerning the bill, and said that he did not regard it a good bill introduced by a wicked Premier, but a wicked bill introduced by a very good Premier, and from that point he proceeded to ■dash about the bill in a most rigorous fashion. Bell Orro?i>*G. He announced his intention to vote for Mr. Curtis*s amendment, although not for the same reason as prompted Mr. Curtis to rnoT' it. He made a strong point by the plea that there is not now sufficient time to carry out an election under the hill. There might be an election within the letter of the till, but it would be impossible within the spirit of it. An election conducted in such haste would be merely i irresponsible scramble of candidates and : ignorant scratching- out of names off the ballot papers—and there is something in assertion. The Home Secretary set himself to prove some of Mr. Bell's facts relation to previous attempts at federation enabling legislation to be mere fiction, and he declared that in his opinion Mr. Bell's ac was insincere and ungenerous. It was then nearly half-past S o'clock, and considering how much federation has been talked this session, the matter might well have been allowed to go to a division; hut that could not he, for other members desired to give a reason for the vote which they intended to uive. Ah 1 the pity of it. Mr. Smith's speech was more than slightly diffuse. TUESDAY, NOYEMBER 30. Urate Again*. The only item of Tuesday's preliminary business worth a word was Mr. Drake's ques tion, or intended question, for he was not allowed to put it, concerning Sir Thomas MTlwraith'a alleged poverty. 'I he Speaker decreed that the question was improper, and refused either to allow it to be placed upon the business paper or asked in the House. Then Mr. Drake attempted to show that there was some analogy between his question and t question which last session was pnt by the member for Toowoog in reference to the bringing back of repentant New Australians. It would be an insult to Mr. Drake's in telligence to argue that there was any analogy between hi# own question, and that which had reference to one relating to the bringing back to Queensland of men who had spurned her, slapped her face, and then had fallen upon their knees as suppliants for retnrn to the land which they had spurned. However, Mr Drake finished with a notice of motion that £250 be placed on the supple menrary estimates to enable Sir Thomas M'Dwraith to come back to Queensland. Cun*>-axulla Deviation-. In 1895 Parliament sectioned the plan, section, aud book of reference of the railway from Charleville to Cunnainulla. That plan, &c.;, fixed the terminal station in a certain >omewhere about half, or three-quarters of a mile away from the town, aud some have objected to the fixture. They say the site will prove inconvenient, and they point cut a sire which, in their opinion, would be much better, a site right in the heart ot the town. The present state of the case then is that there are two parties in that little township, the parliamentary site party, and the town site party. Each of these parties has presented a petition, the former for the retention of the parliamentary site, the other for its rejection and the adoption of the new one. The Minister for Railways moved that sanction be given to the proposed change, s change which involves some outlay for increased length of line to be constructed, and which is approved by the commissioner. He laid the proposal before the House moderate fashion, practically leaving the matter in the hands of the memi>er«, urging it a> a party matter, hut making matter in which every member might exercite his own judgment unhampered by. any con siderations for party. Story's Onslaught. Mr. Story. the member for the district, followed the submission by a vigorous on slaught upon it. One of his earliest points of attack was a petition in favour of the new site. That petition had been signed by about 70 persons, and Mr. Story showed that of those 17 were either clerks or tenants or some thing else of one person in the town of Cunntunulla. Then he instituted a comparison between the old site and the new. much to the udvuutage of the former. He went through the report of the commissioner and that of the chief engineer; with many points of both he disagreed. Once at least he slipped into a telling piece of picturing which some advocate of the new site had sent down. Iu orderto show the positive unfitness of the old j site the story ran that between it and the town, lay a gully, a creek, s river, or some thing of the sort, and that at the time of ui certain flood the hon. member, in order to I reach his office iu town, had been compelled ) to wade in neck-deep water, clad in pyjamas and with his ordinary clothes in a bundle ou his head—and the House laughed at the story about Story. Hot indignation was displayed by Mr. Story in relation to certain communi cations, which had been received and circulated, impuguiug the actions of one Dr. Murray, and of the clerk and manager of Mr. Story's owu business. For and Against. When Mr. Story had finished, Mr. Glassey pleaded that the propo>al then under con sideration should be accepied, because it was recommended by the officials of the Railway Department, and such officials as huppened to be in the Chamber, and there were some, must have marvelled much, us they listened to the member for Bundaberg speaking so heartily and so many times over, about the honesty and integrity of the officials. Pro bably .Mr. Commissioner Gray blushed. The next business was the consideration in committee of the desirableness of introducing a bill to authorise the building by private persons of SO miles of railway from Mareeba to Chillagoe, upon the c:illing on of which ensued a piece of political farce, and, strangest t-irce of all, it was started by Air. Drake! Stewart as the starter of the absurdity would not have provoked the ghost of a smile: but Drake! The contention was that the vote which had just been taken was a censure on the Government, and t at therefore the Government should not attempt to carry on the businessot the country. And all this in face of the fact that the Minister specifically laid the matter before the House as a matter unfettered by any question of party fealty. Mr. Stewart kept up the busi ness. Then the leader of the labour party came on the stage, and proved himself apparently unable To realise that the passing of the proposal of Monday would have been a censure of the officials who in l.$9«» recom mended the former propositi, to the same extent and no further that the adnereuce to the 1895 plan is to be counted a ceusure on the official.* of to-dav. That is how it would appear to the listener who wired not for t or the other. Mr. Kidston brought up the rear, and in a short speech managed, a> he often does, to crowd a large pack of worthy insinuations. However, at 7.27 the Speaker was got out of the chair and the Maretba-Cbiilagoe business was brought c For two hours the question was on hand. The Minister opened in favour of the appli cation, the Minister for Mines followed on the same side. Mr. Browne opposed, and so did Mr. Dawson. The member for the Berserkers followed in his mo-t snarling fashion. He snarled against the idea of building railways by private capitalists^ and was reminded that no construction of rail ways by Government could go on except by means of foreign private capital. He un« curled his snarl for a minute to confess that t labour Ministry would be capable of as much crookedness as a Ministry of capitalists, since the human nature of both is probably quite alike, which was a sensible and useful confession to come from the heart of the party which so pharisaically prates about its being set for the defence of political purity, concerning which prating Shakes peare may be quoted : " Fye, fye, fye ! pah. pah ! gire me an ounce of civet, good apothecary ; sweeren my imagination." The bill was introduced, and the House straight way fell upon supply. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 1. Railway Estixates. On Tuesday the railway estimates were bsgun. and one item was passed. On Wednes day the perennial difficulty of classification and rates was brought to the front, as it has been, speaking hyperbolically, since tbe days of Noah. As erer, so now, there are fifty or sixty members in the House who, taken at their own valuation, could manage the rail ways, classify good.-, and fix rates, infinitely better thau the trained officials can. The ca.se of the thing lies in ignorance, the heroism in the lack of knowledge. Mr. Turley had a grieranee al>out some labourers who. he alleged, were offered em ployment by the department, and who, being in a way promised continuity of employment, threw up other employment. But after short period they were discharged. Well, passing over the question of throwing up other rmplovnient, the bad look of the budneas was'much lessened by the explana tion that two of the men in question were em ployed at Stanthorp'\ and that, being entirely away from the official eye, it is said they took advantage of the fact. They were dismissed. Objection was taken to the transferable" condition of the sale tickets. Mr. Fiuney insisted that the sa stipulation might as reasonably be made to apply to a po-tage stamp. The Minister explained that as return tickets are sold at a reduction of 60 per cent for the return half, j the permission of transfer would enable the holder of a half ticket which he cannot, use to sell it at a profit It is probable that there is something in this, for, as all know, there recently sprang up a special industry called a 44 ticket agency." These agencies were ready to buy up unneeded halves of return tickets, in order that by selling at an advance on cost, and at a slightly lower rate than a single fare for the same trip, a profit might be made. Excursions. At present, the benefits of the system of :cursion trains are confined to ihose who travel more than 50 miles. Suggestion wu made that the distance should be reduced t(\ say, 25 miles, and the Minister announced that he favoured the proposal. Then again, the suggestion was offered that Sunday trains to Sandgate and other seaside townships, should be run at excursion rates— probablr sentiment more than demand prompted the • suggestion. Mr. Stewart plaved the verr unusual role of friend of the department. He insisied that when the large area of Queensland and the fewness of the people who lire iu it are considered, the freights and fares charged on our railways are. lower than those charged in almost any part of the world. This was probably right iu a sense. But when the Hon. member got on to the track of private versus State railways he beeume somewhat muddled. He has a notion that private lines would charge more and do less for the money than the State lines, apparently forgetful of the influence ot competition. From competition State lines are protected: perhaps Parliamen tary meddling takes the place of competition. How Many to Carry. The juniormemberfor Chattel*Towers made a funny suggestion; he would have painted on each carriage, in plain, big figures, the i number of passengers which that carriage may I carry, after the tnanneroforanibusesandtram I cars. The only reason which was urged torsueh a limitation was the discomfort, caused by over crowding. The question of overworking horses is of course not in it, and as fordiseom : fort it may be presumed that all who aro in terested are williug to endure it. At any rate any man who objects could get out and wait for the next train. But how would this proposal work if some morning, when the hou. member wished to travel iu dignity from the Towers to Townvville, lie reached (he station somewhat late, and found the carriages all full ? Would not the dignity chafe? or rather would it not collapse? The same member would have distinct carriage for dark-skinned aliens. Gracious ! What a farce that would be. Generally speaking so few such travel it would often happen that one or two Chinamen or kanakas would be the only occupants of a carriage. Stop! it might be managed in this way. Allow the darkies to travel on only one day a week, and by only one train on that one day. The difficulty would be got over in that. way. Will the traffic manager make a note of this r At 8.50, after nearly five hours of discus sion, the traffic branch item went through— to the relief of many. But no sooner out of one item than the committee were led into another—the maintenance branch item. Under this came more talk; first congratula tory. on the announcement by the Minister for Railways that a further step wan being taken towards the restoration of the labourers' wages to the level of the pre-retrenchment period. Next critical: the member for Leich hardt delivered himself of a long discourse upon the absurdities of the grading of ganircrs, Iengthsraen, and such like. He was followed by a well known member—he said the same things more than half a dozen times. If all the changes which were de manded were made, the amount which the general taxpayer has to pay every year to mak* up the railway deficiency would be increased by, say, £10,000—of course that is a 