PRIMITIVE METHODIST CONFERENCE. , The Primitive Methodist Conference Chapel Committee met in the Morphett-strcut school room on Friday morning, the ilev. It. J. Daddow presiding. The condition of tho various trust properties was can-fully con sidered, and it was shown that they wore on the whole in a satisfactory state.' A lartfe congregation assembled in tha Morphctt-struct Church at night to boar tha Rev. John Goodwin preach the Conference sermon. Tho rev. gentleman's .subject was 'The Supreme -Motive of Life,' based upon Calosaians tii. 23. Hh sermon was impressively delivered, was charaetorizad by tho richness of its diction, evinced carefulness of preparation, and was also cxcceiliKgly practical. A sacra mental .service followed, which was numerously attended. The business of tbo Conference proper com menced at 9 o'clock on Saturday morning,, whon the following delegates were received : —General Committee delegate, Kov.W., R. Stephenson; District Committee delegate, Etav.H. J.Pope ; General Treasurer, Mr. James Peters; Sund&y-shool; Union delegate, Rev. W. T. Wiltshire; Adelaide, Rev.. H. J. Pope andE. Parrey; North Adelaide Rev. John Day Thompson and T. Q.' Curtin and J. Canning; Norwood, Rov. A. W.'-' Wellington and J. L. Bottriil; Parksidc, Rev. R. J. Daddow and W. W. Winwood and T. Smith; Queenstown, Rev. H. Holmes; Mount Barker, Rev. W. T. Wiltshire and E. Hendcr and U. Hair; Eooringa, Rov. Theobald and Thomas Hutchinson; Salisbury, Re*-. W. A. Dunn and Thomas Dimcnt; Saddieworth, Rev. H. A. Smith and J. Kinsey and J. G. Ianson; Sferathalbyn, Rev. S. Gray and S. Stanton, J.P., and G. Sissons; Kadina, Rev. J. H. Williams and C. Treat berth and H. Daddow ;' Woodside, Rev. J. J. Salmon and O. Dunn, J.P. ; Gawlcr. Rev. T. Weathcrill and J.Busbridge and T. Gash; Two Wells, Rev. H. J. Parkinson and John Secombe and M. H. Davis; Moonta, Rev. H. Parkinson and F. Penball and R. B. Hand; Rcdhill, Rev. R. J.Rose and D. McDonald aad G. Johnson ; Mallala, Rev. J- (-. Wright and (i. N. Johnson; Yongala. Rsv. S. Wellington aad D. T. Robinson, J.P. ; Prospect, liev. A. W. Styles and E. Hack and P. Le Cornu ; Broken Hill, Rev. John Goodwin and J. H. Stephens; South Broken Hill, Rev. J. E. Stone; Dawson, Rev. H. Hartley; Laura, Rev. S. Raymond and G. Thiselton and E. Dock; Port Broughton, Rev. J: A. S. Wil liams; Mannum, Rev. R. Jackson and W. Wray and J. Coombe. ELECTION* OF OFFICERS. The election of officers was then proceeded with, resulting as follows :— President, Rov. J. H. Williams; Vice-President, Mr. G. Manhman; Journal Secretary, Rev. A. W. Wellington; Assistant Secretaries, Revs. J. E. Stone, H. A. Smith, and A. W.. Styles; Reporten, Revs. W. T. Wiltshire and H. Parkinson; Letter-writers, Revs. S. Wel lington and S. Raymond; Doorkeeper, E. Parry. CORRESrOSTJEXCE. Letters were received from the Wesleyan and Bible Christian Conferences containing copy of resolutions passed regarding the ques tion of Methodist union. PRESIDEKTUL ADDRESSES. The Retiring President, the Rev. R. J. Daddow, then delivered his address, in tho conrso of which he said he appreciated the confidence his brethren bad expressed in him, and the honour they conferred upon him twelve months ago, yet he did not regret giving piece to bis successor. Tho Now Testament phrase, 'the care of the Churches,' bad not been by any means meaningless to him. His position bad been no sincere, but he had felt a deep interest in and ha- I tried to discharge the duties of his officu. His work had been ren dered more pleasant and easy through the assistance of the Rev. H. J. Pope, tho Dis trict Secretary. He held a high opinion of Mr. Popo's work and worth, whose kindness of heart and ability were such that to know him and rightly interpret him wax to. fool that he had a strong .brother with a hoi ping hand.' [ Applause.) During .the year ho had attended the meetings of the Council of the Churches as . their representative, and also tho federal Council with the rest of the brethren ap pointed. He had also visited somo of the Circuits, but would like to bavo visited more of them. Work bad been undertaken in tbd West during tho past year, and he had been deeply grieved by the fact that tho Rev. A. J. Burt, while in tho exercise of his duties at Ealgoorlie, had been smitten with fover, but ho wan pleased that he had recovered, and welcomed heartily nut only Brother Burt but Brother Allan, of Norseman, to tho Conference. Good work had been done by the brethren named, and ho thought that, though the union vote of the' previous day in the Wcsloyan Conference resulted as it did, they ought not yet to take down their standard in the West, but hold on until union was consum mated. (Hear, hear.) In this colony many of their stations and ministers had passed through a trying timo. He deeply sympa thized with them, and had admired tho spirit in which they met their difficulties. Ho had great faith in the future. It was full of grand possibilities. If ho gave a watchword or motto he would not reiterate the cries of the last two or three years, such as ' Back to Wealcv,' 'Back to Paul,' ' Back to Christ,' or even the President of the Wesleyan Con ference's watchword or motto, 'Back to the Holy Ghost' Why go back? (Hear, hear.) Why overshadow Paul by Wesley, or Wesley by Paul, or Christ by the Holy Gho3t, or vtee venal (Applause.) Why think so much of our splendid heritage when all things were thein— Wesley, Paul, Chrut, and the Holy Ghost? The motto be gave was the old one of ' Onward— upward.' Onward to the fuller, richer, moro perfect and beautiful Christian life. Let them seek to— as W. T. Stead put it—' Be Christ's' by becoming possessed by the life, the sympathies, the spirit, and the love of Christ (Loud applause,) Tba new PKSStDcrr, die Rov. J. H. Williams, briefly thanked the Conference for tho manner in which they had honoured him. Ho had not the least suspicion that he would be selected for the postion to which thoy had elected him. It was just thirty years since the Primitive Methodist Church called him to tako chargo of a Circuit, and stxteon years since he had been elected Presi dent of their Conference. With rcfcrcucp to the Holy Ghost he had good reason to believe in Him. He had during tho past year felt the preeiousness of Ilia assistance, and ho believed many of them had had a ' similar oxperienco. He thanked them again for their confidence, and hoped God's blessing would richly rest upon their labours. (Applause.) CIRCUIT REPORTS. Tho Circuit reports were received and adopted. The Rov. J. E. Stontj moved— That wo ask the Railways Commissioner to grant to delegates to Conference ami executive meetings the tame privileges as are siren to cricketers, foot baller*, and delegates to friendly societies. Carried. THE CHIEF JUSTICE. The Rov. Jobtt Dat Tnoypsox moved— That tbe Conference tendon ita cordial cungratu lotions to the Colof Juutire of South Anntralia, a member of a sister Methodist Church, in his appointment to tbe dUtingnUbed position of a membor of the Judicial Committee of tbe Privy CottneiL Tho Conference gratefully recognises the exceptional pf ts which have boon conferred noon him t-7 Providence, and prays Uot he may bo loag ?parM toexofcise them for the welfare and elevation ol hit ftUowmen generally. ..Carried. VOTES OF THAXES AKD STMPATD.T. Thanks were given to the Rev. John Good win far his able and oloquent sermon to the Conference, and a request made that ho band the manuscript to the Conncxional Editor for publication in the South AuUralian Primitive Methoditt. It was resolved on tbo motion of. the Rev. JOUX GOODWIK— That we record our appreciation of the services of tiMlat* Captain Thomas Corasliusto tha Church, and that a utter ol condolence be forwarded to the bereaved wife and family. It was also renolved— That we record oar gratitude to Cod for the con tinned heallh and ktrengtu of Brother J. U. Wright, that we pray that bin declining years may be full of sunshine and blessing, and that 'wo alto express our high apprecUthn of tbe services of Brother Tlowcbin, and hi* practical cyninthy to the Superannuated Preachers' Widows and Orphan Fund. ' It was decided— _ That a Utter of sympathy be sent to Brother T. TJren. of Broken 1101, sympathizing with him in hit afflict ion. Also that letten be seat to Mrs. C. Ifoggeu and Mn, Gillies, aerating them of tbe sympathy of this Conference with them fat their law bereave ments. . . METHODIST C.VtO.V. The Rev. H. J. Pope moved— 1\. That the report of tbo Foderal Council be received and adopted, aad we expreu our apprecia tion of die services rendered daring tbe year. 2\. That as all our members, trustees, ami quar terly meetings have by large trajoriries approval of tba proposal for the union of the ilethodint CharchM in South and Western Australia on the plan rauinitted, we declare in favour of wish union. X We recognise that certain difficulties wit: arise to our miuUter* in connection with chute S, out are not without hope that these may be cathfactorily overcome. 4\. That we accept tho invitation of the Weslevan Methodist Conference to consider the whole crae« tfcm, aad if practicable to define the conditions of nnien. / In a short speech he emphasized tho fact that the question had been before their people, aud about two-thirds had voted in favour of tho basis submitted. H« would like to see the motion he submitted carried uuanimoualv. (Cheora.) ^ Tho Rov. J. G. Wright eeronded. Tho Rev. John Goodwin said that when tho voting took place in the Circuits they did net knew the meaning of clause 5 in tho basis. Ho had no desire to hinder the union move ment, but he thought they ought to clearly understand all that we wire doing. (Hear, new.) Tho Rev. W. Hownux ro;rr»ttcd that they were in such a state of agnosticism upon the meaning of clause 5. He believed, ho trover, all difficulties would be m-*r. ( Apphufe. ) Mr. J. Pstsbs thought it would be a pity if clause 5 barred the way to union. Why not have a thanksgiving fund among themsclvej, m ordor to help their minister* to face- this finan cial diniculty? (Hear, near.) Hi* positiou bad been well known upou this question, but he had' come round to tbe belief that for Methodism and for the community Mothodiat Union was tho right tbiug. (tfear, hoar.) He fully believed that the difficulties would bo iKcrcomo. Let them have a thanksgiving day rigli: through all the Circuits. Tho reso lution w.is a tstep in the union inovoment, aud he hope:! it would bo adopted (Applause.) The Kev. A. W. Wellington said he had been both blamed and praised for the lotter he had sent to the Press ou tho ' union' question, but neither hud iiitfuunued him very much. It had b'jon stated that that letter emanated from an opponent of union. Ho had never opposed union, but he had opposed and in tended to continue to oppose 'sectional'' uniou. Uo belioved it should be general and simultaneous. He wanted to know how it was that the actuarial tables prepared by the Rev. J. Copo had not been published and dis tributed bstoro the vote was taken. Ho then referred in dotail to some of the difficulties ministers. would havo in entering thU iiiiid, and announced his intention of opposing tbo motion. .?,-?'? The Wesleyans would honour them for biking the position he occupied. (Laughter. 'Stephouson would;' and 'The opposition would.') . . Mr. C. Dcnx would like to know where Mr. Wellington's faith was. (Laughter.) He had been preaching; ' Trust in the Lord and do good, and vurily thou shalt be fed.' Where was his trust? -XRonowcd laughter.) He, it ssembd, would not trust theWesieyaus, neither would he trust thoasolves. (Laughter.) lie did not. see any difficulty that could not be overcome. . If this resolution were not carried Primitive Methodism in this colony would be killed. (Applau*e and laughter.) He lioartily supported the motion, and sincerely trusted it would bo carried^ (Applause.) The Rott'T. Allan supported union. Ho believed it would rssult in great good to Methodism. At Norsemau his experience of a United Methodist Church had proved to him that union would mean greater liberality. If Mr. Pope's resolution were not carried it would be a di3graco to Primitive Methodism. (Cheers.) The Rev. S.Giut said they had taken tho yoto of the peoplo upon this question, and it bad been largely in favour of union. He would therefore support the motion. (Applause.) The Rov. W. R. Stephessox said he had been an enthusiastic supporter of union till two years ago, but then he felt that his hand ought to be stayed on this question. Thoy bad real difficulties to face, and he thought they ought to know more than they did how they were going to be solved. Tho Rov. J. D. Tuoiipsox thought those who had objected to clauso 5 were justified in the position they took. Other financial diffi culties bad been mentioned, but they woro not referred to in thu basis of union. They had to do now with the basis osfore them. Sir. F. Penhall thought as Primitivo Methodists .they ought to vote against tho motion. There was a great deal in tbe basis that was objectionable to the Moonta station, and that Circuit had voted against it by a large majority. He believed in union, but wanted a much more liberal basis. He ob joeted to bo swallowed up by the Wesleyans. I Laughter.) Other speakers briefly spoke on the question, after which the motion was put, with the re sult that 51 voted for it and 6 against Hearty applause followed the announcement of the result SOCIAL lfEETINC. A social meeting took placoin theMorphett street Church on Saturday evening. Mr. Charles Dunn, J.P., presidod. over a large audience, and contributed a humorous address. The Rev. J. D. TnoupsoN spoke on ' The 3iblo Idea of Social Progress,' tho Rev. W. R. Stkphexsom on ' The Socialism of Jesus.' and tbe Rov. W. T. W«,T3Hii»E on ' Our Social Needs and lio w to Meet Them.' Tho meeting was enthusiastic throughout ?' - ' 