[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] THE GRINDING MILLS OF GOD. By RITA. ____ Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "A Woman In It," "A Husband of No Importance," "Joan and Mrs. Carr," "Sheba," &c.;, &c..; [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER XVI.—(Continued.) I STAMMERED out some hasty words. What could I say, but that I was her friend, that I hoped I should be so always. For I had grown very fond of this poor woman, and I felt a strong pity for her. I fancy—but there, I am not sitting here to waste my pages on fancies. They are to contain actual, real records. Now that my first evening is over at Knockminoss, what shall I write of it? The handsome doctor was charming at dinner. He talked to his wife and myself impartially. He seemed astonished at the improvement in her, at her appetite, her colour, her anima- tion. I thought I had never seen her look so well. She had put on a pale pink blouse of some filmy material, through which her neck and arms showed with becoming discretion. She was a thin woman, and chiffon and gauze were dear to her heart. Her hair, which I had lately taken to dressing for her, was no longer dull and lustreless. It shone with a natural healthy gloss, due, I flatter myself, to my care, and was twisted in a soft loose coil at the back of her well shaped head. On the whole I felt very proud of my charge, and expected more grati- fication from the doctor than he showed. But perhaps he is not a demonstrative man. As for her, poor soul, she adores him. Anyone can see that—he best of all. It is foolish, I think, to show her love so plainly, but then one is always so much wiser for others than for oneself! After dinner we all sat out on the great grass plot. (It is not a lawn, just a gradual, smooth, wide slope, unbroken by flower-bed or shrub.) It was in- tensely hot, but the sky was bright, though the moon was only in her first quarter and the stars were scarcely visible. Dr. Langrishe strolled to and fro, smoking a cigar. His wife and I talked at intervals, I wanted to go in and unpack, but she would not let me. 'It is too hot to do anything indoor,' she said; 'do stay out.' I learnt that there was a short cut down to the sea, and that they had a bathing-box of their own, which I might use. I promised myself an early swim to-morrow morning. 'Isn't this house a long way from the town?' I asked suddenly. 'I mean for a doctor. Suppose your husband was wanted suddenly——' 'Oh,' she said, 'he has a special sort of practice. Besides, he does not depend entirely on that. He has private means. There are other doctors in the town. He would never have lived there. In emergency cases they are always at hand. But in case of an operation, or anything critical, they send for him. He is a very clever surgeon.' I thought of those long, slender white fingers, and I remembered operations it had been my lot to witness in the hos- pital. I shuddered. 'Are you cold, child?' she asked. 'No,' I said. 'I was only thinking of some of the scenes I have gone through. How I used to hate the operating-room!' 'What nerve you must have had,' she said. 'I can hardly believe, when I look at you, that you were ever a real white-capped uniformed nurse! I should like to see you in your dress.' 'You will see me,' I said. 'I have sent for all my belongings to Dublin, and when they come I will put on my professional attire to show you how I look in it.' 'I don't wish you to wear it here,' she said, almost anxiously. 'I should fancy I was ill again; and oh, Nell,' and she clasped her hands suddenly, 'I do hope and pray I may keep well. I should dread to go through that suffer- ing and fear again.' I cheered her, of course, and laughed at the idea of a relapse. Indeed, in my own mind, I am sorely puzzled as to what was the matter with her. Latin names are so useful, but so ambiguous! Her husband's explanation had left me completely in the dark. Her recovery was so sudden that it took me by surprise. I ques- tioned her about Youghal as a place of residence in order to change the conver- sation. She mentioned the names of some neighbours, but lamented that the good families and old families were now no more. Death or rain or misfortune had overtaken so many of them. 'Our nearest neighbour,' she said, is Lady Ffolliott. She is a widow, and lives at a place called Durrus. It is further inland than this. A lovely old place. She has bought it I believe. She is a great horsewoman. She rides splendidly, takes fences like a jockey, they say. She is what one would call a brilliant woman. By that I mean that when she is in a room everybody knows it. She is very popular and, very rich, goes to Dublin for the season, and dresses magnificently.' 'I should like to see her,' I said. 'Oh, you will be sure to do that soon,' said Mrs. Langrishe. 'She comes over here very often. Indeed, my husband told me she is coming to dinner to-morrow night, and he will probably ask one or two of the officers from the barracks also. Lady Ffolliott likes male society.' This is all I have gleaned so far about my new surroundings. It has taken me till midnight to write it all. So I think I have done my duty, and can go to bed with a clear conscience! CHAPTER XVII. July 8. I slept well, and woke at six. The morning was lovely, and I dressed hastily, made up bathing dress and towels, and started for the sea. Mrs. Langrishe had given me full directions as to the short out, and it brought me out on a road that led to the cliffs. I followed them in the direction of the Strand, and soon dis- covered her "bathing-box," as we call them in Ireland—I had the sea almost to myself, save for a few male creatures in the distance; who used the cliffs as dressing-rooms, for machines there were none. The tide was in, the water lovely. I swam and dived, and floated and frisked, with keen enjoyment of the bracing air, the warm, lovely sunshine, the smooth, hard sands underfoot. On my way back I met Dr. Langrishe. He was on his way for his dip, he told me, and mentioned that the breakfast hour was nine o'clock. That gave me ample time to dry my long locks and dress. Then I went to Mrs. Langrishe's door to ask if I could do anything for her. She bade me come in. I found her sitting by the window, her hair streaming about her shoulders. She looked pale and heavy-eyed, as if she had not slept. I felt distressed at so sudden an alteration. She laid the blame on the heat. It had been im- possible to sleep, and a bad night always upset her. I said little. I did not wish to discourage her. She had been so anxious to come home; but it struck me she would have done better to remain at Glengariff. I did her hair for her, and helped her into a cool cot- ton gown. She looked better when she was dressed, and we went downstairs into the dining-room, where breakfast was laid. Dr. Langrishe soon appeared, fresh from his bath, the picture of handsome, healthy manhood. It was strange how he had always seemed to me to dwarf and shadow his wife by his own super abundant vitality. This morning I noticed it again, even as I had noticed it at Glengariff, when I had first seen them togethor. After breakfast, Mrs. Langrishe had to interview her cook, and give her orders for the dinner this evening. I made use of the liberty given me to explore the outdoor premises. I saw a cow grazing in the paddock and two or three horses. There was a poultry yard also and a range of stables and coach- houses shut in by a high stone wall from the kitchen garden and adjoining orchard. From nowhere else except the front of the house was the sea visible. Far off, a range of mountains stood up against the misty sky. I knew the Blackwater divided them from Youghal. Near as they looked, they stood in County Waterford, but geography is not my strong point, so I will only say that they looked as if they belonged to Youghal and its county. Leaving the orchard, I took my way down the avenue by which we ap- proached the house from the main road. In this sultry July morning it was delightful to wander under the cool shade of the thickly planted trees. Overhead the branches met and inter- laced, shutting out the hot sunshine with their lovely green leafage. I strolled slowly along until I came to the lodge. Standing in the doorway was the same evil-looking old woman I had noticed the previous evening. As she heard my step she looked sharply at me. She was knitting, and her needles moved swiftly and mechanically amidst the gray wool. I paused a moment, and wished her good morning. She gave it briefly. For an Irish woman this surprised me. I lingered still, asking a few questions as to the road and distance from the town. 'I suppose you live here,' I said, after she had answered me. 'I do, miss. I've lived here since the master took the house. I knew his family well. 'Tis the sad changes I've seen amongst them one and all. He's the last of them now, is Mister James, and sorra a chick or a child coming to kape the old name up. The mistress is but a poor, delicate crature. God help her! You're not belongin' to her, I suppose, miss?' 'No,' I said. 'I'm only a friend. I've come to stay and look after her for a while.' 'Indade, thin, she nades it; sorely she does. 'Tis a lonesome life she's had av it, as Moll Duggan knows. And though she's English, and quare in her ways, and none too much liked in the place, yet she's a kind way wid her, and she's had her own troubles, too. They'll come to us, rich or poor. And I'm sorry for her since the child died. She's not the same at all, miss—not at all.' 'It was a great pity, I am sure,' I said. 'She has told me about it.' 'It's not often she'll spake av it, poor soul! I hear she's mended grand since she wint away to the mountains. Shure 'twas a poor ghost av a thing she was lavin' here. I never thought to see anything but her coffin brought back. No life or strength in her at all, there wasn't.' 'Well, she's very different now,' I said, cheerfully. 'And I hope she'll keep so. Her husband is a very clever doctor, isn't he?' She shot a swift glance at me. 'That's as may be,' she said, cautiously. 'How would I ne knowin' whether he's clever or not. Shure, 'tis only the quality has the grand diseases. The dispensary does for the likes av us, whin we're sick.' 'Do you live here, quite alone?' I asked, by way of changing the conversa- tion. Her restless fingers stayed a moment. The sunlight flashed on the long bright needles. 'What would the likes av me be wantin' wid company,' she said. 'I thought,' I said, 'you might have had children—or grandchildren.' Her face darkened. She said no further word, but went quickly within, and shut the half-door of the little lodge after her. I was astonished. It is rare for the Irish of her class to take offence at inquiries respecting either their families or affairs. But she appeared to have dono so, for some unexplained reason. I walked on to the entrance gates and stood a moment there, debating whether I should venture down the long hot road. As I stood I heard the sound of wheels behind me. I looked round and saw Dr. Langrishe driving a dogcart, with a man behind him. I stepped aside, but as he saw me he drew rein. 'I am going on my rounds,' he said, 'can I drive you to the town? It is rather a long walk on such a hot day.' I agreed at once, and sprang upon the high step with alacrity. I loved driving, and we bowled rapidly along, turning off at right angles to the road we had traversed the even- ing of our arrival. 'I have to call at a house near here,' he said, 'Lady Ffolliott's. I won't be a moment. I have only to give her a message from my wife.' I was all curiosity. What I had heard of Lady Ffolliott had interested me so much that I longed to see her. I hardly expected, however, to do that unless she happened to be in the grounds. We drove through an avenue of sycamore trees, and came out before an imposing-looking building, double fronted, with a massive porch and beautifully laid out grounds surrounding it. On the smooth emerald green lawn strutted a magnificent peacock, its brilliant plumage spread to the hot sunshine, and, standing on the broad stone steps, feeding the lovely vain creature with cake, which she scattered on the turf, was a woman. Such a woman! I have never been given to raptures over my sex—pretty faces and lovely forms are common enough in Ireland— but this woman almost took my breath away. She was so beautiful. She was very tall, and yet so exquisitely pro- portioned, one would not have her height a shade less. I think, though, the most wonderful thing about her was her hair. It was of a ruddy, red-gold colour, twisted and coiled about her shapely head in perfect masses. The sunshine streamed down on it, making yet more rich and vivid its glorious colour, and the soft waves and tendrils that softened her brow. The colouring of her face was lovely—dead creamy white, with a faint bloom on the cheeks, which deepened into crimson on the mouth. She wore a white gown, severely simple, but showing to per- fection the shape of her figure, and the warm ivory of the throat. As we drove up, she looked straight at us. She did not move, only a faint smile touched the curves of her mouth, and her lifted eyes of dark, almost purple blue, revealed a sort of amused curiosity. They were as lovely as everything else belonging to her, fringed by dark lashes that curled upward. 'Ah, doctor, good morning,' she said, and I almost started at her voice. It spoilt the whole charm of the picture. It was hard, metallic, with a strange accent to which I was unaccustomed. It struck me, as a first impression, that it was not the voice of a lady. 'What brings you to Durrus so early?' she went on. 'No bad news, I hope?' 'No,' he said, throwing the reins to the man who had sprung to the horse's head. 'I have only come with a message.' He jumped down from his high seat and approached her. I noted they did not shake hands, but passed into the porch together, he talking earnestly. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 