ADJOURNMENT. 4 At 10.35 a.m. Mr. Holder moved the adjournment of the Convention till 10.30 a.m. on on Friday. Carried. t stSCTvaanlTsFmoRtc THE FSDE&AL; SOBPLDS REVENUE.—As far as oan be gathered fiom trustworthy sources, the scheme favoured by a majority of the Finance Committee of the Federal Convention for dealing with the surplus revenue of- the Commonwealth is as follows: For two years after federation the colonies should continue to collect the Customs revenue on the basis of existing tariffs, and contribute towards the expenses of the Federal Government on the basis of population; that after two years has elapsed a, uniform tariff should be brought into operation, but'that a further period of five yean should .olapse before' the surplus -revenue of the Federal Government is distributed amongBtthecolonies onapopulation basis. pd s The whole difficulty at present seems to be whether the Convention should decide what is to be done with the surplus during the fire years' interval, or whether the settlement of the question should be left to the Federal Parliament. The Premier of New South Wales appears to favour the latter course, but the majority of the Victorian and Tasmanian representatives strongly object to the matter being left in any such uncertainty. They say that before their colonies consent to enter the Federation they must know exactly what is to become of their Customs revenue, upon n hich they rely so very largely for tbe payment of interest on their public debts. They point out that New South > Wales stands in an entirely different position, because that colony has land revenue amounting to about two millions a year, as well as heavy land and income taxes. The Hon. G. H. Reid has succeeded in defeating the proposal that the surplus revenue should be applied to the payment of interest on the consolidated debts. A proposal by Sir Gtaorge Turner, Premier of Victoria, to a similar effect in a modified form was negatived by a small majority in the Finance Committee on Wednesday morning. This question has not yet been finally disposed of by the Committee, and in ail probability it will have to be fought out in Committee of the Convention. FEDERAL FINANCE AND RAILWAYS. — The Finance Committee of the Federal Convention is still in a state of uncertainty. Members have been on the point of arriving at definite resolutions when their calculations have been upset by suggestions from unexpected quarters. At least that, is the statement in the lobbies. But the publio may soon be enlightened concerning the proceedings of this Committee, for the Chairman, Mr. McMillan, thinks he will be able some time to-day to give the results of its deliberations. The Committee sat on Wednesday morning, and by the luncheon hour had, according to the Chairman, got through everything provisionally except the railways question. In order to bring matters into some concrete shape the Committee intends to have printed— first the clauses agreed to in the 1891 Bill; then the resolutions that have been agreed to in Committee; and, thirdly, tiro or three clauses in the Bill that were postponed. That will cover the whole scope of the work of tbe Committee; except as regards railways. These printed papers will remain privately in the possession of members of the Finance Committee during the railway investigation, and, during that time, as to all amendments desired notice will have to be given as contingent motions. It is intended that there shall be no further debate except where absolutely necessary, and the resolutions will be put seriatim to the vote in the Committee. The Committee has strong hopes that all this work will be completed to-day. The Railway Commis sioners were in attendance on Wednesday afternoon, and a member of the " Hansard" Staff was engaged taking down the statements made by those gentlemen on the railway question. Mr. Eddy, the Chief Railway Commissioner of New South Wales,'Mr. Mathieson, Railway Commissioner of Victoria, and Mr. Pendleton, the South Australian Commissioner, were examined, chiefly in regard to the question of providing in the Constitution of the Commonwealth against the imposition of preferential rates in the different colonies. They were in the Committee-room for nearly three hours. At the conclusion of the meeting Air. McMillan, referring to the railways question, stated—"We propose to draft a resolution which will, of course, be in the form of a clause for the Constitutional Committee, and we have now come to the conclu sion that the clause will be prepared so is to provide against all reasonable contingencies, and, having done that, the principle adopted will be to leave to the judicial authority to be created the final arbitrament of all questions brought before it. To-morrow the whole work of tha Finance Committee will be before us in a series of resolutions, and the debates will be short. I am therefore in hopes that by to-morrow night I shall be able to practically declare the results of our deliberations." It is understood that the judicial authority referred to is a body with powers similar to those of the Inter-State Commerce Commission of the United States, which will be brought into existence to finally decide in the matter of preferential rates. At the Committee in the morning there was debate as to whether the Federal Government should have power to take up State debts, and whether that power should be optional or compulsory. The feeling is understood to have been in the direction of the Federal authority doing so only with the consent of the States. ENTERTAINING CONVENTIONISTS.—At the in vitation of Mr. J. H. Svmon, Q.C., Churman of the Judiciary Committee, members of that Committee paid a visit on Wednesday afternoon to the Auldana Vineyard. Tha party included Mr. Walker, New South Wales; Mr. Clarke and the Hon. H. Dobson, Tasmania; Mr. Higgms and the Hon. A. J. Peacock, Victoria; and Messrs. James, Leake, and Hassell, Western Australia; and Mr. Halcolmb, Clerk; with Mr. Symon as "guide, philosopher, and friend." After a pleasant drive to the vineyard, Magill, they were met by M. Mazure, the Manager, who conducted them over the spacious new cellars, fitted with appliances up to date, and containing the new vintage, and afterwards over the old cellars and the distillery. The Auldana Estate comprises 230 acres, of which 135 acres is under vines, and the vintage this year is estimated at about 65,000 gallons of wine. The visitors were very mnch interested in the ovidences of enterprise, skill, and science shown in the production of the excellent wines which were sampled. A large parcel of claret was being made up for shipment for Western Australia, and only that day an order for wine had been received from China, proving that appreciation of the Auldana brand was as marked outside as within the colony. Compliments and pleasantries having been exchanged, the party left for the city arriving in town before half-past 4 o'clock. FEDERATION CONVENTION.—The thirteenth sitting of the Convention on Wednesday, April 7, occupied thirteen minutes. When the Clerk, Mr. E. G. Blackmore, in loud voice announced—a superfluity, by-the-way, considering that Air. Kingston's presence is s. distinguishing feature of the gathering—"The President is in the Chair," there were present forty out of fifty delegates. Air. Hackett returned yesterday to Perth. Furniture loomed large in the Chamber. One lady graced the gallery devoted to the new voters half a dozen "ghosts of Coroners' Juries : from above the clock; four Visitors the President's Gallery from an appearance of emptiness; the legislators' chain on the floor of the House were deserted; and the Press Gallery wore a languid look. Mr. Barton and Mr. Solomon presented petitions, one for and on* against the recognition of religion by tbe Commonwealth. Then Sir John Forrest gave notice of motion for leave of absence to Mr. Hackett on account of urgent private business, and for the Committee of the Whole on the Commonwealth Bill to give preference to the consideration of the States right portion ef the measure. Upon the latter point Air. Lyne made a tolto voce comment which had a suspicion of sarcasm. It was refreshing to hear the Clerk call on " Business of the day," which comprised a motion by Air. Grant, the Tasmaniaa railway authority. requeeting the intercolonial railway experts in Adelaide to consider the question of a uniform gauge, and, he added, report as to the procedure necessary to facilitate the object. Sir George Turner objected to the assumption of authority implied in the motion as amended. Air. Reid, with bonhomie, advmed Mr. Grant to withdraw the motion, assuring him that the Governments would take up the question. The cost of unifying the trunkline gauges from Brisbane to Adelaide would be £2,000,000, and the annual cost, £GO,000. divided amongst the colonies oonoerned. Mr. Grant acoepted the assurance, and asked leave to withdraw the motion, which was granted after Air. Trenwith had secured from the President a ruling to the effect that the motion came within the scope of the Convention. At 10.13, on the motion of Mr. Holder, the Convention adjourned for the day. n THE CONSTITUTIONAL COMMITTEE. — The Constitutional Committee of the Federal Convention-will no doubt complete its labours of n going through the Commonwealth Bill to-day, c then the Drafting Committee will get to and prepare a Bill embodying the resolu a ions of the Constitutional, Judiciary, and Finance and Trade Select Committees. This V draft Bill will not be presented to the Convention until Monday at the earliest. Sitting A morning, afternoon, and late at night, the onstitutional Committee—whose members, y-the-way, outnumber the South Australian egislative Council, in whose Chamber the A eetings are held—has succeeded in coverng nearly all the Commonwealth Bill, ith which it determined to deal. a n Wednesday the Committee dealt with umerous postponed clauses in various parts M f the Bill, and completed nearly all the hapters. Clause 58 was amended so that the f ueen must exercise within a year, instead of wo years, her power of disallowance of a law o ssented to by the Governor- General. Most f the clauses relating to the Executive p overnment were passed. The Drafting ommittee was recommended to amend clause f of this part of the Bill so as to prevent any Minister from remaiuin^ in office for a long ime without a seat in Parliament. The um of £15,000 is fixed in the Bill as he annual salary of the Ministers of tate for the Common wealth, but the r ommittee considers that £12,000 is sufficient. he departments of which the Executive Goernment should assume immediate control re set out in clause 10. They are Customs nd Excise, posts and telegraphs, military and aval defence, ocean beacons and buoys, oce^n i ighthouses and lightships, and quarantine. he Committee agreed to this provision ubject to alteration in the event of the inance Committee sending on certain recomendations. Clause 30, relating to an increase f f the number of members in the House of epresentatives, has still to be dealt with, and he Committee may reconsider some other lause, as well as Chapter VIII. referring to the mode of amending the Constitution. In o far as the finance, trade, and judicature ortions of the measure are concerned the raft Bill will be based upon the reports of the Finance and Judiciary Committees. TBE FEDERAL CAPITAL.—At the meeting of the Finance Committee of the Federal Convention on Wednesday the Premier of New South Wales, Hon. Gl H. Reid, said he did not wish Sydney to be made the Federal capital. His reason was that the Federal city would have to be excised from the colony and created Federal territory, and the result of that, in the case of Sydney, would be that nearly half the population of New 'South Wales would be disenfranchised. At the same time be strongly supported the suggestion that the federal capital should be in some part of the mother colony. 