TfiS CRIME AP TEE CfllMML. BOOK IIL—THE WOMAN. CHAPTER XXVII. MR. TOWNSESD IS MADE TO USTIEESTAXD. {The Story as told by Mn. Camtih.} I wondered if he had an inkling of what it was that I might have to say to him. He showed no signs of it. But one could not tell. I felt instinctively that his'intuition was every whit as keen as mine. While as for liis appearance of perfect ease, it clothed him like a skin. A he lounged in an easy-chair I drank in, as it were, the atmosphere of his grace and elegance and charm of manner. I felt that I was going to enjoy myself.. I believe that the fijjhting instinct is the strongest instinct that I have. I know that at least, for once in a way, I was going to cross swords with a foeman who was worthy of my steel. 1 began to play with him as a preliminary to the earnest which was to follow. " I hear that I am to congratulate you, Mr. Townsend." He made a slight movement with his hands—it was a pretty little trick he had. "I understand that you are about to make a change in your condition of life. You are about to be married." " In that respect I do deserve your congratulations, for if there ever was a marriage' which, to one of the parties at any rate, promised all that the heart of man could desire, it is on that on which I am about to enter. Therefore, Mrs. Carruth, I do solicit your congratulations." He looked me straight in the face as he said this, a smile peeping from the corner of his lips. The first score had bsen with him. Aud I felt he-knew it. ' "I saw that the engagement was announced." " I know that it was announced—I believe at the suggestion of Sir Haselton Jardme." " It was rather an odd announcement, the one I saw." "Odd? In what way?" " Perhaps the oddity was also part of Sir Haselton Jardine's suggestion." "What was there peculiar about' the one you saw?" " Well, there was a little about the marriage, and a good deal about the murder." "What murder?" " The Three Bridges murder. It seemed to me to be rather a funny mixture. It was not so much an announcement of the engagement as of Sir Haselton Jardine's connection with the murderer." " His connection with the murderer?" " AB counsel for the Crown.'- . " " I'm afraid I don't quite follow your meaning." "No? Really?" He got up. " , " I fear, Mrs. Carruth, I must tear myself away. I have an appointment which" I am inclined to think is already overdue.-'V -- --- " You mustn't go. Did I not tell you in my note that I have something which I particularly wished to say to you! Have you forgotten? I am coming to it now." •'I am but too disposed to yield to temptation, Mrs. Carruth, being fully'conscious of how good of you it is to say anything to me at all." He' said that kind of thing with an easy asshrance and an exquisite grace which seemed to rob it of its banality. Resuming his seat, he continued to look me straight m the face.' He gave me no lead. I had to make one for myself. " It is about the murder." "The murder? Every one seems to be talking of that." " Are you going to let Mr. Tennant hang?" To look at him one would not have imagined that he understood me in the least.' "I am afraid that that is an issue which scarcely rests in my hands. I wish the poor chap well. I don't know that there is anything else that I can do for him. Is there any talk of a"-petition being got up in esse he is convicted?" " You see, T saw you do it." " You saw me do—what?" He asked the question as coolly as you please. " The murder J" . It might have been my fancy, but I thought that a sort of greyness passed for a moment over his face, and that the pupils of his eyes came to a point. But certainly he showed no other signs of discomposure. ''I suppose, Mrs. Carruth, that you are jesting." ' , " I have been jesting. I jest no more," He watched me for some seconds with anxious scrutiny "What am I to understand you to mean?" "You are to understand that I saw you commit the murder with which Sir. Tennant stands charged." He continued to examine my face. Read* ing as much of it, I suppose, as he desired to read—which, possibly, was more than I intended . Not tbe slightest shadow of a change took place in his own. Having concluded his examination, he got up from his chair. He went to the fireplace. Leaning his elbefw on the mantlebbard, he stood looking down into the burning coals. To judge from his demeanour, what he had just now heard possessed only the smallest personal interest for him. "Where were you?" "I was on the bank. You almost threw the lady upon my head." - ' , "Really?" He positively smiled. do you know it was I?" "How "I saw you. You .stood on the other side of the hedge and stared at me." He glanced up from the fire. "Did you rise up, like a sort of accusing spirit, from the middle of the bushes?" " I did. That kind of thing was enough to make any one rise." " How very odd. Do you know, I took you for a ghost. You gave me a horrid frights I took to my heels and ran for my life." "I know you did. I saw you start off running." He laughed softly. He seemed to find the thing amusing in a way which began to strike me as a bit uncanny. His gaze turned to the fire. "Do you know,'I thought that you were that kind of woman from the first." "What do you mean? That I was what kind of a woman?" "I' mean nothing disagreeable, on my honour. Only I thought that we might ba sympathetic. 1 ' His words of his manner, or both together, cut me as if he had struck me with a lash. So far he seemed to be doing all the scoring, I was silent. I still would bide my time. He went on— "By the way, how came you to be on the bank?" I hesitated. Should I tell him anythincr? And, if anything, how much? I knew that he was watching me. I decided to be frank. " I fell out of the train." "What train?" , "I was in the same compartment with this Mr. Tennant. We had a discussion. . In the course of it I fell out." "While the train was moving?" " Yes. It is a miracle I was not killed. As a matter of fact, I fell among some bushes, and was not even scratched." " You say that you fell out. Do you mean that you fell out with Mr. Tennant's help?" " He had nothing to do with it. It was a pure accident. He may have thought that he had, but he had not." "Is it possible that he thinks you were killed?" "It is extremely possible. When that ody was found I believe he thought that it 4 as mine." This is very curious; but if h6 saw the ody he would know it was not yours'" " Would he see it? Taking it for granted hat it was mine, he would not want to see t, and would they compel him to see it against is will?" His tone was contemplative. "I suppose they wouldn't—no. So, if he is ound guilty, and is sentenced to be hang, e will actually go to the gallows under the mpression that be deserves his fate. I never eard of anything so curious." {To be continued, to-morrow.) 