A HORSELESS CARRIAGE EPISODE. Aunt Jerusha had novel- seen nor beard of the above, so she flung up the window and popped out her head with The grace and spring of a mechanical toy. . “Lawks! Mercy sakes! Wal, I never tv If that don’t beat the Dutch!” , Aunt .Terusha’s vis-a-vis at the table hear the window she had unceremon aously flung up was a handsome young iUaS’ :ln urtisr, in fact, who had come to Seedville to sketch. 1-Ie took no trouble to explain himself to its vil •lagers, but dropped as simply as pos sible into the simplicity of Its life. "Mrs Spearmint,” lie said, mildly, "if you will close that window my buck wheats and sausage will be much "Oh, but sakes alive!” she responded, "do look quick and never mind your buckwheats! Ain’t, that, the curiostest tiling you ever did see in ail your born ' days—and there"ain’t a shudder of a. .horse to it!” • Vilas Stanfield grey interested. He tore himself from lii$ buckwheat cakes •dow, staring downVh'e narrow by-street on which Auiit Jerusha lived with ilie -true Seedville stare. "Caesar's ghost!” “What! 15e it a ghostV” asked Aunt Jerusha, yanking in her head and look ing keenly at him. as il/one or the other of them might be growing crazy. "I might have known that no one but Miss Waterloo would have ventured into region with an automobile tilbury! That, bridge will never hold her!” And seizing his hat he rushed out of the house and down the narrow -elm-shaded street after the horseless carriage. "Whatever has struck that man?” cried Aunt .lerusha, bringing down the window with a bang, now that the show was out of sight. "What, did lie call it? Waterloo, was it? Wait till I go tell Susan Sparrerhawk I’ve seen a Waterloo.” and she hurried next door with this Wellington or Napoleonic piece of news. The news affected the Sparrerliawks sis it had Aunt .lerusha.. They threw ■up the window and ejected their heads, but with no satisfactory result. Sam . caught up ids hat and rushed down the street after Mr-Vilas Stanfield, who sprung along in the wake of the auto matic tilbury at a. college-acquired gait. It was a very nice vehicle, enamelled in dark green and upholstered in russet leather. In the. middle of the seat, -dressed in dark green and russet to match the tilbury, was a very young woman maikouvriug the motor as if her only desire was to keep her turnout at llie top of its Sliced. Vilas Stanfield could not. overtake it. He called; he flung, pebbles at it; he whistled. It splashed through the puddles, and bumped over the inequali ties of the village by-road as it’ nothing would be allowed to stop it. . In a mo ment it would be upon a bridge, a crumbling bit of antique architecture that Seedville had clung to as a footway long after they knew it was unable to bold even the doctor’s chaise. Recent' heavy rains had now all but washed : away its supports. The automobile tilbury was as surely headed for an -accident as any whirring express with a boulder on the tracks.. He turned white and whistled again; this time the tune he and she had sung in duet, as with this same horseless tilbury they had rolled along the hard, broad roads In south-west England . He put his fingers toTiiis Lip's and in creased the strength o-i the, whistle. She stopped, the wlidels of her car riage on the very edge of. the decrepit bridge, turning white, too, but ,not be cause of the danger. 4'Mr Stanfield.” she said severely, as lie came up, "may I ask what 'this means?” "Certainly,” he said, touching his hat. "You can’t cross the bridge. It’s not safe even for foot passengers. I saw you from my boarding-house window, and I came to tell you.” "Very kind. I’m sure,” she said, with a little toss of her russet feathers, "but I’ve no wish to have you save my life a second time. We had enough of that melodrama, at. Rude;” and she puts her bands on the motor handles again. He sprang forward, his eyes blazing. "I’m in etarnest, Miss Waterloo. You must not cross that bridge, unless you want to be drowned.” “I’m in earnest, too. 1 shall cross that bridge, and I won’t have you save my life.- The obligation of having you save It at Bade is enough.” "Very well,” he replied, in a hard, crisp tone; “I won’t save "it. then; but here comes a man whom I know. Sam,” be called, “show this lady liow to get across by the other bridge,” aud resum ing his hat he walked rapidly back to the village. “It’s nonsense!” cried Miss Waterloo, as soon as Vilas Sfanfield was out of sight. "Of course I can go over this bridge. I have crossed two this morn ing that were quite as bad.” "To tell the truth, now,” said Sam, slowly, "lie’s about right. I wouldn’t drive our cow over this bridge since the last rain. Why. it ate the mortar right out ’tween the stones. Til-show you the way ’round by the other one.” "I haven’t time,” she said, glancing down at the tiny watch chatelaine at her jacket lapel. “I’ve lost over five minutes now. and I’m racing and must get back to Steepleton as fast as I can.” And once more taking the motor, she shot, across the bridge almost to flic other side, when there was a waver, a crash, a collapse, and Miss Waterloo aud her tilbury automobile disappeared with the bridge. “I swam,” exclaimed Sam, “I swam!” and flinging off his coat, he managed to pick and scramble his way across the stream to her rescue. _ "That’s. right,” lie- called, cheerily, .“just sit quiet and I will give you a pull on to dry land. The thing wouldn’t make such a bad boat if if hadn’t wheels and had sides and would float;” and lie gave the tilbury a strong twitch to ward shore as she .gathered herself io gethor and tottered to her feet. "Don’t do that.” she cried. "I’m killed as it is, and it shakes so.” “The young feller knowed. didn’t he?” said Sam, discontinuing his jerks upon the carriage. “Oh, yes, I suppose so. Where did be live? Idea so take me lo his place right away. I have no other friends about here, and my arm hurts awfully.” and in spite of her set lips, she began to weep. “Don’t cry.” said Sam, sympatheti cally. "Hold oil a minute, and I’ll fish you out as fine as a new fiddle.” and seizing a plank he extended it to her from the edge of the bank, and tugged, pulled, splashed, and dipped her ’ out with if. “Your queer buggy, or whatever it be. ’ll have to wait there til I can git some of the boys to give me a lift with it. Hin you walk?” and he eyed his charge anxiously. “ ’Cause if you can, I’ll gal lant you to Aunt .Terusha’s.” “Aunt .Terusha’s?” “Yes; that’s where he stops: it’s just next door to us. an’ ’twas her that came Trottin’ in an’ told us about you scuddin’ by like all possessed and no bosses. So I grabbed my hat and came nmnin’ up io see the show, but I didn’t plan for no such grand one as tliis. How are you gettin’ on—can you walk?” "I will try to,” she said, stepping off very slowly, and catching at his arm for support. “You don’t mind allowing me your arm for a little way?” “Oh,-no; that is-” and iio coughed violently as he stiffly projected his elbow. “I’ve gallanted girls before.” They made an odd pair for the village road. Site, a draggled, tripping tailor- j gowned girl; he, a cherry-cheeked Seed ville swain, wriggling with surplus at tempts to be gallant and to nobly do Ills duty, yet growing- still more cherry cheeked and wrigglesome as they came within reach of the village windows. “There be Aunt .Teruslia’s right over there.” he said. “She’ll give you camp tire or catnip or whatever ’tis you want. I’ll haf to go back -and git my coat; seems I forgot it,” and dropping her from his arm lie vanished around the barn, leaving her deserted opposite tlie brass knocker on Mrs Spearmint’s side door.. Miss Waterloo slowly crossed the by street to the side door, and, much dazed with the shock, pain and embarrass ment of her condition, she raised the knocker and let it. fall with a tap that brought Mrs Spearmint to the door as if she had been waiting for it. ... “Aunt | tor want of a more formal name, “is—does—Mr Vilas Stanfield live here?” • “Me do at present, but lie’s just gone f up and hanged himself into what, he calls his study.” "May I see him a moment?—that is, I think you’ll have to take me in. I’ve had an accident; 1 fell through the bridge and-” "hand or Goshen! You don’t say so! Wal. now: come right, in this mi nit. I’m awful glad to see you, and so he’ll be. no doubt. Hurt, did you say? Poor thing, and you’re all sorter damp. I’ll lend .V<m my wrapper while you dry off. Mebhe I’d better git a doctor?” “If somebody would send a telegram for me.” said Miss Waterloo, “1 would-” "Wait, p’r’aps Mr Stanfield will! lie’s an awful nice young man, an’ as ban some as a pieter,” and. shoving an old fashioned rocker toward Miss Waterloo, Mrs Spearmint rushed' upstairs to the studio. “Mr Stanfield!” Xo answer. “Mr Arilas Stanfield!” Xo answer. . "Be you asleep?” ".No.” ' r': “Wal, i h«re's be’n an accident to the Waterloo, an’ she’s downstairs wantin’ you to tel' gra m.” The studio door fled open. Vilas was past Mrs Spearmint and down the stairs three steps at a time, but" he did not telegraph. I-Ie got the automobile til bury from the water; lie sopped it up aud rubbed it down till it looked as well as when it left the manufacturer. Then because Miss Waterloo’s arm was so out of order, lie got into tlie horseless carriage beside her and took her to her- j home. Later be took her to his home.— I “Chicago ATews.” i 