A WILD Ilf DR. V. hut $wi say is quite true, sir, that a man. ought-id! to h;> frightened at anything ; but do ,v,,» know, ! vc got to think Unit the bravest tn.io of nil is t!m cue l but is frightened nnd don t show it. Von j-eo there ain't many mca that are what you'd end “brave ell round.” J’vu seen a fellow that would have mu any man through as soon as lie looked at him, almost jump out of his skin when ho trod uporl a little bit ol a snake There’s myself, Tor instance. I'm a soldier,, nnd an old one, loo. I’ve got the Kandahar medal, as yon sec, and one or two oilier things *s well; and 1 think 1 may say, without brag ging, that I’m not more given to be reared than oilier folks. Well, I myself once got as bad a fright as ever any man got yet, und what’s more, it happened cot ten n.iles from where we’re standing now, and not more’n six months ago. JIow waa that? says you. Well, that/s just what I'm a-going to tell yon. Our old colonel—I won’t speak ill of the poor old chap, for he died only t’other day—but ho was one that you’d got to be precious cmful with, I can tc’l you. Whatever he had to do. he’d have il done his own way, or he'd semi every tiling living, and, like a good many oilier* who’ve Leeu a long timn out here, he’.! got so used to ordering the. black follows about, that nt last he g«.t to do it with all that c-rne neat him, black or white. Col. Medley his name was. hut, from his s]..p-.l;-sh way, we used t« c-.di him “tkd. Headlong.’7 Well, sir, you’ve hoc n up the Bolan Pass, *«■ of eouisrj you know that little branch lire that they’re making from Sibi to Pir Chotvki, at the month of the pass, to help carry st ros and troops up and down. Yes, to re sure, 1 remember, 3on were saying that you’d been at the opening 01 a bridge on it just the ollu r day Well, before that bridge was built, there was I r. sort of make-shift across the channel of the ! river; nnd as for the line itself, though it wasn’t ! re^ul:.rly “ojened” (nnd isn’t yet, for lh:.t i matter; it could curry r train at a pinch, all the i eighteen miles whenever there were a few com l panes of foldiers or a few waggon-loads of j stores that wanted to be sent along in a Lurry. Now it happened by had tuck that when we c;imo down from Quetia four months ago, with the old colonel at our head, the engine driver on this Pir Chotvki line was a Frenchman, whose name was Peter Tronchet. lie was cut te as htgh-haudcd a fellow in his wny as our colonel himself, and when he did get in a tantrum, cart ropes wouldn’t hold him. They ?ay he’d lost his last berth nil along of wanting to fight r duel with the supciinten de nt; but I don’t know how that would have been, though it’s just the sort of thing he would ! Well, of course, we all knew, though we j little dreamed what was to come of it, that when two such peppery ones as the colonel and this Frenchman mtl there was bound to be a pretty good row, and so it turned out, sure enough. When we got down to the mil wny at Pir Chowki, where a special train was waiting ; to take us on to Bibi, the old colouel was as i crofs as two sticks. Jli ’d had a good, sharp twinge of g ut, tor c.n*: thing, and tiding owe that great plain Jn in the mouth of the Pass to Pir Chowld didn’t sweeten his tempt 1* much, splashing ’ through rivers nnd stumbling among big stones cve ry minute. Then, again, the u gine-drivm had been out in the suit all morning, a ml ycil know how snnppi-h that makes a man here. Fo, when Col. Medley came tailoring and bully ing along and commenced to rough him tip, the Frenchman faced about and answered him back quite saucily’. You should just have sern the old colonel’;, face. It turned as red as his coat, and for a minute I almost thought he’d got into a fit. Then ho jumped forward and shook his fist in the Fronchinnms eyes ar.d roared out: •’Hold your tongue, you impudent dog. or I’ll put. you under mrest! Go to your work, wili you? And mind, no nonsense about coupling* being loose nnd wheels shaky ns an excuse for stopping halfway'. If you halt so much as half a second betweeu this and tfibi I’ll break every bone in your dirty’ French J was standing close to the colonel as lie spoke, and 1 saw the Fn.nchman\s face harder, i.ll at oner, 1 • melted lead wl.eu .you throw it into cold water. Then ho said, very quietly, but just as if he vns biting every word short oil • Vcrce good, Monsieur le Colonel; you shall be satisfied !” Anri away he went to his engine without another word. But there w.is the wickedest look in his eye that I ever saw yet, and it mad* mo feel ip; :r just Tor a momt'iit, although J h;'(!n‘t a ghost of an idea (as ludeed how should I ’-) what- he was really up to. Well, sir, we all got and begun to make our vdvc* ..nug, expectiug to ba nearly a couple ol h*,urs on the road, for it was over tighU-eu miles to Sill, and the lino being only a makeshift ore then, there was a notice up forbidding any driver to tun his train more than ten miles an hour. The twin hacked a bit to get a fair start, ami away we went. I don't think any of us noticed anything out of the way—1 didn’t, at any rate—for the first minute or two; but all at once my rear-rank man, lk>b Barton, sings out: “ Well, if this ain't uK-ru'n ten miles an hour, I’m a Dutc) in-m !’’ He’d hardly sroken when the train gave a lurch that shook us all together like apples in a b.!gt and then another toward the other side, und then—talk of fling! Fling was nothing tc it—’twas more like being fired out of a gun. The very air seemed to whiz past us, and nil nt once wc heard the Colonel yell out from his window: • “ Slacken speed, you rascal ! Do you want to kill us all ?” The Frenchman answered only with a horrid, f.creamiug laugh; and now we began to get scared in earnest, lor wc took in the whole thing for the first time. There we were, run nine more than a mile a minute overall umsfc line, with all our lives at the mercy of a man who was neatly as mad as he could he. The first bridge was already in sight, and the fellows working on it scattered every way when they saw us coming, screeching like anything. 1 hj;ard tho bridge ciack as we flew over it, ami felt it givo ; and how wc ever escaped I can’t think yet. 41 Boys !’* cried Bob Barton, springing up, “ J won’t sit still and let that lubber murder us all. It’s his life or ours now. Hero goes !” He made for the door as he spoke, and would have been cut upon the footboard in another moment, when we clutched him and dragged him back; for with the pace wc were going, and the way the train rocked, it would have been certain death to try it. Over the second bridge we shot like lightning and went flying round the lest curve towimhi Sibi. Just then i saw something that brought my heart into my mouth—a stone lying on the line ahead of us, big enough to wreck the whole Then I thought all was over. 1 just muttered " God have mercy ou us1” and shut my eyes. But I opened 'cm again next moment just in time to see the stone (tipped over, I fancy, by the shaking of the rails, which were rather loose at the spot) roll off just os we came up to it. Presently, after that (whether it was s minute or an hour after, I could never tell) 1 caught a glimso of a platform covered with people Bhouting and running about; and then we began to slacken speed, and at last stopped altogether. Then I drow as long a breath as if I'd just come up from the bottom of the sea. We’d tun half a mile past Iho Sibi station before we could pull up, and I heard afterward that we did the eighteen miles in ten minutes. When the colonel got cut it made me fairly start to look at him, He tottered so ho could hardly stand, and his face was all drawn and pitched like the face of. a corpse, I don't think it was altogether his own danger that upset him .so (although I’m 6uro it well might), but the thought that one hasty word of bis had nearly cost the lives of all the men under his charge was enough to givo any man a turn. As for Master Frenchman, he got off and bolted the minute the train stopped. It was lucky for him be did, for he wouldn’t have been very snfo among us just then ; and the colonel, on coming to himtolf a bit, yowod to hang him if it cost him ten thousand rupees. hut it couldn't bo proved that ho meant to upset the train (as I don’t supposo he did, indeed), that nil they cuuld do w#« to pivu U® mouths', to? gxcswjipa (ho fixed rate tf spenl. But, of course lie bnO to leavo the c*.-miti.v, and I wasn't f.orry for ore : for, rail or iliau be on the train with him again, IM tramp ail tins way from here to Cal* 