THE JULY REVIEWS. Perhaps the most noticeable thing in " Black- wood" this month is the reference to Mrs Oliphant, whose decease is spoken of as bringing to an end a friendship than which none existing between pub- lisher and author conld have been closer and more reciprocal. Two papers about sport deal respec- tively with cricket and golf, the former being by Prince Ranjitsinhji. Mr Andrew Lang tells once more the story of " Fisher's Ghost," a Campbelltown sensation of the old colonial days, appearing to sum up the evidonce rather in favour of the ghost. Two papers on the Turkish question deal respectively with the crimes of the present Government in that oountry and their remedy, wich is thought to be in the abolition of one-man rule, and with the recent occurrences in Thessaly. Sir C.H.T. Crosthwaite tells the story of Thakur Pertab Singh, one of the visitors to the Jubilee celebrations in London. The "Westminster," among other articles, has one discussing the reasons for the unpopularity of the clergy. The writer adduces the stage parson as an instance that "the Cloth" is not now so much disliked or feared as held generally in con- tempt. When the clergy rise in public estima- tion, he says, they will be presented on the stage in a more manly light, because the stage manager knows his public. The reasons he sets down as caste prejudice, the narrowness of clerical train- ing, the influence of elderly spinsters in limiting the development of the young clergyman's character, and partly perhaps the moral excel- lence of clerical teaching. Papers on Sunday observance legislation, the law of betting, the Anglo-Scottish controversy, and Serbia are among the contents; while Mr Stanly Young writes a plea for a public school for the unortho- dox, H G Keene couples Byron and Napolean in an article, and Robert Ewen offers some "New Views of Trade," the principal of which is a suggestion to abolish Bank of England monopoly by establishing a National Bank. The "National Review," writing about the "Wolcott Commission, presents from two contribu- ters the monomet list and bimetallistal views of British interests in relation to the matter in a form that will interest students of the monetary questions, while F J Faraday offers some reflec- tions on the subject from an Imperial standpoint. Discussing the present position of the Anglican Church in connection with the Lambeth Confer- ence, Bernard Holland finds that the attempt to combine Catholic hierarchy with Protestant doc- trine is still of doubtful success. If, however, the proposed measures are carried through, he says, writing in advance, the Anglican Com- munion will have a true patriarch, a council to assist him, a tribunal to decide questions and develop the case-law of the Church, and a de cennial meeting of the Anglican bishops to dis- miss wider questions. Spencer Wilkinson writes about "The New Nelson," and the Countess of Desare bas a paper on " Women," in which she looks forward to a time not when man and woman will enjoy an equality as absurd as unreal, but when women will admit her limitations and re ascend tho throne from which she has been foolishly tempted to descend. Spain is charac- terised as Europe's " new invalid " by one con- tributor, another writes about the multiplication of musicians, Sir J S Clarke has a paper on " War, Trade, and Food Supply," and thore is an article on American affairs. In the Monthly and Colonial Notes a good deal of attention is given to the progress of the Australian Premiers. "Macmillan's" has a pleasant paper about the lesser Elizabethan lyrists- Sir Philip Sidney, Peele, Greene, Lodge, Marlowe, Nash, Campion, and others. Profossor Morris, of Melbourne, dis- cusses " The Problem of the Kangaroo," concern- ing himself mainly about the origin of the name. Among other papers is one about the West African slave trade, with a couple of stories. " Cornhill " has a contribution from a clergyman showing the poverty of poor livings in the Church of England, an anniversary study of Marston Moor and Cromwell, Piers Plowman's view of English life in the fourteenth century, and some practical instructions by Hartley Withers as to how to examine a prospectus. The private diary is continued, and there are several readable stories. The " Century Illustrated " continues ita " Campaigning with Grant" series, and has three descriptions by Seton-Karr of big game hunting in Africa and India. Like " St Nicholas " also for this month, the magazine makes¡an attractive show with both reading matter and illustrations. The " Badminton " has papers about Solent yacht racing, Fred Archer, golf and cycling, and reminiscences of foreign excursions and sport. The " Economic Journal," among other sub- jects of more genernal ínterest, examines the inci- dence of taxation on Ireland, while Professor Edgeworth, one of the editors, writes of the pure theory of taxation. There is nothing in this number specially referring to Australia. " Natural Science " predicts, among other things, that the woman of the future will have a pronounced beard, on the authonty of Dr Brandt in the " Revue Scientifique. " The feature of the new volume of the "Dic- tionary of National Biography " published on the 26th June, is the article on Shakespear by Sydney Lee, and that on Sir Walter Scott by Mr Leslie Stephen. It is a pleasant alphabetical coincidence, which brings the greatest of Englishmen and the greatest of Scotchmen into the same volume. 