■i ~i. '»J- L--J\M. x. i <vju«sAt NEW BOOKS. : fBsr AifToiTcron f 'CbiZ'afifACUr t .. - "The Baba, being the'unejenlful history of a young gentleman at --Cambridge University," as Reported fby Edward F. Benson, eon of thejatejbrchbitli'aj Canter bury and :author, -of . ^ Dodp ".and,A*?(T(ie Bubicon," baa been eent^me' by "Mesers." K. S. Wiffe &.Son, of Bundle Street. It js ;•» brightl-jwritten and amusing aechnnt ipf/the doings and sayings of a particularly boyish and innocent-looking l.ypung.map. _and_ hla particular friends and crosier, with one or two smnrt character sketches of the Fellows and Tutors. The book is written, as the dedication states, from his own personal .recollections,. _ and _ JUr^ Benaon fpund.tflfit therein was no remarkable or stirring erent. He'then cast about for anything' remarkable or stirring that happened to' anyone: else soever "while he Was at "the" "University," "but here again all was alike uneventful, so that lie was forced to the uncomfortable conclu sion thst sncb things dp mot occur—at Cambridge or at least not to the under graduates, and that if the book wore to" be written at all-it most be made up or homely and wholesome ingredienfs—such as a cricket ball, a canoe, a tripos, "a don, a croquet mallet, a few undergraduates, a -Creek piey, some' work; and so forth.' The Babe himself is a light-headed and light-hearled young gentleman whom everyone declines "to take seriously, though, as one of his friends remarks," The Bshe isn't, half a bad sort." The heart, though light, is sound and kindly, end the light head has sufficient brains in it to get his B.A. degree with distinction, with which exciting incident the history closeth. The hook is illustrated by- six beantifnl photographs of scenes in and around Cam bridge and in a neat cloth binding is sold at 38\. 6d. In "The CarisBima" Lucas Mslet has given 419 a weird history of a haunted man and- w cold-blooded woman. The hero, Oonstsntine Laversedge, is hag-ridden, -not for his sins or by the memory of them, lor he seems' to have led a decent sort of - life right through and ib a thoroughly good fellow, but. because, as .he himself expresses it, he has " seen the * Thing Too Much.'" What that " Thing Too Much" was the reader must find oot for himself, but it leads to the appearance of the ghost or a dog—a wretched little yellow cur—that follows him,. visible only to himself, climbs on his knees, shares his bed, and renders life more than gruesome. To mske matters worse, Lever- - sedge is engaged and has been for years to a young hi civ, playfully addressed by her father in moments of expansion as " Carissima mia "■—whence the title, "The Carissima." On being told of the awful trouble that has befallen her Jover—who, by the way, is immensely rich—she sees at first only what a sensation the fact might mske if properly, used and how it would help them into " Society," where the young lady's position is very much on the outer fringe. Failing in that idea, for, Bad to say, Leversedge does not regard'the interest of Society as any aUeria* tion of the horror, she still refuses to be- Bet free, and the marriage is hurried on, Lever sedge completing very handsome settlements before the event and asaoon as the ceremony is over making a -will -leaving everything1 -to her. During some festivities in the evening following the marriage, with the assistance of a friend, the newly-made wife deliberately "works on her husband's feelings to induce him to believe that the horror had come to haunt her too. Then, while his heart is torn at the thought of what he has brought upon her, " The Carissima " turns round and tells him that the story of her possession is all a plan—a plot to rid herself of him now she has got all he could give her. Little wonder that the unfortunate fellow, whose one hope has been in'tbe love of his bride, is found dead, self-slain, the next morning. This is a bald outline of the story, which is moat powerful thongh hardly ti pleasant one. Besides the two principal figures there are several other excellent character sketches in the book, notably those of the Csrissima's father end mother. The volume is published in Methuen's Colonial Library and is sent to me from Cole's-Book Arcade in- Bundle Street, the pribe being 3s. 6d. in cloth and 2s. 6d. in paper. 