LOST IN THE STORM. " Walk in, walk right in, you're welcome ; Whew ! how the wind whistles ahout. Take a chair close to the tire, sir : It's a bad sort o' night to be out. You saw our light through the darknes3, And thought you would come ? That's right. Somehow ray heart's warmer and softer On cv'ry such blust'rin' night. u You seem sort o' pale-like and nervous, Your walk was too much, I think : Corae to look, you're white as a ghost, sir ; Seems to me you'd better drink. Well, well, 1 won't urge you, hut really— What's that you're sayin'—this night, With its storm, makes you think of another, And the mem'ry saddens you quite ? Mayhap if you'd tell mc the story, 'Twoulri easo up your mind a bit. 'Twas just such a night as this one— 'Tain't likely I'll ever forgit— That our blessing came, and somehow When the wind and storm are abroad, There's a queer kind o' feclin' in here, A sort o' thanksgiviu' to God. " What's that you are saying' ? Oh, surely I couldn't ha' heard you right. Did you say that your wife went somewhere, And you dropped in that night i That she went home kind o' early ; But they urged you to stay a spell, Aud told her you'd briug the baby, And see 'twas bundled up well ? " At last the wine you'd be'n drinkin' . Had somehow got into your head; The wind and the storm were dreadful • When you started for home, you said ? Sec here, stranger, 'twasn't near Alta, Just five years ago to-night ? I'm thinkin' o' that place always, So I couldn't'a'heard you right, L . f * ; " It was ? And the baby you held it And staggered on through the snow. Your brain growin' drowsy and dizzy; - . And that is the last you know Of that night and the storm, till some one Found you there crazy and wild, And carried you home; but surely How didn't they find the child? " " Ho ?—weli, I might ?a' known it. From the first, somethin' toldjme 'twas so. You say some wild beast had got it There were tracks all about in the snow. Stranger, see here, if a fellow— A poor sort o' fellow, you see— Found a purse of gold that its owner Thought he had lost in the sea. " And then he should meet with that owner, Do you think it would be a sin. Just to keep it ?—when he who lost it Thought never to see it ag'in ? You do ? Well, go on with your story, Your wife ? Might 'a' known, she went wild, | And told you not to come nigh her . Ag'in tul you brought bade her child. u Five years aad-hearted and lonely, Five years you've be'n wanderin' about.. Ah, well! to mo they've be'n happy; Yes, wife, go bring Dolly out. I seo my way dear to duty, When she's right here on my knee ; Her white arms cliDgtn* ahout me, I'm a little faint-hearted you see. t: Home here, little Dolly, my baby, Give daddy one more kiss, and then I'm a better man than, without her, . ' I could ever hope to 'a* be'n. | Now here is my story—don't cry, wife, It's tough, but it's right, you know ; J That night, sir, ridin'from AUa, I was cursin* the wind and snow, u When my horse stumbled right over some thing, And when I got off to see, 'Twas a dead man, leastways I thought so, And a child that smiled at me.. I I unbuttoned my coat and laid it 1 In here away from the storm, [ And somehow, from that very rainnit. My heart's be'n soft-like and warm. 1 We were comin'west, so we kept it; 'Twan'fc ours, and wo might 'a' known Wo'd some day get punished for keepin' ; The gold that wasn't our own; I And while you were tellin' your story The Dovil kept whisperin' to me, 'Don't tell him; ho never will know it: He thinks the child dead, you see. 1 Snt'I just had to—that baby With her cute ways has charmed me quite; i Once I didn't care a copper, sir, | If a thing were wrong or right, v | But now—well, here is your baby; Her loss cured you of your sin. [ Lost in the storm, the storm drove yon Bight here to find her ag'in." —Hose Hahtwick Thoete. . 