6il 5O$^ 55 A 'COME-ALL-YE.n (By 'Tub Owri.') iCohb all yo young Auntrnliunfl, i And.Iriah 'pathriota,' too, ' 'A talo of bow id robullion. I want to tell yo thrue, ' By gunuios bo I do j I will, by gob, whur-r-r-oo, 'Twaa down in Donnogalo, By Connomara'u liiltu, A doothor raado hla pi uu thorn And rolled hia etrongeat pi Ho, To aavo tho folka diaordhora And euro 'cm of thoir ilia. Ochl clovor waa this docthor As auy man you'd find; Ilia forehead it wua bulging . Wid unrolling av bin mind, And bumps of information Wna on hia head bohind. But wanat n. clovor joker Ho brought the doc. to thrato A p'lthriiiud imposthor Chipped out uv athono co nalo ; '1'ho docthor guvo tlio ' corpae,'eoro, A clane cerli/icato. Wid cliieoia they lmd cut it (The guilo of num 'nhono), Wid chiuol aud vrid mallot; From dhirty Orange atliouo; ? ? : And rubbed it wid aund-papor To uiuko it ' flooh and bono.' But nhuro this fond phyaiclan, Dueuvcd by tho outaido Av thin otiirnal dummy Ho cortifivd it died (To give the cuuHo of doath, r.ors, 'Tiu euid ho oven tried). Tho petrified cuduvor ? Kueavod -i lvako iudndo; Bogob tho pooplo thruvellod To «oe tho poor corpse hud. Which, out av Orango marble, Designing miu hud made. Thia Marble Joko wua buried. Widout hia winding clotheo, But, wondnrful to toll yoz, Tho blisaud ghost arotiC — A Mulloii-choly fact, Eora (Bupleaaed to hold your nose). Ita apook began to posthor Tho (ioclhur or'ry whoro ; It rapped upon bin tabli-, It rapped upon hii? chair, It Blauuned iho docthcr'a wiudovro, And pullod tho docthor'a hair. Boujabors whon tho ' muojum' To ask ita immo began, A cowld and icy ahuddor Among tho pooplo ran; And tlion it grinned and muttered i 'I am tho Marblo filan.' But oldor grew our docthor, And botther bciibo larnt ho. Through rouding comic papora And Miathor Konnidou-o, Aud tuk to thiiigB moro tlttmg A quill iilud M.D. So wliin thoy tivlkod of raiain' Tho ichost av ' Ninoty-eight,' Budad tho gullanl ttawbomm Jumped up fornint the ijuto Wiioro ho hud buon reclinia' So quietly av lato. So'/, he: ' I want divuriiion, U'iio Miillon-apooki) havo fled, I'm iu thia Iiiah busiimaa, I'm in it tienk nnd head ; 'Tia not tho first ocmtsion I'vo helped to raiao tho dead,' Indado yo know our tinipor, Av coorao 'tiu hob and quick, And booh »i- fell to ilghiia' Among ouniolves aviclt ; We epiifc in tivinty factiono Aud aturtud raiiiiug Nick. 'Twaa letthera to tho pupora, Wid quurrula in bulwuuii, To bring tho moro dincredit, God iiolp ua, on tlio gioon And we Auraralian freeman And tmbjucla av tho Queen. Tlio miu av 't)0, ftiuda, AVoro bravo onough, 'tia said, But 'tin a hundred yoara ahuro, And — robt their aowhi — they're dead Imlmlo tho truth I'm tolling, The PATK10T.S aro dead. And phwat havo wo to do wid Tho wrongn av othor yoara P Our path of lifo iiproadu onward UntiUiincd by blood and toaruj Wo havo iu fair JLiiHtrnlln Fol- Liberty no fonro. To h ? 1 wid all tho Bqabblou That voiced our graud tolka' days, Our duty'n to tho country Wo found acroaa tho oaya, Whoro balloto and not bny'nota A rulo of freemen awaya. That bono of old contention 'Hub inuut.v grown of Into, Thu rowu ot ancient factiona Dititurbod not muuh our atato Until thoy disinterred it — Tli in corpao of '08. Oh, doother,' no poat- mortom, Thati makua a atink, you'll own t Put down your pick and nhovel Fornint tho gruvou ahouo I Ooli, doother, doothor, durliufc, I'd lavo tho jrhouto alone, Tho objocta of tho Australian Nutiyon Aotiociatlon aro announced to bo 'patriotic, national, and non-party, with iv predilection towards Auiitralian Fodonw Mon,' ' Predilection' ia good. Tho dog lmu ft prodilootlon foi-a bono in a butohor'fl aliop, but haii not got Wio courage to go and talto it, Tlio A.W. Aaiieii don't uutiin to lnvvo tho cottriigo ot thoir couvlotioiin. Porluipn thoy ilon'fc poBDeun nufllciont con vloliona to go rouuci. 