CHAPTER XXVI. .July 29, 9.30 p.m. A lovely rendering of Gounod's ' Nazareth' on the organ kept mc in un seat till the last echo died away. Dick had left me, but I found him, as I expected, waiting for n:e at the door. His gr eeting was warm and enthusiastic, but I took it for what it was worth, knowing that Noll was the cause of it. Her name trembled on his tongue as soon as ' How d'ye do,' and ' How strange meeting you here!' had been said and answered with a lingering handshake as an accompaniment. Then I told him all he was dying to know, and we walked up Piccadilly and turued into the Green Park for a talk before I took the homely 'bus' back to the hospital. It appeared he was a constant fre quenter of the Theist Church, though not a professed acceptant of the religion it embodied. When I could drag him away from 'Nell'—Nell's doings and sayings, her present welfare, her future plans—I made him explain what Theism really meant, and the reason of its existence as a religion, in a sort of aiien relationship to the parent church. We had a long and interesting cou versatiou. Indeed he even accompanied me on the omnibus to the hospital, and took leave of me with evident regret. I promised to see him in my ' off' hours, for the. next week. It is likely tie will be leaving town shortly, with his uncle. Geoffrey Mastoiiuan appears to have acquired the true American craze for ' rushing' from place to place. He never settles down anywhere for any length of time. I asked him why he didn't write to Nell himself. He allowed lie had done so, and sent her his book, but had only had one letter in return. He seemed to think she did uot desire to open any correspondence with liim. In my own heart I cannot blame the girl, though, to common sense, her conduct seems a little unwise. Dick is such u good follow—so honest and tender and true—and he loves her so devotedly, but alas! isn't that always the way ? The best and truest love rarely iiuds what Tennyson called its ' earthly sequel,' unless, indeed, ' streaming eyes and broken hearts ' he considered in that light. Well, we parted, Dick and I, and I wont into my own quarters, and wrote up my diary for the day, and in con sequence of the time spent in doing so had to undress in the dark, or rather by moonlight, for hospital rules are in exorable, and fines are a heavy tax on a nurse's pocket. August C. Save for tlie usual ' cases' in tlie wards, I have had nothing to chronicle. The heat in London has been iuteuse, and a corresponding amount of sickness, due to drought aud reckless living, crowded the fever wards last week. But things are better now. It occurred to mo to-day, that it is some time since I had a letter from IS"ell. I hope nothing is the matter; I feel unusually anxious. I saw Dick Barrymore yesterday. . He told me be had written to her a week ago, but had no reply yet. He leaves for Switzer land to-morrow, with his uncle. I shall miss him very much. "We have seen a good deal of each other lately, and I seem to know him better than I did at Ulongnriff. Dear Glengariff! IIow lovely it must be there in those cool woods, be side that lovely murmuring water, among those fairy islands ! Ho wonder I sigh, sitting here in the hot close air, that no ventilation can make breathable. But I must not get discontented. I have put my hand to the plough. There must be no looking back. I am steadily working on for a purpose and ambition of mv own. AVhcther I achieve them or not I at least have the satisfaction of trying my best. 7th, Knookminoss, Youghal. . . . Breathing space at last! The last entry in mv diary was written in my own room in the hospital in London. I. open it to-night in a brief half-hour of leisure, to continue its history onet more here, under the roof of the man I count my bitterest enemy. How has it all come about ? Let me he accurate in every detail. Much may one day depend on these notes of mine. The 6th broke cold and wet. Jt was a hank holiday, aud the streets won: that dismal look which weather and disgusted pleasure-seekers alone can bestow. I took a look at drenched gowns and dripping umbrellas, and be draggled skirts aud melancholy feathers as I passed to my morning duties. I had been a brief time iu the ward when one of the sisters came to me with a telegram in lu-r hand, ' for you, Sister Gray,' she said. It was such an unusual thing that I took the little brown envelope with some trepidation. I tore it open and read Litis message : ' Nell very" ill. Fever. Fear ' the worst. Am ill myself; can do nothing more. Come at once; at once. ' II mv LyuiKism:.' I stood there, holding that little bit of paper in my hand like one dased. Then I muttered some excuse to the sister in charge, and, regardless of rules fines, everything, I rushed to the matron's room, aud poured out my breathless request. With or without permission, I must go at once, that very day, to Ireland. Nell dying. ily bright, pretty, merry Nell! I felt sick and broken, hearted as I read those words, I don't know what I said to the matron, but I suppose I made it clear that the message was urgent, aud that" ;o I must. The permission was granted. Indeed had it been refused I should have left all the same. I took the 6.30 train from Eustou,. caught the mail at Kingsbridgc next morning, and wa6 in Youghal the same afternoon. I took a car aiid drove straight to Knockminoss. • The man dip not drive through the town, but turned, round past tho other side of tho station, and drove along a straight dusty road till he reached a hill, lie drove up this hill, aud ou aud oil for what seemed to me a long time. • Theu we reached lodge, and he informed mc that I was at my destination. A woman came to the gate ; my parched lips tried to frame an inquiry but failed for very terror of what' the answer might be. AYe drove down an avenue, thickly planted with trees, theu came a wide, open space, showing the sea fair and smiling in the distance,. aud'before me was the house as Nell had described it. I sprang from the ear aud rang the bell. I bade the uiau ;put down my small Gladstone bag and modest trunk, and paid liini his fare. A sen-ant came forward and stared when she saw mo. She was a stupid-looking girl, with untidy black hair rolled about her head, and a not too clean apron over bei black dress. 'lam the nurse,' I SRid. ' I was telegraphed for. Will you take me to Mrs. Langrishe's room ?' ' Will yeplazestep iu, miss,' she said, opening the door of the dining-room. ' I'll tell the mastber, miss. No one is allowed to go near the mistress but himself.' I went into the room and stood by the window, looking out in an agony of fear and impatience. Presently E heard u step, I turned and saw James Laugrishe. His face, as he saw me confronting him, turned perfectly livid. If he had seen a ghost he could not have looked more terrified. ' My God! You! How did you como hero?' he gasped. * Didn't you expect mc?' I said, * Your wife telegraphed forme. Kell is very ill,' she said. 41 came at onco.' 'My* wife,' he stammered. 'My wife telegraphed for you? There must bo some mistake.' ' Here is the message,' I said, handing him the telegram, which I had kept iu mv pocket ever since I received it. He read it, and his face grew savage. 'I was not told.'he said. 'I know nothing. I wouldu't have'sont for you if I had needed a nurse.' ' Probably not,' I said. ' Hut it was my friend I came to uurso, not you. How is she?' ' It has turned to typhoid,1 he said, sullenly. ' I can't give au opinion yet.' 4 And Mrs. Haugrishe?' I asked. 4 The bad symptoms began yesterday. I suppose she felt ill and wired to tou tlie day before. I knew nothing about it.' 1 She never told you!' I said, breath lessly. " 4Haven't I said so? It'£ devilish, odd. 1 think she must have gone off her head. She has been very queer. She hasn't slept since Miss Nugent was taken ill.' 4 May I go and see them, since I am here?' I said, quietly. 4 Of course,' he said, hastily. 'Why not. It's no business of mine. Indeed, it's a great relief to have someone l<> look after them. I had intended send ing to Cork for a nurse. The parlour maid is ill, too—same thing, I'm afraid. People arc getting scared. There are a lot of cases in the town.' lie spoke in a jerky, nervous way, moving restlessly to and fro at. the lime. His eyes never met miiim I thought his manner very odd. Hut perhaps I put it down to some reinnant-of up forgotten sentiment. A woman nuy?T believes that a man who has once loved .lie i' ever quite forgets iicr: ' 1 showed no embarrassment what ever, . though I felt 1 had come to his ieuse in a very inopportune faBhion. I ' -was puzzled to know why his wife whould hare telegraphed for me without his knowledge. However, I put it down to some urgent request of Nell's, •which she had carried out before suc cumbing to the fever. ' Will you take both cases ?' he asked me suddenly. 'Yes,' I snid. 'I am used to hard work. I know every stage of this fever, i I have nursed scores of cases already. Are they in adjoining rooms ?' 'No, that's impossible.' ' It must bo managed,' I said. ' Surely you know that.' 'Miss Nugent is better. She does not need so much care as my wife. Their rooms are divided by a passage.' ' I will sec them,' I said, ' and then make ray arrangements. Kindly lead the way.' He tookmc up abroad staircase, which led to a long carpeted corridor. Several doors opened on this corridor. He opened one, and lviug on the pillow—a wasted haggard object—was Nell. I stopped by the door to gaiu composure. I was afraid of disturbing her. She seemed in a state of sleepy exhaustion ; her eyes were closed, but she was muttering softly to herself. I went over and studied her atten tively for a few moments. ' The loom had heeit cleared of hang ings and superfluous furniture. There was the familiar scent of disinfectants everywhere. I touched her hand. It was burning hot. Her head turned restlessly on the pillows. I leant over her and whispered her name. She paid no heed. She kept muttcriug something over and over again. 'Is it locked up? Oh, is it locked up ?' That is what I heard. ' You have attended her entirely your self ?' I asked Dr. Langrishe, as 1 moved away from the bedside. 'Of course,' ho said sharply. 'My colleagues here are not more skilful than I am, and I did not think it neces sary to havo a Loudon physician over.' I passed over the sneer without ob servation. ' I should like to see your wife next,' I,said. He turned, and I followed him into a beautifully furnished bedroom, with two windows looking seawards. The curtains of the .bed were draped Trench fashion from a gilt crown fixed in • the ceiling., They were of delicate, pink, covered with filmy lace, and shrouded the haggard, wasted face of the sick woniau in ghastly contrast to herself." My first glauce showed me she tv a a vory ill. 'How many days,' I asked quiotly. " ' To-morrow will be the sixth from the first symptoms. She would not acknowledge she was ill.' 'You should not have allowed her to nurse Miss 2fugent,' I said, sharply; ' especially if she was in bad health at the time.' ' How do you know she was in bad health ?' he asked, with a furtive glance at my face. 'My friend told me in one of her letters.' ' She was very well,' he said in solently. ' As well as she has ever bcun. But she is a fanciful woman, and a headache will knock her over.' ' Where does that door lead to ?' I . asked, pointing to another one that opened out of the bedchamber. ' That is my drossiilg-room.' ' May I see it ?' I inquired. ' Certainly,' and he led the way again, and threw open the door. It was a fair-sized room, very plainly famished. It had a wide square win dow, also looking to the sea. A couch stood before it. In the opposite corner was a low iron bedstead. The furniture was completed by. a mahogany wardrobe, n shnviug-glass and table combined, a marble-topped washstaud, and a uouple of chairs. ' You use this room at present ?' I said. ' Of course. She bad laid vary bud nights. 1 have watched hor for the first "half and Hannah, the parlourmaid, would then tako. my place, but she has hrokon down to-day.'. . I oonsidered for. a few momonts. Then I said :— 11 should propose to move Miss Nugent into this room. I wil' 'hen 'have the two patients under mj j e.; It there another bedroom into which you could moTc ?' ' Of course,' he said. ' There is the 6parc room, at the end of the passage. I shall be within call. But do you think it advisable to more your friend ?' 'I do,' I said quietly. 'And I must have all this fantastic drapery and hangings removed. Can you send any one to assist me ?' ' The housemaid has left,' he said. ' Got scared. Hannah has gone to the fever hospital. The woman who admitted you and the . stable men are the only servants!' I thought that l'or such an imposing looking establishment it seemed singu larly destitute of domestics. But I was notgoiugtoraiseobjections atsuchatimc. A crisis was at hand, and I needed all my nerve and coolness. I knew I. was strong enough to do the work of two nurses with very little outside assistance, and surely in a duy or two he would be able to get someone to help with the household. ' l'lcuse send that woman up,' I said, and I removed my clonk and bonnet, and hung them on a rail in the outer corridor-. Ho went downstairs, and in a few minutes the untidy creature who had admitted me appeared. I gave her my orders, and she brought steps and dusters and brush, as I de sired, and in a very short time I had the fripperies and fantasies stripped from Mrs. Langrishe's room, the square of carpet raised and removed, the boards sprinkled with carbolic, and the inevit nble drenched sheets waving to and fro in a current of fresh pure air. The dressing-room wanted very little arrangement, only the removal of the carpet, and the placing the bed in a different position. The couch, a deep padded Chesterfield, I intended to use for myself. I tlicu bade the servant remove hcv master's belongings to the spare room, and got that ready for his use. "While she was doing this I examined the medicinal bottles on the table beside Mrs. Langrishe. They were unlabelled. Evidently her husband made them up himself. One was a small bottle marked ' Drops,' on which a strip of paper was pasted, marking, by little notches, each dose. I smelt this. 'Morphia,' I thought to my self, and then looked at the sleeping woman. She was in a heavy stupor now. She seemed . to breathe with difficulty. I did not like her appear ance" at all, and for many more days she must battle with this hateful disease ere a change could be expected. Would she ever have the strength ? As there was nothing to be done for her at present I returned to Nell. Still restless, still muttering, uncon scious and unrecognising. There was no doubt that she was very seriously ill. I had seen too many cases of this horrible fever not to recognise at a glance its virulent or mild forms. But she was young, and had lived quietly and rcstfully now for nearly a year. Surely nature and I oould pull her through, if God so willed. 