AT THE BATTLE OF FLOWERS. I was lolling on one of the wooden seats, and looking at the morning sunshine on La Croisette at Cannes. It was five or six years ago. The blinds of the white-faced Cercle Nautique were carefully drawn to protect the complexions of the one or two elderly members reading the newspapers in the big room ; the little enclosure in front of the club was encumbered with mountains of cane-bottomed chairs, to be used when the military band played in the afternoon ; Rumpelmeyer's best and most expensive of afternoon tea-haunts, slumbered in the sun- light ; and from the depths of a grove of palms soul orange trees in the garden of the Grand Hotel the drowsy burden of a Neopolitan song was wafted on the warm air. The see sparkled and flashed ; the yellow sunlight on the road and the walls of the gardens made one's eyes ache. Near in by the narrow harbour, and out by the green islands, the little pleasure boats which are peculiar to Cannes rocked and turned like sea- lords skimming over the blue waters. Presently an old gentleman who was sitting at the other end of the bench began to talk to me. He was grey-haired and distinguished-looking, and wore the small red ribbon of the legion of Honour in the button-hole of his tight-fitting frock-coat. He was not a Frenchman, however, although an old resident in Cannes. He told me a number of interesting facts connected with the town in the early days of its popularity. But what interested me most was his story relating to the big white villa on our left. It was a large house standing back from the dusty road behind two iron gates and a low stone wall. There was a grass-sown lawn be- tween the carriage drive and the parapet of the wall ; and two or three big palms, the highest trees on thc Croisette, threw their black shadows upon the rows of closely shuttered windows. It was a solidly-built, stately kind of house, but in the staring front and shuttered windows there was a depressing aspect, which my companion pointed out to me. " You notice that it is unoccupied, although the season is at its height," he remarked. " It is ten years now, since anyone lived there, and I doubt very much if it will ever be occupied again. There are people who say that it is haunted." " And is it haunted ?" I aasked " Perhaps it is haunted for the owners," he replied enigmatically. " Have you happened to remark the carving on the gates ? No ! Well, if you look, you will see the Imperial Eagles of Russia on both gates. The place belongs to the Imperial Family—to one of the Grand Dukes. " Haunted !" he repeated. " If it is so— and who shall say that such things may not be, sir ?—it is haunted by the ghost of a very beautiful and very unhappy lady—the last, person who ever lived within those walls, sir. She was quite young—two or three and twenty —with the splendid dark hair and glorious eyes of the women of the South of France. Tall and slender, gracious and graceful, in good health, she must have been one of the handsomest women in Europe When I saw her, disease had already dulled the lustre of her eyes and hollowed the fullness of her face. I can remem- member her sad smile of welcome, when I was first shown into her presence, as well as if it was yesterday. She was lying on a couch before the blazing wood-fire, in one of the front rooms looking out over the bay, and the elderly dame de compagnie who had summoned me introduced me to my patient without a word of explanation as to the nature of her complaint " ' Am I so ill as they say, Doctor ?' she asked in a low sweet voice. ' Do not be afraid to tell me the truth.' " It was not a pleasant question to answer. I may say, that at this time I had some slight reputation for my method of treating chest cases—I have long since ceased to practice—and there could be no doubt that there was chest trouble here. I made my examination : hope- less—the lungs going like dry paper in a red fire, and a consuming fever to fan the, fatal flame. It was the horribly rapid destruction of a naturally strong constitution that had received a death-blow. She was doomed. Of course I did not tell her so ; but I enjoyed absolute quiet and the greatest care, making a cheerful allusion to the healing powers of the sunny days in store for us, now that a windy February was nearly over. " ' Shall I be well enough to be out on the day of the Battle of Flowers ?' she asked. ' It is on on the 11th of March, you know.' " I told her that this must depend on her caution and patience. Then I promised to come to see her again and went out with the elderly, grey-haired companion. You may imagine that I put a good number of questions to this grave-visaged lady. It is essential to a physi- cian to be acquainted with the history of the case on which his advice is sought—the begin- ning of the evil, its course, and so forth. But precious little assistance did I obtain. My beautiful patient had evidently forbidden her dependent to give me any information. She had no friends or relations, I was told, who could be summoned to the sick-bed. She was living alone in the big villa, with newly engaged servants to wait upon her, and not a soul to cheer her through the long dull days of illness but the taciturn companion. " Well, sir, I made my way straight to the house-agents and bankers, determined to find out all that was possible concerning the matter. The agent—an exceedingly able and obliging gentleman—would tell me everything he knew. Oddly enough he knew nothing. " ' You ask who and what is Madame Gregory, the tenant of the Villa St. Marguer- ite,' said my friend, ' I wish to heaven you could tell us ! We know no more than the man in the moon. All I can tell you is—she is fabu- lously rich, and she has got us into a lot of trouble, and lost us an account which we highly prized.' " It appeared that early in the autumn the agent, was instructed by the Imperial owners to find a tenant for the villa. Just about Christmas this Madame Gregory applied for it ; a provisional agreement was made—the negotia- tions to be held open for a few days. In those lew days came a despatch from St. Petersburg saying that the Grand Duke himself meant to occupy the house with his young bride. The agents tried to break off the agreement, but could not do to. They had let the villa, but the price was not yet settled. So they deter- mined to get rid of Madame Gregory by making a preposterous demand. They named an absurdly large sum ; the lady agreed to it with- out a word of expostulation, and the contract had to be signed. The Grand Duke, it seemed, was furious, and an Imperial—and imperious —client was lost to the agency. " Now, sir, you will hardly credit it, but for three weeks I attended my lovely patient, for three weeks I played the part of a private detective, questioning servants, tradesmen, &c.; for three weeks I enjoyed a growing friend- ship with my poor charge—without, in the slightest degree, piercing the mystery which surrounded her. " It cut me to the heart to watch this beauti- ful young creature fading away, alone and friendless—to realise that she was unhappy, that some crushing sorrow was fighting against the young life, side by side with the fell disease —and yet to have no clue to lighten the dark- ness about her. Who can minister to a mind diseased ? I had a thousand suspicions, but never once made a guess within leagues of the truth, until one day chance lifted the veil. " I was sitting by her bedside, willingly wasting an hour in the endeavour to brighten the sombre monotony of her long days by a little gossip of the outside world, when—as she moved restlessly—there fell from beneath her pillow a heavy trinket. I stooped to pick it up, and involuntarily examined it. " It was an exquisite gold-framed miniature set with precious stones, and surmounted by the Imperial crown of Russia in brilliants. But it was the fare—the man's face in the miniature —that startled me so violently I murmured the man's name as I handed the trinket back to her troubling hands. " ' Yes. It is the Grand Duke Gregory Gregorevich of Russia, and—my husband,' she said slowly, and then burst into a torrent of tears. The companion hastened to her side, begging and praying her to compose herself and to say no more. " But I said, ' My poor child, tell me every- thing. Look at my grey hairs ; I am old enough to be your father. And are not doctors the priests of modern life ? Confess yourself to me, and let me help you if I can.' " Well, then, sir, little by little her story came out—a story so common that you, as a man of the world, will probably have heard many similar. I will give you the briefest out- line, though, to me, the unhappy girl poured out her whole heart, and filled in every little detail of her romance with the marvellous power which come only from deep feeling. " 'This Russian was a scoundrel—a cowardly, cold-planning villain. I can't help being warm, sir. He came to Algiers on a Russian man-of- war, at the time when the girl's father, a great French contractor, was engaged on the harbour works, and the family were living in a big villa above sea. The sailor-prince deliberately set himself to win the girl's heart. The weeks rolled by. The ship should long ago have sailed, but the Royal commander lingered. One night they were married—solemnly, formally married —in their own names, before the French consul at Algiers. The girl had no shade of doubt as to the validity of the contract ; the man knew that it was absolutely worthless. That, sir, is Russia's Imperial method of seduction. Then followed desertion, excuses, lies, and finally, the intimation that the Czar had refused his ratification of the union. Disgraced and dishonoured, her father and mother dying of the bitter shame, the poor creature found her way to St. Petersburg, to plead her cause with the great tyrant, and arrived only to find the man who had ruined her on the eve of solemnising his marriage with another woman. " She was standing in the snow, outside the church, and the bridegroom saw her, and his face, turned pale as he passed in towards the high altar. She was standing in the snow, out- side the palace, while the marriage feast pro- ceeded. Someone saw the desolate black figure from the palace windows. An order was given, and she was driven away by the Imperial Guards at the point of the bayonet. " ' I shall see him once again, Doctor,' she said. ' Look you, the newspapers say he will be here before the first Battle of Flowers. He wanted to bring her to this house. He does not guess who is his tenant.' " I soothed her as well as I could. I knew now why she clung to the idea of being out for the Battle of Flowers, and I let her think she would be well enough to be present, though I knew there would be no chance of it. " Now see how strangely Providence, Fate, blind chance—call it what you will — orders things to pass. I shall never forget that 14th of March. The mistral was blowing, and the white dust was whirling along the Croisette— one of those horrible March days which we sometimes have here. I was taking my little niece to see the flower battle, and she was de- lighted with the music of the band, the beauti- fully decorated carriages, the rain of blossoms when parties of friends passed each other ; while I was shivering, and wondering at the folly and extravagance of the whole business. " My little niece and I passed this very seat, sir, and had reached that further palm, when shouts and cheering further down attracted my attention to an approaching vehicle. In a moment I recognised the splendid black horses —Romanoffs—and the gaudy liveries of the servants. The wheels and body of the barouche, the harness of the horses and box-seat were hidden by a thick covering of white flowers— lilies-of-the-valley, white lilac, tuberoses—the most expensive flowers, costing thousands and thousands of francs. The carriage was the succcss of the afternoon. It had won the first prize— a gorgeous silk banner—and the Grand Duke Gregory and his fair young bride were in the most affable humour, bowing and laughing and flower-throwing with the greatest energy. " Precisely where I was standing a block occurred. The white carriage came to a stand- still. Instinctively I looked across the road to the Villa St. Marguerite. To my horror and amazement my patient was standing in the gar- den, with her hands on the low wall, staring with fixed eyes into the Royal carriage. Sud- denly he saw her, started to his feet amid the mass of blossom, and stood staring back at the woman he had wronged with a look of deadly terror in his heavy face. Then I saw her lift a bouquet in her hand ; but at the same moment a convulsive fit of coughing seized her. She staggered and reeled, held the white flowers to her mouth, and in an instant they were red, then hurled them in the man's face, and fell back into the companion's arms, while the car- riage rolled on, and the bride and bridegroom the lilies and the lilac, were spattered and stained by her life's blood. Yes, sir, it was fine, was it not ? I shall never forget it. She was dead before I had crossed the road and en- tered the garden. Sudden haemorrhage, &c.; " She was buried in the cemetery over yonder —a huge while sarcophagus, dominating the hill and the harbour— we ought to be able to see it from where we sit—and deeply cut on one I facc of it (the face which points to Russia) were the plain words, ' Here lies '—I won't tell you J the name—' lawful and only wife of Greg- ory Gregorovitch, Grand Duke and Arch-Traitor of Russia. That was all. But the Czar heard of that inscription, made strenuous representa- tions, and the French Government offered syco- phantic apologies, and chiselled it out—cut it clean away ; so that if you go to the cemetery and look at the great white tomb, you will see no word or syllable to tell you it marks the resting- place of a deeply-wronged woman. " But I have wearied you with this narrative. Sir, I have the honour to wish you good morn- ing."—" The World." 