ME. BAETON AND THE DEAFT BILL. To the Editor of the ' Evening News.' Sir, ? Mr. Barton's speech at the Prctestant Hall on Friday nigki laet must hare been a great disappointment to the general public, who ex pected that he would reply to his opponents, and at least attempt to prove the justice or even the neoesEity of- constituting the senate on an equal rights basis, and that he would generally defend the Draft Bill against its critics. If we take from Mr. Barton's speech the truisms and the personal insinuatians which, are unworthy of a man in bis position, ire shall, beyond unsupported assertions and assumptions, find Tery little left in reply to his critics except some incon sistent statements, to 15111011 I shall refer. Mr. Barton's assumption that those criticising the Draft Bill are disappointed candidates is hardly good enough when the public are anxiously looking forward for a reply to the arguments of men who, like himself, were elected to the con vention. It is safe to assert that Mr. Barton will have to reply to naen like Sir G-eorge Dibbe, Mr. Piddington, and at least a hundred of the hun dred and twenty-five N.S.W. members «f Parlia ment, and also many influential men, whoaonestly believe that to federate under the Draft Bill would be to substitute in pjaca of our present method of government by the majority, a system under which it would (to put it in the mildest form) be possifeie f«r a minority to control the destinies of the commonwealth. Not one word was said by Mr. Barton in reply to those who allege that the Americans, at a time of critical internal dissension and danger, reluc tantly, and as a necessary compromise, and not as a just principle, embodied the idea of equal representation in the senate in their constitu tion, and that they paid for their huge mistake a price involving rivers of blocd and the expendi ture of fourteen hundred millions of money. Until Mr. Barton can show that- this version of American federal history so ably put by Mr. Piddington is incorrect — until he can show . us that provision has been made in the bill sooner or later to settle the possible clashing of national interests with state interests by other methods than the American referred to— we shall consider it eur duty to refuse to band down to our chil dren a constitution which may possibly, on an alien labor, or on any other question, reproduce for them, if not even in our own time, a repetition of all the horrors of a fratricidal warfare. One of the questions yre want Mr. Barton to answer is, whether under this bill it would not be possible for comparatively and nnmerically unimportant sections' of the commonwealth per petually to band themselves tdgether to resist the' will of say three or four times the number so banded ? The writer contends that there is no method provided of ending such a state of affairs as even the control of the purse — admitting, for argument's sake, that the House of Representa tives really would have the power ot the purse, which is doubttul — would prove an inefficient lever to raise the deadlock in such a case. Will those who advocate the equal rights principle recall the absolutely humiliating position in which the twenty representatives of the two and a half millions of Victorians and N. S. Welshmen were placed in when, to ? secure what has been described by Mr. M'Millan as the difference between Tweedle-dee and Tweedje- dum, the twenty had to threaten to stonewall the convention until the ten West Australians should go home ? What has happened may happen, and we can only expect ttuffc a senate elected on the same basis as the convention would reproduce the same state of affairs with this difference, that the six West Australians would not be wanting, to go home, consequently the representatives of two and a half million of people would be in the same position as they were m the convention minus the efficacy of the threat. As a sample ef Mr. Barton's logic it is only necessary to point out that. while he contends that under this bill the senate would not bs master of the situation ; he has spent years and flooded us with oceans of oratory to prove that only by making the senate master of the situation would it be possible to federate and prevent the smaller states being swallowed by the larger. Bight here I would ask Mr. Barton, have the larger states in the existing federation, where the proportional principle of State representa tion has been adopted, swallowed up the smaller? Has Ontario, with its twenty-four senators, swallowed up Manitoba with its six ? Has Prussia, with its seventeenth senators, be come gorged by swallowing any of the four kingdoms, or any of the seventeen small states having each . only .one representative in the Bundesrath ? it may go down with the crowd to say we are not prepared for amalgamation, you have givdh us no mandate to draft a constitu tion involving unification. It is not good enough, for thinking men whose reading of modern federal history teaches them that the true federal idea has been just as surely attained in Canada and Germany under proportional representa tion as in the United States under the equal rights system, with this important dis tinction in favor of the proportional that it is easier to prevent a conflict between national and state interests because it is easier for the national voice effectually to assert itself. One has only to note in the fear of Mr. Wise which prompted his resolution in favor of dissolving the senate after punishing the people's representatives possibly tor. the sins ot the senate to realise that he had assisted in his own words ' without any theoretic justification to make the House of the States too strong for the House* er the People, that he had raised the ghost it would be necessary to lay. Both Mr. Turner and Mr.- Eeid declared that they would not dare, to go bacfc to the people with a bill -which made it possible for a senate representing an insignificant minority to control finance bills and the expenditure of monies raised by the commonwealth. Surely this was an admission that unless the wings of the senate were clipped a minority senate would decide andtsontrol the finances of the eomnionwealtJb.and can any one reason be adduced why we should concede to a senate, admittedly clothed with power to mis represent the people, a controlling power over important social or other tills, which to the people may be even -of more importance than money' bills. Mr. Barton claims that he, and not his critics, more truly represents the public view of the debatable points under review. Mr. Barton most be surrounded by a body guard of federationists ; at any price to keep him from the public, or he must be too intoxicated fey the unique position in ?which the people have placed him to gauge the strength of public opinion. That the elections proved the existence of a ' strong desire on the part of the people for federation is undeniable. That they gave a mandate in favor of equal rights representation is, however, not correct, nor can Messrs. Barton, Wise, and Company claim that they, and not Messrs. Lyne, Carruthera, and Company, represent the true feeling of the electors of N.S. W. on this question. Mr. Barton accuses his opponents of suppressing the demo cratic points of the bill. To clear myself of such a charge, allow me to state that the bill provides for election by the people; that there is no property qualification, no monetary deposit, nomination is to be as free as the air, all men are to be equally eligible as can didates, there is to be one man one vote, but it ii specially provided both in constituting the House of Eepre8entatives and the senate that each vote shall not be of equal value, and that a Tasmanian vote for the senate small count one, while a New South Wales vote shall be one-tenth of that value. Having thus fully advertised the_ democratic points of the measure will you permit me to sug gest that the electors shall ponder well over the advice given by the old Greek when he warned them to distinguish between that which is demo cratic in semblance and that which, really works out democratically in effect. — Yours, &c;, C. VON HAGEN. 