RAPPINGS ON A FEN FARM. In Tick Fen-so we read in fl1i "Peter borough Advertiser"-- a laimsey inagis trate has a farm, at the extremity of which, f:r away from any other build lugs, live a horsekeeper iannied lhow than, his wife, nand a bed-ridden daugh ter. The cottage is at typical fen shanty of wood aid thlatich, and adJoiintg it is a similar tenement, occupied by the farm foreman, Levitt and his wife. Miss Iowithan. who is cightlteen years of age, and has been Conuinal It her bied for nearly twelve months, slept In a room near the thatch. her beldwenad rest llg against the gabhle-id of the roof. On Monday week, at miduilghr. gentle rappiugs against her tied were heard, and as the walls are wooden the noise was more apparent. At first the sounds amine ill sequences of three and four, increasing to six and seven at a time, and growing louder as they proceeded. Thell they ceased for a s51ace, and recomlnmenced more vigorous ly, until they were Ieard by the next door neig'hbors-acesordilg to one re port, at a ltirlnhouse 0t0 yards off. The another and father, at rest in the same room, were also alarmled, butt for a time did nothing, thinking tile manifesta tions would cease. Tiltse insteald in creased until the "ghosts," as if angered at being pool-pooh-poohed, becaime so noisy as almost to ihreaten a terrific crash. Nothing was to be .el, thllough it was clear and starlight, and the disturb ances continued to ring out across the fenll. The irappings recurred at intervals until the advent of dawn seemed to drive the mnalicious "lspirits" before it, On the following ntight, though at a dif ferent time, a relpetitio of the pheno. mena occnlred. Meanwhile the inmates. who had suf fered the mysterious affair in silence, had determined upon decisive ,action. On the third night tile father,taklng a loaded gun, went outsidd the building, but the tapplngs against the gable were renewed more vigorously tltaL ever. Search parties were ogantlS'e it every .one remained baffled.- The countryside began to talk of the tinys tery, and watch parties assembled In the cottages until morning. No timid ghost was tills, for the pulsations eon timuled whilst eyes were fixed on the very spot upon whiclh the invisible blows were given. The landlord's esitte bailiff, together with a companion, took pains to keep vigil in the "hannnted house" from midnight till three. The noises were repeated with the greatest freedom. IIe drove back to Ramsey at three in tile morning, admitting that he was battled even In the cleverest of the theories he had in his own mind con. jured up to account for the mystery. Hundreds of people have visltte the plcce, and solicitors, merchants, farmers andtl others from the surroundlng dis trict have made critical examination of the house. ' The girl has been removed into the adjoiuning house, where the rap pings are not so audible nor so frequent. 