!L COMPLETE STORY. \ ' f00 LATE «x A. BRASIEIt. ICOFTOQKT. CHAPTER I. / lino o? her thin, .sensitive face, asks tho question passionately to herself. Sho looks round with tho hopeless, hunted look of u creature drivon to tho lust extremity. Oil hor lap lies a oliild of about two years old,- a misorablo spooimou of humanity, with long, wasted limbs and an elfin faco. Not an interesting child ; ho has none of tho dimplad loveliness of ideal babyhood, his sunkon, dark oyes uro fretful, and his hands are claw-likc. Ho is not pretty, yot there is ndorotiou in tho cyos that look down so pitifully at tho littlo form. "My child, my- poor littlo child," sho whispers, with a fearful foreboding at her heart. Ho is lior treasure, hor life, her all I and sho olings to this frail littlo lifo with a hungry, aching heart. Down tho street the wind rushes, and tho November rain scathes and hisses an tho pavomcnta nnd dashes ugainst tho windows in blinding sliaeta. Everything is unutterably dreary, nnd tlio faco of tbc mother gazing at lior oliild is tlio dreariest of all. Her dress is shabby, 'her surroundings bear tlio mark of a tliird-ruto lodging-houso, but tho high-bred foutures show tlio stamp of birtii and breed ing, tlio linU-murk of aristooraoy ; nnd yot fow would recognise this despornto-eyed woman us tbo onco beautiful Sybil Dene. Hor thoughts aro sad as sho sits musing boforo tho apology of a fire, crooning lnllahys to tho frettul baby, with a pathetic ring in hor low voice. By-and-by, as the darkness deepens, sho lays tlio child gently down and trims tho fire and lights tho temp, und then stands looking hopelessly round. Hor husband will soon bo homo, and poverty cannot surely sink to a lowor ebb than this. Thoro is nothing, absolutely, to cat in tho house. Yos, things enn he a stago worso; thoy havo still a roof to cover thorn — the next stop will ho tho workhauso. Mrs. Bellow draws her breath in a long, shivering sigh as she looks round tho dingy, comfortless room. Tho tablo is covered with miinusoript, and sheets of foolscap liu littered nbout. Her eombro, dark oyes brighten a little. Yos, between hor nnd destitution lies hor work — hor novel-writing. There is hope still, if only thoy can hold on until sho hears if her lost book hits been accepted by the publishers; until shoputihes herself a littlo to the front in that great, mysterious literary world, that scorns to open its portals so wido, and so willingly and easily to some, and to remain locked and barred to so many othors. Tlio poor, whining baby is a torriblo stumbling-block to hor work. Sho has no nurso for him, and porforco must mind him herself, and carry him out for his airing, and play with him when be is in tho humour, nnd put up with him always. And it is only whilo the child sleeps that sho can write, and, latterly, with caro for ovor knocking at hor lioart, it is hard to give hor mind to her Btorios, hard to plot imaginary joys nnd sorrows, with lior own terrible realities boforo lior mind night and dny. "Stophen must linvo somothing to ent," sho lmivmiira half aloud, and looks down ut tho hoy who hus fallen usloop on tho ragged hearthrug, tho sullen fire barely shining on liis waxen tittle face. Softly his mothor covers him with n shawl, and going from tho room, mounts tlio stairs to hor bedroom, tights a candle, and with a face of sot pur pose, unlocks hor trinket box. It is nenrly empty, only u fow worthless articles of jowollery, littlo trifles belonging to hor girlhood. But sho takes up a gold locket, and with a stifled sob opens it to diseloso two looks of children's huir. These sho takes out nnd lays on lior huud ; kisses thorn with lingering tenderness, thinking of tlio two littlo fnoos that had drooped and faded — two littlo faces sho had test scon just before tho coffin lid wns closed. Hor moutli works, but hor eyes are tear less, as, tho lookot in licr hand, sho goes swiftly down tho stairs again, takes ono more poop lit tho baby slumbering in tho dim light, and passes down to tho hall, where in a timid manner alio asks tho landlady if Sarah might peop in on baby now und thon. "Just wliilo I post a letter," sho adds, turning tho wan beauty of her fuco on tho hard-featured woman who lias givon lier lodgors notico to quit, "Yes, Sarah may look in on tho child; but, indoed sho lias plenty to do. besides minding otlior people's children," nnd with many thanks for tho ungracious permission Mrs. Bollow hurries out into tho cold nnd rain outside. Sho has made too many visits to tho pawn-office to shrink as sho used to do nt first. Sovon shillings is nil sho oan obtain upon tho lookot, but it will provido food for to night und to-morrow at least, just ouough to kcop body and soul togotbor. ' Tea and bread and buttor, two small niutton-cliops, and a fow Naples bisouits for tho child, who, alas, tokos littlo of anything. I' Is buby asleep? Was lio good?" she asks eagerly, as Sarah answors tho door in rosponso to her ring, and sho hands out her parools to tlio dirty but good-humoured mnid- of-ail-work. "Here, Sarah, hero aro yourohops, und tea and things. Plonso fry tho chops .vory nicoly, and lot us linvo tea when Captain Bollow coincs in. I will mako baby's suppor myanlf, if I mny havo tho littlo sauoopnn." How tliiu and cugor sho looks, with tlio ruin on lior chocks and lmir. Sarah's heart swolls with love nnd sorrow for this gontlo und pitiful tady. "Tho captain is .above, ma'am, and I'll got tho ton in a minuto." Swiftly Mrs.'Bollow flics upstairs. Baby is uwuko, and his familiar, woary, wail can ho hoard. " Ho is orylng, and Stephen will ho angry. Mon nover do understand oliildron." " Whore on oarth liavo you boon P" is tho salutation thatgroots lier on her ontrauco. " This oliild hus boon howling for tho last ten miiiutos. " Oh, hush, baby, don't ory. Soomuminio has bikkio," forcing ono of tho Nnplos bisouits into tho wasted hand. "Now, stay witli dnd for u minute, and I will toko off my wot things," with a lialf-friglitonqd glanoo ut tho sullen faco of hor husbaud, as ho stands on tho rag with his baak to tho misorablo fire. Tho fuuos of husband and wlfo are both nliko, in thnt thqv bear tho stamp of anxioty and despair. But whilo suffering has bouutlfied lior features, liis appear to havo ohanged to a ohronio expression of linger and liopolessnoss. His bond is droopod; dis appointment shows in ovory lino of Iub iuuid- soino haggard fuco— disappointment, regret, and slmmo. Four yoars ago ho loft tho servico with a oloud on liis nnmo. There was something about clioatiiigat cards, hut no ono know tho triio story. Only Stoplion Bollow dropped out of liis old sot, and has boon going steadily down-hill over since. His wife's talent for story -writing stands botween liiraund starva tion. . A soured, disappointed man. And to drown his troubles ho drinks, wkon lio can got it. And his wifo's lifo is misorablo. Since that torriblo tlma whan she uwoko to the fact that hor husband was a gamblor nnd a cheat, that lionobforth no houost mun would grasp his hand In friendship, somothing seemed to havo broken in her heart. Life was out of tnuo somehow. Prido soalod lior lips. Sho bid adiou to her old lifo, hor old friends, and went out into tho world with tho man sho hud narriod ; tho hundsomo Stophon Bollow, who hud won her lovo and run away with hor from school. Thoy had boon forgiven and brought into favour again, only to bo cast into outor darknosB when tlio oord story got whisporod about from tho olub to tho drawing- rooms, nnd Captain Bollow sent in liis papers and disappeared from society for ever. CHAPTER II. ' "Have you heard anything, Stephon ?" Sybil asks, anxiously. Tho ton is ovor. The grensy chops havo boon oaton, and tho hud ten drunk, and Sarah, with many compnssionato glances at the unxious husband nnd wife, hns olcnred away. "Hoard of anything!" oolioos Captain Bellow, in a tone of smothered rage, " how am I to hoar of anything !" "I thought you wore goiug to ask yonr ancle Richard." "Yos, nnd was shown tho door," ho returns, while a- purplo flush rises to his forehead. Sho doos not lovo him, but sho is sorry and grioved for his sake. And somohow, liko a flash, sho remembers him as tho lover and husband of lier youth. How hnndsomo lio had been, how tender and loving ! Alas, in tho lined nnd dissipated faco scowling nt hor, thoro is littlo that is cither liandsomo or tendor now. "Stophon," sho says, with a sort of pload- ing in lior voice, "wo are sunk so low wo cannot bo much worse : and yot wo must live, if it is only for tho boy's snko," with a piteous look at tlio child on lior hip, whoso unearthly eyes nro staring at tho fire. "Wolf, what aro you driving at?" Captain Bellow asks sulkily. Slio lifts her dark head with a prido and grneo natural to lier. " I moan tlmt why should wo not sink our individuality altogothor, forgot that by birth wo are gentle, and just livo in a cottage liko quitepoor people? Stephon, wo would bo happier, wouldn't anything bo better than this sort of life, trying to livo and not ablo to pny our way? Now do listen to my plan." Her cheek crimsoned in lier eagerness. "Why should you not tako a situation as ooaolmian in tlio country ? You know you can drive, Stephon, nnd I huvohcnrd that hero in London numbers of gentlemen drivo cabs and hiuisnms. Do not sncor, Stophon, I moan it ; and then after a couplo of yours, wben I had made somo monoy by my writing, wo could go to Australia and begin a now life. Look, dear, I saw this to-day, and I am sure Sir Ralph would give you tlio post it I nsked him," taking out of lier empty purso an advertisement. " I could koop tho gate lodge," sho says, with a smite. "Fanuy a dear littlo lodge with flowers ovor it, and in tho real country," laughing hysterically. "Don't ho a fool," lio returns, taking a sorap of paper and glancing at it. " ' Good driver in doitblo and single harnoas, steady and respectable,' (hum, I hardly answer that description), 'wife to koep gate lodge, 110 encumbrance.' " Ho luys dnwn the paper cutting with an unpleiisuut laugh. " No enoumbrunoe. What do you propose to do with tho child, oh ? " Her thin faco flushes and quivers. "I did not -notico .that," she says, sadly. " I only saw Sir Ralph's name, and " lier clasp tightening round tho slender littlo form, and lior oyes filling thickly with tears. " I soinotiines think ho won't ho un 011- oumbranco long," looking down mournfully nt tho child's sharpened features. " Oh, Stephon, lie looks so terribly liko the othors." "Nonsense, he's only cutting his tooth, or something," carelessly. "Wretched little beggar, lio is always whining," standing up and looking down at his puny son. " If it wasn't for him, you and I might got out to Australia," ho mutters, half to hirosolf. His wife's startled, horrified guzo is up lifted to liis face. " What do you mean, Stoplion ?" sho asks, with sliuking voice and wild wot oyes. "I mean what I say," ho returns, doggodly. "Tho child is a burden to us both — a sickly creature ; in all human pro bability lio will never . grow up— and you needn't stare in that tragio manner, Sybil, I am only tulking common sonso." "You wish him dead, yonr own son !" slio breathes, passionately, "nnd I would give my life to savo him from 0110 moment's suffer ing, my ohild, my baby," rooking him to and fro as if shoer motlior-lovo could Ttcop the lifo in that frail littlo form. " Oh, I daresay," roturnB Captain Bellow, onrolossiy. "You would solfislily wish to koop him in a world of. .suffering and misery, to drag out a fow wretched years, just be cause ho is your own child, whilo in reality if you boliovcd in tho honven you talk about, you would wish him to ho moved there with out any delay." "Ho will got strong," Sybil says, earnestly. "I nm sura lio is lionvior tlmn lio was a month, ago ; his litalo checks look quito round!" Poor soul ! Sho does not know thut tho inorcuscd weight of the oliild is only duo to tho inorcusing weakness of lior own arms. She, who could toss him up to tho coiling u fow months ago, can scarcely oarry his littlo form upstairs now. Evon now, tho oxoito- ment makes lier heart beat, and licr hreatli como in gasps, "You tako everything so soriously," growls lior husband. "Tlio poor littlo chap is wolcomo to tivo to tho ago of Mothusoteli as far as I am concerned, only anyone onn see thut you cannot write when tho child is in your urms morning, 110011, and night." Slio does not answer, as with truth sho might, that the father's arms might some times reliovo licrs of tho hurdon. , " I will toko liiui to hod now," sho sayB, quiotly. "Poor lmby, mothor will write for you all night." Down tho streot through tho rain, comos tho postman. Rut-tut ! Rat-tat ! Thoro aro no passougors about, and his footBtops ring out olear and distinct on tho puvemont. "Perhaps I shall get a lottor to-night about my book," Sybil says, with tho eror- roourring hopo_ springing up. Tlio ohild is 111 tied, usloop, and sho is busy at hor writing. Now, slio lays down hor pen, und listens. Tho publisher's letter may moan oompurntivo wealth — or the reverse. ' Rut- tilt ! Ho is only two doors off now. Captain Bollow is listening too, with a wolfish expres sion on his woury und faded faco, " Ho is coming— yes," cries Mrs. Bellow, as tho woll known knock echoes through the house. " Do go, Stophon, and sco if there is a letter for me." Alas, no. Tho letter is for tho landlady, and despair fulls on tho inhabitants of tho second floor. " If I don't hear by Saturday, wo shall have to go," Sybil says, with tips thut tremble, and wistful eyes lifted to hor hus band. " Stophon, what aro wo to do ?" "How tho dovil am I,to know?" is tlio angry roply " You told mo your boggurly writing would support us." " If only I had n littlo timo," sho sighs wourily, "Don't bo cross, Stophon; lam so tired — so very tired." , Tired indeed ! Great black olroles of over work nnd ovor anxioty aro round hor oyes, lior oliooks uro no longor round, but thin und hollow. Afterwards, hor relations said thoy lind no ideu tho Bollows woro ju suoli poor oirouiu- stanocs, and that poor Sybil liud not soino- timos liud enough to out. Oil, yos, pcoplo would havo holped thorn, if thoy hud only known. But thoy did not, und that was tlio pity of it. TI10 holp emuo too Into, liko covoving a coffin with floivors, tokens of friendship to tho dead, who whon they lived woro novor sont a flowor of any kind. "I am sure to got 11 lottor to-inorrow," Mrs. Bollow says, toying to got over lior disappointment. " And if baby is good and does not call mo, I shall finish this other story to-night. I must, you know, Stophen, for I must lmve it ready ovory week. Ob, doav, it is torriblo writing ngainBt tinio, but, thank goodness, this is tlio lust chapter, and tliog I shall he paid." "But tho book," grumbles Captain Bollow. " I thought that wus to mako our fortunes." Sho smilod sadly. 1 ' It ought to suooced. It is really tho kind of book thut takes, only of courso I am 11 beginner. And now I muet go to work, but I think I will ran down and ask Surah to make mo a oup of strong tea to koep mo awako, Inm so tired." Sho tokos far too muoh tea, and too littlo food. But slio has four hours' hard work boforo hor, and tho tea will koop her up. For an hour, porhaps, no sound is heard but tho sorataliing of lier pou over tho paper. Captain Bollow dozes in his clinir und forgots his oares for 'a optica. Then tiio silom.0 is broken by. a wail from upstairs. Baby is uwuko. So tho pon is laid down and Sybil goes upstairs and soothes him to rest again, and then go.es back to her work. "How oan you write, with that child howling?" her husband says orossly, as onco more tho cOmpluining cry is heard. "Poor littlo mun, ho doesn't liko boing alono. Stephon, will you sit with him for a littlo and .sing to him; ho loves your sing ing," ploadingly. "I do so want to finish this story to-night, and then I can take it to tho offico to-morrow and thoy are sure to pay mo." " Vory woll, I'll go to bed, and I suppose that will do." "Yos, and if ho coughs, his mixture is on tho chimtioy-picca— ho tnkos it so nicely, poor littlo lad." "All right, don't you bother about him." So he goes, und doos sing to the child. Sho can hear his lovely tenor voico, softly singing dreamy airs. _ Tho child orios a little, thon there is silence ; and sho steadily pnta ovory thought ont of hor inind hut her work, nnd writeB away hour after hour without pause, tossing tlio wot pages aside, fooling no fatigue only cugornoss to writo on and on till tho test chapter and last lino aro complotcd. CHAPTER III. Soothed by his father's singing, the ohild dozes, but his cougli disturbs liitn, Und onco more lie orios fretfully. "Sybil will como tearing up directly," thinks Captain Bellew ; " I had better give him his mixture," hastily crossing tho room. Thoro aro two bottles on tho oliimnoy- pioco. "Mammio, mammie," whines tlio littlo child. Quickly filling a spoonful Captain' Bellow not ungoutly raises tlio child, who obediontly opens his mouth und swallows tho doso. His father lays him down, covers him up carefully, and almost immediately it sooms tho ohild falls nsloep, and Captain Bellow proceeds to retire to hod himsolf. Is it' toll minutes after, or an hour, thnt, with livid fuco und great drops of sweut upon his forehead, ho is standing again before tho oliimnoy-piocc, tho medicine bottlo and spoon in his hand ! "My God, I havo poisoned him!" he whispers hoarsely. For "Laudanum" is written 011 tho label, and distinctly now lie romumboi'H having left that bottle there him self. Tho laudanum ho had used for neuralgia. Shaking with excitement, ho crosses swiftly to tllb cot and turns down tho covcrlot. Tho boy is asleep— a liouvy, deep sloop. But his fnce is tike wax, and a bluo shado soems to lio about his mouth. Ho lifts tho eyelid and looks nt tho glazed eye, raises tho child, shakes him a little, but tho heavy hend fulls buck. _ " Poor littlo chap, I would liavo ont my right liund off first," ho mutters, looking at tho child, liis faco working. His first impulse is to run for a dootor and call up his wife. Ho has hurriedly put 011 his olothos, und got us far us tho door, when he pauses und stands irresoluto. All tho dootors in London could not savo liim now, I10 thinks. "It wus nn accident; I nevor mount it, so help mo God," staring with tearful bloodshot eyes ut the littlo cot und dying child. Downstairs tho mother's pen' flics faster and faster. Tlio fire burns out, and the ruin still dashes on tho window and tho wind moans down tho empty streets. Sho is very whito and weary, but hor work is very nearly over now. And in tho room above stands hor husband, with ashon fucu and trembling hands washing tho spoon und putting away tlio laudanum, while tho child in tho cot tics vory, very still. Tlio man's faco is the colour of ashes, his kneos tremble, and ho casts fearful glances towards tlmt tiny Bilont form. A great horror seizes him, and yot ho bonds low and looks at tho ohild, so wiixon, so pitiful in his last sloop; his oyes glimmor between his drooping lashes ; liis hair lios in damp looks on his forehead. Ho is wurm still, mid his tiny hands uro limp and norvoless. I-Iis father looks nt him with heaving breast and staring oyes. His work— his own handi work ; ho had not moved hand or foot to suvo his son's lifo. He is as muoh a murderer us if ho had slain tho ohild with his own hand, nnd yot — "I never meant it," tho unhappy man whispers ovor and ovor, with tho tears of agony in his oyes. And all tlio timo the wifo's pon ftios over the paper faster and faster till tho test lino is coinplotod, and thon tho pen is laid down und slio sits looking at lier work witli a smilo on bor weary tips just as the clock somowhoro strikes tho hour of 3, Finished nt lust, and to-morrow slio will tako hor story to tlio offico, and thon whon she is puld, oil, what u holp it will bo. And for a Bpncu sho sits musing, planning fond, happy plans. " I will tulco baby to u really good doctor," slio thinks, witli 11 littlo tremulous sigli, for whut would sucuoss bo if lio was not thoro to share it ? " And thou ho will get quito strong, tho darling. Ho only wants a littlo euro und cod -livor oil and a trip to the seaside whon summer comes." And, poor soul, sho falls to dreaming of hor boy lusty uud strong, witli spado nndbuokot, and tho soa broezcB blowing on his oheoks and tho sun laughing in his oyes, digging oastlcs with tho othor children. Poor littlo baby boy 1 who is oven now lying with stiffening features and lmlf-opon oyes. "Yes, I will first tako him to tho host children's dootor," sho decides, all unwitting that hor ohild hus already gono to tho Great Physician Himsolf, tlio Heiilor of nil, that ovon now his dazzled oyes aro opened in Paradise. Slio is so tired, so vory tired, that presontly her durk ores grow dreamy ; sho forgets cold and troublo, even tlio boy usloop upstairs, and laying lior tired lioud 011 tho tablo fulls usloop, weary und worn out, brain uud body uliko. Tlio oold, murky dawn is stealing ovor tho housetops, uud glimmering ghost-liko on thu pront, woury oity, whoso pulses uro throbbing into lifo again) and tho tolling millions uro just lioginning another duy. Stoplion Bellow wakes suddenly with a start from a slcop that hud boon haunted by dreams of terror and remorso ; wukes to see his wifo standing besido him, a oandlo in hor hand, tho siokly tight struggling with tho still sicklier dawn. All bis lifo long will be romomlier hor fuco, pinched und drawn witii griof and horror. "Baby!" sho gasps; "my baby is dond 1 " Oh, heavens ! lio remembers it all, and turns his faoo from hor unguished eyos. He can hour hor mouns as sho bonds over tho littld icy form und guthors it to lior bosom, con vulsively. " My darling, my ohild, my own." ' And ho says 110 word, only .olenohos his hands, and sobs tearless sobs, and wishes lie was dead too. " Stephon," sho cries passionately, " was ho ill in tho night ? IVhy did you not oall mo?" "I thought ho' was usloop," he groans. " Sybil, my wifo, try to think it is for the best. Ho— lio could novor linvo lived." " Go— go for tbo dootor — quick, why do you lio thoro? Wlio eaid ho was dond? Hurry, qulok, Stoplion," hor voloo rising nearly to a shriok. "Ho oan't ho dood, it is only a faint." A dootor I A dootor will toll tho oauso of death. Tho man turaB livid, and stares ut the mothor ns eho stands with tho lifeless body of hor child in hor arms. - Thon ho is at her foot, and his arms are round hor. . , . .1 . Sybil, you loved me onoo ; save me now." His haggard face is uplifted. " Do not get any doctor, let thom think tho ohild died in. his sleep." : . . ' : "Why? Why?" she whispers, with stiff lips and dry oyes, that ever look upon tho olay-oold fneo upon her bosom. "It wub an accident," bo answers, very low. " I — I gavo him tlio wrong medicine. The child has boon dead for hours. I gavo him laudanum. Oil, wifo, do not look liko that." For her oyes nro turned on him now with a strange, awful expression most terrible to see. " You, liis fnther," fulls mechanically from hor tips. He bows his head and hidos his face. " 1 nevor meant it," he ropeate, " ho was dying when I found it ont." "And you nover called mo," breaks from lior breaking heart. " Stephen, Stophon, test night you wished him dead, and you have yonr wish now," turning away, and laying tlio dead ohild on. hor own bed. "Dress yourself and go for n dootor," she says, in a hard voico, and mechanically .ho oboys, and wutohes hor mennwliilc, ns apparently with out feeling, and no tears, sho spreads clean sheets on tho littlo cot, and then herself washes tlio cold, waxen, tittle body, dresses it in u clean nightdress, brushes the damp, clinging hair, and luys him down, ob, so tcnaaiiy, and covers liiui up, und stands gazing down with the same awful frozen look upon hor faco. If sho would only speak, or ory, or upbraid him ! Captain Bcllcw's tears fall like rain. " Oh, forgivo me, forgive mo ; my only Bin was not calling you ; but you conld havo dono no good, Sybil; all the doctora in London couldn't have saved him, poor littlo lad.' ' No answer, only hor deop oyes look back at him, witli a hopeless roproaoh in thoir depths, thon thoy turned slowly buck to tho contem plation of that littlo marblo face, with tho sweet inoifablo smilo 011 tho tips — tho Bmilo that only comes once, as if the spirit' loft a test kiss boforo taking flight. Together husband and wifo stand, and then mayliup somo touch of pity touches tho wife's heart. " Do not got tho dootor ; it docs not mattcr now," sho says, 111 a low, smotliored voice, and then with 11 wail from tho vory depths of licr dcBoluto heart, "Oh, if I had boon with him when ho died, my buby, my littlo ohild." Tho world is awake ugnin ; tho wintor sun struggles through tho fog. To tlio uneducated mind of Sarnli, tho suddon death of Mrs. Bellow's baby is 11 kind of pleasurable exoitemont. Sho hud sobbed loudly ovor tho littlo dead body, uud wotidored at tho tearless grief of tho mother, and told tho milkmun of tho tragic ocourronco, and the othor lodgers, und the sorvunt next door ; und had, of hor own accord, run to a florist's near and bought a hunch of violets, and weeping violently, placed them on the cold hroust of tlio littlo slcopor. Mrs. Bollow had thanked her, and the sw'eot fragrancoof tho violets filled the room and -breathed of spring and hopo and the resurrection ; but no tears havo come to soften tho agony of hor heart, tho numbing, torriblo Borrow that has fallen. Sarah brings hor tea, whioh remains un tested, and talks botween her sobs of tho lamb tlmt is gono, nnd fools' 11 delightful exoitoment at the prospect of tho funeral, and tlio inquest, and is very- sorry for poor Cuptain Bellow, ' who is crying downstairs fit . to bleak liis- heart. u But tho mother doos not ory, only sits ' motionless; midheroyos uro jiover off that i small faco, with ohangclcss smilo and liulf- . closed oyes. Rat-tat ! Tho postman's sharp knock rings through the house. She heeds it not, nor turns hor head when her husband opens tho door and . comos in, u lottor in his bund, and a look ol distress on his tear-stained faco. " Sybil, dour, tho letter has como." .. No answer, hut how pinched and ashen' she looks. — "They lmvo nocopted your hook," hegbes on, in tho samo low, constraihcd voice. " My' poor wifo, I know you cannot euro to hear it now," his oyos filling us ho looks at the desd child, "hut thoy lmvo offered yon £200 down." Then she turns hor fnoo from that small ono on tho pillow, and hor great tearless oyes are . uplifted. Is it a sob, or 11 long, shu'aaoriug sigh, that breaks from hor tips '? ' ,r> ' Too late! Tlio success has como too tato ! And, with outstretched arms, sho has fallen across tho body of her child. ..... Death from shook, tho dootors said. Weak ' heart, and shook consequent on the death of her ohild. Only licr husband know that hor heart had hrokon ut tho test. 