A WONDERFUL WOXAI ; OR, The Dangerfield Mystery. By MRS MAT AGNES FLEMING. She began her answer without delay; It was easy enough to write, knowing what she knew of him. "If he loved me the task would be a difficult one. 'As it is— though he may never own it, even to himself — his re lease will be a relief." It was necessarily a very long letter, since it comprised the whole story of the treble discovery — the discovery that Katherine Dangerfield was Lord Ruys- land's daughter — the discovery that Katherine Dangerfield and Miss Hem- castle were one and the same. She dwelt at length on the noble self-abnega tion she had shown in the end — of all she had been made to suffer, of her pity, her forgiveness, her generosity, of her last flight and renunciation. Lastly, she spoke of herself, telling him her own story, and releasing him from the ar ranged alliance. In any case, even had we loved one an other, I would still have said this. In that case, it might have meant nothing — been but a form— words I was bound in honor to say, knowing how far be neath you in birth I was. But it is no form now. When I say, Sir Arthur, this letter is my farewell, I mean it. Tou must not try to shake my resolutions. You do not care for me— in that way, I knew it from the first. I might have gone on to the end, and done you and myself the still greater wrong of marry ing you. The woman you honor with your hand should love you as you de serve to be loved — as you will yet be loved, I foresee. Again, I entreat you, do not, from any mistaken idea of honor, endeavor to shake my resolution. It is not to be shaken. Farewell. Tour wife I can never he — your friend I shall be always. CECIL. Three days after, and the remains of Harriet Harman were laid in Castleford churchyard. A new and nameless grave, beside which no one lingered, except her whom all the town looked upon as the Earl of Ruysland's daughter. Why she should kneel by the grave of the dead woman — why she should linger there in the grey of the summer evening when every one else was gone— Castle ford could not understand. And why from the grey slab at the head of Kathe rine Dangerfield's grave the brief in scription should be obliterated, and the stone left nameless, Castleford could not understand either. By order of Mr Henry Otis, who six years ago liad put it up, this was done. Mr Otis had returned to London with Nurse Hannah, to find Katherine there before him. What transpired at that first interview no one ever knew. The dream of his life was at an end. The day might come that would make lier a wife, but never his. Perhaps Cecil Clive was not the only one to whom some inkling of the truth had come that a feeling of love for Redmond O'Don- nell had, in the eleventh hour, been lier redemption. "I will make my home here if you will let me," she had said. "Tour mother has been the kindest of mothers to me, you the most faithful of friends, the best of brothers. I should like to have a home— the thought of a lodging-house and strangers is terrible to me. I am tired, Henry— tired in body and soul, with my long and sinful struggle. Thank Heaven that it is over — over for ever that it is still not too late for repent ance and a new life. Let me stay here if you can — if you can look upon me as a sister, not else." A year ago he could not have given her the assurance. He could give it to her in all truth to-day. Even such love as his must starve and die without hope to feed on. He had hoped against hope —all that was over now. "Whilst my mother and I have a. home, Katherine," he answered, "I don't think I need tell you that home is yours. But surely you forget there is another who has a claim upon you now. You are no longer a free agent. Tou are the daughter of the Earl of Ruysland." "I am Katherine Dangerfield. The dear old name that was mine in the days when I was happy and innocent shall be mine again until I die. For Lord Ruysland, I shall never be more to him than now. He would be the last to desire it. and his pride shall never suffer a pang through me. Lady Cecil CU\e honors the name she bears— I should disgrace it. I go my own way, forgetting all that is Past, if I can. Nothing can alter me. YUiate\ er is changed in me" — with a smile the old obstinacy, I fear, will remain unchanged to the last." And the day after, when Lord Ruys- land— having found out her address through a private inquiry agent, whose professional instinct had put him on the right track — came with Lady Cecil, Henry Otis found she meant to keep her word. , , . Katherine was the least embarrassed of the three. As Lady Cecil strove to speak and broke down, she took hei in her arms and Itissed her. "Tou will let me, I know, she said, "unworthy as I have been. Forgive me I if you can, and let me be your sister. I ask no more." "Forgive you!" Cecil echoed. I for give you! I, who for twenty years have usurped your name, your rank, your birthright! Forgive you, who by my mother have been wronged beyond all reparation! When I think of all, of all you have suffered, of " "Don't think of it," Katherine inter posed, gently; "I never shall again, if I can help it. Of you my thoughts are all sweet and tender. Tou were kind to me when " "Others who had a better right were not," the earl said. "Katherine, what shall I say to you? What can I say?" " Say nothing," she interrupted, hastily; "neither were you to blame in the least. The fault, the blame, is all with the dead. Let the dead rest. The day may come when I can forgive even her. It has not come yet. Tou thought me what I was— an adventuress, and you treated me accordingly. Tou did your duty. Have no fear for me. The secret shall be a secret through all time. The world shall never know. Lady Cecil is still your daughter. For me my life shall be peaceful and harmless — at least, here with my friends. I think I know what you have come to say — it will be useless to say it. Nothing can shake my resolution. I remain here. Lady Cecil returns with you. When you come to visit me, I will gladly welcome you ; when you are away, I will hear from you, I hope, and rejoice in your welfare. Make the story known, take her place, claim you as my father— I never will. And the laws of the Medes and Per sians," with her old, rare, bright smile, "were as reeds to be broken compared to my will." . They remonstrated, they argued, they entreated, v in vain. Nothing could move her. All should remain as though Katherine Dangerfield indeed had never risen from among the dead. She would remain with Mrs Otis; they return to their own world. "And what will you do?" his lordship asked, in a broken voice. Something ill her grand renunciation touched him, as nothing perhaps in his whole life had ever touched him before. It won for her what else she might never have won — his honor, his love. "I will teach music— not a very hard life, after all— and I will live with my mother and brother — here. Ah, never were mother and brother in this world more loving, more fatihful than they! And, as I said, you will come to see me sometimes, and you will try to believe this— that I shall not be unhappy. The knowledge that I am doing right— that I am atoning for the wrongs of the past — will be happiness in itself." The tears of Lady Cecil, the earnest urging of the earl, were alike in vain. Katherine remained. There was a smile on lier face as she watched them drive away— a smile that made her the Kath erine of old. Her dark, earnest eyes, lingered last on the sweet "flower face" of La Reine Blanche. "She will be liappy as Sir Arthur Tre- genna's wife," she thought. " It will be an easy task to learn to love him." Lord Ruysland and Cecil went back to tlieir stately room at Fenton's, St James's street, to find Sir Arthur Tre- geiina, in a fever of impatience, await ing them. On the receipt of Lady Cecil's letter, with an extraordinary in telligence, lie had hurried up from Corn wall, followed them to London, and stood before them now, still wondering, incredulous, almost indignant;- - The earl left tliem alone — lie knew what was to come. "It is all perfectly true," Lady Cecil told him, calmly. Miss Herncastle, or Katherine Dangerfield, as she chose henceforth to call herself, was Lord Ruysland's daughter. She herself But what need to repeat that story? And lie was free— nothing could alter that. He pleaded as though lie had really loved her. The story made no differ ence to liim— she was worthy a ducal coronet. Let all the world know it, it would be the great happiness of his life to make hers. "Ah! hush!" she answered, wearily. "Tou know it can never be. Tou are all goodness, but you cannot deceive yourself nor me. Tou do not love me — you never have. No — do not speak — it is no fault of yours; only, why try to make yourself believe you do? And 1 do not love you. My pride, my ambi tion, would not let me tell you before. To gratify them I would have married you. Tou deserve better than that, Sir Arthur. If I were heart free I might, in spite of all, yield to the temp tation, and accept your generous offer. But it is not. It is due to you to tell you I love one from whom I have parted for ever— one whom I never expect to see again. I have loved him with my whole heart 'for six yeai s." He was not surprised. He would not acknowledge it to himself, but a great, a sudden sense of relief filled his heart at his freedom. "I think I must have dimly suspected all along," he said. "It is " A pause. She finished the sentence quietly. "It is Captain Redmond O'Donnell." CHAPTER XXXI.— HOW IT ENDED. It was a brilliant April day. That never-to-be-forgotten August, and all the bright summer, the yellow autumn, the chill grey winter months had worn away. March had howled and blustered through the leafless trees of Scarswood Park, and now April, soft and sunny, smiling and showering, was here, clothing all the land in living green. The bright afternoon was at its bright est as Lady Cecil Clive took her seat in a rustic chair, under the King's Oak, her sketch book in her lap, the flicker ing lines of yellow light slanting on her uncovered head. Pearl and Pansy play ed at hide and seek along the terraces and through the trees. Lady Danger- field, In the drawing room, played waltzes on the piano; and Lady Cecil let books and pencils fall listlessly, and sat "lost in memory's mazes." Eight months had passed and gone since that August day when Sir Arthur Tregenna had stood by her side at yon der sunny boudoir window. Eight months 6ince, in the hotel parlor, he had pleaded with her to marry him — pleaded while all his heart was another's— plead ed, and in vain. They had met but once since then, and then how differently! He had gone abroad, and resumed his wandering life. Before going, however, he had called upon Katherine— a most unsatisfactory and embarrassing meet ing for both. Why he had gone he could hardly have told; some "spirit in his feet" — some spirit in his heart. He went because he could not leave Eng land for years without seeing her. There was very little to say on either side— a mutual restraint held them— the inter view had been silent and short. He looked into the pale, grave, thoughtful face, into the sad, large eyes, and knew more strongly than he had ever known it before that this woman, of all the women on earth, was the only one he ever had or ever would love. And knowing it he had left her. Was it not wisest? Earl Ruysland's daugh ter she might be, injured beyond all reparation she might be, hut also she had been an adventuress none the less. He was very proud— proud of his old lineage, his spotless name, his unstained descent. No whisper had ever been breathed against the women of his race; should she be the first to blot their escut cheon? She had suffered greatly, hut also she had sinned. She had plotted and worked for revenge. She had been an actress. She had been at the very altar, the bride of a worthless wretch. She had stooped to play upon that superstitious Sir Peter's fears — to play the ghost. She had acted a lie, acted a doubly deceitful part. And he turned his back resolutely upon England and her, and went wan dering over the world, striving to for get. But forgetfuln'ess would not come. "How is it under our control to love or not to love?" He could not banish her memory, or the love with which she had inspired him, from his heart. The pale, wistful face, the dark, sad eyes, followed him, haunted him wherever he went. And just three months after his departure there came to Miss Dangerfield a letter, post-marked Con stantinople, pouring forth all his doubts, all his scruples, all his love— a full confession. He could not be happy without her — would she be his wife ? Her answer was a refusal. "I would indeed be unworthy the great compliment you pay me," she wrote, "if I accepted your generous of fer. My life has gone wrong from first to last; all the years that are to come will be too few for atonement. Sir Arthur Tregenna's wife must he above reproach. No one in the future shall lift the finger of scorn, and say the last of a noble line disgraced it by marrying me. It is utterly impossible, Sir Arthur, that I can be your wife. But the know ledge that I once won a heart so true, so noble, will brighten all my life." He had written to her again, and she had answered, gently, but with unflinch ing resolution. Again he wrote, again she replied, and the correspondence went on between them. During that winter long letters from every city in Europe came to the residence of Henry Otis. And so— they hardly knew how— they grew to understand one another as they might never have done else. She learned, as the months went by, to look for the coming of those pleasant white-winged messengers as gleams of sunshine in her sober, drab- colored life. " As for him — how eagerly Sir Arthur Tregenna received and welcomed the re plies, only Sir Arthur Tregenna knew. Lord Ruysland had gone abroad. There was always a little amusement and gambling at Baden-Baden and Hom- burg. To Baden and Homburg the noble earl went. For Cecil, her home was still at Scarswood — occasionally doing duty as governess, vice Miss Herncastle, re signed. In London ICatherine's was a busy life. She had as many music pupils as she could attend, and she worked indefatig- ably. Her home in the Otis residence was a peaceful, a pleasant one. No mother could have loved her more ten derly than Mrs Otis; no brother half so well as Henry Otis. She had her foreign letters, too, growing strangely precious, and as winter warmed into spring ihere was a sudden and most unlooked-for visit from their writer. "In the spring a young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love." Well, not quite that, perhaps— Sir Arthur's thoughts turned lightly up ;n "cw things, least of all that. A great longing to see her, to hear her, had come upon him far off in Africa. All one white Eastern night he lay awake, watching the yel low stars through the opening of his tent, and thinking of her. Next morn ing he started for England. All the rest — his jnurneyings by sea and land— was but a feverish dream, un til the reality came, and he was stand ing in the little drawingroom at Mr Otis's holding her hand, and looking in to the sweet, gravely thoughtful eyes. Was she growing beautiful, he wonder ed; was it only the blindness and glamor of love, or— and this was m:>st likely — was it the serene sweetness of an altered life shining through the deep grey eyfs? Again he pleaded— again she refused. "It cannot he— it -cannot! Oh, believe .it, and forget me! It is impossible that I, after all that is past, can ever marry!" "Always the past!" he cried bitterly. " Does all your suffering, all your wrongs, all your atonement go for noth ing? If I can forg;t the past. Katherine, surely you may? "Tou forget It now. In the years tt i s come you may be forced to remember It; i and, as your wife, I don't think I could S bear that." "Am I a scoundrel in your eyes!" lie :t cried but, a passion In his voice very new. there, "that, having won you for my. , wife, I should ever give you cause to re pent It?" J "I did not mean that. I think nothing rl of you but what is generous and noble. If you repented, I know well I should never see it, if you could help it; but I think I should see it for all that. She who was once Helen Herncastle can 1 never be Lady Tregenna." j He turned away from lier— such keen disappointment, such bitter pain, writ ten in his face, that lier heart relented. She liked him so much — so much that she began to wonder if the liking were not loving. It was hardly possible such noble, disinterested, enduring love as his should not lieget love. "Oh, forgive me," she penitently cried, "it I have wounded you! Indeed, I did not mean it! I do like you, but it is for your good, your happiness, I speak— can not you see that?" "I can see nothing but that without you my life will go wrong — will be utter ly miserable. Katherine, I love you! What more can I say? Love me in re turn, and be my wife!" He held out his arms. For a moment she stood irresolute — longing, yet dread ing to go, for his sake. "Come to me," he pleaded, "my bride — my wife! Forget the past has ever been — it shall never come between us! Come, and make the happiness of my life!" And then, as he enfolded her, and her head fell on his shoulder, Katherine knew that peace had found her out at last. She told him all her story — every detail of her life, painting what was dark in its darkest colors. He should never marry, her, not knowing the worst. Among the rest, of a strange fancy for Redmond O'Donnell. "I don't pretend to understand it," she said. "It may have been part of the fatality that has been at work from the first to care far the two) men, of all men, who could never care for me — Gaston Dantree and Redmond O'Donnell. The first was but a foolish girl's foolish ad miration for a handsome face; the last— ah! well, it might have ripened into love, but it is gone now—gone for ever. I would never give you or any man on earth my hand if my heart might not go with it. You do me great honor, Sir Ar thur Tregenna, in asking me to be your wife; and as you trust me, so you will find me — your loving and faithful wife to the end." Three weeks later, in the lovely April weather, Sir Arthur Tregenna, Bart., and Miss Katherine Dangerfield were quietly married in London— married from Henry Otis's bouse in a quiet church in the neighborhood. There was but one bridesmaid— Lady Cecil Clive; and in her white robes, her gossamer veil, her bridal blossoms, the sweet, tender, tremulous happiness of her face, Katherine was lovely. Lord Ruysland gave away the bride — he had come ex press from Baden-Baden for the pur pose—and the great Cornish baronet was his son- in-law at last. There was a breakfast at the house, and Mrs Otis cried a great deal. If Henry Otis felt in liis heart of hearts like keeping her company, no one there discovered it. He bore it with philo sophy, but then he had vowed to get the better of that ill-starred passion, and he was a man, whether to himself or others, to keep his word. Immediately after the ceremony, the "happy pair" (words of bitter satire often — words true in the highest sense here) started for a prolonged continen tal tour. Lord Ruysland went back to Germany. Lady Cecil returned to Scars wood, to my lady's dreary waillngs, to Sir Peter's prosy companionship. If Redmond O'Donnell's bronzed, sombre face and stern blue eyes came back to her from over the sea a hundred times a day, his name never once passed her lips. She sits, this April afternoon, under the hoary oak, her hands playing list lessly with her pencils, the tender green of earth, the tender blue of sky, the sun lit loveliness of both unseen. She sits thinking; she is far away in the past— so far that she wakes at last with a start. Thinking Is profitless work, and pre sently, with a long, tired sigh, she takes up her pencils and Bristol board and be gins to work; but thought follows her even here — the landscape she would sketch grows blurred before lier eyes, and it is a face she draws— a face, every expression, every outline of which Is graven on her heart. She hears a footstep .approaching up the avenue, but no one In whom she is the least interested ever comes to Scars wood, so she does not look up. She goes on with her work, so absorbed that she forgets all about the intruder. He sees her afar off, and pauses a moment to look at her. The afternoon sunshine gilds the sweet, fair, drooping face, and . kindles into a halo the bronze hair. Slowly he draws nearer, stepping on the grass that he may not disturb her. He comes close — so close that he can look over her shoulder and see what it Is that holds her so absorbed. Then he speaks, close beside her, and very coolly: "If you intend that for a fancy face, _ Lady Cecil, I have nothing to say. If for a portrait, then I must tell you it is most egregiously flattered." She starts up with a cry; for it is the likeness of Redmond O'Donnell she is drawing, and it is Redmond O'DonneL" himself who stands smiline before her, , "Good day to you, Lady Cecil" — he lifts his hat as though they had parted yes terday, and holds out his hand — "I am afraid I have startled you; but not so greatly, I hope,, that you cannot shake hands. Ah, thanks!" As scarcely knowing what she does she lays four cold fingers in his. "I thought at first " you meant to refuse. And how have you been since I saw you last?" He takes a seat in the rustic chair, which accom modates three, and she sinks down, scarcely knowing whether she is asleep or awake, beside him. Her heart is throbbing so fast that for a moment she turns giddy and faint. She has not Spoken a word — she does not try to speak now. "Well," O'Donnell says, in the same cool tone, "you don't look over- ' glad to see me, I must say. That is .what comes of giving one's friends a pleasant surprise. And I flattered my self you had sufficiently friendly interest : in me, or if not, common politeness enough, at least, to say you were glad to see me back." "I am glad." Her voice is not steady —she quivers as Ehe sits. "But — it was so sudden. I am nervous, I suppose, and little things startle me." She lays her hand on lier heart to still its tumultuous beatings, and looks up at him for the first time. "You are the last person I ' expected to see. I thought you were in Algiers." "The last person we expect to see is ' very often the first person we do see," O'Donnell answered, still eminently sslf- possessed. "I haven't been to Algiers, and I'm not going. I shall turn my sword info a scythe, and go in for peace, respectability, and pastoral life. I have been out to New Orleans." "To New Orleans?" "Yes. I received a telegram from my grandfather, after leaving here, telling me his wife and son were dead, and re questing me to go to him. I went. I have been there ever since." She was beginning to recover now. She drew a little farther from him, and began tracing figures in the grass with her white parasol. "You have heard of Sir Arthur Tre- genna's marriage?" she says at length, with a sort of effort. Women are always the first to break these embarrassing pauses. "No doubt he sent you word?" "He sent me no word — how could he? He thought, with you, I was in Algeria. Still, I heard of it. He's a finefellow.and in spite of the Miss Herncastle episode, his wife suits him. She suits him— all Is said in that— they will be happy." ' "I hope so," she answered, softly. "Your father is in Germany, Lady Cecil?" "He is always in Germany of late — he seems to make it his home. Poor papa!" —a sigh. "And you"— the blue eyes that can be so keen, so hard, so steely, so tender al« ternately, are watching her with a light she feels but cannot meet — "and you still reside with your cousin and Sir Peter? Doesn't the life strike you as rather a dull one?" "Not particularly. I hope I have common sense enough to know life can not be ail sunshine and roses for any of us. Scarswood is always a pleasant place. So," with an effort to change the subject, "you have given up all thought of Algiers?" "Yes, I have. And now of yourself. Let me have another look at my portrait. Clever, perhaps, as a work of art; but, as 1 said before, absurdly flattered as a likeness. You do think of me, then, sometimes, Queenie?" The old pet name! A faint rose-pink flush deepened all over the fair, pearly ' face. "I think of all of my friends— what an opinion you must have of my mem- ery— and I have a private gallery of their portraits. Please give me my sketch back. It is easier for you to criticise than to do better." "A rule which applies to all criticism, I fancy. I'll give you the skctcli back on one condition— that I may give you myself with it." "Captain O'Donneii. "Lady Cecil!" The faint carnation was vivid scarlet now. She -started up, but he caught both her hands, and held her. The bright blue eyes, full of piercing, laugh ing light, looked into the startled brown ones. Not much fierceness not much Sternness there now. "What do you mean, sir? Let me go! Here come the children— pray let me fro!" . "Let them come!" cries this reckless young irxsnman; ret an ine woria come, If it likes. I shall not let you go until you promise. You like me excessively— oh, it's of no use denying it!— you know you do, but not one thousandth part as i like you, and I want you to marry me. St will not be so very much more stupid than vegetating at Scarswood, and teaching the nine parts of speech to Pansy and Pearl. Come, Queenie— we liave been in love with each other pretty nearly seven years. They say the cer- ain cure for love is— matrimony. Let «s try It." "Captain O'Donnell, let me go." "Not until you promise. Queenie, I Snean It. I have come all the way from New Orleans to say this: I love you —he my wife, if you can endure to be the wife of a poor man. The question Js— will you try?" ,"I would have tried it six years ago, if Redmond O'Donnell had given me the Chance. I would have tried it eight months ago, if bis pride had not stood between us. , I am not afraid of poverty ; —perhaps , because I was born to it— po- '7 yerty and . servitude were my birth- ' tight . Hoes Captain O'Donnell forget i princely blood flows in his veins, and In nine — that of a waiting-maid?" "That is meant as a reproach. Well, my stiffneckedness in the past deserves it. But think again, Queenie — how you have, been brought up— that luxury has been the very breath you drew — think what marriage with a poor man means. Six stuffy rooms, one grimy maid-of-ali- work, one silk dress a year, no carriage, no opera, no society— the beautiful and poetical of life a dream of the past. Think!" "I do think. I think you want to talk me into saying no— you fear I may take you at your word. Very well, sir, — I say it. . I am deeply honored by your offer, and beg to decline." He drew her to him close — closer. If those innocent twins are anywhere in the visible horizon now, they stand a strong chance of being amazed and scan dalised. "Queenie, my darling — whom I never hoped to hold, to kiss like this — you really love me well enough to endure poverty and obscurity for my sake? You will be my wife and never repent? You oWill go with me and resign everything?" "Everything! Oh, Redmond, I shall have you!" she murmured. And then— the twins are drawing near er — their howls can be heard through the trees. Lady Cecil has some con sideration for their artless youth, if Le Beau Chasseur has none, and laughing, and blushing, and looking — oh, so love ly! — withdraws to the extreme end of the "No, Captain O'Donnell, not one inch nearer — I insist upon it! My hearing is excellent — any remarks you may have to make I can hear at this distance per fectly well, and the other performance is not necessary. Pearl and Pansy are coming, and you know the proverb — Little pitchers have great mouths.' " "Confound Pearl and Pansy! Queenie, you are sure you will never repent mar rying a penniless soldier of fortune?" "I tell you I like poverty. How stupid some people are — forcing one to repeat the same thing over and over! I prefer it decidedly — yes, I do — don't look like that— I do!" "Ah," O'Donnell said, gravely, "I am sorry for that. It may be painful for you to hear. Lady Cecil, but — I have had a fortune left me." "Redmond!" she cried. starting up in dignantly. "A fortune!" "Yes, my love— don't let your angry passions rise if you can help it — a for tune. My grandfather died three months ago, and left me a fortune of four hun dred thousand pounds— a pittance, per haps, as compared with the inheritance of Sir Arthur Tregenna, but to poverty- loving, humble individuals like Lady Cecil Clive and Redmond O'Donnell suf ficient for the bread and cheese of life, a page in buttons, and two silk dresses per year. My love! my love!" Where is the distance between them now? And the twins are standing pe trified, open-mouthed and eyed, at what they behold not six yards off. "I can give you wealth as well as love. Thank Heaven for the happiness it has given me at last!" Redmond said, fer vently. The light fades from the scenes and the faces we know — the hour has come to part. One by one they glide into the ; shadowy distance and are lost to you and me for ever. Is nny one who has followed their fortunes sorry to let them go. I wonder — to say for ever farewell? Take one last look before the curtain falls to rise no more. Of Sir Peter and Lady Dangerfleid, dragging out their married, not mated lives, in the grandeur and dulness of Scarswood. Of Henry Otis and his mother, prosperous in Lon don, with Katherine and his hopeless love already a dream of the past. Of Captain and Lady Cecil O'Donnell, happy beyond all telling of mine— happy in that perfect wedded love rarely found upon earth. And, lastly, of Sir Arthur and Lady Tregenna, with the past but a dark, sad dream they never recall, loving each other, trusting each other, as great hearts and noble souls do love and trust. They are still abroad, in pleasant wandering through pleasant lands. One day they will return to Cornwall, and among all the mistresses that in the last four hundred years have ruled it in hoary old Tregenna none will be more beloved, none more worthy of all love and honor, than she who was once Helen Herncastle. Her face floats be fore me as I write the words— noble, tender, womanly, peaceful and happy at last. Let the name that began this storv end it— KATHERINE. (The End.) 