TOPICSOFTHE WEEK Unpleasant altercation would have been prevented between Mr.Prendergast and Mr. Isaacs, if Mr. Isaacs, as Attorney-General, had recognised that members of Parliament connected with the Trades-hall occupy a much more exalted place in the community than ordinary members or ordinary citizens. Their unsworn statement is better than the oath of any contractor. What the ratio in value is between their simple word and the bond of any common person is a question which may be neglected, on the ground that to discuss it would be to open ap vexing 6ide issues. A few years ago, the Legisla tive Assembly waa graced by the presence of a member who now and then enlivened the proceedings, and made Parliamentary reports interesting, by a tacking private in dividuals by name. A member of Parlia ment, by virtue of his office, is permitted i to bring railing accusations, a privilege .which St- Paul tells us is not allowed to angels. He consequently creates terrora of o kind which are unknown anywhere else in the wide empire of the Queen-but the terror arises for a time only, because es goon as it is perceived that the member is using his privilege too frequently, or is led away by a temperament which the doctors gay is to madness near allied, the attacks go past unremarked, as the idle winds did by the immaculate Brutus. Mr. Prendergast has restored to Parliamentary proceedings en interest which they have not had for years. His doings are reported in the first f person, under special headings, at greater length, though only lasting a few minutes, than Mr. Isaacs'e four or five hours speech on the Commonwealth Bill. His demand that Mr. Mephan Ferguson should be pro secuted for perjury, merely because he chose to Bay that that contractor has com mitted perjury, might occasion astonish ment if it were put forward in the Supreme Court, or anywhere else where justice is ad-1 ministered. But the Legislative Assembly is not a court of justice, and members of Parliament possess all the powers and privi-1 leges which Parliaments in previous genera-1 tions wrested from despotic kings and I t.vrannouB ministers. They were supposed to ] have trampled arbitrary powers and pri vileges under foot, but they really put them in their pocket, for use in 1897 by the j Trades-hall members. Yet we venture to j believe that nothing is better calculated to make the Legislative Assembly stink offen-j sively in* the public nostrils than attempts on the part of individual members to get I free citizens clapped in gaol on charges] which no one outside the House will take] the responsibility of fathering. The remarkable speech of the debate on j the Commonwealth Bill has been delivered by Mr. M'Lean. Mr. Allan M1<ean, mem ber for Gippsland North, was born to do I remarkable things; but until very re cently his capacity in that direction has not been adequately recognised. We are a long way yet from hearing the last of the surprises Mr. M'Lean can spring upon the j public- No man ever entered Parliament | under circumstances better calculated to prevent his true merits from being per ceived. When Mr. M'Lean was elected his "presence," which is almost bewitch ing, his measured tone, the dignity of his utterance, &c.;, created the general impres- i sion that here was a man who would take ' wide viewB of public questions, so wide as j never to be carried away by localism, and never to be a party to legislation founded j on fads and prejudices. The people who admire "safe legislation" regarded Mr. M'Lean as their own. It waa selfish of I them to do BO. At no time has Mr. M'Lean permitted himself to be tempted into taking wide viewB of things. Hisj bent is in the opposite direction. He con centrates his vision, as it were, in a micro scopic fashion, on a single drop of water, i earnestly describing lae alarming eights he sees in that tiny world, ignoring the con tents of the ocean generally. And, as for the politicians he likes to work with, you have but to notice that each time he has been in the Cabinet it has been as a mem- j her of a Ministry addicted to the bringing J in of faddy, one-sided, and ill- working mea sures. At this moment, Mr. M'Lean cai j see in Federation nothing but the "ruin" ] of the. Gippsland stockbreeders, whose cattle and sheep he knocks down in Maffra sale-yards. Under ordinary circum stances, the extreme protectionist tells j you that protection cheapens production, hut there are times when be is obliged to glaringly contradict himself. Mr. M'Lean j so contradicts himself when he asserts that the etock-taat has raised the value of cattle j ou this side of-the-Murray by 90b. a head; so that an averager beast in Victoria, as Mr. WKenzie points out, is now worth 30o., and an average beast in Eiverina is now j worth -nothing . at all. Victoria mi j jailed Australia Felix by Sir Thomas Mitchell, because it seemed to that early ciplorer to possess the finest land and the | finest climate on the continent. Its land | w still magnificent, its climate still un-j equalled, but Mr. M'Lean atgues that if we I ave the same . intercolonial freetrade ] now that we. had up to 1878, Victorian waders will be starved off their «?h, well- j watered ' holdings, ? by ~ herds entering r°m the bare plains'of'Riverina and the J? Queepalanct What a pity r. MXieau cannot make us entirely safe P .e°^lng Victoria away out into the : Ocean, where it would be entirely , from all trade with its pi ^iglibours. The latitude of Norn vrould be an ideal situation for it. Victorian protectionists (Mem to procure] information about British politics "w* American newspaper. There is no j * which wo can kindly ac tor a, really awful misstatement which has been put in circulation. The1 Duke of Devonshire's Bpeech at Liverpool to the Colonial Premiers is headed, in San! Francisco journals, "a recantation of free! trade.' Bo the Melbourne protectionist; organ proceeds to say:-"It must have been | a difficult and distasteful task for the Duke 1 of Devonshire to recant all his life-long errora on the question of free trade. But' none the less is 'his recantation complete.: He admited that the prophecieB of the thick and thin free-traders have been com pletely falsified." What the Duke of Devon shire really did say is something very dif ferent: " J continue to believe, as I have always believed,1 that free trade is the best and wisest policy of our country, but virtues were given to it which it did nof P®®688" fcfld results were predicted which have not followed. The world has not become the com mercial paradise which was predicted in the early days or free-trade opinion, when it was hoped that I free trade would bind all the nations of the earth i closely together that it would be a matter of comparatively little importance to us by whom | they were ruled, or under what influence they were governed. We have since learned by painful | experience that no old or new markets are being j thrown open to us by the influence of free trade alone;, and that if we want to provide for the in creasing commerce which is necessary for the sup port of our increasing population we must find those markets for ourselves, and must use every opportunity either of expanding or of consolidating our colonial positions." In other words, he admitted that the san guine hopes of Cobden and Bright, regard ing the adoption of free trade all the world over, had not been realised. The very same admission can be made about Chris tianity, which has not spread all over the J world, as the divineness of its origin and I purpose led Christians to think it must, i Yet the faith Christians have in Christianity [ has not diminished. It is the gospel of un selfishness. The doctrine preached in pro | tectionist countries is that local selfishness | in the highest public virtue. The world iB not yet advanced enough for the realisa tion of Cobden's dream of universal free trade and universal peace; but it is a.dia bolical misreading of the Duke of Devon shire's speech to assert, because he admits this, that he has recanted his life-long views about free trade. As protection can only be kept alive in Victoria by this kind of buoying-up we must not wonder at the over-zealous journalist so readily imperil ling his souL Learned lawyers in Selborne-charabers have been consulted aB to the meaning of an ambiguous clause in the act forbidding party-processions in Victoria. Mr. Gold smith, who differs from Mr. Finlayson (for once in a while a^inet the -ppoeecution), is only able it satisfactorily through havit^'idbis library the' six or seven volumes .of the Century.Dictionary. Theclausewalc^pi^\riUi&u;*iatfons,ifroman Imperial Btdto&about; 100 years.was adopted Melbourne some^7^Vkiip3**$iIatImperial statute was never in force anywhere but in Ireland, and it passed out of existence in 1875\. In copying the clause our legis lators tried to improve the meaning and the grammar by altering the verbs and changing their tenses, the consequence of which is that professional minds in Sel borne-chambers find not the slightest diffi sulty in drawing opposite conclusions. If the report is true that the persons who obstructed last year's procession intend to console themselves for not obstructing this year's (in compliance with the Archbishop's injunction) by prosecuting the Brunswick Orangemen for wearing regalia, we shall probably have the Full Court grappling with an issue much more puzzling than the dif ference between food of Neave's and food of Neavis. But whether tbe regalias worn last Sunday are legal or not, the Orangemen of Brunswick ought, as order-loving, loyal citizens, to commune emong themselves as to whether it can be right to hold proces sions which can only be brought off with the assistance of 300 or 400 police, and which bring together, in Brunswick^ on the holy Sabbath, the mischief-laving and disorderly youth of a populous metropolis. Must there not lie hidden in such procession, or the motive inspiring it, something which is not altogether right when it affords so much scope and provocation for devilry among the onlookers on the Lord's day? There is another consideration. These demonstrations are as much re ligious as political. Sunday's proces sion ended in services in two churches. Is it consistent with the principles and prac tice of true Christianity for certain denomi etrataons of Christians to bold celebrations which stir up the angry feelings of certain other easily-roused Christians? Is the work done in the name of the Lord truly Buch as the Lord himself would sanction? The Archhishop's sensitive flock call these July festivities "rubbing it in." Whenever regulations are proposed for the control and restriction of the new traffic which has come in with cycling, they include some provision commanding the cyclist to dismount and submissively move aside the instant he perceives any ono to be riding or driving a restive horse. Alter the accident to Lady Brassey, it is evident that rules going much further than anything hitherto mooted are demanded. An order calling upon *11 persons whatso ever to deer off the thoroughfare when an ill-broken home comes along is the least that can be tolerated in the interests of public safety. It should be perceived at a glance that if Lady Brassey's carriage bad not been in El iiwbeth-strcct at the same time as the tuiruly horse in the baker's cart there would have been no ac cident. An accident was caused by the unruly horse not being given exclusive possesion of the public thorougbiare, as the rules proposed in relation to cycling re quire. Between trajn-c-rs and shying or uncontrollable horses there have been frequent collisions, ending, in one notable jnffatwuA, in the immediate death of a young lady, who was sitting oil the dummy. That lamentable fatality was traceable to the carelessness of Parliament in not inserting a clause in the Tramway Act directing that tram-cars should be lifted off the rails and carried to a safe place on the pave ment whenever the gripman or conductor had the slightest reason to suspect that there is an unruly horse about. Such a clause would not only have prevented many disasters, but saved the drivers of unru'y horses the necessity of committing apparent perjury. It may be contended, by hasty observers,. that the person who sends an imperfectly-broken horse into a busy street under the care of an incom petent driver is no better than the menagerie-keeper who scared hoofed animals into the air, and pedestrians into shop doorways, by leading a tiger along. But many generations ago the drivers of light vehicles-especially bakers' and butchers' carts-acquired by conquest, or some such means, the right to use the public thoroughfare as an experimenting j or training track; and the law properly I sets established usage above municipal regulations. An interestingcircumstance, bearing upon the Federal Senate problem, is mentioned by Mr. P. D. Phillips, in the paper he read before the Melbourne Jewish Literary So ciety. His subject was Benjamin Franklin, who, as every schoolboy knows, began life as a juvenile soap-boiler, and rose by the force of his own talentB to be a distinguished writer, philosopher, and statesman. Mark Twain wished in his youth that Franklin had never been born, but that was because his own father had declared that Samuel Clemens must qualify for a great career by learning to boil soap. The man who found out how to draw lightning from the thunder clouds with a kite-string also busied him self with public affairs. Franklin played an active part in the political troubles that led up to the War of Independence. He was far from wanting separation, which was forced on the American colonies by the im patience and domineering spirit of Lord ! North's Cabinet. The colonies did not wish to go, and they would never have gone under Pitt, had he at that time been Prime Minister. Franklin, who was then in Eng land, as a Pennsylvania representative, had 'the pleasure of hearing himself denounced as one of the vilest of mankind by Solicitor General Wedderburn, when the Massachu setts petition came befo.-e the Lords of the Council "He stood," says Lecky, "con spicuous and erect, without moving a muscle, amid the torrent of invective." Four years afterwards, in Paris, when he secured the recognition of the American Republic by France, he wore the self-same suit of spotted Manchester velvet which be had stood up in before the Lords in Council, when denounced by Wedderburn, "leaving historians to speculate, as they might, on that picturesque incident." The original American Constitution was not the one in force now. So jealous were the individual states of their rights that, for the first 10 years, Congress had no real power. At the compromise of 1787-8, Franklin offered the suggestion that "saved the union," viz., "that the states should be equally repre sented in the Upper House, and should be represented according to population in the Lower House, where all money bills were to originate." In Australia, where we are trying our hands at the same kind of constitution | making, Franklin's solution of the pro-, blem has been adopted by the Convention, j but it is carped at and rejected by speakers . and writers who are pleased to call them-1 selves men of statecraft. The American people have not once asked for any varia tion of the Franklin compromise during the last 110 years. Haunted houses are so seldom met with, and they have such an inconvenient habit of refusing to disclose their secrets to the trained investigator, that the Marquis of Bute deserves the thanks of students of spookish phenomena for spending some of ills great wealth in efforts to capture ghosts. Hearing of a place that was "the most haunted house in Scotland," be rented it for three months, end invited members of the Society for Psychical Research to occupy it. TJie house is named Ballcchin, and it is pleasantly situated in Strathtay, a few miles above Dunkeld. A lady, well known in con nection with the S.P.R., and a novelist to boot, toot charge as hostess; a staff of ser vants was engaged, and various persons were asked to come, who, it was thought, would assist in discovering the origin of the mysterious phenomena. Among these was a scientific expert, who has related his ex periences, at length, in "The Times." Bal lechin is not an ancient building, but dates from the second decade of this century. It is so built as to be "one large sounding board, transmitting, and possibly intensify ing, certain kinds of noise." He slept in the most haunted room, and, during the few nights he was there, heheard various sounds, all of which could be accounted for in the most ordinary manner. The weird moaning through the waste-pipe of the washstand, cracks from the fireplace, when cooling, the movements of servants down stairs, &c.;, "to anyone half-dead with fright, ^tliey would probably,bave seemed appalling;"but to this cool investigator they only proved that ordinary noises could be transmitted in that house with unusual facility and to un usual distances. According to his account, the investigation by the visitors was a mere farce. Some of them sat up all night with loaded guns, in a condition of abject fright, andjvearly all seemed to have assumed that there was a supernatural cause for the noises. The most curious feature of the whole af fair is how the place came to havp .sueh a ghostly reputation. In London, it was said to have been haunted for 20 or 30 years, but jnqmriefl on the spot showed that there had been no whisper of such a tiring until the house was let for inat year"# shooting, to * family, mom of whom seem to have m dulged in practical jokes, making . strange' noises, and playing other pranks. The writer in "The Times" comes to the conclu sion that Lord Bute's confidence has been grossly abused, and that the whole thing; was an imposture of the most shallow and i impudent kind. Hi« exposure has evidently j greatly disconcerted those who were con- j cerned in the supposed investigation. It j has, in fact, taken the wind out of their sails, not only by throwing ridicule on the proceedings, but also by anticipating their version of the inquiry, which, it is an nounced, will shortly appear. The hostess shows how much she is vexed, by accusing the writer of breach of faith in writing at all, while a true believer in ghoBt phe nomena announces that he will not take anyone's word but that of the hostess, who is to bring out a book. It should be added that the Psychical Society disclaims official connection with the inquiry, stating that a special committee had already satisfied it self that there were na phenomena worth j inquiring into. The methods of "Psychical Research" were anticipated and caricatured by Mr. Pickwick in the tale which he wrote on be ing made a member of Master Humphrey's club. You will find it not in the famous "Papers," but among the series of stories collected together under "Master Hum phrey's Clock," which witnessed the tem porary revival of Mr. Pickwick, Tony Wel ler, and Sam. In the days of James I., as the tale relates, the inhabitants of Windsor boiled a witch on His Majesty's birthday, and sent a bottle of the broth to the King, with a dutiful address expressive of their loyalty. The King, "being rather frightened by the present, bestowed it upon the Arch bishop of Canterbury, and returned an answer to the address, wherein he gave golden rules for discovering witches, and laid great stress upon certain protecting charmB, especially horseshoes." Such be ing the prevailing feeling, it was quite natural that the inhabitants of the town of Windsor should be waited upon by a deputation from the village of Kingston, near by, asking that someone should be ap pointed to watch by their gallows-tree, then in use, to scare away the ghosts or witches which were threatening to carry off the body. The tale tells how selection fell on Will Marks, because he bad no faith in such things, in the middle of the night, when it was raining hard, the supposed witches came, but brave Will discovered that they were two gentlewomen, near re latives of the person whose body was hang ing from the gallows, and that they wanted to take the body away and give it decent burial in London. Will fell in with their wishes, and actually drove the cart which had been brought to convey the body to town. When daylight arrived the Kingston ) people went out to see how Will was 1 faring. But they found no Will Marks nor any hanging corpse, and general was the consternation until the second day, when Will turned up safe and sound with a marvellous story to account for his dis appearance. For Will did not intend to reveal the truth about the good deed be | had had a part in. He related bow witches had come dancing round the gallows, car ried off the body in a cauldron, and so be witched himself that he lost his senses till he found himself lying under a hedge ten miles off, whence he had straightway re turned, as the people then beheld. "The story gained such universal applause that it soon afterwards brought down express from London the great witch-finder of the age, the Heaven-born Hopkins, who, having examined Will closely on several points, pronounced it the most extraordinary and best accredited witch story ever known, under which title it was published at the Three Bibles on London- bridge, in small quarto, with a view of the cauldron from an original drawing." In much the same spirit do the Andrew Lang and Frederick Myers of our day inquire into the ghost stories reported to them. But they art fully accommodate themselves to the doubt ing spirit of the times. People do notj nowadays believe without questioning, so i before "cases" get recorded in the 12! volumes of the Society for the Promotion1 of Psychical Research, or in Mr. Lang's articles, they are put through a friendly sifting process, swthat the evidence may look as if it were the outcome of severe cross-examination. Among theosophists, clairvoyants, &c.;, the dodge employed is to blend language describing the intangible with jargon illicitly diBtilled from scientific literature. 