THETRAfiEDYAT DEEP- . v DENE. -By MIGNON, Author of "Gilbert Elton's Wife, Anna (JreyBoa," &c.;, &o.; 'Swaet CHAPTER XXXV. • " Do I understand, Lady Archer, that you {rave Frank a holiday 2 He distinctly, told me • so." " Lady Archer, indeed? Ladv Fiddlesticks," snapped Mr. Archer. "My wife, Mr. Morton, is simply Mrs. Archer." It was an old vexed question. Mamma would not drop' her title. She preferred still to be Lady &orthleis;?h, and got it, too, from her tradespeople. Others called her, as Mr. Morton did, Lady Archer, but the old man could bot bear ft. He always retorted as now. Mr. Morton' was Frank's tutor, and had been for nearly six. months. Mr. Archer's scheme of sending Frank away to school had, for somereason best known to himself, merged into his poing in for a tutor. I think his motive was selfishness—a tutor could read to and Write" for him. So, directly after the scene in the lost chapter, a tutor was advertised for, and Mr.'Mortoawas the result. A tall, fair man, witi^a budding moustache that never seemed to grow. • • "Did you bestow the holiday, my lady?" repeated Mr. Morton. Mamma bent her head Seprecatingly. - ' • . . " *".Why can't you anfiwer Mr. Morton when be asks a simple 'question?" growled Mr. Arciher, who had grown a greater bashaw than before inhis undisputed sway. " I quite understand from Lady Archer's manner that she waa answering in the affirmative, sir." '" . • "Then why] did you put your -Question twice. = But I tell you what it is, madam. I won't have that lazy, ill-trained boy of yours rushing off tot Thornelifie morning,-noon, and night in the way >you are encouraging him. They are people who out us—cut me—and I "won't stand it. • .Let that precious daughter of yours go in his stead. • It would be a meroy if wecooldget rid of her; but we never shall. She-is a bale that hangs oft hand. - Ton once, I believe, did give« ball in the vain hope that some fool inight : .be trapped into marrying her. But there are .not two fools of mv sort. If you caught me withchafi you won't catch any oneforher." 7 The jusnlting "dolt. X am not naturally passionate, yet I could have knocked his /tottering-feeble body : down-to the ground with comfort to my feelings.- Mamma caught him with chaff! indeed, I could have told him he needed no catching. I think my face must have expressed some of my sentiments," for, though T kept silent, I saw .by Mr. Morton's, look What did it espresso—pity, or what?—that his sympathies were'mine, . But I did not want them. Good young man though, he ever seemed, he was not. nor had. not, been from the first a favourite' of mine. Suddenly my face crimsoned.- ' I had recqgnised with dismay that a -twofold interpretation might be put on my indignation; yet I", would not condescend to argue. 1 .- • • ;"Ithinkitishetter for Frank to ££ep tip "his'acquaiiitance with Tharnclifie than for him , to hurry "off again,;»s he does, in' the milk car^" :saidmamma. \- "To go to ThorncIiffe he loses his lessons— note' ths fact, madam." Why would he perast.in .tiKikingon^hat old-fashioned title to mamma..' " To go in the miik cart he imbibes the freBhair. aijdcomes back to Mr. Morton invigorated;" .' , • "I don't think he seems at all strong." " Pooh"! you' don;tthink this, and you don't -thiak that. Who cares what yoirthink?*' \- I saw by my mother's risiug colour, and by \- the .way-she clenched 'her hands that for once she resisted her old husband's insolence. She •raised her hand, and-said, proudly—Would that she had' cultivated the game spirit "I care, Mr. Atcher. n , He looked uncomfortable, and then; laughed. '•> ; believe,'.-Lady -.Anchor,- -observed Mr. "Morton, Tsurtung Tound just ashe was aboutto leave the rodm. ",thatit is these night fright® -that Frank suffers -from that are telling on "his health' >. not faney^r ;". . :• '"l am wire they .are not fancy in as far as his he.iltfa is"<»hcMTied. ^ Whether the vision hesees, or thinks he sees, is t here, matters not; bnt the inartyrdoiri'lie endures is real enough. Hiastate onoe or twice when-1 have found him afterwards isiamentable." - I couldbearMr.MoEton'a wordsout. ' "It is ' pitiable 1 ; Jo ' see him, I. declared. . Something ought-to be done." '• ''yon are-rigHtiSt ought." ' The speaker;was .:Mr. Morton. ' What; -Morton! "Sjda • going over jto the -jbeories "and- hmpbugs of a pack of women. Seeing ghosts, indeed. If I were stronger, I. would -giyia hmi 'eensible ghosts—that is, I would whip thikpafck of nonsense out of him. -Don't let me he^ amy more of it.™ .. "Iwish,.Mr,;Morton, yon woald deepin Frank's room," I-niged.. . - . "Hega^ me'sm^ttnfathoiii&ble; look out of his light eyes. Why.?did l aiways think they meant somethipg Bingnlar, those eyes'of his?. "I -will,- MissxMerryon, with pleasure. I wilLdo mybesttosaye your brother."' " ' "JSToa will doinothing of the «ort." retorted Mr: Archer snappishly. "I forbid any snch step." .' > •.. . '. . . "I believe.ydujlike : Frank to be alarmed," I said,'doegedly.< '•-..- • "- •;. *' You«an..believe what ycnrchoose. If hie is iAiot «nough; tp frighteii himself to death ovet.'ghoiSB aha fencied apparitions, ! wcin't be tiheonetoeirebarage him. Of thatvyeu may be sure, Miss Impertinent." - ; It rwas trne that^kank latterly bald suffered . -much from,nightmare, as" we had at first supbe 3that,"for, the^visitations,'<>r whatever they. might be,. -' came before -he? feTI 'asleep. -It_was "almost as i^lAj&j;^iw^e for^em-^oauld lot deep ^^bB^riMn eame. -Jfot thatthese frights occurred bhce a s^ht, or once.a week. There (no"lEgU?arity_ a3x>nt thepi, only that he ' 1 said he hua^pcevision of their advent. I suspeofcedit Was- rather: that he always lay wide i : awak^ tiU qmte'efhausted. But what was his . ghost like; we> asked, ^frir we all imagined he raw biit<»e»tar>es of:the brain. 1 " A11 -whlte^iall^outstretched hands, and with -such big -glaring' eyes. It springs np frpin alL -paxts - of" the room; sometimes it cam^s in -at- the floor.'? - The worst fright, however, had occurred the night previous. Up to then-1 had : shared the general belief, and feared-that Frank was growing visionary ; . buthis.last atcack^was real enough. I was in the habit of trying to" keep's wake, so that if my darling shouldicry out I could immediately . rush to liim; :for his frights, whether caused by his awn f ears : br by others playing pranks on him, were very much to be dreaded. I had, howerer, fallen " asleep, when a; piercing scream" reached; me. . I was on the landing .almost' at once, with Just ?a shawl over my shoulders. I-nearly darted back, for I saw Mr.; Morton, dressed. emi&rging; from his Toom. But •" Fcank^sagonised fall, of "Emmie, Emmie, " made me venture forth. ' <" It .must be-the servants who are frightening him," said Mr., Morton hurriedly.- '"I.was studying, and -1 was positive l -heard steps. I listened, but they, never came again, otherwise I should have come out." ; - - "But Jenkyns—not the right' one he had stnnid fellow j[Jenkjiositl., as bleeps near to s , watdi;" .. _ . • "Ohjheis no gooa," declared. Mr. Morton Eoniemptuondy; "that is the rea——" \- I could sot wait for more; Frauk was waiting. . ".-• . . • '• " ' " What was it this time?" I began rather jokingly as;I entered gropingly. There was DO answer. . .'..'.. lightfc-^Tiiickl^a light !'' -I called -out, my haaitassailei.with I know toot whit fears. "Wijen -Mr. Morton brought one and discreetly dnew atrajr to the door I. went up to the%ed.-^v •' ". ' J!'He ij5deadl"i cried—"-dead! He looked to.' . " - ' "And what are these marks on his throat?" "Finger-marks,I'll 6wear,"'said'Mr. Morton from his ade of the bed. "Foul play here. But he has ..only fainted.. I will get some water."' Ah, Frank, my -boy—better, ehi" Frank citing tofcim. " Don't leave me, Mr. Mortonsee, Ljam .bathed in. perspiration. My ghost-is reak - It is eome one alive. You mhst stay_and help me." I made a grab at him this time. I -was determined not to be Erishtened. Sir Prior told me it'was wrong— wicked. I pulled at the sheet, and something toppled down. , I heard it. See, Em, if it is D>n your side. I dug my teeth in his arms, and sbould have screamed for help; but he—it was a man, be was so strong—that clutched at my throat till Ijwasnearly suffocated. I called oiit directly he left go—screamed with ail mv might. I heard you coming ; and then I must soon after have.fainted, for I remember no more. ' "Something toppled over," said Mr. Morton, and in" the dim gaslight I thought he looked anxious. _ " Where: have you anything by you, then,-.Miss Merryon?" " Nothing," I replied, feeling on the floor. "Bnt-I am certain I am speaking the truth," said Frank. " I am .very exhausted, and now I.am beginning to shiver." You will stay, Mr. Morton, won't'you?" He had done so. Nothing further had happened. But I had .resolved something should be done to secure Frank for the future. The * marks on his throat were real. I had seen them, and so „had 'Mr. Morton. • I had told mamma, and she said Frank must have done it himself in a frenzy. All the Bervants were reliable, and Mr. Archer said that it was .hiehly improbable than any outsider would take the trouble to make these nocturnal visits —break in the house and alarm Frank for amusement—then disappear, and leave no trace behind them. ' It certainlv was very unaccountable. Yet what to do was the question. I began to wish that Frank really had gone to school. It was hopeless, however, to suggest it now.-. :Mr. Archer thought highlv of Mr. Morton, and was not likely to ba prevailed to jjart with him. The only hope lay in Mr. Morton himself. I had tried that just before the conversation related and failed. He acknowledged that Frank ought to be removed from all chance of fright, but he would not listen to any suggestion of leaving. "Don't ask me, Miss Merryon," he pleaded with such earnestness as to startle me. "You don't know how much a 1 homo of this sort means to me, and—and my—mother is a widow." But that his sympathies were with Frank I saw when he openly spoke of the ill resulting from these repeated alarms. " What is to be done?" I asked, seeing him alone soon after luncheon. " About my waiting on my Archer?"' he said, standing with folded arms, looking out of a window, as if in a reverie, which my question disturbed; "Ob, I siiali have to be his \\-alet, cook, and butler; yet I suppose he ought not to grumble at your brother having a holiday, for he then engrosses all my time, or nearly so." " He does that also when Frank is here," I observed. - "You sbould rebel." "Ah, you don't know. Miss Merryon, what a home is to such as me—the actual having a roof over your head." "Your mother, she " " My nfother is almost destitute." I felt sorry forjiitn at that moment. I often wondered why I did not like the man better— young man, for he could not be above tweutytwo. Sometimes I was inclined to think that my slowness to appreciate his virtues arose simply from prejudice.' Every one else in the house liked him but me. Yet, if merely tbe result of prejudice, why did not the feeling die away? Moreover, tbe cause of it was unfounded. It was this—When Sir. Morton arrived to answer the advertisement fcr a tutor, I thought I recognised the person who had been on the kerbstone speaking to the scoundrel Vinters. But Mr. Morton avowed that be had come from a distance, that he had never been near Coldham in all his life before, and, consequently beiug a stranger, knew no one to speak to any where afiout. So, of course, I must have been wrong, and yet—well, independently of his word, I could have taken my affidavit that I was right, the more so in that Vinters, we found out, was released on ticketof-leave." For the first month after Mr. Morton's arrival I was hourly dreading some catastrophe, but as days and weeks went on without bringing anything -about, I began to believe that Mr.. Morton and Vinters were not in the collusion as t feared, but that the person I bad seen had by pure coincidence borne a resemblance to Frank's tutor. ^ < Mamma, who by this time, openly bewailed her rash and unfortunate marriage!, and made "no bones about vainly lamenting it, said all along that I was mistaken. One look into Mr. Morton's guiless face, she averred, was sufficient to disarm all suspicion. Everybody considered Mr. Morton" guileless looking. I wonder why. I could never assent to the remark. Perhaps his extreme fairness helped to bestow an expression of innocence, but if so, there was, to me at any rate, a character in the eyes that blotted out all claim to it.' He had a habit, however, of keeping bis eyes meekly down. . ''They used to call me Saint Mark at school," he observed casually one day. "The village'school," sir"'. Had he .unwittingly, betrayed himself? It scarcely, seemed so, for he offered to make no correction. In this trait of his character how vastly superior he was to Mr. Archer. We all: felt sure that his birth was-lowly, and yet how he tried to boast. Mr. Morton, to speak truly, was his master's superior in every way—courteous, deferential, pentle, considerate. Had it not been for "my prejudice at starting, I must have learned to like—respect him—in fact, I think I was beginning to do so. His unvarying attention to Frank and unflagging championship of him m any of -Mr. Archer's unjust accusations were bound to tell on me in his favour. The name of Saint clung to him. Even the servants—told by Frank, I daresay—freely spoke of him amongst themselves as St. "Mark, Mark being his Christian name. (To be continued to-morrow.) 