Two Mates and a Barmaid. Pam 1. (CONTINUED FAOM OUB LAST IB80E.) Several timos through the day bad Jaok suggested a search or the sounding of the horn, which Longson met with, " He's a born bushman and oould track a mosquito. Nothing but foul play could keep him away, and depend upon it if he's fallen in with the niggers they'll finish him." His only concern was about the horses, but this was soon dispelled, when mounting a hill about two hundred yards away a horseman was desoried with three faowea placidly following. " Why man," cried Longson when Wartell had dismounted, " Why do you bring the horses to tho camp ?" " Hist, Bill," said Jack, " don't you see that he's hurt." " There's a bit of a spear in here," said War tell, pointing to his side. " Then out it comes," cried Jack, producing his knife, while Longson turned his attention to the horses. " Two missing," he muttered," and he back." No, Wartell, was not yet to die. He feared not death; in fact, looked upon it as one of tho most common place occurrences in life, and rather courted it. What wonder then that he was permitted to Jive ? In a few days he was in a fit con dition to carry out his long formed resolution to return to Coolgardie The scorching heat oi the back blocks, where the persevering flies bear down like an army of warriors, c" tinned dog, and Barcoo rot, had made a tolerable wreck of him, and now he was heartily tired of the hardships attaching to the prospector's life. And so with a shake of the bands and a hearty good bye and good luck to his mates, Dug Wartell departed, duped out of the golden prize for which man lusts and slaves through, o it his day. From early morn till late at night drink, drink, drink. The disease was in the air, and all who breathed it dratik. To the adopted sons of Cool gardie existence was impossible with oat it. The offices of property buyers and managers were turned into stor age rooms for oases of wine, whiskey and beer, while the hotels became the place for business transactions. Busi ness was impossible without the medium of a hotel. Every meeting was celebrated with a drink; no part ing took place without it. Strangers became friends at sight without the superfluous civilised ceremony of a, formal introduction, and no wonder then that Dug Wartell, a generous hearted, life-weary fellow, became associated with he knew not whom, and no wonder too that the hotels were so popular among the thirsty, snn-baked Coolgardieites since a rude tent was the only other place of resort, If any night was worse than another for carousing it was Saturday night. Then it was that Wartell with a com panion, both somewhat elevated, were parading Bayloy-street, singing lus tily— Keep in tho middle of tlie track, my br>ys, Then keop in tlio middle of tho track, Don't turn to the right, don't turn to the left, But keep in the middle of tho track. They were as dirty as dust-bins, and had evidently returned from visit to some property. They now entered a hotel which Wartell had not hitherto visited. The bar wa crowded, yet despite this and his altered appearance the barmaid with a semi-stifled exclamation had recognised him, but ere he bad seen her Bill Longson and Beu Hawser with a " Hulloa there!" stood before bim and escorted hiin into another bar, After greetings had been freely exchanged LongBon at an opportune moment whispered to Hawser, "Now play the game and a hundred yours." Hawser manifested the utmost friendship towards Wartell, and it was clear that he and Longson bad become fast friends. " Weil, what luck, old man," ex claimed Warfeli. " WuuMi/t h-tve exported to fins you back so soon " Oa, w?. did ,-n) good,and (ike you, got full uf ii; slung her ovur, you know," was Lsngaou's i«jjly. "Not ali beer and skittles this prospecting, ub, Bill ? " cried Hawser. "It <vouM have bocu ahightifourluck had Continued as it b l :gun. What say you ? " returned Longson. "It was a case oi a good beginning and a bad ending." "What- are you at now ? " queried Longson. "Oh, dabbling about aB a tin-pot mining agent. Talking quartz reefs all day long." "Humph,''ejaculate- iLongson. "I've lost all faith in the place. Take it fjom me, Coolgardie will soon be a camping ground for the blacks." And while walking out he added: "Don't like the poison in that place. Wouldn't go there again." That night they drank until each found the other misBing. Wartell's friend slept where, in his attempt to get to bis camp, he fell, with his head in the gutter. Hawser lay dead to the world under a tree, which, in his drunken sleep, he wanted to fight, while Longson got to his hotel, and Wartell his tent by the guidance of some divinity. From that out Wartell was the constant care of Longson and Hawser, and at lasf at the latter's invitation shared bis camp, about a mile from the town, and accessible by a narrow footpad which extended over bills and dangerously near pot-holes and tanka. Just prior to leaving his office for the day Wartell received tho following lines written in a disguisod hand : "Beware of Ben Hawser and Bill Iiongson. They are no friends of yonrs: Shun them as you would a serpent, for they mean mischief to you Destroy this note, but give heed to the warning of a true friend, who must not yet be known, 'ACHILLES.' To Douglas Wartell, Esq. He sat in a puzzled thoughtful state poring over the note again and again. "What does it mean," he muttered at last. "They have no reason to do me mischief, and yet it is strange that a vindictive fellow like Hawser has not had at me for that night's work. Ah, what a life," he solioquised. "And how fair it promised until that day that my father drove me forth—disowned. Bah, I am past sentiment and past fear—a sorry hopeless wreck." Wherepon he strode out to stills in* thoughts in the hotel. He was indeed a sony ivrerk, am by the able agency of bin two companions and a warmly uursuil bitk'i-- nees and despair, was fast sinking to the lowest level. The hotels had disgorged the low debauched, devil - may - care crowd. They stood in knots on the footpath* and in the roads, staggering here and there, swearing, quarrelling and fighting like heathens, creating a perfect Babel. They had only to open their mouths and the foul language would fall out. How many, let us think, of that dissipated mob were t'otber?iders, who had come to the West " stone broke," or *' stiff," and reached the tiulds of "swamptro," who had left their friends iu the East with many a promise to lead a steadier life, who perhaps were sending tender and re-assuring missives of their unimpeachable conduct. This night Coolgardie was receiving a remarkable visitation in a heavy downpour of rain. " What's this water ?" cried one with a face that would set your teeth on edge. " B.y tho Holy Ghost I haven't had a wash for the last forty four years," and divesting himself of his clothing, there and then revelled in a heavenly shower bath, whilst others followed his example. To be Continued. 