LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. LONDON. Dec. 4. The visit of the Piirtce and Princess of Wales and Princees Victoria to the Date and Duchess of Marlborough, at Blenheim Palace, is the principal event to be recorded as an incident of " society " within the last fortnight. In the first place it was of unusual duration, and,as the Princess of Wales rarely confers so high an honour, the presence of her Royal Highness raised the favour ex tended to the parvenue duchess to the ut most point of favour. Two shorter visits of the Princess and Princess to the Marquis and Marchioness of Londonderry, and to Mr. and Mrs. Willie James, respectively, were of course elaborately ^ronicled, but these social triumphs have Men eclipsed altogether by the Blenheim weet. I suppose the " fixtures " of royalty are ae immutable as the traditional laws of the Medes and Persians, and that mere sentiment, or even the '' appearances " by which we are warned not to "judge"(asif the general publiccould possibly have anything elBe to judge by) cannot be con sulted where those arrangements are con cerned ; but Borne surprise was felt and ex j pressed at the non-postponement of the visit for at least a few weeks in consequence of the death of Mrs. Vanderbilt, the grandmother of the Duchess of Marlborough, which took place only a few days before. The weather, generally an accomplished courtier when the Uueen is in question, did not exert itself on behalf of the host and hostess of the Heir .Apparent, and the arrival and fol lowing days were ' nasty." _ The fields and the roadp were in a condition which must 1 have made the shooting parties rather a per-1 funetory pleasure. There was a great deal 1 of parade about tbe entertainments, and a certain air of feudality was attained by the J grouping, in electric light, of the "people" of the palace and the vast estate. Every thing was on a scsle of tremendous magni ficence, and the large and distinguished house party had every opportunity of en joying themselves, including a concert, at which »Ibo a great gathering of 'the neighbourhood'' were afforded an opportunity of contemplating the assembly oi great folk and feasting their eyes on a dis play of jewels, which, to judge by the descrip tion of their profusion, might have been the entire stick of Sindb&a; s Valley of Diamonds looted for the occasion. An eye-witness in forms me that the dressing was "unsur passed, if not unequalled. The best-dressed women were, of course, the Princess and Lady Londonderry, each has perfect taste and the invaluable sense of suitability. " The Princess, who is fifty-two, looked about forty, and was in good spirits; her smiling affability seems inexhaustible, but she (aIke very little. She wore two or three magnificent gowns of neutral tints, but de corated with wonderful lace and jewels, but never looked over-dressed; there is an sir of refinement about her which is more attrac tive than any splendour. The American Duchess, who is excusable for a little intoxi cation with her unexampled position, and is a'so probably in the hands of ber dressmakers and her maids, is habitually over-dressed,and on this occasion was actually bedizened. It may have been de rigueur for ber not to wear mourning for hpr grandmother, but she can not have been bound by any law or conven tion to 1 ad hereelf with diamonds, rubies, emeralds, pearls, flowers, and feathers, until her slight figure, in satin, bordered now with sable, egain with chinchilla, and begirt, be-{ neeklaced, be-crowned, looked actually dragged down by its adornment. Really, as 6he walked about, with diamonds sparkling I out of her feather fan, great tufts of feathers i about ber gown, I hardly knew wlipre, and • diamond bracelets and bangles on her slender ' arms in a Hindoo-bride-like profusion, she ! euggPBted irresistibly the Alternate flicker I and flash of Willing's pendant advertisement- J i boards in the ralway stations. At thee ncert j she wore white velvet, trimmed with sable,; and a broad diamond belt, with one of her ! five or six (on dit) tiaras ; this costume was handsome in itself, but any dress that obscures the wearer is an error in art. Her grace's 'crown' is singularly unbecoming to her; indeed, the 'crown' tiara must be so; the form is adapted to the seated attitude, but to no other." Apropos of this Bound observation, I am told that the famous crown presented to 1 .Archduchies Marie Dorothde, DucheS?i d'Orleana, Ib hot only eo unbecoming to ft* : young duchess that she has relegated it tottaJ legendary tassel led cushion of last centa* royal-portrait art, but that it is "a stone of s stumbling." Such was the " sensitiveness1' ; of both Franoe and Belgium on the occasion ! of the visit of the " Pretender" and his bride to Brussels, when the newly-wedded pair r. ceired the homage of the royalists "beyond the frontier" that the Duohesse d'Orleani was advised not to wear the poesibly-oon,. Cromiaing crown at the grand dinner given y their Belgian Majesties. She acted on this saee counsei, and hn8 deeply mortified and offended the whole royalist party, who st« disposed to regard it as a retraction of the "brave words" of her address of thanks. But to return tor a moment to Blenheim, my oot respondent addB:—"The 'service' was in every respect fine, and the table decoration of superb orchids the moat effective I have ever seen." There is so much to be done in the way of inspection of objects of art and historic in terest combined, that I don't think a week at Blenheim could bore even the most brainless, One is accompanied by a vision of the gentle Sarah, "who never sat down in her chair without an oath, or got out of it withoot another," roiling voicelessly, in her character of ghost, at the lavish ness of these young ducal people, and the "mincing" manners of I he day. But she must have got rid of the sound family feeling that distinguished her in her mortal state, if she is not keenly alive tt> the value of the Vanderbilt dollars, and wholly indifferent to their origin. The "small and early" duke (os some bold wit has dubbed him) behaves very nicely. HeU not an imposing personage, but he is rather good-looking in an insignificant way. He has none of the intelligence in his countenance that redeemed the features of bis unfortu nate father and Lord Randolph, and his forte seems to be a safe mediocrity, the brilliant coupoi hismarriagenotwnbstandiiig. On the dny after the terminati on of the royal visit a fire broke out under the roof at, Blenheim Palace, which destroyed a portion of the ceiling of the saloon and a valuable seriei ot historical pictures of the campaigns of the great Duke. The money value is covered by insurance; the loss is, of course, irre parable. After the Christmas books, which ire numerous, and for the most part meritorious, come the Christ mas presents. These are wonderfully various, and in the more expensive kinds vie with the dtrcnncs of the Rue de la Pais. The meaning-month stone is come into fashion, and the jewellers' windows dieplay gold chain bracelets, with pendants of all the jewel t separately, and great numbers of the pearl chains that are again worn by young girls, and much przed as Christmas " boxes." | But I think the bonbon shops and the i toy emporiums are the prettiest of all, ! for the bird and flower devices in the : former and the animal and household fur ' niture tors in the latter are quite fascinat I ing. The dolls are marvellous. Waxwotk has reached the eminence of high art now. I am told that chi'd models are in great re quest, and that they are found in classes of society quite unsuspected. I do not sec any objection to anch an industry; the children employed would generally be too young to be "spoiled" by the practical tribute to their beauty. DoIIb dressed to repreBent stage heroines have long been familiar, but this season brings to its tuition of the young idea exquisitely- modelled waxen images « the divas of the-dramatic and lyric stage, each "in her habit as Bhe lives." I have seen only some of the Parisian specimens, but I have no doubt tiie ingenious invention has been extended to the stars of the Rnglish stage. There is a remarkable deficiency of girls' books among the Christmas literature. The reason is not fur to seek; there is next to nobody to write them. On the other hand, boys' books are plentiful and uncommonly good.. Mr. Hentys btsr. considered sb litera ture, is "At- Agincourt, a Tale of die White Hoods." The illuBtratotaare at tbeir beet; that branch of art. which a few years ago fell into so much disrepute, is flourishing ex ceedingly. The theatrical event of the hour is. the brilliant suooess of Miss BlizabethRobint at the Arenue Theatre with Ibsen's strange play "Little Byolf," which is being inter preted in so many different ways that it is likely to be lost sigbt of as a drama, in the more ocoult character of the enigma of the period. 1 have written of Miss Robins in thp early time of her efforts to secure a place for Ibsen on the English stage, and of ber own successful achievements in drama here, but of late I have had nothing to tell. The brilliant American actress, who electrified London by her performance of Heda Gabler, did not make Ibsen "catch on" six years sgo, but she never chancel her mind or abandoned her purpose, which was to get together an entirely competent company for the performance of the plays of the great Norse dramatist, whose friendship she bad acqnfted and whose languagt she had con quered. She baa had great difficulties to sur mount (among these were the absence and afterwards the illness of Miss Acliurch) and several disappointments to enooupter; but her perseveranoeia cow crowned bysncoer 'All London" fills the Avenue Theatre nig after night, and goes borne to disco bs ' iwardne true inwardness of the play and - of the actors. Miss Robins plays the second ary part of Asia—I presume your leaders know the much-discussed marriage failure * drama as well as we do" Here—ana plays it moat benutilully, with the pathetib simplicity and restrained power of which she is possessed in an extraordinary degree, and with the earnestness end refinement charac teristic of her both off and on thestage. Her rich and melodious voice and perfect intona tion surprise persons who do not distinguish between " Americans but Miss Robins comes from Florida, and has no more right than Bhe has inclination to speak with the accent of New York, or the p'easanter but i affected-sounding tone of Boston. The very latest American heiress who has become a potential peeress is Miss Violet Ciay, whose marriage with Lord Bingham, the Earl of Lucan's eldest son, is one oI the "events" of the day. The wedding was splendid, the presents were very,numerous and valuable, and the nationality of the bridegroom wtts recognised in a manner which, I am told, is to " set the fashion " for . a least the winter season. The bridesmaids' costumes of white Irish poplin attracted ! much admiration, and that rather "strug gling "fabric, which Royalty and vice-royalty have long paf< nised without distinguished euccss, is likely to get a good chance now. j The new president of the Royal Academy is " everybody's choice." I do not think a more fortunate selection could have been! made than that of the gpmteronn who is now Sir Edward Poynter. He is essentially a " learned " artist, and he believes in study. That he will keep up and even elevate the status of Royal Academy cannot lie doubted. The wife of the president, we have recently been informed, has no obligatory social functions to fulfil; but as Lady Poynter, who is sister to LadyMfume-Jones, and aunt to Mr. lludyard Kipling, is a very beautiful and popular person, it miy be concluded that she wi'I add considerably to the eclat of her distinguished husband's position. 