WIT AND HUMOR. After the play,-" Well, dear, what do you think ot it ?" " Oh, its as broad as it's long." " She says she's 25, biut she's 35. I can read it between the lines." " What lines ?" " Those on her face." Editor : " You said these jokes were all original ?', Scribble: " Yes, sir." Editor: With whom ? Methuselah ?" " Can you tell me where I can find the poet oflice- sir 7" said a stranger to Mr. Trnvvet. "Gracious I" replied Mr. Triv vett, I didii't know it was lost.' Houlshan (to Kerrigan, who has been blown up in a powder mill) : '' Are yez, resigned, Kerrigan, No; oe'm discharged bad cees to it." Householder.: " Hi, there I What do you wdiit ?" Tramp : " Nothiii'." House holder: " Tnen why are you hanging about here 9" Tramp : " This is where I always gets .it." SThere's one thing about this, madam," said the grocers. " It saves backache," " Saves it ? Mercy l said the practical woman, "'Whowants to save backache? I'd rather squander mine." Ready to prove: it.-Doubtful Indi vidual: " That snake don't ameas're no six feet long." Showman : " My friend here's a tape line, and the case is not locked. and if you have any doubts, just reach right in Lnd measure the reptile." Riotous Realism.- I painted a winter scene the other day that' was so true to nature that the'thermometer in mcy studio fell 20 degrees." Humph l that's nothihig. I paiPt@d a portrait sf old Brown last yearthat was po lifelike that I had to shave it regularly, Scene: A social gathering in a univer sity town. Two fdrlorn youths (an academic senior and a divinity siudent) visibly unemployed upon the outskirts; Kind hearted hostess introduces them to each other, "Mr. Brown, I muist isake you acquainted with" MIr. Green. '. Mr. Brown is a-a theologue, and Mr. Green is an epidemic." To much.- Sprightleigh : " Hullo, old man, what are you -moping about ? Why aren't you' dancing?" Fauxpas : To avoid entanglements." Spright leigh: " I didn't know you were so de sirable." Fauxpas: " Huh I l'm not. Fact is, first dance I had, I caught my foot in my partner's dress and ripped a mile or two of trinimuing off it ; next time some awkward fqol tripped igo, and we both we}t dy on o pu!r i?lgds n? liinees opposite paeh gthpr, ao though we were barking at eelh other i and the last I caught my Cuff button iin Miss Fluffy's hair, and it took me an hour to get loose. Next time I dance, it'll be a ghost dance." Sad.-" what are you crying about May ?" " Muvver said she'd div me a penny but she hasn't." " But why did't she ?" "'Cause I couldn't div her change for half-a-sovereign." Disgraced.-Ole Kix : ' You nungrate fil scamp. Did I send you to school to while away your time, and to fail as you have dbne ?" Young Kix : " Father bor give me. I tried hard"to kick the goa!. but the wihd was against me, and the ball fell two feet short." 