A Woman's Letter. M r.i.nor km;. Mav i toadyism can go is aptly illustrated by the donations of meat and wine, from the colonies, about to be distributed to the London poor on the 22nd of June, if the Princess of Whales wants to stuff all London for a week, why not let her do it on her own? Let the poor of London be fed bv London," and the sheep and bullocks who are kicking holes in their owners' pockets be portioned _ out amongst the poorer classes of our j j j j j | | ; ; j : , ; ; own cities. We hear enough about charity beginning at home, but that, it appears, is only in the abstract. As regards the wine, the Herritishers are welcome to that— and the tummy aches consequent upon the free use thereof—more especially as the denizens of the "blarsted kawlinies" prefer whisky and beer to get tight on rather than gooseberry juice. Moreover, there is always a sufficiency of people who get boozed in a spirit of loyalty to themselves, without the help of charitv. What a lot of drunks throughout the British possessions Her Gracious will be held responsible for during the forthcoming celebrations. In all the crowded police courts there will be but one excuse the memorable occasion; and the beak—who perhaps was bitten by the same dorg—will, no doubt, have a fellow feeling for the drinkey culprits, and discharge most of 'em with a caution. Many cyclists take a delight in riding up silently behind a pedestrian and then at the last moment ringing out a sudden peal, which to the nervous sounds like the last I trump. To judge from the absorbed look on the cyclist's iace in a crowded thoroughfare, he pretends he has his work cut out to manage his tierv steed without attending to his tintinabulatory duties. How would it be to oblige all bikers to carry jingling bells, slung around their necks after the manner of wandering camels, in order to make i known their whereabouts to an unsuspecting public ? I may as well tell you that the proximity of an ; ardent cyclist at a restaurant table is a thing to be shunned bv the knowing, not from his innate cussedness alone, but on account of the i ; violent exercise he has taken, plac- I ; ing him and his unappreciative ; | i neighbors in a sort of vapor bath, l'f indulged in for any length of time ! it is warranted to take one's feathers ; and one's fringe completely out of ; curl. ! The Chinks had a slap up holiday ' in Lillie Bok St. while the strike ; was on. There were heaps of Johns ; blocking up the narrow way—not the straight and narrow way that leadeth to Glory Hallelujah—discussing in their own jibber jabber the latest lottery and the Romance of the Gimcrack Furniture Trade. Many snoozled in the fragrant opium dens, and others more healthily disposed cavorted around the city on knock-'em-downs. Fan- | tan was all the go, and though the y allow boy takes his pleasures i coolly, the gambling hells drove a ; furious trade. On being com- | pletely stumped for something "new" j in the way of copy, I once repaired j —in company with a stalwart police- I man and a fat note-book—to the ' largest and most commodious opium ; den in town : it was an experience : not easily forgotten. The atmos- : pbere was sickening, and through the nauseating!)' perhimeu smoke . I could faulty descry, stretched i out in •• a un- | ' ! ; : ' like those on board ships, dozens of Celestials, all more or less under the influence of the soothing drug. Among the temporarily beatified creatures were several European girls, quite voting, and some of them extremely pretty. The faces of all wore the same contented expression, a dull, placid look', not unlike that of a well-fed cow when chewing the cud. Robert and 1 declined the invitation of the oily proprietor—who seemed to know Bob well - to have a pipe, and as a personal acquaintance with paradise just then would not have brightened my receptive faculties, I was not taking any. 1 never heard encomiums passed on the salubrity of Lillie Bok street, but after the sickly fluid that passes for air in an opium den, its atmosphere appeared to rival that of any vaunted fashionable health resort. A wealth.y squatteress, who many years ago wedded a youth much younger than her own sons—the happy man forthwith eloped with her young lady companion and /"30,000—-has started to ride a bike. She weighs nearly 18 stone, and at one of her stations in the Western district got a buster, put her shoulder out, and telegraphed to town for two sawbones to come and put it in again. The same lady once roused Max O'Rell's bile, and put him off his tucker for a week, by wearing a flaming orange silk dress, backed up by a plentiful wig and accessories, at the Cup. More grovel—a fashionable sculptor, who has perpetrated many abominations in the so-called art centres of Melb., has perpetrated many busts, medallions and statues of Her Gracious, designed—for a consideration—to ornament the ancestral halls of our own loyal tufthunters and lick-spittles. What will the nicest of Horstralia do when they have only one bright particular star to bow down to and worship ? All the grovel that has in the past been showered over the several Guvment 'ouses will be then concentrated upon one miserable vice- regal shop, Alas ! Then there will be but one happy man coming out here at a time for the purpose of getting his daughters off the hooks. Like the good St. Anthony, Gov. Brassey has his optic hrmly fixed upon the situation, and though Hopetoun did put his name down at the registry office for the billet, if it came to a toss up between the two the poker and starch regime would yield precedence to the more popular sovereignty of the little fat man. " 'E's one of the people ; 'e's one of litis." as 1 heard a blue- aproned sausage machine proprietor affirm. The unoccupied mansions of the departed oligarchy, instead of being given over to the rats, and haunted by the ghosts of forgotten splendors, might be profitably turned into baby farms ; and the gilded halls that once re-echoed with courtesan merriment would resound with the sweet nocturnal serenades of musically inclined infants. Mrs. • Charity Clarke and her devoted satellites still raking in the boodle for the Victoria Hospital. These brigades of fair collectors are nicknamed " The Daughters of Nimshi," inasmuch as they drive (a canvass) furiously: quite a return to the primeval days of Ned Kelly, " Hands up : your money or your life." To prevent cases of mistaken identity it would be as well for the future to have some distinctive ; indestructible mark affixed to your : false teeth when ordering them, so ; that if you happened to get roasted 1 alive or anything pleasant of that i sort and disfigured beyond recognition, vour dentist would be able to come'forward and twig you. Weepful relatives would then have the mournful pleasure of dobbing a " slab of granite so grey" on top or all that remains of you, and your stiff would -ive hanrw ever after. A great peculiarity expressive of the degree of sorrow for a dear departed lies m the size and weight of the tombstone erected to his memory, viz.. if your pretty rich widow lias her eye on No. 2 before von peg out and wants to get hitched up again slick, she will probably order four angels, each weighing several tons, to sit on you, learing that when you: best friend steps into your shoe- and hangs up his hat, you might not be satisfied with merely " turning in your grave." but might resurrect and create ructions. Things ought to be a bit lively now that women are admitted to practice as barristers and solicitors in the supreme court. When a fascinating young hubby - poisoner, defended by a charming barristeress in an elegant Parisian horse-hair wig, is being tried by a jury where every male-thing over 28 has been thrown out by judicious challenging, what chance lias a. hard-hearted Crown Prosecutor against his learned sister 011 the other side ?" The rates for carrying bicycles are now so reasonable that a smart lot of cyclists fake their mounts over the water and on the return journey fill the pneumatic tyres with tobacco, lace. cigars, and even spirits in flask's specially made concave. Why is it that people— specially women—always consider the government, railways, and most of all the customs, fair game? Toffs of society women dodge the wily customs' officials and many are the contraband sealskins, perfumes, rouge, gloves, See., doing the block regularly. Wilkie Collins got mad with his publisher because the latter wanted to cut out two " damns" in his last book. Wilkie referred him to Scott and Dickens — writers considered immaculate in the matter of oropnety. In short he said. I'm ;; damned if I takeout one damn '" Hallelujah ! the Salvation annv to the fore. Quite recently they spent £\5,000 in preparing for the establishment in Vic. of three institutions, the Bayswater farm. a maternity hospital at Clifton Hill, and a workmen's metropole in A1 elbourne. In the women's rescue department 864 girls have been admitted to the homes ; in the maternity hospital 247 girls and 159 children have been taken in and attended to. There is no clou! t the 11 army does a vast amount of good, but it is a terrible nuisance ail the same. With the abolishment of tin trumpets, brass bands, tambourines and hymns it: would be a perfect institution, but this is a proposition destined never to be realised. Yours ever, Topsy Tothk ..siDE. 