THE SKETCHES. SMALL EVENTS ON A BIG JOURNEY.-No. XIX. BY Gr. FLECKER. SWITZERLAND. T IT** vfAwvf «w«11 U~ l-U . I was vary well received by the hoteliers in Switzerland, and enjoyed often their company, i I learned that the constant improvements aud superior aocomino latiou otfarod by the latent hotels make hotelkecping very difficult and rather costly; so I asked them on one occasion if their ultra- dcmooratic Parliament does not help them by giving them a certain monopoly or by refusing other licenoee or by closing some other hotels. " What," said my friend, " makes you think of such an absurd proposition?" "There is nothing absurd about it," said I. "About, twenty years ago the hotelier in tho colonies was in tho same way harassed; anybody could put up a hotel, till hotelkeeping became a real hard trade to make a liviug at. Ttiey formed an Associa tion and thought on the best means to secure a living, _ A very clever fellow suggested the formation of an Anti-hotel Society, win oh was later balled Anti-liquor or (falsely) Tempe rancoSociety. Nothing like having to fight an opponent. The clergy, always at hand to help the unfortunate, joinod the Society, whoso first aim was to stop building more hotels, and the next to close tho poorer class so- as to give tho struggling richer class of hotels a bolter chance to live in comfort. Like every other reform it met with great opposition and with ridicule, but one clover ielfow picked quietjy up a few women, and enoouraged them to join the Society and make feeling speeches against the evil of drinking, against tho driuk traffic, and personalty" against the hoteliers, whoso faoes were as olaok as ink, and whose hcart3as hard as inotal. At first that Association was nearly _ killed with ridicule, till a few otherwise empty - headed fellows saw a splendid opportunity by its moans to onter society and' Parliament. Thoy took up the cry against liquour, they stood shedding tears for tho unfortunate, and mostly succeeded in getting a billet in Parliament. Here thoy made speeches on every occasion, in season and out of season, against the hotelier, who goes there by tho horrid name of 'publican;' although tho latter has nothing to do with the stupid fellow who spends his money in some drinkshops, which thoy call with thesamo title as that of tho legitimate hotel-keeper, whose business is harassed by insulting laws, but at the samo timo he is guarded against unrluo competition. That is all our fellows wanted." Tho Swiss asked me what was tho effect on tho drink traffic. " I cannot say," I replied. " that it is diminished; ttieTreasurer seems to bo satisfied with tho Customs duties, which are not lighter, and tho brewers don't complain. Drinking is dono in a more quiet way, but for tho last twenty years no hotel has boon built, and the present holders of licences have for this to thank the gentlewomen, who are still keeping up the agitation." "But," naid my friend, " whore shall I get the ladies to form Societies and to speak at meetings?" " Well," said I, "you may arrange to import some, or in their absenco start with gentlemen. Thoy some times play ladies' parts." So I loft him, and I think ho is going to propose tho idea to his Association. Besides rising early and ascending some mountain tlioro is no amusement in Switzer land worth mentioning, but you can look at the mountains, you can asccnd thorn by all sorts of vehicles, and you generally get _ tired and deep soundly. I did that conscientiously for a few days and then loft for Zug, a beau tiful spot on the lake of the samo name, and the capital of ono of tho smallest cantons, llcnco I intended visiting the two most fre quented favourites in the mountain line-tho Rigi and tho Pilatus. I picked tho first to (start with. The railway to Riga is one of tho boldest constructions you can imagino. On certain parts it Booms that tho whole system is hanging. The ascent varies from ono in six to one in four. You cross a small viaduct, just as vou might go 011 a staircase, over a precipice of thousands of feet, and you are always thinking how tho deuce did thoy fix the rails on. It is quite amazing to observe the curves. All at oneo you see a hilly patch, a hut, and a few cows, and you think you are in Dreamland. Then you reach the Rigi Kaltbath station, a health resort, and you notice a lake to tho riirht, a lake to the left, and in the front a little higher the Vierstiidt Lake. Tho ongino brought us up to another little station before we roaohed Rigi Kulm, and then the sun set; but unfortunately heavy clouds were hanging, HO that we could not see the raro spectacle. Wo arrived in Rigi Kulm about 8 o'clock in tho evening, and after we had ascended another hundred feet a portor mot us. took charge of our scanty goods and chattels, and led us to a very commodious hotel. WI weio now over 5,00fl ft. above tho lako, aud had to go up three staircases to reach our bodrooin, whore icy and frosty air wont through our bones, although it wan the height of the summer, and of course wo had left our ovcrcoats in Zug. However, we got warmer by looking-upa parlour where a nice fire was burning. Tho bell rang, and about ;>00 people sat down to a fairly good dinner, after which wo looked round at our neighbours, _ tho majority of whom wore. English or American, with a good number of French and a sprink ling of Germans-all fashions, all tongues, and ali costumes; all tired, and .ail-went to bod ! At about 5 o'clock next morning tho Alphorn blow, and I was the first to jump out of bid-an operation I bad not performed for many years. 1 just wanted to take tho blanket from my bed when my eye mot with the remarkable notice!-" Passengers are not allowed to talto any blankets." The air was bitterly cold, but I had to leave the blanket. I wont straight to the porter with a hearty smile and some thing between my fingers. He received mo vory kindly and gave m>: the de-tired cloth, which f w.uited very badly, becausc snow w as falling outside and cold air pa^ed through tho passages. I was rather delighted to sco tho snow, which I had not seen beforo for many years. Unfortunately it did not stop on me but melted. Moving a little furtiinr outside the hotel T met the strangest company. Most of tho ladioa had their husbands' overcoats on, and tho freezing gontlomon hay rugs, or apparel belonging to their wives »nd sisters. It was rather dark, and wo. wanderod about for a while, mid went up to a little platform which the hotelier provided, thinking to add a few feet rooro to tho 5,000 or (»,0;)f> of the natural elevation. All at once, on tho furthest horizon, was seen a yellow stripe, which divided the grey on tho .sky. After a few more minutes a whito stripe cut the sky, indicating some light in tho farthest distance, and then r.lowly disap peared. Tho horn whs blowing, tho |>eopJo were moving, and everything around womed ntiiv hop'jlesslv grey-the ^ky, tho hills, and tho valleys. The latt<r WIT-- fiiie i with a milky substance, which In iked like clouds going through a still, and I waited with groat, ^anxiety for, the appearance of the sun. _ But nothing tjapponod for.a wbilo. By-' and-by. however, a ray of Jigbfc «uddohly broke through the olouds and formed another stripe on tho far horizon. Gradually it acquired more colour, a rowing red and redder, then pale, and paler; then it played in two colours for a few seconds, and then oamft a oloud, and every thing war quiet again.' In the moantime all 1 the inhabitants of the hotol assembled and hushed about like ghosts, fearing that the sun misfht get shy and not appear; but after a whue a faint light broke through the clouds, and everybody seemed to be full of hope for a good show. But, alas! the gloom came again and covered tho light-rays, and we saw clearly ' that the tussle between the j light and the clouds was becoming I earnest. A cloud, a glimpse of light, j another cloud, and for a part of a second a corner of the fireball appeared, when a power ful cloud covered the whole scene, and the tight was at an end. The clouds had won the j day. Slowly came daylight, but tho sun stopped stubbornly behind the clouds. We left the zenith of the mountain quite dis couraged. Cold and dismal did we turn back to the hotel, looking for a cup of tea. It was 0 o clock when we arrived in our nest, whore we tried hard to get a few hundred winks, but excitement and forlorn hope would not allow us to sleep, and so we soofl got up again. We tried our luck at 8 o'clock for a second-class view, but we found the same old clouds, without a sun. and madB :up our minds to leave this sublime spot after breakfast. People who know gave up all hopa for tho day, and at 10 o'clook We loft Rigt Kulm for Zug, "and then with tho next boat to Lucerne, the capital of the same named canton, one of tho nicest spots Naturo provided for us, and a special favourite with all Englishmen. The principal resort of Lucerne is Iloheweg, an avenue of walnuts, The hotels are large and perfect. Tho groat popular'peaks, the Jungfrau and othero, are before one s oyes, for Luccrne lies between tho giant mountains of Switzerland. Wo went to the Schwfei/.orhof, 0ne j ^10 larf?° and beautiful hotels, and had a great go at the meals and the bad wines which they aro trj'ing to throw on your throats, hut in vain. I preferred even the bad boor. ? Wo made a slight attempt to enjoy city amusements, but wero told'that it was no use, as tho people would not go to see anything except it was as high as tho Young Frau or St. Gothard. So after looking again at tfioso majestic mountains wo loft the next day for Intorlaken, and one of the most charming spots on Gods' earth. It has tho samo class of surroundings and the samo class of mountains, but offers moro excursions than Lucerne. Out of tho multitude of side trips we picked the excur sion to Grindolwald. We made the drive in a small country trap, and once in Grindehvald wo mounted two horses and wont straight to tho glaciers-I think they call them upper glaciers. At a very small wooden bridge over a docp gully a professional made some wonder ful shots and produced a chorus of echoes. A little further a Swiss blow the horn and showed us what lie can do in the blowing line. Then another half an hour brought us up to another hut where wo drank that horrible stuff called Swiss wino, and a quarter of an hour later wo shook our feet on a genuine glacier. It was not washed, and loo Iced a dirty eroy. 1 had a pair of thin shoes and felt the ice under my feet very keenly, but I. wont on for a whilo. Presently I entered an artificial ice grotto, about Jo') ft. long, but rotnrncd quicker than I 1 wont in. Then t was invited Very heartily by I our guide to cross tho glacier ntid come down ! in another direction, hut declined the great , honour, which my young friend accepted. | Back at CJrindclwald wo drove to Another celebrated shore. Tho drive toon us through I another gully, whoro wo passed a good-sizod farm, and where Swiss milk is made wholesale. Then wo went to see the Staubfaii, & small waterfall dropping from a considerable height, whoro tho water falls in dust foam. 1 There aro scores of important excursions to the Alps, but I was not ambitious to run any risk, and I had no tiino to mako thorn. Switzerland is actually a great elevator of small thoughts-nothing is small, nothing prosaic, everything gigantic, everything sublime; Naturo .seems to hold all her trumps in that little, but very important, piece of land. I mado great friends with those big mountains, but even tho best of friends must part. I left mountainous Switzerland with tho promise in my heart to come again and spend a whole aumtnor amongst those favourite hills and guJlios, waterfalls, and mountain railways. My next journey was to Berne, whoro I tried to get some political information, but Parlia ment was closed, and we could only seethe building and have a glimpse into the hall, where the model Constitution is practised, and I thought the Constitution might ho a model of political thought and the result of practical experiments of many centuries; but to convert thoip parochial institution to large States would be just as idle as to transplant tropical plants intoSwitzerland, which, from an agri cultural point of viow, gives the impression of being a poor country, although there in a big capital in the mountains and m the genial beauty of the placo. Wo made a tour through tho town, which has, unlike the other places in Switzerland, curiosities outside the mountains. Tho emblem of l'.erno is a bear, and you see him every where-in the street, on the fountains, in all positions, and in all uniforms. You seo him with a ft word, with a holniet, on tho top of a clock, marching with his brother-boars in procession, just before tho hour strikes. In fact the bear is everywhere-I don't know if he is repre sented in Parliament, which was closed, as I havo myntioned. There was, however, a very serious dispute between the German and Italian part of the population. This was not fought out in the Legislature with tongues, but outside with blows, and there is still a bitter feclins between them-in spito of the model Constitution of federated Swiss. By and-bv we found ourselves in Geneva, at which we stopped for tho sake of its exhibition, tho fifth wo have soon (faring tho last two months. After visiting tho town and admiring tho beautiful bridges over the Rhone and tho Quai Mount l»1anc, a grand promenade, we went to seo the English Garden, but found very little Lngksh, but beautiful cafes and fountains, fleneva is tho only uiaco in Switzerland where mountains and special scencry have to giro way to city life of some note. ISj'it the groat order of the day was the Lxhibilion, and-there we went. Jfc was a really nice and charac teristic show. The grounds v/ore particu larly well laid out, tho buildings all in Swiss stylo, and woodcarvings, high gables' anil chimneys wero everywhere. It was the only Inhibition I saw where everyday merchandise was not prominent, and where wero shown only characteristic productions of the land, such as Swiis or Geneva watches in all sizes, from that of a child's head to that of a big j>ca, ar.d in all forms. There wero also social S wiss w<iodcarving works, products in silk, and tho famon* laces. It was, at. that Exhibition whete 1 saw tho Automatic Vic toria, but T r on Id not n.ovr- tho exhibit-r to I make her perform h'-r duty as a veb: 1-, ;,o J did not buy one ' for Ad'^h.ide. J Wfi'-u I was in Horim at the Txhi . bltipn ,the display of the human inou> bnitor was prohibited by the' authorities but the prohibition woe can celled, after. we left Berlin. In Geneva I saw the same kind of exhibit. Prematurely born or extraordi narily weak or email children, who otherwise woula not live more than a few. hours or a'fenr days, are kept alive and put under an appa ratus which from outside looks like a_ email meatsafe .with a kind of tub or chimney. Through a pipe air of an even temperature ia admitted. In that safe you Bee a tiny baby' I>ing on a tiny little mattress on which a small pillow is thrown as a resting-piice for the miniature head. The infant is covered with a blanket. Every hour this mite, whioh looks like a moving doll, is taken out by a 11ur.se, and fed and then replacod. There were six machines standing side by side, and two nurses were present.. A doctor is also at hand to bo consulted if anything goes wrong. The sight of this arrangement is anything but pleasant, but the attendant told us that; about 30 per cent, of these mites are saved. I I was glad to have Been the apparatus, as the | time may oomewhen the colonies will liavo to ' keep such an institution going if they will continue to put difficulties in the way of immigration. Franco with its two-ohildron system is already beginning to feel the neces sity of keeping up its numerical etiength, because Germany is increasing, while the French nation is decreasing. Leon Say said on one occasion that Francois losing every day a battle, while Germany with its ne>ver too-many-children evfttoru is gaining one. Geneva, like all theothorSwissciticB, had very . little attractions for a moralist, so after having; seen tho Exhibition again I left for the land , of the gods-Italy 1 