WHOSO F1NDETH A ,; WIFE. By WILLIAM Le QUEUX, Author of 'The Great War in England in 1897,' 'Zoraida,' -' Stolen Souls,' 'Guilty Bonds, 1 'ASeoret Service,' &C;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the 'author. -All rights reserved.] Chapter XXI. — In Kensington Gardens. On our return home in the early hours Ella sat before' the fire in her cosv boudoir, her opera cape still about her shoulde'rs, resting her tired head upon a cushion and staring thoughtfully into the dying embers, while I lonnged near smoking a final cigarette. Times out of num- ' ber I tried to account for the Earl's agitation when he had encountered her. It was evident they were not strangers, althoueh when I had introduced them he created her with studied courtesy. There were, I remembered, many suspicious incidents connected with her as yet unexplained, nevertheless, from that memorable evening when Dudley and I had dined at the Nook and we had become reconciled, I had never doubted that she loved me. Perhaps I had been foolish, I told myself. I ought to have obtained lull explauation of the several circumstances that, had caused me such un easiness before marriage, yet I had abandoned all active effort to ascertain the truth because jof the intensity of my passion. Her beauty 'toad captivated me j her voice held me spell- ' bound,- and because I loved her I could not bring myself to suspect her. For a long time fene sat reflecting gravely upon the events of the evening, then, shivering slightly,,rose and went to her room, leaving me alone to pouder over her sudden seriousness. _ Sometimes a slight shadow, of suspicion would flit across my mind as it often had on ?finding her absent, yet when she spoke cares singly to me I at once found myself laughing iat the foolishness of my thoughts, basking in .the sun of her brilliant beauty, heedless and content. Prior to our marriage 1 had bce.n madly jealous of every slight attention paid to her by one of my own sex of whatever a^1, l;ut now, . recoguiBiiiT how marvellously fair she was and that wherever she went she Ix.-caijie the centre of attraction, J. was iro longer anjry with any of our guests who paid court to her. Beck dined with us frequently, always cay ;;iid amusing, while once or twica yerb.Jir.isloutch had also accepted our invitation and uv.itcd Ella with the courtliness of the polished diplo matist. I did not iuvito tho latcor often because of her antipathy towards him. \Vi:cji, after his first visit, I had asked her wiiii: ^ho thought of him, she had replied — 'There is something about him I don't like, dearest. 1 cannot explain what it is. Perhaps it is his excessive politeness, or it may be his profuse flattery that boras me ; nevertheless, I seem to have a feeling that' I ought to avoid him.' 'He's one of the best gf follows, darling,' I said, laughing at her mi.-sgivin-fs. ' In my bachelor days we were very cio-e f'rieuds-.1' 'I don't like him,' sue auav\urud frankly. ' I hate all Russians.' 'I thought you said once you would like to go to Russia.' ' Yes, I am anxious to see the country, but the Russians I have met I have always de tested,' she 6aid, adciiug with Bwi.-iiisiiess, 'now that I ani your ' wife I may s-ptak plainly, may I not?' ' Oi course, darling. ' _,. 'Then, in your own interests, promise ml to avoid Paul Verbiiouduvilcii as huicii as possible.' ' Why ?' I asked, surprised. 'Because — weli,' blie answered in hesita tion; 'because i have som« curious inexplic able feeling that he is noc j'our friend.' Thun it occurred to me that they had been sitting together that evening in a cosy corner in the drawing-mom, deep in conversation, and it might be that Paul had uttered some compliments meant to be polite but whicti t!j9 had misconstrued into flirtation. In that case it was only natural ti.at, loving me so tiei-piy as she did, she should warn me that Paul was not my friend. 'Iu what way do you suspect him of being my enemy ?' I enquired. 'He is untrustworthy,' she replied, an an swer that tended to confirm my supposition. On several other occasions I laughed at her fears, but she always made the same reply, that she believed he was not straightforward, and oven went so far as to ask me not to in vite him to our house in future. This caused me some little annoyance, lor of all uieu Paul Verblioudovitch was one of my most valued friends, and further, while she had conceived a violent dislike towards him, she nevertheless allowed herself to be flattered by the man of whom I had once been madiy jealous, An drew Beck. Thus the early days of our married life pro ceeded, blissful and full of love, but with one tiny cloud of mystery that, although growing no larger, still cast its ominous shadow ever between us. Sometimes when alone 1 pon dered deeply, wondering whether my confi dence had after all been ill-placed, puzzled over one or two incidents such as 1 have already described. Trifling as they were in themselves they nevertheless caused me much uneasiness, yet when Ella entered, bright and radiant, greeting me with an affectionate care.vs, 1 could not doubt her. I knew that, however sus picious ber actions might appear iu my eyes, she loved me honestly with a passiou' aa tierce and uncontrollable as my own. Meanwhile Renouf, who explained his ab sence on the night of the Embassy ball to Ella's complete satisfaction, still continued to remain in service at Pont-street, and each time we dined there he hovered about us noiselessly and ever watchful like a spirit of evil. When our eyes met I saw in his a coid glance of con temptuous triumph, for he had already seen that I feared to denounce him for Paul's sake and he was pursuing his mysterious investiga tions, whatever they were, without let or hin drance. Mrs. Laing, sighing as stout ladies will, was always loud in his praise, declaring him to lie the most steady and attentive ser vant that had ever been in her service, while Ella expressed a wish that we could meet with a man possessed of similar virtues. A dozen times I longed to take my wife and her mother into my confidence, but dared not, for the silence imposed upon me was absolutely imperative. One day early in January I had received a : message from Lord Warnham to call at his house in Berkeley-square, but when I arrived found a notfe Btating that he had been com pelled unexpectedly to go down to Lord May bury's seat in Hertfordshire to consult him. Therefore I left, and it being a cold but invigo rating afternoon I resolved to walk home. Proceeding along Piccadilly and Knightebrid^a £ I skirted the Park and entering Kensington^ - Gardens by the Alexandra Gate, jetrojieii1;: towards Kensington in the full enjoyment of A;: cigar. Ella had, I knew, gpneV«Ss|E^!fl street, her mother being «»l^erJ=j^nww.T8 therefore I walked leisurely- toenisi^.^iBi: leafless, smoke-blackened tret* ;;Tte iBbort . gloomy day was now fas) drawing *P a oloBe, ; and with the falling Vtoptn L*^£ *?°h'a2 sprung up whistling mourirfuUy.thro!ig_h.that bare branches, t»ueiner% fe*^^1^^.: collar jind draw on ?: ;;nvy j&ovph; . \%W&j;&&- niyseiraloie, for at^^Woqk : *n , wra%*he^ place L^^di^e^^^flavtel^gg OnPRn'B Gate I was/»pp.K)apt)ing toe tirpm .?,; gSl%«r|tg)*d:by two^ttre**; '? i'. strolling ^slowly together in front of me, a man i and a woman. Atfirst I took no heed and would ... . in aJEew moments have overtaken them, when it ocourred to ino that the silhouette of the woman was familiar even in the dusk. Again I looked and noticed that she was fashionably dressed in a dark- brown tailor made gown, a sealskin cape, and a close-fitting hat. Next second I realised the amazing truth. ? The woman walking before me was Ella. Her companion, «T tall broad-shouldered young man, wore a long drab overcoat of distinctly 'horsey' cut, a silk hat of the latest shape, and displayed a good deal of ebirfceuff. He' was evidently » fop and his whole exterior, from his varnished boots to the velvet cuffs of his overcoat, pronounced him to be a cad. Leisurely he strode by her side smoking a cigarette and earnest in conversa tion, now and then emphasising his words by striking the palm of one gloved hand with his fist. \ Once, as I dogged their footsteps my teeth clenched in fierce anger, I heard her give vent to a rippling peal of laughter that echoed among the black, gaunt tree-trunka _ I knew by that laugh she was tantalising him. My first impulse was to rush up to them and demand an explanation, but my second thought had been to nold my anger in control and ascertain the true extent of her perfidy. Was not this the second time I liad detected Ella walking alone with a man in loverlike at titude ? I loved her with all my heart and had believed implicitly that she reciprocated my affection, yet here, in this single moment, the cup of happiness was dashed from my lips. I knew I had been the victim of base deception. While I, fool that I had been, had fondly imagined that she loved me, she had abandoned all self-respect and allowed herself to walk in a public garden with a chance-met acquaintance. Sonia's ominous words recurred to me and I saw how I bad been tricked and betrayed. The pretty refugee was right, notwithstanding the denunciations of the diplomatist and the spy, both of whom had some motive in dis crediting her statements. With eager cyea and heavy heart I followed the pair cautiously, fearing each moment lest either should turn and detect my presence. Apparently they were too deeply engrossed in each other's talk, which, although carried on in a tone so low that I could catch no single word, seemed scarcely of an amatory nature, judging from the man's gestures. To me it appeared rather if he were urging her to do something from which she shrank. Once while ho spoke she stopped short and stretched out both hands towards him in an attitude of sup plication. But he did not heed her, for, giving vent to a low laugh, he continued, emphasis ing his words as before. Then, clenching her hands, she stamped her foot in anger, and, tossing her head in contempt, walked forward again heedless of her companion's threatening attitude. From that moment both grew calmer, for the man uttering1 words of forgiveness snatched up her hand and imprinted a kiss upon it. For a brief second she allowed her hand to linger in his grasp, then withdrew it gently but fiiraly, regarding him with earnestness the while. This action aroused my anger to a fierce, murderous hatred. With difficulty I managed to preserve an outward calm, because in my state of wind, I felt compelled to watch and wait. Yet, if I had had a weapon ready to my hand at that moment I verily believe tbat I iiiust have thrown myself upon this arrogant cad and mercilessly killed him. The manner in which his hat was set upon his head, slightly askew, in the manner of the London ''Arry,' and his over-burdening man nerism were in themselves sufficient to show the type of lover my wife cultivated. As I stepped softly behind them in the gloom I told myself that she must leave my house that night or I should. I felt in my throat a choking sensation, for I had loved her so fervently that this discovery of hor falseness h&d; utterly un nerved me, and even in those moments of fierce anger and hatred I confess that tears welled in my eyes. Ella was the only woman I had ever ? loved', yet she who had taken her marriage vows only a few short months before had already discarded me for this over-dressed idiot, who would be termed in vulgar parlance a 'bounder.' Perhaps he did not know her to be married. This thought took possession of me. When their quarrel ended it became manifest that Ella herself was endeavoring to-fascinate and hold him, just as she had charmed me by the softness of her speech, her exquisite grace, and her wonderful beauty. She spoke quietly with her dainty finger tips laid lightly upon his arm, while he listened, gazing earnestly into her facs enchanted. To-night I told myself the bonds uniting me -^ to Ella should be for ever severed. I remem bered the many occasions when she bad been absent visiting imaginary friends ; I recollected the evening she brought home the violets and ? preserved them carefully in water until they smelt so faint that she was compelled to throw thenxawny ; I had not forgotten the fact that blades of grass did not grow in the squalid overcrowded streets of modern Oamberwell. I glanced arouud at the grass on every side. Perhaps she frequented that place and took clandestine walks daily with her lover beneath those leafless trees. The thought provoked my bitter hatred and I know not how I ' refrained from facing the pair. I managed, however, to hold myself back, watching them exchange a tender farewell at the gate that led into Kensington High-street next the Palace Hotel, and while the man raised his hat poiitely and, turning, walked away in the direction of Knightsbridge, Ella, her face radiant and , happy, bowed and set out homeward in the opposite direction. '.Beneath the lamp in the gateway I had in ^ those brief seconds obtained a glimpse of his 'face, It was that of a young man of about two-and-twenty, with strongly-marked features, fair- haired, and of quite a different type than I had conjectured. The features were rather refined, by no means those of a cad, but rather those of a well- bred young idler, who affected the dress and manners of that class of youths who frequent the Cafe , Monico on Sunday evenings, the slaves of the counter. Once he glanced back to: Ella, but she did not turn ; then he went on and was lost in the darkness, while I followed my wife's neat figure through the bustling throng of foot passengers. Chapter XXII. —To Erk is Human. '*~ Instead of keeping behind her straight home ? I turned from the main road and with my , ' mind full of gloomy thoughts wandered about ??'. the dark quiet thoroughfares in the neighbor hood of Campden Hill until, having walked for over an hour undecided how to act, I \- awoke to a consciousness that I was before ... ;: -.any own house. . .When I entered I opened a telegram lying »;?' v : pn/fche hall table and found it was from Lord ??'??-:.? '' Wariiham, stating that he was leaving the :??; ?] Premier's suddenly and asking me to call at '?:. :'?? ''? .' ' Berkley-square at C. It was then a quarter to 6 and I saw that even by cab I must be ten minutes late for the appointment. 'Has my wife returned, Juckes?' Tasked iny faithful man, who stood ready to relieve me of hat and coat. 'Yes,flHV She returned an hour ago and is ??;- bow in blie'.dir&vfiag;'Topw' ??.??' ?' '?? ??'.?- . YMy '/first .'impulse was to return to Berkeley '?'?.'.': .Bquare without seeing her, but unable longer to ?'???? -. ' tear the suspenfiV!;! fallowed Juckes to take my :?-?? '/things and entered the room, where she -iw;..-';i»iwaited me, ?'.??!'?/??-'?': ';:.' ?? : ^?;- 'Ah! (Jeoffifcyf jjho exclaun.ed, .jumping ?;'^V:i-V: ' ? ..:'~H^~^'^Z ' '-' '-. irV:y :?.;??.? c^V .'', to her feet with !an Expression iFloy .,;&nd; ?oiniug forward to meet me. 'I expeoted you home long ago, dearest^' and she raised her face for the habitual kiss. 'Oh,' I Baid coldly, placing her away from me without caressing her* ' Have you been home long i' ' A long, long time,' ahe answered, regard ing my coldness with unfeigned surprise. '* Where have you been to-day ?' I enquired rather sharply, taking up a position on the hearthrug with my back to the bright wood fire. ' This morning I went to Mr. ' Praga's studio and gave him a sitting. He is painting my portrait for the Academy, you know.' 'Yes,' I answered. ''He told me so at the club the other day. Where else have you been?' ' Why are you so anxious to have a com plete record of my doings ?' she asked, pout ing. 'You seem absurdly suspicious.' I Bmiled bitterly. Since her return she had exchanged her tailor-made gown for a hand some dinner dress and wore as her only orna ment a string of pearls, my wedding gift. She stood gazing at me with hr-r dark blue eyes wide open and brows arched in well- feigned reproach. 'You did not return to lunch,' I said quietly. 'No, I went to Pont-street,' she answered. 'Mother was so fearfully upset.' 'Why?* 'Last night she detected Helmholtz in the act of opening a letter he had taken from the postman. It contained a cheque and she was compelled to discharge him at a moment's notice.' ' I understood he was quite a model ser vant,' I said in genuine surprise at this latest development. To me it was astounding that a shrewd officer like Renouf should have thus allowed himself to be caught napping. 'Mother thought most highly of him,' she went on. ' But it now appears that for the past few weeks she has had suspicions that her letters were being tampered with, for two cheques sent by tenants for rent have been stolen.' ' I never thought very much of him,' I said. 'Neither did I, 'she declared. 'Ho had such a silent cunning way and moved so softly that dozens of times when I have turned suddenly I have been quite startled to find him standing close to me. I'm glad mother has got rid of him. Sho packed him off bag and baggase.' 'Did he protest his innocence?' 'No. He treated her with cool indifference, placed his things in his portmanteau leisurely, hailed a cab, and went off without asking for his wages.' I was silent. The reason Kenouf Bhould descend to. steal cheques was inexplicable. One thing, however, appeared clear; namely, that he had taken an unusual interest in the nature of Mrs. Laing's correspondence. To me it was a matter for congratulation that as he had been detected by his mistress and dis charged he could not cast upon me the blame for his betrayal. ' What did you do after lunch V I at last enquired, returning to my charge. ' I went shopping,' she replied, smiling. 'With whom i' 'Alone.' 'Were you alone the whole time?' I en quired, regarding her intently. Her lips quivered slightly and her glance wavered. ' Yes,' she answered, 'I did not meet any one I knew.' ' That is a lie, Ella !' I cried. 'It is not,' she stammered, pale and agi tated. 'I have told you the truth.' ' To prevaricate is' utterly useless,' I said angrily. 'I followed you through Kensing ton Gardens, where you were walking with your lover. I ? '' ' My lover !' she cried hoarsely, in dismay. 'He— he is not my. lover. I had never seen him before !' 'Then by your own admission you have abandoned all respect for me and yourself. You are addicted to strolling alone with any idiot who flatters you.' 'I swear I do not,' she retorted. 'You misjudge me entirely.' And she placed her trembling hand upon my arm. But I shook it off wrathfully, saying, ' I have discovered the truth, alas, too late ! While makiug pretence to love me you prefer the society of other men. I was a blind fool or I should have discovered the fact, plain to everybody else, that Ogle was your lover and that you mourned for him when he met the fate he so justly deserved.' ' He never uttered one word of love to me, Geoffrey,' she protested. 'How can you make such horrible charges against me when I love you so dearly,' she cried, bursting into a torrent of tears. ' Becauso,' I said with emphasis, 'because I have myself followed you this evening. Surely Kensington Gardens is not the spot where a wife 6hould take recreation, unless clandestinely as you have done. No, this is not the first occasion you have lied to me, Ella, but it shall be the last.' ' ' The last !' she gasped, glancing up at me. ? 1 ' What do you mean ?' ' ' I mean that I can have no further confi dence in you and that we are better apart.' 'You don't intend to leave me? Surely you would never be so cruel, Geoffrey ? It would kill me.' 'I have loved you, Ella,' I said hoarsely, after a pause brief and full of suspense. ' No man could have loved a woman with a passion, more tender than I have done, but now that I have discovered how basely I have been de ceived my affection has turned to hatred.' ? 'You hate me^' she wailed. ' All, no, you cannot— you shall not,' she cried, as rushing towards me she threw both arms around my neck and, notwithstanding my efforts to avert her, pressed her tear-stained face to mine. Roughly I unclasped her arms and cast her from me, Baying — ' ' I have resolved. Nothing will cause me to reconsider my decision. We must part.' ' It is not like you, Geoffrey, to, be cruel to a woman,' she said reproachfully, standing before me. 'I admit I have acted foolishly, but that man you saw was not my lover. I care for no one except your own dear self.' 'Terras of endearment are unnecessary,' I answered impatiently, turning from her. 'Such expressions from one who has so grossly deceived me are absolutely nauseating. I have striven for your social advancement and have loved you dearly, but from this moment you are my wife only in name.' She buried her face in her hands and was seized by a fit of hysterical sobbing. All her self-control had vanished at the instant she realised that I knew the truth, and she now stood before me bent and penitent. 'Forgive me,' she whispered earnestly. 'Forgive me, Geoffrey.' 'No,' I'afiswered witb.firmness, 'I cannot trust you.' ' 'Overlook this incident and I will never again give you cause for jealousy,' she ex claimed. ' I will do anything you ask, only have patience with me.' 'I nave already had patience,' I answered. 'Yet, deceived as I am daily, we can live to gether no longer.' .'♦But I love you,' ehe declared with fierce earnestness, fixing her fathomless eyes upon' mo. ' If I lose you I shall kill myself.' 'It is your own fault entirely,' I said. 'You have chosen to act in this manner and whatever are the consequences they are of your own seeking. I suppose you will tell me next that this man who was with you compelled ycfu to meet him.' .;?— ??5PhatiB^he absolute i^th7' sh'e'Ja.ltered.{;,- KAo, Always the same iJame.taIe,'J«tearv;ett' in disgust. ' I have not forgdtten^at night at the Nook when I watched you Stalking with Beck. No, Ella. There is some strange mystery about it all »$hat I don't like. ;X0U pretend to love me, but you have some ulterior motive.' . . '?-,'? ' There is a mystery, it la true,' she ad mitted, her eyes dimmed with tears. 'A mystery so strange and 'startling that when you know the truth you will stand aghast and aumfounded. But with its elucidation you will have knowledge of how I have suffered and striven for your sake ; therefore I can only pray that the revelations that must accrue may be hastened, for although to-day you regard mo as base aud deceitful you will then learn how much one woman has endured and sacri ficed because she loved you.' 'Then we must part until this mystery is cleared up,' I said calmly, my heart full of grief. 'You refuso to take me, yourhusbaud, into your confidence, therefore 1 can place no further reliance in your word.'' ' Think,' she cried, clutching my arms con vulsively. 'Why should the happiness of both of us be wrecked by a mere misunder standing ?' ' A misunderstanding !' I echoed. ' It is assuredly more than that.' ' ' No, 'she answered, endeavoring to stifle her sobs. 'You misunderstand me, believing me Ealse to you, whereas I am acting solely in our mutual interests.' 'To walk alone with a stranger is surely not acting in your husband's interests,' I 'Dbserved bitterly. 'Ah, you are mistaken,' she said quickly. ' When all is explained you will regret the cruel words you have uttered this evening.' 'Have I- thei. no cause to object to your acquaintance with this man?' I enquired, look ing sharply at her. ' ' None whatever. He is neither my lover nor my friend.' 'What is his name ?' ' I do not know. He did not tell me,' she replied. 'Was this the only occasion you had met ?' ?? It was.' ' He spoke to you casually in the street, I suppose ?' ' No, we met by appointment at Victoria station,' she answered quite frankly. * ' By appointment. Then you know him ?' 'No, our meeting was arranged by a third person. It was by no means of an amatory character, I assure you.' 'What was its object?' I asked. Slowly she shook her head. ' I cannot tell you without relating to you facts that I dare not yet divulge.' ' A.h ! as I thought,' I cried in anger. ' You refuse always to explain. As each week passes the mystery surrouud ing you increases.' 'Unfortunately I caunot prevent it,' she answered in a low earnest tone. 'Before we married I told you plainly that I intended to Beek the truth of the conspiracy against Dudley's life, and you did not object.' ' Why not leave that wretched affair to the police and secure our own happiness?' I urged. 'Because the police are powerless. They can have no clue.' 'Is it then absolutely necessary that you should attain this end ?' I enquired dubiously. ' Are yon ready to sacrifice your own home and husband in order to ascertain the truth regarding a crime '!' 'Yes, it is absolutely imperative,' she re plied emphatically. 'Before perfect happi ness can be ours we must both be aware of the causes which led to Dudley's sudden death. Towards that end I am striving, and knowing what I do I am regardless of your suspicions and your cruel words. If we part — well, it will be you who one day will be filled with bitter regret, and as for me I shall not pause in my merciless quest. ' Often she had told me that to ascertain the true cause of Dudley's death was, next to her duty as my wife, her main object in life, and these words, uttered with an earnestness that was genuine; bore out her most frequent decla rations. Glancing at the facts as a whole it was not surprising that I should have sus pected Dudley of having been her lover whose death she intended to avenge. In eilence and hesitation I' paced the room that she had furnished with such exquisite taste. A .dozen times she asked forgiveness, but no word passed my lips. She stood motionless, her Jiead bent in submission, her hands clasped before her, awaiting my decision. Her pale, tear-stained face betrayed signs of a terrible breathless suspense, she fearing that I intended to cast her off, while I could not bring myself to any firm belief that her decla rations of affection were genuine. Between us there yawned a gulf of darkness and mystery which hourly grew wider and more impassable. 'Tell me that you'll still be patient and wait,' she implored at last. 'Surely you can see how intensely I love you and how utterly aimless will be my life if we part.' 'This mystery is, I confess, Ella, driving me to distraction,' I said, halting at last before her. 'Cannot you confide in me? I will preserve silence, I promise.' 'No, no,' she gasped in fear. 'I — I dare not.' Her attitude wa3 one of deep dejection, yet I could not fail to notice, even at this moment of her abject despair, how beautiful she was. But a look of unutterable terror was in her deep blue eyes, and upon her handsome features was an expression as though, dreading exposure, she were haunted by some terrible ghost of the past. 'You told me : this . once before,' I said gravely, ' and I trusted you. To-day I have discovered my confidence ill-placed.' 'Trust me once again,' she cried hoarsely. ' Only once, and I will show you ere long that your suspicions are utterly without founda tion.' I took another turn up and down the draw ing-room, my hands clasped behind my back, my gazo fixed upon the carpet. I was still undecided. With a sudden impulse she rushed forward, and flinginff her arms about my neck kissed mo, next second bursting into tears and bury ing her face upon my shoulder. My hand un consciously stroked her hair and, bending, I pressed my lips upon her soft cheek. Then she knew that I had forgiven, and holding back her sobs with difficulty raised her face and kissing mo passionately thanked me in a low broken voice, assuring me that I should never regret the step I had taken. ? During half an hour we remained together she full of love and confidence, I admiring and hopeful. I was glad I had not acted rashly nor left her as I had intended, and as we went into dinner arm in arm we laughed together, joyous in each other's love. After we had eaten, I smoked a cigarette and lingered as lol^j as possible, happy with my well-beloved, then kissing her fondly I was compelled to take a hansom to Berkeley-Bquare, promising her to return at the earliest possible moment and expressing confidence that our love would last always. The earl, grumbling ut my tardy arrival, was busy in his library with a number of im portant dispatches relating to our affairs m the East. When he had expressed displeasure that I had hot been waiting -to receive him he 'added— ?'?'.*'' . 'VBut there, I Bupnose how you are married, Deedea, your wife is exaoting— -they 'always are. Sbe likea-you to dane with her, eh f ' 'Yes,' I admitted, smilirig. 'I did dine at home.' 'Ah, I thought so,' snapped the shrewd old Minuter, 'A good dinner and your. jrbu than Xing-land's prestjgsT itotth the- Sultan; I made no answer to this sarcasm, 'but began busying myself with the corres pondence, packing it away in the dispatch bag and sealing it for delivery to Hammerton, the messenger, who was waiting in an adjoin ing room ready to take it to Constantinople. Not until 11 o'clock was I able to'ges away from Berkeley -square and leaving the aged statesman alone, deeply immersed in the puzzling applications for advice of all sorts from her Majesty's representatives at the various Courts of Europe, I drove back to Phillimore Gardens. On arrival home ray first question of .Tuckes was whether Ella was in the drawing-room. 'No, sir. Madam is out, sir.' 'Out! When did she go. out ?' * 'About an hour after you had left, sir,' replied the man. 'Sho has gone inio the country, I believe.' ' Into the country ? What makes you think BO ?' ? 'Because Bho put on her travelling dress and took two tnniks with her,' lib answered. ''Itoberts, her maid, says she packed the boxes herself three days ago.' 'Did she say where she was going?' I enquired breathlessly. ' No, sir. She left no message with anyone.' Entering the drawing-room with my over coat still on -I noticed, lying upon her little rosewood escritoire, a note addressed to me. Eagerly I took it up, tore it open, and read its contents. There. were only a few hurriedly scrawled words — a brief and formal farewell. 'You cannot trust me,' she wrote, 'there- fore we are best apart. Do not attempt to follow me, for you caunot find me. Do not think ill of me, for even if I have wronged and deceived you I have nevertheless been your friend.' It commenced formally without any endear ing term and concluded abruptly with the two words 'your wife.' For a few moments I stood with it in ray hand, staring at it in blank amazement. Then it occurred to me that in that very escritoire she kept all her correspondence, and it was more than probable that 1 might learn the truth from some of 'the letters therein con tained. I endeavored to open it, but it was as usual locked. She had taken tho key. In my sudden excitement I called to Juckes to bring me a hammer and with a few sharp blows broke open the sloping leather- covered top, finding a number of letters addressed in un familiar handwriting. One larger than the rest, crumpled, dirty, and worn, as if it had reposed in someone's pocket for a long period, I took out and eagerly opened beneath the soft-shaded lamp. ' My God !' I cried aloud, scarcely able to believe my own eyes when next Tnstant I realised the terrible truth. 'My God ! I had never suspected this 1' (To be continued. ) 