ASTOUNDING^ LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CURE. DOCTORS PRONOUNCED CASE HOPELESS. HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIMONY. (From the Australian Workman.) Our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is ene of the best known residents of that thickly populated suburb. He was "discovered nursing a baby, and his face declared him to bs one of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : .* You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of ah opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as t was." " How long were you suffering ? " " About five and half years ago I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath iu Pitt-street, Sydney. From the date of the accident my health began to fail, and after fours of gradual development of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give up ¿ty billet at. the Glebe Island." *' What were the symptoms ? " " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in. two*1 in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. " I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, ijp ease the agony I was in. I was under bim for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomo- tor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating volun- tary moveuientsrHe told me that 1 might last for ten years, and that I might never' get the use of my legs." Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that jaadical opinion is not i¿>- - i ïaùïbie.) "Weil, just as' a drowning I man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement de- scribing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England which I I read in the Australian Workman by Dr. ! Willianis' Pink Pills tor Pale People, I read in tho advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined te give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial any- how, and sent for a box. The effect was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter -with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I im- mediately left the bed and was abie to move about. When taking the fifth box I was able to walk about with the aid of » stick, and was gradually but surely re- covering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pills, but I was too weak to use them, aud now I don't want them." Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees, said Dr. Williams' Pink Fills saved his life and made another man of him. A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a short time back. *' I can now," continued Jarvis. *' have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back hi my legs. I expect shortly to re snme work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have bsen at any time during the past five years. I ascribs all the change aud benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my Ufe. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel bike a new man. On the niantlepiece there is a box of Opium and Morphia Pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pail. But they can stay where they are, *or i no longer need them. Everybody IT.IO Kaows me has been amazed at the change in rae. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about agaiu has caused quite a sen- sation out here." 