THE STRAWBERRY HILLS GHOST. The Evening News ' ol Tuesday says : -The ghost story has received a bad knock by the narrative of tho lady who formerly occupied the alloged haunts of spookdom. She was a widow, and with her two children had occupied the house for three months only vacating it ou the Saturday previous to the night on which CoosUble liarland and his mate met with their desperate adventure. This lady states that she hud not only «aen uo manifestations of a ghostly nuturo during her tenancy, but that she had, as a martyr to rheumatic, frequently lain awake for hours together, at the very hour when churchyards yawn. The dematerialised would appear, if the constables' story he correct, to have a decided partiality for frightening mero inortaU ; why, then, did he not indulge his whim when his lonely fellow-tenant was but a weak woman with a couple of ehildreu? She utterly discredits the story. As an explanation she states that a small foxterrler, her property, had been very food of climbing to a small attia room, tho stairs of whioh are very steep. When she removed to her present residence, the dog would sometimes go book to the old house, and when the door was open resume possession of his former lair. On the day previous to the eventful night, a lady who lives in the vicinity, and who has possession of the keys, bad lent them to some intending tenants to Inspect the house, and on their return the buck door had beeniext open, it was most prouabie the dog was sitting on the step when tho constables hove Id sight; that he weut upstuirs on their endeavour to approach him ; aud that ou their final retirement ho followed them down again. At any rate, the dog was away from homo that night, and returned again the following d .y. A rumour has gaioed currency that tho coostablo on probation, Ha Hand's mate, had resfgued from his oew billet, last Thursday night's experience having convinced him that a policeman's life is not always a happy one ; but such is uot the case. lie Is evideotiy determined to still go where duly calls,' eveu though his opponents should be of the 'Geordie" and "Cissie" variety. Back from his Holiday.— Mr. J. \V, Sillar, manager of the Dubbo Bianch of the Bank of Australasia, returned on Wednesday morning, after a fortnight's holiday ia 8ydney and Melbourne. Cuurou or England.— Dr. Camidgo, Anglican Bishop of Bat hurst, arrived at Coonamblo on Saturday, and conducted a confirmation scrvioo at St. Barnabas' Church, on Sunday morning, when thirteen candidates presented themselves. At Divine sorvice crowded congregations were present on each occasion. The bishop was entertained at u conversazione in the Church Hill on Monday evening, and h'ft by coach on Tuesday. During his stay he was tho guest of the Rev. J. A. Cooper at the Reotory. 