COMPLETE STORY. [published by special arrangement.] HDW THE KING - CAME TO HIS OWN, MRS. J. K. LAWSON, Author of "The Ifvstery of Maplevilh* Bay,' "The "White Lady of the Luggie," Src., Src. [CDPVBIOJIT.] The painter sat in his studio. On a "box at his side lay Ins palette and brushes, in front, stood his easel, with an unfinished canvas, on which he gazed with troubled eyes. He was baffled—baffled again I Hitherto he had come, easily, successfully; further he could not go subtle elusive spirit of art hud agu escaped him, as she had often done before, leaving him each time more and more depressed and discouraged. He sat dismayed at this repetition of failure; at the futility of his efforts to seizp, and hold; and transfer to the canvas that which eluded him. On some occasions he had succeeded ,y.md his fellow artists had not been slow to recoguise the master touch. But why, why did he not produce more of such work ? Why was it that when they called at his studio they found canvas after canvas, all giving promise of beautiful things, but all painted out when they again called to see them completed ? ••That fellow destroys more good work than any man I know. He is ni:td. All those pictures wanted was a .few touches to make them masterpieces which was true, quite true. But these few touches here and there meant life or death to the picture, also to the painter's reputation. It was at this stage of liis work that the painter stuck, paralysed by u keen sense of failure to convey the effect he intended. The touches he added killed the picture—a thing of life and promise even in its incompleteness; it became dead and commonplace after one of these attempts to complete it a3 he saw it in his inner, vision. Now he had ceased to try; it was of no use trying; he must wait till it came to him, sudden, unexpected, but sure, the inspiration which would give it the unnameable, but unmistakable, stump of true art. Into the picturo before him lie had thrown his whole heart aud soul, up till now it had been a joy to work at it; to day he had come into the studio intent on its completion, and again had come short. Again he had with held his hand, knowing he could_pnly spoil it. And withiu him was the old deadly heart sinking, the swooning of hope, that ever recurring, wondering dismay at himself. Noiseless as a ghost he rose and slipped out of the studio, out of the garden, into the high-road, walking as if for a ,wager ; his brow was knit, his mouth set hard, his mind wrestling with the problem of this strange intermittent impotence. Suddenly he heard the laugh of a child, und rounding a turning of the road lie saw encamped under some trees ott the common a" gipsy tout, with brownfaced children play ing about the fire, whose smoke rose blue and curling into the tranquil air. The distressed look faded, vanished, liLs eyes glowed, a smile of intense pleasure transfigured his handsome face. A girl with a crimson shawl tied across her bosom stepped out from the tent and looked at him with the dark eyes of her race. Iti another minute he had drawn his sketch-hook from liis p icket, and seated on a mossy boulder, was rapidly sketching the scene. Evidently the girl luid been accustomed to posing, for no sooner did he begin to draw than she smilingly leant up against the door of the tent. In a few minutes the tent, the girl, the children about the fire, the tall over-arching elms, and the undulating landscape, girdled by the river, were all sketched in, and he had returned to the house. • "I say, Lilly," he cried, "look here, I'm in luck this morning." The sweot-faced, earnest-eyed woman looked up eagerly. He had succeeded. He had finished his picture this time.. 0 joy I The light in her eyes dulled, however, as ho went on: " I couldn't do anything in the studio this morning, so I went down the road a hit. And look—what I lit upon—just round the turn you know." He produced the sketch, and with an effort she tried to conceal hor disappointment. " Ch, what a protty idea for a picture," she said; "you were in luck truly." Not for worlds would 8he have uttered -a protest at that moment, although her heart grew sick within her. She did think he would have completed this beautiful thing and sent it off to the exhibition—but no—it too was left like the others, and now he would" begin this now one, Perhapj ho might fiuish that— perhaps not. One of their friends dropping in one day had said that nil he wanted was "will power. Will-power? Tea, he knew the valno of that, he envied those who had it; he de plored his own lack of it, but when he tried to mix it in his paint and go on finishing his \ work mechanically, in spite of himself, he ruined his picture; it became flut and commonplace, and in despair he threw down the brush. If ever a man suffered it was he; his whole will-power was expended iti keep ing stanch to his ideal in art "I'll toll you what I'll do, Lilly, just for a little mouoj to keep us going," ho said one day after a mighty struggle with himself, "I'll ghost it for a tvliile. . This work—it j; might please some, might sell,' but does not • satisfy me. I will not own it,', butagliost is - onlv guessed at. I hate that sort of .thing,..": but it will relieve the financial pressure. Et,,; little woman?" The little woman sat silent, too full to* sneak., , . Wis this then the fulfilment of tho fair promise of his youth? Of their dreams of greatness—of the life they were to lead to- .' gether, " still achieving", still pursuing," still advancing toward the goal of perfect work? ;. She had seen something of this impediment1 to success before they had married, but she had been so sure she could help him, that she could relievo him of caring for himself; slia would always be near, ready to cheer him"; when his fits of depression and dread of;" failure came upon him; she had thought it would nil be so different when they were together," these two who loved each other so. Ah, me I the dreams she had dreamed] •' Now, however, the situation had become .• serious. Duns had begun to call regularly• colour bills bad run up frightfully.; sharp" letters came threatening proceedings. In'.. .desperation he had gathered together a few of his best sketches and sent them off to a dealer, who auctioned them oft for a little over the price of tho frames. Tho relief had been so slight that the ruinous process hud to be repeated, and so the time went by. At/ last the duns'ceased to trouble; their debtor ill, seriously ill. It had come—the long. said would' clea: free. He was in the lowest trough of fever, and had been for weeks now, and a com- ' plication involving typhus was feared. His wife, in desperation, had sent iip the. best of his work, all unfinished asit was, while he lay on the dim confines of the unseen, far from sight and sound of earth; babbling with weird fervour of the beauty ho ' saw in everything; babbling whole stanzas of Wordsworth's "Intimations of Imraor-. talitr." y "Say he will live, doctor, only say he will" live," she pleaded when at last his life seemed; ebbing away In interminable sleep. "Yes," was the benign reply, "he will live now, but it has been a close shave. Tho utmost care will be required to make his'/ recovery certain. A fever like this entails av lieavy drain on the system. Caution and care'; ' are needed." !•" Caution and care! Aye, all that life could give or love think of, if only he would coihe.v back to her, kneeling here at his bedside, with. - her cheek pressed close to his poor white wasted hand, always so small and nervous, / and now transparent as that of a ghost in a ! vision of the night. For hours she bad watched by him, waiting to welcome him back to life and lovo ana hope. At last he opened his eyes, recognised her,- - and smiled, tt was but a look, a smile,' but she knew he was saved. As his convalescence advanced he said'to; her one day, as if struck with a sudden, remembrance, - "Lilly, dear, I wish you would bring me the garden canvas." "It is not here, it was sent away." " Oh, well, the other will do, ' The child in the meadow grass.'" \ • " But it i* gone, too, to the Exhibition.^ While 3*ou were ill I sent a few of the best of: them. The artists have all praised them so', much." A gleam of pleasure lit up his wasted face;! at this*taken of appreciation of his work. y " I am sony they were not finished," ho said, meditatively. "I know now exactly what was wanted ; it is all as plain as day to me. I feel I could finish those things now without any difficulty. What day is this?" "Thursday." "Bear me! How long have I been ill ?" "Oh. quite a little "while," she said,; evasively. It hud been eight weary weeks,; but she could not find it in her heart to tell him so, not yet. "What is that I see in the garden? Roses! "Why. isn't this April ?" •" It had been April when ho lay down, now Juno. The roses had betrayed her. She could no longer hide the truth from him. "Drink this, dear," she said, holding to his lips a strengthening draught. "You have been very- ill, dearest, but please God you will soon be strong again." He looked at his wasted hands as he took the cup from hers, and drank the contents with relish. That is delicious, little woman. I shall soon grow strong at this rate. Ah, I am all right now," he continued, with a sudden glow in his fine eyes. "I told you that a goodj sharp illness wonld clear the cobwebs from my11 brain. I know myself now. You will soon sea the difference. No more need to ghost it for the sake of a little money. I ahull sell my own work as such, and not ashamed of it either. Oh, I must get up and paint." He rose aud raado an attempt to walk; bat the springs of life were too much exhausted. He saw he must wait a while longer yet. ■ • ■ "To-morrow, dear, or perhaps next day," said his wife. " You will soon gain strongth, but the doctor says you must be cautious sod take oare." - t . He smiled at her wifely concern for hi®, but allowed her to coax him to rest again/1 and in another few moments he was sleeping like a wearied child. ' • • The morrows passed and became yesterday*,; and every day brought added strength. But' his desire to get to his work began to chafe: him, and at last he wont into the studio and sat down onco more before the picture whion had baffled him so on tho eve of his illness. ■ For a moment or two he looked at it ;-a«ni»., of exultation lit up his pale face ; he took up • his puletto and brushes. . "Lsavo'mo now, Lill, I shall finish ^thU now. Come back in about an hour or so. \- She looked at him dubiously, but his fuco was so radiant, go illuminated with now hope and enthusiasm, th.it she left him to his hclovcd work without a fear. Before the hour wan out Rho'returned to the studio, entering softly lest she might dis turb him. He was still sitting beforo the picture, and stepping up towards liim she saw •with rapture the change ho luid made in it. in some inspired way ho had added what was lacking—hohnd endowed it with power and meaning, he had breathed into it a living soul. In her pride and joy she bent forward and kissed his cheek—it was cold, clay cold. With. a muffled cry she flung herself on her knees before him, calling his name in a wild agony • of fear. But ho neither spoke nor moved, •pis ejres, still smiling, wcro fixed on the picture, but they were sightless ; the palette was still hooked in the thumb of the left hand ; the right hung idly by his side ; the brush still lay in :lie curled fingers. On his brow was a strange light of exultation and triumph!. He hud finished the picture. "Heart failure,'* the doctor said. Next day a letter came from the exhibition secre tary, enclosing a cheque for two hundred pounds, with a commission for a hi allegorical picture from the same purchase The king had come to his own at last. 