THE FEDERAL CONVEN TION. Ah Interview with Mr. Barton. The Question of Ajourmnont. ' Since the declaration of tho poll at tlio Federal elections tlio pooplo of Australia liavo looked' more to Mr.: Burton than any other as a champicin of their causo. ' Ho is regarded as absolutely un fettered by provincialism, and tharoforo as thoroughly sincere in ins fight for federation. Ho lost no opportunity, whilo yot the first appeal to tho people was pending, of keeping the whole natter constantly prominent, and in emphasising its brightest and most hopoful aspects. Aud as.ho lind led the country during and prior to tho elections it was natural that ho should also bo trustod with tlio leadership of tlio Convention. We expect now that tho saino inspiring leadership will continue. . People of all the colonics look to Mr. Barton now as they did six mouths ago as the active champion of thoir cause and will bo both displeased and disappointed if they discover even a suspicion of acquiescence in that Fostina lento, which tlio present enemies of the causo are using ub their most effective weapon. And when tlio leador is apptoaclicd now there is cortaiuly in his words a luck of that enthusiasm that " do it thoroughly and do it forthwith " tone which was so familiar and wolcome to us a whilo ngo. Asked directly if there iB any reasonable prospeef of tlio people's mandate boing. oboyod during tho forthcoming session, the lender replies : " I should say there was Bomo eliunco, but I am in clined to the belief tlmt if the Conven tion determines to adjourn at the end of thrco weeks tlio consideration of ' tho constitution will not be completed. Of eoufBO, if tiie Convention were to-sit day and night as it did at Adelaide, there would' ho a reasonable prospect of finishing in that time; bat, on tho other hand, I am of opinion that tho work of the Convention should be even more deliberate in the second ses sion than it was in tho first. Notwithstanding ad versa criticism, it is not a fact that there aro any marks of liasto in the draft bill ; but before such a meusuro is finully put before the country it is of the highest importunce that even small inconsis tencies should be removed. The bill should bo . rendered perfect at all points, and this furnishes mo ,witb ground ' for tlio belief that the coming session will probably not be completed in thrco weeks." The main difficulty arises now, of course, throagh tho atlitudo tho Victorians are expected to assume. The date of. their general election ap proaches, and it is expected that they will desiro to return early onougli to furbish up their arms for that cumpaigu. To this Mr. Barton cour teously replies: — "The Victorians do; not wish to 'Bit more than throe weeks, and if it appears, upon our assembling, tlmt a longer session would be so highly inconvenient to thorn thnt tlioy could not remain in "attendance, I take it tlmt the Con' vontion would not insist on continuing its work during thoir absence." But hero we must note that evon Sir George Turner, speaking 011 behalf of Victoria, id not quite positive. If the other delegates desiro to go on tlio Victorians will liavo to remain as long as they can. And will not tho other delegates oviuco such a desire, aud will not Mr. Barton bo the first to voice it ? lie admits " It will bo a nmtter for gravo regret if c!"cum- stanccs necessitate any break in the final ses sion," and therefore, wo may tako it, will uso even extraordinary means to prcvont sucli a break. The sitting night nnd day, as at Ailoluide, is of course easier to talk about than to porform, but even Mr. Barton, as every other delegate, must admit that, quite apart from the evenings, which seem almost entirely claimed tor festive purposes, tiie trespass inado 011 tne daylight hours is un seasonable. It may be too late to alter those ar rangements now, but tho claim they make on tho delegates' time makes it still more important to bring overy possible argument to bear on Sir George Turner's wavering resolution. If the con stitution can bo finally amended and affirmed during this coming sossion, Australia will rejoice, and tender her heartiest congratulations and thanks to those by whose efforts tho work is ac complished. I11 all of which Mr. Barton cordially acquiesces. He is willing himself to scorn delights aud live laborious days, to deal very tendorly with all Vic toria's susceptibilities, and by any and every honourable nnd patriotic means to keep the Con vention together till its work is dono. But if it is finally recognised that ndjourninout is necessary, if fedoration has once again to yield to matters of provincial concern nndstand postponed till another year, is thcro not danger tlmt tlio public interest wilidieout? Mr. Barton docs not think so. His bolief in the sincerity of tho popular rcsolvo is strong: — "I do not think there is uny danger of interest dying out now bccauso of nny adjournment if thut should unfortunately become naecssary, because I think interest now felt will be well sustained until the popular vote is taken." And if tho adjournment doos become noccssary when may we expect tho next really practical steps towards accomplishment to be taken? Here, unhappily, even with Mr. Barton, tho discouraging ifs begin to occur. "If tlio proceedings aro interrupted in Septem ber wo might meet again in January, andifdili' genco is used then we might complete the work of the Convention in two weoks. But of course tlio date of the next meeting will bo affected by tiie probable timoof concurrent recess in all tlio Legis latures, and that may not be till January." Every man familiar with tho ways of State Legis latures in Australia, and tho present condition of political affairs ill Now South Wales, knows perfectly well that it cannot bo till January, aud tho experiences wo havo already had of Convention proceedings hardly justify tho bolief that tho fortnight suggested would suifico to conclude matters to everybody's satisfaction, Tho multitude of Australian federal ists do not indeed like these threo spared weeks now and tho snatched fortnight later 011, and begin to look enquiringly to thoir leador for somo promiso of a mora earnest consideration of matters whoso importunes tiiey regard as second to none. Can Mr. Barton do anything to lift the causo iuto its proper sphere, into tub first i'laoe, that is in tlio consideration of every Australian statesman worthy of tho name ? Mr. .Barton will do all that ho can, and claims, rightly enough, that ho has dono all that is, possible. Morcovor, ho says, " it is not desirable that tlio public should bo misled by any of the speculative forecasts ill which various prophetic voices have indulged. There is as yet no programme arrangod ; there has been 110 meet ing of any members of Convention with a view to arranging such a programme, and will bo nono till tho meeting of tlio Convention to-morrow." As Sir George Turner comes to that mooting with an open mind and intolerable complaisant mood, and us nono of the other colonics raise aiiy impediments or objection, it is to bo hoped that tho tiirco weeks limitation will not bo fixed, and that tlio further fortnight, which is suggested as likely to be sufficient will be taken in the present. And if so, docs anything bar the way of consum mation. Aro not tlioobstanlcsso frequently raised very cobwebby ill their texture when seriously approached ? Will Mr. Barton express any opinion on tho great financial bogey, on the viow bo diligently promulgated that in the adjustment of contributions and tho re turn of surpluses Now South Wales will bo heavily taxed and unfairly handicapped? "That is an ontire misconception. When fedoration is established and the Commonwealth— which name I hopo will bo retained— collects the rovenue, it will havo to apply tiiat revenue in the first place to meeting the expenses of Fcdoral Government. Now tho bulk of that expense— all of it oxocpt somo £250,000 or £300,000 a year — will consist of expenditure oil services transferred from tlio va rious States to tho Commonwealth, which under presont circumstances is paid by tho States them selves. Tlio conscquoneo is that tho increased cost of government under federation will only bo tho expense of those services which are not trans ferred from the various colonios but originated by tlio Constitution. These aro tho services estimated at £250,000 or £300,000, and it is this sum, therefore, which is to bo deducted from tho totals returnable to tho various colonies, and it iB not a very largo sum when spread over tlio whole population, and would only affect tho rato per head of contribution by a slight amount. For instance, £250,000 di vided amongst three millions means Is 8d por head Eer annum. But ugain, tlioro is umplo room for olioving that under federation tho cost of the various Borvicos transferred from the federating colonies to tlio Commonwealth would SB Moon REDUCED, by the doing away with a number of Ministerial departments, sucli as those of Postmaster-General and Defence in each colony, and it is also pro- bublo that this consolidation or concentration will in other ways lead to material savings." But it is curious and vexatious, says Mr, Bar ton, to note under how many forms this financial/ scare is raised. Scarcely 11 day passes but a noitf ghost is raised. Glauoo at tliosc figures. I "They ni- cnn estimate inado of t ho revenue which tho Federal Govvrnmout will probably require, nnd the amount is fixed at £7,000,000 por annum,, to be derived from n Customs tnrifi'. Now the argument tliero snom's to ' be that when all tlio minimising inllncuoos of fodoration uro fairly considered our taxable imports will not -amount to tnnro than £20,000,000 uer 11111111111, anil on that amount a tariff of 35 pur cont. will bo required _ to raise tho necessary revenues. But what, it isjisitod,- would bo -tho effect of an iivcrngo- itnpostof 35 por cent, on all taxnbla goods im ported ? The answer affords a picture wliioh most minds would find it dismal to contemplate. But the answer is 'unnecessary, because tlio question is absurd, being based 011 a supposition f things whiuh / can never occur. Wo shall . never roquiro to oontoipplatD tui nverago tariff on all goods impoitcd, because under fedoration, U9 under separate Stuto govern- niont, the bulk of tlio Customs revenno must bo derived from stimulants and narcotics, which pay now, and probably will 'continue to, from 200 lior cent, to 700 pur cent. It is'u fad born in tlio mind of ono of tlio ouc-idcad men, an 'if' which- has 110 foundation either iti probability or possi bility, not worthy of serious consideration, and yot it may bo confusing ami confounding a gond many -worthy people who do not look hernial what ap pears absolutely 011 tlio surface. Wo shall luivo to light with a good many such ' ifs,' hut trust to overcome tlioin all, nnd now, or in n near future, obey tlio inundate we liavo received, and accom plish tho work to which wo nro sworn." 