Goldfietds Letter. It is to be regretted that, the law of lil?el is so very certain to punish by striking him in thebankingaocount^— the place where he feels it most—the newspaper proprietor who takes chances by telling the truth. Were it not for this, I could supply a most interesting item of news— a bun-and-tea-time item fojr the fair readers of the popular weekly to discuss. It,- is very hard that it has to be kept dark, though it is no secret here. The lady is popular, foremost in. good works, and never weary of well-doing. And the male ? Well, he is one of those deadly menaces to domestic happiness found everywhere If the injured husband had fitted him with a rifle bullet, eleven men on this field would have sat and returned a verdict that he died of heart disease, and the public would have accepted, the finding without enquiry or comment. The Mining Commission is continuing its sittings on the fields, finishing at Coolgardie on Wednesday, and proceeding to Kalgoorlie to continue the farce of "taking evidence." As the Coohjnrdie Miner puts it, the idea of the Commissioners appears to be that the Mining Act is on its trial for an abominable offence, and their mission is to collect evidence calculated to establish an alibi. A number of witnesses were examined here, ami tlie questions, being similar to answers, did not vary to any perceptible extent, and the inquiry, so far, has elicited only such startling information as that the Act is very good in the main, and very bad in places ; that is to say. taken altogether and altered here and there, with amendments in some places and emendations in others, and a kind of planing over and sand-papering where it was rough, it might be made vastly different to what it ought to be. The goldfields' press clamored for the Commission to be sent up, and now if it had the honesty to own up, it would clamor equally loudly for it to be taken down country and instructed to drop the Mining Act and proceed to enquire into the best remedy for eradicating the codlin moth from sheep. All hope that the result of the commission will be the amendment of the Act has been abandoned. Our minor excitements— garrotting, pickpocketing, and burglaries—have, of late, been absent. On Saturday night, however, a newspaper man was surprised, as he lay taking his rest with a ragged blanket and a wool-bale around him, to see a robber in his drawing room. As the furniture consisted chiefly of boxwood and home-made case work, he was not fearful that he would lose any of that, but the position was an awkward one. Nevertheless, something had to be done. If he got up and attempted to alarm the intruder he might lose his life; if he stayed where he was he would most likely lose his pants, which he had thrown down carelessly near the door; and as his other pair was at the laundry when it caught fire, he was'in a fix. However, he called to know who was there, when the ;burglar came in and after pleasantly warning him that after he winkedan eye he would never wink again on earth, a cheerful and improving conversation waa opened and continued for some time. When the prowling thief knew he had got into the abode of a newspaper man, his language was shocking. He called himself the vilest names, and walked straight out into the arms of a police- man. The latter closed on him, and the calm of the early Sabbath morn was disturbed by the unrestful spectacle of a burglar and a " slop" falling over each other in various styles and mixed grips. At times it was any odds on the Law who whaled the People with his handcuffs; but eventually the burglar triumphed, and would have made his escape but for the assistance rendered by a citizen. On Monday morning the Court declared that a year would about meet the case, and for the period mentioned Mr. Collins—that was the name he gave, Tom Collins—will not appear in public unattended, One only of the visiting members of Parliament remains on the fields at the hour of writing—Mr. Connolly, the far-sighted man from Dundas. As a tree is known by its fruit, so a politician may be known by his speech. When he says much w which means nothing, there is a possibility of his one day attaining to political eminence. When he says all he knows every time he gets up on his limbs to make a few remarks, he may be set down as a human, who, but for fact that he stands on his hind legs and keeps his ears cut, would run a big risk of being broken into harness and employed in the work of drawing a little cart, loaded with light luggage, from the railway station to the hotels. To describe him, politically, as a foolls-i knave, would be as inapt as to refer to him as a knavish fool. He lacks the wit to be the one, and the vrisdom to be the other, and is more calculated to injure his friends than to annoy his opponents. He was strongly supported against men in every way his superiors, becau?e he was regarded as the least likely to respond to the Forrest whistle: yet he was amongst the firsu to accept the order of the soup-plate and button-hole, and is now amongst the strong Forrest nun opponents of tie Espir.uice goldfields' railway line ; and it was for such a poor apology for a patriotic representative of tiie fields that the brilliant young Irishman, Harney, was rejected. Howe\cr, tl.e errror is one which can be corrected, and if Mr. Harney again submits his name to the voters of Dundas, they will mark their ballot-papers very differently to what they did at last election. A railway line such as Connolly wants—from Esperance to Norseman— not only would not benefit either place, but it would not pay. The trifling gold yield of Dundas scarcely enters into the output figures, and in 110 serious way affects the result. If Norseman had not been discovered, the arguments in favor of a line from the coast to the field would be just as strong as those winch are, and have been, put forward. Plain Bill Oats, too, has made himself popular by speaking disparagingly at Kalgoorlie, of Coolgardie. At a recent gathering in Coolgardie he spoke similarly of the other place, and now what he says of either, or any other part of the colony, for that matter, is taken no more notice of than is the written opinion of the Attorney General, or the probability of obtaining gold in granite. Coolgardie, according to Capt. Bill, who knows much less of gold mining than he does of coal getting, will yet be a respectable place. Which is nonsense. It will never be respectable enough for him to live in. The ghosts of the gold mines to which he gave good characters in days gone by would rise up and disturb his sleep and make his nights full of dismay terrors and cold sweats. It is worthy of remark that not one of the mines which William the respectable tipped to startle the world as a gold-producer ever turned out enough of the equivalent of the dross which perishes, to pay for the fuse used in the endeavor to open up a short cut to China. Yet he poses as an expert and as one qualified to prophecy. He claims that he pronounced the Great Boulder a world beater, but it is worthy of comment that when the shares were at 2s. 6d. he did not buy a controlling interest in the concern. The only thing William ever did which will live in . history is—he introduced coined gold a s c u r r e n c y amongst the savage natives otW.A. At least he says he did. .I^^.^pn ^e ..may clauri. to be thediftpqvBrer ., of telluride. and the -first -mala; to: acjxise* Bayley. ; to find- Coolgardi^.-, .iiBijtfneanwhile.? ihe -. and Cpi^^ilueMlieli^black" byX2oiol-v gardig, y and ra^e reckonedamongst the! men.ojE pppolilical account. ' ,v> •• i". >- w .dWiei^ ista boom , on gold yields Ijust now- Lz$t;igonth thpre-. ; was an/cap*. prpfwhr .tp. agreement between the Totally prepared, return and the Government figures. -But this month the®e are four various return^tK^ lowest of which is 6,000 ounces jaheail of.the ; highpst of last months recced yield. . ^ The official return is ^000 ouncfes, the Cqolgardie Chamber jri Mines makes it 78,000 ounces ? the roijoisteratGeraldtondeclaredtheexport for the month at 71,000 ounces, and that extraordinary gang of calculators, the Perth alleged Chamber of mines makes the output 90,000 ounces. This latter body, if I am not mistaken, has charged itself with the noble mission of supplying information concerning the mines of this province, and its first attempt in this direction may be taken as furnishing a sample of the brand of information it tor. the betas, in their own interests, to advertise that the lightning calculators At Perth are an unauthorised and irre- ^onsible^dy, out of touch with the tnimng industry, and,as it has shown, unreliawe and stupid, and the gold country WTases to accept any responsibility for its acts. tr« We can anticipate AI the caustic i:, criticism of that waspish and vitriolic decrier of these goldfields, the Bulletin, after its Wild-cat artist lias read the returns published A «e "6rst issued were those of the local Chamber of Mines—apparently correct since they .gave the results of reported citishittgs. „$hen the Ministerial utter- ' - ance was made, and finally the Perthngged return was sent out. Between thejast two there is a difference of «,ou r d ounces, between the first^wo a difference of seven. Which juBtraes the query: What was the gold output for September ? . One thing . well deserves criticism. The yield is increasing, and is 6,000ozs. in excess of last month's return, and also we lead the other colonies, Victoria being distanced and Queensland, l,20Do Z s. behind. Do our Eastern friends of the Press desire to make a few remarks? They had a good deal to say a year ago when we. were knocked to our knees by bv an unexDected unexpected and unprecedented slump, and there was not gold enough in the [place to -buy a2'£20 note with govtereigritL = . v. r v% • » . «Next raonthkgoldyield wust'bea . very satjisfaotory onte:^<Uptd the 4th;s f juUstant-' nearly 4,000-« ozs.- hftve been ^qpoii^j.pra^tidally- belongiAg'to last^ tmorith;but.: actually' credited-' - 'ton riOetohtor:--' The;-Lake -View.: Qenso Should within a day or tw& artnom^'- ;th<3 result of itsing, which ought to be over 10,000 ozs.—12,000 ozs. is given as ^ low estimate hymen who are.com f^tent to make a 4 calculation before the battery publishes' the fact. In whifch case all Boulder stocks^^IV^f \- Commence to climb up, and -.get'in early will have ample rS^Jci^K have their hair parted in the and their moustaches poinM^tn-A. waxed end. The holder of Boulder of any brand will be able to enjoy his" Christmas dinner, for from henceforth they are going to be good holding Since the establishment of a paper at f the Boulder, the residents of that centre are rightly regarding themselves as the people of East Coolgardie, and their embryo town as the metropolis of the field, which they are justified in doing. The Boulder i indecent,* of the richest nest of gold mines in the world, while the old township of Kalgoorlie has but one mine to the poppet b legs of which to pin its faded C e r —the Mount Charlotte, from which last month 12oz. of gold was obtained, Coolgardie has its cold mines—not . ^ . . . • . Great Boulders—at the foot of the main street and at the back of the town and all around it, and, in the words of that geniaUnd courtly gentleman, Mr. William Oate, M.P., these will be producing gold. when he is flying abound waving a palm in a spotless robe and playing on a golden harp, which, if, he continues respectable, may hapjten, and it is hoped, soon -the increase in the gold output, we mean The other event mav he dp]av«H ^ U S ^ X S inside three years, and in his private capacity he is harmless. ml . , . , ihings, taken altogether, are wearing a healthy look. Coolgardie is livening up, and business people are not complaining seriously. Kalgoorlie, though benefited by the steady payment of big wages accounts, is feeling a depression which may be accentuated rather than relieved. There the workiner working miners, after pay- Daving their living expenses, buy stocks ami practically lbek m 'monfejr '-idst^ad" ^ as bil l ^>thpj|*jfw?ld[s-throitgh'tli^ hdt^feep^'trli© aretiH>': collecting -sHrflnigs for 4^feridr -'spirits, aud 'by [n<y- means' supe*i<ir beek Tfrtdiotels art? riot*'till Ifot theman . emitf judiciously 1 'i^Jtf ri6 l^^d^n^W^Beiiij^fdi^edi CMffpflred with 4tar<ftW : tWn'*, or f witii PertK^oolgarfiets^Citypf*the''Iksfr. , * It lias the life and bustle of Sydney or Melbourne, the clean wide streets, the .well-designed buildings,, -well- dressed j^ople, and go-ahead style of the big cities, without their depressing element ;p<?yerty and a permanent nuemployed. tl)ese advantages, its gold tSM^teadily sure thing. C " increasing, and its The decent derth of Jean Ingelow induces a wri ter In the " Pall Mall Gazette" to give an amusing reminiscence:—" We had a joke against e ot> Miss Ingelow which she never forjreat deal in her he had —« written a gu C S K t i f f ? ^ ™ lut she soon consing!" She^e s^cia^ tTetey tuhJin the country, in May, 1868, to have a feast of nightingales, for our limi-trees were full walke d ° u n ,u th ® ™T n " w S held our tongues for quite five minutes (a difficult feat in our family), then the ? mm ail . e ?f broken by Miss Ingelow ^ London r, careful of draughts, she had put cotton-wool in her ears before venturing d °pre into^unknown shrubberies on a chuly May. evening ! Mr. George Jones 1 song at the Theatre Royal, viz., " It Won't be Long," suggests that it ' 1 .won't be long " before the proprietors will 'BOB ^ the. necessity of ult)BlUB closing the ^ show, if the song, is persevered in. The public 1 have' lsome sense of the fitness of t^ 6. ev e » in Perth. Don't miss the next issue of THE SUNDAY CHBONICLB. ' Weidenbach*8 Spring and Summer Show is now oa, and constitutes one of the be seen^in B Perth, ^ J S T r t E f i S L bne H Parisian hats and bonnets. There is a perfeet forest ofhats; they swarm up the pillars, and climb all over the end wall, they lie in rows at one's feet, and stare one out of countenance in all the large handsomely-draped mirrors, while the bonnets are like fairy touches of spring. The dis- P la .y of flowers of the kinds now most S h f e ™ ? S h S a ^ e ^ They are in garfe-nds edging the show-cases', they cluster in folds of glistening silks and gauzes, they are scattered all over Japanese TienterSness TnTth ^lul ^th 8 fashionable hats and bonnets o£ view until the scene is like a fairy garden. 