I N T H E d e a d o f n i g h t , ADA CAMBRIDGE.' Pvilishtd by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Loci S[ Go., Irtd. [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTEB II (Continned). • By the Popular Authoress,. ' "I have yet to be convinced that-Lexie did elope," eaid Billy, who, aaiefipoke, felt, the band of his little wife slipped into his, Mid grasped it gratefully. " As to that, sir, there's the -evidence of parties that saw them go off together.., A Edy staying in the house happenedto be standing at her bedroom window, which she had opened, because it was .bright moonlight and the garden looked-so pretty, and she heard voices on the terrace underneath, close to a door at the foot of a private staircase; and when she looted down, there was Mrs.Walterandtheyonng man, quite plain, so as nobody $ould. mistake'them. She had on the same rwhite > fhat she'd, left the hall-, with, the \- --sages being draughty, and it ™ld^andlie Udy ija* v. - i shining. The yornlg ;t,-0-t a m^r-cii * m how to lock :„• K.aic, and that showed ..heir j. And tte beat proof was r.h«,t •rV them tow ever seen agaiu, \-- ^ • Aud -e lady did not give the S ihe said nothing about i^*%ecause she hoped they'd come back before they were found out and scandals made, and' because Mre Walter was in the habit of going -to her family when she was in a temper with her husband; and they ..did have-words that day. Sir Walter had his suspicions of the young man, and taxed' her with it. They all thought at first that she'd gone to Cambridge, and the lady that knew she hadn't said the same, just out of kindness and to give the woman axh&nce.; . Besides/ she conldn't bear to -be the one to break the news. However, she had to do it at last, when they found out ^by letters that, came for Mrs Walter fromher mother that she'd never been there ?" " "Poor mother!" Wlngate ejaculated. " Nettie, we must go and see her. 1 want to hear both sides." "So do I," cried Settie, with cordial sympathy. "Dead, sir; dead, ma'asi," said the landlady, ' many years ago; both her .father and mother, and the business sold. Ttuere are no bauds in Cambridge now." It . was Nettie who asked the' nert and most important question. " Mrs Venn, was the lady you mention the only person who saw the elopement with her own eyes ?" JMrs Venn said aha believed the lady wasj the only person who actually so eaw H. bat a servant in the house—the baby's nnrse-^ heard the door of the private staircase shut. It was in the wing Mrs Walter occn-: pied—a whole wing that old Sir Thomafe had Bet apart for her and ii-r husband's use, so that they could live independently, as if in their own house, wnen they felt disposed. The nurse had gone to bed -in the nursery with the child;: the noise of the door woke her, and shu thought it was her master going into his dressing-room. But as it happened, Sir Walter—Mr Walter as he was then—had gone to London unbeknown to her, and was. away all that night—came home, poor man, to find the bird flown!" . "And who was that lady?" Mrs Wingate inquired, in a tone of voice that made her Billy sit up and prick his ears. Mrs George Desailly, ma'am. She married a cousin of the squire's. A goodfdi-HUthiug long to the family, Mid etancls nest to ^ Master Thomas too, worse luck." -. Billy had heard already who Sirs George. Desailly was, and he seemed to spring out of his seat. "Aha! I'thought-so—I - thought so! Which took place first, Mrs ; Venn, her marriage or the -elopement—the r alleged elopement.?*' • - . " The elopement, sir—years and years before. Miss Bilcombe married quite late - in life—that is, late for a lady .so good: looking and attractive.'-' ' f " Any children t" . "Two, sir, only—a girl-aid Jjoy.T. The, poor little boy is not quite right,<bey say.- But of course she thinks the world'of him." "And Walter swallowed all her infernal lies? I beg your pardon;-can't help using Btrong language. Beoiose I <mo eee. as plainly as that yon arB standing there, thai Mrs George Deaailly -invepted that elopement for her own purposes. -.Itjjn'i yon- see it, Nettie ? You remember what I told you ?"—with a signifi«ant nod. ; _ '. • " Sir," said Mrs Venn, " you- are like many other p ople — spacing ewil of that lady withoiit tnowing TarijWiing. 1 about her." *" ." " I not know anything about- her'." laughed Wingate grimly. - J " Without know^ngjanything of thj-ci^cnmstances that, you Bay, iappened after; your time. As a matter of .fact,-Mrs Walter and she-were L the best of "friends. She has told me so herself." ^ "Oh," said Wingate. And. he seemed to wink at Nettie from the corner bf-a sombre eye. - C » . .' " And she conld have had "no "interest whatever in injuring Wfo Walter—4n telling liee about her, as you caU it." : ' " Unless her lieB caused Mrs Walter'? husband to divorce her.". •'• " Which they didn't.". "No. But ehe conld not have foreseen that." "And never thought of auch disgraceful things. Besides, sir, if her story "Was. An. invention, how do .you account for Mrs Walter's disappearance? She went away, that night, and the young foreign gentleman went too, and they've never been-heard. of since. That's the truth, at any rate; and if you pjiw find any explanation of it but the one that anybody who knows the world " " I can find another without any trouble," Wingate.broke in. " The fellow may have been a villain-r-a foreigner generally is—and enticed her away, and murdered her for the sake of the neeklace."i - - "Not one who loved her. -The whole house knew that he loved her, and that her husband had quarrelled with both of them because he'd found it out." Wingate's face fell slowly, and he heaved a restless sigh. ""It is. strange—it is indeed strange!" he ejaculated. Then, with an air of sudden resolution, he asked where Mrs George Desailly might be found. " 1 am going," said he darkly, " to the fountain head." ' . Mrs George, he wsb then informed, had no settled habitation of her own, her husband being a rolling stone, living by his wita and from hand to mouth, a freqnenter of Continental gaming places and -:a sponger upon his friends j but it so happened that Bhe was at this moment etaying at the old rectory which nsed to be her home. " They were both at the coming of age,' said the landlady, " though they -weren't invited, and- the squire was very angry when he saW'them there. JLe'e the best of landlords, and bndnessatBelf to everybody else, but he does hatejthat George Desailly so that ifs like & madness with him. The other squires don't think it'looks well at all, seeing that Mr -George is his own blood, and so near the title, too. And his poor wife—goodnpss knows she r has troubles enough without Sir Watte*: making more for her." "What! Does he hate her too! Ton don't affspl" " Likgj>oi8pn, sir. And all for nothing, I'm convinced. She once innted young MaetetvTnomaato^y.witi^Whe^liS, was home for his holidaye W |ub was away, and faegotja «oJd, •^illitags •Ms <aJ£Br > ii% a>l«tter thathis.Bheets were that'3iinijptyqn jcoul^have -WTupg, them. WeU,snj»oeing^hey were damp* any jpareless InaBjof aiopsemaid might bate done it.end-the^niaSufc never .known. - Desailly ladiim^c^G^ketheteds.iBut^irW^tei', he got^tljifo his tefid that she wanted to till -thetody e<> €ha£ -fcer-TOwii-lmigHt buc- •ceed, anaj^Kiw -itfs ,a Tegular monomania with'hWq'HHfi. iK^sJMasl^Thpmas.-alwayi und^uS eje;"M<l he's given-oners that* neithjig ^nor %er husbafcd-are to eet footoi .., r iBjproperty. Any; gatekeeper thatiefe ti61n i tturough- eveninto.the part is to loB»Ms"^)laca'; directly. . 'X ceJl iti. shame-i^fioii^n hi jis Sir Walter and^my hdsbana'snandlord » She's a. lady, like any other lady,*6iitl aDesailly moreover, and'a sweet, gentle feature, incapable of doing euch thing's- as nhtfe accused of. -- She-was sitting ih^this'5pSi3or only yesterday, talking to me>.abojit it,;iaE.d-.eayrog how she mimed her Sear mother, .and- how; nice it was to ^in^Mrj childhood'e home again. ForTnypfcrR Eiate to see people despised and insmtcSlansC-because 0 they're poor. Why Bhoulfirt Srer" she .wilk -- in - - the - parkif she's - a mind? v^3';why ihonlin , t^he go into the house well'. ios" the rate and mice ?. 5na£jshe*B here i 6he just pineaitfr Haider -%Jqne- through the ' old roomS whjag she -iad such happy dajB when: Bhe«wi& a gSrl,-»nd she.^was asking merwHeH^j coul{l not mjuiage it for her, thronglP*my r .2msband,.wht>*.e thai trusted by the sg^t;±hat£e^irald getrtfie keye^at any. time to^i^™ * w ?f ">g eaough.^and I ^ J f -.t: .tat there's noli^n here^haVU go gainst the sqtiire. -If went:to w to see her pIM^tg. iac i* iisappo^ther./^e mi she sup- -'.rU v :'alter Was afraid shed .steal something,-Jjv.t the tears were in her "eyes, •poor' thlzigr aad^she .trembled ill -over. There's nothing ±o steal except what nobody Could: oiniimf -The valuable small things arelaU^well locked .tip, or. at the Dower House,jorin the 4>anki A burning Bh&me.JcaU; ft." - - - . " It is/'-eiid Wingate, pmiiing strangely. «• And ehe is etaying ut;the rectory, yon Bay?" - _ -"- : Yes; sirs at l4ast,>he-was yesterday. jThie recWf JJiow isi llrTMaxtin, a bachelor gentJemaii he wSa .tutor to Master Thomas belofe »e w«n% tb Etbn. He never saw Mrs Georgoitill tl^ other day, at the coming of age'; but ie ! was _told Jiow the squire -liad treaied ier.and was- very indignant, and offered lifer .his arm as she was leaving-Jthe-hall, and'ifked, her to ionor him-by maJringiuie-of. his house.'' " How did. t>ha Bquire-treat her?"' inquired Wlngate. ' I nsed to know him pretty weJl. ^ut I; .never»thought him a man to be radeio-laSiea." This was what he did," said Mrs Venn. '-"She and her hnsbaad came to 'The Chase ' becapse itTraa sort of open house at the coming of age—though the ioua • is eo empty and out Arepiir thfct-only the great hall, the etateiftrawingrooni, and the .kitchens wrere.jjctn«l!yjnsed—and^because they .hoped, sheiaid.-that on Buch-an occa- Eion the family inight be reconciled. They wanted to ciingr^ula^e jHaster ^Thomas, and —J io drinkihS? healti.'and h'oBll^.^Lnd en so -onake -make un up all' quaxrels, aSd^etart. fresh as friends. However, ie noticed -thfijrarere pot afrthe banqnefc-the companyJthts time waB only. the people'on tfieesjtate; and a few friends "of' Master ThomasU. very different from, -the coming-of age - that- used ;to- be—, though jtve had "seen them go in amongst the" first, and it appears thafr-Sir Walfcerdidn't know" they ; .were' thr\re at all. --Butwhile the speechfis-were gclag on someone wh&pered; to Master Thomas, and Master Thomas iwhispered to his father, end -the squire looked as blacklas tiinnder, and: as soon as .the banquet was -pvjr «ump thstairs. They were .pot asing the npper part of the houie, and poor Mrs George 'had^aken the opportunitytohavea, quiet stroll through-ttfe 'rpomBjthe.Eoenes of her " happy days, poorjthing t-ghe-was looking out of a window,Tipd^thinldng of the past, when she used to be pettedjby gir Thomas *nd--my iady aa^if ^he^waje ; thejr wn - nghter^wben np jpomea ^ -jVilt&rffia; orders her outof the ^>tace":3UBt^s if-she .-was a corn'morT trMnp. ' "Aid She -without, " ifiven ;her husband to defend her. Mr George had chang«i^iiB n^nd .about speaking to his cousin before to many'-people, and had left while, everybody;was at the "banquet, aiid gone'ba«k'^o.3jbndon, so that she was all alone, by hersS£ ~ She says he abugfed her shameful, but there was nb- bofly to Hear -whai thqy said jbhe'ieotor . met them in the gallery over the- hall. Master Thomas "had told;'the rector what was-going on, £pr you nanBt "teipw tJiat he doesn't hold with tho way feis father treitB Mars "George, which is scandalous", though 1 oughtn't to '6a#it, being an old Bervj.ntofthe family. -^ Mr llartin. he win npstaira fo ie<f isfcat^ he cotdd do, "and thfir^w^s jpoor Mrs Xieoj^e crying, and €ir "Walter^catling Mr the agent, to xome and^ock all "^he dnore, and give the keyfr to' lflm, He lie wouldn^ trust her not to lay dyrjtnHtcT about thfe' place, and-blow Jhem all np—rwhich showB howmad- ; he is' in- his epite ugainit :her. For anybody can-Bee IJiaJfc a. jgentler creature never walked. Mr ^lartin,- he says he won't "break hread tnT-the house again' While Sir Walter is master, though he did give him the living j vand -Master Thomas looked so ashamed,popr young gentleman! They say. he had words with his father afterwards, though riie^are that fond of each other' that they're more, like twin brothers than parent and<shild." "This," " TfemadcS ' -Wingate, "is -strangely unljke the'Walter -DesaiUy.that 1 nsed to' know. -Jlowever— ' He ,looked at his:^itch, and then at hi6 wife. ahd^then at the landlady, who waa bo enjoying3i^own"l(jquaoity. "Can/yOTiStell'me, JMrsVenn, whether Sir WalfetBtiU keipS the keyB ?° . . - - . \- Mrs Venir su^>osed.:not, aa lie was out of iheJicrantary. ?She^|ionght Mr -Blackett would bare- -the^-aad was snre there wouldibfe.no di^ulty inrgetting leave to look ovei- ith^ tonBe,^f-Mr Wingate -wished to-do bo: It was Jonlj 3irs Oeorge who was shut out, less she ihould ^lant. dynamite "upon tbfe premises, r \- " Well," ^aid B£Uy, who .craved' impatiently for a pipe and a.!qmet gossip: with his wife, " whai;do yqu say to a little stroll before turning infSTettie ? It is a lovely night, and Tl don't 'feel a' bit like aleep at present." - -- " Nor I," said Nettie, also annous to dispense with th'elandlady, and not knowing how to do it politely. "Sapper has made a new creature of me. 1 could walk miles. Only I'mlBfraid wemight bekeep ing Mrs" Venn op."- . .. 1-r : The -landlady .offered to leave the key under tibe doo^nat, and otherwise-to meet the wislios of fi. Cub tome cwho had -been at college wit£ the^wre, £n3 whose whole ^qui^ment' bet^cened .we^th, ands of.^he prefcCy^onBg frtfe'sAo was so considerate •for o&r; .^oplfe.' .^8he -took them, with many BpbJogieB, £hough back passages and a kitchen to shew" them ±he door, the bey, and fte jnat»«M^thqr wonld 'flnd matohM^^d i^eir liedroom candle, incidentallyiaringjng-i? notice certain members xif her ^amily eircle. These the fitrangersafEectedrto ignore, from motives of delicacy, until a vary old man, who was being'helpedto -lied jbyipMtrof stalwart gi^dchildrei^ctadly blocked their path. ««This,'"saS£l lixs Venh, : "is my hnsband"e iather, pisa: muBt have been trailer at * Hie'Ohase' sri^h "you were there. sir. Bat -i supposewypiil wouldn't : have known him SLgain^ : ile'e dose on eigHty4onr, and wasa, faiAfpl serinint «t-the family from the lame 'he' eieanbd.the' inives when he you— : i*?Bre—stnefe —anrs— OTin^—gate<friend^^^be--%iure*i—went^-to.-rcol' l^A^^-igiim-^ew^ttie—lady-^ihftt -xai'^TOy-^r" ' " Bosh<«h<lt cried Wingate fiercely AndjahejEfeipped. \- Grandpa was evidentlyjacting in an unutmal way. Hie pointed a claw-like finger at Wingate's massive chest, glared :np at hiin. with his'rhenmy -eyes, wagged his head, made fltxange -gabbling Bounds, and pulled at the arms supporting him, evidently in Mrii excitement. "Well, old gentleman,juid iow do you do?'-' Wingate jauntily-addressed him, taking the -jbemtljag handacd -sawing it pp and down, .f ^t is very flattering to me to think that Fve changed so little. Hey ? What ? took here,-MrsVenn,-if I were you I'd get *hioi off. .to lied as soon as possible. H-.lookB to me as if he were going •fo have a fit." \- .The Venn family removed the patriarch, with" soothing words to him and apologies to the gue'Bt, explaining that the old man ppas quite childish, and - not accountable (For bis vagaries. And the bride and bridegroom escaped, to their relief and pleapure, into the calm night. • CHAPTER III. THE -SCENT XCSS. . - . .. . - Talking of Iierie. Desailly and her fate, $n w-bich the one had become as much interested as-the other; Mr and Mrs-Wingate found their'way&lmoet;'hnorinBciouslyto the 'feates through which they had gazed, a few fiours earlier, at what they supposed to: be |ier home. .It. was'now invisible amongst fhe distant shades; but half a mile it the 'green ride lay far beneath the.moon, looking like a iawh for elves to dance on. Nettie held two' of the great bars in her .little -hands,, and peered between them -wistfully. Billy's eyes, over the top of her-head, searched-the night with^eqnal eagerness. The Chase was laying a spoil upon them both. The young lodge-keeper heard them talking, and -came out . to reconnoitre. Wingate accosted him/ asking leave to enter the enclosure. The request was at pnee granted to ah. old friend of the (squire's, who was exhorted to take his own time, and return when it pleased him. The man had some business of his own on Jiand, which would keep him up for an hour or two, and was willing to wait upon jthe strangers' pleasure. ._ We shall have time, then, toget-apeep at the house," Nettie joyfully, exclaimed. iShe was " dying," as she called it, for that" satisfaction. « Perhaps, if we look sharp," said Billy. -•'But the length of this avenue is about three times what it looks." And they set off to walk it at a swinging • pace, keeping the middle of the grass, to -be as far as possible from the black shadows - of the woods on either. Bide. Nettie held tight to her stalwart husband's hand, and after a little only spake in low tones, glanc-: ing hither and thither in a furtive way, with occasional jumps aiid starts ; for the - eense of mystery was upon hier—-delightful certainly,' enchantingly.. English, but a little nncanny, all the same. Bushes to right and- left ruBtled as they passed; . twigs snapped; owls went by with no^ aoond of. wings, phantom-like; couching . formB of deer arose, loomed for a moment, , and disappeared. These latter, were the: most romantic feature Of The Chase to her Australian mind, but ah antlered budi ip twilight, showing himself unexpectedly and merely as something alive and large, brings, as she expressed it, one's heart into one's mouth. . - The spectacle of'the old mansion, whap they reached the inner enclosure of garden surrounding it, enhanced this sense of phantasmal things, the general awesome- - nesatif the expedition and the hour. It was indeed- the -ideal hannted house.. Nettie Baid she had seen the very " moral" of it, under that titlfe, in an old volume of. . the "Illustrated London NewE." Ivy; cloaked embattled walls and hung ragged xrreathB torn' projections of ornamental Btonework; towers and tshimney- stackB; cose majestic from the mass, catting large blockB out of the" pellucid-eky. Moss jand weeds showed clear in the chinks of the t fiagged terraces, and nnpruned growths, icourthe once trim^paxteo-es^oveixanthe piUaired imlnstrade's and ahort fliglitB of ehailow Bteps leading from ojie level to another. A rusty gate hung -awry on a broken "hinge; gjavel paths were all but obliterated; etdrm~et?»wn. twigs and branches of trees lay where tie wind bad tossed them.bedded in>ank gtasa, s-ndjyer all ithis desolation:; the broad windows gazed 'blankly, from -under.their stone" brows, like open eyes of the dead. What a change!" Wingate muttered, in in awed voice ; " oh, «Aai a change ! I cannot understand it. E5or the boy's sake, if not for his .own—for common decency's Bate—he might have kept such a. beatitifnl iplace from going'to rack and ruin . like. ithiB! He doesn't deserve to own it: Well,- jl don't think we'll try to'make a home here, sweetheart." Oh.no!" whispered, Nettie, shivering- ^within the arm he had thrown around • her.: ' - - . -Nevertheless, he looked about him with :a fceen business-eye, trying to measur? ,th£ extent of: the dilapidafion, .and -whatrit -would cost to pnt ;the place in habitable repair. And while thus engaged, detachedfor the moment from the sentiment of the scene, Nettie startled liim with a sudden cry and a clutch upon hiB arm: In an instant she was within the rampart of that arm, as behind si padlocked door.. ' Hullo!" he cried; "whafs the matter?" '• , . , „,. "Look!" she" gasped. "Oh, look!' He looked hnrriedly hither and thither, •not knowing what she meant. " Hey ? Where ? I don't see 1 anything." : " Ifs.gone," she said,in'the same drythroated whisper. «' Bnt .1 saw it quite •plainly—in :Uiat -great window^rthe one 'hanging out ion the wall up tiier e." . 1 "law what,child? ;Oh,this is getting -on your nerves !" ' .. ' ; — Billy, you may disbelieve me if you like, but I did see it—a light like a candle —in that window at the endof the wing.' Watch, perhaps we shall Bee it again.' They stared steadily for-severaLminutes, and Baw:-no light -except -the moonlight, which was very «lear and. bright. In the silence they heard rustlings in the bushes near them, and above all other noises, the thumping of their heartB. "That/*said -Billy, in a low-voice, "is the wing where texie lived. - The big window belongs to what nsed. to be her bedroom—a great roomi that was three parts sitting-room, one oltfce Sjiestin the house. If you really saw a -candle Sn'it, of. course some one. must'be there. But they certainly told me it was all Bhut up.*? As he -spoke- they simultaneously detected a .figure gliding across a moonlighted oqrner of the'terrace |>eneatb the window. '-It was snch a ehadow iof a figure, and came and went "so^wiftly, that they baxely identified4tias..hnmaii,and were unable to distinguish eex. 1 Nettie sntothered a shriek in her husband's breast.; " -. " I eay. this looks very Euspicious," lie exclaimed excitedly, while tiying to soothe her alarm. " There are Borne little games going on that Ato.aathorities don't know anything about^ evidently. Poachers— burglars-rBomebody taking advantage of the empty home for unlawful pnrposes." "Oh,?®illy, come away, come away! They might eee us, and you at^qiarin^' and we are so fax from help!" -' '• " NbnsenBe, pet 1' Don't ;be a littie goose; Well; well go at once. dear—only' justJet me run up and see where that feflow -went; -to, first It would lie "cowardly leavB them to "do no one knows what TniBcihiflf, -and noclift a hand to prevent it./Sou sby here in shelter, and I'll be back in tw» minutes." - •• Bnt J^ettia, BauBtering^i fair etook of native courage,declared.thatifhe»nuBtgo on such-an errand, she would .go too. Neva wbnld ehe be separated from ,her huflljan3, whai0rerhappened. : ffih^y would die : : tpgeuier, if need were. . "Wingafcewould have preferred to make a sortie by ldmself—it would have *been tte «ooner over,andiie could-hayedealt eumxakrily ^wiai sany . -difficulty«encoxinte»«di ate upon which-4hey "had been leaning, nd Bet her little Ced><upon a path that led; by two flights of jnasanp steps, to the ter-" race under the wing Oiat had'been Lexie'a" private dwelling, aod the window in which Nettie -had seen the light. Here they prooeeded-softly, the man holding hiB -com-^ ^panion -behind him with a firm-.giip, and 1 keeping one eye on ihe window and the" other on the bushes to right and left, until? they ,reached the moonlit corner:where the 1 figure bad been seen. Here Billy stopped and ponnced npon something. • thatj lay 1 coiled on the weedy pavement under,the? shadpwof the balustrade like pne of.his' native snakes. He pulled it nU.tr into the -light, and lo, a rope.of^matiy fathome, new and Btrong, with a long thin cord attached to it, weighted at the end—similar to the tackle with which ships make fast to tug or wharf/trot of "inferior weight and quality. \- " Buiglars, of course," he - remarked, delighted with hie find. " Some of thein must have got in, and others are outside ; every window on the ground floor is barred like a. prison, so I suppose' -they are ' hauling themselves" into that upper one with the ' rope. Bat. bow the dickiehs did the-iirafc one get through ? It projected fax from the.jrajls that the ivy woildn't help.' They must : have got theline over something,but Ican'tseewhat. And the casements are shut - There are two, in the lower part, opening like doors. Lexie"loved to have them open; Bhe.was so fond of fresh air ! By the way, there's the door of the little staircase that-they say she sloped by; is that shut, I wonder?".- , It wasHhard and fast. And, when he ran half round tfie house, and rail back, before Nettie liad time to feel .deserted he fonndalltbe doors and windows wearing the same impenetrable look. And no sign otlife was visible, nor further txaoe of uie supposed marauders. In spite of whichj common prudence dictated a retreat under the circumstances. •'• ' - r. " If I were alone," said Billy,'."Td get to'the bottom of this, but I can't -expose you to the tender mercies of a burglar at bay. The best thing to be done is to get you safe td the inn, and then come back with men I can muster, and thoroughly search' the place.- .We will take the rascals'.rope" with us, at any rate, and trust they haven't. gOt another." ; 'He quickly made a coil of the-rope and Blung it oyer..his.shoulder. . With' the'- other arm he embraced his wife and propelled her homeward. Along the "cracked ana .weedy flags, down the moss- grown stpps, through the wilderness of a garden they scurried, .as -if theinsdres detected housebreakers; and neither of them enT joyed the romance of the situation in theleast. Bright as the moon was, their path to the 'rijsty gate, thni^h ^he rank, dank phipbjwrip-s, was amora ,feareome^»aE8age^ that-before; and when, -at a .-spot -where the bamohes closed above their heads, they, i - heard-a riutle and a movement as of some-: creature tracking !them, Nettie's haarfr' failed ier, and she screamed aloud. . Billy j thereupon dropped his lead of rope, clasped his wife to -his breast, planted his feetfirmly, and glared from^ide to side.' " Who's there ?" he called sharply, ifo answer. No sound. . , They listened with :all their tiiigUng ears, but-heard nothing. . " A rabbit.'or a bird, or perhaps olie of; the deer out of the woods," he murmuredsoothingly. " Why. child, wbat's come to you?" -.. '- But his own voice was a trifle unsteady. ; Eager to stand and face any danger that ^ he conld Bee, this shadow business unnerved him. A mile in twenty minutes was their rate oftrayel down the long chase to the lodge,' and the.little star that was Abel Bowe's - parlour lamp, on which they kept their eyes fixed steadily all the way, -wai a" great 1 comfort to them. The young tee per came - out to meet -. them, and speaking .both at Once and rather breathlessly, they poured he story of their adventure, into his ears. He received it without .visible surprise or Concern, anddiipbt-a^ree.with-Mr Wm-_ gate tliat«" midnight expedition was iecessary. ; - " Oh,you saw that light in the window^".v he. exclaimed," with much gravity. " I-^was wondering whether^you wouhl, -.I.was out; the other night, looldng at sojme .traps. aid saw it myself; and several otiie^ "pgople have seen it. The conclusion they've come to is that the old house'is hannted. sic. 1 t don't hold -with ghosts myself, bnt that's a ' the common- view." "'. - • Haunted be blowed I" was. Wingate's rude rejoinder; -and: he showed the rope, which waa mysterious withont being supernatural, and described how they -had seen' a man *'scoot" roimd a corner of the: house. " Beside," Baid he, " if ghoBts -were allowed to carry matches and candles, they'd born the places down." .. " I suppose there |tre ghests of lights - aswell as.ghOBts of people, if there'are ghosts at aU.'^argiied Abel Bowe. " Be that as it may, no mortal hand lit that'light you saw. sir. if ifrwas in the bigwindow pf the west wing *you saw-it. Because why? The day after it was first'iseen, MfBlackett and a whole j>otie of people, thinking just as jjrou'do that burglars were in the blouse, .went , in aid all over it, -and tried every lock .and.bolt, and thoroughly ransacked jthe whole place; and they proved'that 'nobody .could posaibly have beeh there. ^Especially in that room', were the window is; that was locked up tighter than any. •Sir.Walter doesn't like to .have people prying thera It used to be his wife's Topmu" "There must^be -a hiding-place in-, it," said Wingate. f'There is not, ^ir, b^ging your pardon. Every hit of wall and floor. was tapped and: tested f somsjjf tfoa boards "were ripped up: Mr Slackett-satisfied.himself.tiiat there was.no hiding-place." '"Theh the^ hiid got out of 'the : wind6w; with the rope in the meantime." - ^ >-. - "No, sir j for the ^a^ements. were found fastened on the inside." Well, but here'a the rope'-^ spaalc for itself. It T waa lying'close'-under the window. Itis -^mte new—just out i>f . the shop—no doubt bought on purpose. What do you suppose it was doing tiiere ?-' And the fellow.we saw running? - MuBt he ba a ghost too ?" - J 1 can't account foe. him, nor for tKe rope/' JIr Bowe .Admitted,- fingering the latter in an abstracted' way. ' " I thought nobody, caxed to go n«ir the -place -of a night, since there^ been this talk of the ghost in the window. Til see Mr Blackett about it-in the morning——" ; I will see him also," broke in -Wingate, with a.significant glance, at his wife. "And I willieep the rope, if you. pleas'e. . It is my evidence, yon Bee."'I intend to sift this thing-to the bottom, -ghpst and alL" . i>e; Continued') 