IN THE CITIES OF THE DEAD. (BY ITO.) OLD ST. DAVID'S. (No. 1.) When a boy I remember hearing the story of a lady who, it is said, was frightened to death by a ghost, which occasionally re-visited the "glimpses of the moon" in the neighbourhood of St. David's churchyard. The tale went that she was passing the ceme tery late one night, and distinctly saw a ghostly form ascend from one of the tombs, and float away overhead. She fainted, was subsequently taken to her home, where, after telling the story of her weird adventure, she died, the shock proving too great for her. I do not vouch for the correctness of this horrible tale, mind you, gentle reader. It was related to me when I was very young, and I believed every detail of it then; in fact, I never afterwards passed the churchyard late at night that I did not recall it to mind, and would hardly have felt surprised had a similar gruesome experience oc curred to me. Old St. David's burial ground, is just the kind of place one would associate with ghostly visita tions, more especially as it is at the present time. Situated on sloping ground in the neiglhtbourhood where Harrington and Davey streets junction, it bears anything but an inviting ap pearance. Ruin is to be seen every where over its uneven surface; many of the tombs are broken, headstones fallen down, weeds and rank growth hold sway where reverence for the dead should inspire the living to keep their last resting place presentable; sheep roam at will over the neglected graves, and the visitor reading the inscriptions on stones which denote where once familiar figures are now sleeping, cannot help asking, as did Rip Van Winkle - "Are we so soon for gotten when we are dead?" What have the church authorities to say in extenuation of their policy towards the graves of their dead? By their neglect are they not inculcating lack of reverence - one of the most stub born bars to effective religious training \- in the breasts of the rising genera tion? What can children think when they see sheep trampling over and fouling the grave of a once well-be loved divine, or when they note a gap ing breach, affording rats and other vermin ingress to the vault where the remains which young minds should be taught to regard as sacred from the touch of desecration, are deposited? Let those who are responsible for this state of things justify their action if they can. I certainly cannot. St. David's churchyard, Hobart, must date back to the very early days of settlement in this island. Old time records tell us that Colonel Collins was buried in the churchyard of St. David's, Hobart Town. To provide a temporary place for public worship, a small wooden church was erected on the spot, and its altar was reared over his grave. This building was blown down in a tempest, and its materials being carried off, left the resting place of Collins long exposed to the careless tread of the stranger. Sir John Frank lin, always generous to the memory of official worth, reared a monument, bearing the following inscription:- Sacred to the iremory of DAVID COLLINS, ESQ., Lieutenant Governor of this Colony, and Lieutenant Colonel of the Royal Marine Forces. On the first establishment of the colony of New South Wales he was employed as Judge Advocate, And in the year 1803 he was entrusted by His Majesty's Government with the command of an expedition, destined to form a settlement at Port Phillip, On the South Coast of New Holland, but which was subsequently removed to VAN DIEMEN'S LAND. Under his direction as Lieutenant Governor, the site of this town was chosen, and the foundation of its first building laid in 1804. He died here on 28th March, 1810, aged 56 years. 'And this monument long projected was erected to his memory in 1838, by direction of His Excellency, Sir John Franklin, K.C.H., K.R. I saw the Collins monument on the occasion of a recent visit to St. David's churchyard, and found it in a good state of preservation. It is a solid, square, block of stone, about 20ft. in height, and massive in appearance. Collins played such a very important part in the early settlement of this island that a brief reference to his career is demanded of me. From re cords to hand, I find he was the son of General Arthur Tooker Collins and Harriet Frazer, of Pack, in King's County, Ireland; his grandfather, Ar thur Collins, being author of a once well-known work entitled 'The Peerage of England." Young Collins deter mined to adopt the profession of arms, and at fourteen years of age he was lieutenant otf marines; at sixteen he comnmanded the military guard which attended Matilda, Queen of Denmark, to her brother's Hanoverian domninions. Three years subsequently he was pro minent in the memorable battle of Bunker's Hill, and by 1774 he had at tained to the position of captain of marines in the Corageux, a vessel of 74 guns, in command of Lord Mul grove. He was present with Lord Howe at the relief of Gibraltar, and after the peace of 1782 he retired to Rochester, with his wife, an American lady who survived him. In person we are told, he was remarkably hand some, and his manner was preposses sing. "To a culbtivated understand ing and an early fondness for litera ture, he joined a most cheerful and social disposition." Collins died in March, 1810, after having held the ad ministration of the island six years and thirty-six days. His death, ac cording to West, was sudden; except a slight cold there was little warning of its approach. He died whilst sitting in his chair, and conversing with his attendant. His funeral was celebrated with all the pomp the colony could command, and 600 persons followed his remains to the grave. It had been the misfortune of Collins to become in volved with the parties responsible in the deposition at Port Jackson of Go vernor Bligh. The subsequent worry he experienced over this regrettable in cident, it is said, ultimately hastened his end. In my next article I will have something to say concerning an other of our early administrators, namely, Governor Davey. (To be Continued.) 