gP? ^DAUGHTER: itg Harold it. Mackenzie .; [cOPrEIOBT BESIBVCD.] ? Chapter XVX- icoxnsmn. '? He knew IBis Borthwick and Mnrtel . to be fast friends, bat whether he coald ?'' mate a confidante of the former he was not anxious to try. So making some re ;i'-' made u to tho. next dance beginning, led her into tlie ball-room again. \- After what Eric had heard, he felt there \- and then an inclination to seek the open ; ? sir; to get anywhere from tliia gay lanchine crowd, which was whirling be . fore him. ; The mnsic seemed to shoot at him like lome mocking tiling ;thefaceB, flowers, and everything, in fact, that Rave life to the aoeno, only eeemed the more to add to his misery. To leave for Timboora at once was the first thought that occurred to him, bat this he felt might bring him into notice. So, he would, at least, remain till the morning and then make up his mind. As these reflections were conrsing ?wiflly through his mind, he caught sight : of Hiss Manton. ' Are you dancing this ?' be Baid, hur riedly. 'No, but what on earth has made you look so pale, hare yon seen a ghost V ; ' Without a word, »'- gave her his arm, and led lier fir airay to the corner of an apartment which had been tastefully de corated with fiWers. ' Here wo can talk in peace,' he said. ' My worst apprehensions are fulfilled if Miss Borthtrick's statement proves true. Everything has !-een in vain.' ?' Well, tell me quickly,' exclaimed Bliss Manton, ' It's too lioirible to think of. Muriel \ Grey is to marry another. God help the \ enrsed woman who penned that lotter.** \ His voice became thick as he uttered \ the words, and Miss Manton seeing his -V emotion gently placed her hand on his / lleevo baying. ' Do not believe all till I you havo such proof as may convince you. Much as I bclievo Miss Borthwick to be a truthful girl there may yet be r ' ' something to alter circumstances.' 'Yon were ever hopeful,' paid Eric, 'butsho lias convince me. Why, she heard it from Murisl's own lips in Lon don.' Further discussion of the subject was useless just then, strive as Miss Manton did to bring bilm to his wounded feelings. She thought it better to leave him quite alone for the present, eo wheu her partner csroo to claim his dnoce she arose, and ivith a gentle word of reassurance wen: out into the bright light of the ball room. Eric never stirred the live long evening from where ho had thrown himself. Xhe music came and went as som 7 tireless thing Jaii-hing at his misery. The flowore around liitn were drooping and dead from the licnt of the rooms, and his soul within him felt nn less weary. The one overwhelming grief of his life had as completely stunned him an the fr.ll which he had received in the Squatters' Cup. \ On the -i.iirn of the next day he made pr6na.ni 1 1 ous for bis return to Tirnnoorft. He could no longer stand the thoughts of nccs. dances, ur no) thing else, and wanted to be nuite alone. Alone with i J his thoughts, which, distracting as they: : * ' trere, seemed easier to bear than when j \ mixing witli a thruug of pleasure-loving j [ psople. ; ?/ ? As he rode s'.owly alone on his way to tho atalun!, nyvrr did wparv wanderer I returning from the hard'hipa and perils! 1 . of campai^Ti appear more completely ; ',''? broken doTm. !-?-»? that slrcnt'.lv lind , S re'urrjrd, and life seemed pleasant for ^ bun again another blow had befallen him. ;i Bevetige was hrginiing to Hfr in liis L^ proud nature for the first Lime. Ue could =? have forgiven Mrs. Fordyce even hftd ' Muriel once more been restored to him. i But now that this last gleam of hope : eeemed to bo fading in the distance lie L cried aloud for venjrp.mce. at all .'vents, i :. . that ho should stan.l before .'.Inric-I a ;?? puiltlens and honnrab'e mnii, that she t should lieu- from his o»n lips what vile ' ?j hand had torn their love asunder. i « . ' Wonld it be too late— too lato to atay \ i her marriage ?' : f ' Why do I auk mrseif thisr he mat I- tered. ?' Noihing that I can do will pre 1 vent it. Slie loves another.' ' Tears cuurscd fas', down his checks, like e any woman's. | CHAPTER XVII. I THE CiTiSTEOFDE XT UkXLE BF.IDRK. { The news of Malcolm's enungement 1 irith Muriel had been given out to the j ! world. The Society Journ.Ua had Gnixhcd I slandering the baronet's uon, and were \r rather inclined to regard his future in a f .? more hopeful tone. J- Wild rcportB had been circulated re Igardios the wealth of the young Australicnne, who was to be the future lady Scobold, which caused much annoy ance to Duncan Grey. He hated any thing of the kind, and flatly denied the report whenever he had an opportunity, .f and threatened to thrash the editor of a J certain paper if he did not immediately r cease publishing falsehoods. f U ow that everyl hing had been arranged i regarding the future of Muriel, and the | son-in-law elect, Duncan saw no reason ? way there should be any immediate ': UKcessity for returning to Australia. He ; liked to think, although Muriel mu«t be I taken from him in one sense, that a few I . hours by rail would bring them together y ? scain. f ? Tho thoughts of living ir Australia, ! ??? whilst she and her husband were in Eng '- land, did not at all meet with .his views, t and for this roason ho took a lease for \- twolvc months of a fine estate in Suffolk, {.. where ho enuld nmusi himself with the iron and have Malcolm and Moriel to amy with him occasionally. . * ? Mi». Grey, »t first, thought that pro s' lunging their stay in England was rather iif ' injudicions, seeing that Duncan had bnsi 81' ' nirss in Australia . S5?;. ?'?Why, Violet,' he said, 'yon seem jf ???':? more concerned abont the place than I ? X' am myerlf. The. seasons are good now, |.V nnd there is no caas9 for fear, otherwise ?.';?-' 1 should be off by the next steamer.' Hi-.: . The estate which Duncan had leased ~r- ~ was one 'f those splendid shooting pro ;££-'? pertira which entailed a large amount of fr't - expenditure lo keep it up in any sort of *?' style approaching its deserts. Theowner, g ^ ^ B young earl, who had come to grief on ^:: the turf, never resided there, for the good S' : reason that he- 'as unable to afford it. |:Vs/-. His annual income was so cut down, ,*?;-??' what with agricultural depression and i?i .:/ liigh interest to be paid on the existing 'S.A-. mortgage over the property, that to have j-p. attempted to do so would have hastened j»/-'-- bis ruin. The young peer had found a ^??J good tenant in Duncan Grey, who took a ;;&: ? .pride in the place, thoufth the Utter knew g'}.' that any improvements carried out would jj.-'- not bo for his own benefit hereafter. W'&-:'. 'I hate to see a place like this going to a-':'v the dDgs,' he would say, as he rode round Kjr; with a friend. E^i ' And much good bad he done daring his EpK~' short STJoutT. lmong the tenantry, wno W'p/ Jooked up to him with reverence and Mj$y : respect. fevl 35»ionse was an immense one, itand fpi'-r ' ing on tho highest part of the estate, from «£??-- the tower of which, for miles around, a P*S; ? glorions riew of the country eonld be ob W0^- UintA. ^&' Iiomaieple»snregronndsimmeQiately Kfe»- *mtonndjeg the house eloped away the WmS& \4lirabberies, once shamefaUy neglected, Bs&\- ' tm^tiiArtbatDancanhadoomeonthcscene, ^1;-' :-'ia^ mSleners were employed to keep K^JiptiHtltct order. Tho tennis-courts. fiOwcr-beds nnj 'hf,t-hfi?sp» w*»»v it.1^. Grey's especial deii'.'iit, mnl v,.»itnrs -?? ?l tAmbtou' who ktiw iii^in iti th- ir , former days of neglect were loud in Ihuir praises of them now. ?For miles^iruunii woods, stocked with game, gave splcbdid shooting, and Dun- can, who was an ardent upholder of this class of sport, revelled in the delights of tramping through turnip fields after the partridges, or standing at a hot corner bringing ' rocketers' to earth. In the beginning of October the Greys had taken np their residence, where Mal colm had followed them shortly after wards. The couD-de-orac- which Lottie fondly imagined she had given Muriel in regard to her lore for Malcolm bad signally failed. Immediately on receipt of Muriel's note he had harried to Havre and explained matters, telling her that Lottie's story was a vile calumny merely to extort vnnnnTr Til her innocence and lovo for Malcolm, she was ready to believe it, and took him for none other than a devoted and much-to-be-pitied man. How to conciliate, or rather get rid of Lottie, was a task which proved no easy one for Mal colm on hearing that she had firmly de clined to leave. His temptations of large sums of money were merely ridiculed by her. 'As if I am to be bought out and east adrift by your bribery. No, mon e&er;, you will live to repent yonr work and will see some day that a woman can strike, and hard too.' This was the last time he had ever listened to hei. His temper rose to an ungovernable height, whence, hurling at her all the epithets his toneue could find, he gnvc her a cheque sufficient to cover immediate wants and left her for ever. As she slowly raiBed the paper lying before her, she smiled that smile of triumph which so often was seen on her lips. ' As if he can escape me,' sho said to herself. ' I will let him marry ; Oh yes ! we women do not spoil sport, and then my turn comes.' Lottie soon after returned to Paris, where she had taken apartments for the whereabouts, thoogh she did not care to be so tnoch e» evidence since her desertion by Malcolm. When she saw, one day, that the marriage was to take place early in November, a Blight flush tinged her checks as she l«id aside the paper. Silence washeronlychaucenowof making her successful in the end, and this she knew well how to preserve. Like a snake in the grass she lay hid, awaiting her opportunity to dart. Malcolm's davs were one Ion? dream of bliss. He loved Muriel with all his soul, and was her slave entirely, granting everything that was in his power, to make her life if anything still happier. ' How often I recall the day of that horrid woman's visit,' she said to Malcolm as they wandered through the gardens one ' My love, why tronblc yourself about these silly ideas when all is over ? True, it was a fiendish story to invent, but where is the man who is safe from the tongUM of slanderers ? That woman i» one of the most notorious of her kind in London or Paris, and has many times be fore practised the same game.' 'Oh. Malcolm darling, I am so ttonk fnl tn think that she left me when she did. The remembrance of that revolver being pointed at my head will never fade from my memory. Even now in my sleep I Bometimes awake with aiitartand imagine she is looking down at me with those cruel oyes. How they shone ! I Bhall never forget them. ' My poor Muriel, it was indeed a terrible ordeal to go through. Do yoa know, too, that the woman was actually in the ffardens watchinp; us that morn inn 1 Yes, vhnt was how she found ont, and then directly my back was turned she seized the opportunity of tolling her lies, and thought to obtain money from i y''.\s it was,' snid Muriel, 'ahetook ' those lovely sapphires you gave me.' ' No matter, better she should have Hum; than have injured a hnir of your head : besides, what are bushels of sapphires beside my sweet Muriel.' Hero he bent down and softly touched her forehead with his lips. All . 'in ''IS J^reai. nappiiirns ttiwityD ;o on, go on for ever ? Dearest Malcolm, I wish for no other heaven than this. For you always to be with me, aud when I death takes one, for the other to be taken i too.' ' Come. Muriol darling, do not grow sad over oar love, remember wo have our duties in. life to perform though we arc to be men and wife. We cannot quite ?hut ourselves up from the world, or what wonld it say of us V' 14 1 suppose it would call us selfish,' said Muriel, ?' bnt lovers are selfish at uret, and it seems only natural.' The pheasant shooting had now begun in real earnest, as eaoli morning a party of beaters were sent before the guns to search the woods for game. Malcolm was a good shot, and for this reason was always given a busy corner in the drive, where, as the bronza-winged birds sailed above his head with a loud whir-r-r-r, be seldom failed in bringing them to bis feet. Muriel would often accompany the shooters in thick boots and short gown, when her march through turnip fields or even through ploughed ones would prove her to be as energetic as the rest. ' I like shooting for its surroundings and not actually ior the sake of killing,' she said, as they sat at luncheon one day. 'Now how much nicer this iB than DAVin2 lunciicoQ indoors. ' Well, for my part,'' said Duncan, ' I would prefer luncheon inside. 1 can't aay I am particularly fond of beetles crawling about me, and a risk of swallow ing a wasp in the claret,' ' Papa, you haven't a scrap of romance in you, and seo nothing beautiful in nature ; why, this very tree we are seated under is a study in itself. How can it be compared to those ugly gum-trees we JlSt c UKKU ilVlllg nuiuugai cui uui u-v« ? j Sometimes when I look back on the years in Australia I think it so modi ! time wasted.' j ? 'You little traitor,' exclaimed Malcolm, 1 1 why, only a few months ago yoa would not hear a word said against the place, and now you ran it down wholesale.' ' Tea, I admit such was the case, bat that it the way with all Australians, until they learn, better. When first they come to England they hate everything and aee no beauty in anything. London looks ngly and black, and as a ruie they have few friends to visit, consequently they are dependent for amusement entirely upon themselves. They soon grow tired of it, and aro glad to return.' j ' But that wasn't your ca»e, Muriel,' | said her father, 'you had a hundred i people who were ready to make life plea- ! sant for you, and one, I am thankful to say, has succeeded.' Duncan here raised his glass with a knowing wink at Malcolm. ' Oh ! I am not talking about myself ; you are so personal, papa.' She blushed a little and looked away. Those were Iiaj/py days in the Eastern County as Muriel wandered through the golden-colored woods, which would soon be hard and chill with the froats and snows of winter. Scarce a month re mained from the time when she would become Malcolm's wife, aud though so short a space, an unbidden thought wonld steal into her heart as she lay awake in the silent hours of the night wondering if anything would come to check their union. Muriel had believed every word of Eric's letter which hid been received stating Mrs. Fordyce's villainy, and, although regarding Eric in the light of a true and honorable man, hoped that he would not now come to disturb her other and deeper love. She had loved Eric once, bat thus she reasoned with her self. ' I knew notiiinc at the time, I was a Continued on Page 3. n:.r«c''M. I n--ver Inex what real love w, n, ul I i;.,t M Jclui.' -S ,-? CMiild 11.. t r.vl grateful for what yire. I'.,rJ;o.' lind dune, and yet, within li.TS.-ll1, thvr', wan a s«ret fee'.iog of self coni;r uuUl ion in having lind removed from liur path ti.at one person who do* barred her fr.mi iimrrvinir Malcolm. What Erica thoughts were on the matter she hardly liked to think abont. She knew what a large and unselfish heart he had, and how dreadful a blow her marriage with another wonld cause ' But I do not lovo him, and life would never be happy for him, or for me either. I cannot write to tell him I am engaged. But he will know that soon enough. It Is, indeed, a hard thing to be situated as I am, and no one con advise me.' These were some of the thoughts that wonld keep her for hours tossing on her pillows. She thought that when once the marriace was over nothing could matter then. Erio might come to Eng land if he liked, but all talk about her previous love for him would be a mere waste of time. Muriel still felt that there was one thorn in her bed of roses which might at any time make its presence felt — that thorn was Eric. Oftentimes Muriel would complain to Malcolm about leaving her, perhaps on wet days, to sit over the fire whilst the shooters were after the part ridges. ' It's all very well for you men going off early in the morning and leaving us women at home. But you have no idea how bored we get with one another's society.' Mrs. Grey had asked several young ladies with their mothers to make up the number at dinner of an evening, hut Muriel, beyond making herself jutt ordinarily agreeable, never cared to be long in their company. *n fact, when Malcolm was away from her the world appeared as a blank. ' Well, let us drive to-day, Muriel,' he said one morning, finding her in a dis contented frame of wind, and accordingly it was agreed upon. Vi-rv TOarv times afterwards, he would order the phaeton with its thoroughbred chestnuts, which spanked along the quiet highways with no more (nought of the weight of the carriage behind them than had it been a child's. 'I'll keep no rubbish in my stables,' Duncan would say, on showing hiseo/iinc collection to a friend, winch was very And his horses, whether for saddle or harness, were perfect of their kind, and Duncan loved them as if they were his own children. '? My conscience, how they're pulling. My arras are Aching despite that severe curb on Mamiion,' said Malcolm, as they traversed the road which led from Lamb ton to Dullington, the nearest town of any importance. ' Have we much business in the bnst ling city to-day?' exclaimed Mulcolm, satirising the place which loomed ahead. Dullinglon bore out its name to the letter. Its grass-grown streets, wide and long enough for armies to be marched through them without breaking line, woro the same appearance every day of the week, except Saturday, on which day market was held. Its shops had the same things in the windows month after month, despite the rapid changes of fashion, which, in this nineteenth cen tury we are no accustomed to. 'Well, of all the holes!' exclaimed Malcolm, drawing up his horses, with a Bcrooping noise against the curb, '* this is about the dullest that l'vo ever been ?' You have always some disparaging remark to make about places or people.' said Muriel, preparing to alight. ' It's the Bamc everywhere except in your be loved London. Now there is plenty of historical association, oven in this hole as you call it.' ' Whilst 1 am choosing a carpet suppore you co and inspect that tea-service in the Musvum which Queen Elizabeth is Slid to have used on a visit here.' ' Hang Elizabeth, what do I care about the woman or the tea- service.' Malcolm almost bawled this last remark out, ea that several of the passers-by looked HD. .' '? ' ' The sight of the trap, horses, and occupants, was a general object of ad miration as it bowled along through the quiet streets, making them echo again with its clanking pole-chains and clatter of honfs. 'How nice we look in the shop windows, said Munei. 'Well, don't be all day admiring your self. Jump down and order your carpet and 111 drive round to the Club.' Muriel in a second had sprung lightly to earth, whilst Malcolm, giving his horses a touch, rumbled up the main street to what was generally known as the Club, remarkable chiefly for bod cookine, inferior liquors, worn-out furniture, and members whose subscriptions were long over- due. To be CoirrnrusD 