RECOLLECTIONS OF CONVICT DAYS IN TASMANIA. BY "J. T." AFTER a sojourn of 132 days on the pitiless deep in a convict ship, we enter the noble River Derwent—old convicts were named after this river and were called "Derwenters "—and we were soon treading the un-made streets of that famous (at this time infamous) convict city—a city of gardens, known then as Hobart Town. Life in the days we are writing of was pretty rough, chain-gangs in their parti- colored clothing, brown and yellow (magpies, they were called) busy road making. These gangs were spread all over the city, and it was from them that the ranks of the bushranging fraternity were recruited, it being an easy matter to become non est if a convict happened to be out of irons—for it was impos- sible for the overseer at all times to have his eye on each convict under his charge: even among the chained-men many a one on mustering at the dinner bell failed to answer his name when called ! How or by whom the irons were knocked off was simply a matter of conjecture—of course, no one saw or knew anything about the escape—no, not even the convict to whom the escapee was chained !—if they did—and of course they did—it was because "peaching" simply meant—knocking out brains. At the time of the writer's arrival in Hobart Town two desperate bushrangers were in the height of their nefarious practices— Kocky Whelan and Martin Cash—the former the most cruel of wretches. I subsequently came to know both these gentlemen; the latter under peculiar circumstances to be hereafter referred to. The chain-gangs were employed at various works: drain-making, quarry- ing, sludging, brick and road-making, each gang being in charge of an over- seer armed with a carbine (an old cavalry arm) and a long-lashing-whip to touch up the laggards with. All the police were convicts, either ticket- of-leave-men or passholders—these were the two classes convicts were divided into—all of whom were com- pelled to report themselves for muster in their respective police-districts every three months—failing this they were gazetted absconders. To convicts who were well disposed, all went well, and to this class conviction proved a boon in comparison with home life with its attendant miseries, poverty, semi-star- vation, not omitting the game laws of England—the destruction of many a bright man. While, on the other hand, the refractory convict had a hard time of it—chains, solitary, the cat, Norfolk Island, Macquarie Harbor, Port Arthur and Maria Island—all places of terrible punishment, par- ticulars of which have been so graphic- ally described by the late Marcus Clark. Drunkeness was very prevalent in the convict days—publicans and police being of one class. In April, 1851, the writer was gazetted Inspector of Police, and quickly obtained insight into convict life, manners, intrigues and rascalities. Flogging was of daily occurrence. Listen to what one of my pass-holder-constables told me one night when visiting him at his post: "My first introduction to the cat was for not lifting my cap to a magistrate —I got 50 for that, and a rough 50 it was. Since then, I've kept reckoning gross receipts 1517—a pretty stiff total, sir. But one of the strokes of the first fifty shows on my back, to-day." 'Twas recorded somewhere that "Horatio Barnes, one of the cascade gang, was sentenced to two dozen every morning, till he owned to the stealing of a telescope from the Past Officer's office, although he knew nothing what- ever of the larceny. For 20 days he was flogged and then sent to Maria Island for 15 months." Then there was Jonathan Kind, accused of steal- ing a billiard- ball. He got 2 dozen pick-me-ups and told to find the ball ; knowing nothing of the theft he got 4 dozen more and 18 months in double irons. Another convict says, "I got in a bit of trouble and they carted me off to Norfolk Island, a perfect hell on earth. Talk of being topped (hanged)! We used to draw lots who should be killed, or should murder one of the warders, so as to get out of the hole— I was always jolly unlucky ; and neither got killed nor killed anybody. There they were starved like rats and flogged till they dropped dead." Biddy McCarty was charged with stealing a petticoat, another convict woman being impli- cated—they were ordered to be chained together until the garment was found. Now as the petticoat has never been found—we suppose they are chained together still—sex talionis. No wonder convicts benefitted by the tyrannical example set them by "the powers that be." Here is a case : Joe Bilton, of Kangaroo Point, sawyer, ex- convict, now free by effluxion of time, having had to serve every minute of the 14 years transportation to which he had been sentenced by Lord Denman at the Old Bailey London. His prison record was bad, the cat-o-nine-tails and himself were well acquainted with each other. Bilton employed some dozen hands T.L's. and P.H's. It was cus- tomary then for masters of assigned ser- vants who were guilty of any misconduct to pass a note to the nearest magistrate, stating the offence, and extraordinary to relate—requesting that functionary to inflict such or such punishment as recommended in the note, the offender in all cases bearing the fateful missive; sometimes the punishment would be back to the chain gang, oftener "the lash." After infliction of the latter, the poor, lacerated, bleeding wretch would be returned to his employer, sometimes a weary cruel march of 20 miles. A flogger, generally a P.H., was always kept at all country police stations—and a tub of brine—which was liberally applied to the victim's back on being released from the tri- angles. This Joe Bilton had a fiend- ish delight in having his men flogged. On one occasion one of the sawyers had been guilty of some slight mis- conduct which might have been met with by reduction of rations or stoppage of weekly supply of rum; but, no, away the poor fellow was started with the fateful note recommending the magistrate to inflict 50 lashes on the bearer, whom tender-hearted Mr Bilton characterised as the veriest devil in his employ. I happened to know the pass holder as a well conducted man, con- sidering the convict regime then in existence. Piqued with curiosity as to the contents of the missive entrusted to him for delivery, my convict friend opened it, and to his horror found that he was to be spread-eagled. Tearing it into shreds and scattering it to the winds he became a changed man,— changed (as he afterwards told me in the condemned cell) into a wild beast —every particle of humanity was des- troyed in him. That night, stealthily he entered Bilton's sleeping hut, and taking from the wall Bilton's fowling piece he scattered the owner's brains and then absconded into the bush, join- ing a party that had been at large some months, and leading the gang. He soon became notorious for cruelty, out- shining even Kocky Whelan, who was a fiend in human form, who at one time while out in the bush stripped a constable stark naked, lashing him to two heavy logs, and placed the naked, shivering wretch on a bull ant nest, leaving a lump of damper and a panni- kin of water at arm's length of the poor victim, but not within his reach, leaving him there. Three days elapsed, when Kocky visited the poor constable —he was then just alive—the ants had had a glorious feast, both eyes were eaten out and————but I must go no further, suffice is to say the bread and water was found untouched. Kockey had revenged himself on this unfortunate constable because he had been flogged by him when at Port Arthur. It is a satisfaction to be able to say that Kockey was shot in the groin while being arrested, that he suffered for weeks, but being patched up, Solo- mon Blay, the hangman (whose death was recorded recently in the Age), made it pretty hot for him on the gal- lows, as the constable whom Whelan had murdered was a relation of the executioner. Kockey Whelan was 23 minutes choking before he gave up the ghost. Joe Bilton's murderer had but a short career, ending his days on the same scaffold from which Kockey Whelan was launched. Such was life in the days of which we have written. 