The Day is Coming. By William Mourns. Como hither, lads, and hearken, for a tale tboro id to tell, Of the wonderful days a-coming when oil shall be better than well. And tho tale shall be told of a counuy, a land in the midst of the sea, | And lo.k nil all call it England in ib. days tout ate going to be. There more than one in a thonsan! in the days that are yet to come, Shnl have u> me hope of ihe morrow, some io.v ot tie ancient heme. For then — laugh not, but i'stcn tu this stiango tale of mine — All folk that are in England shall be better lodged than Bwine. Then a man shall work and bethink bim, and reioice in the decdB of his hand, Nor yet come home in tho even too faint and weary to stapd. Men in that time a-ooming shall work and have no fear For to-morrow's lack of earning and the hunger-wolf anear. I tell you this for a wonder, than no mr.r. shall then be glad , Of bia feilow'a fall and mismq. v:< e.s.t.c'i :-'i t tho- work he had, 1 For that whinh the .workor wuiaeta ! lihcii 1- hie indeed,- . 1 Nor shall half bo reared for nothing bv hue j that eowed no seta. O strange new wonderfnl justice 1 Bat fur /whom shall we gather the gain ? For ourselves and for euch of -our follows; and no hand shall labor in vain. Thon all mine and all thine shall bo ours, and no more shall any man crave For riohes that serve for nothing but to fetter a friend for a slave. And what wealth then shnll beleft us when none shall gather gold To bay his friend in the market, ><nd pinoh and pine the sold ? Nay, what save the lovely oity, and the little houBQ on the hill, And the wastes and the woodland beauty, and tho happy fields we till ; And the homes of anoient stories, tho tombs of the mighty dead ; And the wise men seeking out marvels, and the poet's teeming head. And the painter's band of wonder ; and the marvellous fiddle-bow, And the banded choirs, of musio all those that do and know. For all these shall be ours and all men's, nor shall any lack a share Of the toil and the gain of lining in the days when the world grows fair. Ah I such are tho days that shall be 1 But what are the deeds of to-day, In the days of the yeara we dwell in, that wear our lives away. Why, then, and for what aro we waiting I There are three words to speak: Wk will it, and what is the foeman but the dream strong wakened and weak? O why and for what are we waiting ? while our brothers droop and die, And on every wind ot the heavens a wasted life goes by. How long shall they reproach- us where crowd on orowd tbey dwell, Poor ghosts of the wioked oity, the gold " crushed hungry hell I Through squalid life they labored, in sordid grief they died, Those sons of a mighty mother, those propB of Englqpd's pride. They aro gone ; there ia none can nndo it, nor savo < ur souIb from the ourse ; But many a million comcth, and shall they be better or wone ? It is we must answer and hasten, and open wide the door For the rioh man's hurrying terror, and the slow foot hope of the poor. Yes, the voioeleBa wrath of the wretched, \- and their unlearned disoontent, We muBt give it voioe and wisdom till tho waiting- tide he spent. Come, then, since all things call us,- the liv ing and the dead, And o'er the weltering tangle a glimmering light is shed ; Come, then, let us cast off fooling, and put by eaao and rest, For the cause atone is worthy till the good dayB bring the beat. Come, join in tho only battle wherein no man a an fail, Where whoso fadeth and dieth, yet bis deed shall still prevail. Ah I oomo, cast off all fooling, for this at least, we know : That the Dawn and the Day is coming, and forth the Banners go. The Miners' Congress in England has passed resolutions fixing the minimum age for the employment of boys at 13, supporting the eight hours' movement, and protesting against contracting out of the Employers' Liability Aot. The. Congress also approved of a proposal supporting the nationalisation of land, minerals, and railways. It has been decided by the Congress that delegates to trade congresses shall in future act on trades union fines. 