Sporting Intcltiscncc. CRICKET. A fairly good team paid a visit to Warrenheip on Saturday last to play tho locals a return match, the pruvious matoh having boon played nt B:\llnn on Boxing Day. Ou that occasion Ballan won by 80 runs, but Warrenheip then promised to make tilings closer when they got on their own good wicket. On arrival at Warrenheip the Ballan hoys were met by a goodly number of Warrenheip players and supporters and escorted to the hotel where they were entertained at a very sumptuous dinner and formally welcomed to Warrenheip. About 2.30 p.m. a move was made for the local cricket ground and play started at once. The Ballan skipper won the toss and decided tn bat, going in himsolf with Williams as a partner, on as good a wicket a-s could be found in the country. Hannah started at once, gutting 10 off the first ovor, and ooth batsmen settled down to work very quickly. The score kept mounting up, and when the players adjourned for a short rest, Ballan had scored 90 with no wickets down. On resuming there was no diminution iu the rate of scoring, boundary hits coming pretty freely. Hannah completed his century amidst great applause, but almost immediately afterwards was snapped up at the wicket. The score board showed 1-100-171. Hannah's innings was as near perfect as it is possible to get. From start to finish he did not give the ghost of a chance, and at the same time did not fail to lay on the wood when the opportunity of. fered. O'Hehir, the next batsman, started alright, but missing a straight ball, put his leg where the bat ouglit to have been, and was out l.b.w. 2-6185. J. H. Walsh started freely, and Williams kept, pegging away and was now approaching bis 100. When the score stypd at 219, Walsh < rori-'-bnl^^nsslSal^-s^hiPMMg^ia •> away to save Williams? 3-10-219. W, made 2 and was then tempted by i from Strickland, running out lie missed the ball aud fell a victim to the cleverness of Lowe, the wicketkeeper. 4-2-223. M. Han- : rahan stayed long enough to see William! complete his century, and then the innings was closed with 4 wickets down for 226 to give Warrenheip a show with the bat. Williams played a very fine innings, and beyond a chance of stumping aud a difficult catch, he did not make a false stroke. Wheelan and Trewartha were the pioneera for tho locals to the bowling of Kennedy and Hannah. Wheelan fell a victim to Haunah's fourth ball, being clean bowled. 1-3-5. Kennedy's next over was fatal to Greaves, he being well caught by W. Lay. 2-2-8. Withont any alteration to the score, Tre. wartha retired bowled by Hannah. 3-3-8, Ritchie made a single and then Jas. Kennedy kuocked his leg stump out with a yorker. 4-1-9. H. Strickland and Lowe carried the score to 17 when time was called, the match ending in a draw. Jas. Kennedy bowled in his best form, getting 2 for 7, while Hannah got 2 • for 10. The latter seemed to trouble the batsmen most, and on several occasions he beat both batsman and wicket H. Strickland was the only bowler on the Warrenheip side, who was successful in getting a wicket. Ballan team fielded with all their usual dash ami willingness mat. ing a marked contrast to the attempts of tht Incal players. A notable exceution on (' Warrenheip side was Air Lowe senr.. ivli wicketkeeping put tn shame the efforts o any player in that department of the ga outside of Ballarat or Melbourne. We I lieve Mr Lowe, who is 5S years of ai;e is: old iutercolouial phyer. He plays the pan with all the verve and vigor of youth, ai judging by his activity ou Saturday laatv would say he has at least another 58 years cricket iu him. The Ballan team can or" speak in the very highest terms of t hospitality and good fellowship of the peop' of Witreuheip, and the hope was freely el pressed on both sides that these match should be considered as annual fi^tu The following are the scores. BALLAX. Hannah, G. A., c Lowe b Strickland... 1 Williams, J. L.. hot out 1" O'Hehir, M.. l.b.w. Strickland... Walsh. J. H...run out fitip LowaJi -S&r4ck3aiid; Haurahan, Al., not out Sundries WAHRESHEIP. Wheelan, C., b Hannah Trewartha. P., b Hannah Greaves, A., c Lay b Kennedy... Strickland, H., not out Ritchie, W., b Kennedy Lowe, P., not out 4 wickets for 4 wickets for 1 The Bullarouk Cricket Club will Ballan a visit ou Saturday next, to try 1 elusions with the local team. Bullar" liossesscs some players such as Frost and t Leviston Brothers, who eujoy a great re tation not oniy iu their own district b amongst the cracks of Ballarat. It will interesting to watch the contest betw tliein and our own champions. Hannah a Wi.liams are just now in splendid form, aa backed up by Walter Lay, J. H. Wals O'Hehir, Evans, and iu fact all the tea they should give the visitors a really go' game. Ballan's team will be chosen 'from t following : -Brown, Evans, Lav (2), han, Hannah, Kennedy (3), O'Hehir, D moud (2), Elliott, Walsh, Williams, liend son, anil Walker. 