IA STri'LINUSHIRE PLOUGH MAN'S STORY. We were gathered rouod the bothy fire o., cold winter night when the esiu'veroation turned on ghosts Each member of the colpany hlst some thrilling taleto tell, either of his own ex perience, or that of someone else. and when it csme to Bob Morris' turn he remarked, "I osol pose, boys, none of you ever heard ms tell of lmy experience P" " Never," we ohorulse. " Let', hear it. Bob P".and he began as follows r S"Bome fifteen years ago I wes serving at Bonkend, on the west side of Denny I was .second man on the farm, and shared the hothys with two other young fellows, and a heren, scnarum setwe were; few ploys occurrediju tie distriot that we had no hand in. . How well I remember the midnight raid we piuaned on ans. 'old gentleman's fruit garden, which stood alxsut half a mile from the farm The night selected was well suited for our purpose, there lsinsg in moon. Reaching the garden, we scaled the wall, and in a short time had our pocknets ?.wi. lined with apples, besides filling a small s.ck., when the owner of the vineyard suddenly appeared. Bob Jooes, who was on the top of 'the wall with the bag, dropped sofely on the other side, dhd we lost no time in following. "But the old fellow was not to be done so easily, and we soon discovered he was on our track. About half-way to the farm we came upon an old deserted mansion called l:owan. banok, which stood by the side of the road, and had the reputation of being haunted., N'cver very particular at any time we were less so now,. and had scarcely concealed ourselves in one of? lower rooms when the old fellow came puling up. He paused irresolutelyopposite the houoe.? apparently uncertain whether we might hn.t have taken refuge there. Just than a bloodl eurdling yell issued from the building, 'rnJ he .Immediately took to hiu heels aud'away.back the road be come. " You will suppose, nod doubt, that we were convulsed with laushter at this, but, if so, you were never more mistaken. We crouched in a corner of the rone too terrified to move. Eud denly, without warning. an inner door opened and a tall wirite figure beoring a lighted lantern appeared on the threthold. This wos too touch. and with a wild rush rwe reached the window, and tumbled out. Quickly regainine our feet we struck a bee line for the farm, arriving there without mishap. S hNext day we beard that ' Daft J Lek,' the village ' natural,' was boasttng hew he hadt Brightened some chbs at the ' big hoose' the night before. and we were inclined tobelieve his statement, when, uu investigation, we found that the bag of fruit left behind in our hurry dad disappared. As we had a two-fold object, however, in keeping silcist ou the subject, Jcci w alloed to ra?s s.ater of[ the aituatior. 