TALES AND SKETCHES. PUBLISHED sr SPECIAL AEBAVOEMEHT. THE LOVE "THAT WINS. BY MARY ANGELA DICKENS, Author of "Croas Currents," "A Hen Cypher," "A Modern Judith," "Prisonen I ßüenoe," " Valiant Ignorance," "AStr»ng< Redemption," bu., Ac , COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXIV.-DAVID FRERE ANSWERS f - His LSTTIIK. Winter weather, with all its attendant miseries of fog and frost and rain, had given place to spring-spring, gracions and profuse of sunshine. It was an afternoon towards the end of Marah, and even London seemed to feel the springs of its vigour and gaiety renewed by tho brightness. About the dees In the Hyde Park a misty veil, gray, green, or even red, as the light struck it, seemed to have risen above each tree, har- binger of the screen of leaves to come. The grass, so young and green, was gay with crocuses and daffodils. Even in the streets, flowers, the vary emblem of the re riving year, struck the note of spring again and again. Baskets at street comers, tracks drawn up by the «ide of the pavements, with their confused masses of colour, and the vague fragrance which they diffused, did even more than the cultivated beauty of the florists' shops to witness to the re-awakening of that lavish spirit of Nature which is for rich and poor aUke. There was a slight girlish 6gare going from east to west along Oxford-street, on which the all-pervading breath of spring seemed to zest in vain, though she carried' almost an armful of spring flowers. Perhaps it was partly by contrast with their fresh suggestion that thé ?mall face above them looked so very pale and aníet. . Hilary walked rapidly, threading ber way mechanically, until she reached the neighbour- hood of Marble Arch. Then abe turned to the right, and a few minutes more brought her to the house in whioh Michael Pembroke bad set np his establishment on roturning from France not six months before. She opened the door with a latchkey, and going into the dining-room, deposited her flowers on the table and went straight out of the room again and up 'the stairs to the drawing-room. The drawing-room was empty. The windows were open and the fresh air and sunshine streamed in. Hilary moved quiokly to and fro, collecting all the receptacles for flowers whioh presented themselves. She carried them down to the dining-room and began to CU them, doing her work deftly and successfully, but with a rapid precision in striking contrast to the tottering delight with which the Hilary of old days had been in the habit of carrying out such a task. Between the Hilary of to-day and the Hilary who had arranged her flowers in the store-room at Stratton Court on the morning of the day on which Tessa and her husband came home a great gulf had opened. She had nearly finished her work, when she paused, crossed the room quickly, and stood in the doorway jost as Tessa reached the hall. "Are you going out, Tessa, dear?" she I "Sea dear! For a littlo while." Tin . unconscious patience of tho voice waa written also in every line of Tessa's aged and altered face. The soft, Bmooth bair was very gray, the plump face had lost substance and grows loose-skianed and finely wrinkled about thc eyes, the gentle eyes themselves looked dim and sad, and the smile with which the lips greeted Hilary hardly touched them. "Is it Hrs. Clementst" Mrs. Clements was ac old friend of Tessa's ; s widow and an invalid ; and Hilary knew that her sister rarely went elsewhere. " Tee 1" answered Tessa. " Good-bye, my dear." Shs kissed her. Hilary opened tho front door and sped her on her way, and then went back to the dining-room and her flowers. Nearly three months had passed since that foggy evening which had witnessed thc de- claration of Michael Pembroke's malady; three months during which the life of the two sisters had worn on from day to day in the monotonous quiet of the half-empty house. The one self-originated determination, which had coloured all Tessa's acquiescence in the arrangement of the train of, painful details which followed on the consignment of Miohael Pembroke to » private lunatic asylum, was ber resolution to remain in the house in which her husband bad established her. From the first it bsd been apparent that Bbe looked upon his present condition os a temporary illness, during the course of which everything must, as far as possible, await his recovery and consequent resnmption of the direction of his own affairs. And before that dreary February had rained itself out, the reports of Michael Pembroke's doctors began to justify his wife's waiting attitude. His disease, after running a furious course, began to subside. Favourable symptoms appeared, and his re- covery was declared to be a matter of time only. The outbreak in the club had marked the culminating point in the attack. This crisis onoe passed, all that followed made for improvement and re adjustment of the mentar balanoe. It was in the condition preceding that outbreak in the deceptive surface of sanity, beneath which had lain and grown for weeks and months one of the most hideous forms of mental aberration, that all that was moat sinister in Michael Pembroke's condition was to be found. A few searching questions put to the wife, a miaute cross-examination of the brother and sister-in-law who com- pleted the patient's household, and the theory which Hilary had struggled to bring home to Darrent in their interview in the smoking room was confirmed and developed by the doctors into a circumstantial and authoritative record of disease. Michael Pembroke had arrived at Stratton with bis brain in a trate of nervous irritation, which was his preoursor of actual insanity. The noblest nature is liable to perversion under such a taint. The fact that Michael Pembroke's impulses in a normal condition bad been cynical and even evil might or might not have tendered more certain the direction in which his mind, diseased, would turn ; it undoubtedly gave a grim appearance of sequence to the causo which that disease actually took. His moral faculties succumbed before his mental po wera. Darrent Cheslyn happened to Sresent himself as an object for his morbid islike, and a wayward impulse took posses- sion of him to tamper with the life and nature whose happiness and egoism had offended him. This impulse was further reinforced by his keen comprehension of, and delight in, the pain thus to be inflicted on Hilary. His insanity developed. And his attitude towards Darrent developed with it from mere irritable dislike to unreasoning hatred. The idle inclination of the earlier stage, with its atmosphere of malicious self-entertainment and. doubly gratified cruelty, passed into a purposo, deep and relentless, from which all personal thought of Hilary was gradually eliminated. The progress of his disease had swept her from his consciousness, as that con- sciousness concentrated itself with almost increasing intensity ou one end. The object of his hatred was to be utterly destroyed. AU his dealings with b¡B young brother-in-law were details in scheme by which this result was to be brought about ; a scheme patient, elaborate, and cruel beyond the conception of any but a madman. Darrent had been led into every form of dissipation ; the squandering in au incredibly short epace of time of tho greater part of his capital had been facilitated by every conceivable device : he had been introduced to Lady Arthur Grant that her influence might accomplish % certain stage in the work of destruction. Then, when ber caprice operated unexpectedly in the opposite direction Michael Pembroke deliberately in- terposed. There could be no reasonable doubt that Pembroke had intended to utilise the reckless despair which Lady Arthur's treat- ment must create in Darrent to bring about his final purpose-his victim's suicide. Not all this ghastly sequence of cause and effect was made detr to Tessa. She was vaguely aware that there was some terriblo connection between her husband's illness and her brother, but the details were allowed to remain confused and blurred for her. To Darrent, however, the facts were put by the doctors themselves as plainly as might be. But Darrent had loug ago been swept beyond the point at which the knowledge thus pre- sented to him might have shocked him into reflection. For linn the whole position turned upon one pivot ouly-his own deception by Lady Arthur Grant. The innate vanity and egoism of his nature, thus wounded to thc quiok, blinded him to reason, blurred for him the simplest facts, demanded one thing only -au object against which the rage which surged iu him might direct itself. His passion for thc woman who had coquetted with bim hold good in spite of alt. Ho might resent ber treatment in every fibre, but her fascination waB upon him still-to the intolerable accen- tuation of his tumultuous misery-and some other scapegoat must needs be provided. On Hilary, who stood, from one point of view, as the centre figure in the drama unrolled before his almost unheeding eyes-on Hilary, in whose girlish passion the whole dark present stood rooted-the brunt of the wrath Bpent itself. Choking his bitterness, even from himself, as resentment for the wrong done to Tessa, he refused to see Hilary, declaring that her concealment was a thing never to be for- given. And he left England, leaving the affairs of the two lonely women in the hands of comparative strangers, to depart no one knew whither. On Hilary, therefore, the full force of the storm spent itself, and ehe faced it with a quiet horn of reaction from suspente to cer- tainty. The secret with reference to her sister's husband, the secret which was now a secret no longer, had been the shadow of her life since it had first forced itself npon her on that long ago evening in Stratton Park. It bad poisoned the last years of her childhood, it had lurked behind all the brightness of her readjusted life, and its influence bad cul- minated in the long agony of the past months. It was little wonder that the final crisis should have found her insensible and almost apathetic Her nerves were seared. She accepted Darrent's condemnation of ber unprotest ingly, almost stupidly. She had lived through the first week which followed Miohael Pem- broke's outbreak, actuated by one instinct only, to bring to Tessa such comfort as un fi ¡ling tenderness and devotion might avail to create for her. Tessa never blamed her ; never even seemed to realise her share in the catastrophe which bad fallen upon her. And this forbearance, though it cut Hilary at times to the heart, was the one rope in the general shipwreck to which she could cling. It left open to her that one possibility of devotion to Tessa, and by that devotion her every word and act were dictated. Her every word and act ; and, in the first numbness, her every thought also. As she was in Tessa's presence, so she was in her brief intervals of solitude. The long nights of sleepless suspense were things of the past. She slept heavily, as she went through her walking hours automatically. But latterly, as February gave plane to March, there had come a change. There were times, when she was alone, when the quiet of her face would break up ; she would wake in the night crying wildly ; and she had intervale of painful restlessness, hidden always from Tessa's knowledge. sue was evidently norning nerseit c&reiuiiy; in band as she finished her Sowers, now, in the quiet dining-room, so carefully and resolutely that the line of her lips grew straight and set. She finished at last, and carried her handiwork np to the drawing-room, and thclast bowl of flowers placed, she remained standing by the table, absently touching and re-touching it. So absorbed was she that when the drawing-room door opened she lifted her head vaguely. A moment later she had started sharply ; life and consciousness had come back to her face with a rush of scarlet colour, and Bhe caught al thc back of the chair. The servant bad announced : " Mr. Frere !" And entering the room together, just as they had come so many times into the room at Stratton Court, were'Argus and MB master. The servant withdrew, shutting tile door ; David Frere had paused uncertainly ; and Ibtill Hilary stood there, looking full at him, all the lines of her face relaxed and quivering. Then a seuBe of MB hesitation Beemed to influence her. AB though thom blind eyes could have seen ber face she forced it into composure, and went towards him, speaking as she did so. "How do you do?" Bhe Bald, in avague, hard tone. " How kind of you to come." At the first sound of her voice the intent expression on David Frere's face relaxed ; a light leaped up in his eyes, and hs came up to her rapidly and directly. " How do you do?" hu responded, speaking quickly and rather low. "I am fortunate in finding you at homo." He held out his hand as he spoke, and Hilary perforce laid her little fingers in it. She drew them away rapidly, however, and stooped down to speak lo Argus. "Dear old Argus I" she said. "Arc you as wisc and good as ever 7 That's right t" with a nervous laugh, as Argus offered his paw again and yet ngain. 11 Won't you come and sit down ?" she added to Argus s master ; and she lcd the way to some chairs near thc window. Then David Frere spoke. " Miss Che8lyn," he began, " I only reached London yesterday. I have been in Rome all the winter. I left directions, of course, that all my letters should be forwarded, and I thought that this had been done-until last night." Hilary interposed. Another burning wave of oolour had rushed over her face, and her hands clasped and unclasped one ano'her pain- fully. " Don't think any more of it please," she said, hurriedly. " I thought it must be some- thing of that kind. It-it was very stupid of me to write at all." He leaned forward with a sharp ejaculation of pain. " Ah !" he (aid. " Don't say that. Ii the letter had reached me nothing should have stood in the way of my acting on it. It would have been-I should have come back to Eng- land at once. I found it last night with two or three others-a batch that had been slipped into a drawer and forgotten. I heard only hut week from my aunt at King's Stratton, and I am not exaggerating when I say that I j would give ten years of my life to have received your letter in time." He did not epeak passionately or even vehemently, but there was a singular vibration in his low tone. And something In their depths seemed to penetrate Hilary's painful, almost shamed agitation, and soothe ir. Her hot colour faded, the nervous movement of her hands relaxed. She leaned back suddenly ra her chair as she said, very low : " Thank you." There was a brief Bilence. David Frere seemed to need the interval for private pur Eoses of self-command. Hilary seemed to ave almost lost touch with ber surroundings for thc moment, in a new sensation of rest and quiet. She drifted back, however, and broke the silence. "Haveyou beard-everything!" she said, with the ghost of a miserable little smile. " Do you know that it was all my fault !" "I have heard everything I" he answered quickly, almost sharply. " You were a child 1 It was a child's She stopped him, lifting her head peremp- torily. " Don't 1" she said, in a low, unsteady voice. " I know 1 But-I did it 1" She turned away her face, pressing her chin on her hand as her elbow rested on the arm of her chair, and he did not speak at once. Then he said : " Why did you not tell me-that afternoon when we met in the lane ! If you could have told me 1" " I wanted to 1" she said. "I nearly did. I think-I meant to I" She stopped abruptly. Her voice had altered oddly, even on the last word, and the next moment she had risen. " You'll have some tea, won't you !" she said, in a hard, conventional tone. " I'll ring." There was a perceptible pause before David Frere replied. His brows had contracted sharply. Bnt be spoke gravely and quietly. " I did not come to trouble you about the past, MÍBB Cheslyn. Forgive me, if I blundered. I came to see if I could help you with the present. I hoar that there is a-a breach, between your brother and yourself, and that you are not always aware even of bis whereabouts. If this is sol cannot bear to think what it must mean to you." For thc second time since he had entered tho room his voice seemed to penetrate straight to the very core of Hilary's conscious- ness. She stopped suddenly, with her hand actually on the bell, and looked at him. Her lips turned white, and she shivered sharply. The pain which had been gradually rousing her from the merciful apathy of thoBe first weeks was being put into words for her for the first time. " He is abroad I" she said. She spoke rapidly, as though she were trying to defend herself from the emotion she had learned to dread. " He is abroad." " I know 1" returned David Frere, gently. "I am sorry with all my heart." Hilary turned uway, flinging out her hands with a sudden gesture of utter self-abandon- ment and despair. " Ah !" she cried, " you understand, you understand. Oh, my boy ! my poor, poor boy! Think of it. I don't know whore he ¡B. I can do nothing for him. He's beiog swept and tossed about, further and further from his real Bclf, and tbcre'B no one-no one-to help bim. Darrent ! Darrent 1" Her voice broke as she finished into a low, choking Bob, and she let her face fall on her hands, struggling so fiercely for eelf-oontrol that her whole slight figure quivered from head to foot. " Will you tell me whattt is you are afraid of for him!" ' " Everything I" Hilary lifted her head, 1 clasping her hands possionately. " He ia so changed ! Tou could not understand unless 1 you knew him as he is now. There's nothing dreadful that I should be surprised to hear about him. I expect it 1 I watch for it every day 1 And there's that woman !" Hilary pushed her hair feverishly from her fore- head. " She made him love her as he never loved anything before ; as I didn't think he could lore I And he can't forget ber, fae can't leave off loving her, even though be is furious with her. That's what makes him take it all so hardly ! He's tortured all the time between bis love and his resentment. He's wild with misery 1" David Frere made a slight gesture of compre- hension. " When did you hear of him last ?" he said. " Three weeks ago !" she answered. The relief of free expression was doing its work, and she was quieter. " He was at Monte I Carlo then-Bhe was staying at Cannes, and he follows her wherever she goes, though he never speake to her or goes near her. Since then I ve heard nothing. I know Bhe's in England again, but I don't know where, and I don't even know whether he has come back !" " I will find out for you," said David Frere quietly. "Darrent and I were very good friends in the old days. I will go and see him." On the instant, " as he began to speak, Hilary's restlessness had subsided into ab- solute quiet. She stood for a moment looking at him, flushing and paling with extraodinary rapidity. Then her lips parted. "Oh!" she said, " is that possible Could you?" " Why not ?" he said lightly, rising as he spoke. " A blind mau doesn't seem the best person in the world to send on a search, cer- tainly. But he has his advantages, too ! Everyone is kind to him. No, I know you did not mean that !" he added quickly and gravely. " I only wanted to make you smile ! Trust me. You will see me again before long, and then! shall have Been him." He held out Iiis hand as be spoke, and, Hilary laid hers in it. " I can't thank you," she said. " No !" he answered. "Don't !" (To be continued.) 