Sermon. $ — The Great Lawsuit. By the Hev. Db. Tauuoe. Standing in a court-room, vou say to your self, "At this bar crime has often been arraigned; at this witness-stand the oath has often been taken; at this jurors* bench the verdict has been' rendered; at this judge's desk sentence has been pronounced.*' But I have to tell you to-day of a trial higher than any Oyer and Terminer or Circuit or Supreme or Chancery. It is the trial of every Chris tian man for the life of his soul. This trial is different from any other in the fact that it is both civil and criminal. The issues at stake are tremendous, and I shall in my sermon show you, first, what are the grounds of complaint; then, who are the witnesses iu the cause; and, lastly, who is the advocate. 1\. When a trial is called on, the first thing is to have the indictment read. Star.d up, then, oh Christian man, and hear the indict ment of the court of high heaven against thy soul. It is an indictment of ten counts, for thou hast directly or indirectly brokeu all the ten commandments. Are you guilty or not gailty ? Do not put in a negative plea too quick, for I have to announce that "all have sinned and come short of the glory of God." "There is none that doeth good; no, not one." "Whosoever shall keep the whole law, yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all." Do not, therefore, be too hasty in pronouncing yourself not guilty: This lawsuit before us also charges you with the breaking of a solemn contract, Many a time did we promise to be the Lord's. We got down on our knees and said, " O Lord, 1 am Thine now and for ever." Did you keep the promise? Have you stood up to the con tract ? I go back to your first communion. You remember it as well as if it were yester day. You know how the vision of the cross rose before you. You remember how from the head, and the hands, and the side, and the feet came bleeding forth these two words, "Remember Me." You recall how the cup of communion trembled in your hand when you first took it; and as in a seashell you may hear, or think you hear, the roaring of the surf even after the shell has been taken from the beach, so you lifted the cup of communion, and you heard in it the surging of a Saviour's great love and agony; and you came forth from the communion service with face shining as though you had been on the Mount* of Transfiguration; and the very air seemed tremulous with the love of Jesus, and the woods, and the leaves, and the grass, and the birds were brighter and sweeter voiced than ever before, and you said down in the very deprhs of your soul, " Lord, Thou kuowest all things; Thou knowest I love Thee." Hove you kept the bargain, oh Christian man? Have you not sometimes faltered when you ought to have been true? Have you not been proud when you ought to have been humble? Have you not played the coward %vheu you ought to bare been tbe hero? I charge it upou you, and I charge it upon myself—we hare broken the contract. '2. Still further: this lawsuit claims damages at your hands. The greatest slander on the Christian religion is an inconsistent professor. The Bible says religion is one thing'; we, by our inconsistency, say religion is some other thing; and what is more deplorable about it is, that people can see faults in others while they cannot see nny in themselves. If you shall at any time find some miserable old gossip, with imperfections from the crown of her head to the sole- of her foot, a perfect blotch of sin herself, she will go tattling, tattling, tattl ing, all the years of her life about the incon sistencies of others, having no idea that she is inconsistent herself. God save tbe world from the gossip—female and male. I think the males are the worst. Now you Ijave heard the iudictment read. Arc you ready to plead guilty or not guilty ? Perhaps you are not ready yet to plead. Then the trial will go on. The witnesses will be called, and we shall huvc tbe matter decided. In the name of God I now make proclamation : Oycz; Oyez! Ovez! whosoever hath anything to oiler in this trial, in which God is tbe plain tiff and the Christian soul the defendaut, let him now step forth and give testimony in this solemn trial. '6. The witnesses. The first witness I call j upon the stand in behalf of the prosecution is I the World—all critical and observant Chris- I tian character. There are those who imagine | that out of the faults of Christians they can ; make a bridge of boats across tbe stream of! death, and they are going to try it; but alas j for the mistake ! When they get midstream, j away will go the bridge, and down will go their souls to perdition. Oh "World, of the greedy eye and the hard heart, come on tbe stand now and testify in behalf of the prose cution against this Christian soul ou trial. "What do you know about this Christian man? I "Oh," says the World, "I know a great I deal about him. He talks about putting his! treasures in heaven, but he is the sharpest man in a trade I ever knew. He seems to want ns to believe that he is a child of God, but he is just full of imperfections. I do not know but I am a great deal better than be is now. Oftentimes he is very earthly, ami he talks so little about Christ and so much about himself, I am glad to testify that this is a bad man.*' The second witness is Con science. Who art thou, oh Conscience'" What is your business ? Where were you 1-orn? What are you doing here? "Oh," says Conscience, "I was horn in heaven. I came down to befriend this man. I have lived with him. I have instructed bhu. I hare warned him. I showed him the t _ and tho wrong, advising- him to take the right and eschew the other. I hare kindled a great light in his soul. With a whip of scorpions I hare scourged his wicked ness, and I have tried to cheer him when doing right; and yet I am compelled to testify on the stand to-day that he has some times rejected ray mission. It pains me veiy much that I have to testify against this Christian man, and yet I must, iu behalf of Him who will iu no wise clear the guilty, say that this Christian man has done wrong. He has been worldly. He has been neglect ful. He has done a thousand things he ought not to have done, and left undone a thousand things he ought to have done." That will do, Conscience. You can sit down. Tho third witness is an angel of God ? Bright and shining one, what doest thou here ? What hast thou to say against this man trial? "Oh," says the augel, " I have been a messenger to him. I havo guarded him. I have watched hira. With this wing I have defended him, and oftentimes when he know it not, I led him into green pastures and beside the still waters. I snatched from him the poisoned chalices. When bad spirits came upon him to destroy him, I fought them back with infinite fierceuess. And yet I have to testify to-day that he has rejected my mission. There is only ono more witness to be called on behalf of the prosecution, and that is the great, the holy, the august, the omnipotent Spirit of God. We bow down before Him. " Holy Spirit, knowest Tbou this man il Oh, yes," says the Holy One, "I know him. I have striven with him ten thousand times, and, though sometimes he did seem to repeat, he fell back again as often from his first estate. Ten thousand times tea thousand has he grieved Me, although the Bible warned him, saying, 'Grieve not the Holy Ghost; quench not the Spirit.' Yes, he has driven Me back. Though I am the Third Person of the Trinity, he has trampled on My mission; and the blood of thj Atone ment that I brought, with which to cleanse his soul, he sometimes despised. I carac from the throne of God to convert, and com fort, and sanctify ; anil yet, look at that man, and see what he is compared with what, unresisted, I would have made hira." The evidence on the j>art of the prosecution has closed. How let the defence bring on the rebuttal testimony. What have you, Oh Christian soul, to bring in reply to this evi dence of the world, of the conscience, of the angel, and of the Holy GhostNo evidence ? Are alHhese things true ? " Yes. Unclean, unclean 1" says every Christian soul. "What ? Do you not begin to tremble at the thought of condemnation ? 4\. The Advocate. . Wo have come now to the most interesting part of this great trial. The evidence all in, the advocates speak. The profession of an advocate is full of responsi bility. In Englaud and the United States there have arisen men who in this call ing hare been . honoured by their race.i and thrown contempt upon those who in the profession hare been] guilty of a great many meannesses. ] I have to tell you that in this trial oi the j Christian for the life of his soul, the advocates are mightier, wiser, and more eloquent. The evidence all being in, severe and stern Justice rises on behalf of the prosecution to males his plea. "With the Bible open in his hand, he reads the law, stern and inflexible, and the penalty : " The soul that sinneth, it shall die." Then he says: 440 Thou Judge and Lawgiver, this is Thine own statute, and all the evidence in earth and hoaven agrees that the man has sinued againstj these enactments. Now, let the sword leap I from its scabbard. Shall a man go through j the very flames of Sinai uusiuged ? Let the j law be executed. Let judgment be pro- i nouneed. Let him die. I demand that he die !" Oh, Christiau, does it not look very i dark for thee? Who will plead on thy side i in so forlorn a cause? Sometimes a man will be brought into a court of law, and ho will have no friends and no money, and the judge will look over the bar and say, 4'Is there anyone who will volunteer to take this man's j case and defend him?" And soinc young j man rises up and says, 441 will be his; counsel"; perhaps starting on from that very point to a great and brilliant career. Now, iu this mutter of the soul, as you have nothing to pay for counsel, do you think that anyoue will volunteer? Yes, yes; I see One rising. He is a youug man, only thirty-three years of age. X see His countenance suffused with i tears a nd covered with blood and all the galleries | of 1.Given are thrilled with the spectacle. Thanks be unto God. f* we have an Advo cate with the Father, Jesus Christ the . righteous." Oh Christian soul, your case i begins to look better. I .think that, after all, ; tliere may be some chance for you, for the I great Advocate rises to make his plea. He says: 441 admit all that has been proved against My client. I admit all these sins— ay, more ; but look at that wounded hand of Mine, and look at that other wounded hand, and look at My right foot and at My loft foot. By all these wounds I plead for his acquittal. Count all the drops of My tears. Count all the drops of My blood. By the I humiliation of Uetblchem, by the sweat of j Gethseinane, by the sufferings of the cross, j I demand that he goes free. On this arm lie j hath leaned ; to this heart he hath llowu ; in j My tears he hath washed ; and on 3Iy righteousness he hath depended. Let him go free ; I am the ransom. Let him escape the lash ; I took the scourgings. Let the cup puss from hiin; I drank it to the dregs. Tut on him the crown of life, for I have worn the crown of thorns. Over against My throne of shame set his throne of triumph ! " "Well, the counsel on both sides hare spoken, and there is only one more thing now remaining, aud that is the award ing of the judgment. If you have ever been iu a court-room you will know the silence and solemnity when the verdict is about to be rendered or the judgment about to be given. About this soul on trial—shall it bo saved ,or shall it be lost? Attention! above, around, beneath. All the universe cries, "Hear, hear!'* 5\. The judge gives his decision—never to be revoked: "There is, therefore, novr no con demnation to them who are in Christ Jesus." But, my friends, there is cominga day of trial in which not only the saint but the sinner must appear. That day of trial will come very suddenly. I have shown you how well the Christian will get off in his trial. Will you get off as well in your trial ? "Will Christ plead on your side or against yon ? Ob, what will you do in the last great aesizo, if your conscience is against you, and the world ia against you, and the angels of heaven are against you, and tho Holy Spirit is against you, and the Lord God Almighty is against you? Better this day secure an advocate. Oh lost ones, why will you perish ? Why, this is the greatest opportunity in your life! Iam in the burnished judgment hall of the last day. A great white throne is lifted, but the judge has not taken it. The ground trembles with the approaching chariot. The doors of the hall swing open. " Stand back!" cry the celestial ushers. " Stand back .' let the Judge of quick and d pass through !" He takes the throno, and,' looking over the throng of nations He gays, ** Como to judgment—the last judg ment—tko only judgment 1" By one flash from the throne all the history of each one flames forth to tbo vision of himself and all others. " Divido says tho Judgo to\tho assembly. " Divide !" ^ cry the guards angelic. And now the immortals separate, rushing this way and that, • and after a while there is a great aisle between them, and a great vacuum wideningandwidening, and tho Judgo, turning to tho throng on one side, says, '* Ho that is righteous, let him bo righteous still, and he that is holy, let him ho holy still'*; and then turning towards tho throng on the opposite side. He says " Ho that is unjust, let him be unjust still,- and ho that is filthy, let him be filthy still"; and then, lifting one hand towards each groun, He declares, " If tho tree falls towards tfe south or towards the north, in the place where the tree falloth there it shall bo." And then I hear something jar with a great sound. It is the closing of the hook of judgment. The Judge ascends the stairs behind the throne. The hall of the last assizes is clcarod and shut - —the high court of eternity adjourned for over.' Oh, sinner, be saved in the court below. Believe your advocate, tho Lord Jesus Christ, and your acquittal is certain. 