[By the Vagrant.] ' The erratic Loch Leigh will in future carry the rose and black livery of Dan O'Brien. A good-looking horse called Trichord by Trident -whom ho greatly resembles — is at work at Baud winlr. Joe Thompson is reported to have lost nearly £10,000 over the Lincolnshire Handicap and Liver pool Grand National meetings. The Irish-bred Winfield'a Pride, who appears to be the crack handicap horse in England this season, ?is the firBt foal of his dam, Alimony. The well-known horse Wat Tyler, who won n racB at the recent Bligh amateur meeting, is now in charge of Harry Rayoor at Randwick. Mr. G. G. Stead is the principal winner of prizeB this season in New Zealand, Gold Medallist, Bialeiform, and Uniform having won him upwards oE £5000. Mr. F. Moore, of the Wentworth Hotel, Bishop's Bridge, announces that he will conduct a £5 pigeon match under Sydney Gun Club rules on the 6th proximo, when post entries will be received. Mr. Gibson is not yet convinced that Daimio is inferior to the English cross-country horses, des pite hia failures hitherto, and he intends giving the big gelding more chances of upholding hiB opinion. During the present season R. Lewis, the crack, Victorian light-weight jockey, has ridden in 116 races, winning 27, second 24 times, and third 44. That is, he has been only out of a place on twentj one occasions. Pleasure seekers may on Monday enjoy a day's racing at Newcastle, Tamworth, and Lochinvar, the entries for the latter place being post. At East Maitland the Athletic Club has arranged an excel lent programme of sports. At Bingara on Wednesday, Ptarmigan ran second to The Bud in the Opening Handicap, and after wards won the Jockey Club and Flying Handicaps. The Farewell Handicap fell to Tiberias, who de feated the consistent Narcissus. An English paper says of our old equine friend, ' Paris III. seems to have gone to pieces, and the sooner he returns to Australia tho better for every one connected with him.' This was after the son of Grandmaster was defeated in the Northampton shire Stakes. Maitland sportsmen will probably regret to hear that the genial Dave Dunlop and his amiable better half have shaken the dust of the town oS their Trilbys and have gone into business at Singleton, where I hope they may comfortably rest and watch Fortune smile sweetly on them and theirs. ' The grand colt by Splendor from Equation (by Grand Flaneur — Fair Duchess), bred t-y Mr. Frank Reynolds, ani added to Tom Pay ten's string at the recent yearling sales, was slightly staked a few days back, but the injury is not likely to be a per manent one. The coltia known as Senior Wrangler. It is reported from Perth that the committee of the West Australian Turf Club is making an effort to secure the services ot Mr. W. E. Dnkin as 'secretary and handieapper to the C ub. It ia said that the Club made a profit this year of .£6500, although about £10,000 waB spent in improving the course, etc. 'Tattersall' has written to the secretary of the Newcastle Jockey Club stating that he would be unable to hold a consultation on the Newcastle big handicap, as he had already arranged to conduct sweeps on the Spring Handicap and Metropolitan Stakes — events that were always patronised by the general public. A cable message states that those two doughty old opponents, Peter Jackson and Paddy Slavin, have been matched to box to a finish in 'Frisco in July. If Peter the Great has not deteriorated into a ghost of his former self Mr. Slavin will fancy that all the boys of the village are throwing etoues at him, and that they are remarkably good shots, too. A Victorian paper is responsible for the following — Nalt, dam of Larnock, has this season thrown a foal to the GoldBbrough horse Goldreef, whose first born progeny at the Bacchus Marsh are said to be of a particularly promising order. B7 a strange freak, Nalta slipped a foal about three months pre vious to dropping her surviving pledge of affection to Goldreef.' 'The winner of the Steeplechase, at Carrick, Tas mania, on Easter Monday, rejoices in the eupho nious name of Waachteanbeeche. I should like to bear some of my mortal enemies, the bookmakers, pronounce it. One of the genus is reported to have tried a Maori name, nnd he got as far ae ' Mnnu wau,' and then yelled out, '* Any price these hunpronounceable brutes.' The following names have been given to nine of Mr. S. Hoidern's yearlings : — B c by Niagara — W el- come. Canadian ; b c by Nordenfelt — Miranda, On ? Guard 3 b c by Nordenfeldt — Lady Norab, Nansen ; br g hy Nordenfeldt — Hebe (imp.), Gunbenrer ; ch f by Nordenfeldt — Miss Weistboume, Miss West ; ? br f by Nordenfeldt — Spite (imp.), Spiteful ; b or br f bj Nordenfeldt — Biue Mould, D?eay ; bl ov br f by Nordenfel tt — Barndacce (imp.), Reverse ; blor br f by NordenWdt — The Queen, Royal Purple. There are a few leviathan bettors to be found in Tattersali'B enclosure at the present day, with I Richard Honry Fry at the head oE them j but it is a question if any individual in these times makes anything like the monster books of Davis, Johu Jackson, «r even of Steel aud Peach in their palmy days. Davis, for , instance, regularly made a hundred thousand pound book on the Derby, and on one occasion a hundred and fifty thousand pounder. That was something like betting, if you like. Mr C.. Hamlyn, known in England as 'Miller,' the author of the ' Perfection' system oE botting on horse laces, has become insolvent. Proofs amounting to .83600 were made by seventy-eight creditors. It was stated that the only asset* dis covered were some wine nnd wearing apparel and £10 2s 6i in chbIi. Evidently the ' perfection' system worked out badly for its author, and worse still fo- tho=e dupes who entrusted him with their money, some of whom are now prosecuting Hamlyn criminally. I ? A writer in a contemporary says : ' A short timo ago the death r,f the celebrated Bhow-jumper, Fair field, was published throughout the colonies, and, as it wns reported that he had been sold just pre vious to his demise for £450, the buyer came in for general sympnthy. Now it appears that the whole thing. waa a fiction, kb Mr. Morris informB mo that Fairfleid.iB alive, and well as ever he was j and that gentleman Bays that he has never sold even the combings from the main and tail of hia favourite, nor can he locate the silly rumour which so nicely arranged tho sale and funeral of Fairfield.' I understand there is very little chanoe after all of George Campbell and Sam Bertlea coming to terms for a cyclinir match, though it was generally understood that the pair were to meet at Newcastle on the 19t!i ,luno for a good stake. From what I can gather nt tho outset the friends of Bertles dis played groat apparent anxiety for a match, but when Campbell put up a deposit and signed articles the Maitlander'a friends weren't having any. On public form Bertles should beat Camp bell, but that has not deterred the latter from boldly challenging ' any rider in the North —bar Abe Chapman— to rido a series of races, one, two, and three miles, on tho Newcastle track, for J50 a-Bide. Pony racing appears to flourish in Sonth Africa. The following is clipped from the Johannesburg paper: 'The report of the Pony and Galloway Club presnnted laBt. night may well mike other clubs ia. the country envious. The twelve race meetings held during the yeq.r showed a profit of over £8000, the amount of stakeB run for amountod to £3729 17s (an increase over the previous yenr of £1124 13s 6d), and the balance-sheet showed a cash balance of £6402 13s lid, which wns mnterinlly in crensnd since tho date of the report. The gates adcount increased from £1057 63 6d to £2082 16a 6d, while the receipts from the totalisator amounted to no leas than £7048, an increase over the previous year of £4222. TwoNew South Waleshorses, The Hall and Euglo — the former waa trained here by Mr. Joe Brown until recently— ware entered for the recent Long rench (Q ) meeting, but did not put in an appear ance. JRuferring to this a Queensland paper sa\s : — ' The nominator of The Hall and Euglo, Mr. George Anderson, wns made an example of by the Longreach J.O. that should prevent a recurrence of such negligence. It traus-pired that he wired to the secretary Co nominate the horees for six of the principal events, but never communicated any further either in reference to acceptance or scratch ing, consequently he was held liable for £21 for entrance and acceptance, while a fine of £1 Is was also inflicted for each race and each horse. At Maribyrnong on Saturday Loph Fyne, by Lochiel — Affection, a mare raced some yeara ago by Jack Kerr, and dam of ADlnnce, etc , won the Maiden Plate. The useful E-irlst on, by Braeman— Silence, accounted for the Hurdle KhCh; Carrick, by Tim Whiffler — Bnrbjirinn, the Welter, and Doctor the Steeplechase. Glnnkpr, by tha defuuee Glenmnrkie — Miss Glorious, eecured the Seagull Handicap, in which Sam Fielder's cast-off Mnc donald was unplaced, and Ironsides, who unex pectedly landed a double for Mr. S. Miller atFlem ington on the Saturday previous, followed up hia success there by carrying 7st 61b. and beating the whilom Sydney crack gall.itvay Cinderellen, 9st 21b., and Westwood in the Heron Handicap. Ironsides is by Iron Horse out of a Blondin mare, and was bred in Queensland. One of the queerest things tbat ever hap pened in connection with the Waterloo Cup | wns the victory of Brigadier several years j ago. The owner, Mr. Foulkes, hid given 25s for a very scraggy and unpromising do:;, which made a wretched performance in all its trials. Brigadier's owner had nominated another dog to represent him in the great course ,- but this one failed him. The picked dog met with an accident, and, to the huge amusement of the coursing world, Mr. Foulkes entered his 25-shilling failure in the place of the eraok. There was a rumour that the accident to the picked dog had affected his brain. He had backed his choice to win £19,000. The day came, and the despised Brigadier cut out all his rivals in clean nnd well run courses, and won nearly £20,000 for his owner — a very fair return for the original 25s. A few isaups bacfc I referred to the growing taote for sport exhibited by the followers of Confucius who have made their home in the colonies, and doubtless many really good people who read my notes for the sake of the mental improvement to be gained thereby mourned for them as souls ad dressed and properly stamped for perdition. The Chinese have even gone farther in adopting Caucasian ways. They have quite gone to the dogs. An almond-eyed resident of .Victoria who sports the peculiar cognomen of S. Ah, Dere re cently entered a greyhound called Shang Sun Way for tho Federation Stakes at the Plumpton coursing meeting at Bendigo and the blessed canine shaped so well that it was not until the third round that he was run out, and then it took the subsequent winner to vanquish him. We may now regretfully prepare ourselves for tho shock of seeing a Chinaman witching the world with noble horsemanship at Flemington or Randwick. Among the recent arrivals in West Australia is Mr. J. G. Simssn, at one time one of the moat suc cessful breeders of racehorses in Victoria in years gone by, and also one of the heaviest bettors. The station, Charlotte Plains, was one of the first estab lished in the Bister colony in the 40's, and before the advent of gold discovery. Mr. Simeon bred The Flying Buck, winner of the first Champion Race, and Maid of the Mist, winner of the first Melbourne Cup. But it was not, called the Melbourne Cup in those dnya. ns Mr. Simson says that it was the Moss R 'se Cup.' It wns, however, run at Flem irgton, and wns the chief race of the year. His brother, Hector Norman Simson, who has joined the great majority, was a grand old sportsman, and his colours were alwayB popular. It was a treat to hear the veteran dilate upon tho old-time racing, when he, Mr. Ettie De Mestre, John Tait, and one or two others were the principal racing men, and when tho wagering was heavy. Mr. Simson on one occasion lost £25,000 over a Mel bourne Cup. An nmusing example of American enterprise lately came to light. The proprietor of a leading New York daily paper teleeraphed to his London ngent, ' PleaBe ask Conan Doyle whether he can be induced to come to America, write nccount'Corbett Fitzsimmons international match, March seven teenth. State of Nevada has passed special act legalising contest at State capital ; seventy thou sand people cxpucted; unprecedented occasion. He need spend only one week here.' Whether one should admire most the go-ahead freedom of the ' State capital' of Nevada, which passes a special ant to legalise a prize-fight and rope 'in 70,000 visitors, or the astuteness of the gentleman who would like the author oE ' Rodney Stone ' for his reporter, ia a delicate matter to decide. By the way, some other enterprising editor engaged the whilom mighty John L. Snllivan, whose hand writing — so a critic who didn't fear him, said — looirs as if a bundle of fishhooks wore pnlled.through ink nnd dropped on paper, at a big salary to do the engagement. Samuel Pope Davis, who died at the ago of fifty years, nt Elemington, on Thursday, was a leading jockey in Victoria some years ago. He was con temporary with W. Yeomans, C. Stanley, J. Wilson (jun.), Chifney, Enderaon, J. Morrison, W. Lain?, VV. Simpson, A. Davis, J. Carter, S. Cracknell, T. Hnles, and other well-known riders. In the early dava he wns nnsociated with the fortunss of Mr. C. B. Fisher ond Mr. Hurtle Fieher, and rode many winners for them. He was twice successful in the Champion race, riding Mr. C. B. Fisher's Fishhook in 18G7 and Mr. .T. Tait's Fireworlts thp. fnllnmint* year. For Mr. Hurtle Fisher ho landed tho Mel- 1 bourne Cup on Lantern in 1884. Tho Ascotvale Stokes waa won for the late Mr. W. Pearson by Davis on Lnmnlighter in 1869, the Bame horse being ridden to victory by him in the A.J.C. Champagne Stakes. ? About the lntest winner of any note to be riddnn byDivis was Gaslight in the V.R C. Oiks of 187 i. After retiring from the saddle he settled down to hotel-keeping, and for some years was a councillor of the borough of Flemington and Kensington. _ People who Know the red-hnirod freak who now signs himself as Robert FitzaimmonB, champion pugilist of the world, say tlmt ho was born in Cornwall, nnd, like the bloke in the song, had poor bnt honest (nlso Irish) parents. Rob»rto il Diavolo came out with the old ones to New Zealand whenlbe was about twoyearaold. a,nd Maori land , nurtured his -inelegant but gallant frame until he reached manhood's estate. After he had welted tho soul-cnee out of Corbet t, however, some Enghuh papers adopted Fitz as an Englishman, just as they so readily did Prince Ranji-etc., during the Summer months when he waij knocking 'em to the boundary for fourers. Fit7eimmon8 is just about an English aa Paddy'a pig, for aaide from the faot that no patriotic ' Cousin Joe' will acknow ledge mora than that Great Britain ia a small portion of Cornwall, tho bruiser is n naturalised American, born at home, reared in New Zealand, and taught in.Sydney. One day a famous American bookmaker naked Fitz what country he honoured by adoption and was answered. ' I got my Knock kneeB in England, -my boxing in Auat'.-ntia, and my rig onfc in America' The annual reunion of the Sydney Turf Club will commence at' Randwick this afternoon, 'i}®11 some brilliant racing Bhould be witnessed, lne fihiah for tho Hurdles may be between Pat and jEolus, the Maitland representative being very well. The Royal Stakes wearB an exceedingly open appearnnce. I auppose it would be abaurd to totally ignore Hopscotch's chance, but I cannot believe the big horse will win. Delaware may go a place, but animals I like better are Stewar , Precaution, Mundiva (if Hordern'a best), and Raven's Plume, and to risk placing them I will truat to Mundiva, Raven'a Plume, and Steward. Physician or Sovereign may account for the Amateur Welter, nnd Alarm Bell should run welt in the Steeplechase. The Turf Club Handicap will take a deal of picking, but Glare, Royal Rose, and Glendennon should be hard to beat. For the Cup on Monday I have a fancy for Hordern's best (whicb I take to be Rebel Queen), Mesamate, Tarannki or Sam. No horae is doing better nt Randwick than Cromorne, who it should be remem bered won this' event some sensons back with lib. more on hia back than he will be aaked to carry on Monday. Mr. Alfred JoBeph, the leviathan poncitler, who iB at present nursing a broken leg, tello a Btory of the way that the racing stewards manage affairs nt a certain place that he was once in. He staten that the authorities in quoBtion alwnya looked out for No. -1, and very rarely failed to tout the jockeys as they filed in to be weighed out. Perhaps there wore ten starters in a race, and ono of the stewards would, quite accidentally, of course, meet tho lads as they went to scale. In reply as to what 'chance ho had, No. 1 jockey might say that his mount had ' not been feeding wall,' and when No. 2 came along he would vouchsafe the infor mation that ' the mare he wag going to ride was short of work.' Similar excuses would be mide for about seven nf the ten runners, and fiually tho stewards of the day would nccost the ring and back each of the remaining three. The metnllicinns, thinking tha!; they had ' found oue,' would oer hnps bet 100 to 25 agjinst each of two, nnd 160 to 20 against the third, which would be regarded as trood business until it became patent a little Inter that they were the only three horses in the betting, nnd trying to win, and it 1000 to 1 on one of the trio getting firat to the judge. The Great Jubilee Stakes, as the name indicates, wns instituted in the 50th year oE Her Majesty's reign in 1887, and Bendigo's name was the first in scribed on the scroll of winners. Since then Mint ing, Amphion, The Irrp, Nunthorpe, Euclid, Orvieto, and Aviogton were successful, and Victor Wild, who ran third on Saturday, secured the prizes in 1895 and 1895. The entrants for the race decided on Saturday numbered 71, of whom 18 retired from the list at the declaration of first forfeit, and the candidates included auch good handicap horses ns Cloraine (winner of the Doveridga Handicap Stakes), Winkfield'a Pride (winner of the Lincolnshire Handicap), Labrador, Regret, Thais, Shaddock, &c.; The winner, CI wyd, is by Beauclere from Strathbrock, by Strathcrn from Poinsettia, by Young Melbourne from Lady Hawthorn, by Windbound. Clewd won a couple of races as a two-year-old, nnd the following senson he scored six wins out of 13 starts, hia victories including the Breeders' St. Leger Stakea at the D^rby September meeting, and the Prince Edward Bandicap at the Manchester September meeting. Aa a four-year old ho Btarted eight times, and won twice, the Prince Edward Handicap at Manchester again falling to his prowess ; and last senson hia only win was in the Bristol Plate at the Brighton August meeting. Mr. Ferry, the South Australian sportsman, iB a lucky man as regards horses. He bought Banjo in the sale ring for £11 10a, and since that the bay gelding haa won two big stoeplechases and the A.R.C. Grand National for the mapter of Sydney Park. On the occasion of his last victory he went out with a suspicious-looking foreleg, which Mr. : Ferry bandaged with a skill born of long experi ence. So skilfully waa the black bandage put on tbat once the 'chaser got into the straigt few could detect it. Nnlpa ho won at a game of cards, the grey and another of Mr. Ferry's being the stakes. Mr. Ferry won, and took Nalpa, aud afterwards aold him to his chief patron, Mr. T. Hope- Murr»y, who sold him the other doy to Mr. Godfrey Wateon j for £250. His string is trained to a great extent | on the beach at Brighton. Here they play follow the leader to a great extent. Nalpa did a lot of work which fitted him for the- Hurdle Race which he won at tbe just concluded meet ing galloping about the beach following the rest of _the string. His hordes are never rugged or hooded, nor are they shod. Should the going ba soft a few nails are driven into their fee't, or a tip is put on. A Melbourne gentleman, who went to see Nalpa after he had won the hurdles, remarked to a friend, ' Why, that'b the brute I saw running loose on the beach the other day.' Going home from work Nalpa was never ridden or led; he waa nlways turned loose, and would follow the rest of the string home. It will be interesting to see how the grey takes to his new quarters and trainer in Victoria. Although the matter is one upon which the secretary of a big racing club is slow to take sides, Mr. Clibborn was pressed the other day to express an opinion as to the totalisator and its probable influence on sport. 'OE. course,' he explains ' those who look upon racing rather aa a business than a snort will say that I cannot see beyond Randwick — but there is unquestionably too much metropolitan racing, and the proprietary meetings have not, in my opinion, helped the turf in any way. Whether it be the totalisator or tho book maker, I would confine betting strictly either to tho racecourse or to recognised institutions, such ns Tattersall's or the Victorian Club. When a man bets continnally in ahops without visiting a race couree be is a gambler pure and simple; not a man fond of the sport and aeeking nn extra zest in wagering. Apart from the fact that the shop bet ting is ' first past the post,' while on the course a man must have a start for his money, I look upon the betting and the tote shop as mitchievous. They help to increase the number of metropolitan meetings, and, as a natural consequence, kill country meetings, which were formerly in tho best sense worthy of being termed sport. As nn old Victorian I know what the Bnllarat, Bendigo, Geelong, and Hamilton meetings used fco be in the old days. You probably know what they are to day. So in New South Wales, the Batburat, Singleton, Orange, Woat Maitland, and other clubs have lost their one-time prestige, and will not regain it, I tbink, until racing has been de centralised. . The totalisntor would effect this, and if the matter had only been put before country repreaentntivea in the right li-jht I fnncy the bill would have passed the No ? South Wales Legis lature.' It is odds that it ? ill pass it yet. The late Sir Willirm Clarke took nn interest in several branchca of sport, notably rac '-?. coursing, and yachting, but he wap never a verv enthusiastic sportsman. On the turf he met «iih only a fair share of success. The most important event ever won by him wis tho V.R.C. Oaks, in which Patrea, n sister to First King, by King of the Ring from Mischief, carried his coloum to victory in 1879. As a two-vear-old Petrna was successful in the V.R.C. Ascot Vale Stakes, V.R C. Sires' Produce Stakes, and in a race nt Rsndwick. but she was then the pro j perty of Mr. Herbert Power, and she ran in the ui un. ,, . a., jjong wnen sne subse quently scored in the A.J.C. St. Leger, Sydney Cup, and Cumberland Stakes. She wns then, for some reasonor other, transformed into a lady'B back.. Bor deaux, Credit, Wentworth, Flirtation, Cannonball, Proposal, Firat Consul, Fish 0' Silver, nnd Menot'i were amongst other horses to carry the deceased gentleman's colours. Hia private trainer H. Yeend, won a good few races with Menotti/ who was a useful horse. Latterly Sir.William Clarke's colours had not beon seen on the turf, the steeple chaser. Claret being the most recent korse oE his to ' run in public. Claret won the V.R.C. New Year's Day Steeplechase in 1895, the victory, it may bo remembered, being enthusiastically received. On a small scale Sir William wenV, in for breeding thoroughbreds, but with little success. Claret was, however, one of his own breeding, being by Bordeaux from Flirtation. l?etrea was mated in euccessive years with Bordeaux, Angler, Defoe, St. Albans. Wellosley, Firat Con.su), and Trenton, but nevor produced^ a horse t'nat Bhowed any form to 1 speak of. It is said tb.nt on one occasion Sir William complained to the late Mr. E. T. Barnard, the Victorian bandicaprler- that he wns treating his horses unfairly by -placing them at tho bottom ' o the handicaps. We know that what is one man's food may bo another man's poison and we seldom go on to a racecourse, look over a stud, or attond a sale unless we are reminded of the old proverb, for an animal that to one acknowledged judge is the beau ideal of equine symmetry to another equally accomplished critic is nothing more than a comedy in horse-fieab. TasteB differ, and we occasionally drop across good horses of all Bhapes, makes, sizes, and colours, and it is only groping in the dark when we attempt to judge a book by its cover. Recently some interest ing remarks appeared iu an English publication relative to the method of choosing a polo pony, but *s tho pony depicted should be fit for many more useB than knocking about at polo I readily clip them: A young player is represented as approaching his uncle (Captain Hardsnphnst)- at a propitious moment when be is not being bothered by ' that dashed orderly-room,' and he gives hia instructions somewhat as follows: — 'Well, Ilook for a'blood head, nnd J doh't like a small, pig-like eye. Neck should be put on the right way, but that's not essential ; good, clean sloping shoulders, aud he must not be round in the withers. Now there is one point I otand or fall by as necesaary for a polo pony, that is, his elbows must not be tied. Look here, young fellah, if you see wrinkles about the elbow, and a tendency to be capped; leave him ; that means hackney blood, and ho can't gallop for nuts. The deeper in the girth the better, and he must have his forelegs put on. well, forwards liko a good hound, so that when the saddle ia on there is room for the breadth of your hand at least between tho elbow and the girth. Don't buy them with long cannon bones and small round joints; the latter ia a point worth studying ; npgiecu in, ana you n nave a 10c or lame ness in your Btable.' Well, now, what about his back? 'To gallop faat he should be long in the back. To turn quick and jump off he should be short. So we won't trouble too much about that, though I do hold with their not having too much room between the last rib and the hip-joint. How good most Arabs are in that respect. The bigger over the quarters and thighs, and the longer from hip-joint to hock, tho better. It does not matter where his tail is put on, but tho hooks should be well under him ; don't select them with sickle hocks, or, as they say, ' with their hocks in another country'; that iB bad. The feet must be sound, and a match; when you buy, remember the Arab saying, ' He who buys a horse to cure ib a ruined man, and the son of n ruined man.' ' If I could get a pony built on Captain Hardanphast's plans and specifications I would not be in a hurry to sell him. Since the Newcastle Jockey Club the other even ing rendered inoperative its recently passed rule compelling owners to pay jockeys at scale a losing fee and providing for tho rider'a further remunera tion if successful, a good deal of discussion has arisen about the matter. As a supporter of the Club'B original attitude I cannot conscientiously turn a literary sumersault and applaud that body'a latest position more than to admit that a good deal can be said on both sides, just as the late lamented nnd talented David Buchanan was wont to find when he made stirring, thoughtful addresses -pro and con and kept Ministry and Opposition alike on tenter hooks aa to how he would ultimately vote. But the great balance of what can be said, so fnr as I can analyse it, is in favour of tbe principle of paying the boys beforo instead of after they ride. I may be countered with the retort that this is against all commercial and business practice and custom, which demand that a man must do his work before his wage is earned, but the circumstances are not at all parallel. A jockey who is owed money by an owner — and I know many such — cannot sue for the recovery oE it unless he is prepared to endure blnckbnlling by others, and few can afford to do that. There is no such delicacy in recovering other debts. An acquaintance of mine, one of the b^st behaved and best jockeys in Sydney, said to me one day — ' Ah, old fellow, if I could only get all the money in that's owing to me I could afford a real pleasant and long holiday.' ' Then why don't you get it?' queried I. ' I've got as much chance of going to. Heaven,' was the reply. ' Why if a lad summoned some of the fellows he'd never get a mount from their friends. Take my word, the boyB that ride stiff 'una are compelled to do so by dishonest owners who won't pay them when they ride square and are licked. If you ride a dead 'un you are paid 99 times out of 100\. I know it.' And truth remorsefully compels me to acknowledge that he does. But that en passant. It is argued, too, by opponents of ante payment tbat it is unfair to owners to be com pelled to pay £2 for n losing mount in a race say for a £20 prize, when the same amount is the fixed fee for say the Metrop. or Sydney Cup, conveniently forgetting tbat a boy may have to ride aa hard, ob well, and as cleverly for the smaller event ns the larger one, whilst if successful tbe reward iB pro portionately greater for the big race. And then again the adherents of the proposal never, I think, I intended the regulation to apply to apprentices and other riders connected with stables with whom special agreements are made. Where owners and the jockey report Buch agreement at scale and where both are agreeable to act up to it no club would interfere. In the interests of the turf it is necesBary that jockeys should be paid for their services, and when the trouble, care, dangers, and anxieties they have to experience in the pursuit of their hnz&rdouB; calling is considered it cannot fairly be said that £2 is too much remuneration for the risks and hardships they have to endure. A good horseman is worth that, it must be acknow ledged, but if owners are desirous of going into a cheap and nasty market they must expect to get rubbish. And aome of them do. Mr. Donald Mcintosh, the Victorian crack pigeon shot, has .achieved such a measure of sucess in England and Europe during the past year or bo that Australia may fairly lay claim to the posses sion of a world beater in this branch of sport. Mr. Mcintosh only just missed winning the greatest prize of the year at Monte Carlo a few months ago, and during the great annual international meeting at Notting Hill and Hurlihgham (Eng.) he won in Btakc3 throughout the week £600— an unparalleled feat. Since that time ' Donald' (which is the name under which he shoots in Australia) has been wintering in the South of France and shooting suc cessfully at Monte Carlo, Pari3, Brussolls, and other places. Writing to a friend in Melbourne the champion relates 80me of his experiences. At Genoa during January a championship con test took place, all standing at . 31 yards. There were 58 competitors, -comprising the cieam of Italian, French, and other talent. The birds were the real hard Plymouth Rocks, ' tough as leather and fast as cannon balls.' The abooting lasted until the eleventh round, whan ' Donald' won a handsome gold medal and lOOOf. on eleven kills. At Cannes, where a championship ' shoot' wa8 also held, the Australian representa tive had still more distinguished success. The conditions were the best of 20 birds, nil competi tors standing at thirty-one yards from the traps. In this conteBt the creme de la creme of Continen tal and English talent was represented in tbe lists. About a dozen tried conclusions, and again firBt' honours fell to the Victorian with 1G kills out of 17\. At Monte Carlo, in tho Prix D'Ouverture, of about £400, he once more gained premier honours, and divided firat and second money with another competitor, who finished alongside of him at the thirteenth round. His share of ihe prize money amounted to 4305f. (ab'out £172.) Mr. M'IntoBh's winnings on the occasion of this visit to Monte Carlo were 16.125E. (about £650). During tho latter part of the Monte Carlo season 'Donald' was joined by the well-known South Australia marksman, Mr. R. M. Hawker, who left on a European and African tour several months ago. Mr. Hawker after a few essays in taking the measure of his new surroundings, became one of the dangerous division. In the Prix du Nil, Mr. M'Intosh and Mons. Poizat divided first and second money, and next day Mr. Hawker tied with Mono. Poizat for third honors in one of tho Prix Supple mental. A fe# days later tbo South Australian succeeded in asoring a win, dividing firBt and second monoy (£53) in the Prix de la. Soane with Mons. Lion. When giving promise of further suceos', Mr. Hawker left for England, and he will lie ing in the all-world contests at the Gun Club of England grounds and Hurlingham noxt month, where, no doubt, Mr. M'Intosh will again be wield ing the walnut with distinction. Mr. C. H. Gor nck, of Sydney, who sailed for Europe, a foitnight later than Mr. Hawker, will very probably compete as well, so that the three leading Australian colonies will be represented. Vi»hat with pigeon and rifle shots, cyclists, swimmers, and rowors, Englishmen will have a good opportunity oE judg ing tho prowess of sportsmen, from 11 down under' during the nc,xt few months.' Neither punters nor fielders had much to boast of when they countsd up their small change at tho conpluaion of tho meeting at Moorefield on Saturday and this is just tho sort of an incident that plays havoc with tha finances of both sides, for each loses money- in expenses and thero is little to spond afterwards. If a backer of horses wins a bit at one meeting and plays, it up at another it gives the penciller a chance to get it back and generally induces the plunger to confess that all such money gained by, him is only borrowed, and is suro to return to tho b ig if he keeps coming often enough. The bag will win in tho long run, if the bank bo strong enough, but when the public and tho bookmakers separate with about their own, as they od occasions do, each 9ide is discouraged. The Gun and Satanolla were the. most fancied of nil indifferent field for tho Hurdlo rnco on Saturdny, but although the pair shaped well they had to Btrike their colours to Murlo, who had been also well backed. Mario, who is by Premnture out of Eva, has many bnck block flat rnces to his credit, but this was hia first success over timber. If my memory does not play me false Premature is one of the first Bons of Grand Flaneur, who was dropped a few days beforo he was expected : hence his name. Sixteen horses were stripped for the Welter Handicap, and but little time was lost in making the anciont- Marie May favourite, wirh Kingley, Pax and Sovereign in mcst demand of the others, and backers were well on the spot, for Marie May, who is now owned by Mr. .Kelso, and ia oy Marvellous out of Spec,, won easily from Pax, with the much-tnlked-of Physician third. King Clovis, by Clan Stuart — Swanlie, once owned and raced by ' Yorkshireman' Franks, won tbe Kogarah Stakes as anticipated, being followed home by Princo Carbine aud Shraughraun, and I will be disappointed if his majesty docs not ueure again soon. MissNora and Sam were in most demand for the Moorefield Handicap, which was'productiveof an excellent finish, but whilst'the daughter of Nor denfeldt and Lady Nora scrambled home with n necs to spare, oam ran very nacuy, nna mis eitlier turned rogue or is overrated.. Mr. Hordurn's mare waa followed paat the post by Tarannki and Euglo, whom the judge was unable to separate. Mr. West's big horse waa remarkably well handicapped — h9 would have been given nearly as much in a Melbourne Cup — but he is still on the bis; side nnd his party would probably regret going with the son of Axiom so. soon. Miss Noraa's dam is by Cadogan out of Steppe,. half.siBter to the mighty Hermit, and dam of Ransley, Too Soon, Stepniak, and Como, by Beauchamp out' of Ettie, wa9 regnrded as the good thing for the Sell ing Stakes, and he won easily From the Swell »hd Oddfeilow II., being nftorwnrds bought in for £50. However, bnckers got a great facer when thoy tried to select the winner of the Stewards' Mile, for they put down their pieces with a will for Devoted, Shaughran, Croagingalong, and others, but Surge after hia failure in the Kogarah Stakes was almost neglected, yet the brown eon of Gibraltar and Dilisk (own sister to Kathleen, etc ) won by a head from* Queen oE the Ring with Shaughraun, and in the victor Mr. Coppard, a former resident of New castle, and a well-known member of Taltereall's Club, appears to havo the makings of a decent horse. Our old friend Chance shaped well, but Croagingalong was never dangerous, and poor old Brockleigh, who can well be let down by the hnndi cappers, waB last, a position which he has filled in the majority of his lite public appearances. The I erstwhile great son of Goldsbrough is now nothing more than an equine wreck. Geoffery de Holden Stone in words that are a re echo of Adam Lindsay Gordon's, tells in Baily's Magazine how Paria won the Caulfield Cup oE '92 : Last night it Fcemcd, ns I mused and dreamed 'Mid the fumes of ray blackened clay. That a vision rare, ot tlie days that were In the young lands far away Came e'er my soul -, and I saw unroll Like the mists that veil the dawn— The scene of fray ol an olden day, And a triumph past nnd go ne. 'tis a sandy heath, blue skies beneath, Of a warmer hue than these ; And the brine of the bay, three miles away. Is borne in the southern breeze ; The stands are lilted, and the thick crowd thrilled With the shout ot the roaring Ring ; For the numbera are up for the Caulfield Cup, At tne meeting were, in spring. The gate swings back, and along the track They are going, one by one ; Till the final word by each jock is heard, iVed the latest canter done. Then the restless liOBt at the starting-post, In their silks nnd satins gay, Surge to and fro, till the starter's ' Go 1' Sends the eager field away. They passed the stand ; and on every hand There is shouting loud and long, As we mark the stride of St. Albans pride. And the favourite going strong : Then the Caulfleld horse, at the back of the course, Shoots out with a three-lengths' lead ; And the boy on Clonard is riiting him hard ; And the Hanks of Spokesman bleed. LlVe the roar of surf on the shuddering turf They thunder along the baok ; But the pace is too hot for the Klemington lot. And the weight for the Sydney crack ; By the railway-side they quicken their stride— They are racing In earnest now— And Oxenham's colt has shot his bolt And the favourite's beat, I vow. The echoing track sends the hcof-strokes back With a sound as of muflled drums. And into the straight— some seven or eight Tlie van of the squadron comes -, The orange-and-rose in the ceutre shows With two that are blaok as night -, There's the blue-and-red, with maroon ahead,. And the scarlet crossed with white. There's a volley of whips as eaoh horseman grips . liis mount with a closer seat ; Hide, Lewis, ride ! the lad at your side At a finish is bad to beat ! At the furlong-post by a neck at most 'Tis Yarran that leads the way -, Till the scarlet and white, like a flash of light. Shoots out on the ragged bay. They are head and head : 'tis tho bay instead . That leads irom the gallant brown. Who Btrives too late to avert bis late For his stable's fair renown -, One leap at the laBt, and the post is passed, ' ? ' ' And Number Four goes up ; And tbe Sydney crowd shout long and loud, For Paris has won the Cup. * * * ? *. Through the realms of sleop still I strove to ke?p, . The drift of that wondrous dream That bright ray cast from the golden paBt By fanoy'a backward gleam ; But it paBsed away, like the long- loBt day, . When every sky was blue ; When the gay songs, sung when the world .was young, No touch of sadness knew. But the echoing beat of their galloping feet My listening fancy hears, Though the still abode of the steed .1 rode Is green with the Bwathe of years -, And my heart leaps still with the old, glad thrill When I see the colours gleam. Though that bygone race, with its wondrous puce, Is a memory, and a dream. 