"1PERCHANGE TO DREAM." The Mrs Noel whom her acquaintance liked or disliked, according to their in elination, was a handsome and wealthy widow, endowed with a purse liberally tpen to lmeut demands and manifesting the ferve,: interest for many subjects that characte-ises our "fin de siecle." The Mrs. Noel who occasionally con fronted her own soul was a deep and narrow -nature, influenced by two im passioned affections, and as indifferent to outside sympathies as to shadows that pass. One of these affections was de :oted to the memory of her husband, the other was a living love for her only Sdaughter. Concerning this beloved child, the 'nother's heart ached forebodingly while she drove through the avenues of the Champs Elysees in her neat brougham, or toiled through various apartments of that fashionable quarter, accompanied by her maid and a house agent. Dis tracted by an anxiety with which house bunting perplexities had nothing to do, she broke down when, having admired certain picturesque rooms, she was told that the accommodations for the "suite" were three stair-ays higher. "Go, Rosine," she said to her maid, as she sank into an easy chair, "you surely know better than I what we require. I shall rest here until you return." "Madame does not fear to renmin alone?" "Why should I fear?" Mrs Noel de ananded wearily. "We have so con scientiously inspected every corner and cupboard that even a ghost could not have escaped our notice. If you are uervous, hoiwever, you may lock the enter door." Rosine murmured an acquiescent. "As madame pleases," the agent uttered a voluble assurance of secure solitude. and they departed. Mrs Noel leaned back in her chair and shut her eyes. She had often warned herself that anxious days would begin vhen Laura grew old enough to become interested in lovers. but she had not anlicipated that those days would dawn thus swiftly. Laura was only 17. A child in spirit, though visibly nearing the lovely verge of womanhood. Mrs Noel had left her for a holiday visit at the home of a school friend in Scotland. while. she made an annual cure at Hombireg. Now. six weeks later, Laura's letterst were lilled with one man's name. and her hostess wrote that a Russian, Count Rufski. possessing a European reputa tion for fascination, was iursuing Laura with such devotion as she believed no girl could resist. That a woman should marry among ]her countrymen was a law of life evolv ed by Mrs Noel from her own brief happy -marriage. That Launra slhus band should be of her mother's choos inog, Mrs Noel discovered suddenly to be this law's inseparable codicil. Yet Laura had manifested a cheerfully re solute will ever since she was oldenough to feel a preference. What if her will had already decided for this stranger--a Russitn. whose "European reputation for fascination" could not have been ac quired within any number of years ap proximately near to those of this child of 17? Mrs Noel opened her eyes with a pang so keen that she thrust it aside. Laura would return to her to-morrow. Surely .no intruding influence had' thus swift ly eclipsed-her own. She would not con sider stuch disaster. . She would consider Instead the home they meant to make for some. years in Paris-here. perhaps. This apartment seemed likely to suit Ihem. slhe told herself,' while her eyes ,wandered restlessly around the salon, which the agent had brilliantly il luminated when he had shut out the chill autumn twilight. Immediately opposite her chair a wide doorway hung with satin portieres. framed a smaller, yet more charming mrom. whose delicate blue tints sug rested a dainty back-rottnd for the ob ject of Mrs Noels anxieties. ".Tust the cosey little den my darling ' will fancy Her thoughts broke off as sharply as though they had bieeu interrupted words. . Before the chimney twhich faced the archway stood a low couch. heaped withl many satin pillows. A moment since it had seemed the very nest for Laura Now? Was she dazed or dreaming ? "Whose slender, white-clad figure lay among those pillows ? Whose fair head half turned away toward thie chimnley ? Not Laura's, thank God! Color and outline were like but the pretty creatture who so mysteriously appeared there was not Laura, nor vision of Laura. Whoever she was, how did she get there unobserved ? An awe that was neither curiosity nor terror possessed l'rs Noel as she confronted the picture before her. Whence had it come? Why did she behold it? , Between her and the object of her spellbound gaze the figure of a ilan in evening dress advanced soundlessly.His back was toward Mrs Noel as lie step ped softly to the side of the sleepinggirl. He bent over her. His slender jewelled hlands lifted one of the satin pillows. 'What was he.about to'do ? Did he mean some caressing arnrangement of those pillows for the comfort of that fair head ? The sleeper stirred. The bending manu, still holding the pillow, glanced across hlis shoulder; thus turning his Ibeautiful. iril face to the horror-stricken onlooker, and in those cruel, pale eyes his pur pose twas wrltten-rmurder.! A cry, slirill with teltor, intierrupted ilte filuent amenities of Rosine and the house-agent, as he fitted the key into the outer door of the apartment. Aghast ahby paused. There was a r-sh of flying feet along the inner corridor. and a heavy fall. "Open, imbecile!" Rosine cried wildly. "M.aIdalne. mnladatne!" Tile frigihtened aCentt tung wide tile door. alld IoSillte dropped on her kuee.s beside thle iuanintuite boldy of her mis tress. Neither ter'or nor anguitshl can long uspentld tlie illt(lensi cotsitiouslteCss Of such a talllle?lpe'lent as II's Noel's. With :a stran!ge 'regard hlier tIggard eyes slared tiup presently at Rosine and the concier-ge. w-hom the algent had lhur riiedly sumnlmoned. "I was tired tlnd I fainted•" she imiur mnured iulpatiently lo their eager ques fions. "Pal'don. tndanate seaI'enollCdI:" 3irs No-Il r'loynedl and closed her eyes angain. " cA facy! I was half-nsleep--iil bad droanm.' "She at nlprigiht resolutely In the lchair vtwhere tlhiy had lilaced lher, andt smihlt a piretlly Iperfunctoliy smile. "A woman's lnerves Care not to bie ex plainedl. Are they, Madatne Ia Con cicrge'?" she said to tlhat stout erlson age, who was yet iri-athless froul hier uit nip tCVI tlights of' stairs. "'You Ilave t handsoile :ilartnlent Ilere ulltdlr yoour "I hope Madame will not allow her fri.ilt rC pro.itlilic? her :against it." "I will tly to forget it." and tile apart mlent pleases mle. especially the smaller salon, which would tlatke a harming boudoir."i "Ifadamte l?a Comtesse alvays sat there. It Wtas refurtnishted nccordilng to ]1e1' orders." "Shie was fail, I dare say, to choose so much blueu?' "Fair as a lily!" "Why did sthe leave?" '•ihe died, Madame." "Ah. yes. Suildlenly?" "Of heart disease. poor. lovely angel! Mut Madame has doubtless heard the stolrt ?" "'Partly, I-I-". Mrs Noel rose, shivering. "Will you give me your arm to my carriage, Monsiter?" she said to the agent. Despite protestations tihat she could hot yet be strong enough for such eicr tion. sie walked downstairs. "Wlhy should I ask her name?" she repeanted to herself, with every feeble step. "I dreamed, perhaps. Or, if this I horrible vision was the tarth I am no I avenger of Innocent blood. L am a timid woman. I am afraid!" She entered the brougham while Ro sine listened to the agent's regrets con cerning Madame's indisposition. "Madame !" the maid exclaimed, as r they drove away; "it is a small world, is it not? Even this great Paris? The young Comtesse who died in that apart nment two years ago was the wife of the Comte Rufski, who, Marie writes me, is staying in the house in Scotland where \- le. Laura now visits." I During a long moment life seemed \- slipping from Mrs Noel's hold. But she t clung fast to it. t Now did she know why she had been \- permitted to behold that vision of a tragedy over which the grave had closed. , God meant her to save her child. Nor would she fail. His marvellons mercy- Spot though her flesh shuddered and her 3 blood grew cold with horror of what had been and terror of what might be. Rosine, whose keen eyes little es caped, was well aware that her fragile looking mistress was capable of endur I ance beyond the power of a far more 1 vigorous physique. She. however, ven Stured a remonstrance. when. after an hour's repose and a cup of tea. Mrs Noel prepared to keep an engagement at the opera-a remoustalnce which was vain. SMrs Noel was rather late and very pale when she entered the loge of her i friends, yet no one guessed that more ailed herthan fatigue. Why should they? Does not malny an actress play best with sorrowful soul..er.JSaiing body ? I And this woman played her role neither t for fame nor, for daily Iread. hut for 3 that child-love which God's law has or dained to be the core of every woman's heart. There was an outburst of mischievous i amusement when she spoke of her let I ters from Scotland, and the reports of La url's conquest. I "Laura had made a irilliant begin ning. which you must expect to prove an t end also, if Rufski is in earnest! He is i the most irresistible of fortune-htunt o ers !" t "Why, Laura deserves something bet ter." "Oh Iny der. lihe is a good fellow. too, and he has estnblished a record as a de 'voted'husbnd."' - S."He is a widowoei ?" "Since two years. Site ?iwas a Scotch he baiu;'and lieiress when lbe married her, but her fortunesoon vanished in" that big Glasgow bank failure soon af ter their marriage. Rufski. like all. Rus sians, is an incurable gambler, and in variably • hard up.' Yet he bore his disappointment heroically, remained charming to his wife, and semed quite' overwhelmed by her sudden death." "She died suddenly?" " He found her lying dead of heart disease one evening whenl he returned from his club. You are shivering, dear. Wrap this cloak ,about those pretty, shoulders." IMrs Noel did not sleep that night. Surely never woman faced a situation so terrible or so hopleless of human help. Friends aind kinsfolk would think her i mad did she proclaim an accusation of murder founded on such flimusy fabric as a dream. And dared she call that which she had beheld a vision, her mad ness.would be considered more fully iroten. Even Laura might strink dismayed from the mother who sought to sully her imagina tion and shatter her happines with such fantastic horrors concerning the man who, whether or not he had awakened her heart, had certainly pleased her fancy. But Laura must be saved! The God who had shown the danger thus wondrously would vouchsafe the means of escape to those eager mother hands that would not heed what hurt they risked in grasping it. . When Mrs Noel met her daughter at the Gare du Nord there advanced down the.platfornl, besides Laura and Laura's utaid, a tall, handsome min, whose lu minous. pale eyes smiled suavely upon 'Laura's tender flutter. Comte Rufski was gracefully grateful as Mrs Noel, having heard of his kind ness on the journey. where by chance Laura had encountered him.invited him to afternoon tea on the morrow. While Mrs Noel lay awake, through the long watches of a. second sleepless night. her plan grew plain to her. Surely the guilt of which she knew the secret must be haunted by such cow ard fears as would be stirred to self-be trayal by the revelation of a knowledge whose source could only he supernatur al. She was aware of the personal danger shite would risk should Rufski's courage resist the test she intended to put upon it. She could not doubt that he would be at a loss for methods lby which to sweep from his path an enemy whome naced him. Yet Laura should be saved. Laura. whose gay chatter, -in which Contte Rufski's name recurred so.often, stabbed the mother's resolve with a mightier dread than that of her, own danger. Was the child's heart awake? And for whom would it declare itself? Mother or lover. Mrs Noel and her daughter spent the following morning in shopping. Laura was rapturous over the choice of her first hall dress. Yet she insisted tipon having flowers which she had promnised Rufski to wear. They lunched 1t a fnlious patisserie, vwhose goods Laura dlevoured with the reekle's ardour of a schoolgirl's Ihunger. Yet shite forgot to finish a favorite game pie while shite de scanted tupon Rufski's skill at a shoot ing matchi shite had seen in Scotland. They returned to their hotel for "live o'clock tea," antl Rufski did not keep them waiting. With a nhoTrror that tmade the cruelest instant of her ordeal, Mrs Noel beheld hitn lift Lautra's pretty hand to his lips with the long jewelled finge's she had seen press down a satin pillow upon She could not speak iji answer to Ruf ski's graceful gceeting, but sihe smiled. "It is mostly witll a smile that a woman leads lher "forlorn hIope." and tile bravest clleter ?vwhich lhIs letd ieti to tattle, antd 'whose echo rings through history, aIncks somtething of the lheroistn of such a smile. T'le little group salt itont. tile tire anld dralnk lea dalintily. TLaur. was gay, Rlufski amusing. Mrs Noel irather silenit. lust arrived ias two of ltheml were froml Scotdland. talk turned u:nItIrally to Scotch custolns, Scoiel cth irae eristic-s. and. by a subtle imlpulse froml Mrs Noel, to Scotch sllperstitions. Rutfski andl Laluta eacth repeatedl le gends at whose tentors they scoffedl lightly. Mrs Noel grew serious. "I have an itnassailatle otbjection to the credibility of most ghost stories," sile said, very slowly. There was n etntious thrill in her tlut voice which tlonulhl Rnfstki's eyes to hier 1fi' fmtol ll h(t duaughtrt-'s, bint she l wals glazilg at the fire. "I canunotr believe that the Maker of the iti' v rl'se wVotlld permit t le infrac lion of IHis laws for tie frivolous pur pose of useless terrorism that seells thleir usual desigll.'. shie iontinued. "But one has colllte to nly kllowledge reciently, wllose ipurpose is worlthy of God's mercy. andt ill whlose truth I therefore eliev-e." "3tothel, ]h'ow soleltn you ti'C:" Ltair':L cried, withl laughing incrtedulity. "You don't really ueliceve a 'host story?" "Assuredly. as I telieve that all sin colnes to ptnlislunenllt." Rnfski shruiggCed his shoulde-s slight ly. "Perhaps Madamue will deign to con vince of his mistatke a student of life, n-whIo has fancied that he discerned sin lies 'llourishillg like the greetn hy tree' of wnhich the Bible tells ts." "You shall hear' this story, aind I think it wil convince you." S"Again Rtufski's irilliant eyes sought liors, and again iers avoided them. Mrs Noel was no more liberally en dowed with eloquence than are other women of her tempdrament in this un hloquent generation. Buit words that burned into the menmoy of hier listeners lcaped to her lips, as she described the" solitary woman in the empty apartment, the fair vision of secure repose which had so mysteriously appeared before her, and the creeping shadow of murder hich destroyed i Then, it Then, without glancing at her silent auditors, she re lated that the namies of the actors of this ghosty tragedy had become known to its beholder, and that corroborating circunstance and motive were not lack ing to link the phantom to reality and to establish its truth. "A truth. the purpose of whose awful revelation will be accomplished," Mrs Noel concluded in the level voice which had told the whole story. "The woman to whom it was revealed understands its merciful warning of danger to one beloved-a danger to avert which she is prepared to encounter the most public scandal or the most subtle vengeance unless her enemy disappears." Through effort that taxed every force of her being. Mrs Noel slowly lifted her gaze to Rufski's face. A face from which the mask of con trol and civilisation had been swept away and which confronted her, ghast ly with supernatural horror, devilish with the lust of hate, while in .his pale eyes stared that look whose recognition banished fr;om her soul any doubt which might perchance in future years have shaken her conviction of his guilt. From that face, those eyes, she recoiled with an involuntary homage of the flesh to the present menace of Death. Withl a cry Laura flung herself on her knees between her mother and Rufski,as though interposing her own slight strength before that mother's half-com prehended danger. Rutfski inh;k back in hlis chiair hiding his face with his hands. 'l'here was silence. Silence, during which lMrs Noel, feel ing the clasp of her celild's arms thank ed God! Whatever tl:e outcome of this moment's suspense, Laura was saved. Laura's heart had spoken, and its first utteranee h:ad been for her. "Pardon. Madame!'" Rtfski mur mured at last. pantingly. "A thous and pardons for the scene I make. Your horrible story has overstrained inerves sorely shatere?l by muchl sufferinlg" his voice broke down. He rose unsteadily to his feet. His face was white and quivering. but his eyes had recovered their discretion, and confessed only the weakness his words had defined. ."Will Madame forbear judgment on the absent whom her ..eloquence has driven to flight?" ? ltCSt : • ': Ant instant Mirs Noel h Aesitted. • An instant. in which hier couriage touched; its highest reach 'aid faltered. Her child was:safe. f et him go;:then. with his' past, of whi lich she' lidd""such stianige knowedge, to his future, which' sle was powerless to limit or control. "Concerning the.i bsent,t Monsieur, I ani. lnmb -so longas his. absence" en dures." -: ,':' . . " ide bowedd pirofdudly. walked swiftly toward the dear, turned there, bowed1 aggin. and was gone. "'lLotlier': Laura cried, clinging close. "Doii't tellmnce what yo' meant. or why Ihe went awtiyS! I saw hiutilook at you as if--. Darling mother, something terrible has come near us, but it has lpas-sed. Promise that we shall never speak of it again."-Ellen Maclubin, in the "New York Tribune." 