JUBILEE CELEBRATIONS.) 'T'?E C, l:ebrlnlS organised ill Alexandra t,'comrmeeucrate the sixtieth anniversary of the Quees'sa reign, which were so ise' cessfaily commenced on Tuneda? of last week, were continued on Snnday and 'i.iesday of this week. It was i happy suggestion of the Rev. II. WV. Lane, thlat the Protestant chur ches in Alexandra should cormbino nal, hold a service in the shire hall in commemoration of an event that has been celebrated with unprecedented re jnicings in every quarter of the vast British Empire during the past week. The suggeRtion was heartily taken up by the Rev. T. B. Swift nnd the Rev. A. Coates, with the result that on Sunday afternoon last the most successful and the heartiest divino service ever witnessed in ia;s shire was held in the shire hall in tha rresence of one of the greatest (if Snr. the gre.tcst) congregations that have assembled within the precincts of our nmagnifitcnt municipal building. On its being ag eeo, to hold the combined ser vice, the kinld help of Miss Chlew, Mr. IloIsken and Mr. It. E. Edwards was asked in connection with the musical arrangements for thie day, and was readily accorltd. Mr. 1Iosken was appointed coehdinetr, and his great ability and tact in thle mtaagetmentof and in teaching the Sart of singing to, chiliren tean amply a erronstrated by tile splendid musical service he conlllucted on tie afternoon named. It was a treot that gave full satisfaction to the six hundred people present, and for which unstntebd prn;sc is due Mr. lossken and his nasistants, in whom we most also include his son, who presiled at the organ with great credit. Mir; Edwards is likewiso due thanks for providing an orchestra on the occasion, which in spite of short notice, rendered ralnable assistance. '1 here ,as, however, rmach more to do than merely train the 180 chlil irn who formed part of the choir on Sunday aftet niron; anil which was siugmented by the Schirs of St. Johns, and the Presbyter ian and Wesleyan Churches. The stage, largo as it is, would not aecommnodate the whole of the singers at Mr. HIosian's di sonal, and the work of enlarging and 5tting it with raised seats was perhaps the hardest tausk 'Messrs. Ilosken, Ed wards and Sapsford had to uldertake. This woe k was admirably carried out, and tihe scene presentsed on the members of the choir being seated was as striking a one as has ever been presented in our local hall. The boys wore blno salhes, while the girls were dressed in white, half of whom wore red sashes. The seating was so arranged that the colors formed the red, white and "blue of the Union Jack of old Englanl, Punctually to time (2 o'clock) the children were formed tp by Mr. Rudd in the Alexandra State school ground,where they were taken in charge by the mar ahull, Lient. Gordon, who marched them sin Webster anl Nihil streets into Grant street, where a halt was made to allow the Oddfellows to join the procession. The members of tile order marched from their lodge-room in Downey street, and wore for the first time in public their very handsome new regalia, thus materially enhancing the appearance of the proces sion. Noaring the shire hall the Presil ent and members of the Ahlexanra shire council took placo of honor next the children, and were followed by the Wor shlipful Mester. officers and brethren of the Albert Edward Lodge of Freemasons, the Noble Grand-Master, officers and brethren of the local lodge of M.U., I.O. Oddfellows, and then thegeneral public. It took some time to get the great con gregation seated, but admirable arrange ments had been made, and the nine stewards did their work quietly and quickly. Most of the local magistrates attended, and both Thorntn and Yarck were well represented, while other outside localties were in evidence. The ball was liberally decorated with flags of all nations, prominence, how ever, being.ggiven to "the Union Jack and other British flags. A temporary pulpit had been erected on tile left-hand side of the stage, whichl was covered with a larce l.oyal Ensign. AMter the pRev, H. W. Lane had given instructions as to thep order of the service, which differed slightly from the printed copies distributed among the audience, gafr. Hoskin gave the signal for the National Anthem to be song, and hnn draIls ,f mouths poured out, with an earnestness perhaps never before felt, the old familiar strains of God Save the Queen. No sulch loyal demonstration as that of Bonday afternoon han been witnesecad before in Alexandra. It was joined in by members of all creeds in tilhe cormmunity, and a peculiar incident was that marc:hinir togetilher in tie prcession and rcatedl ase:t to each other in tlhe hall were Roman Cath;olic3 cud Orangenon, ind ws:a ran vouch that; the former were ,'I tot71 as tle l.- ter in this cas'e. Thde .ev. r. Ceonates ceed? ulp a prayer :,,king that the hlessingsof thoAImighty be c?nmtil,:d to 1.i Majesty, and tise 1..aL. ,_ .":t I.';t o s`r ,. iI tg :p.1?r1 p ?t I ,rayver. re :li i r:aol, aft;r wIlich a cr, l' tt;,~i ., t - ;: : t a u p, tl; o r- t ch,-sIrt pl,-yint the whilei thi 1)i:tmonel .itlhl ie lMyorn, the scr) of whliich the murmiers had only recei'ed that morning. In keept.n. 'iti. the cc.;.:aion l . Mr. .1 Ii. hl-,. tiltrit to Wlf le'" tihe refrain to each verse bei?ng taiken up by thi choir. The rentlition of the eong Iby MIr. Jones was very crt:ditabl', nud the innovation of the solo was eflective. Th, Rev. Mr. Coatesi then gave an excellent diticourse, taking for his text the words " [tight e·.nitica eCXltetfth a nation," taken from tIh S Ith verse of the 14th chapt-er of l'roverbs. IIe extolled the virtues of the Queen. antd pointed out the wonder fol advance made in art, science and literature, the fre?dioin that hnll been gained luring Her Majesty's reign, and the purity of her court ,ati of her own life, which had manifested itselt among the nation, the influence of which had spreadi throughlout the world. England's greatness hald been founded on the Bible, a and so long as the people and their rulers y held fast to the teachintgs of that great bode, greatness anti prosperity would con tinute with them. Mr. Cdates was lia 1 tened to with wrapt attention, and con a tunlded with ?ich an earnest God bless the Queen as to bIring a repitition of the prayer fromlt a member of tile audience, t who shouted it out at the top of his voice it The Rev. Mr. Line followed, taking tie Stext fronm Proverbt, xxviii chapter, sec ond verse. t - For the transýre.sions of a land many are Sthe Prineci thereof, but biy a man of undter y stanling and knowledge the state thereof slall be polonatged." y lie said : i There can be no misunderstanding the Im d wort of tho-o worth. Thley tell us a truth which hbi? bhen neemplifleid in our English Hiistory, and ii not withoult its illretiraiona in contemlporaneous aflairs. This is not the C place nor is this the time, neither are we the r people, to sit in jtudgement on our neigh Stoiurs. ." Let him that thinketh he standeth take heed laent he fall." Your coaning hItre todily I .,t ItaC itu ecvidence that in your r. opinioi it is a deep caullse for thankfulness to i ti end tlt our Mother cunlltry, her colonics I and deIt1ndencies,thas for sixty yeC'a been v spared the disturlbing i ena iillnton inseparablelt i frtontfitinonl chanliges on the throne. Your presinse .\ir. President antl gortlernen of the ,t Alcxalpira shiro o nocil, who have been eloc te to I tPyour honoutrable positions lw tholpeo y ple of this diatrict, ploves that you consider i the event we commnemaorate of fflicient im plortance to warrant your taking a step . nI which thongh htppilly common enough in II the Old Country, is I believe, without pro c cedent in Alexandra--which shllows that you are ndesirout. of leading those who haove ip. c pointed you as their loaderso in even more i inmportant natters than those in which your no energica and intelligicncies are commonly t ditectel. W.M. anud V.M. Flect, Past r ltatere, Officers and BIrethren of the Albert l'ilward lordgo of Freemnaons, your honour i, able ordet? hia on countless occasions atind in d innumertable ways proclaimed that the Ma tonic virtuer witichl you profess, of brotherly love. relief, and truth, are not confined to the four walls of your lodge-room. blt that ts you are ready antl willing to prove that they are thoconstant rele of your danily life, by to joining in brotherly love with even those who as yeb are net privileged to entitlo \- themselves bretheren of the mystioart, when i, relief of eufferers from the ilia that flesh is it heir to is in question, antd by proclaiming the g' reat truth tthat youl hold in common with till of us assembled hero to-day, ani implict trust antd conflience in Ihaft Great Architect > of the Universe, in whose Almighty name d- this meeting is invoked, and whose loving e. kindness and mercy we are met together to acknowledge. I know that cireumstances which we all regret, and over which you have no control, have prevenlted ynt from a atpearinge to-day in the iliatinguihrtl ialg:as ar of your order, but benring as you tido, the c name of the eldest soe of her whle, long andt i worthy reign we commnemorte tlday, and ii bearing in mind the close and intimate con. ig nection which your hrothehood has always had td with the Crown of lEnland, it is well to lie iherd. To you Noble Grand Maste.r, Vice Grand, officcra and membera of the Loyal Mount Pleasant Lodgs of the Mlan lie cheater Unity of the Iodepeolentl Order of in Oddfellows, whose co-operation we are most re thankful to acknowledge, let me any ai few words of welcoime. You are menmbers of one tr- of those benefit societics,nlso called provident nl societies, which may anlmost be said to owe nt theirexiste:nco-certainly ton very great ex h tent their well beingatd importanco-to tihe egoodIness of God in having given to yen and us for no long a timle, sot, goodt a Qceen as the tie one under whom all benevolent institutions re lhave o ablundantly flourished. Your pru. ry dence or providence in laying iap for a rainy day has been done in safety anm confidence, y and is nn example to the world of wha, may 8 he done by men hening ot one mind in a good 1_ thing, and joining together in bearing one re anltc!ers burdens. It is a plan which not alone is beneficial in clubs but is equally val uIabll in families, in pntlishles, in nations, in tr- the Church of God, which is the elect of all of mankind. It is this matter of prudetace and e co-operation which makes the Scriptures Ihold up the ant and the beo as lessons. They have income degree this same principle 3 of helping ono another, family feeling, andt c. nociety and government. We all know how ! a family that nota in thIe ame manner moat triumph over dilliculties which are inanper e alle to those whose interesos are divided, ae and wheru each one oceko only for himself. Id It is the saivm to Parish, if tho rich nndt es well-to-do help and defend the poor, and the I poor recspect and love the rich anod are ready to serve them as far as they can, that Pariah in a happy one, and if they do not, woll, it is a mis-rable one. Just the nimo with ona tions. We have ecen how the Concert of the \- European powers, or as Lord Silisbury pro fern to term it, their Federation, haa, uuder God's Providence re?strictcldithe conflagration y antd blaze of war to those two unhappy na d tions Greece and Tntrkcy. Als long at that h Federation is faithfully kept we have the as surance that peace will be maintained bet te wn thoo- whtnom the whole world is con 1t corncd in kIeeping on ternes of friendathip. i And the eame argumcnt applien in no less -L degree to the Church of Cllrt, whetClher we consider tle relationshlip between congrega. C, tion anud their ministers, or boetween re tO ligioui bodics. A wvith indiicitualt no with \- Chrit?t whtole Clhurchl, if we bear one an.n othcra btrtdens, Christt's Cihurch will stand andl the intcae of hell will not preva!l against it. Thus you reo that you are particularly 0 right in coming hcroeo-dt:y andti joining in i witth usIn thia solemn thanks- giving Service. , Blenefit societica are right andt reasonable thingi tnd are examples of that principle Swhiich i ts btig no ntrlhlgly illustrated In e Lonlont this day, that the strength of the s hutpire-under God--cotnsists in ovcry part Sof it ibeing joined together anl keeping in mind tihe general intereta of tlhe whole.. Andi now for you fellow chri;tiians who are i, neither Councihlors, Fltceenious, Inor Odd. e c!lowvs, but who ncvertheless have thin in Scoinmon with themt that yell detire t, ex prcesyon r gratiludo to the King of Kings, Sthe Lord of Lord, and the only ntler of Y Princces. Andti wellyou may forthocivil and e religious liberty which we have no long and Ii r:ey j:-rI. L unIliaitrrry asirirnty Ic esr: vi:T of the rcolaic frr i-, :lt thire i. C. h,;rlrly ; Jelaioi. .i ;: r:~it s but whet 51 a, at sxi' title or othr siul-re t tray| w roaug n:l p . r ,ti. . JewJ illtrec. cd rthrijttans ar l Chlri tfhi an i :e r ,i-tr:ati t J,:t, rntd p.ritjl ~orat of all Chriatil?n? huve p;2recaut?el ('hri-,tins3. Lt hint whi iswithout Sin r:nt the Si, t tateli. S rt-ly it is nlot the lca.it l the t.eneticent rPilts 'of our Icluveel Q( cn's !,in- rei?"u th::t we Jr shout hbe ~.l: : t joi: toathier- sikiogi all ti mina r dif.lre'nc.s anll sring: t,-gather thoee d beoutiful hymnrs''"OU G our help in ages f pa.it," anm proclaim our beli:f in that univcr adl kingdom yrt to core, whaenn Jetis ihall reifgn vwhere'er the sun d(et:i Ilis sucicszlvee jourleys run, re.ponidinsg as far na we can to the appleal " \ll people titht on ea, th lo dw.ell,' in, to the L'ord with cheerful voice. " lHim nerve witi fear. lis praise foretell, Corme ye before Iim anl re- a joice." And now a word to the dear children ,lwhore sweet veicens hrave led us in our praises s to-day. 'lTih dc-ire that we had in our r rleorta was that an irpre:yion of this event might Ire mnde on your rnirds that shouldl never be eflccitd. It was with this ohject that the Pr-ident of the shire so kindly pre rented eachl one of you with the medals which I ann gla to rce you wearing to-day. The'r sports. the feasting by generous friends, and the concert the beautiful and eminently suit-t able illuminations, each and everybody nmainlyjwere instituted to assisa in this. And now to:rday, "the crowing event Is thia Com menmoralionr service, in which you are put in the moat ilrrntinent pIlace fitly comes to point you to the aourco of the bencfits which wo:ell aekneiwlOgeo. The Lord of Life and Giver of all Ora d things, the lather of our lord Jeasu Christ, is the one we have to thanb:. JTolaI then with us with hesrt and voice in our hymnm and prayer " God save the Queen." . Love, ,erve, and honour the Lord your God, the God whom your Queen loves, -erves, and honours, the (Go of your forefathers andl tiw G(at who Ihas raiaed your country to such an unexampled positior of: prosperit' and power. In the true know ledge of im, andl of Jesus Christ, whom lIe sent to be our lleavenly King is to he found that which viil eonaure a continuance of the blessings we enjoy and i certaillty of joys hereafter, the fullness of which pax?eas our utmost powers of untdelratanrling. Lore God and we hive little tear hut that youwill also nerve and honour Ilia serrvant the Queen. In conclusion, brethren, let us never forget that " of those who have received mtuch from them iimucth ci required." Let it he ouls tlhen to make a fitting acknowledgement of n our manifest ditty to lodn, by acknowlerdging c Iin in allour wayu. whether they be in the path of legislature, municipal government, associations and Irotherhlrxds, andi above all, 0 for thenaltke of thione children in our ncholus r tic estahlisnoerts. 'Then shall we shoie forth God's praoire not only with our lips, but in a our lives, giving up our?relvc. to tits service Sandl walking before Hlim in holiness and r rihteousncas all our days, through Jeans .r Christ oar Lord, to whom with God the -e Father and the Holy Ghost be all glory and honour world without end. r The Rev. T. D. Swift took his text from the first verse of the xxi. Chapter Proverbs :- "The King's heart is in the hands of the Lord, as the rivers of water : he turncth it whitioreover he w. ill," the deliverence being most earnest e in tone and excellent in quality and was i listened to with equal attention to the' two preceding discourses. at ---- --49 - 