wtfffib''riiiiofcr 'Iiaetthat girl face to face last night,' said Oholly. 'How did she stand the shock ?' asked De Graffe. When we say that wisdom is better than rubies, we generally moan our own wisdom and other people's rubies. Often enough a man gets credit for having sense enough to say nothing, when the truth is that he hasn't sense enough to say any thing. ?- ??-'? ' ' ? ' '??? ' '??????-'?'??? Doctor — 'I am exceedingly proud of the fact, Miss Chips,' thaii' since I have been in practice I have not loat a single patient.' Miss Chips— 'How sad, doctor. And will the poor people never get better ?' He— 'According to the theory of reincar nation, I am doing now just the opposite of what I did in my previous life.' . Candid Friend—' I suppose in your previous exist ence you were always lending money.' 'Yea, sir, I know one woman who can keep a Becret.' 'Please explain.' 'My wife and I have been married for ten years now, and Bhe has never yet consented to tel* me how it is that she is always in need of money.' : ? T 'Ah dearest,' sighed a young man, 'do you know what of all things is nearest to my heart ?' ' ' Really, I cannot say,' sh!e replied, ' but in this cold weather I should think it was a flannel vest.' She' was 'tod practical and it broke off the engagement. ' What brought you to this place, my good friend ?' inquired a visitor at the prison of a convict. ' A mere mattorof opinion got mo h ore, sir.' 'Impossible!'' **'iSfo,' sir, I ex pressed the opinion that I wa3 innocent and the'jury expressed the opinion that I wasn't. It's a hard world, sir.' A burglar who was doing a neat job on a large safe was horrified on looking up to ace a man standing quietly beBide him. He was about to retire when the gentleman said— 'Go ahead, I am interested in this job.' ' Why {'asked the astonished burglar. 'Be- cause I have lost the key. If you can get that safe open I will make it worth your while.' ' A story is toid of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the public-house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost an4 frighten Mia on his way home- ' Who are you ?' said the guid man as the apparition rose before him from behind a bash. ' I am Auld Nick,' was the reply. ' ' Come awa', man,' said John, ' gie's a shake of your hand. I'm married to a sister of yours.' ?.-..??. Tramp (to editor, who is; hurrying past) — ' Sir, couldn't you help me' a little, please 1 I gave you a helping hand once.' Editor— ?'What do you mean, fellow?' Tramp — ' Don't you remember that burglary by Jim Crackitt and his pals some years ago ?'» Editor— 'Yes.' Tramp — 'And how your reports of it juat set) the Howler's circulation a bBomin' V Editor—' Yes.' Tramp— 'Well, I'm Jim.' At a school in the country the sentence ' Mary milks the cow ' was given out to be parsed. The last word was disposed of as follows : — 'Cow is a noun,- feminine gander, singular number, third person;' and stands for Mary.' 'Stands for Mary !' said the excited pedagogue ; ' how do you mako that out V ' Because,' answered the intelligent pupil, 'if the cow didn't stand for Mary, how could Mary milk her 1' , . 'I will bet you a bottle of wine that you shall descend from that chair before I ask you twice.' 'Done,' said the gentleman, who seemed determined hot to obey the summons so obediently. 'Come down.' ' I will not,' was the reply. 'Then otop till I ask you a second tihie.' The gentle man, having Ho desire to retain his good position till that period, came down from the chair, and his opponent won the wager. 'Where are your tickets, gentlemen?' asked the doorkeeper of a theatre to a line of men who confronted him in 'Indian file.' 'It's all right,' shouted a man aff the tail end of the lino. 'I've got the tickets. There's six of us with me. Count; 'em as they go in.' 'In you go. In you go^ gents,' said the door-keeper and he tailed off five, who immediately mixed with the crowd within. Tho Cerberus turned to look for the holder cf the tickets but ho had disap peared, and fivo men saw the performance safe from identification in the tremendous throng of people. 