EidsYold. (FltOM A COIUIESPONDENT.) To many readers of the Gympie Times, it may appaar that Eidsvold 1ms given up the ghost, and slowly dwindled into insignificance, so littlo is known of it to the outside public ; such however is a very erroneous impression, for although our outnut of 'old is not by any means great, we are nont. the Ies3 eimost in prosecuting our search for the hidden tieasure, sup posed to exist within the confines of our goldfield. Mining matters at present Are very qulofc ; the New Heights of Alma Company having shortened hands through inability of having their stono crushed for wane of water. The South West Minerva Company is coming to tho front, and ia likely to be one of our best mines and largest gold producers ; their l.vst crushing of 82 tons yielded 102ozs. of guJd, and judging from the rate of raising atone fhey should have a lirge parcel for tho mill by the end of tho month. The P.O. Minerva, Tommy Dodd.and Golden Spur Tributors are all on stouo, various estimates being formed of the quality thereof ; the battery though in my opinion is the ouly reliable test, and shall therefore await results. Mr. Wilkinson, lateM.L.A. for Ipswich, has bseu on a thi'ca weeks' visit to the Burnett.'ind addressed public meetings at N.inantro. Coolabiuia. Woowoouaa. Para disc, Uayndah, Eidsvold, aid Mount Perry ; his addresses here were well attended and much appreciated, tha large hall being filled on both occasion?. The aims and objects af the Labour Party were explained in a forcible and cle«r manner, and no doubt his visit will bo productive of much good to his pirty. Wo are to have a great day's jubilation on 22nd., all the children, logcilu-r with tho members of tho (4) friendly societies are to inarch in procession heuled by the (2) brass bands to the Spori's Reserve, and ?a monster programme of sports and foast combined, solely for the children, is arranged for ; one of thu attractions for the occasion is tho roasting of » bullock whole, -which will be the lii.ss ev»r served in a similar manner on Eidsvold, everything points' to a vory successful day's outing. In the evening u. hu./e bon fire is to be sot going from a point on Craven's hill, which can be observed for miles around. The members of the Ronrm Catholic Church have organised asocial on a grand scile, which will be held on the evening of tho 22cd inst. ; eo that the wishes of all classes of the community is being catered for on Jubilca day. Wo were blessed with a few wel come showers of rain on FricUy ovening, but unfortunately not enough for our requirements ; however, wo are thankful for small mercies and anticipate further favors at an early da-.e. 