A Tale of the War boob: hi. Over the Balkans with Gourko. CHAPTER VII. BEWAnE OF TUB IiniTlflU I-ION WHKM YOU VVLL HIS TAII^. Oorney eFideutly saw raoro, for he chuckled as though immonaoly pleased at Bomnthing, bhJ slyly ttadged John nndor tho ribs, whiH iiGring in his cars the while : ' Note tho fel low boyond the fountain — ho plays a figure in this game, I reckon. Bare, he has a fine fig-arc, too ; I never saw one like it, saving, perhaps, yours, me boy. Watch him oloesly, and yu'll have your oyeB opened ; je'll nnder «tand something I know hna been bothering' e — mo allusion to your peaohant for slaep ivalldng — for appearing inside tho Turkish linoB, bedad, whon yo were supposed to be lying in your Russian tent, Koopyour oyes open, oolonel doar, for snrpriaos.' TIiobo strange words whispered in the oar of the colonel naturally caused him tho greatest wonder. He did not grasp thoir full significance, but, while missing; tho sub' stance, struck tho shadow, and even ia this got onough to gire him eoine little inkling of the truth. At any rate he watched this third man with great eagerness, and waited to soe what important nioho he filled in Grawlord's great game. Lord Elmer anil the Turk had about finiihed their talk, whioh had been in the nature of a consultation, evidently. Was tho game about to bo opened now ? Tho Englishman had vanished from the scene, and only the Turk and the third party wero left. They oama together and walked np and down, talking in low tones. This party wore a felt- hat, very like that of Colonel Paul ; indeed, his figure corroa pondod with that of the American, and even the gracoful monstaehe drooped from his upper lip. As John noted thii faot a peouliar wave of feeling pasiod over him ; at first he wag burning as if with a fever, and then turned ioy cold, as though a frozen hand bad grasped his heart. The magnitude of tho Briton's fearful plan was just coming home to him. When he managod to graap the whole of it John would be ioined with righteous indignation Bnroly. While be watched this socne with its tro pical sotting, it seemed like a play that was being enaoted for bis benefit. Instead of the orchestral music camo the deep throbbing of Russian guns in the distance, where the Muscovite invadora had run acros some rem nant of the Turkish army and giren them battlo before Sofia. John wetohed and waited, truly. He never eat in a gilded opera-house and gazed upon ?the most enchanting play with one quarter the interest he now felt. He had a stake there that ooncerned his whole future wel fare, and with a man of his ago this meant n good deal. Thon Colonel Paul's heart gave a great bound; another figure entered the court-— this time 0 /emale. Sbo was dressed in blaok. and ho oould not see her face ; but this mattered little. What lover oould be mistaken in the carriage of the woman he worshipped ? Ai far as the eye could see her, John was sure he oould recognise Lady Jeanie. He saw her advance straight towards the man who had thus suddenly appeared to mystify him — ahe advanced with moh con fidence that gave John a queer sonsstion in deed, for ho did not know whetuer to be flattered or not. Cornoy'a mouth was at hit ear, and the Irishman's voiee whispered : 1 Have a care that ye betray no emotion. Be ready to see the ghost wait, and remem ber yo're under me orders the while. I'll have ye in the guard-houso for mutiny if yo make a move, so I will.' All this was sweetness wasted on tho desert air. John heard, but without more than half comprehending whatCoroey was talking about. The reason was patent. As Lady Jeanie reaohed the man who had boon talking to the Turk, she Btretohed out her hand and uttered words that elootrified the American. 1 Col. Paul, I am glad to see you. How strangs it is that you should appear just when J. am in need of assistance! ' oho said. The other took hsr hand eagerly, and John gasped to hear him roply, in tones that would certainly be aooepted bb his own : 1 My dear Lady Jeanio, yon know I am only too giad of tho opportunity. It must have been a kind fate that sent me here. I stand ready to give my life in yoar service, or risk all that I have, but you know the reward 1 aak. Nay, do not turn asido in that way. I love 3 on! Why should I be ashamed to say it, eveu ia the proeoiico of this Turk, who only half understands English V Imagine John's feelings 1 He had an idea that he mail be someone else, and that the person thus speaking was | John Paul, a colonel by tho grace of tho Czar, making love to Jeanio Stookton. No wonder the blood seemed to eongeal in his veins. No wonder ho clinched bis right hand and louged lor the moment to arrive when be might hurl this impostor from tho position ho had uaurped. for the moment he mast hold himiolf in restraint and see what the finale might tura out to be. It wai the hardest talk evar set before him, and little wondor he felt the beady drops of perspiration upon hit fore head undor the Btrnin. Lady Joanio soemod confused by this abrupt loveiuaking on tho part of the otber, She turned her head asido and blushed. It -was doubly perplexing, booauso she believed John i'anl had no right to tell her snoh things. 1 You must not talk so,' she said, subduing her etnotion, ior abo iovod John, and yet knew that it could not bo. ' Must not 1 Denrost Joanie, how *m 1 to help it? Tho holy fiaino consumes mo. I am a plaiu man, not much givon to fino language, but my moaoing ifi unmiBtnkablo, 'Why should I not toll you of my lovo p Tho very ground you walk upon is nacrod to rao. Wo other woman — — ' Sho gavo aory, as if thus suddenly recftllod to her aensoB, and endeavoured to tako hor hand from his olaBp ; but ho would not allow this, and hung on to ii an a drowning man might olutou at a straw. ? I Bay again, Oolouul Paul, you must not address mu in that way 1 It it wrong — it is wicked !' ahe panted, almost overcome with emotion. , . . * Wicked ?— wrong ? Why, my dear girl, you iso strango words I How oan it be wieked for me to love you— to ask yoa to be my wife?1 he asked. ? My letter — you read it ?' 1 1 have received none from yoa, he re plied, whioh waB, of course, the exeot tralh, though it Booinod to stagger the English girl. (To be Continued), 