CATCHES. (Br " SHORT SLIP.") Good game last Saturday. Dame nature favoured her own team, Soebourne Rovers won tbeir first match. " Short-Slip " congratulates Captain Hemingway on his victory. Although tho Civil Servioe team played a good defensive game, they could only total up SB, as against 81 notched by their Th© beet of feeling prevailed all through the match, and only now and again " Short Slip " was sat upon by a few of the fieldsmen, in ease he would chastise thorn for throwing sand at the wicket-keeper instead of the ball. The weather was oricket-go-at-it-sort, and the wicket, thanks to old " Sol," in A1 order. The attendance was fair, being blessed with tbe presence of two ladies. Barrackers were in galore, but owing to their not soaking their 0x8 palates with Tommy Porter's "Gaelic," wore unable to use their voice, and kept very quiet. Cool-drink " took a go-cart fall of hopbeer and ginger-pop to tho ground, which the spectators ana players much appreciated. Three-penny "fies- ups" generally go well on a " dry" wicket. I noticed that one of the Hovers (awhite ribbonite perliapa) in particular, was done " brown " by humping his bluey—a water bag—to tho cricket ground, and when he arrived there he could not persuade one of his pals to taste of the water ot Bubal, they all prefering something that would pop- Eventually be succeeded in planting his burden, and with tongue oat, exclaimed " Mine's a (bottle) beer." The water- bag went home again, not empty, but still overflowing. Moral: Mix not thy water with snakejuice, less thou thyself be mixed. Captain Hemingway led tho Rovers, and Captain Drewry the Civile. Captain Hemingway won the toss, and elected to bat. " Bertie" Naish and " Herb" Church were tbe first representatives of tbe Rovers, whilst Captain Drewiy and " Bicker." commenced the trundling for the Civils. Bert," who has been an unlucky cricketer in the last few matches, doubled his misfortune on Saturday, by being run out, by the smart delivery of Harris, before he had broken the shell. J.C." (jolly cricketer) played an excellent innings for 17, before the inn-spector scattered the stamps. From one hard hit, Jack lost the ball, end owing to the prickly touch of the spinifex, tbe fieldsmanallowed him to run eight times down tho matting. Captain Hemingway soon set to grift, and by a true bat, combined with welltimed strokes, knockod up 23, before putting one into the hands of "Otto" Tepper, where it rested safely. " Saui" received on ovation when he went to the shed. "Jim" Hubbard cried enough after making five, and gave an easy catch to " Tom" ColviUo, which he accepted. " Burly " on trying to pall one of Tommy Fry's yorkers, found that he was "beat" as only one stump remained in the ground. C.B. however, made seven. " Jack Keogh also fell a victim to Fry after breaking his duck. " Dawsie" favoured tho onlookers by laying tho wood on with terrific force, and 'ust had reached unlucky 11, when Drewry jagged him. " Bill" Raymond, the stonewaller of the team, soon had the bowlers tied up, and by careful play, carried out his bat for a dozen. "Jack" Boss had a bit of hard luck, through Fry's good fielding, to be run out for two. " Willie " Fuller was bowled by Bickerdyke for five, and " White-elephant" Hart yielded up the ghost to skipper Drewiy for a single. Tbe bowling honors for the Civils was carried off by Drewry, Fry and Colville also trundling well. Tommy Fry was undoubtedly the best man in the field, and was supported by Otto Tepper. After a. spell of five minutes, during which time skittles 'tnongBt the ginger-pop bottles took place, the Rovers took the field, and the battle was resumed. Slog " Harris and " Bicker." took tbeir places at the wickets, and the trundling was entrusted to Naish and Keogh. Harris, after making half-o-doien, and iving as many chances, was sent away by faok Keogh, who appeared to be in good nick with tbe leather. Bickerdyke was bowled by left-handed Naish for four, and quite a gloom was cast over the Civils' camp when Thomas, their crack bat, and one of tbe best bats in the district, was sent shed-wards by the first ball from Keogh. Such a thing very often oocars, even in first-class matches, when only one man is depended upon to make runs, and such was the case with " Alf." Thomas on Saturday. nds Tom" ColviUe also succumbed to Jack Keogh after making six, and poor sorrowful-looking Tart tried to sneak n run, but Dawson, with an eye like a hawk, had his sticks down, in tbe nick of time. " Otto " Tepper played a nob-out innings for four, ana Gleeson, another of Koogh's victims, made a couple. Captain Drewry came to the rescue, and began to bat freely, and runs came slowly, until the genial skipper opened bis shoulders too wide, and fell a victim to Hemingway alter making nine—topsoore. "Tommy" Fry made a unit, and in his attempt to drive Hemingway, was caught by BOH la the slips. " New-chum " Wood- row made as many one's as his club-mate, and then bowed to Keogh. "Bsndolph" Kirk came in, took block, chalked bat, but lo 1 the first ball he got he spooned right into Fuller's floppers. Th son perhaps was too low for "Sandy," or he would not exclaim, after nn-paading himself, "They couldn't bowl me out. Dedicated to " Randolph " on the ooca< sion nf his dtbul in association matches. Bandy had a little bat With neat and tidy 'andlo, But when the ball he played it at Ho used it like a damsel, With chalk, pods, and hand-gloves oa He walked into the crtue. And one would think be was a don Bat for his Siamese, He spooned tbe first ball that he got Into tbe hands of Fulli>r, And aeomed to be Just boiling hot When he had proved a " mullet." When walking outwards from his crease He said they could not bowl him. He tried to peg a orioket lease But no one would uphold him. He left tbe ground In sullen mood And sot the egg hi> could not brood, So with his fate then ends a. tale, Which " Short-SUp" has perforce cur [tatl'd. "Short-slip" U offering a wooden spoon to the man who lays the most cricket eggs in the association matches. There's only one in it at present. Jaok Keogh bowled excellently, and took five wickets At a cost of 19 runs. Heuing' way, 8 for 8, alio did good work. Dawson, Boss and Churob fielded wdl, and prevented many runs. With regard to the cricket ground, I am of opinion that something should at onoe be done to either improving it or dosing it up, sad a more convenient site chosen. The first thing wanted Is n good sound concrete pitoh, and until that is laid down, crioket will remain at a very low ebb in Boebourne. Boundary marks should also be mode, and last but not least a decent shed should be erected, obvlatinf: people sitting down on stones, bottles, an i boxes, to the detriment ot their " *lt-tnedowns." Vtrh «ep. The wiry and good-hearted cricketers of Cossack seem to bold their genial skipper, George Snook, in high esteem, not only as a cricketer, but as a gentleman and trustworthy citizen. This was evidenced on Saturday evening last, when the Weld Hotel at tbe port was crowded to its uttermost with wielders of the willow, and a large majority of the townspeople, tbe occasion being a send-off and presentation to " Georgy " on his departure from Cossack to Boebourne. The whole proceedings bore testimony of " Snookie'e " popularity, and the cricketers gift, a gold albert and locket, proved tbe truth of the song, " For we all love tieorge." At a meeting of the Boebourne Rovers held at Host Porter's Victoiis. Hotel on Wednesday evening last, Mr. A. E. Dawson was unanimously elected Secretary, Treasurer and Delegate to the club vice Mr. Smith, who recently left the town. Since "Dawsie" bos been acting as secretary, for the pest few weeks, the club has made rapid strides in the path of progress, and there is no denying the fact that while he holds the reins of secretaryship the club is bound to thrive. The Boebourne Rovers journey to Cogsack to-day to play the port team. As this is the first association match played at CoBsack this season, there is a great deal of interest being evinced, and speculation is rife. I trust that the match will he a friendly one, and may the best team win. BOEBOUBB BOVEBS. J. Church, W. Raymond, 8. Hemingway (capt.), J.Hubbard, A. Naish, A. E. Dawson, T. Porter, T. Molater, J. Wotberspoon, e J. Keogh, and C. Burlinson. Subs.—A. £011, W. Fuller and J. Boss. The above players are requested to roll up at the tram sheds at lS.£0p.m. sharp. 