THE CHRISTIAN. By HALL CAINE, AUTHOR OF "THE MANXMAN." X. — Continued. Somebody was coughing loudly In the ball as John stepped downstairs. It was the archdeacon coming in. "Ah." he exclaimed, with a flourish ot the hand, greeting John as if they had parted yesterday and on the best of terms. Yes, there had been changes, and ne was promoieu iu » sphere of higher usefulness. True, his good frieuds had looked for something still higher, but It was the premier archdeaconry at all events, and in the Church, as 1n life generally, the spirij; of compromise ruled everything. He asked what John was doing, and on being told, he 6aid, with a somewhat more worldly air, "Be careful, my dear Storm; don't encourage vice. For my part, J am tired ot the fallen sister. To tell you the truth, I deny the name. The painted Jezebel _of the Piccadilly pavement Is no sister of mine.' "Wo don't choose our relations, archdeacon, said John. "If God is our Father, then all men are our brothers, and all women are our sisters, whether we like it or not." "\h! The same man still. T see. But we will not quarrel about words. Seen the dear First I.ord lately? Not very lately. All, well," with u superior smile, "the air of Downing-street— it s so had for the memory, they say," and coughing loudly again, he stepped upstairs. John Storm went homo that day light-handed, but with a heavy heart. "Begging Is an ill trade on a fast day, laddie, said Mrs. Calleuder. "Sit ye down, and talc' some dinner." "How dare these people pray, 'Our Father which art In heaven'7 It's blasphemy — It's deceit!" "Aye, and they would deceive God about, their dividends If He couldn't see into their safes." "Their money is the meanest thing Heaven gives them. If I asked them for their health or their happiness, Lord, God, what would they say?" On the Sunday night following John Storm preached to an overflowing congregation from tho text — "This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoreth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me." But a few weeks afterwards his face was bright aud his volco was cheery, and he was writing another letter to Glory: — "In full swing at last, Glory. To carry out my new idea I had to get £3000 more of my mother's money from my uncle. Ho gave It up cheerfully, only saying he was curious to see what approach to tho Christian Ideal the situation of civilisa tion permitted. But Mrs. Calleuder is 'dour,' and every time I spend (id of my own money oil the church she utters withering sarcasms about being only a 'daft auld woman herself,' and then 1 have to caress and coax her. "The newspapers were facetious about 'Baby Houses' until tliey scented the Prime Minister at the back of them, and now they call them the 'Storm Shelters,' and christen my nightly proces sions, 'The White Cross Army." Even the arch deacon has begun to tell the world how he 'took an interest' In me from tho flrst and gave me my title. I met him again tho other day at a rich woman's house. Here we had only one little spar, and yesterday he wrote urging. me to 'organise my groat effort,' and have a public dinner in honor of its inauguration. I did not think God's work could he well dono by people dining in herds and drinking bottles of champagne; but I showed no malice. In fact, I agreed to hold a meeting in tho lady's drawlngroom, to which clergymen, laymen, and members of all denominations are being invited, for this Is a caUGe that rises above all differences of dogma, and I Intend to try what can be done towards a union of Christendom oil u social basis. Mrs. Callender is 'dour' on that subject, too, reminding me that where the carcase is there will tho eagles bo gathered together. Tho archdeacon thinks we must have the meeting beforo tho 12th of August, or not until after the middle of September, and Mrs. Callender under stands this to mean that tho Holy Ghost always goes to sleep In the grouse season. "Meantime, my girls' club goes like a forest fire. We are In our renovated clergy house at last, and have everything comfortable. Two hun dred members already, chiefly dressmakers and tailors and girls out of the jam and match fac tories. The bright, merry young things, rejoic ing in tlielr brief blossoming time between girl hood and womanhood, I love to be among them and to look at their glistening eyes! Mrs. Cal lender blows withering blasts on this head also. Baying it Is no place for a 'laddie,' whereupon I llo low and think much, hut say nothing. "Our great uight Is Sunday night after service. Yes, Indeed, Sunday! That's just wheii the dev il's houses are all open round about us, and why should God's house be shut up? It Is all very well for the people who have only one Sabbath In the week to keep It wholly holy. I have seven, being a follower of Jesus, not of Moses. But the rector of tho parish lias begun to complain of my In trusion, and to tell the bishop 1 ought to bo 'mended' or 'ended' Immediately. It seems that my 'doings' are 'Indecent and unnecessary,' and my sermons aro a 'violation of all the sanctities, all tho modesties of existence.' Poor dumb dog, teaching the Gospel of Don't! The world lias never been reformed by 'resignation' to the evils of life or converted by 'silence' either. "How I wish you were here In the midst of it all! And who knows? Perhaps you will be some day yet. Do not trouble to answer this. I will write ngain soon. Au revoir!" XI. On tho day of tho drawing-room meeting a large company gathered In the hall at Belgrave- square. Mercy Mackray, now Lady Robert Ure, back from tho honeymoon, received the guests for her mother, whose weak heart and a headache kept her upstairs. Her husband stood aside, chewing the end of his moustache, and looking through his eyeglass with a gleam of amused interest In his glittering eye. There were many ladles, all fashionably dressed, and one ot them wore a seagull's wing in her hat, with part of the root left visible painted red, to show that it had been torn out of the living bird. The men were nearly all clergymen, and the cut of their cloth and the fashions of their ties indicated the various complexions ot their creeds. They glanc ed at each other with looks of embarrassment, and Mrs. Callender. who came in like a breeze off a Scottish moor, said audibly that she had never seen "so many crows on one tree before." The Archdeacon was there with his head up, talking loudly to Lady Robert. She stood mo tionless in her place, never turning her eyes to wards John Storm, though It was plain that she was looking at him constantly. More than once be. caught an expression of pain In her fnce, and felt pity for her, as one of the brides who had acted the lie of marrying without love. But his spirits were high; he welcomed everybody, and even bantered Mrs. Callender when she told him she "objected to the hale thing," and said, "Weel, weel, bide ye a wee." The Archdeacon gave the signal, and led the way with Lady Robert to the drawing- room, where Mrs. Mackray, redolent of perfume, was reclining on a sofa, with the "lady poodle" by her side. As soon as the company were seated, the Archdeacon rose and coughed loudly. "Ladies and gentlemen," he said, "we have no assurance of a blessing, except 'Ask aud ye shall receive.' Therefore, before we go further It Is our duty as brethren of a common family in Christ to ask the blessing of Almighty God on this enterprise." There was a subdued rustle of drooping hats and bonnets, when suddenly a thin voice was heard to say, "Sir. Archdeacon, may I inquire first, who Is to ask the blessing?" "I thought of doing so myself," said the Arch deacon, with a lofty smile. "In that case, as a Unitarian, I must object to an invocation in which I do not believe." "Well, If the name of our Lord is a stumbling block to our Unitarian brother, no doubt the prayer In this Instance would be acceptable with out the customary Christian benediction." "That's just like you," said a large man near tlie door, with whiskers all round his face. "You've been trimming and compromising all your life, and now you are going to trim away the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." "tf our Low Church brother thinks he can do better I shall be happy to resign the duty in his favor," said the Archdeacon. "But, sir." Eaid another voice, "I object to both of you. Being a Catholic priest, and, therefore, the only clergyman present whose ordination is valid, I decline to sit here and be superseded in the sacred office by any layman." There was a half-suppressed titter from the wall at the back, where Lord Robert Ure was standing with his face screwed up to his eye glass. But the Unitarian had risen again. "May I," he said, suavely, "as the flrst cause of this unhappy difference, pour oil on the troubled waters? I propose that the venerable Archdeacon he requested to repeat the Lord's prayer. I think that will be unobjectionable to the representa tives of all Christian denominations." A murmur of relief was passing over the com pany when a bushy-bearded man rose and said. "As an agnostic I must object to the Lord's prayer, the very flrst clause of it being beyond all posslbilty of human knowledge." Then there was blank dismay, and Lord Ro bert's face seemed to be cracking under his moustache from ear to ear. John Storm bad looked Icy cold, though the twitching ot his lower lip showed that he was red hot within. "Ladies and gentlemen," he said, in a quavering voice, "£ apologise for bringing you together. I thought if we were in earnest about the union of Christendom we might at least unite in the real contest with evil. But I find It- is a dream. We have only been trifling with ourselves, and there is not one of us who wants the union of Christendom except on the condition that his rod shall be like Aaron's rod. which swallowed up all the rest. It was a mis take. and I beg your pardon." "Yes, sir," said the Archdeacon, "it was a mistake, and If you had taken my advice from the flrst and asked the blessing of God through good high churchmen alone — — " "God doesn't wait for any asking," said John, now Hushing up to the eyes. "He gives freely t now flushing up to the eyes. "He gives freely to churchmen alike." "If that is your opinion, sir, you are no better than your friend tho agnostic there, and, for my part, I will never darken your door again." "Darken is a good word for it. Archdeacon," said John, and with that the company broke up. Mrs. Mackray looked like a thundercloud as John bowed to her on passing out, but Mrs. Cal lender cried in a jubilant voice, "Be captain of your own ship, laddie." and added (being two yards behind the Archdeacon's broad back going down the 3tairs), "If that 'deacon man is lo be au inheritor of the kingdom of heaven, there'll be a mlchty crush at the pearly gates, I'm thinking." John Storm went back to Soho with a heavy heart. Going up Victoria-street he passed a crowd of ragged people who were ploughing their way through the carriages. Two policemen were tak ing a man and woman to the police court in Rocelister Row. The prisoners were Sharkey, the keeper of the gambling house, and his wife, tho baby farmer. But within a week John Storm, in greater spirits than ever, was writing to Glory again: — "The Archdeacon has deserted me, but no mat ter! My uncle has advanced me another thousand of my mother's money, so the crusade Is self-sup porting in one sense at all events. You would be amused to see how tlie women of the West End are taking it up — Lady Robert Ure among the rest. They have banded themselves into a sisterbood, and christened our elery house a 'Settlement.' One of my Greek owners came in the other even ing to see the alterations. His eyes glistened at the change, and lie asked leave to bring a friend. I trust you are well and settling things comfort ably, and that Miss Maequarrie has gone. It is raining through a colander here, but 1 have no time to think of depressing weather. Sometimes when I cross our great squares, where the birds sing among the yellowing leaves, my mind goes off to your sweet home in the sunshine; and when I drop" into the dark alleys and lanes where tho pale-faced children play In their poverty and rags, think of a day that Is coming, and. God willing. Is now so near, when a ministering angel of ten- dcrnoss-and strength will he passing through them like a gleam. But I am more than ever sure that you do well to avoid for the present the pompous joys of life in London, v.-liere for one happy being there nro a thousand pretenders to happiness." On the Sunday night following Crook-lane out side the clergy house was almost blocked with noisv people of both sexes. They were a detach ment of the "Skeletons." and the talk among them was the trial of the Sharkeys, which had taken place the day before. "They've 'ed six menths," said one; "and it's all along o' minjee parsons," said another; and Charlie Wilkes, who had a certain reputation for humor, did a step- dance and sang some doggerel beginning, "Father Storm is a wery good man, 'e does you all the 'arm 'o can." Through this crowd two gentlemen pushed their way to the clergy house, which was brilliantly Ut up. One of them was "the Greek owner," tho other was Lord Robert Ure, Entering a largo room on the ground floor they flrst came upon John Storm, in cassock and biaretta, standing at the door and shaking hands with everybody who cuine ill and went out. Ho betrayed no surprise, hut greeted them respectfully, and then passed them on. Every moment of his time was occu pied. The room was full of the young girls of the district, with here and there a sister out of an other world entirely. Some were reading, some conversing, some laughing, some playing a piano, and some singing. Their voices filled the air like the chirping of birds, and their faces were bright and happy. "Good evening, father," they said on entering, and "Good night, father," as they went away. The two men stood some minutes and looked round at the room. It was observed that Lord Robert did not remove his hat. He kept chewing the end or a decrepit cigarette, whereof the other end hung down his chlu. One of the sisters heard him say, "It will do with a little alteration, I think." Then he went off alone, and the Greek owner stepped up to John Storm. It was not at first that John could attend to him, and when he was able to do so ho began to rattle on about his own affairs. "See." he said, with a delighted smile, and a wave of the arm— "see how crowded we are. We'll have to think of talcing in tho next door soon." "Father Storm," said the Greek, "I have some thing to say, though the official notification will of course reach you by another channel." (To be continued.) 