DIOCESAN JUBILEE. The Jubilee celebration of the Church of England is Victoria—correctly speaking, the Diocese of Melbourne—commenced on Sunday, and will be continued through the whele of this week, Tho first Bishop of Melbourne, Bislio] Perry, was consecrated in Westminster Abbm on Junc 29,1847. Ho landed in Melbourne o: Juno 23,1848, and prior to his arrival the whol< staff of the clergy in the colony numbered three It has now 181 in tho Diocese of Melbourncalono | Bishop Perry died in England in 1891, bavin; j previously resigned tho bishopric on account ol | his advancing years,and Dr, Moorhouso was ap pointed in his stead, being consecrated in 1876. ! He administered affairs until 1886, when he was appointed to tho See of Manchester, in Eng land, his see being the present bishop, Dr. Ooo, who was consecrated on February 24,1887, and was installed on April 14 of tho same year. Tho Church Assembly in February last, de cided that a “ Church Jubilee Fund” should he raised and appropriated • as follows£5000 to tho income of the Bishop of Melbourne’s Fund for 1897-8; and the balance to bo divided equally between tho Superannuation Fund, tho extinction of parish debts, and the capital of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, To carry out tills purpose, Bishop Qoo appeals to members and adherents of the church to contribute a sum of £25,000. Towards this amount dona tions to tho extent of over £2000 wore received by the diocesan authorities, and on Sunday special collections were taken up in every church in tho diocese. Two sermons wore preached in All Saints’ Church by tho Rev. R, C. N. Kelly. In tho morning ho took his text fromJRovclations, 22nd chapter, 1st and 2nd verses. Ho took the River Nile ns an illustration of his remarks, showing how over its groat length it fertilized qn enormous area, ami compared it with tho Church of Eng land, which had omitted a continuous flow of light and grace, and spiritually enriched nation after nation. Christ’s aim in sotting free tho forces of tho church had been to win mankind to confidence in tho Almighty, and make God’s presence felt in their lives. This aim included every manifestation of responsibility in life, and it was the work of tho ohuroli to dig the chan nels through whioh tho light and grace of Ood might flow. In the evening ho preached on personal devotion to God, and the necessity for reality in church work, and pointed out that if the efforts in working up tho Jubilee celebration wore tqjmsuccessful- they must" be inspired by this personal fooling. Prayers for tho Jubilee wore offered up at each service. Both were full choral services, and in tho even ing tho “ To' Doum ” and Stainer's Seven-fold Amen were rendered by the choir, under the leadership of Mr. Alee. J. Pearce, who also presided at the organ. Tho collections for tho day amounted to £24 Is 8d, tho greater part of which was obtained at a semi-choral celebra tion of tho Holy Communion, which was hold at 8 a.m. A full choral evensong was hold in this church last night. Tho music was ren dered in excellent style. Mr.- Pearce aotod as conductor and organist, and tho preacher was tho Rev. Richard Potter, of Maldon, son of Canon Potter, of Melbourne. A meeting of the congregation and parishioners of All Saints’ will bo held to- night in tho schoolroom at 8 o’clock. Tito object isto organise a Jubilee Fund. St. Paul’s was nicely decorated, and in front of the altar were the words, “ Tho Jubilee of our church in Victoria, 1847-1897." It was noticeable in the decorations that the “ red white and blue ” were conspicuous. There were largo congregations at each service. Archdeacon MncCullngh conducted both ser vices. His text in tho morning was Acts, 11th chapter, 24th verso, “ For ho was a good man and filled with the Holy Ghost,’’ etc. In tho evening ho spoke on ' Psalms, 48th chapter, 11th verso, “ The Lord of is us ; tho God of Jacob i$ qur vofugo.*’ The rev. speaker mentioned that at tho time of Bishop Perry's consecration there wore only three Church of England clergymen in the colony. At the pre sent time there wore 186 in tho Dlooeao of Mel bourne alone, and 50 readers who take regular services—in all 236. There wore also 150 clergymen and readers in tho Diocese of Bal larat. In addition to them there were about 300 lay gentlemen engaged in ordinary avoca tions who render aid wherever their services are required. Tho total collection at tho church and school op Sunday wore £127. At tho morn ing service tho ohoir “ Tho Church’s Foundation is Jesus Christ our Lord,” and in tho evening, “ I am Alpha and Omega." 