MEM AID WOMEN. Somo Present Day Writers. ' A King's Corse. Mrs. Felicia Remans, who discovered "the stern, and1 roclc-bound c.oast" of Plymouth, and who is the only writer of Imaginative li terature produced by Liverpool, is to have a monument there, if titei money can be raised. Queen Victoria it is said, has travelled more milea than any other European ruler. Since 18-12, the year shle first entered a rail way carriage, her record, according to an English authority, is 2.000.0GO miles. The Prince of Wales has about 1,500,000 miles to (his credit. The father of Anthony Hope, the novelist, Is the Rev. E. C. Hawkins, vicar of a histo ric London churcih — St. Brldes's — on Fleet- streiet. In this church are burled Richard son, the novelist; Lovelace, the cavalier poet; the Earl of Dorset, Dryden's patron'; Wy nice-in de Worde, t'he printer; Flaxman, the sculptor, and other men of note. Zangwill is an earnest and conscientious worker, as. his books testify, and no reviewer Is quite as critical or quite as difficult to please as he Is where his own work is con cerned. This being so it is not surprising to hear that "Dreamers of the Gliotto" is no, nearly ready, and its publication wll,l very probably be deferred until the spring. ,. Count Tolstoi is reported by the London "Daily Mali" to be writing a new novel, the scene of which opens in. a law court. A young woman, tried for theft, Is sentenced to exile in Siberia. Owe of klie jurymen "re cognises her as a victim of his own, with the iesult that lie accompanies her to Siberia and shares her hardships, thus doing pen ance l'or his eorly sin. The English "Echo" says that Marion Crawford is one oftlhe "least paragraphed" of modern literary men. and (that personally he is almost unknown to (his special consti tuency. I-Ie is about 40 years of age, amid was born in Italy, of American, parents. He was educated at C'oncord, N.H., Trinity Col lege, Cambridge, England, and I-Ieidelberg, Germany. He is a convert to Romanism. He is said to be "a handsome man, with, a handsome wife and a clever sister." Miss ElizabeUi L'owe, who died recently in London, had been the editor of the London "Queen" for thirty-three years. Her bro ther trained his sister in journalistic work at a period when the woman journalist had scarce appeared on the scene. Wlheia Miss Lowe took the editorship of the "Queen," tho paper contained sixteen pages; now It numbers from 100 to nearly 150, and Is the most important of English papers devoted to feminine interests. An early work by President Faure has been discovered in the second-hand hook stalls of the Qual Voltaire. It is entitled "Le Havre; Its Commerce, Industrie® and Navigation; Information, Compiled and An notated by Felix Faure, Consul of Ills Ma jesty tihe King of the Hellenes at Le Ha vre." On the title page, for a . motto, a phrase of Napoleon I. is printed: "Le Havre, Rouen and Paris form but one city, of which the Seine is thie main street." ,M. Faure was Greek Consul for twelve years from 1800, on. One of the pioneer women doctors in Eng land, Mrs. Garrett Anderson, at one of the jubilee congresses spoke of the earnings of successful women as running from £200. to £1000 per annum. The "London- Woman" says the highest sum is one seldom reached, however. On the other hand, the New York "Evening Post" says tlialt £1000 may be- a very large sum for a female physician to earn in London' in a year, but there are a number of New York women doctors who can point to twice that sum as the result of their professional -labours for a twelve month. ' ; Sir Alfred Miluer, the new Governor of tho Cape Colony, has a wonderful memory. On one occasion, when he was Mr. Gos- chen's secretary, 'he was hailed upon by a .journalist for a copy of Mr. Gosehen's ad dress, to the electors of East Edinburgh. The .address hod been sent out by post, and there was no copy, but Sir Alfred Milner sat down at once and wrote out :t!he address from me mory. When it was compared with the ori ginal there were only three words wrong In the whole address qf nearly flour hundred words in length. jf!IT ' ' " An Interesting cricket match was played in England lately between two elevens, In which Mr. Barrio and Cona.n Doyle figured as captains. There- were several artists in the game, and among tlhiem Alfred Parsons, Herkomer and F. D. Millet. . Artists never are such muffs at ball as are the writers, and Mr. -Herkomer quite distinguished hlmaolf, though C'o nan Doyle showed himself to be a tireless bowler. Which side won Is rather obscure. Mr. Barrle having argued it out quite conclusively that his men hod mado the most runs, it may be Inferred that tlh'ey were the losers. Where was Andrew Lung? At golf, or fishing, or finishing up lils book on ghosts? It has been discovered that the rhythmic curse over the grave of Shakespeare to the effect that he who disturbs those bones will bo pursued by malignant fate Is Identical !n Idea with that which King Ashmanezer, ruler of the Sldonians, caused to be engraved on his intended Sarcophagus, which was re moved from Sldon to Paris. The curse, thou sands of years older (than that of Shake speare, did not avail, and tho excavating spoilsman braved the adjuration, which translated runs: "I rest in this tomb In Uiho place which I have built. My adjuration to all the ruling power® and to men is: Let no one open this resting-place nor (trouble me In this resting-place by disturbing the couch of my slumbers. For all men who should open this tomb of imy rest there shall be no rest with the departed; they shall not be burled in a grave and there shall be to them neither son nor seed; neither root below nor fruit above, nor honour among ho living under Ithe sun,' " 