CHAPTER III.—(Contkufl) rELL turned a scarlet face to that dark, quiet one by > her side. ' How do you know ? j "What do you mean?" shej exclaimed. | ' I dou't know. I only conclude that J it xrill be so,' said Deborah Gray, coolly, j ' I am sure he has nothing. He was: destitute of anything except, pawn-1 tickets when his'clothes were taken off.'; Well, I naturally suppose he cannot | get to Dublin without a tickc-t, or live j on air until his first month's salary is > due. You are yottng and enthusiastic, j ind you think he is a genius, and there U no nobler task in life than that of assisting genius. I thought so too. j once,' she added, with a little touch of' bitterness. * But I hare learnt wisdom j jince those davs, Yell. Am I glad ? I often wonder. On the whole I think 1 almost envy you for being able to play fairy godmother. It is more blessed to give than to receive, we arc told. 1 wonder if you will find it so ?' ' Whether I do or not,' said Yell, 'it •rill make no difference. My only difficulty has been in persuading him to take any help, even on the common tense representation that he could not get to the place where he would be able to earn means of repayment without incurring the obligation of repayment. It is very hard for a woman to persuade a man to let her.help' him.' I have known some men,' said De borah, 'who needed very little persuasion, or would dispense with it altogether if the woman wished.' 'Ah, that is one of your bitter sarcastic speeches,' said Yell. ' Dick Barrymore, is s ortnot that of man. ' ' So he is Dick now,' said Deborah. 1 We are getting on I see.' Yell laughed, and the laugh was too frank and heart-whole to be misconstrued. ' I knew you would say that,' she said, f but you are quite wrong. He told me his name casually. Of course, I don't call him by it to his face.' ' There is no reason why you should j not,' said Deborah Gray, 'if it pleased ! you. Drawing-room manners are not! absolutely necessary in a hospital ward. I fancy he would not object. His eyes are very eloquent, at times.' 'I would rather you did not talk like that, Debbie,' said the girl earnestly. ' Indeed you are quite wrong in imagining anything of the sort. I have only tried to comfort him—to help him" a little bit. Surely that is not so very extraordinary.' ' You are a good little soul, Yell, and I can't helpstying so. But I do hope you won't let your feelings run away with you. Very few men are to be trusted, and you do look so ridicu lously young aud innocent,' she added, xvith a faint sigh. t 'Itseems to me,' said Yell, ' that my appearance is seriously against. me. "When I was a governess I was always bring told the same thing, and -Mrs. htartyn, the lady in whoge serrice (I i suppose- that i= the right word) I was, ! used to be so disagreeable and so ■patronising. I felt she disliked me.* j 1 Had she a husband '/ inquired Deborah Gray. 1 Oh, Tes. He was very nice, and much fonder of the children than his wife/ 1 Ah/ said Deborah; 1 that acconnts for her treatment, no doubt/ * Oh, Debbie, how can you. Ton don't mean AVhat a bad opinion of ; human nature you seem to have!' ' 31 v experience of it has not shown rue "its best side perhaps/ said Deborah, quietly. She looked away through the hot ! haze of sunshirit*. Fleeting images of balf- forgotten scenes crossed and re crossed each other in her ^und.' A wider gulf than actual years separated her from this girl by her stie. Her eyes burnt with a sombre fire. The sharp sting of memory was' pierc ing through her apparent composure and one unhealed wound throbbed painfully. Nell did not interrupt that silence. The golden rule of friendship is the knowledge of when to speak, and when to hold one's tongue. Nell wa? beginning to know Deborah Gray very well, and to recognise that she had lark moods and moments best left uu- j disturbed. Shenevcr dreamt of asking j their cause or their meaning. Somi ; instinct told her that she would neve; ] hear them, unless some day confession : presented itself in the form of relief to the self-controlled woman. j She admired her with enthusiasm.; She recognised in her the strength and; helpfulness that she herself lacked. The I difference between them was in itself1 an attraction. Nell was inclined to hi enthusiastic from impulse, and to endow j those she loved with every possible1 virtue. Deborah Gray recognised this! very quickly, and always checked a; too- lavish display of feeling. She didi not believe very much in the affection j or the admiration of one woman fori uuother. All forms of 4 gush' oi; emotion were hateful to her. She had i trained herself to coolness, and was I somewhat scornful of her sex's constant I self-betrayal. j The bitterness of an actual experience ; is yet less bitter than the distrust it ha?: awakened. It hurt Deborah Gray often j to check a natural impulse to hi generous or trustful, and yet.she had} checked it again and again. . She said • sharp little things to herself respecting i ■ such impulses; she kept watch and j guard over any errant feeling; she prayed for calmness as other women pray for love. Her ideal of happiness was a composure that could not he raffled by breath of excitement, or dis turbed by external influences. "When she turned again to Nell and spoke, they had almost reached their destination. They changed omnibuses and came hack by the same route. In these hot summer days it was their favourite way of taking the air. It was cheap and it was restful, and it gave them a wide knowledge of streets and districts throughout London. On the return journey, Deborah sxilfully evaded dangerous topics. She en couraged Nell to talk of her home in Ireland, her early girlhood, of the people and their ways. That bright girlish chatter always amused her. It' was like a ripple of sunlight ou the gloom of their hospital life. Nell had the Irish faculty of seeing the humorous side of things and of people. Her eye was quick to detect comicalities where others swept by in indifference. .But to-day she was conscious of a little sense . of- 'fatigue .as Bhe rattled on.* There was more of effort than real amusement in her descrip tions. She talked for talking*s sake, and "because she knew Debbie wished, her to talk. It was a curious feeling, and it impressed her. The little stream of light and frivolous warns was checked ; abruptly. . ' How I talk,' she exclaimed, with ] sudden impatience. 'And what non sense it is! "Why do you let me ?' * Xonsense is good for youth and natural to it,' said Deborah. 1 Youth, youth i How you do. harp on that. I am not young, I tell you. It seems years and years ago since I was a girl—a girl who cared for the fit of her frocks, and to whom a dance meant raptnre. I feel now as if I should never dance again.' ' This is hardly the weather, or the ' nlaee, to make it an attractive prospect,' ! said Deborah, gravely. 'But I should not like to put you to the test when the surroundings were suitable.' ' You think I am not to be relied on! I know you do, Debbie. I have a humiliating consciousness of the fact. I wonder if yon are right. I know I am not a hit the sort of person I meant to be; yet I began well.' ' We all do,' said Deborah Gray. ' Come, let us go in now; our time isn't up, but this heat is cruel. You look quite white and fagged, child.' _ Thev passed up the steps and into the wide, cool hall. A man was there, talking to the house surgeon. An elderly man, with keen, sharp-cut features and iron-gray hair. His clothes had that foreign ' cut' which bespeaks the traveller. The surgeon turned to the two nurses as thev entered. 'Ah,' he said,' this is the young My who had charge of the case. Hurse Xugent, this gentleman is a relative of your patient, Barrymore, ward seven. He tells me he has been searching London for trace of him, and. only to lay discovered that he had been brought to this hospital.' Hell turned to the stranger. He lifted his soft felt hat. ' Bichard Barrvmore is my nephew,' he said. ' I have just returned from Colorado. His mother was my sister. 1 have lost sight of them for ten years. [ came home a month ago, and all this time I've been tracing this nephew of mine. A nice hunt I've had, and in mighty, queer places. He's been very ill,-1 hear.' ' Very ill,' said Hell, gravely. ' But he is better. He, is to leave us to morrow. ' Could I see him ? I know it's not visiting day, and all that, hut per haps you'd make an exception in my favour?' The stranger spoke with a slight American accent. His. manners were somewhat brusque, hut Hell liked his face, and" his eyes were kind, she thought. ' Oh, of course, of course, under the circumstances,' said the doctor; ' and as the patient has really recovered, we may sa\\\ Step- into my room, and I will send for your nephew. Kurse, perhaps you'll tell him as you are going up the ward.' ' Shall I mention your name ?' asked Hell, turning towards the stranger. ■ 'Yes, there's no objection. He has probably forgotten me. I've not seen him since he was quite a lad. Here's iny card,' he added, handing her one, , and taking in with keen eyes the grace of the little figure—the beauty of tbe small delicately .coloured face. ' What a child to he a nurse. Looks like a bit of Dresden china,' he said somewhat gruffly, as the two nurses went up the broad staircase. ' She'looks young; but she is older tiian her looks; a clever little thing, too,' said the doctor approvingly. ' She's one of the new-fangled lady nurses, I suppose,' said Geoffrey llasterman. ' I hear there's quite a crank about it. Girls all crazy to be one because the' dress is picturesque, and they look like Madonnas. Stuff and nonsense ! . What are their mothers about, I wonder.' 'The mothers of the present day,' said the doctor, 'have little influence with their children. They are all too enlightened to heed warnings or believe in an older Experience.' 'I wonder what this precious nephew of mine has made of his life,' observed Geoffrey Mastorman. ' He was always a bit' cocksure as a boy, 1 remomberi His mother, poor soul, spoilt hiin a tit. She thought there had never been a hoy so gifted and intelligent, and so morally perfect. It is those wonderful boT3 who always go to the wall.' He put his hands in his pockets and strolled up and down the.room, waiting for the appearance of the ' wonderful boy,' who had achieved manhood in these years of absence and fortune seek ing. When the door opened, and Dick entered, he stopped and stared as if he had seen a ghost. ' Good heavens, boy: How you've changed,' he exclaimed. ' And how like you are to your poor mother.' He took the thin, emaciated hands in his own, and wrung them with a force j of affection that made his nephew | wince. His eyes took in the sharp I outlines of the features, the worn, thin j frame on which the shabby clothes hung iloosely. A. queer, choking sensation rose in his throat. He thought of the dead "mother, who had so loved and believed in her son. Perhaps death had been kinder in closing those adoring eyes to a change so heart-breaking. 'I'm very glad to see you, Uncle Geoffrey,' said Dick, presently. 'I know I look an awful scarecrow. Please don't look so distressed; I've bees very ill, you know.' 'So I hear,' said Geoffrey Masterman, clearing his throat, and beginning his restless walk once more. The doctor went ont of the room and left the two men together. 