Trade of the Colonies. MR. COGHLAN'S STATISTICS. SATISFACTORY POSITION OF QUEENSLAND. (By Telegraph from Our Correspondent.) SYDNEY, May 11. Mr. Coghlan, the Government Statistician, has issued his figures respecting the trade of Australia for the year 1896. The total of the imports was £62,648,745, and of the exports £66,581,813. New South Wales had 33.72 per cent of the whole trade, Victoria 22.25 per cent, Now Zealand, 12.73 per cent, South Australia 11.62 per cent, Queensland 11.30 per cent, Western Aus tralia C.30 per cent, and Tasmania 2.8 per cent. Of ail the colonies, Queensland showed the smallest rate of increase in the value of her total trade—namely, 1.85 per cent. Queensland was also the only colony that did not add to her imports at a high rate, the figuro for that colony being 1.58 per cent. Mr. Ooghian calls attention to the rate at v/hlch money has flowed into Western Australia, aiid states that" it cannot be said that tuat colony has Justified the claims advanced in nor favour. Taking the values of exports into con sideration, he Btates that tho position occu pied by Queensland, with the large export trade of £19 13s. per head of population, is the most satisfactory of all, as it is almost wholly represented by shipments of domestlo produce. . It will be remembered that about twelv9 months ago (says, the " Btrcoo Independ ent" of the sth instant) a portion <of th» skeleton of a human being was found on the Blackall-Barcaldlne road, about six . miles from Blackall, buried in the centre of the road, only a few lnchek from the " surface. The bones w«re removed and burled at the foot of a tree near the place, and the matter had almost been forgotten. But Interest In the affair bas considerably revived, of late, and at the present timo there are many Blackall residents wbo>. would not pass the place alone at night for either love or money. The super- •. natural has been in evidence recently, and now tho Barcaldine-road claims the dignity . of a full-fledged ghost. The first recorded appearance of the spectre was about a ' month ago. On that occasion, a bright moonlight night, Messrs. Banks's coach < from Barcaldlne was passing the spot where : the bones were found, at about 9 o'clock. •: when one of tho passengers—a representa- - tlve of one of the. leading Sydney wool- • broker?—saw what he declared was a mau ; standing by the slile of the road a short distance in front of the coach. He dr^w . the attention of the driver and the other paßteugere to the man, who be thought was : waiting for the cotch, but when the others looked the figure had disappeared, although there was not the slightest shelter or hid ing place near. From there to Blackall . record time was made on that occasion. Tho wave of excitement was dying away, . until on Sunday last it was revived in all itsMntenslty. Just after dark on the even ing of that night a local cyclist was pass ing the place, when he Faw the shadowy form of a man, with arms uplifted above his head. The ifhantoiu flguro slowly dis- , appeared into some small scrub near, but the cyclist's attention being taken from his. bicycle the machine struck a stump, and ; the rider came a cropper. Here again the' remaining portion of the Journey to town , was done in time which would have made Martin or Le3na turn green with envy. However, of one thing there can bo no. doubt, the two gentlemen here referred to are honest in their-belief—the one that he' naw something supernatural, and the other: that be either also caw a spectre or ol«e, some one was trying to frighten him. ' The scheme of arrangement of the Queens-, land National Bank, Limited, was finally, sanctioned by the Supreme Court on Wednesday, so that, the scheme has now passed through all its stages In the colonies, and . steps are now being taken to convene the necessary meeting to appoint directors to represent tho stockholders. A^i^ements are also being made to at once ptti'jo'n the English court, so as to put through the necessary proceed ings, and get the Bt*nutton of the scheme In England. The company law there will necessi tate the closure of the London office for a period of about three weeks, but all arrange ments, we understand, have been made for the conduct of the business of the branch whilst the office Is closed, so that no In convenience whatever will be experienced by its customers. We may also add that the proceedings In London will be of a purely formal nature. 