A GHOST STORY. FROM Halton Holo- gate, a village near Splisby, Lincolnshire, comes a most myste- rious story, which one can easily imagine is causing the utmost sensation among the simple country folk in the neighborhood. For some time rumors of human bones having been discovered under a brick floor of a farm near the village, of strange, unearthly tapping, and the like having been heard, and of a ghost having been seen, have been afloat, and_it was with the intention (if possible) of sifting the mystery to the bottom that a Lin- coln reporter has just visited the scene. The farmstead stands back some distance from the high road, and is occupied by a Mr. and Mrs. Wilson and their man- servant On being interviewed by the reporter, Mrs. Wilson narrated the following story:— "We came here on Lady Day last. The first night or so we heard very strange noises about midnight, as though some one was knocking at the doors and walls. Once it seemed as though some one was moving all the things about in a hurry downstairs. Ano- ther time the noise was like a heavy picture falling from the wall, but in the morning I found everything as right as it was the night before. The servant man left, saying that he dare not stop, and we had to get another, Then about six weeks ago I saw 'something.' "Before getting into bed, my husband hav- ing retired before me, I thought I would go downstairs and see if the cow was all right, as it was about to calve. I did so, and when at the foot of the stairs, just as I was about to go up again, I saw an old man standing at the top and looking at me. He was stand- ing as though he was very round-shouldered. How I got past I can't say, but I darted past him into the bedroom and slammed the door. "Here I went to get some water from the dressing-table, but, feeling that some one was behind me, I turned round sharply, and there again stood the same old man. He quickly vanished, but I am quite certain I bad seen him. I have also seen him several times since, though not quite so distinctly." Mrs. Wilson next conducted her interviewer to the sitting-room, where it appeared a gruesome discovery had been made. The floor in one corner, it seems, had been very uneven, and a day or two ago Mrs. Wil- son took up the bricks, with the intention of relaying them. No sooner had she done this, however, than a most disagreeable odor was emitted. Her suspicions being aroused, she called her husband, and the two commenced a minute examination. Three or four bones were soon turned over, together with a gold ring and several pieces of old black silk. All these had evidently been buried in quicklime, the bones and silk being obviously burnt therewith. The search after this was not further prosecuted, but a quan- tity of sand introduced, and the floor quickly levelled again. Asked what her opinion was on the myste- ries, Mrs. Wilson confidently asserted her be- lief that at some time or other foul play had taken place. She was fully persuaded in her own mind with regard to the apparition, for though it was suggested that she might have been mistaken, she disdained the idea as being beneath notice. Dr. Gay, to whom the bones were submitted, stated that they might be those of a dog or pig. Writing later, the correspondent says Mr. Gay, on further examination states the bones are undoubtedly human, but he believes them to be nearly a hundred years old.— London "Evening News." 