"A WOMAN'S I ; WITCHERY," CHAPTER XXX. Edith's faith. Br BERTHA M. CLAY, inftorot >' Thrown on the World," etc. ffhen the counteBS was gone, Lady Winifred retired to the privacy of her "Jo room, to think, to grieve, to weep iL lone had her feelings been pent up. 50 -, e feared that her heart would I iret in her misery, in her bitter humi- J,jjon and utter helplessuess. for an hour or more she made no (fort to reistrain herself. She had been .tmefuUy treated by lover, by_father, erybody ; and now she would be an t of pity among her friends^—an object of contempt to her enemies 1 Her first duty was to see the earl, and t.11 him quietly of her trouble. He would J® t0 hear it soon, and she could tpproaeh him as no one could. , ft w nearly noon wnen. she went , wtiairs again. The foctman brought :° her the cards of several callers—people ho rarely came to Somerton Orange, * 1 never at such unseasonable hours. I gm not at home to anyone," she i the servant. "You will attend to ^en^her lips curled, as he turned nr ind she thought, angrily.: »So the scandal-mongers and sympa ^aera are coming with their hypocritical K g i e° 1 '^'flashed; she had her part to J,v but, until she had seen Edith Suthifoid, she would allow no one to discuss & matter with her. From the result of M interview would she take her cue. feobedieuce to the first luncheon bell, rbrd appeared, looking pale and wor- 1 and his daughter advanced to greet In, her face anxious and grave, saying, ^•Good morning, papa. I hope that: ran are better." ' "I should not be ill if I had a sensible cHd," he replied, tartly. " For years tore been weishted by a burden which has crashed out of me my manhood— which has embittered my life ; and now, when 1 am about to grasp the sweets of freedom, my daughter bars the way.'- _ " If 1 understood what you meant by. freedom, papa, do you think thai I would add to your sorrow? No, 1 would"lay down mv life for you," she said vehemently. . ,„ Tush, tush 1 I have no desire forV daughter of mine to assume the rote of latter-day martyr on my account. There is no need for it. You have a lover, who worships you, and yoa have trifled with; ihe man from the* very first. Now you sre jealous of a myth, and talk of break- ; off your engagement for the second; time, unless Thomleigh accounts for (fery hour of his existeuce in categorical oid-r." " Do not get angry, papa, J '«aid Wini- t . feed, gently. " I only blame you for not telling me your circumstances—tor not idling me that you—" ' Nonsense ! I will not listenio joo. 1 rill only repeat what I said yi If I am disappointed again byyour-pec;: vereity, 1 am as sure as I stand here, that I shall fall dead at your feet" He dropped into a seat, adding, feebly:- "Where is my paper f My man could notfiudit." "Papa," whispered Winifred, .gently taking one of his hands, " we will never quarrel again—never! . If you are'in dined to be angry with me^-.X shall go stay until you have foijjiiUaiall abo|Ut i L " " • • '. „ " My only anxiety is for you, darling," ra Ins reply. " My one desire is to see you settled before 1 die."' He seemed so pleased that she -did not dare to tell him what was on her tongue, and after luncheon he forgot all about the loss of his newspaper. He asked some questions concerning Vivian—had Winifred heard from him, and, when she replied in the negative, he laughingly said that her lover had evidently a surprise in store for her. There were many caller* in the afternoon, but neither the earl nor Lady Winifred were at home to anybody. She to d my lord that she was but obeying his doctor's orders; he was not to be bothered by gossips, and the earl was rather flattered that his daughter insisted upon taking so much care of him.. So the day. passed, and in the'evening, after.my lord had gone to bed. Lady Winifred sought the counsels of Mrs Haredale, who. had just returned from a day's shopping in London. Of course she had heard the .news—she had seen it in the papers, and she-was much concerned for my lady—so.much.so that her holiday had been a source of no pleasure to her, but rather a time of annetyand discomfort. She greatly approved of all that the countess had advised, and Bhe would take are that the earl was not apprised too suddenly of the awful event' by any chance word, until her ladyship.had seen Miss Sutherland, and had decided upon her future course of action. The next morning, soon after breakfast, Lady Winifred Charrington nerved herself for her visit to the rectory. She had ordered the carriage for ten o'clock, and at a quarter past that hour •he was deposited at the rectory gates.' She had never been upon very friendly terms with Edith Sutherland—there were no sympathies in common between the two girls, for, while Edie was devotedly attached to the quiet comforts of home, ladv Winifred lilosd many friends and continual gaieties. They had met at church bakaars, pictics, and garden parties, hut beyond the ordinary civilities indulged in .by neighbors who have a kindly regard one for the other, this was the nearest approach 1 to friendship. Wy Winifred thought of this while •he was waiting in the rustic porch, sifter nocking at the door, and wondered if it *ss some mystical premonition of future antagonism. The door was opened by a ruddycheeked servant girl, or Lady Winifred *said not have been permitted to see Edith under any circumstances: Of all P^ple in the world, she' was -the one *hom Mary would, have debarred from crossing the rectory threshold. But for case Mary was not on guard, and Mr Sutherland was out with the curate. "1 wish to see'Miss Edith Suthetr knd," announced the earl's daughter. 'Is she within?' The servant girl was one of the stupid, class who are easily caught at a disadvantage. In the presence of my lady r from 'he Grange, who had condescended to fop from her carriage, and knock at the: door with her own aristocratic hands, -the: girl quite forgot the commands of Mary, and blurted out: "Yes," adding, in some confiuion: 'That is, she's, at.home, my lady, but not to visitors—beggin* your pardon.*'' lady Winifred's brows contracted for a moment; then she asked: ;; h Miss Sutherland ill ?" " I think she be," was the awkward ^Mid inelegant response. . 1 - -J^gft-hrief agam .the earl's daughter a?looV of'ti*tarmins6on: S flashy, across her facaf This suspense oould not be longer borne; it was impossible. How-xtarift Miss'&athferland; affect 11" illness? • "Kindly announce me," she said, authoritatively. The servant girl was completely awed, and held . wide the door for my "lady to pass through. She then conducted Lady Winifred ito the quaint little diawingroom and retired. "ThejBarl'a daughterghuiced about her, and almost the.firstthing toplaim her attention' was a recent photograph of Vivian Thomleigh, standing on a side table ill a small, ivory frame.' Beside .it was a volume of-poetry, and in the fly leaf was his -name—a'present from him to Edith- .. " I have loved him," she • thought, fiercely. "I have loved him as I oan never love mortal-man againbut C think that I should hate him now if he lived. I cannot understand * him—I never shall understand him." There was a.light .footfall in-the passage without, the door opened softly, and Edith, attired in deep mourning, stood before tier startled visitor. It was not the Edith the reader first met, but a pale, wraith-like creature, from whose eyes the sunshine had vanished—from whose life all things material seemed to be Slipping away. lady Winifred's rising anger at once gave_ way to pity, - forshe was a creature ol violent impulses for good or evil. Oh, Miss Sutherland," she exclaimed. "YouareiUl" I am hot well," Edith acknowledged, with a faint smile, as she dropped' languidly into a settee "I think that I have made a'mistake in calling upon you BO sOon." "" "Oh, no. Lady Winifred; I am as well now as I ever expect to he, and I have seen no one yet. For some reason papa is determined that I shall be kept from the outer world. Lady Winifred shivered. " I know that yos have-come to talk to me of our terrible trouble," Edith coo 1 tinned, her blue eyes filling with tears. ' 'And papa is wrongiwhen he thinks that I ehouldnotBpeakaboatit Whenlamalone I can thinktif- nothing else, and' live over again that awful night, unti l am obliged 4o run into the garden," or I should'go into hysterics with fear.'" Lady Winifred's lipa tightened. It was not a pleasant .thing to hear another woman talk in tins "way of her lover. "The experience must "have been terrible one," she said. 4 4 And Mr Jhornleigh was very dear to yon." "We were to be married soon,? Edith said, simply. cannot believe that," replied Lady Winifred, suddenly losingherself- contioL ""I'have heard something of it before, but you nlust'. be'^mistaken. He loved you in : a brotherly way—he never spoke to you jot any: other love 1" She; felt that it was hard now to lose all herfaithin Vivian Thornleigh,tmd she waited eagerlyfor Edith to speak. Never spoke to me of a.uy love save that of a brother¥'-she exclaimed, in surprise; '- •'Ah, Lady Winifred, you have been misinformed.-. Vjvian -~and haveloved for years as few people know ^ 4ove. We were all in all to each othfer - ; and now I have but one wish, one great desire, and that is to meet him again in abrighter worid." ! As she spoke she took up the photograph of Thomleigh and pressed it fondly to her lips.: ' ' "Hiisiwas toojtaijch for LadyWinifred —rthe outrage upon her. feelings could, no longer he borne. With a swift jnove-.- m'entshe snatched the pKotograpli from Edith'shand, and* cast it f saiae,''saying, passionately "Silly girl ' ah.ever.as greataioolas II Do you know that VirianThornleigh was iny foyer that this islus ring I wear ? that >a were to be married withinf a^ort month 3 ' Do you know that /liave bred -him - loved him untiLI found that he was as faithless as man could be ?" '•Lady Winifred," Edith replied, «almly, *' I do not. believe what yon tell me. You have .mistaken some .kind intentions of my lover. He could never be dishonorable or untrue. I cannot speak of him with you any more —it is an insult to his sainted memory." Are you so simple, so blind " began her ladyship, ina passion of anger, but Edith interrupted her 5 " If you talked forever, I should not believe youT : My'faith ia immovable : unassailable.' 1 am-sorry that you came here to dare to speak disparagingly of my dead love. I>will not listen to you— I will not listen to another word. I ask you to go, and-1 shall never forgive you for tonching even this memento of him with your sacrilegious fingers. Now go I" She pointed to the door, and my lady laugned disdainfully ; then she held out her hand, saying— " We will part as friends, Miss Sutherland. I admire you, while I pity you for your simple faith. I admire you as much as I despise " *~She paused, irresolute. " I will not touch your hand—the hand that has dared to profane even.a picture of'him—I wish not for tho friendship of one Srho could utter words to revile his blessed memory." Edith spoke with a quiet dignity that there was no gainsaying, (End the haughty Lady Winifred passed oat of the rectory, a bitter laugh upon her lips, a bitter pain at her heart. She could not understand such love and faith as this, and from -that moment she felt that Vivian Thomleigh had never .belonged to her at all. After an interview with the Countess of Belmore, she caused a denial of any engagement between herself and Thomleigh to be sent to the local and London press. Ko such engagement'had ever existed save in the minds of scandal mongers : Lady Winifred Oharrington -and Vivian Thomleigh had been acquaintances and nothing more. . . _ The "same post carried ihe -following letter "to Lord Brougham, who was staying-at his town house, now that the •funeral of his nnole was over— " My Oeix Lobs :—If you are still in the' same mind,-1 ami willing to /become yo&r;'wifei Sbu have probablysiieardof poor Sir Thornleigh-s" nntimely=end, and 'the notoriety pf.^jiotiier^^loviiafeirs. If ybu- take^e; f i shflH i -come to you dowerless, and have no rfectipn to, cfier; I can M y W g r ^ u l to you for rescuing me from a position of ignominy. - - ' • wsgHhftilly yours, ' ^" Witnro® 0 CHABBntcawNifc After tins letter was gone ihe almost regretted writing it. "She had to^mfess to hen-elf that ahe had noK«pert forfjord Brougham. His mad passion irigntenett hen But the die was cast, and she must abide by it. CHAPTER XXXI. " VotT ABE THE ONLY MAN 1 CAN liord Brourfiam and. his friend St Aubyn were g&d; to leave Farnham aM, the aa(^tral|wptof|l»^^u^ULmB, aftej the funeral'dlsthe ;cla lortt. ; Aftdr ihekeading of the WiU, the new mwtOT of ihe ^Brougtam title and all that ea^ietoruAe in«ie anatter of refomirhing the country-seat. money in the cofiers that held the gold of Ahe late lord. »M>Pg: ^ f ^ f because of some disai^omtmenE .in pa youth, had lived the life of a tebluse, while his riches were multiplying on every hand. ." " From FamhamHall, which was situated in the heart of the beautiful county of Surrey, the young men went to London. . Brougham was determined to rent a town house forthwith, and the first daywas spent in hunting for a suitable -place in the West End. - •- Not only was my lord successful, but het6ok possession of afurnlahed mansion in Kensington Gardens ihe following morning, and wired to Farnham for half a .dozen servants fa set the .place in.order. Within two hours they arrived.under, the winftbf the houaekeepOT,'andhesoon:had the pleasure of occtipying ihB library for a'^niet conveEsatioh with St. Aubyn. " At last," he said, ** £ can --survey my surroundings with an air of proprietorship, and I can assure you,-St. Aubyn, that: the sensation : is. most delightful. Until to-day 1.have merdy been a -guest in somebody's else's house, and'-have expended ingenuity in my short career in fishing for invitations to ^nake the fortune of ah inventor. I think that you can appreciate that." He laughed in a disagreeable. manner, and St. Aubyn BCOwled savagely. " I am in the same "pbsition ' etill, and do hot nfe6d : any "leminderB," he saidj sulkily. . "But wait with patience, dear boy. The old girl wiH tiotiive firever.'• " Curse itl" growled St. Aubyn. *' By all appearances she "irfll outlive me, and iis as changeable as a weathercock:. Aftfer all, I may find myself nowhere in her wilL And in the meantime hoiraml 'to live on a beggarly "two' hundred a year J It is barely sufficient to buy gloves and cigars with! .Like you, I ^end mylife iging npon^ny body who wfll'have the kindness to take me in." And getting into trouble," laughed Brougham. Yea, and getting into trouble. My only hope is a good marriage." 1 1 Why don't yon skip across ihe Atlantic and-pick np a "pretty American girl with" an ocean of ducats. They are all i pretty and rich over there, I've heard, and are ready to hurl themselves at anything in the shape of a mail who is a live lord?' I would if I could raise sufficient to pay for a decent berth. Why didn't you go f" sneered St. Aubyn. "Tou see, I was not a live lord—only a presumptive, and the Yankee girls won't take chances," laughed Brougham. ".This sort of thing may be very .edifying to' you," St. Aubyn said, "but hanged if it is to me. Poor as I am, I Would not take the richest American girl' who would he willing to have me. You blow why. o "Yes." Bcnjjgham lighted a cigar, and watched, hiaSfiebd foralnihute. Yes, iiknow why. . You. are bent upon the conquest of Miss Edith Sutherland; whether she will or no: Look here, St. AuliyO f 'Take a fool's advice, and give^tte game!" You hayen't a ghost of a chance. I tell 'y^'ithat. she will marry Thomleigh in fafifi of everything. Of course if you - coulS ^cin ier, and this opposition only inc^nws' iny. determination. I never yet inule a-resolve that 1 have not carried out,'.' Except pop off the countess," laughed his. companion,. maliciously. At that moment a servant announced a visitor, and Mis Haredale almost followed upon the woman's heels. St. Aubyn extended his hand, while Brougham said,'carelessly : " So you-have found us out, eh ? I did not expect you so soon, Violet. Any news 1 ?" "I'went to the Langham from whence you telegraphed, and tiiey gave me your new address, my lord." "Yes. Speak out Violiet; Lord St. Aubyn and I have no secrets." Have you been too busy to read the papers f she demanded. "Why! We haven't looked at one for aweek." His cheek paled, and he was all life in an instant. Oh, it is nothing that you need be afraid of," laughed my lady's companion, " but exactly the reverse. Vivian Thomleigh is dead. Bead this." She spread a newspaper before them, and watched the varying expressions 1 of their faces, a mocking-light in her cruel eyes. • '' You have only to speak for my lady s hand now, Lord Brougham," she said. And it will not be Jong-trafore youiear the merry jingle of wwSffing beUs 1" He was too exciteffHo-^)ly -for a few moments'-; then heinrned to St Aubyn, remarking: . Your wqy is clearer nowalso. Well," "said Mrs HacecUhv " lmust go. lehouldnothayetronbled you but for this! If-I haveanyiidng^o communicate I will send it here iy post.". Lord Brougham watched her from _the window as she wa3ke4 away, a curious smile on his lips. Tften'he tamedJto St. Aubyn, saying : " It never rains hut it pours I . Was ever such luck before? My dear bojy we can siinply . carry iiu before us when the work in hand is finished. I do not see a eingle bar to bur success. 1 ' Do you include meiti the 'we' 1" I include Lord St Aubyn in everything at present I have.beenguilty. like most young men, ofpalUy-"littie :wia£edhesses, which it would tw unwise to mentun in a'lsdy's drawing^oom. Tonhave likewise been indiscreet, only your, indisixetion would land you for a term ol {seven years if found out. Mr John Desborough is acquainted with my follies, and ihreatens to proclaim ihe same to the World in. general, - and Lady Winifred Charrington in particolar, unless I with-' diairmy claim to that, lady's hand and: heart, because he has become smitten with her -l""-"" himself-. "Very clerical behavior, eh 1 -' -And I know the.ienor- •nities -of,which you are guilty—buying jewellery on credit to the amount of five figures in ihe aggregate, and |»wnihg it the same day for a trifle of the 'ready.' Very oeripmi •offencfij -terrible depravity, ^'Stop it 1" fumed St. Aubyn, glaring at his companion, wickedly. Brougham langhedand continued. "Nbw if my.tlericsLl friend knows as jnuch of meas I suspeti, itwillbenecessaiy for *that eentleman to. receive his quietus- This question I dull not deter-" mine until I have mtemewed the -enemy to-night In the -event of the- nuisance having to he put away, my very good friend St Aubyn will have to assist sne lrith£is ^personal-Influence, for.the^rork: will require to be artistically treated. In return I shall give the said Lord ^t. Anbya.BnS&cient; cash to savec^hia/aEUtor „ ^oaknm ! pu3Bngi n «<This ground ii|»>ali^y ibeen gonB over and 1 object to a nBolesB-ropetition, St Aubyn said, sulkily. -We are all Very good until we are found out 1 was forced to raise moMy, and when 1 obtained'the jeWeUUry ttntended paying f ° Thateortof story willT«>t.do fga yea with such intentions as yonra counsel for the prosecution addresses the jury in this way.: 'Gentlemen, the prisoner at the bar is an unworthy scion of the old. British aristocracy, a man who has had all the advantages of a careful education and Christian training, and.-he employs , those blessings, vouchsafed to so few, to the deception and ruin of men who have to live by the sweat of their brows —he employs them with a bold effrontery, backed by his ancient name and- aided by an ^unscrupulous cunning which proves the depravity—" " Will you cease 1" cried St Aubyn, a red spot mounting to each cheek. '' All this may .bB ftin to you, but I tell you T will bot stand it. I confided in you as a friend—I believed you to be my friend-—-" " And so I am," laughed Brougham. " I am only placing before you the enormity of your offence as the British public would regard it I know that in your virtuouB soul," he sneered a little—" 1 know, that in your virtuous soul you never meant anything very naughty, but as to confiding in me, why, my dear fellow, I saved you from being served with indictable summons number one by presenting the warrant officer. with a fiver. Ihen he told me all that I wanted to know. My only astonisment is that the law bothered with a summons,. In the case of a poor man of lowly birth—well, he would have been arrested forthwith.. The bit of blue paper charged you with obtaining a tiara of diamonds from a Bond-street jeweller,, value two thousand pounds. You gave the names of various noblemen as your friends, not one of whom would touch you with a long pole, you promised payment in-due course, and pawned the diamonds the same day for three hundred pounds. Now, if this ever came into court, many similar charges would appear against yon—so I promise to square the obstreperous creditor—a course which he anticipates. I have an object in telling you this, St Aubyn ; I do not wish .to flaunt your follies in your face, but to awaken you to the danger in which you are placed." " You mean that I am entirely in your power t" his companion said, sullenly. " Well, you can put it in that way if you choose." . Twill not endurethis," wasthe fierce retort, and St Aubyn sprang excitedly to his" feet "Yiou have driven "me a little too far. Bather than be your tool—the tool of the friend I have trusted -1 will appeal to' the countess. She dare not see the name disgraced." — " Very well," replied Lord Brougham,, coolly. " In that event I shall be littie the worse off by the loss of your society, and financially very much in pocket But don't forget that your little peccadilloes will reach the ears of everybody at Coombehurst, particularly those of pretty Edith. Where will your chances be then ?" St Aubyn dropped back in his seat and moodily chewed the ends of his moustache. " You are right," he said, at length. I. should ran many risks by that course, and loose all hope of that upon which my heart is set" A trinmphat light blazed in the eyes of Brougham. "" I knew that you would see as 1 do in the end. In my opinion this business will unite as in a sort of partnership for life'. It will be mutual in every senBe; There is no question of one holding a living , threat over the other For the moment I have the upper hand, but as soon las T confide my plans to you, you can promptly turn the tables upon me. You have exaggerated my position, my sentiments towards you. I have merely told you ugly fhcts and you fly into a rage. I have made these facts look as' hideous as possible lest you regard my proposals with disfavor. I want certain work done, and you are the only man I can trust. 1 am willing not only to pay for this—to make a free man of you—-but at the same time I place myself in your power. I want a life-long bond of friendship to exist between us, and I ask you to take my hand and to trust me implicitly." " I believe that I misunderstood you," St. Aubyn confessed, taking the prof-" fered hand. " I am very sensitive, you know—ra fellow in my position cannot help being so" Brougham lighted a fresh cigar and handed one to his companion. Then he smoked in silence for a few 'minutes. "We will come to business now," he said at -length, " and action mUBt be sharp and decisive. I am in the hands'- of this Desboropgh, if he knows of cer- , tain incidents in my life abroad. I shall' learn to-night .how much he does know. If dangerous, he must be put out of the way until I am safely, married to Lady Winifred, because he threatens to make things particularly warm for me. I am not guilty of anything very bad—something like yourself, you know—but if exposed, I might have to run the gauntlet, lose Lady Winifred and all the splendid prospects before me. I tell you," St Aubyn, rather than suffer this 1 would crush the man—just when every other obstacle is swept from our path." He ground his teeth with suppressed fury. '" If the worst comes to the worst, you must hire a few of the Night Larks to meet-faim and thrash'him—-just as-much as they please. I only know the gangby reputation- You have been a patron, and are still. That is all I ask of you." St Aubyn breathed a Bigh of relief. - " I am "quite ready," he said, "andam glad that the commission is no worse." Brougham laughed. . " You expeoted murder ?" "idid." They looked into each other's eyes,' and understood",for. both smiled .significantly. "Youwill-do nothing until I return' andreport to" you the strength of this'very Reverend Mr Desborough.' St" Aubyn nodded, and an hour-later. Brougham drove away in a cab to keiep, his appointment with John Desborough." (To be Continued) . 