OHAPTEU IV. " HAD SHE I1EE.N SLMN HY I10UI1EKS OB DEVOUttliD BY WOLVES 7" 1 " Tho Buho of Courland sat nl.onb in ono of tile rooms of Iiis pallico for hours, stunned ns though'by n crushing blow. His bram wns so benumbed that he could not oven think, far less plof and plan, bow to. extricate himself from the pitfall which hud been so clevorly dug for him. Every minute bo expected to henr the bent of drums and thu tramp of soldiers ns they surrounded his abode, heralding tim entrance of the Grand Inquisitor with his myrmidons, who would, perhaps, bring their instruments of torture with them, in order to fore« him to a cbnfesnioh of that whereof he hod been accused by The Tongue. But ho suddenly recollected a Hussion proverb to tho effect that " the unworthy favourites ot' Czars (or Czarinas) disappear or die, milking no sign." This-made him think that his fat» would moro probably be Siberia or a dungeon in Romo fortress. Tho ardent affection of a royal tigross may bu flattering to tho recipient, but that it is nut alway« comforting Biren waa now in an excellent position to realise. in the course of three or four hours', 1 nothing happening tho while, ho recovered ' himself somewhat. Ha »ont Koulkouski, in ' whom he bad the most implicit confidence (and who laid aside tho clothes, the paint, nnd tho manners of a clown for the occa- sion) to moko secret enquiries in an attempt to discover thu personality of Tho Tongue. ' Koulltouski waa gnnê t'or'.u considerable , time, but when be returned it waa without the miich-desirod information. He had discovered two individuals who had seen .The Tongue get into the sack, and they liad both »»erred, that he wa* au enormous negro. He had also found out that tho seeming Secret Police, who, as usual, had formed The Tongue's conductor and tail, were not veritable members of that terrible force, but mere make-believes. Biren now knew for certain what he had all along suspected-to wit, that his political and other foes, and not tho public authori- ties, had contrived the whole affair in order to bring about.his downfall, and if possible his destruction also. Would they succeed ? That was, after all the main question. . ? The blow, had not fallen so suddenly as he had expected ' it would do. It now occurred to him that before it fell, if fall it must, it was his bounden duty to do all that he could to provide for the safety of Gret- chen. She, even in his semi-independent Duchy of Courland, a thousand miles ¿way, might nevertheless be within reach of the long arm and the iron hand of a Kussiau Empress. He bad, at first, more than half a mind to endeavour to rejoin her. But a moment's reflection convinced him that with so many powerful and relentless foes keenly watching him, as they doubtless were,'he would iiot have even the ghost, of a chance of getting out of , St. Petersburg without ..beiug arrested. His - abortive attempt at: fight would, more than aught else, bo' accepted as proof-of^his¡ guilt. He therefore summoned one whom he believed "to;! be a most faithful dependent, disguised him, instructed him in . the part thàt he had to, play, and then filled his purse and,-8tarted him off for Courland, carrying a letter for Gretchen. inserted between the two leathers that formed the sole of one of his boots. '" The missive was a most affectionate one, and entreated Gretchen to leave Courland for Poland proper within an hour of its' receipt, ; ' .? ,-. ? ?.? It declared to her that she was ia serious peril, though he was in none whatever himself, , ' .' ;, . , Biren . knew that this last assurance would comfort ' Gretchen,' and also, make her more.'. anxious to secure her own safety, in-anticipation of' their being soon reunited; . which, /later,,on, he pictured in impassioned : language to : be a matter of certainty, .' - . ' .-. .'-. /-..--.. The letter" was a' long one, but there is no occasion for us to transcribe any more of it. '. f / ? ; When -, hisi' messenger * had^ departed , the Duke- feltj, a. weight lifted off his heart. Presently^ growing, more at. his .ease, inas- much as'he found himself still free and unmolested,' he resolved ¡that' be would put a bold face upon. matters, and pay his usiiul afternoon .'visit to. the Winter -Palace and tus Imperial mistress, juBt ns if? nothing whatever had occurred, r^ . : ;; ,. '?.? 