couroNS. D?o«soming houghs in February, •• ami earth seemed crammed with heaven.” So thought SUrs. Dillworthy as she surveyed her orchards, that melted awny into the. emerald dyes of tho vdhetrt fields on the right and the budding vino yards on the sun-kissed slopes on her left. Within range of her vision were pastuns green, where her stock grazed in security and fattened ra peacr. An Englhli woman, this same Mrs. Dilhvoilhy, and, as the expressed it, “born bred, and brought up iu London.” Lelt a : widow with one daughter, a brotiier who had sol tied in California some two years before had persuaded -her to follow him, nnd 'invest her money in a well-cultivated ranch and orchard. ’1 he picture, before her was the result, nnd so well ratisSed was she thit she sighed with docip content—a sigh from a heart overflowing with happiness and freedom from fretting eares. “I *ave all I want to look at. and if :igh winds don’t play ’uvoc with the blossoms l’ll’avo fruit properly plentiful,” she thought. She walked leisurely down the gravelled . walk, her plump hands on her hips, and her rosy face wearing a satisfied smile. Reaching the gate she called out— “’An-ict! ‘An iet, wlnteveris keeping you?” . ° Coming, mamma,” raid a pleasant voice, and into view caino a fair-haired, biuc-eycd English girl with a wild rose eoiujploxiou, and a pretty, .‘light figure. At lur side walked n young man, ruddy i*nd dark, with frank, brown eyes and a pleasant fsce. Mrs. Dillworthy stared hard as she said to horcelf, •• "What *ave wc ’ere for ’eaven’s sake ? ’ • Harriet spoke ar. site neared her mother. “ Mamma, this young man, Mr. Danforlb, is looking for work ; us you w«w»t the- wood chopped lie wishes to secure the job.” Mrs. Dillworlhy’s face instantly took ona< business expression. Turning to Danforth she “ What wr.gcs would you expect?” *• Two fifty and board, madam,” be replied, os be bared bis head, and ran his fingers through the thick brown locks that covered it. ! Accost-cmul to English labour prices, Mrs. j DiUwnrthy was about to protest, but a glance I from Jlrirrict and the low remark. ‘‘Thri is the ! "West, you know, mamma/’ caused her to say— ! «• 1 will ’ire you, young man. I want the | woorii chopped well, and pat out of the way in the wood house,” pointing, as sihe spoke, to a lot ox Boas piled iu disorder in the big yard. •» Very well, madam,” said the young man. He threw oil his coat and hat, and began his • work, and Harriet aud her mother passed 1 indouTa. ! Although the fruit crop premised well, the ! dull times had made v.ciual dolLis and cents j scarce with Mrs. LSliworthy ; so mother aud 1 daughter were ocoec-tnic*!, and on tho look-out j for bargains ; 1394 might be called coupon ! year, or, as Mrs. Dillworthy called it, “ kew pon.” Every paper she subscribed to contained two or more coupons, which, when, saved, and ten or bwenty-fitre cents added, brought music, plants., or pictures to the sender. As they were totally unaccus tomed to American methods of advertising, tbs Dillworthys believcvi implicitly in the grnuirencss of Ihc bnrgiMis" secured them chasing; these four-aided slips from column to column, and clipping with as Touch unction as if a rou* jon saved were a dollar earned. And if Jane, tl jo maid of all work, ever used a news paper lo fcindle fires or polish windows she was almost u r.dcr bonds to sec if the coupons were cut or n nr. I Ian ict, girl like, wanted a now summer hat; b rt her mother told her it wrs almost im post-ib' c for her to spare the money to buy it. Tug ’aired man must he paid for spring work, and tho wood chopping alone was Quite an So Harriot had tried to manufacture orw; out of pp.st gl n*ies in that line. One dj ij.t about a month after Danforth’s arrival, \nktsn looking over the papers. Harriets blue eyes.cajslcd on this advertisement— II Cut vyrt this coupon and send it with two •1 dollars to Messrs. Featherfew and Flower, who j will fu mlfii you with tho latest confection iu Freud l htte.” Harriet sprang up so hastily from the willow roekeir that it tipped backwrrd, scaring Goner*! her English, pug, into a barking tit. Her mother was out on the back porch, with n, tomato can full of seeds she had sorted out The nohvo aud quick steps startled her, and the contents of the can flew every way, as if from a patent i feeder. “ A (joupoiz for a hat, mamma! See! sco!” Harriet; exclaimed joyfully. “ ’Eiivcus and earth!” said her mother. "My’cart's iu u flutter. I thought the’ousc was ou lire, or .tbo ’orsc was dead.'’ She stooped to pick up the seeds, while Harriet read the notice to her. ** Can't I help jou, Mrs. Diilwortby ?” some : •oue courteously aiikcd. The hired iuan had approached unnoticed,, and stood smilingly regarding the little scene. Harriet Mudieu r.n-d ceased reading, but hor mother stiffly ansv.*cced — 11 No, thank you, Dan forth ; you’d better go back to your work. *' -I ^au t abear that yuung man’s forward ways,’ * she said to her daughter when ho had gone. "Oh, mamma, he n veimfc only to be kind,, l in sure! And you : tpoke so short, Eaid. "I intended to ; it w H teach him to keep his place in the future,’’ r "turned her mother.' "He’s too familiar, ’Arne ■- Ho talks to you whenever bo can. You oug bo t to allow it. Harriet blushed more deet than before, and was fciluit. Mrs. Dillworthy had tht roughly English ideas. It was a diflicult ta. ik to imbue her with American notions ot cqua Hty. She* could not be made to comprehend th at wrige-eariring men or women might bo of gi md family. bO’ even the ghost of an iucu that 5Com Danforth, her servant, admired and vri/uaed to woo and win her daughter never enter* d hor head. Besides that, she had other views for the girh The leading merchant in the n&ancst; town was 50 years old, and worth money, it is true he had broken every coxunubndmant worth speak ing of ; no one could filch from him bis good name lor the reason that there was no good' about him. Nevertheless, he was considered "a good mauch” for Harriet by Mrs. Diilworthy. She remarked one day to her daughter— "'Mr. BEller is o» thorough gentleman,” " I thought he was dissipated,” replied Harriet. Mrs. Dillworthy szrided. " Well, ho has a flew ’abits, but they arciocly gentlemanly ones.” “ I call him a wry fatiguing person,” l said Harriet. " I don’fc trust men who speak :with j the soft pedal down, and rub their handst-ns if washing them. ’1 om says—” "Tom? WfcoVhe—Danforth? It doesn't signify what he says about my friends, the for ward fellow! If he isn’t careful he’ll leave before his work is finished.” And Mrs. Dill worthy walked, away with dignity in erery' liud of her figure. . As riie disappeared Tom came around the corner with enlarge bnuch of sweet peas in his hand, which ho had gathered for Harriet. Shu look them with a low " Thank you,’’her pretty »< blush rivalliug tho colour of the blossoms. Tom Looked at her admiringly aa be said,— { "The moon will be bright this evening, /and j the roads are prime. Den’t you want to to i tjiq 9$cq \rilh bjo F)- r - - ( Ifr.rrif fc glm ccd nfc Mm pnd taw an unmistak-'. 1 able expression in bis eym. Sim blushed4 blighter as fhe looked down, and said “ YW” so1 bwi ctly that Tom full she l»rd answincd l cth the unspoken and spoken question, and went off to liia work radiant and happy. Mrs. Dillworthy was intent on boost hold tasks, eo this short interview was unnoticed * but when Harriet asked if elm luigLt go for tho mail her mother said promptly— “ Let Toro go by ’ims« If.” Harriet felt disappointed. but dared not pro* test. Tom wr.s not easily rebuffed, however. When be saw Mrs. Dillworlby walking down to tbe pasture to inspect some stock, he threw down bis axe and went to the* open window where Harriet's golden head could be seen kko a spot of sunlight as she loaned out to train an ivy against the casement. He watched the white hands a minute, then captured one and raised it to bis lips, “Harriet,” ho raid, “I heard your rnolher rt fu*< to allow you to go to the affine. 1 know she looks down on me, dtxyou also despite me, dear?” HarritVs hand trembled. She tried to draw it away, saying sbjdy— “ dh, please, Tom, don’t!” “ But, Harriet, I love you,” persisted Toro, cmbo!d.*mwi by her confusion. “I want you for my wife. Will you marry me, sweetheart ?” Harriet's blue eyes glanced out of tlxe window, not meeting her lover’s eager look. The uplmid slope and level plains, a sunlit sea of green, were radiant with a newIy-.-.cquired glory. Should she, could she, trust this ruddy young stranger with her heart, her life! The s-conds .seemed lmurs to Tom, scanning ]jcr face anxiously meanwhile. She turned to him at lr.sfc, and through his ej'cs saw his soul, sound and clear and whole, nnsw-.ring her uns]K>lceiv thought, and rending it in the light of her own love, she said “ yes. ’ They were blissfully happy when up camo Mrs. Dillworthy. “’Arriet Diliworthy, do rny eyes-deceive me?*’ she cried, “ kissing the ’ired man! Oh! oh ! You’ll break my Vart! ’ Tom dropped TJarrieL’n hand, end though somewhat confused stood by his guns like a “ Mrs. Dillworlby,” he said, " I have.asked Harriet to marry me. Will you let me have her ? I love her very dearly, and will try to make her n good husband. I have some money. But Mrs. Diliworthy angrily waived further speech. “ Leave the *cuse, sir, at once ! ’Arriet, shut that window ! I’ll settle your bill to-morrow sight, young roan. Hut you must leave at once or I’ll make you.” Tom bowed and left her, and Mrs. Dillworthy, ’sought her daughter. • ‘To think you should take up with Danforrh, ..vrhrn Mr. Miller ’as ju-t written to ask roc for your ’and and ’eart! I blu3h for you, miss,” But weeping Harriet only sobbed— . “ I love Tom and I hate that old beast!” T “Rubbish! Ion’ll like him well enough when you’m his wife.” “ 'I bat I will never be ! I’ll run to the ends of tiro earth first,” cried Harriet. “ Don’t drive toe too far, mamma ! I’m a woman now, and know my own mind.” “ Go to your room, miss !” snid Mis. Pill worthy, angrily. “ Well talk of this whin that fallow is out of the way. I believe, he’s ! robbed you of all your common sense, that I f do.” Harriet obeyed, weeping unrestrainedly, and Mrs. Diliworthy felt the way of duty to be a thorny one. The next morning great was her consterna tion to find Harriet missing. Only one con clusion could she come to. She had eloped wish Tom Dauforth. She . wept, and, like ltachel of old, would uot bo comforted. Jane stood by in sympathetic silence, till ber mis tress vehemently exclaimed— ** Oh, it’s his doings—the serpent that he is ! ’Arriet was always obedicut and docile until she saw him.” •l I never would have thought lilies Harriet had the strength of mind to go off with Tom,” ventured Janet. > “ Strength of don’t mind!” snapped .Mrs. Diliworthy, her anger getting the better of her r sorrow for a moment, 1 The fairness of tho morning was all unnoticed 1 f.tvinkiin^fh^v beads were..strong on i every blade of grass, antTarfcnow of blossom* i pi-tals perfumed tho air from the orchard*. Mr?. I Ddlwoi thy shut herself up in her room, and reeked to and fro, crying aloud — ! “ She will never come back, and I who loved ! ’er, drove her to it! Oh, my child ! my child ! Come to your ’eartbroken mother 1” The day passed and evening came. Its beauty • tempted the sorrowing woman out on tbe broad . porch. She looked arouud her. The moon was , rising, and stars tliukly studded the blue sky. i But nothing brought her comfort. “Oh, 'Arriet, where are you now?” she i moaned. “You said you would go to the ends of the earth. Are you lost to mo forever ? \ (jh, why was I so ’ard ? My ’eart is breakiug— > breaking!” Her sobs reached the ears of Janet, who came hurriedly to her. “ Come, ma’am, don’t late on so,” she said soothingly. “ Miss Harriet—” “ Never mention her name again ! ’’ cried Mrs. Lrilhvortby with a quid: revulsion of feeling. “ She is dead to mo now.” “ Nonsense, ma’am 1 Suppose she ha3 married Tom, what then ? He’s a likely yonug man aud above his work. lie told ine hard times brought him down to wood chopping. “ Up you mean,” snitfed Mrs. Dilhaocthy. ■Waggon whor ls were heard just then. The gale swung open, footsteps came hastily aloug up to the porch, uud Harriet’s fre-h, sweet voice called out— *• Ob, mamma, mamma 1 I*vo got my hat, and it's a beauty. Were you frightened at my. absence ?” Sho had reached the porch by this time aud put up her lips to kiss her mother; but that lady stepped back from the offered caress. “ ’Arrict,” she said steruly,“did younotelopo with Tom Danforth ?” Harriet laughed, though the blushes came. •• Why, mamma, how silly oE you ! Had you ft rgotten I was to go to the city to-day to get my hat ? I thought if l went up early I should be back in time for lunch ; but the train was delayed by a washout. Tom drove mo to the .station r.s he had business in town. I have not seen him since. You know you told him you did not want him any longer.” Mrs. Dillworthy bed heard enough. She took Harriot in her motherly arms and kissed her heartily, saying— “ Well, ’Arrict, I was an old gooso. 1 forgot all about thoso kewpous.” Tbr.-hathad scarcely beon sufficiently admired when another carriage had arrived, and Tom’s well-knowu whistle was heard as he wmc up tho path. In her joy at recovering Harriet Sirs. Dili worthy greeted him pleasantly, and went to her desk to get the money due to him. But Tom said •'•‘One moment-, please, Mrs. Dilhvorthy. I ' i*t*k you again for Miss Harriet’s hand, and I h >*v'/u-u v,'i*l reconsider your answer. J -position now’than I was yester .has just died and left mo a bi railroad stock and Govern day. My snug little sum f , , , Tl > half-yearly coupons or menl bonds. I ba\ J noth with me, and Will you look over t- .. x /or me. on t tvic lawyer’s letter I love Harriet dearly, cud I know she care, you say yes to us both ? Mrs. Dillwortby’s face wss , mechanically took Tom’s papers, looked over theta, and saw that genuine. Finally she spoke : ^rith •* Take her, Tom, and if X ever meddle ^ kewpons in thi* Amerira atmin I • ,ps»-rve t. % 'Ju<ly ps she Silently she '^ioy ,w^ra hung. 'Arriefc’s wild goose chase after a Vt fo r a kewpon made me feel old, and its kewpous that give you the right to take her from me, but bless yon both,” she added, holding out her arms. “ I *opc and truat You’ll be ’appy.” The little scene which followed was inter rupted by Janet, who had stolen into the room to listen. “ Jupiter !” she exclaimed ; “ a husband for a kewpon ! Guess I’ll save 'em up myself after “ Janet!” said Mrs. Dilhvorthy, reprovingly. “Don’t scold her, roamma,” laughed Harriet, 14 Come hero, Janet, and wish tnc joy.” “Indeed, I do, miss, with my whole heart, and you too, Mr.Danforth. And I’ve got some Eiewfl for yoo: The bntohjtr’s boy told me this morning that old MfHor bad failed and lost ;vtrj «n>: eUhjs iv good mairik after all, E?ara,” ; “ I’ve brcn a silly old woman,” said Mrs.' Dillworthy, choking a Iitilo. “ Forgivo ran, But Harriot's arms wrre about her neck, and furiker ,;:r-was chrcktd lay a Bias. Mrs. Dillwoiihy, mindful of pa-.L sorrow'. (till unmen lo have anything to do with coup: ns m any form; hut Tom ami Harriot will always love thorn, and in their homo may prS'ioly hang the motto, *' God bless tiro con: on.” 