The story of a Secret. I. Monsieur Silvain,who was a bachelor, occupied rooms in the Rue Vivienne, or the second floor, and below him was his neighbor, \me. Everard, the widow of a colonel. The lady's rooms were gene erally silent, but one day M. Silvain, as he mounted the stairs, heard the voice of a fine soprano singing "La Norman die." The gentleman rang at the dool of the stage. His curiosity was awaki ened. Mine. Everard received him. " 1 fancy that the unusual has not escaped your notice," said the lady "The singer is the daughter of an old friend of mine." Then there was at introduction, and M. Silvain paid his respects to a beautiful young woman: Madame said: "She Is a very adven turous and independent young lady, H1 Silvain. When her father died, three years ago, leaving her to face the worlk alone, she adopted music as her profes sion, and, not being appreciated in hel native place, Rouen, came up to Parit "And she will be famous some day,' remarked M. Silvain. "And maybe sht iwill find a surer road to happiness through marriage." "If you consider marriage equivalent to happiness, M. Silvain, pardon me for i asking how it is you are still.a bache lor'?" "Mademoiselle, I must plead that it is not my fault, but my inisfortune. Con stantly occupied in my-ahem!--oficia] duties, I have had no leisure to think of matrimony, but I hope - "Your official duties?" the widow in terrupted quickly. "Then yon have a post under the Government, M. Sil vain?" "I--h'm--have occupied my presenl position fora number of years,madame Do not letmypresenceprevent you fron finishing that charming song, mademoi selle." "I see that you admire my young friend." said madamet when.the twyc were chatting aside. "She is adorable!. Such a union oa grace, beauty, and sweetness I have never seen." " You must be a-very acute observes to discover her angelic qualities aftet being only five minutes in her company But perhaps you hiave heard.something of her history-though I don't knov who can have told you." He shool his head with a smile. "Renee is the daughter of Raymond 'Duvilliers, o: Rouen." "I have heard of him, madame:" "You have heard liothing to his credit I fear," she remarked, shaking her heal significantly. "He began life witl every tfdvantage, but after squandering his fortune le retrieved it by. a ride marriage, though, of course, lie soor ran through all his wife's money. At ter her falther's death, Renee found among his- papers a memorandum con cernin0g a certain M. Mathieu. an ex dancing ilaster, of Paris, wliom thi ( captain - had-swindled. Duvillier: had managed to keep on the safe side of the code. Well," she continued, "yor may think how shocked his daughter Iwas by the discovery. She never rest ed till, by means of advertisements ii Parisian papers, she had discovered her father's victim and made restitution She at once refunded the greater part o the money, and undertook to pay thl rest in annual instalments out of the pittance she had left herself, which shl proposed to increase by teaching." SM. Silvain coughed and changed hi: position abruptly. "And this person Mathieu-how could he accept the re paration, knowing that she had reduce( herself to poverty in order to -" "He did not know it. The money was refunded through her lawyer Maitre Delaunay, of Rouen, in het father's name. Delaunay was he agent in the matter-solely against his will, as it deprived his son of a fortune for Renee was engaged to be married t, Maurice Delaunay, whom she hai known from childhood,but when she in sisted-on beggaring herself, the notari anll hi.. wife Pnorýentarily. broke. off .the I match." \- Her companion shut his snuff- bo. with an indignant snap. "Yort mus have a poor opinion of my sex,madameo if you think that beauty and goodness such as hers -": "Eh,.my good sir,.you are sadly be hind the'times! But, hush!" she broke in, "Renee is coming back.". 'It. is strange," said Renee, slowly "your face seems familiar to me. I can' think of whom it reininds me." - : M. Silvain presently took his leave ihen the little gentleman had bowed himself out,- M'me. Everard turned tc her companion and demnfided abruptly "Well, what do you think of my neigh bor?" ., "I think, he is charning, charhiiiig,' she replied, with a droll imitationh o his manner, "but he is a living aiiach ronism. He ought to have been a fuitc tionary of the vieille hour, instead 'of a clerk under the Republic." "In fact, Renee, you have made a con quest. He can't be much over 50. It is the prime of life for a man. He is rich, good-natured, and good mannered occupyingn, it appears, a responsiblh post under the Govermnent--let me tel. you, Rence, that such a match is not to be despised by a girl in your position." "Perhaps not," she acquiesced,mildly "but as I happen to be already engage(d to MIaurice Delauniy -" "Did you not tell me that the en gtgement lihad been broken off by hit people three years iago?" "Yes-but not by himself. He would have married nme in defitnce 6f them, but I told hIim that I would not be hits wife till-till I 1itd fulfilled my task and cleared my father's name of the stain of dislhonor." "And do you thlink hlie will wait for you?" her friend questioned, with a cynically compassionate smile. She answered, softly. "I am snre ol his fidelity. 'Work, wait and trust,' that is my motto." As sile crossed the I'Pont Nceuf next day,Renee paused for a moment to drop a contribution into the leathern wallet of an old, wooden-legged soldier, fa miliarly known to Parisians by the soubriquet of Pere Joveux. For more years than any one cared to count he had haunted the same sheltered corner near the end of the bridge. Coins of any sort were not very plen tiful with Renee. "My little lady, you have given me a silver piece; did you know?" "Yes, I have no coppers. Is it not a good one?" she asked. "Quite good, and a new one, too! I shall keep it for luck," he replied, and hlie broke into the tune of "Monsieur et Madame Denis." Renee found.herself humming the re frain of the foolish old song as sheowent her way. Her heart thrilled with the longing to see Maurice again; to hear once more the dear,familiar voice which to her was the sweetest music the world could give. "Reneel" She paused with a start at the speak er. It was Maurice himself. "Renee, don't you know me ?" he questioned. _ "Oh, Maurice, is it really you?" was all she could fihd to say. "I had no idea you were in Paris." "Nor has anyone else," hlie replied. "And how has tile world been using you, sweetheart, since we parted a year ago?'" he went on. "Fairly well, though, to tell the truth, I find the road to success steeper than I expected." "Why will you not give me the right to help you, Renee'" "'I have put my hand to the plough, and I must not look back," she rejoined, with a serious smile. 'Is it no hardship that you should be wearing out your youth in toil and pov erty to atone for you father's fault?" \- Then the sound of a church clock striking the hour made Renee start. "Twelve o'clock! You have beguiled me into forgetting all: my pupils,"' she exclaimed. "I must go now." "I intend to spend New Year's DaTyI with you," said Maurie.- "Till then, good-bye, sweet love. I leave my heart in your keeping." "As mine is in yours,".she whispered as they parted. 1I. It was the last day of the old 'ear. For the first time on record M. Silvain so far departed from his usual-habits as not to leave home till afternoon. , " And he was dressed like a prince, madame! A brand new overcoat, with a fur collar, and a hat you could see your self in. I was to give his compliments, and say that he would have the honor of waiting upon you at four o'clock, when he hoped to find Mille. Renee also at home," said Marthe, lime. Edward's maid. Meanwhile, her fellow-lodger, walk ing with his most juvenile step, crossed the river, along the boulevard, to the Palais Royal, where he entered a flor ist's shop, and purchased, at a fancy price, a superb" bouquet of hot-house roses. After a stroll through the brilliantly lighted arcades of the Palais, he turned toward home, which he reached shortly before four o'clock. "The ladies are in the salon," Marthe told him; "there is a visitor with them, a friend of mademoiselle, who has just arrived." "Very good," he answered, absently. "The old bachelor's cheeks were flush ed, and his heart beat fast as he ap proached the door of the sitting-room. It was partly open, and as he paused, furtively adjusting his collar and cra vat, he heard a sound of laughter with in - Renee's musical voice mingling with the deper tones, of a man. On the heaYth, opposite to him, stood Renee, flushed and radiant, look ing up into the handsome bronzed face of a tall, dark-eyed young fellow of three or four and twenty, who had im prisoned both her hands in his own, while his other arm, from which she was laughingly endeavoring to disen gage herself, encircled her waist. "Let me go, sir; don't you see that Mme. Everard looks quite scandalised?" she exclaimed, glancing at lMme. Everard. whose face expressed the most unqualified disapproval. "It is at you, then, not at me!" he declared. "Madame is naturally aston ished that-you should object to be re spectfully saluted by your fiance-so!" and suiting the action to the word, he bent and kissed her. M. Silvain started as if he had been struck, and hastily drawing back, be fore any one had perceived his pres ence, turned from the door. "Make my compliments to the ladies, and say that as they have a visitor I will not intrude this evening," he said, and walked away. Safely locked in his own rooms, he Sstood for a moment looking vaguely t round, like one waking from a dream, then, becoming conscious of the roses in his'hand, he flung them from him with a passionate ejaculation, and sitting down at the table, let his head fall on his folded arms and cried like a child. Then there came a gentle knock at his door, and he opened it. "I am come to scold you, 31. Silvain," said Renee, with her sweet smile. "Marthe tells us that you refused to come in because we had a visitor. Surely you did not think you would be intruding? M. Delaunay wishes to be introduced to you. .I ought to tell you," she added, shyly, "that we-that we are engaged, though our engagement has not the sanction of his family, and you are not ill, M. Silvain?" He shook his .head, smiling con i strainedly. "No, not ill, only a little low-spirited."! 'I am.very sorry," she said, gently. "We' have all our troubles-you have yours also; my child, have you not? But you are young, and in youth, 'though.sorrow may endure for a night, joy cometh with the mornifig.' " "My 'morning' seems still far off," she answered, with a smile and a sigh. "Thanks for your sympathy, my sweet friend. Good night." ...Until .to-morrow," she cried. He watched her out of sight, then stood for a moment on the landing, looking down, deep in thought. When he raised his face it had recovered its usual serenity, and wore a look of resolution which gave it a new dignity. "Yes," he muttered, "I will do it; she shall be happy. And as for me -well, I shall be no worse off than I was for merly. Allons!" Daylight was waning wlhen .at last Renee and Maurice turned their faces homeward. Half way across the'-Pont Neuf, Renee *paused with a regre tful exclamation. .. "I quite forgot Pre .Toyeux!n' "Who is he?" her companion de manded. "An old pensioner of mine,; a c?rippled fiddler who always plays on the bridge. There he is, on the other side. Let us cross "over." "Never mind now, Renee; it is getting dark, and beginning to snow again. Give him something to-morrow." "But this is New Year's Day, and it seems unkind to neglect him whlen I am so happy. Look, lie has seen me he is looking so wistfully! Stay :here, I shall not be a moment." The road was slippery with fresh fallen snow, and when half way across the girl's foot slipped. She made a vain effort to recover herself, and fell just in the track of the heavy vehicle, which came thundering along, drawn by two powerful horses. The driver, on his high perch, did not perceive what had happened till the bystanders uttered a warning shout, which was echoed by a cry of alarm from Maurice, as he hur ried to her assistance. Pere Joyeux, lwho had been watching her movements, flung his violin aside, and before Maurice could reach the spot, he had snatched her literally fromn under the horses' hoofs. "What an escape!" Maurice gasped. S"Are you hurt, Itence?" "No, no; but where is Pere Toyeux, who has saved my life?" she asked, anxiously looking around. Then Renee saw the figure of her old friend stretched insensible upon the asphalt. The next moment a policeman ap proached, and after a few brief in quiries, whlich Maurice :answered, pcr empitorily dispersed thie lookers on and hailed a passing carriage. giving the order: "To the Hotel Dieu." "Is he seriously hurt?" asked Rence, when she went to the hospital. "He is dying," was the grave reply. "You are surprised at the clmnge in his appearance?" the surgeon remarked in an undertone: "he hbid been wearing a false beard, and without it he looks quite a different man. It is possible that he--" "Is she there?" the patient asked faintly. "I am M. Silvain to you," he said when they were alone; "but your father knew me as Silvain Mathieu." "What! It was you whom my father wronged?" she faltered. "'Dear child, you have repaired the wrong and left me your debtor," he gently replied. "You know what was formerly my profession? I was a dancing master; I met with an acci dent and biecame a cripple. I had little money. I lost it in a speculation. I had the natural instincts of the vaga bond. I became the street musician. I am the Pere Joyeux. Do not look dis tressed. It was a life just suited to me. I could be a gentleman at times as M. Silvain. I had not as many friends as Silvain as I had as le Pere Joycux. I loved you as a daughter when you first put money In my hand. But there is more than that." Renee kissed the hurt man. He continued : "The false beard and the wooden leg made all the difference tosome-but not to you. Yes, kiss me again," and with the ghost of his for mer gallant manner he raised Renee's hand to his lips. Renee was sobbing. "Hush," he interrupted : gently; "what better fortune can I have 'than to save your .life and secure your hap plness? Renee, you .will find a parcel in my deslk, directed to yourself. I re store your gift, dear-as I meant to have done-if I had lived. There is no obstacle now between you-and-your lover. God bless you both. How dark it grows-and cold! Do not be sorry for me, dear-I am quite content," he continued, with a tranquil smile. "Quite content," he repeated; and with.thd.smile on his lips he died. On. the afternoon of their wedding day, before starting on their journey in to Normandy, Renee and Maurice cross ed the Pont Neuf once more, to pay a last visit to Pere Joycux's old haunt. "I am glad no one has taken his place," Renee said softly, after a mo ment; "it would seem almost like dese cration. I fancy I can still hear the sound of his violin!" Maurice looked down at her tenderly. "Yes," she concluded with a happy smile, "Sorrow endured for a night, but joy has come with the morning!"-"New York Times." 