A UNITED TEMPERANCE DEMONSTRATION Was held in the L·eturr.hbll on Friday evening and wee well attended by mem. born of the different temperance organisa tioes and others. The bodies repre Ronted were Hope of Goulbnrn Lodge of Geoo Template, Perseovrtne Lodge (Gittleld), Star of Westl Lodge (West Goal hburn), Soes of Teomperance, theIo Daughters of Temeperance, and the Women's Christian Temperance Union. The members wore their ruelia and other distinguishing badges. Mnelh enthusiasm prevailed. Tihe meeting wan preceded by a torahliglht processiou. Members of the temperance bodies to the number of over one hundred assemblad near Knowlman'e and marched in regalia to the htll, headed by the Salvation Army band. The procession attracted a largeo number of epetatores, and convoyed a good idea of the earnestneess of the temperance workers of this city. At the meeting Mr. J. Lumsden, distriot. deputy, I.O.G.T., took the chair, and on the platform were the Roev. Mr. Rentoul (Trinity Presbyterian ahorabch), the Rev. O. Palmer (Baptist church), Mesdames Gardiner and Oliver (president and vice-presedont respec tively of the W.O.T.U.), Mr. N. T. Collins, G.C., Mr. A. M. Millard, G.V.T., and Meners. E. Ayliffe, D. McInnes, Lgyons, and A. Mundy. The O Chairman in opening the proeedings expressed pleasure at presiding. He had for mony yeare been deeply interested in tem perance work and was always at home at such meetings. One of the objects they had in view in holding these meetings at tile present time was to edoonate the people in the matter of tomperance reform. To show them the great amount of injury done by the drink, Mr. Gladstone, the greatest statesman of the ago, had said that the drink enrseo had carried ofe more victims than all the wars, pesti. lences, and famines in the world. The speaker pointed out that alcohol was not food nor medicine. It had some stimulating quali ties he would admit and some good qualities, for while it would kill a living body it would preserve a dead body. That might seem paradoxical, but it was true. If there were no drinkers there would be no drunkards. He reilted the statement that poverty crented drnkenness; because he had seen rich men drunk. It was not poverty tilelat created drnlkenness, it was the system. There was only one way to stop drunkenness, and that was prohibition. It had been said they could not make men sober by act of parliament. Well, lot them give them a show, and if they did not suecceed, then they would probably go back to the old system. He urged all present to join one or other of the temperanoo lodges ned don the blio ribbon beforo leaving the hall that night. The audience then sang Sound the Battlo Cry. Mr. A. M. Millard, G.V.T. (Buangendore), said be felt some dillidence in addressing, for the first time, a Goalburn audience; but he was proud that his firset address should be delivered in the grand and glorious cause of temperance reform. This was a period when they might well look back en their lives, and while they were rejoicing over and oelebrat ing the glories of the Victoria era, it was well they should cndeavnour to do something which would give an impetus to temporance work. The past sixty years had done muchb for the temperance rauss. Prior to 1837 all the sovereigns who had occupied the British throne had been drunkards. But in 1837 there seemed to dawn a now ers in temperance reform. Many shining lights in temperancework had come forward and left their names behind them during the past sixty years. He might mention particularly Father Matthew, Gongh, Cardinal Moanning, and Archdeaoon Farrar. They had reason now to be proud of the fact that Dr, Temple, Archbishop of Canterbury, was a total ab stainer and a Rechabite. Mr. Millard asserted that alcohol was the main and chief cause of crimes innumerable, Seventy.five per rent. of the cases in onar divorgs and criminal courts were attributable to the drink ourse. Onlylast year he had himself heard Judge Simpson say in the Oonlburn courthonse that the man who reclaimed one individual from drunkenness was deserving of the thanlee of the whole community. He urged them to take a wider and greater interest in the politi cal quactions which led up indireetly to the great werik of temperance refdrm. Banitary arrangements, education, and womanhood sulrage were queetions which ehou:d com mand their attention and support. Women would by their votes send men to parliament in the interests of temperance reform. The habite and castoms of our social life, said Mr. Millard, are also responsible for much of the drunkenness. They eould not have a christening ora wedding without having their glass of wine. He also deprecated very strongly the habit whieh existed mong busi ness men of "shouling." He said the idea prevailing that as soon as two man made a bargain it was necessary to " wet" it was absolutely false. Ha denied that their in tarference with the drink question was an in. terferenoe with the liberties of theb individnual, and he denied it on the grounds that if a men wasted his money uselessly and needlessly, and injured the community of which he was a portion, then they had a right to say to that man, "you are sujurinc the commu nity, and we will proevent. yoe." Dealing with the question of the revenue derivable from the anties on grog and the license and stamp duties paid by brewers, he asked where did the brewers obtain the money to pay thebo stamp tanes ? Was it not from the pockets of the people? Be asked them to place the amount of revenue derived from brewers side by side with the amount it cost to administer justioe and keep down crime, and snee how much wasgained. In conclusion, he urged on the veteran temper. ane men and women to again give their help and counsel, for there was danger ahead, andi they needed their experience, their counsel, and their nssistance. They also wanted re. crits. This was a season of rejoloing, leot them all show an example, and begin rejoicing over the fight they intended making agairler the drink tralffli. He hoped the day was not far distant when Young Australia would have waving over its federal continent the pure white flag of prohibition, and she would then prove one of the brightest gems thaet adorns the mother's crown. {(pplause.) Mr. A. lMorris sang a solo, The Question of the Hour. Mr. E. Ayliffe said he wees there as a sworn teetotaller and a sworn prohibitionist. He did not believe in local option. He had nevoer voted for it, and he hover would. He regretted that he had the wrong audience to address. He liked going out on the oarner and nddres ing those who drank, so that they could have a elhot at him, He lil:ed that sort of work. It was eggressive. He contended there was no argument in flvor of drink. He referred to the evidence of depravation, starevation, and poverty which be had seen in Goelburn, and which had been caused through drink. He had seen men who bad earned their money like horses through the week, spend it like nesce on Saturday, and the worst of it weas, thet it was the little ones that suffered. He enlegised the Baud of Hope, and said if they could only get the little ones to keep their pledges, they would go on all right, because the old "dodgers" would soon be " enufflled" ent. The locally-mado stuff, and that made at Wbeeo and Grabben Guollen would soon kill them. He was proud of being a total abstainer, and urged alnil present to follow his example. The choir sang the hymn Wonderful Worde of Life while a collection was being taken up to defray expenses. Mr. N. T. Collinas, G.C. (Guning) said he wished they had more men like Bro. AyliffI who were able to go out on the street corners to address the drunkards and fight their in terjeotioose. Ho olwoya envied a man who could do that. Still there was other nrnd equally importnl corek tn do, aed in that tee wished tu tahe his port. It woe necessary aleo to meet together to diecus the mnEns eof promoting tompcronce weorek. Much had been donn durieg the pelst sity years to encourago them to go on. When (Iueen Victorie ascended the throne there woe hardly uech a thing as Lotal obaticnece. Since then ihow. tever there had been a couoidcrable advance in lI:twledge. He referred to lho various waves elf reform work that had come to Geoulburn and then receded, buit said he did not believe ther hlad ever been a waove of temporance reform in Goulbnrn thot lhad not left some nre reclaimed frotem drink. Ie referred to theu old Woshingtonian mnovement, whicl originlted in a reloon. Sevec men weru drinkuing, when one iecame so disgusted with hliusell that he oaid he would never drink another glies. Sis companione offelred to follow his example, andl a pledge was there nod then drawn np bIy one of the party and from this sprang a temporano e moovement that swept th Sctates from east to west and from nortll to oooth. Rflerring to the total ab. stinenoo principles of manoy of tho presidents of the United Strtes, tI said that only last March at thu inauguration of Presideol MoKinoley, whon there was witnessed one of the grandest pageants ever seen in the States, not one drop of grog was used from beginoning to oend of the feativitieon. The Proeisdent had ordered it so. How theyo (tlo tempernoce workers) would have been encouraged had their good Qoeen given such an order in re gard to the record reign eleboratioos. iHe did not want to find fault witil the old lady. He believed sio lived up to her lights. He be lieved he was quite safe in saying that every person present had had more education on the quoestion than Qoueen Victoria had. He1r eurroundings prevented it. They should re member sho anme of a German family, who thought boor as essential oas bread. He urged on the temperance workers the necessity of organisation, nod while paying a tribute to the glorious work of Father Mattbow, said i: was not nlastitrg in its ffecots owing to lack of organiention. These meetings which they were holding throughout the colony were being liold at the request of their Chief Tom plar, who hoped that each would result in tile accession of at least five new members and the return of five old ones. The Good Tem plar order was doing a good work, which few roalised. Their doors wore open wide to overyone, no matter what his nationality, his religion, or his color. The order had done what they are told they could not do. It had penetrated into the very heart of Europe, and and into the wine.drinking districts in all parts of the world. He hoped those present would do their share ; that they would not let the work go down in their midst. Sister Mrs. Harding then sang, When the Days are Going By." The Roev. Mr. Rentonul said he was a stranger in Goulbntro, hobut he did not intend to remain so. Since he had come to Goul born ha had noticed three remarkable things. First to attract his notice was the largo num ber of public-houses. Then he observed with pleasure the goodwill and friendship which existed amongst the ministers of Christ. The third reanarkable thing was the large number of " bairnies" they had in Goulburn. The drink trafflic he said was a curse to the land. It broke hearts and destroyed homes. The drink question wasna great problem, and they should face it boldly and endeavour to solve it. The speaknler contended that while the Salvation Army aud the Young Men's Christian Association had done mighty work still the great problem remained. The Chlris tinn abourcnes had also failed to solve the problem. The remedy was in their Sabbath schools. There they would find the solution of the great drink question. These schools would oanose boetter and truer men and women to grow up in our midst. io urged on parents to more home condeooivo Io happiness and sobriety, an.d naked some of those men who were noted for laughter and joke in the workshop and the street to take some of that laughter home to their poor wives and un happy children. Parents he said should acopt their responsibility, and look after the future of their ohildreo. Bro. A. Morris then sang Throw Out the Life-Line. The lRev. O. Palmer gave a short and stir ring address. He said he was there to show which side he was on. He firmly believed that the best side of a pnblio-.hons was the outside. He did not believe in putting into his mouth that which would steal away his braine and do an injury to his wife and the community in which he lived, He thought a man's body should be the temple of the Holy Ghost and not a swine.tub. Men drank for various reasons. Some droank because they were cold, others drank when they were warm, and some drank because the doctors ordered it. He maintained there was no reason to drink at all. Alcohol wase not a food, and it was not a stimulant. It never gave strength to the body. It might " whip" men up for a little while, but it lleft them jaded afterwards. It was enough to make one's heart bleed to see the destitute homes and emaciated forms of people caused by the aurse of drink, Ho denounced in strong terms the moderate drinker, and said he was the cause of oil drunkenness. Moderation brought orn botheration. He asked them to show whish aide they were on. A total ab stainer was all the better for being an avowed abstainer, and they should be proud to show their colors. A vote of thanks was ncourdod the speakers on the motion of Bro. J. E. P. Walker, seconded by Bro. D. Molonos. The motion having been carried by acola mation, Bros. Collins and Millard replied, both stigmatising moderato drinking. The Rove. lRentoul and Palmer also replied. ThI meeting coneloded with the Benedio tion and Doxology, followed by the National Anthem. 