Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. Howso: "Why don't you take a wife, old man?" Cumso: "Her husband might object". "Johnny," asked his teacher, "what must we do before our sins can be forgiven?" "Sin," replied Johnny "So the crowd ran that silver orator off the platform 7" " Yos, sir; every tooth in hia head waß filled with gold," She: "Isn't the rule, 'When in doubt play trumps'?" He: "The usual rule is, 'When in doubt, ask what are trumps.'" Mrs. Quiverful (sternly): " What was going on in the parlour last night?" Ethel (blushing); " Only my engagement ring, mamma." He: "It's reported around that we aro en gaged." She: " Well, you know it's a mistake." He: " Yes; I called to see if I couldn't rectify it." Swell (to newsboy at railway station): " Aw, boy, does the down train meet the fast express?" Newsboy: " No, sir; if it did, there'd be a terrible, collision." Ernest (faintly): "Vera, darling, I do believe I'm the worst sailor on earth!" Vera (ditto): "I wouldn't mind that so much, if I wasn't so bad on the water!" "Do you know," said the man who was goinc to have a tooth palled, " I don't think ' dental parlour'is a good phrase." "No?" "Drawing room would be inuou better." Thero is a little drinking house That every one can close, The door that leads Into tin* henae Is just beneath the uose. "What do you think of my Frenoh, Jules?" I asked of my Paris guide. "It iss vonderful, m»dame," he replied courteously. "In all my life before I never have heard anysing like it." Jones: "Hullo, Brown! Are you off ?" Brown (who wishes he was): •• Well, no; not exactly Pact is, always carry a bag about this lime <rf year. Makes people think you're living in the country." "I see now," said Mr. Bullard, "why the call the vestry the vestry." " Why is it?" askod Mrs. Bullard. " Why, the members of the vestry have to put their hands in the pockets of their vests'to pay up expenses." She: "You did startle me! I thought you' were dead!" He (a trifle bitterly): "I declare you seem quite disappointed I'm not in Africa I** She (apologetically): " No: I don't mean that. Only—l do so want to see a ghost!" "Is there anything else I can show you?** airiced the salesman after he had taken down goods for two hours and a-half to the shopper who had bought nothing. " Yes," said she. "If you will kindly show nw the door I will go home." "I wonder bo many telegraph operators are women?" said the man who cultivates an idle curioflity. "I don't know," replied the misau thropej " unless it's because the occupation puts them in a position to have the last word every time." An Easy Living.—" Where- aro you working now, Mary?" "Ain't workin' nowheres. lam in business for myself. I got a couple dozen ladies' that pays me a shillin' a week to oome around and ask 'em for a place, and it makes the girl they've got mad, and sno won't leave." Solicitor: " Yes, that matter of the legacy from your uncle is all in order now. Let me see. The amount was is9o. My expenses oome to £80, so I will draw you a cheque for £\O, which will square the matter." Ghent: "Here, I say, was it my undo or yours that died ?" Old Mother Hubbard She went to the cu'b'ard To get her poor doggie a bone; But no bone was there found, So her doggie came round And inserted his teeth in her own! Judge: "Have yon anything to say before sentence is passed upon you?" Prisoner (a rabid poet): " I should like to read this little poem to your Lordship; me fears it will be long ere I have a like opportunity." Judgo (sarcastically): "I am here to administer punishment, not to be punished myself!" An old4?ife gentleman said to the then minister of Cupar—"D'ye ken, sir, you and I are wiser than 8olomonl" "How can that be?" inquired the startled clergyman." " Weel, ye see, Solomon didna ken whether his son was to be a fool or • wise man, but baith you and I aro quite sure thai our sons are fools." On Sunday, as a certain Scottish minister was returning homeward, he was accosted by an old woman, who said: "Oh, sir, well do I like the day when you preach!" The minister was aware that he was nob very popnlar, and answered: "My good woman, lam glad to hear it. There are too few like you. And why do you like it when I preach?" "Oh, sir," »ho replied, "when you preach I always get a good seat I" 