SlMLAtg GHOST STORY. A coriespondeni; writes to the London Daily Iteibs i — T'he village of Edithwostor, aboui. five and a half miles from Stamford, has been the scene of a remarkable and at present unexplained phenomenon, and the whole of the district has been aroused. In one of the hotisea in the village loud and at times almost nproarioas noises have been repeatedly heard at all times of the flay and nighty the sounds resembling those which would result from the kuocking and banging of doors, and, notwithstanding the fact that the closest investigations have been made by persons of all ranks in society, there is up to the present moment no apparent reason for the noises. The majority of the inhabitants of the village, it would appear, ate firmly of opinion that tho sounds ate of ghostly origin. Thorough and prolonged investigations have been carried out by large numbers of people from the village and the adjacent parishes and by many persons from the neighboring town of Stamford. These investigations have been made, amongst others, by doctors, clergy men, journalists, schoolmasters, police offi cers, and other men who are accustomed to attach to evidence its proper value ; but although, of coarse, the solution of the problem may eventually bo found to be perfectly natural, the whole affair is up to the present moment -a complete mystery. The knocks have been heard over and over again in broad daylight by groups of men who were standing within a yard or two of thedoox Occasionally the sounds would come apparently from inside a small cupboard, which has been opened immediately after wards, bat without any discovery to throw li^ht on the remarkable occurrences. In numerous instances the sounds have been heard 150 yards away. It seems to be quite out of the question to believe that the noises are the resuk of practical joking, or the perpetrators must inevitably have been caught before this. One of tbe doors oi the house bad recently been varnished, and one day loud and repeated knocks were heard, but the most careful examination immediately afterwards to see ii marks would be found oa the varnish or on the wood proved to be futile. The correspon dent interviewed a large number of the inhabitants of EdithweBton and the neigh bourhood, and his enquiries clearly show in the first place that nearly every person in the parish has heard the knocks over and over again, and in the second place that no one can give a reasonable explan ation of them. 'There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy.' 