CONGREGATIONAL UNION. ANNUAL MEETINGS. THIRD DAY. The Stow Church Guild-room was well filled on Wednesday Oct. 20, when the annual meetings of the Congregational Union and Home Mission were continued. The Rev. F. W.- 06* presided ati a .devotional meeting whioh preceded the passing of a motion moved by the Rev. W. H. Newbold, and seconded by the Rev. T. Hope, oonveying fraternal greet- ■ ings to the Perth Union. ORGANIC UNION OF OUR CHUROHES. The Rer. Dr. Jeffehis, before reading his much- looked-fbr paper on "Theorganic union of our Churches," said that a sentence had appeared in the morning papers whioh had struck him, with horror. (Laughter.) Ho had been reported as saying that there was not much in the office of Chairman' of the i Union.- (Laughter and " That's exactly what, you said.") He did not deny the use of the words, but there was a context to be taken with them. He explained that what he meant was that not much power was entrusted to the occupant of that offifee, whioh was one of the most honourable positions in the whole of Christendom. Dr. Jeffebis expressed the opinion that few subjeots were more worthy of their deeper thoughts than "The organic union of our Churches." Just now Congregationalism did not seem in perfeot harmony with the spirit of the age. That might be a matter for congratu lation, but it certainly had a depressing influence. In Australia preference was given to Churohes in which much power wasgrauted to the clergy, and to those in which autocratio authority was olaimed and wielded. Ho found some explanation of this in the fear that was entertained of a false democracy without safeguards against disorder or despotism. They were in greater repute fi f ty years ago, when individualism was the popular philosophy. The true philosophy of the Christian life lay neither with individualism nor with collectivism, but"with the golden mean midway between the two. Perhaps there was no problem of greater importance than the adjusting of the balance between liberty and ordor, between the freedom of the individual and the regulated strength of association. That was the pro blem, so far as their Churches were concerned, that they wore to consider. Let them con template the possibility of makiug some advance towards a groator corporate unity. The existing various Churches might bo grouped in four loading divisions. They had autocracy—government by a single man as in the Papacy and theSal vation Army; episcopacy —government by Diocesan Bishops as in the Church of England," and in one large section of the American Methodist Church; Presbyterianistn, or government by a number of coequal elders, as in tbe Kirk of Scotland and wesleyan Methodism; and Congrega tionalism, or government by the single fellow ship, as among themselves. Each of those might receive the divine sanction for certain purposes, at certain times, and among certain people. Those who preferred the Congrega tional way, knowing it to ho the way of the Apostles, would cast no scorn upon those who thought that an expansion of oarly Christian methods was required for the advancement of Christianity. Indeed, as was the contention of many, Congregationalism needed to ad vance, and its true lino of progress was towards association or confederation. But to tliom progress would not be progress if their essential principles were abandoned, and these summarized were:—1. That every Bolf-sup porting fellowship of Christians is a Church, absolutely complete in itself, under Christ. 2\. That the New Testament is the sole text book of Christian^ doctrine. 3. That every Church has the right to determine its own members, tochooseand appoint its own officers, to administer tho sacraments, and to settle the form of order of divine worship.^ 4. That every Church has the 30I0 responsibility of ad ministering Christian discipline. _ If they gave up those they abandoned their right to exist as a separate and integral part of - the Christian commonwealth. Those cardinal principles of their polity did not hinder sepa rate fellowship from entering into union with one another. A brothorhood of Churches was required as much ns a brotherhood of souls, and the union tliov woro now thinking of was between these whoso fundamental views of the Christian polity were identical, and who were therefore able to ontcr into a more defi nite and practical union. In measure this had been done. The Congregational Union was a confederation of Christian Churches, and they could not have done what it was in their hearts to do if they had not been effectu ally joined together. The basis of the Union i was voluntary, and the question was could they make it more effective without limiting tho Congregational liberty? _ Lot them con sider the work that lay outBide the work of tbe local fellowships, and which was done only by tho Churohes acting together. There were the proclamation of the Gospel to tbe neglected masses of their fellow- countrymen; the carrying of the Christian message to the nations which had not yet embraced Chris tianity; and the fouudiug of Churohes of their own order. In matters of education, also, many demands were rnaic upon them. Why should thoy be compelled to send thoir children to Episcopalian, or Wesleyan, or BibloChristian Colleges? .And here ho ex pressed his regret that more than thirty years ago he had opposed the found ing of a _ College on a Congre gational basis in favour of oue on unseetarian lines. The entrance to thoir colleges must be guarded against incompe tence, even if it be accompanied by much piety, and the entrance to their pulpits against lialf-educated amateurs, who often had little to recommend them but a fatal fluency and a dress severely ecclesiastical. Then in the life history of their Churches things happened which required brotherly intervention. There was a good deal of human nature in ministers, deacons, and Churoh mombers, and if there could be no court of appeal was there to be no method of arbitration? Brotherly love could not count for much if it was unable to devise methods of reconciliation. But this could be effectively I provided only by definite organic union. Lastly, thcro were oertain relations of a practical nature between Government -and their Churches and between other corporate ecclesiastical bodies and their own which showed the need for a duly authorized responsible head to furnish information and execute acts on bahalf of all. Much of this was done by the Congregational Union, but 1 much was done imperfectly or not at all. He I pleaded for a federal union of their Churches. By that he meant that, while each federated Church should decide on all matters belonging specially to itself, a federal union should be created by enlarging the functions of the present Congregational Union with authority to decide on all matters that were of common and universal conoorn. All local congregational matters would remain as now, under local control, but all general matters would be committed to general con trol. That would advance liberty to a great height, and help it to secure a greater influ ence, and instead of their standard being pitched like the standard of Dan in tho rear ward of the tribes, it would be pitohed like that of Judah towards the rising of the sun. Once only, upon a large scale, had Congrega tionalism had an opportunity to Bhow what it could do. It used that opportunity nobly. It made New England, and through New England it moulded the life of the United States. He ventured to say that the volun tary and organized association of tho Free Churches under the leadership of Christ offered the best guarantee for the ultimate ; triumph of Christianity. ' An animated discussion followed. TheRev. J. O. Kirby oould obtain no deea conviction from the paper, and said that _ Dr. Jeffens j evidently wished them to turn into Preaby-, terians—a remark which the author of the ; paper repudiated. Otuers who took part were the JEtevs. Joseph Robertson, G. Ravner, T. Hope, W. Cor. . Dr. Jefferis found more_ friends than enemies, and Mr. Kirby was twitted for his apparent dulness in not being able to grasp the meaning conveyed in the paper. Dr. Jeffkeis in reply to a vote of thanks said he had urged them to combine for the real. purpose of inoreasing their freedom. AFTERNOON. The Rev. J. Lloyd, Chairman-elect, was weloomed and he acknowledged the honour which had been conferred upon him. PUBLIC WORSHIP. The Rev. S. Lenton read an inspiring paper on "Publio worship," which he only attempted to describe, not merely as praise, nor yet as prayer, nor both of these together. _ It was these with inspiration and spirit which infused both with life and meaning. Worship must be a duty more than a delight. He laid special stress on the need for solemnity being observed during the Churoh services, _ and oomplained of the whispering and tittle tattling that went on before the beginning of the services. The Rev. G. Raykkr did hot believe in ap proaching God in a shivering and trembling manner, and deprecated the introduction of unnaturalness in the attitude of the congrega tion. _ He liked worship to be human and beautiful. Mr. F. Babey and the Revs. Dr. Jeffeeis, C. Manthorpe, and T. Kyte also spoke, and Mr. Lenton was thanked. PERILS OF YOUTH. Mr. J. J. Virgo follov^d with a pointed paper on "The perils and safeguards _of youth." Ho instanced many dangers which affected the young, inoluding the spread of pernicious literature and lack of parental control. He laid special stress on the gambling evil, aud protested against the legalization of the totalizator, quoting the utterances of many publio men on this subject, and extracts from leading articles in The Register, Advertiser, and Sunday Times, and the special article which recently appeared in The Register on gambling. Mr. Virgo could not see how, in faco of the unfavourable criticisms passed -on tho evil by the local daily papers, such a lot of space was devoted to sporting, nor could ho understand why the results of the races were posted on boards. Ho referred to the responsibilities aud possibili ties of the Sunday- school teacher in moulding the character of the young, and advised caution in any public action which was taken against the perils which affected them. It was no use approaching tho authorities in such a manner that no hope of any good resulting , could be entertained. Several'deputations had \ waited on tho Government, but while he appreciated the motive, the lock of organiza tion was apparent to him. They must first create a healthy public sentiment, and muoh pood could be wrought by tho individual Christian life, while family worship was of immense value. Above all was tho influence which should be brought to bear on ohildren by parents, who could effect much which was beyond the powers of any institution. A sympathetic discussion followed, and Mr. Virgo was accorded tho hoarty thanks of the Union. Tho discussion led to the following RESOLUTIONS being unanimously passed, tho first one on the motion of the Rev. Joseph Robertson, seconded by the Rev. C. IIooilE— That this Council deplores the onormous extent to which the curse of gambling has grown in this community. It protests against the legalizing of gambling by the Totalizator Act, and attributes much of tho evil to that cause. It urges on all the importance of using every means possible to stem the terriole torrent of this evil, ami to be ready to support every elf opinion on tho subject, and when an opening may arise to help any undertaking for altering the present state of things; and that a copy of this resolution be forwarded to tbo Government. The Rev. J. ,G. Kirby moved, aud the Rev. T. Kyte seconded, the following resolution, which was carried— That the Government be requested to induce the Legislature to pass a law giving the police power to oblige parents to remove their children under tho age of fourteen years from the streets after an hour to be fixe-1, if una'.tended. A letter was read from Mr. J. H. Sinclair, President of the Christian Endeavour Union, asking for consideration of tho advis ableneesof a union of the various Christian organizations in Adelaide, by way of a com mittee, with a vie w to concerted action in order to abolish the totalizator and effect reforms in Sunday- closing, temperance education, aud sooial purity. A motion was carried at the instance of Dr. Jefferis, secondod by Mr. J. J. Vihgo, affirming that it. would be unadvisable to create a new organization since the Council of Churches is already charged with this im portant duty. Tho Rev. J. W. Platt questioned the advisableneBs of passing the first two resolu tions, and was proceeeding to give his reasons when tho Chairman ruled him out of order because no motion was before the meeting. Mr. Piatt—" Well, I don't wish to be a resolution-monger, but if the Chair is against me of oourse I collapse." The valuable services of the Rev. W. S. Fernio, who is about to leave the colony, wore placed ou record. Tho annual meeting was held at Stow Church in the evening, when tho Rev. W. P. Jones prosidod over a large attendance. The Rev. T. Hope read the report of the Executive Committee, which has already been dealt with in our columns. Tho Rev. G. Rayner gave a twenty-minutos' address on "Congregationalism," in which his rhetoric and sentiments wore listened to with equal pleasure. The most important need of their Churches was the baptism of the Holy Ghost, not in a ripple, but in a flood. A soft wave broke musically on the shore, but think of tho great ocean behind it, and what power for good had a man swept forward by tho mighty tides of the spirit of God. They needed to make progress, and there must be joy in the bhurchos, which would result from a fulness of the Spirit of God. Tho Rev. Joseph Robertson said that tho world and Church owed more than they could tell to the formative power and inspir ing influence of a noble sontimont, and every one ought to have a love, a religion, a country to die for. The importance of good citizenship had beon much emphasized of late, and he was glad to see that tho Eudeavourers were being indoctrinated with its principles. Much had been said about the right of tho bhurch to discuss that matter, but recent events in this city made them feel glad that the public conscience was to bo regarded, and illustrated the truth that wickedness was weakness. Good citizonship depended on piety, and ho contended that the Church had a right to take part in the building of tho nation, because upon its influence largely depended tho joy and prosperity of the people. How could they live better than to 6orvo Christ and tho community? During the evening the Stow Church choir, under Mr. James Shakespeare, rendered special music, which included the chorus "The glory of the Lord," from "The Messiah," and the solo "Comfort ve," snug by Mr. Doley; solo, "Eternal rest," by Miss Jessie Syine; the anthem "O, Saviour of the World ;" and the anthem "Whoso dwellotb,"in which Miss Gluyaa took the boIo part. During the meetings the Y.M.C.A. .Rooms have been placed at the disposal of the dele gates, and the consideration of the manage ment has been appreciated. 