A GHOST IN THE LAW COURT. One of the most celebrated Asstzo cases arose out of a murder committed ia Warwickshire. A farmer, on his return from the market at Sautham, was raurdcrod. A man went tbe next morning tobis wife, sad inquired ifhtr butband came home tbo evening before. 15 bo replied nc, and that she wus uuder tho utmost anxiutf and terror on that coconut. Ytiur terror, said he, cannob equal mine, for lust night, ss 1 lay in my bod, quite awake, thu apparition of yuur hus band appeared to me, showed mu savers! stabs in bisbooy, tuld oio uo hod been murdered by such a person, and his catcare thrown into such a marl pit. The alarm was givuo, tbe pit eearebod, tho body found, tlio wounds answered the description of tbein. Tbo man whom the ghost had accused was apprehended, and com mitted ou a violcut suspicion ef uiurder. His trial oame on at Warwick before the Lord Chief Justice Raymond, when the Jury would have convicted, as rashly as tho Justice of the Peace bad committed him, had net tbe Judge checkod thcr/n lie uUdrcaeod himself iu words tn this purpose : 'I think, gentlemen, you soetn inclined to lay morn utress en tbe evideuoe of an upparition.thiai it will bear. I cuuuot say that 1 give enucb credit to these kind of stories ; but, be tbut as it will, we hu7e no tight to follow our own private opinum here ; we aro now iu a Court of Law, and must determine acoording to it ; and I know nat of acy luw uow in being wbioh will admit of tbo tcstlmsny oE an apparition ; nor >et«ifit did, doth the ghost appear .to give evidence. Crier," said bo, 44 call thn ghost!" which was tbricc done, but to no purpose. It appeared uot, 41 Guutlomen of the jury,1 con tinued tho judge, 44 the prisoner at the bar, as you have .hoard, by undeniable .witnesses is a mun of unblemished character ; nor hath it appsarcd, iu tbe course of tho examination, that thero was any manner of quarrel or grudge be- twasu him aad the party doctored. I do verily bulieve him to be perfectly innocent ; and, as there is uo evidence against hia, either positive or ciscuustantia), be must be acquitted. But from oircum&tuuces; which have ariseu durisg the trial, I do strongly suspect tbe geatlemau whu saw tbe apparition wss himself the mur derer, iu wbioh esse bo might easily ascertain tbo pit, tbe stalls, &o.;, without any supernatural assistance ; and ou such eurpicion I shall think myself justified in committing him to close custody, till tho matter otn bo further inquired iuto." This wes immediately dene, snd » warrant granted far aanrohinfr hia bona, whan suchstroug proofs of guilt appeared .gainst biro, tbst be eonfessctt ' tba murder, and iras teutouced to bo executed at tils next assizes. . . 