E QtTORN MERC ACURIOUS CALL. JA small well-furnished dra wing-room in Mayfair. Katherine Rochester, cidevant wife of George Rochester, is seated, alone, before the fire on a winter's afternoon.] Katherine R. (musing): So it's jnst a year since 1 severed my matrimonial bonds, and got rid of my husband for ever! How time flSes!- It doesn't seem a year since I became a widow. Nay, I'm not that: what am I then? Surely neitlier fish, flesh, nor fowl: an ambiguous position indeed! Perhaps I wa-» foolish to appeal to the law for my release. but I did it in a lit of temper." and must abide by the decision. OB. I liafS great provocation! Ir wasn't m> much his little peccadilloes—I could have condoned them in time, perhaps:, wise wives sometimes must, and I was so much older than lie was. No. it was-the abominable way in which he deserted me—as goes the phrase—that really brought matters to a crisis. Leaving me alone, week after week, month srfcer month, to do what I liked, spend what money I pleased—though, to be sure:, it was al! mv own—without even writing ff line to ask if I were dead or alive. Stay. I'm wrong: he did telegraph once from Norway to me: "Please send photo: almost forgotten what you're like." Monstrous! and so ungrateful, too. when all the time I was making Mm such a liberal allowance. I oilglir to have stopped it. but I hoped my paltry generosity might bring him to his- i i senses—soften him. perhaps—but it ; didn't: aud I never saw him for two [ ; whole years until that morning iu court —and then I wished I hadn't doue itbur it was too late. Some of my married friends used to envy me rathertold me I was a lucky woman, aud' a* fool to make a fuss. But I married for companionship. I wanted someone to ralk at—I mean <0 talk to; someone to fuss when I didn't feel well. Nerves? Of course I've got nerves, and then lie said I made scenes, and drove him from his home. If I have a sensitive nature, he should have soothed, not irritated me: sat with my hand iu liis. stroked 1 my hair, listened to all I had to say without answering: humored me: coaxed me. instead of rushing out of the house aud slamming the hall door after him. That wasn't the way to treat me! Yet not such a bad fellow, after all. Good-looking, young, cheery, easygoing—that was it—too easy! g.>ing everywhere without me. But I've punished him—at least. I hope I have. His pocket must feel the difference, if his heart doesu't. I wonder what has become of him? Always abroad. I suppose. I'm not likely to hear much more about him. I never see any of his friends—they don't seem to call — nobody seems to call much—now. (Yawning.* It's dull work having only the servants to scold. (A servant appears carrying a small salver on Avhieh lies a visiting card). Servant: A lady wishes to see you. ma'am: Katherine R. (brightening up): Thank goodness for some one! (Sharply.) Well, where is she? What have you done with her? Servant: Here is the lady's card, ma'am. She wouldn't come up until she knew if you would see her. Katherine R.: Dear me. Avliat a mystery! (Reads the card.) "Mrs George Rochester." What's this? A joke, or my ghost? (Suddenly illuminated.) The wretch has married again —this is his new wife ! Servant (impassively): Shall I show the lady up, ma'am? Katherine R.: Certainly not — stayyes. I will see her. (Servant disappears.) I must see what she's like. How do I look? I'm sure my nose is red. (Takes up a hand-mirror, extracts a • i : ; ; i j ; powder-puff from her pocket, and tones down the acerbities of her nose). But to come here — I declare" it's liardly decent: what can she want? I only hope I shall be aWe to keep my tongue under control. (Servant reappears, and announces "Airs Rochester." The regnant Mrs Rochester—Mabel bv name — advances shyly.) ' $ Mabel R. (timidly): Mrs Rochester. I believe? Katherine R.: That is—that was (defiantly Of course, that is my name. (To herself*: Why, she's a mere girl, and how lovely! Mabel R. (nervously): You know who I am? (Katherine R. flicks the card affirmatively.) I trust—I am sure—I hope you win pardon the liberty I have taken in calling upon you so unceremoniously; but the fact is—I wanted to cousult you —if TOU will kindly allow me to do so Katherine It. (to herself): He's been at 'his oM tricks: poor little soul! (Aloud.) ; Won't you sit <To>wn? (They sir.) Mabel' R.: The object of" my visit is i about—concerns—your—no my <Falters arnd' blushes.) Katherine R. (aggressively : Why : not say "our" husband at once? By the ; way. haw long have you been married? ' Mabefi R.: Two months. We have just jcome back from (blushing again) our ; honeymoon. Katherine R_ (ironically) : Together. Mabel' R. (surprised 1 : Why. yes. We are always together. KatMrlme R. ; He never leaver you alone—for houirs t Mabel R. : OEL. no. He wouldn't tli-eam of sucfe a thing. Katlte-rme (between her teeth) •: Wait I (Aloud 1 ) But. really, I fail to see how these accounts of bridal Miss can possibly finterest me? Mabel R. {uncomfortably rememberrag certain off George's confidences concerning a former honeymoon) : No. of coarse- not. It wasn't to talk of that I tame Katrlnfrine R. (cuttingly) : Thank you! Mabel R. r Itcrt I wanted to know before settling down—we have just-taken a tiny house in Kensington—to learn something about dear George's tastes. Katherine R. (to herself) : Is she a fool, or is she trying to bt insolent ? (Alood) I fear I am hardly the right person to give yon the information you desire. Maliel R. : Oh! but I am sure you are —for (naively) he tells me you were with him for over three years. Katherine R. (fiercely) : He discusses me in the same way as he does his cook! Mabel R. (precipitately) : Oh. 110! Please don't think that fm- a moment. You're not the least bit alike—quite, quite different. Cook is young, nicelooking. aud so good-tempered 1 . Oh. dear, what have I said": I didn't meaa to be rude, but you look at me so strangely : I wish I hada't com*-; it w as only for his sake (floundering ©ui, but I 1 fancied that during a three years ; visit Katherine R. (lauglsiug sa rdome.-itlv.;:. "Yisit" is good. Mabel Ii. : I should have said residence with a person, you d<» get to ktw>w something about r?iem. don't y..n? Katherine Ii. (srnnlyi; Y«ni htdeed ! Mabel li. : That's jti*t it. ami (hesitates). Katherine R. : Aud so you iia ve called upon me to ask for the chanu-rer r.f George Rochester (deprecating movement of Mal>el). Oh. pray don'r apologise!—it was very prudent of you to do so. Forewarned is forearmed. Well, as he canvasses me as he would a servant. I told yon that your husband prefers the society of other women to that of his! own wife; riuc h* l> indifferent to UHY, FRIDAY, J her welfare, careless of lier happiness : > that when she f* m and depressed he is J inconsiderately cheerful ; when she is nervous, he is noisy; when, she lectures, he laughs: when sb<? weeps', he whistles —(warming to her topic)—thai when she wants one thing-, lie wants a wot her; when she says "don't," he says "shall;" when she says 'won't." he says ""will" —that be cannot bear tare- slightest: contradiction—that he absolutely insists upon being master in lis* own house, upon giving his orders, having his way, and if his wife attempts to argue with hint—to thwart him—to assert lier indV pendeney of thought aud action, that he goes off. and leayes lier to herself for two whole years. What would you say if I told vou that? (Pulls tap breathless.) .Mabel IS. (somewhat overwhelmed by this av.'iIsiMrhe of verbiage) : Why— really I think—I should say it was the fault of Ms wife. Karherfin? R. (taken aback): ^Vliat? (To heiseW>: She means to insuil' nie ; but 1 will kstfar her out. (Aloud. :.«»seating hersef): Now. I am ready to Listen to you, 3&)ibel R-; J wti't detain yoir rery long:. I have- made .1 list of <iie f»pestiom* I stiKMi&l;! like to ask: you wiU! be quite candle}: Avirli me. won't you? (»?rod'tK-es a diainty little earner from liner muff. 1' Ka&ierfne-; R.: Oil. qnlte ' t l'o Herself)-: Hasn't sine- beard enough? WUat more can- she wa ut? Mabeii R. (consul ring her note-booLI*-. Let me see^-olx yes—tiiis is rather m- porta 115— he- got Katliertjj" R_ (quit-klv): More tliasl likely . Malj-it 3S.. (ro- buerself Dither): Appetite ill-. tQie- inwroirag? WlteM has becofue of my breafefast menu? Ah. here it is. Does- he- lake I&itiieriuw-; R, (c-sittimg: 5s»: Everything be ought iiof to Mabel Kid : mieyf»? ! Katherme 1{_ (gaspiragV: Kidneys! Mattel- prattling oirt: For break-; fasKi. I! inetsai Tltey ,<*WJI a help, and : quite- digestiihie ff they're well done, (rivindtiiamma always uswl to say that tlie wa-y to ® naaa's I«eaut is through his :moutli ;.aad! copied) unt;t» a book such ja- quantity »t" nice receipts, if he only ;lilies-them—Ikufl that's wtot I wanted to j titid- out- for it's no good giving him : tilings-he won't eat, is 5fc? Katlierihe R. (not knowing quite where siie iSH:r No. I sujupose not. Mabel: R.. "itaaiking Doiesj: Yes. kidneys. you saafl! I think. I'll put them down. Now., eggs. How dloes he like eggs? P$acb<3di or pfctcm boiled? Katliemie K_ {losing S**r head): Oh. poached!—bofledi—pla im-«'#»fored. Mabel' R'. (seriM>Bng> : Tltemk you so much. New for taiciV. I fliuve a wonderful receipp for hashing cold mutton to make it"taste like yenlsoa. I shall give him that: sometimes, shall I? Oh. puddings—d&es; he like puiMings? Katherriie-R. (wildly): Yes. Puddings, pies, tarts (Stops abruptly). Mabel'11:: Cair freeat sbdl'-fisli ? Crabs? Now. liow dbes he like tfrem dressed ? Katherine R. (distractedly): Oh. overdressed; ftilMtessed: anyfm-w. (To herself): r shall scream directly. Mabel R: (continaing calml^f: No% dinner is-the-most serious iwea-l in a man's day. Entrees will be my chief difficulty, for we-shall be- qtrite poor. But I think that sweet breads, sometimes with a white sauce.- sometimes with a brown gravy, will'be qufre safe to order, don't you?—(Katiierfne R.. nods helplessly)— and'a vol-aii'vent n©<vvand ifflen. if he eats pastry; Ali! al»out sweets. Katherine R - .: None. Sweets were not in my liiie. lie said. Mabel R." (recognising a rF.-vn<rer signal): Oh. yes. of "course: men- never eat sweets, do they? rliey prefer savories. Perhaps you could give me some Wiirs about savories? . * Katlierine R. (rallying her scattered senses): Mrs Rochester, my iiiTsband and I seldfmi dined" toother. T know little or nothing of "liis likes a nif dislikes. Perhaps (bitterly) iff had" studied them, as you are doing: my meals might have been less lonely; Mabel R. (liurryingon nervously): Ah. now!' There-is just one- more thing I want to ask you: if f may. Does he suffer from coid feet at night? For I spend a great deal or my time in knitting, and could" make liim sucli warm, comfortable. cosy socks if he worrt'd" wear them. Katlierine R". (unnerved' for the moment): I "told you that my husband and I seldom-— MAbem. (naively): Yes: dined together. Katlierine R.: But it was the same thing all day long. CrmT: you understand? (Breaking down). Oh. child, child, why wasn't T like you? (Painful pause. Mabel R. goes softly up to the sofa where Karherine R. is rocking herself: and' takiss-frer hand)." Mabel R. : Don't cry. don't cry! It"s done -now. Kath'erihe R". (hysterically): But I did it. T'was obliged'to db if. That seems the cruel part. Mab'el R. (gently): Ouz-fives are in our own liand?!.- to make or to mar. Forget the past :• try to took forward to the future. Kaih'erihe R.: (pullfug- herself together).: You deserve a better fate. Mabel R:: ITiish!'you mustn't say that. I have cliosen. and' T think—well. Kath'erfhe R.: You're a good woman. Mabel' R'.: Sb are- yorp—or I should not have come to see you. Katherine R.: G'ood? Yes. what the world'fiom-its platPum- of respectability calls "gt»r»d." Oh. yes. good enough in one sense. If I had 1 been as some of my friend?' are—I' might not have done it —t migiit have left Mm to do it. Bitf: you-see. I'never wa-s attractive. Oeorgrmarried" me for my money, that l>e_Mn the• mischief': and" tlte-it—then—I have-.-t terrible temper. I' ca-n'r pompier ir. I tned: but I can't. Mabel' R'. (most p-rrfriilly): Poor, unhappy woman! Katlierine R.: Yes. that's what I am. ^Passionately.) But he had no right to trea r me a-s he <TitL «>Sriy it—tell do pity me? Mrtl'-el IT.:- (looking into her hard: riiiu face): Yes. I' do pity you. (Movenu-nr of K':stheriiie Tt'i. But on vonr acconnr. is<*r his. Katherine R.: Bnr still you must ttflnvit Mubel R. r I admit nothing-• aga-'as; li-im—I 1'ovc Mm. Km heri'ne Ft.: So d-• I. Slater R.r Xot as I do. Katherine- R. ("after a sn-itiirli-ir Will vou kiss rut 1 ? Mal'iel If-: Why not!- There- tVheerfullyi. do you feel better now? See. it's five o-Vloek. and quite dark: I' must iro. George will expecting me. Katherine It.: As I nsed tfr expect him—lvtfr he never <-;uin\ MalH^I B. (imimlsivelyV: Ah! if you liad be-haved differently; But yo« made his life so—^ Katherine R.: MisombleV <»ut wi!!i it! Well. I suppose I did. Now run awav. What is yonr natiiix 3I:'ibel R-: 5Iabel. Karherin<* II.: Rum away. Mabel, and make his life happy. Mabel K.: I mean to try. Good-bye! Katherine R.: Good-bye! She riiu* the bell, jjoes with lier visitor to tne door, and looks after her retreating figure 1: Poor, simple little thinjr! Fevhap> those sort of women make rue best wives, after all. (Shuts the ttoor : shivers slightly: stirs the tile: asm't. with lior feet 011 the fender, looks Qnwii iiu-> the blazer I ^-oiulcr.' if" I t<. through IT all again, wherlv-r 1 should have "belmv-.\ '?.iSerentlv." v \ \\\v>U{?,e:' ' ? 