THE STORYTEiolsER BBONCHO IKE- (BY GILBERT FLOTD.) Broncho IJte was indeed the most remark* able man we had ever met with outside the yellow cover of a sixpenny novel. According to his own rendering of hie life, his experiences, and himself, his gaudy leather binding contained most of the heroes of the world's fiction squeezed down into one man as Mr. Stead is accustomed to squeeze half-acrown's worth of literature into a penny pamphlet. We met bim at the solitary bar of Blue Bain, a picturesque mining village situated somewhere in the north-east corner of the far west. He said he was a barrister, since his •word was law in Blue Bnin. He seemed to be the chief supporter of Hooligan's Saloon, Indeed, by the other four men and the Chinaman who formed the rest of the population of Blue Buin, it was often remarked that when Broncho Ike ceased to lean agaipst Hooligan's doorpost, Hooligan House would fall down like a pack of cards. Why we were riding a bicycle in the neighborhood of Blue Buin, U.SA, is a question that concerns only ourself, and the makers of the lightest, most graceful, and most unrideable of American wheels. Suffice it to say that ouis was the first wheel to spurn tha dust between the two cabins and tne watering trough that formed the High street of that riBing mining town. We left the bicycle to assist ia the np holding of Hooligan House, surrounded by an admiring crowd of two men and a Chinese heathen. Inside, we found Broncho Ike and Hooligan. Covering us with a six-shooter of fearsome appearance, the first-named bade us drink with him. We drank, under condition that we were allowed the honor of paying the reckoning Hooligan reassuringly informed us that this somewhat abrupt form of hospitality was only " Ike's fun. Needless to say we saw the joke at once. We had not bad time to discover that Ike's cix-shooter was as harmless as a feedingbottle, since Blue Bnin had run out of ammunition years before. It was all as real as a scene from an Adelphi drams. We seated ourself on an exceedingly un< comfortably keg and sipped the most villainous peg of whiskey it had ever been our lot to encounter, liquor more deadly by far than Ike's glittering armoury which he nursed nonchalantly across his knee, what time he began to tell us all about himself after the fashion of some soliloquising scoundrel ol the Surrey side. He was the terror of the West, he informed us, as he chanted the saga of his deedB of derring-do. From the crown of his greasy sombrero to the high-spurred heels of his sewerman's boots he was tough—tough as whip-cord. He revelled in variegated crime, from highway robbery to card-sharping, from technical assault to murder. Blood, to bis serves of steel, was as so much red ink to men of ordinary stamp. In fact, he wallowed in gore. By way of being business-like and methodical in his accounts, he told us, he had started to pull a hair from his head for every man he killed. He was obliged to abandon this method of book-keeping, however, since within the space of a month he started to go bald. The mountains sank at his approach, and the little rivers started to run up-hill when they saw him coming—he told us. Hooligan winked, and we had some more whiskey. Bide 1 He had ridden everything on four legs, from an elephant to a koodoo. His feme as a horseman was bounded on the north by the Pole, on the south by the Straits of Magellan, on the east by the At' lantic, and on the west by nothing that exists between Sau Francisco aud the South Pacific, going by way of London. Would the stranger have another drink? delicately inquired Broncho Ike at this point. We changed another dollar. Tes, he reckoned he was the holiest terror on horseback the world had ever seen s'nce the Centaur was a boy or a colt. We passed outside to view the bicycle. Ike allowed that it was the first bicycle that he had ever seen, although he had heard of things called velocipedes, which hitherto he had always thought were a species of domesticated tarantula. He gaeed upon the novel machine with an air of ill-suppressed contempt. He had an idea that the pedals were driven by handpower, while the stomach of the rider reBted on the saddle, a most inconvenient arrangement, he explained to the crowd, for gentlemen whose social standing necessitates an easy carriage of liquor and free access to the pistol-pocket. For his edification we rode for a short time up and down the highway. Fired by a spirit of emulation he allowed that cycle riding was the most simple affair in the world. He would ride our bicycle right straight away. For the sake of our machine we would have remonstrated, but we were restrained by a warning flourish of Ike's armoury and the threatening attitude of the inhabitants, whose faces lighted up with the prospect of the forthcoming circus-show. By way of preparation, Ike leaped into the air, and cracking his vermilion-painted heels together gave forth an appalling Apache war-wbeop. He allowed that that would show the gol-darned skeleton what sort of a man he was. Having cautiously tied up the head of the machine with oft-repeated bindings of bis lariat, he led it out into the centre of the highway. Whereupon the Chinese heathen clambered np to the roof of Hooligan House that he micrht witness the fun in safety. Dnring the first round the four inhabitants laughed till tears of pure joy ran down their faces. With a hideous yell Ike seised the lariat and the peak of the saddle, endeavouring to surprise the eteed of steel by a sudden dash for his ssat. The manoeuvre resulted in a cropper of the most complicated description. There was a loud crasb, whilst for a second Ike's spnrs glistened in the air above a cloud of dust. Then a dull thud, accompanied by a deep ex clamation of disgust. Broncho Ike, the victor of a thousand equine battles, had found a steed worthy of his steel. Detaching his left spur from his ear, he lifted the machine from the ground and surveyed it with newborn respect. " Wal I If that don't lick the inside out of an unbacked steer, I'm a Dutchman i" he remarked. "He, that's broke a bison to harness an' ridden a wild ostrich bareback, to be worsted by a misbegotten ve-locepede I Never let it be said that Broncho Ike, who can stick to any four-legged critter in creation, can't get the better of two wheels that can't even kick 1" He leaned the machine against the watering trough, and retired for the space of a few yards. Then he spat on his hands, and, taking a short run, vaulted npatly into the machine— which as neatly pitched him into the trough. Rising, like a second Aphrodite, from his watery course, Ike seized the machine once more, attemptisg to swarm in over the handlebars, grabbing the rat-trap pedals with his hnnds, and giving forth strange noises of encouragement and coercion. Another crash resulted. The wiry Pegasus jibbed backward, and Ike was propelled violently through the one window of the Hooligan House. For four desperate hours the struggle continued. The front tyre of the machine was punctured by the spokes it had shed in the fearsome conflict, while the wooden rims were twisted out of all semblance to the dainty wheel of which they bad originally formed part. There was a gigantic gash in the back tyre through which the inner tube protruded in an ominous bladder. Day had given place to glorious night as, with his face bedawed with blood and perspiration, Ike raised himself after a violent throw, for the closing scene of mortal conflict. Once more his spurs sparkled, reversed in the moonlight, as the undaunted crock hurled him shrewdly to the earth. The back tyre burst simultaneously, with a loud report. Ike rose no more. We ran to him and lifted his drooping head from the dust. His eyes were dim, and wild in expression. "Hold me up, boys, I'm dyin'l" he murmured. " Broncho Ike is done for I If I'd only knowed the blamed critter carried a gun —if I'd only knowed I" His head rolled forward, and he spoke no more. We laid him in the road. The dust drifted over his stiffening corpse. The inhabitants of Blue Buin adjourned to Hooligan House to discuss the strange happening. Had Ike died of his injuries—or of a broken heart ? Had he given up the ghost at the crack of an imaginary 2un ? The problem remained unsolved, whilst outside the white face of Broncho Ike was turned reproachfully to the moon. The terror of the Wild West had met his match in the new-fangled steed of the effete East And the cold, sorrowful face of the moon looked down pityingly on this tke last victim of civilisation —" The Cycle," 