voctor Spencer's Ureat Orime. Swas |t iloqg in my oisce, halt dozing over nn ihnteriuietable artiole on nutrition in the :rl ast medical review. The fire in the grate * wa low, the night was stormy,and the clock was just on the stroke of eleven. I v~as about to turn off the gas and retire, for,; being o bachelor, I slept in the room conneoted with my offioe, when there was a pull at the t'ell. I started up soddenly, for this was something quite new. , Middlobury was a decorous sort of place, and the people usually managed to be taken aiph at easoonable hours. Old Mrs. Jerome had been threatening to die far the past five yeare, and every time I visited her sebo solemnly informed me that when the de. eialve momsaet did come she desired me present. But as nothing ailed the old lady beyond now and theo an n digestion, from too high living, I had never yet boon called upon to be present at her death. Now, I tbought, it must be that old Mrs. Jerome is going. I took op my night lamp and went to the door. A gust of strong, damp sleet wind easily extinguished the light, bhat, shading It with my hand, I discerned the faoo of a woman. "Como in," I said, holding open the door. .She declined with a gesture of im. patieonce. "You must come out, and be quick about It,' sh said, in sharp, decisive voice. I put on my overcoat without demure, looked the surgery door, and stepped into the storm, As I did to the woman laid a firm -iand on my arm, and putting her face loes S to mine, said : DDoctor Loekwood, can you keep a secret Y" * I think so, madam." SSwear it." "Is this secret cf yours of a professional b'lareaterl That it, is it anything you wish to confide in me as a medical man I" " It is." "Very weall, then, I swear it." "That is tigbt." A man respects an oath, though why he should is a mystery, Since men's mouths are running over with them, " Whither are you ::king me, and for what purpose ?" "To the Clifton House to seo iihe mistress,' was the reply. I started. Clifton House was the old mansion recently taken by Doctor Spencer,a stranger to every. one in Middlebury. Spencer wan a tall, dark, rather distingue:hed looking person, who had hung out his sign in the village only a few doors above mine, but as yet he had no practice. Ils was unsocitble in the extreme, avoiding his neighbore persistently, and when ,'hi did speak it was in so curt, half savage a 'way that no one was likely to prolong the cunversation. The doctor had a wife, it was said, but no one had over seen her. She was an invalid, and Mices Melrose, a friend of the family, presided over the hones, and sat at the head of the table. Biss Melrose was very beauti. ll., and won the admiration of all who visited Clifton HONse by her cease of manner and fascinating conversation. "As we walk aloong, let me explain to you just what is necessary for you to know. My mistress is very ill," said my companion. "I beg your pardon-is it MIs. Spencer or Miss Melrose ?" She laughed bitterly. " Miss Melrce I I would stab her to the heart Sooner than own her for a mistress. My mistress is a lady-noble, royal and of gentle birth. It is an honor to serve her." "And is she ill? How long since?" " Ever since she married him-oors him I" she muttered, in a fiercer tone. "But I must not get excited. I must tell my story, or rather here. Two years ago, through the desire of her dying father, Alice Hendon be. came James Spencer's wife. Before that she was a healthy, blooming girl; immediately after their marriage she began to fail. Do you see anything strange in that?" "Not necessarily." "Let me enlighten you further. Doctor Spenucer w as t one time engaged to Miss 'Lucille Melrose, but be broke the engage meat, and married mymistressinstead. Miss Melrose was as poor as Job's turkey. Miss Hleedon was an heiress, and Doctor Spencer was deeply in debt and hard pressed by his ereditore. Do you ree anything strange in that?" " Perhaps so, Go on." " When my mistress married Spencer she was only seventeen, and had been taught to obey her father in everything. She was a pentle, affectionate child, and it would have been easy for Spencer to have won her love, But he did not care for that. It paid his .debts and bought him fast horses ; it set his table with nice and costly dishes, and put it it his power to keep blies Melrsose robed like a queen. And all this time my mistress has been slowly but surely sinking and look you, Doctor Lockwood, I think she is not dying of disease, but of "-she lowered her voice to a whisper as she spoke the. word "peison I" " Tmpossible I Thisis a grave charge." " Of poison given her by her husband, who, at her death will have the sole controlof her property and be free to marry Miss Melrose. There id no time to explain the details of the tbousand and one ciroomstance which has led me to believe it, for we are almost at the doer. It is never the case that Miss Melrose rand Spencer are out the houlse at the same time, or I should have called a physician be. fore; but to-night they are both called away .by the death of Miss Melrose's sister, and will not be back until tomorrow. With the reen*nt of my mistress I oame for you, and oh, D.ctor Lockwood, I pray you save her. I cnrped her when her mother died and left her a helpless Infant; all through her innocent youth she was like an own child to me ; and now tonse her fading hourly before my eyes I Great Ileaven I If I knew beyond a doubt thbrt he was guilty, his life should pay the .I was already beginning to feel a deep interest in Mrs. Spencer, although I had Sever seen her, and like her own nurse I was beginning to feel a deep animosity fozDolorer Speneer. Mtrs. Spencer received me In her bed. i chamber. It was on the second floor, and was turbished with exqulsitieleganoe. Everything intlhe room boespoke the refined taste of the ocioupant. The warm air was fragrant with the 'odor of hellotrope, and glsinlog around I saw the purple blossoms and green leaves'in an ilebaler vase an the edge of the south Sh'o was a woman who, one seen, could nee"r he forgotten. I have met in my lifeo any a beautiful womaitn, b it never one so belaly. Shewas sabll and straight, with a puroly vtea lace, liquid brown eyes, and a taish ul he0tic In her eheek which Is not seon in iealth,. Bhe reoelved me granefully, as I know she did every one, and though there was a slight embarrasement in her manner when I poske of her llnses, shb answered my profeleao d inquiries without hesita. As lor myself, I laid aside all false delloney and qerstionoed iher plainly as to her symrup. Loms. hIr. Ilurd, the nurse, remained in the room, and added masoy important items ol inlformation, When she spoke of bher husland It was with a sori of hopelses sadness owhich dlstressed me greatly, Nfut a breath ol suspicion agalast hlhn was In her answers to my ques. tiars, and I felt sure that at present she kosw nothing of such eariuls apprehen. alone. I was gladit was so, for, with her finely. struog organisatlon It might ihas produced serious results. I made iy erlamnlatlon ol abthe patient as closely as I could, and drew my own uoncluesens. I nclld have sworn thati Mrs. Spencer daily swvlluwed arsealo In small qunntitles, and the deadly drug was selling on her consltiutlo. She said, answeringelu my qiietlons, that she had no physicinn excviit her husband. It Ihought hliaeol l ttiler a'lusinlted w lilh her ease, and therefore boileer ,i,.liied t0 treat her, [Ie never ift m edihlin tfor her t taLke I1 et always brought it frnou ile ollau and dmlslllwaed it IromlotlI. Tbere wal ltilh I eould cl suoh a ouiee n~·. l Anxious to do everytng, onme very circus stances of the tifair loft me nearly powerless. A charge of snoh nature, of course, I could not make against Doctor Spencer without the proof. If I hinted a usplicion everyone would oelt it down to my professional pra judien; and if I could not substantiate my statement the doctor could make me pay dearly for such a slander uttered againlt him. The only dependence seemed to be in Mrs. Hurd. To her I unbosomed myself freely. [I told her without reserve that I thought Dr. Spencer wasoe killing hie wife by slow poison, and I besought her to constantly watch to save the victim, and discover some proof by which we can fasten the guilt on her hue. hand. She smiled grimly and promised obedience, and I gave her a powerful antidote for the poison I euspected, and went home perturbed and anxious in mind. I did not sleep that night, and all the next day I was in a high fevor of excitement. A ring at the bell made me tremble-a step on the gravel out. side my oflloo stopped my breath, and I hardly knew what I expected to hear. I felt sure that I should hear something before I slept, And now I must toll the story as it was told to me. Doctor Spencer returned home the morning after my visit to the Clifton House. He looked wretchedly, the nurse said; appeared gloomy and depressed. Miss Melrose came with him, anud looked decorously sad over the death of her sister. Women of her stamp always do mourn to perfection. They neither overdo or underdothe thing, as women of feeling are likely to do. Doctor Spencer came at once to his wife's chamber. ieo thought that she looked ill, and prescribed a cordial at once, saying he would go and fetch it. " You are alaays ordering cordials for her," said lire, Hlud, musingly. " Why not take somethlog yourself You look like a ghost I" Doctor Spencer eyed her keenly, but replied oomoosedly: " think I will :sake some of the cordial myself, for T do not feel quite well. Alioe dear, shall I bring it here and drink your health 1" Mres. Spencer smiled sadly in accent--he neverdieputed her husband-and lie went out. Presently he returned withtwoglassaces. Both contained liquor colorless and odorless. Mrs. Hurd was watching him with her heart in her throat, for she told moe that she felt the decisive moment had come. There was something in the grey pallor of the doctor's rigid face that told tier of a deeper. ate purpose in the man's soul. He lifted the glass to the right of the tray and gave it to his wife. " Drink it, dear," he said. "It's a panacea for all evils. 1 am also going to take a glass of it," and hbe pointed to the glass still on the tray. Mrs. Spenoer accepted, and was putting it to ler lips when Mrs, HLrd interrupted. " If you will bring her a tumbler of water, doctor. Mrs. Spencer complains that the cordial leaves a bad tastolin her mouth, and my old.bones are so full of rheumatiem that it nearly kills mete go down stairs." The doctor turned and bent on her a look as though he meant to read her through. But she kept her face passive. If he had any suspicions her manner quieted them, and putting down the glass he left the room. Then lirs. Hurd changed the position of the glosses. Whenhe came back-and he was gone but a moment-the norse stood exactly where he had loft her, and Mrs. Spencer was lying back in her chair with her eyes closed. Again he lifted the glass-this time it was the one intended for himself-and placed it at the lips of his wife. She swallowed the contents, drank a little of the water he brought her, and thanked him in her sad, sweet way. "Now for my own cordial," he said, with aflected gaiety. "I indulge in something stronger." As he spoke he tossed off the mixture. " It made me stone cold to my fingers' ends to see him do it," said lirs. Hurd, re. lating the circumstance to me, "but as Heaven Is my witness I felt no consoiencs. I argued like this: ' If it was simply cordial, It would do no harm; it it was poisen, his blood would be upon his own sinful head."' He went to bed half an hour afterward, complaining of fatigue. In the morning they found him dead. I was called to the Ptortmrteve eoxamination, and we discovered In the stomach of the deceased a sufficien quantity of a deadly poison known to modern soeience to kill half a dosen men. My brother physicians agreed that the man was insans, and had probably taken the doso in one of his unsettled fits of mind. I did not dispute them, but, even before Mrs. Hard told her story, I had my own theory as to the cause of his death. There was no public ecx posure, however. Mrs. Hurd and I agreed that it would profit no one to make the wretohed affair public, and so we kept our own counsel. Miss Melrose, in spite of my conviction that she had an active pert in the conspiracy against MIre. Spenset's lite, I could not help pitying. Such a miserable, worn and haggard face as hers I have never seen, and when they buried Doctor Spencer she was confined to her bed with brain fever. I attended her in her illness, but, though she recovered in health, she was never herself again. She was a harmless maniac, whose delight was in gathering flowers and decora. Ling the doctor's grave with them. She is living still, and still gathers flowers and lays them on that grave, singing to herself a low incantation, which no one ever pretends to understand. Not until Mrs. Spencer had many days been my wife, and the faithful Mrs. Ilurd slept under the violets, did Alice know the perfidy of her former husband. When I told her, after the rest shook was over, she crept into my arms and whis. pored: "But if it had not been for James' crime I should not have found you, Herbert. So good sometimes comes out of evil," W\Vll is the reason that all children are geniuses-though they contrive so soon to outgrow that dangerous quality-except that they never croes.examine themselves on the subject? The moment that processe begins, their speech loses its gift of unexpcotedness, and they become as tediously impertinent as the rest of us. PRueocriA, application is the only mordant which will set things in the memory. Study, without i, is gymnastics, and not work, which alone wil get lotelleetual bread. No one ean ask honestly or hopefully to bo aslivered Irom temptation unless he has himself honestly and Ilrmly determined to do tbo beaet he oan to keep out of It. A osn will be behind whil e he follows a leader, and will compreheud the senoe of his own elsteaneo only when he goes inde. pendent, NeATnua Is upheld by antagonism. Passions, realtanoe, danger, are educatore. We acqulre the strength we have overcome, TeAt" all men and women considerately and you will be surprised at the dividende that come to you daily and yearly. It is a wise rule to take the world as we lind It, not always to leave It so "I am in lterror," sighed poor Mrs, Goodlmother, " every time I hear the bell ring, I know 1'11 hear something dreadful shabout Jack. I'm sure he's been Into somc awful misohief," "What mnakes you think so?" asked her 'ueband. "Oh, be aesme directly home fraom school thiis altornoon, eat down and studied hisl lesson for to.morrow for nearly two hours, and has been as good as an angel ever sines. DIear, dear, whlat doe that boy been up to, I woeuld like Io know," Ottaetomier--" I tell you I don't want the ncat, It's faded and thle color don't suit ms." lesae--" It's raded and der color don't uit you, Veil tlake It for Isven and a Cuotomer--"'osldeol, its khnit worn out already," lrsoae--' fo muolo der besiter, ma chbild., II der goat don't sult yer Id vont dkb y?ou so iooe to vses It out. 1l4ut dU gesehen 1' 