TALE OF A FEK GHOST. . . Soma strange phenomena have in the past week been startling the huge district oi the Great Fen Level of Huntingdonshire and Cambridgeshire (writes the London Daily Telegraph under date May 12). It appears that in Tick,Fen a Ramsey magistrate nas a farm, at the extremity of which, far away from any other buildings, live a horsekeeper named Rowthan, his wife, and a bed-ridden daughter. The cottage, is a typical fen shanty of wood and thatch, and adjoining it is a similar tene ment, occupied by the farm foreman, Levitt, and his wire. Miss Rowthan. who is IS years of age, and has been confined to her bed for nearly .twelve months, slept in a room near the thatch): her bedstead resting against the gable end,: "of the! roof. _ On Monday, at mid night, gentle tappings - against her bed were :. heard, and as the walls are wooden the noise was more apparent. At first , the sounds came in sequences of three and four, increasing to six or seven at a time, and growing-louder as . they proceeded. Then they ceased for a space, and recommenced more vigorously, until they were heard by the next-door neighbors—according to one report, at a farmhouse 500 yards off. The mother and father, at rest in the same room, were also alarmed, but for a time did nothing, thinking the manifestations would cease. Theseinstead increased until the "ghosts, "as if angered at being pooh-poohed, became so noisy as almost to threaten a terrific crash. • Nothing was to be seen, though it was clear and starlight, and the disturbances "continued to ring out across the fens. The rappings recurred at intervals until the advent of dawn seemed to drive the malicious "spirits" beforeit; • On the follow' ing night, though at a different time, a repeti tion of the phenomena occurred. Meanwhile the inmates,- who had suffered the mysterious affair in silence, had determined upon decisive action. On the third might the father, taking a loaded gun, went outside the building, but the rappings against-the" gable were renewed more vigorously than ever. Search parties were organised, but everyone remained baffled. The countryside began to talk, according to a lengthy report in tne Peterborough Advertiser, of the mystery, and watch parties assembled in the cottages until morning. No timid ghost was this, for: the pulsations continued whilst eyes were fixed pn tho very spot upon which the invisible' blows were given. The' landlord's estate bailiff, together with a com panion, took pains to keep vigil in the "haunted house" from'midnight till 3. The noises were repeated with the greatest free dom. He drove* back to Ramsey at 3 in the morning, admitting that he was baffled_ even in the cleverest of the theories he had in ■ his own mind conjured up to account for the mystery. Hundreds of people have visited the place, and solicitors, merchants, farmers, and others from the .surrounding district have made critical examination of the house. The girl has been .'..'removed into the adjoining house, where the rappings are not so audible nor so frequent. i 