liootl aod Gcotrtl. " Markkt Gardeners will find it to their nd. vantage to buy Anderson's New Seeds from Judges Bros. Picnic Races.—• Entries for the races1 to be held •at? Penrith on Eight-hour Day/'(Monday- '{week); close next Wednesday. "The time of receipt of entries for the St. 'Marys Picnic'Races, has been extended to October 6th'; . Penbitk Licensing Court. — At - the above. Court which was , held on , Tuesday,,last; be fore'Messrs. J. E. Oleeve and D, McKillop, L.M., anr application by Theodore Trautwein, for the renewal of Yoluateer Hotel, St. Marys was granted. ;Ooaoh Licenses;—At the. Penrith Police Court onjTueaday^before Messrs; rJ. K/'01eeve,'P.MM F. D.- Wood riff;1 A. Judges, and D.-McKillop, J's.P., Coach'licenses wore granted to Thomas Meade, Louisa Priddle, Leslie'Landers and Frank Durbin, Tattkksai.Ij's Sweeps.—Metropolitan winners : 1st horse, Survivor, A Gray, North Sydney, £4230 ; 2nd, Holbrook. Mrs Ballance, Litchfield, Parnell, New .Zealand, £1269;; 3rd, Ooil, VV D Ourrie, Hay donlon, £846 These amounts are nett Sweep closed with 47,000 subscribers. . t ' •___ Oo-oPKRATivR Milk Suppliers' Association. —A; well attended meeting of milk suppliers and those interested in the milk trade, was held at the Exchange on Friday afternoon of last week Mr J K<,Lethbridge, J.P.. in the chair.. Messrs J Kidd and T Armstrong, delegates, were present, and laid before the meeting the prospectus of the proposed Co-operative Milk Suppliers' Association, The representatives explained the object of the meeting, aridjspoke at considerable length on the Milk Trade Those present appeared to grasp the importance of the btep that was being taken, and the neoessity for a co- operative company. A very satisfactory num ber of shares were applied for. Chubck op England Pionio.—The annual picnic in connection with the Kingswood and PenHth Ohnrch of England Sabbath Schools even tun ted at the Parsonage grounds, Lemongrove, on Thursday last. It has been the oustom for many years to hold this annual children's gala day on n Wednesday, always between the 20th and the end oflSeptembor; so it would have been this year, all arrangements having been made to that end, but " man proposes and God disposes," nnd the rain, which was certainly very welcome, fell in copious showers on Tuesday night, and Wednesday morning broke dull and cloudy. Accordingly, the Rev G. Brown and the ..teioh-°rs consulted together, with the result that it was decided to postpone the fdte Mil the following doy. The parents and friends of the j children had sent in an abundance of good things, and these were well wrapped up and laid away, bo they did not suffer much in consequence of the delay, nnd most of the cakes, etcrf wore made lato on Tuesday evening, consequently would not be Btale. On'Thursday morning, about nine o'clock, the large bell in the Church of England was rung merrily, and then the children began to assemble at the school* room,- About half-past nine they were mar shalled in rows by their teachers, and commenced to march down the street, the boys carrying flags and cheering lustily. They went down High- street, turned up Station into Henry streets, and thence through the gates in Castlereagh street to Lemon Grove, thencb to the grounds behind the Parsonage. As the children went through the gate they received an orange each. Rev G Brown and the teachers had made every provision for the amusement of the children, and swings, see-saws, etc. were soon in full go. At noon the children in number about 400, were seated on tne nign ground behind the Parsonage, where bags of sand wiches, cakes, lollies, eto. were given out, besides milk and ginger beat. In the afternoon n large number of parents and friends attended, and then the grounds presented more tho appearance of the old time picnics, which were always looked upon as one of. the features of tho year. In those days everybody and his wife were present, and it was a sight worth seeing. But still as heretofore, there was enough and to sparo for everybody, tho visitors being treated in a right royal manner. Do *n in the lower grounds during the afternoon, the teachers had taken their scholars and arranged races for them. One of them in particular was interealing, viz the obstacle race, in which eight boys competed. They started from the top of the hill, crawled under a tarpaulin, thence through bags Rprinkled with flour, over a fence, under the tarpaulin again to the starting point. The youngsters presented quite a Iudricous appearance after going through the flour. bag9. The children were given another •' feed " about five o'clock, when tho rain began to fall and a start was made for home. The Rev G Brown and tho teachers all worked W'llingly to make tho day's proceedings as good as possible for tho youngsters. Whilst playing foo b.all on tho grass, Master Septimus Tipping slipped on the ground and turned , his ankle. Ho wai taken to the Hospital and from thence home, where Dr Shand found that a small bono in tl.e auk.'c hid been broken. He is now jjiogres8ing:fftvor.ibly, A. G mid en Party will be held at " Steinberg," Ludddcnhnm, od Wednesday, September 29tb, in aid of the Mulgoa R,C,' Church. Gatea will be opened at 1 o'clock. Hospital, Flower Snow—A meeting of ladies of the district, and all willing to assist the annual Hospital Flower Show, is called fur Tuesday next, at the Council Chambers, at 4 p m. An Electiuc Ghost.—One night through the week nn electric lamp in a shop in High-street played some most peculiar prank?. The outton was turned and there was no one inside the house, still the lamp would burn for 20 minutes, then go out for a while and come on again, This funny business continued for some time. Football.—The following will represent the " Keets" in their match" against the Lithgow "Rovers" at Lithgow, to-day (Saturday) :-W Breeze, W Manning, W O'Brien, — Webb, W Edwardsj M Oleary, T McLichlan,' S Price, E Douglas, G Burgess, T Dowling, F Baker, P Dent, P Randall, and G White. Emergencies, G Balmer, F Paskin, W PUyer, To leave by the 9.40 a.m. traiD, Magic Lantern.—A treat is promised to both young and old at the Church of England'school room on Friday night next, Mr. D. T. Wiley delivering one of his popular and instructive Inn tern lectures, in'aid of the prize fund. Mr Wiley has some excellent views, and his lantern is a first class one. Tickets may be had from " D.id" Johnstone, as well, as the Superintendent and teachers. Concert at Emu.—On Wednesday night next a first-Mass concert will be held at Emu, in aid of the local Cricket Club. The Emu people have but few entertainments at home, but they patronise them well, and so they do anything in Penrith,* es pecially of' a charitable character. The Penrith people should therefore come forward and help'the Emu people I5y attend mcj the concert, which will' be d first-class one, all thi'best local talent taking part. " ]).id " Johnstone has tickets. Another Start.—Noble and Co. respectfully announce that they have again started business in thos'e^ new, and commodiohB prerriis s erected qn site'of the'late fire. We hope the ladies of the district will by their, liberal patronage assht as 'in making, the business a success. Mrs. Noble will see that our high and well-known reputation,, for miUinery is maintained, and wo will ns' heretofore endeavor to give our customers the highest satisfac tion' in the quality and price of our goods,* Prnrith Cricket Club.—A general meeting of the Penrith Cricket Club will be held at the Royal Hotel. Penrith, on Monday evening, at 8,80, to consider the advisability of carrying on the club this! season Everywhere throughout the district cricket appears to be flourishing, and Penrith, that previously had three ciubs running, is all behind. Why not go. in and make one good .strong, club that wiirtie a credit, not only to the town, but the dis trict. We have some first-class player?, and we only hope,-for tho benefit of Penrith, that they and all their friends will rally up on Monday night and assist. A. Sydney Native out ok uib Element.— A Sydney man who had decided to go on the. land, went as far'out west'a#he couldget andtook up ' a lively1 looking spot and built a bark humpy. But the solitude and the hardships were too much for him, so he went back. When the conditional pur chase inspector rode along a few weeks after.he fo'urid the following notice nailed to the door ■< 100 miles from a railway, 45 miles from a white: man, 50 miles from a school, 72 miles from a town;' 12 miles from hell, and the same distance from a Chinaman. Gone back to Sydney, which is the only civilised place within a 1000 miles. " It's a Well-Assorted Match" is the ex clamation of every loyal Englishman in speaking of the recent marriage of Prince George of Wales and Princess May. That the;happy pair willlbe spared to rule oyer our country wisely and welJ, and enjoy the blessing of good health; is a prayer that will find an echo in many hearts. Holloway's Pills and Ointment have been the means of prolonging the lives of thousands of people in all parts sof the world, and now they are looked upon as the most reliable family medicines. In 6a«es of, dysentery, diarrhoea, siok; headache^ fever, indigestion and' liver complaint they are < unapproachable by any' known remedy. They are sold by all chemists and medicines vendors A PAINFUL ACorDENT.—On Wednesday after noon at about half-paqt tbroe, Arthur Squires, a boy'about five years old son of Mr."Alfred Squires", of Station- street, met with a Very painful acci lent. He was crossing the street in front of his home just as Mr. L. Landerc came along with his wAgonette and pair, the vehicle being fully loaded. The little fellow did not notice the horses, but- the;horses noticed the boy and 'jumped clear of him, but, unfortunately one of the wheels passed' over him. Mr. T. Hobby, who was with Mr. Landers, jumped out and picked the little fellow up and took him inside. Dr. Shaad was sent for, and it was found that the collar bom and two ribs were broken. The boy is progressing favorably. GHOSTS.^Prom Mulgoa cornea word that these unnatural beings have been seen, and have fright? ened several people lately. A young'couple, who had been out driving the other night,, and were reluming home towards midnight, had'tha wit9 nearly frightened out of them an1 their horse by.' one of these beings, on what,is called "Long, Bridge," near Wallace. The young man, had much, trouble in managing his horso, which was ovidently as much frightened as the human beings themselves. However, fortunately no damage was done, and: the ghost disappeared under the bridge.; Several other unfortunate poople have hid similar experiences lately, Ono man declares that ho distinctly saw the ghost jump from tho hand-rails on one side of the bridge io Iho other. and thon 'jump into the water and, disappear. What about Fisher's ghost after, this? ■ Good Templars' Missro*. —During the week a special mission was held here as in every town in New South Wales,' raging war against what they aall the iniquitous drink traffic. From all the Protestant Churches in the town on Sunday last it was announced that meeting would be held in the various Churches during the week. On Sunday afternoon a public meeting was held in the Tem perance Hall when only a fair number of people attended. Mr. Wilson, agentleman connected with the Presbyterian Church, Sydney, the Revs. G. Brown and J. Tarn spoke on the total abstinence question, the chair being occupied by Mr. A. Uuckland, head of the I O.G.T. Lodge in the town. Hymns appropriate to - tho occasion were I sung at eaoh , meeting. On Monday, I Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday nights open air meetings were held., at Mills', and Tnttersalls' corners, conducted by:Re?. J. Tarn,(Messrs. Wilson, Allsopp and others; 1 On Monday night Rev. Q. Brown delivered tho address in I ho' Wesleyan Church, Tuesday night Rev. J. McKee .held forth in the primitive Methodist Church, Wednesday, Mr. W. T Allsopp addressed an audience.in the Presbyterian Church, and on Thursday night another meeting was held in the Weslevan Church, when the various clergymen and Mr. Wilson dnlivered addresses. 