SAILING SEASON 1897-8. (By ' Weather-Eye.') This week will see the commencement of sailing season 1897-8; that is in regard to racing, for the first contests are to take place next Saturday, and the Sydney boating community is consequently astir. Boat-owners have, during the past few weeks, been busy, covers have been thrown aside, and the skids have once more shown the way to the water's edge. Boat-builders are taking their full share of work well in hand for the coming events, and what with building, overhauling, and altering, the yards present a picture to gladden the eyes, and lift the heart of the man who feels at home among the cleats, and who knows the difference between the bowsprit and jibboom. The season's prospects are excellent. There will be no falling off in the endeavors of those who have during the past few years given the sport an impetus which has gained for it a far-reaching public recog- nition, appreciation, and support. At last Sydney sailing men have recognised the importance of united effort. The result has been the formation of an association — the New South Wales Sailing Council. This new institution must be the means of furthering sailing here, aud no doubt its influence will extend beyond the colony. ln every way so far as the incoming of the season is concerned, patrons of the sport have reason to exult, and every man jack in our sailing circle, from the chief, who holds the tiller, to the dish-hand of an 8ft dingy, is filled with expectancy. Sailing boats here may fairly be divided into four classes, deep-keelers, open boats, dingies and canoes. Each of these classes is receiving its share of attention. According to report the first-named is to make an extra big splash during the coming months, and many new features are to be intro- duced. The Sao, one of the most successful of the smaller type of deep-keeler, is being re-built by Ford, and Mr. F. Woolcott-Waley is confident of future success with her. Quite a flotilla of other well-known yachts are in the builders hands under going alteration in some shape or other. Among these are the famous Iduna and Herreshoff, and Archina, Electra, Maysie, Freda, and Jenny Wren. Isea will be well to the fore in the hands of Mr. Walter Marks, and the cruiser Jess, recently purchased by Mr. A. A. Griffiths, is to be converted into a racing cutter. The Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron and the Prince Alfred Yacht Club, under whose flags there has in the past been some of the finest sailing racing in the world, are getting ready for their opening days, and no doubt the activity in the builders' yards is due to some fine racing being in contemplation by the members of these two old and time-honored clubs. The Johnstone's Bay Sailing Club, the Sydney Flying Squadron, Sydney Amateur Sailing Club, and the North Sydney Club have some grand events in view, and the season, so far as they are con- cerned, is to be fraught with success and interest. The boats belonging to these clubs — such racing craft as Wonga, Effie, Irex, Vigilant, Figtree. Yvonne, and Inez — are in the main answerable for the present popularity of sailing racing in this port. No less, however, must credit be given to the members of the clubs just mentioned. To their activity, the sportsmanlike manner in which their races are sailed, the absence of dispute among them, the sailing knowledge and daring of their boats' crews, and their consideration for the public, we owe much of the benefits we are deriving from sailing as a sport to-day. Open and half-decked, boat-racing is perhaps our chef d'oeuvre in aquatics. Port Jackson is admirably suited for it, and the study of it has been as thorough as the result has been pleasing, satisfac- tory, and popular. There are open- boat hands here, some of them veritable veterans, and others but young enthusiasts, whose management of these small canvas-enveloped racers fills the onlooker with admiration. And, indeed, it may be said that there are very few who take an active part in this class of racing who are not expert sailing hands. The Johnstone's Bay Sailing Club has fixed next Saturday for its opening race of the season. The dingy fraternity are to have a conspicuous say in the season's doings, and the ghost of the memorable old Canvas Dingy Club will be present at the banquet, no doubt. Dingies of all sizes are in course of construction, alteration, or renovation, and from 8-footers up there will shortly be plenty of them in evidence. Thomas Punch, one of the wonders in the dingy line, has been given a complete new suit of clothes, from canvas sides to deck and sails. He, or more properly she, will not lose her reputation in the hands of Mr. Cronin. Alice, Hero, and Old Tom have received their share of new duds, and altogether the dingy fleet, what with additions to the family, resuscitations, and resurrections, is about to re-introduce some of the glories that belonged to it years ago. Next Saturday will witness the opening race of the Sydney Dingy Club. The Sydney Canoe Squadron starts its season with a general handicap race on October 2, and tho Sydney Cauoo Club hold a regntta a week later, six events being set down on its programme for that day, including both sailing and paddling races. Tho canoe has como much more into favor of late years iu the harbor, and possibly in time canoeing Will be a much more general sport. To Sailing Men.—' Forllrst-class outfits go to M.J. Counery, hatter and mercer, 137 Oxford-street. Shirts -!b 6d, trousers 5s 6d, hats Is 6d, bands 6d, 6carls 10£d, mufflers Is lld. bolta 9d, discount to clubs.' ? ? ? ? 