CHAPTER XXIX. - A long, quiet, peaceful week. Nell is up and about the room, and gaining strength every day. Mrs. langrishe's progress is slower and less perceptible. Still, every day of improvement is a sign of hope. And what of James Lnngrishe? He certainly does not trouble us at all. Perhaps conscience has made a coward of hivn, perhaps the Dublin physician alarmed him. 1 only know that he never interferes with me or my as sistant, a young nurse from the Woman's and Children's Hospital, Cork. Mrs. Langrishe is left entirely in our hands. She needs no medicines now. Only plenty of light, wholesome nourishment. As soon as she is really convalescent, I shall urge her to come away for a change. She and Nell. I do not think the air of Knockminoss at all suitable to her. The household is still in the same disorganised state. We two nurses have to prepare the invalid's food our elves, as the Irish servant lias very little idea of cooking, at least of invalid cookery. 1 suppose she manages her master's dinners to his' satisfaction, or she would be sent about her business, I am a poor cater at the best of times, and the nlaiucr and simpler the food the better 1 like it, hut even 1 began to rebel a little at the watery soups and greasy stews, and badly fried fish, which are served to Nurse O'Toolo and myself. Nell simply cannot touch any thing that Bridget Lehane' does. I have to concoct jellies and milk pud dings, and make beef-tea for li'cr in my leisure moments. Put I mind nothing now my anxiety-is at rest, llesides, Mary Langrishe is the sweetest and most grateful of patients. I came up from the kitchen a short time ago. 1 had gone down to see to supplies and put on somo fresh beef-tea for my patients. , I had to reprimand the girl Bridget rather sharpy She had persistently stood gossiping with an old fish-woman at the back ontrauce,-. and persistently refused to attend to my call. Tor all excuse she told me that ICatey Leary (one of the biggest vaga bonds in the place) had been telling her ' such a mighty queer story she couldn't drag herself away." I asked what the story was, and her garrulous Irish tongue ran on for fully a quarter of an hour. Disentangled from the meshes of ' I sea' and ' Sesrf,' and some half-dozen family histories of O'Hooligans and MacCarthys and O'Briens, I made the story to be as follows:— Three weeks or so back a juvenile O'Hooligan, related in some mjstcrious manner to the redoubtable Katey Learr,, had been out on an errand, and was returning home by a lane skirting the foot of a hill some couple of miles off. He saw a woman sitting at the bottom of the hill on a heap of stones, appar ently resting. Her shawl was drawn over her head. He came close to her, aud she turned and looked at him. Her face, according to the boy, was 'just . terrible.' He knew, in some mysterious fashion peculiar, to the Irish, that he had looked on no living woman—'twas . a sperrit, miss, sure enough, and he", gave a screech and took to his heels, - and never stopped until he was safe in his mother's cottage.! Now, whether Tim O'Hooligau spoke of this adventure or not, I was unablo to discover; but certain it was that between that date and this, the same woman, sitting in the same position, had , been seen by some dozen or more equally. credible authorities. The story was going about the neighbouring farms, and ■ the place was getting an ill name. 'Not,' added Bridget, 'that that's to be wondered nt, miss, for shure isn't it Dead "Woman's Hill, where, the murder was twinty years or more ago, an' small wonder if it's haunted now be them as can't rest in or out of purgatory.' . 'Dead AVomnn's Hill,' I exclaimed, struck, by a sudden memory. AVhcre had I heard that name? I tried to think, but for a moment I could not remember. Then it all flashed back. The girl who died in the hospital, cursing James Langrishe's name. That was the place she had mentioned. .. ' I'll meet you there,' she had said. ' At the foot of Dead AVoman's Hill, at midnight.' I Latl some of the Scotch superstitions. I was not sceptical as to ghosts or ap paritions, or legends of haunted spots, and surely this was a very singular occurrence. There was a place in the neighbourhood called 'Bead Woman's Hill,' and probably its uncanny reputa tion had made it a very safe trysting place. But yet, was it possible ? Could I really believe that the poor ruined, creature I had nursed in the fever ward oE a London hospital was now haunting in spirit this very place! Are there stranger things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy,' I began to wonder. All day I have kept this story to myself, and ' pondered it in my heart.' • It has a queer meaning for me. 1 felt unnerved for the first time in my life. A strange, unholy, longing took posses sion of me to see this thing for myself. > To find out if it really bore the sem blance of the girl by whose denth-bed I had stood, whose lifeless limbs I had straightened for the hideous sack in which she had been sewn and taken to the mortuary. I thought over ways and meona, I had not yet been outside the grounds of Knockmiuoss. My brief spells of exer cise had consisted of a turn in the garden, a few moments pacing to and fro that long stretch of sloping gras3 before the house. I had more leisure at my command now. Still it would seem strange to start off for a midnight walk to a place two miles away. I must wait. I could not possibly do it until James Laugrishe was out of the way. , August 29th. A strange tiling happened to-day. The doctor came upstairs after break fast. He saw his wife, and made a few inquiries after her progress. I was alone in the room. Lur.se O'Toole hnd gone to lie down in Nell's old bedroom, " which had been thoroughly aired and disinfected, and which we nurses used now for our relief hours of rest and sleep. 4 X have come to toy, Mary, that I am called away for" a couple "of Jays,' he said. 4 Now that you are jutting 011 so yell you won't -need juc. I leave you in good hands.' 4 Where are you going, dear?' she asked, feohly. 'Only to Cork. I leave."to-day.' I aliall be hnnl; on Saturday at tho latest.' She smiled aft'eclitmately, and laid her thin transparent hand on his. I saw his eyes full on it. It was the left-hand. Tho thiek hoop of the wed ding ring looked far too large and heavy for its emaciated strength. . He drew his own hand away suddenly, and moved aside under some pretext of altering the light. 1 had fixed up green inside blinds over the art • patterned roller ones, so as lo keep the room dark and cool. 4 A good idea,' he said. 4 Was that yours, Deborah ?' I saw Mrs. Langrishe start, and a keen, suspicious glance shot towards me. Naturally it must have seemed strange to her that utterance of my name. I wondered whether he had noticed the blip,-01- made it purposely; Nothing was impossible where James Langrishe was'concerned. 1 answoredhim coolly, and without looking at him. 4 Yes, Dr. Langrishe, it was. We got all the morning sun this side of the ' bouse.' .gfj. .4 Would you like to change any more bedrooms ?' he asked with that faint sneer I began to know so well. 'My house is quite at your service. Tray make any arrangements you please.' . I heard the poor deluded creature in the bed apologising for and lamenting his discomforts. It put me ont of all patience. I busied myself at the other end of the room and turned my hack on him. I heard some more murmurs, some fond expressions, the sound of a kiss, and then he left. I breathed freely.. It was delightful to think that for three days there need be no espionage, no tremors and fears. I fancy I had never realised how great the strain had been until that moment. When I turned again and looked at Mrs. Langrishe I saw she was quietly crying—crying because that traitorous wretch of a husband was going to Cork for two or three days. Truly the ways of' women are strange and past understanding. August 30th. The lovely golden moon—August's queenly moon—is in full splendour in the deep blue slcy, and shining over the tranquil breast of the" quiet sea. It is close upon ten o'clock. Nurse O'Toole has the night duty, a light office now, for Mary Langrishe always sleeps tranquilly and easily. I hod never found she needed sleeping . draughts, and took good cure to say so in presence of her husband. Nell. is in bed, sleeping like a child, and I have come to my room—her room, rather—though she still prefers the dressing-room. I feel too restless to undress or go to bed. I keep think ing of that lonely trysting place, and I wonder if that ghost story is true, or due to an extra amount of gray matter secreted in a cell of the O'Hooligan brain ? 1 . sit here, writing nothing, foif I have . nothing to write, tracing these idle words, feeling all the time that something is drawing me—drawing me —slowly out of this house, out and over the quiet lonely road that leads to Dead Woman's Hill. I have never been there, bnt I seem to know it so well. Can I resist the power ? Shall I obey it ? I will—I must, lie it truth or phantasy, a trick of imagination or a stoiy got up for a purpose, I am deter mined to find it out. I will put on my bonnet and clonk, and then'tell Nurse "O'Toole I am going for a walk. I often go out in the evening for a stroll in the grounds. She will think it nothing unusual. I can leave one of the Trench windows unshuttered and return that way. I fancy the servant has gone to bed. She is fond of retiring early and getting .up late. Yes, my mind is made up. I will go. August 31. "With quiet nerves and steady pulse, and facing the bright daylight, can 1 believe in the existence of haunting: spirits. Unable to rest in their own | sphere, hound by some inexplicable law of which we wise mortals know nothing, to return to some spot of their rexatious earthly pilgrimage ? Can I, 1 ask myself, believe this ? I. only' * know ; that" last night when, between eleven anil twelve, I found aiyself at-the foot of that ill-omened hill, I most certainly and distinctly saw the face of the very woman I had nursed, and laid out for. dead in the hospital. Crouched at the foot of the hill, on a heap of stones, her.shawl drawn about her head, as the boy O'Hooligan said, so the figure sat as I approached. The full moonlight made ercrytliing clear and distinct I know my eyes played me no tricks. And the strangest part of all was that I felt not the least fear. I saw it, and stood a few paces off, coolly regarding it, and sure in my own mind that it was a real being, aud that the story had a very rational foundation. But suddenly the .figure lifted .its j head and looked at me from out of the shrouding folds of the shawl. Then, indeed, I knew what fear was. The deadly chilling terror that stops one's heart beats, that makes the hair bristle on one's head, and grips the frame with an icy grasp, that leaves the limbs powerless to obey the instincts of the brain,. Such a moment of such a terror was miue. Then it passed, and I grew calm and looked back at the haggard face, with only a sense of wonder. I Here was something that I knew belonged 110 longer to this world in which I moved. Here, in likeness of | its oW self, and yet with a fcaisome in describable change in it, was the face whose eyes I had closed, the lips whose curses still rang in my ears. ' I must state here that from the mo ment the fear passed out of me I became conscious of a certain pleasurable in terest in the phenomenon before me. I had witnessed death so often, in so many ghastly shapes ■ and forms, that it had ceased to alarm or distress me. It only left a haunting desire in my mind to know what really happened afterwards. . . . The moment of release. "What did it really mean ? Was all of earth forgotten ? Could the whole mysterious personality of the " ego" change and accept its spiritual garb as it would have accepted a present of new clothes on the earth plane? These things had perplexed rac many times. Now for the first time in mv life came an opportunity of questioning a spirit, about whose authenticity I had no maimer of doubt. It was a remark able face—one not easily forgotten—anil the most singular circumstance about it was that as the' shawl fell back, I noted the hair was cut short, just as it had been in the hospital. I looked at her, and as I looked I saw her slowly rise, and the full golden rays! of the moon streamed down upon the ghastly face and the sad despairing eyes. I thought she was about to speak, but she only stood there looking at me. ' "Who are you ?' I asked, suddenly. ' Will you toll me your name?' There was no answer. I felt per plexed, but not in the least alarmed, ifaybe I have to thank the blood of my Scotch ancestry for that. ' Can you speak,' I went on. ' Is there anything you want ?' Then, whether it was voice or sigh, or impression, I cauuot tell, but to my brain, not in my ears, came four word-. Only four words, so strange—and to me so unintelligible thut I write them down almost unwillingly. They were these: ' The Black Cap waits.' And then—well then, I looked only at a heap of stones and.a sloping hill ?n which the moonrays streamed. 