A Great Methodist Fact of the Victorian Era. By Hev. Wm. G. Taylor. Among the great facts that will always be referred to with profound rejoicing, as distinguishing the history of the Methodist Church during the reign of our beloved Queen, may be cited the following : — The Centenary celebrations in 1839, the missionary jubilee, the thanksgiving fund, the establishment of separate Conferences in Australasia, South Australia, and the West Indies, the truly Apostolic history of the great South Sea Island missions, the phenome nal growth of the work in. the United ? States, the consummation of Methodist Union in Canada, the establishment of successful missions in China, Burmah, and other centres, the introduction of laymen into the councils of the Confer ence, the rapid development of our educational institutions starting from the very year of the accession, the chain of circumstances in many of our English and colonial town centres that led to the birth of that marvellous child of Provi dence, now everywhere known by the name of THE FORWARD MOVEMENT ! Of this last named, I wish to write. Having personally visited the great missions in Manchester, London, Liver pool, Birmingham, Leeds, Hull, New- ?, castle, Glasgow, Dublin, Belfast, New York, Chicago, and Melbourne, I claim to be in a-position to form an accurate opinion as to the circumstances that rendered necessary their establishment, the character of the work -tone, and the probable influence of this uew- st develop ment of our churches' life, on the future of our system. Each separate mission sprang out of a chain of circumstances unlike those of any other. Hence the operations of no two are to-day alike. This fact, that is now our glory, added greatly to the difficulty of the problems to be solved by the Conference committees that have had charge of these various and varying centres. For example : the problem of . West Central London, where were 400,000 people without one single Methodist Church, was wholly different from that of Leeds, where we had three enormous town churches, formerly filled to the doors, bun now tottering on the brink of financial and numerical bank ruptcy. Perhaps the story of this last-named, as — in some of its features — it best illustrates our position in Sydney, may be fullest of interest to your readers I desire to furnish details of that peculiar ? chapter in the history of Leeds Method ism that led to the founding of its remarkable Central Missions, as pre senting an instructive object lesson to the aggressive spirits of our own Con ference. In 1837, the year that Queen Victoria ascended the throne, Methodism was the great spiritual force of that thriving manufacturing town. Its churches were among the largest in the United Kingdom, and from them #ent forth a. wealth of sacred influence that spread throughout all the northern counties. The strongest men in the English' ministry filled its pulpits. There had been born, twenty-one years previously, ' The Wesleyan Foreign Missionary , Society,' that continues to this day the pride of British Methodism. The con nexional spirit was at a premium, whilst from its circuits had gone forth some of the most self- sacrificing ministers and missionaries of the cross Christianity had ever known. When, in the very year of the acces sion, Dr. Hook — afterwards Dean of Chichester — was appointed vicar of Leeds, this was the condition of things that faced him. Dr. Hook was in every sense a remarkable man. By-the-bye, it was he of whom Bishop Wilber force perpetrated the well-known conundrum: — 'What two ecclesiastical dignitaries do most resemble a certain appendage to a lady's dress ?' The answer being, ' Hook and I.' It has always been my impressien that the Archbishop of York arranged for the appointment of Dr. Hook to Leeds as a forelorn hope. Methodism ruled the town. Its civic, social, and commercial positions were largely in the hands of our people. On his arrival, the new vicar was met with the remark, 'You need never expect to do much in Leeds ; the men of standing are nearly all Wesleyans.' With a characteristic smile, Hook blandly answered, ' I will alter all that.' . And alter it he did. Alas, Methodism, that had won its proud position as the result of its aggressive evangelism, by processes im perceptible but deep seated, was gradually, drifting!- from its' moorings, until the description of Jeshuran as given by Moses in Deut. xxxii : 15, was becoming painfully true of Leeds Methodism. Spiritual pride that pointed to the conquests of the past, and gloated over eloquent preachers and velvet lined seats, took the place of the , daring heroism that had seized Leeds in the name of Christ. Methodism as- . sumed the dangerous ' rest-and-be thankful ' attitude, and settled down on the hips of its respectability. That ?proved its downfall. When Hook arrived, he soon took in the situation, and set himself to ' establish a new social circle, of which he himself formed the centre. By methods that, from our view, were , exceedingly questionable^, but that, I doubt not, he could explain to Kis own satisfaction, he gradually drew within that circle many of the leading Method ists of the day. One by one they were Crown Studios. Rev. GEORGE BROWN, D.D., General Secretary of Foreign Missionary Society.! President of the New South Wales Conference i8pi caught in the meshes of the popular vicar's net ; and soon it came to pass that a man was considered a nobody, who did not get to the inner side of this charmed circle. The unhealthy leaven silently worked its way. Method ist autocrats began to find fault with the ' humdrum ' services and methods of their own church ; and in not a few cases they raised a tempest of trouble, then packed up, and in truly dramatic style migrated to ' the Church.' The exodus became widespread. A s Anglicanism flourished, Methodism waned. So great was the energy of the vicar, that within nineteen years he built twenty churches within the town, many of them being costly and elegant edifices; while school- rooms were pro vided for more than ten thousand children. As may be supposed, our good, loyal people gradually lost heart, whilst many of them removed into the town suburbs. So that ten years ago, tha English Conference was brought face to face with a painfully startling problem. Oxford Place, St. Peters, and Wesley Churches, capable of seating over 7000 people, practically empty ; with paint less doors, cracked windows, and vast internal area, with but a faithful few scattered here and there in the old family pews, being ministered to by pastors who were disheartened at every turn. ? Thus it was when the Conference resolved to follow Manchester and Lon don, and give this then much criticised - and little understood 'Forward Move ment ' a trial. Samuel Chadwick, John Pickup, and Robert Browell, — untried young men, all of them, but men of grit, and faith, and aggressive soul, — all, let it be noted, old-fashioned Methodists, were sent to Leeds to stem the downward tide. ******** hi one fourth of the time it took to empty these great town centres, these . consecrated young men changed defeat into a triumphant victory. And to-day Oxford place and Wesley, and in a modified sense, St. Peters, are pulsating with spiritual and aggressive energy. Week in, week out, the churches are crowded by '.the very kind of people who had originally made the Methodism of1 Leeds; with old-fashioned penitent forms and prayer and class meetings, all in full swing, the ancient glory has been eclipsed by the glory that now id. And the Methodists of the West Riding no longer hang their heads when Leeds is mentioned, but are buoyant and enthusiastic whenever the story of the revival is told. And all this has been accomplished without in any sense weakening other churches, or by adopting methods in any remote degree like unto those pursued by the famous old Dean of Chichester aforesaid. Tour readers may judge of the altered state of things when 1 mention that just now £20,000 are being expended in beautifying and alter ing our magnificent property at Oxford Place — a property that stands on a site unequalled by any in English Metho dism: immediately facing the Town Hall, of which Leeds, and indeed all Yorkshire, is so justly proud. This property is to be made the centre of Christian and philanthropic and con nexional work, unsurpassed by any similar work in England. And best of all is the fact that the money for this is all to be found. No repetition there of the painful mistakes of dear old York street ! All this, I know, reads like a fairy tale. It is nothing, however, but one unvarnished illustration of the manner in which the forward movement is transforming defeat into victory in bo many of our English town churches. Ten years ago the condition of Metho dism in Great Britain might be described by one word — critical. 'The Forward Movement has just come in time to save Methodism.' So said to me no less an authority on British Methodism than William H. Tindall. That remark, in varying form, I heard in every part of the old land. For years previously, a painful process of disintregation had been going on m many of our great city causes, that boded ill for the future. Dissatisfaction and unrest were to be met with everywhere. The confession of failure was on many lips. The For ward Movement was to be God's method of altering all this. The change within ten years is wonderful. To-day this phenomenal fact meets us ; in abso lutely every case in which these newer methods have been pursued, success at every point has been the result. From not one single Mission Centre have ive had to beat a retreat. ' Old Cherry- street,' in Birmingham, the head centre of the Methodism of the Midlands, waned, and was ultimately sold to the City Corporation. In the face of keen opposition, Tindall and a few bold spirits, from the proceeds of the sale, built our present Central Hall premises, where for ten years young Fred. L. Wiseman has directed operations thab have had a most blessed influence upon the church life of the Midlands- 'Old George Yard,' one of Wesley's own chapels in Hull, that one used to see packed to the doors 30 years ago, so sadly declined, that six years ago, not more than 200 attended its services. . To-day it is again all ablaze with old Methodist fire under the charge of my old friend Jabez Bridge. Young Morcom Taylor was sent to solve the problem of Glasgow, one of the most difficult in Britain, and to day the Windsor Halls, where I conducted my last mission ere sailing for America, has become an ac knowledged power in the Christian life of that great Scotch city. The story of young George Jackson's signal achieve ments in Edinburgh, where our position previously was that of simple inertion, reads like a chapter out of the Acts of the Apostles. And so, William Craw ford — a saintly man and a scholar, amongst the Romanists of Dublin, and Dr. Crawford Johnson, a royal man of power, amidst the masses of Belfast, where a work is being accomplished for Christ that is one of the marvels of ?modern Methodism. Over the ' herring pond,' the Americans have awoke to the fact that this movement gives exactly what their big cities require to uplift Methodism among the lapsed masses. I was personal offered the superinten dency of one great project. Cadman, a Birmingham man in New York, has set the ball rolling at 14th Street, where a mighty leap upwards has been witnessed during the past two years. And so again of Melbourne. Never shall I forget the woeful look upon the faces of not a few Victorian dignitaries at a great Conference demonstration held in Wesley Church five years ago, when the bringing of Wesley on to Forward Movement lines was mooted. ' It can't be done. The thin,/ will be a huge failure.' So said to me one of the grandest men in Victoria. But it has been done, and the Wesley C.M.M. though differing in some of its details, is as full of promise as are any of the Missions I have referred to. And now, wiser than New South Wales, not waiting till a state of collapse has been reached, Victoria has resolved to put four other city churches under a Conference Committee to be worked as the great ' Collingwood and Fitzroy Mission.' Next Conference will see the work floated. My heart yearns for a similar ex hibition of statesmanship in our own great colony. At present Sydney is scarcely grasping the meaning of the Forward Movement. It would ill become me to utter one disparaging word touching the work at York-street and Balmain. Still it is a simple fact that none of us, not even the Superintendents of these Missions, are satisfied. Then there are Bourke- street and William-street nearly empty, and other churches struggling against diffi culties that are heart-breaking. To rest content with things as they now are, would be a huge connexional blunder and a sin against God. One thing that ought to be done, and done. without delay, is the appointment of a Conference ' Committee on Metho dist Aggression,' similar to that now. sitting in London. ? A committee whose orders should be to examine into the whole condition of Methodism in Sydney, and prepare a scheme of adaptation to altered circumstances. Such a committee should be composed only of men of courage — sanguine, hopeful and determined. The problem may be burdened with difficulties. Was there ever a problem the solving of which meant widespread blessing, that was not ? It must be ours not to overlook these difficulties, but to overcome them in the name of our Great King. Let but our next Synods and Con ference commit themselves to a great progressive scheme, and I am certain the Holy Ghost will bless us, and we shall soon see a turning of the tide,, that shall mean the more than regaining our former position within our city boundaries. But, we must have men of faith, and holy, daring, men determined to seize this great City of the Lord . And we HAVE THK MEN. Crown Studios. Rev. PAUL CLIPSHAM, Manager of the Ep worth Printing- and Publishing House, and of 'The Methodist.' 