T G'HOT, OF VEVLE : "' 'o be let or sold, A nell-furnit'ed 12-room cottage. Lovely scenery, close to sea. Good flshing. Lo:f reit, Apply tagent, Sea Vale, Somerset." The above advertisement in a Londlon paper was the talisman which drew us to Sea Vale. 4 quiet watering plaee on the Bristol Channel. My father, a retired naval officer, hated town life; but we had lived in London for the sake of the boys. Their educa lion was now compnllettl. and all bing well oat of hand. there renmined" no hdinarnce to my father's modest aithbi lion for life in the country., with a bit of fishing to while away tile. time. f"le Knoll was a low. irregularly built 3lonse, ivy clad, .andl nestling at the foot -sf a larch-crowned hill. the slopes of wlhich were clothed with mossy turf. jewelled with sweet wild. thyme, pink sea thrift, dainty harebells , and golden trefoil. In front of the house wais a large gar den overflowing with fruit and flowers growing with-little regard to order-.bht presenting a beautiful wohole to loversof uld-fashioned ardleniug. Great bush roses. glowing with mnasses of bloom, eweetWiiliiiitnsin enutess variety,pinks, lirkspurs, anti quaint-faced pansies grew side lby side with fruit trees and vegetables. About a mile beyond -the garden ila' tthe channel. of which there was an unbroken view from every win dow. Thlie inide of the house proved exceed ingly comfortalile. although the entrance was soilewhllrat'lea:l. there being il-y a; small tall, with thle foot of the stairs dlose to the "door on one side. iand a long, inrrow'winldow dn the other. Tlhi was exactly oppotsite the dining-room door; wrhich room was of rather unique Rhap.' h:lvi rin au alcove facing the ~loor; Hald the tlt-ore lbeen at either enid of tah room it woull have given length, but so pFted it seemeld imeaningless and use ?les, extq'pt-forl the putll-liose of keeping -ont of'ite way a hIgh.. cunmbersome. tmnflque cabinet. whicth oth-lrwisoe would have greatly trespassed on the velT liniited'space. - Th?'loll wals t11he property of :1 Mirs llaTh. biut shie had not etin' to live -there il;ee the d/e/11 of her lilshband live years ago. The alslrdlly low rentl and tile dis oenrery that the Knoll lent chlanged oaulints lite tilues withill five years. Miade mIy father dubiou whetller this .ruedlingly charminlg haven of rest uligllt no1t prove defective itl the nmatter of aditiins or wlatcr snpply. But le decided lo take it for six nllolths with the option 'df- purchase :at he. end of thatl. time. 'We went in at lltidilllunner. and by Christmas were so well satisfied that -we had fallen upon a ibargain such asI -we were sctrcely likely to again meet mnn equal that my father was about ansik 9ing arrangements for purcllasinig. when a In cident oclcurred which al erled our ,lesire to possess this picturesgque cot itage. It was Christmas Eve. All my brorherls 'were fikpeet-nl home by the last trail. !I and-ilmy sister. Mallge. were putting -up evergreens in tile hall. Darkness fell 1upon us before we had comlpleted oulr :task. but tie lamp and firelight stream inug froml the open door of the dining '?ooll (whllere IIin:ali. our one donmestic. was lalying tile tahle in.relldinels for tlhe urnvellels)l was quite sntlicient. Maldge, who was onl a step ladder. placitng iy oiver the window. suddenly- gave a "piercing shriek. and fell in a heap on the floor, covering her eyes Is though to shut out some fearful sight. Hannah -rushed out of the diinng-room, and in so doing closed the door after her, which added to tile confusion until l1ly father came running down stairs with a light. "What upon earth is the matter?' he .exelaimedas Madge. springing up,threw 'herself into his arms :and buried her face mn his shoulder. "Oh. father." she cried, "I saw a dreadful old man at the window. He looked as if he were dead. Is lie there now?" and she shuddered as she clung .to him. My father opened the front door, but -nothing could he see but the laurel bush: whieh grew dose .under tile window. "There is no one there. You are over tired, Madge."he said,somewhat sternly. "Hannah, take all this rubbish away" giving the holly a kick as it lay on the floor-and lie led Madge off into tile -imining-room and poured her out a glass of wine, but she could not lie convinced that it was her nerves that were at fault. "Would you Iind staying with 1ne. -Mhiss Ianley. while I clear up the holly." said Haiiuah: "Why, IHanmnall" 1 laughed. "Surely you are not afraid of the nman at tile window?' "Yes. I am. Miss," slhe retunled in a. -logged way. "and you must please get *someone else as soon is you (all. I .dursn't stay here now that Miss Madge has seen old Mlarsll." "Old Mtarsh! What'do you meann" "Why, it was 'in, Miss, sure enough. =as Miss Madge saw. I was told when I camle lhere that I shoull never stay be mcause of old Marsh's ghost. But I didn't Sbelieve in ghosts then. and said I'd-risk -seein' 'im anyway; but you see. Miss. it is true enough." "I really do not understand you, Halln "aill. "Who is old M3alsh?"' "Wily, Mrs Marsh's husband, Miss. 'He committed suicide out in the garden lthere. That is why Mrs Marsh cannot bear this place. They say old Marsh .comes and looks in at tile 11a111 window. He 'looks just as he did when in Iis ,ofin. :I dare not live hlere, Miss, so -alense take . mnonth's notice." "Really, Hannah, I am astonished that a woman of your age and sense should l.blieve so impossibile a stolry. .I suppose ou uhave been telling Miss Madge this albsurd -rumnor." "'No, indeed, Miss, I have not. I prolih setl MIr Smnall, the agenlt, I wouldn't -tell why the other people left., and I -houldn:t'tve said a word now if old 'Warsh' hadn't come back." The arrival of the boys dismissed for t~he -time ill thought of old Marsh, al thonugh 'Mage was so timid il lpassing the hall window at night that I was -arefulhto see that the blind was drawn at dark. Tile isolated position of the _ronse 'lmd:hitherto made this seem un meeessary. My father and thle boys treated 'her larm and Hmannah's deter iatiilon to'leave as a Imhuge joke. until (ne night when I had forgotten to draw -h blind, .Bernardy,my youngest.brother, rwent from the drawing-room, where we all were, to fetih somethhlid flrdin the diihilg-rooll. "Fatler;" he :called. "come hero uizckly " -The -sharpl ring of terror or pain-we could not tell which - in his -oiee made-us all-follow lny father Into -he hall "Look," -cried eleinard, who, with blanehed .face, stqod midway between the.dlining-roolm and the .11ll window ; '.is that old Marsh ?" \- There, sure epough, in the upper part of the window?,; e all could distinctly s~ee::the head -anfd ?shoulders of :In old man. : The features set. the ey1lids -"oseid,as In the-awful stillness of death. In life it could not:hare been caler than -in unpleaslng face, iut with .t1e seal -of death adding to its coldness and hard e~s:, it aplpeared -positively hidoeous. \- "'This must bie a elever-ly played ! rick." soaid my father, goinl.-g nse up I. tile =lass and peerlng out. Iut th1 ,.ltl. atill face seemed to meek hlim. folr rere .tt was, in slhadowy oltline againsllt th11 Iaurels. lie and the boys searchllendaround tt;, ,aushes, but nothing could tiler see or !hear save the solughlllg oftthe wiunld a:nd the uilrmur of the distant Pet. Hour after hour we ke'lt going out illto tlhe hlall to see if the sh:ldowy fortl of tile old tain .wenre still there. Yes. tlheroc it was, and its very mnlorlltOhlllleSs addced to its horrible fascination. It wa.b long lifter mldnight Ie-fore Of e could Ite per utunded to dispelrse. altllhoutghl fatllter. u)on Itis return fronlli putting out the lights hin Ille dinillg- reoom, t llnkfulltly inlformlnoid tIls ILat thile hIlorrl face Ihad (lisat.ppeared. 'I will fathlom this to-lllorrow," said ;Ie, "or e'Lse we will go out of the hounse :It on0e. I will see the agent and hear what lie has to say about this cock-and iUnll story f-annah tell.<" Accordigly pext day )to went to Wt~S Vale. .'1hc anilln a11vehil dtiat'it wi retiprteid thait 'Thi- lnotll? was linnted, buit,'salti he, "That, sir, is enjily ac.iciiinted for, becanusof Mi.XM~lrrh dilestrtyiing himself in den fthe ghrden facng thle hose People. ,are always ready to:delare: a -place' haunted that-has been thescene of: a suicide or' inudlei" Quite so," agreed my father. "I am no -believer in ghosts, but the fact re mains that mydaUghter,a fortnight ago, saw the head and shoulders of an old man, apparently dead; and we all saw the 'same face last night through the windowrr: On no account shall I remain at The IKnoll unless the affair is cleared up. Will you spend an evening with us? Should the face again appear you will at leist be able to tell us if It. re sembles the late Mr Marsh?" Willingly the agent acquiesced ; but though he canme for a whole week noth ing was seen of the apparition. That the man thought us little less than Idiots we were well aware. "I think, 'sir," sald he done evening when lie rose to go, "you' will allow that It is useless my coming out here night after night." . . "It. does seem like it," returned my rather. "but come until the end of this week." At this moment Hannah burst into the room 0 without ceremony, crying,-"Old Marsh! sit; old Masll!" Quickly we went into the hall, and aglin were confronted by the cold shadowy form of the dead man. The agent took one glance, and putting ul? his armnus to ward dlf the dreadful sight. excliluned in hushed, horrifiied tones: "It is lie. sir, it is Mlr Mirsh'.!" Elxplanation there was none. Sleep in that houllse another night not onle of us wouldl. Late houtgh it was. we walked ilntoSea Vale and took rooms until such time aswed cdlili remove our belongings. The agent refnsed to again, undertake the letting of Tile Inoll. lie wrote Mrs Marsh.a fll account of what he hIta Ihintself witnessed.' The folloo:ln day .brought him a let ter from .Trs Marsh. who ommnlenced byl exipressl g lher thankfulness to have -t last discovered the reason why she could not keep a 'tenant.. Having no porrrait of her hintind she had a east taken af ler deith lltd a bust executed by a well known sculptor. This bust she felt sure wa:s not 'a thing strangers would care to have about. Therefore when she let Thel'nolt'furnished.it was placed on the top of the oak cabinet facing the dining room dloor. Thltt it was the reflection of this ?uast thrown upon the hall win dow she had but little doubt. Sihe re quested the agent to ask miy father to :o ith ibliUm to The Knoll and see for iim self. - We went tlht night 'in abody. - No tlimtg:eould lie seen of the bust from the floor, but upon climbing to the top of the Isto?lp ladder there it was. lpushed far back :imiust the wall in the hollowed arch of the alcove. We lighted the lansps:nnd went into the hall. There, :Is before, was tile face that had so alnrmed its landl previous tenanlls U1pon rdosing tile door it. of course, inlstantly vanished. SWe are still living at our beautiful. cottage, and we often congratulate our selves nlpooll the fortun:lte dlis(ovniy of asn olltieal ilhision. which. upon the ?re-. moval of the bust, happily freed us from tile tiresence of " 'Thle Iman at the Win-ll dow:"-"Loldon Dr;tllttlc New:." 