S O- DERFUL- WOMAN; OR, , THE V/AGERFIELD MYSTERY. "F 3yF-S .MAY AGNES FLEMING. CIIAPTER XIX.-(Conitnued.) * ".ho was that?" the earl asked. "A The go'nesa. me lord. Ie lady's pw gov'ne-s. Come two hours ago, my ; -. Her name is Miss 'Erncastle." i. :!he carriage waiting, Soames?" in a:-1 my lady. salling in. "You, Uncle y. uL ani at half-past ten! What mir :- will hap en next? You don't mean ?yyou are coming with Cecil and I to :e D~uchea, of Stratheam's soiree D *on't, indeed. Nothing is further fr:.al my tioughts than soirees musi c:--r . Ginevra, who is that new gover r s of yours? She is your governess, FEa-. s tells me." ":tat, Miss Herneastie? .Where did a _se her?" S-a? her just now as I caise in. She's ;- ydistingui.hed-looking person,isn't shr? rursery governesses don't usually loc: like tragedy queens, do they? She a very remarkable face." -:a she? You are as enthusiastic as Suehnie. She Saw her at noon, and ray d -_bout her for half an hour. I must re :-y blind or stupid-I confess I can oon a see a preposterously tall young py- an, with a pale, solemn face." Enthusiastic, am I?" Lord Ruysland .-p;ted. "I wasn't aware of it; but I cno knew another face very like it .wer:_rfully like it. Xnd I give you my :wcd of honor that as I came upon Miss \--.:. t" be sure- Herricastle standing ithre in the moonllght, I thought I saw CI'APTEPR XX.--AT SCARSWOOD. La-e in the afternoon Lady Danger he!i, her uncle, cousin. new governess, aw- wervants-an imposing procession 'rr:ved front London at Scarswood Park. -:arswood! With the rose flush of the :in- sun upon it, with the glades, 'the law:.s. the shrubberies steeped in gold. with the stone urns on the stone terraces turn.?d to burnished silver, the scarlet r? like sparks of fire; every;leaf of the cop^:r beeches blood-red rubles, the win C'-os glancing through the trees like shv::_- of burnished gold. 'Scarswood Park and the turreted old mansion came cil.n them-a marvellously fair picture. Trackless depths of fern waved away and away, the great fish-liond spread out like a silver mirror. Landscape gar de- r-. under my lady's orders, had done their work; the parterres, the tropic bloorm. the wealth of myrtle and mig nonette. of roses and gerantums. were litk unto some modern Garden of Eden. "How lovely! What a magnificent old place*" Lady Cecil' exclaimed. "And you call it dull as death-as dismal as a tomb. Ginevra." It was Lady Cecil's first visit to the.an ce.tral home of her cousin's rich hus band. and in her heart of hearts the girl dearly loved the country. Lady Dangerfield glanced around her With a little sou, air." 'So it was, so it is, so it will be--if I let it. Why can't the London .sesoil -ast for ever? I like'rural life and rus tic scenes-in pictures,. In.real lifd give me Belgravia." . "And balls, soirees, olieras, drawing rooms and drives-the old weary trend .mill, tiresome, endless round. For iny self.six weeks in London, if you will,fotle of Paris, and the rest of the year'in just such a dear old country house as this." S"Well, my dear, you shall have all that and more when you are Lady Tre genna. Tregenna Towers is as old again as Scarswood, and twice as rural. Is that my lordandmaster I see on the por tico steps? Really he shrivels up and grows smaller with every passing day! -A·'nd here comes Pearl and Pansy flying -daown the steps like wild Indians. SIiss 'lerncastle, what do you think of your future home and your future pupils?" The governess, in charge of my lady's fat IKing Charles, had taken the third seat in the carriage. The earl had not driven with the ladies from the station. itiss Herncastle's large, calm eyes had teen taking in everything, and Miss Ilerncastle's calm tones replied: "It is a beautiful place, my lady: but I have seen Scarswood before." "Indeed! This is not your first visit to Sussex. then? Was it in Sir Peter's time or before? Pansy, Pearl! Little wret ches, do you want to run under the car riage wheels? Stand back and be -stilll S-ir Peter, how stupid of you to let those children run wild in this boisterous man ter!" . - It was my lady's first greeting to her husband, as she was assisted out of the carriage. Sir Peter had come down the .steps to meet her; she gave - him -two gloved fingers, then gave the twins first a shake, then a kiss. The little nine year olds were miniatures of herself the same round black eyes, the same c risp black hair, the same petite fea tures and proportions, and so much,also, like one another, that it seemed impos sible at first glance to tell them apart. "You disobedient little midgets!" their Lrother said. "How often have I told you not to rush to meet anyone in that hoydenish way? Wlhat is your maid thinking of to let you?" "'Twasn't Susan's fault, mamma," -Piped one black- eyed twin. "Site told The to stay in the nursery, but me and Pansy saw the carriage, and you and auntie Cecil from the window, and we Couldn't star. We're so glad you've come, auntie. Our dolls haven't got a SlUmmer dress to their backs!" Lady Cecil laughed. and kissed the twins. Children-always fell in love tith her at first sight. "Not a summer dress to their backs, Pearl, and the season so far advanced! P harrowing case, which must be at tended to immediately. Sir Peter, iill you endorse Pearl's stelcome, and ray you are glad to see me likewise?" She gave him her hand with a smile that thawed even the frozen nature of Bir Peter Dangerfield. -To be glad to see anyone whio wavs a visitor and daily expense was not in his nature; but, as iuch things had to be under the rule Ct his very much better half, he shook Lady Cecil's delicate grey glove, and said something about his pleasure -in iflcoming her to Scarswood, - 'And Searswood is a home to be proud of,"' Lady Cecil said; "my idea of an Oarthly paradise, as I told Ginevra just row. Papa stayed behind, Sir Peter, talking to a friend. He will be here for dinner. Permit me --liss Hern castle, Sir Peter Dangerfield. Ah, Pansy! Oh. Pearl! no more dolls and . dress lnaking. Here Is a ladys- come all the P ay from London to train you in the toar you should go." The twins fixed four big, bright black -yes full.on the new governess. Sir Peter bowed-the governess was at some ulttle distance--then stopped, put iup his eyeglass, and stared again. .The overness came a step nearer, fixed her -yes upon his face, made a graceful bthisance, anld turned to her pupils. "1'ill you give me,.a kiss, my dear ? You are Pansy, are you not ? -you PearI? Ah, I thought I could tell the difference, though you are so much like." " . . . "I trust, Sir Peter, you saw thatthe w3.holstcrers fitted up tile drdwing and uning rooms according to my orders? Iavre the pictures ar---" She stopped "ihort "Good gracioust Queenie! what a myl husband staring at? Sir Peter!" He never heard her. His eyes; behind ls double eyeglass: were fixed ulion n'3s HeIemcastle. His face had turned to a dull vello- liallor from.. brow .to thin. Ilis wife stood and looked at him Ohllast. "For Heaven's sake, look at him, lueenie! Is he going to have a fit or .Sir Peter Dangerfield, what.. on artih is the matter with you ?'" ., Pihe caught his arm impatiently, and .a'e him no gentle shake. - "He's staring at you.ItMIss IHern ste!c. What is the matter with hlin?' ,?is Hierncastle turned calmly fromr la chjiltdren, and again iboked: at?the "He certainly looks very' ilL :Is :the? anythirig .I can do ?" "Hervoic!s thebaronet said, in - a horror-struck, Whisper;' "hlier , yes; her S face! ' OhhHeavenhl- Who is this?'.": "Who?" his wife cried,-with a second angry shake. "Are you mad ? Who r are you looking at ? What do you :r mean ? Who ?" e "That wonian--that girl! Who .is s she ?" s "Miss Herncastle, the - children's c governess, you idiot! - Lalyj.,Danger- f field actually called the baronet an 1 "idiot!" and gave him a second 'hake h into the bargain. "What is there about I her. to frighten you. into fits, 'I should I like to know ?" • "Miss Herncastle, the governess," he muttered, falling back: "and for one moment-I thought-I could have sworn it was-it was--" "Well-whom ?' "One dead and burled for six lohg s years." He turned his back abruptly, and with that ghastly answer walked -into the house.. : .Myladly urned angrily upon her new governess. n "Really, Mliss Herncastle,"' she began, haughtily, "this is very extraordinary, I must say. The Earl of Rusysland sees you last night in the moonlight, and I takes you for e ghost; Sir Peter Danger- t field sees you to-day In the sunshine., and takes you for another. Who are i you, pray ?" The .faintest symptom of an amused smile dawned-on the tranquil face of the tall nursery governess. "I am Helen Herncastle, my lady, and- F the ghost of.no one that I know of." - Lady Cecil laughed outright-her sweet. mellow laugh. - "How absurd you are, Ginevra. Ghost, indeed! Only evil consciences see ghosts, and Mliss Herneas'le Is much t too substantial for ghost or fairy. She I resembles someone Sir Peter has once I known-dead six years, he said. Was there not a cousin-a young lady who I died suddenly, an - "Impostor," said Lady Dangerfield. "Yes, there was-I daresay it is she! It's not Miss Herncastle's fault, I sup pose, that she must resemble dead people, but it's very extraordinary and very unpleasant. My, nerves hlave re ceived a shock they. will not recover from for a week. I hate scenes!" SRich with silver, sparkling with, cry stal, white with linen, gay with flowers, was the round dinner table at Scars wood that night. My lady, dressed in one of Worth's most ravishing master pieces, though there were no gentlemen to admire -but her uncle and husband, looked a fit goddess to preside at the feast. Lord Puysland, bland, urbane, suave, smo6th, was faultlessly attired, and with a rose in" his button-hole. Lady Cecil, in gold-brown silk, the hue of her eyes, was also there, biut not Miss Herncastle. Sir Peter drew a long sigh of relief. "You're not looking well, Dangerfield," my Lord of Ruysland said to Sir Peter; "you positively are not. You lose flesh, you lose spirits, you lose appetite. It is evident that the air of Scarswood does "'ot agree with you. Take my advice, and go abroad." H'is lordship was right - the air of S arswood did not agree with Sir Peter D ngerfleld, and never would. :Lady Cecil, is Miss Hernecastle's hair brown or black?" - Lady Cecil glanced round, glanced down, for she was the taller of the two, and saw the pinched, yellow face of t little Sir Peter. Now', Lady Cecil, out of the greatness I of a generous heart, had an infinite pity for all long-suffering things, and she 1 pitied Sir Peter greatly. 5 "My 'dear Sir Peter, how you. startle \- me ! I was thousands of miles away, I I believe, when you spoke. What did you say? Mliss Herncastle-what?" "I asked you if Miss Herncastle had long, light-brown hair?" A curious question, surely. Lady Cecil's soft, fawn-colored eyes opened a little as she replied. "For its length I cannot answer. Who can tell who has long or short hair in these days of chignonsand false tresses? Of the color I can speak positively. It is black-jet black." "Black!" He gave a great gasp of relief. 'tYou are sure, Lady Cecil?" "Certain, Sir Peter. And her eye l)rows and eyelashes are of the same dense darkness." "And her eyes, Lady Cecil-are they grey?" "Still harping on my daughter!" laughed La Reine Blanche. "Yes, Sir Peter, they are grey-very dark -very- large-very fine. You ap pear to take a most extraordinary in terer' in Ginevra's new governess, cer tainly. Resembles, doubtless, some one you have known?" "Resembles! that is not the word for it. I tell you, Lady Cecil." in a. voice of deep, suppressed intensity-" it is the same face, the same-the same. Older, graver, deeper, changed in some things, but the same. The face of Katherine Dangerfield!" The name had not passed his lips for years. His eyes had a glitter, his whole face an excitement, his voice an inten sity she had never heard before. She drew back from him a little, yet curious and interested too. "Katherine Dangerfleld! Yes, I have heard her story. It was in the papers years ago, and Ginevra told me of her at the time of her marriage. A very sad story-a very sad fate. She lost all fortune, name. father, and lier affianced husband-on her wedding day, and a week after she died. It is the saddest story I think I ever heard. What a das tard, what a cowardly dastard, that man must have been. What became of himn. Sir Peter?" "I don't kndw-I have never asked--I never cared. I was not to blame-nio one has a right to blame me-I only took what was lawfully my own. Sh1 had no shadow of right to Scamrswood! How could I tell she would die? Othe'r women lose their fathers-.thelr husbands their fortunes, and live on. How did I:know it would kill her? I say again!" his voice rising shrill, and high, and angry, "no one has a right to blame me!" "And no one does blame you, Sir Peter. Why should they? Of course you could not foretell she would die. And Gine vra's governess really resembles this poor dead young lady so strongly?" "It is horrible, .I tell you, horilble! I thought I saw a ghost when she rose be fore me three hours ago. Lady Cecil, do you believe in ghosts?" He asked the question abruptly, and with perfect gravity. Lady Cecil laughed. "Relleve' in ghosts! MIy dear.-Sir Peter, who does believe in ghosts In the nineteenth century? .Surely, Sir Peter, you don't believe in anything so ab '.iurd?" "You laughed, Lady Cecil:' he said, hoarsely. "'In the vulgar siperstition no ghost in shroud ever cime to my bed-5 side, but there ire otherwd'ys' of being haunted. There are dreams-horrible, anifuil dreams,' that come?; night after nilght, the same thing over and over; and from which you start'up :with' the'' cold sweat on your brow and the damp of death in your hair-visions that come to 'you in your sleep froni the isfernal re gions, I believe, more ghastly than any waking vision. Over and over, and ovier the same-what do you call that, Lady Cecil?" "HIot suppers; Sir Peter, and heavy dinners. Any skilful phystician will ex orcise your dreaming apparitions." 'And a few miles from here there ls a lIoilse, Bracken Hollow it is called, which no one. not the bravest in the parish; is 'illlng to ipass'after nightfall. A liouse in which a murder once :was done. where unearthly sights a~ire seen at unearthly: hours, and iinearthly sounds heard.: W.hat do you say- to "That it's a• ver. common story, in ded.:e Whyb at Olive Court papa's i!ace in HIants, people say there is a ghiost Blut what about this Braelkjs :'An old womanlrilves thereie A witch, ieople sai Sh was ath.ri.e Da:ier-. field's nurse-old Hannah. A ' ahe I shall pa: old' Hannah' a visit and investigate." . And-Lady Cecil walked awayleaving S?;S? I ete.r gloomil;; by ithe --indow alone. - - -. "Hi- thoioutb t were still with Kathe rine'Dangerflerd, as they nearly always were. What a life, IIndeed; was his! for evening after- evening, : rain or shinei summer or winter, through sleet or storm, a "spirit in his feet" led him, I whether or no to Katherine Danger- c field's grave. He had no wish to go, but I he went-he could not stay away. It. had grown such a habit that it seemed < to him now if le did not pay that twi- I light visit she would assuredly visit him before morning dawned. He made his I daily pilgrimage to this Mecca, and the I people of the town had grown tired of talking and iwondering over it. "He took everything from her when ( she was alive," they said, "and now that i she's dead he plays the hypocrite, and i visits her grave every evening. I won- I der he isn't afraid shle'll rise up and confront him." Perhaps he. -as it.had.been.the mania of his life. Surely Katherine ihad kept her vow., He. was; if there ever' were in the world. a "haunted mani" sane enough on: all- other, things - on this. much thinking had made him mad. He retired early. that night ---he was less alone shut up by himself. than In the drawing-room with. his. wife and her relatives. All night long candles burned in his bedroom, and one of the men ser vants slept in an open closet adjoining. Never without light, and.never alone. He had grown sleepless too, and it was generally the small hours before slumber came to him. He arose late next day, breakfasted by himself, and did not join the family untll-lunclieon time. Miss Herncast!e was not at that meal. greatly to his relief. It seemed she was to take all hers with the chil dren in the nursery. He had his wife's hauteur and intolerance to thank for something at least. He returned to his study, spent three hours impaling his beetles and cock chafers, then arose, put oni his hat, and turned to leave th'ehouse. He took the road to Castleford and walked briskly onwards until he reached the church yard. The last light of the July sun came slanting over the downs, through the" trees, and lay in "ridges of glory upon the graves. It was all strangely hushed here: the town with Its bustle, and life. and noise, lay behind. Death and sl lence reigned. He rarely met-anyone at this hour; the townspeople were taking their,tea. Yonder was the house wherein she had died-yonder her grave,. with its grey cross, &4granlte one now. its brief inscription "'Katherine. stat 17. Resurgam" -He knew it so well--he had been here so often. Would he go on coming here, he wondered wearily, as long as lie lived ? He paused. What was that ? He was near the grave, and, standing look ing down upon it. her back turned to him, he saw a woman. A woman! His heart ! gave one great bound, then seemed to turn cold and still. He went on-on-softly over the grass, impelled by the same irresistible fascination that di-e -r'him there. - His feet.struck a dry; twig; it' snapped: the. womani: turned and looked round.-- There, over Kathe rine Dangerfield's grave, lo6dkng at him with Katherine Dangerfield's eyes; stood Miss-Herneastle, the governess! .(To be-Continued.) 