& G R E A T W R O N G ; OR, THE mystery of b l a c k ITOLLOir GJtAXOE. CHAPTER XVIII.—Coxxnrom. " Well, Donald, what news do vou bring ?" qnestioned Doctor Nugent from the little table where he was busily engaged preparing powders for Ambrose, who lay in the adjoinir.sr chamber, not dead, but utterly un- Ciinsi'ious. l).inal<l sat down, and began to rub bis horny hands above the blazing hearth. " Bad enough news, doctor," he replied. " They couldn't find the lass, Isabel, ami the squire died yesternight, jast after the dark." -Gone is he? \Ve!l, I knew he'd never rally again, when I left the house," the doctor answered. " Lord bless us, Donald, what a po«ver of mischief these fair.faccd, rattlebrained girls bring about I" " Ay, ay, sir 1'* responded Donald, heartily. " If that girl bad remained at borne, in- •tend of running off to her iruin, poor Melville wonli be alive to-day." " And to think of Ambrose, my poor, handsome lad " the mother began to whimper, " as might have been her husband this morfefne—" " Ilush !" interrupted Donald, sternly. " D'ye want such a rash girl for the lad's wife, dame 1 Better for him to be lying as he is than yoked to the likes of her. Do yon think the lad II get ovu it, doctor?" tha father cftntiuued, his roioe unsteady. " Certainly he will. Who ever heard of a broken arm, and a cracked cranium, and a cracked cranium, and a stab or two, killinga big six-footer like Ambrose ? He'll rouse up after a bit. Now, IVTgive a pretty penny to get at the bottom of this mystery! What could have been going on at the old manor f And what took Ambrose there that night ?" Diitiald shook bis bead, and his wife whispen-i in an awed voice : " The manor's haunted, doctor, and it wer.> all alight the nichto* Ambrose's wedding. The murdered lady comes back—" " I'DO-I ; pooh! you silly woman ! There was s 'm''thinsr besides ghosts at the manor ; it t.».ik fl.'sh and blood to cive the lad them ncly holes in his side. How did the old place look this morning, Donald—was all quiet ?" " All quiet, sir," replied the seaman, ad. dinp, in a sort of awed whisper, " but the dog's there yet." The doctor wheeled in his chair. •• There yet ? Well, now, Donald, that's confounded strange ! What can keep the bi net. up there 7" Donald shook his head again, with grave solemnity. •• That I can't say, doctor," he replied, but there lie is, and there he'll stay, inspitt of you. Didn't we fetch him home yester day, and ba -k he went like a Hash ! He was on the terrace as I came by, and when I ri"!ed t" him ho e»ve a cry that was human I. V foundsomc;h!>-~, doctor—there's no mislake about thai !' ' Found wtiat, man ? Wasn't the old house searched yesterday ? I was over there mysi-if It was as empty as a drum ; not eve! a strav ghost in sight." So they told me ; but the dog found ( imi'thiiuj all the same. I have ev,-ry conS. di-nce in that dot'. Somewhere, in that old hnusc, there's a human creature hit,, ">n sure »f it." '• father?"' It was the voice of Ambrose thki, „nlled. Donald leaped to bis feet as if a bullet had itruck him, and made for tie adjoining room, followed by the doctor and his wife. Ambrose was sitting up in bed. a look of oa^cr intelligence on his white, haggard face. What was that you were saying about the dug, father ?" he asked, as Donald readied him. " Is be watching at the old manor f" " T"at's it, laa,' - repliea the tattier, lay. ing his hand upon his head, while his rugged frame shook with repressed emotion; '-the dog's up there. But my son, I am giad to see you getting better." The mother fell on her knees by tne bed. and began to weep noisily, while the doctor proceeded to mix a composing draught with all possible speed. " l'ea, father, I'm getting better," Ambrose Continued. "How long have I been sick? How did I get home ? I can't quite remember." " We found you np there, dead, as we thought, and fetched you home, my lad," eobbed Donald. " Yes, yes—you found me at the manor, you mean. There, father, pray don't worry, father, I'm all right. How long since you found me—" " 'Twas yester morn, Ambrose—Wednesday morn." "And this is Thursday ? Yes ; and the dog's there yet ?" There yet, Ambrose." " Here, yon drink this.yonng man," interposed Doctor Nngent, preferring his draught, "and lie back upon your pillows and keep your body quiet, and your tongue, too I" Ambrose swallowed the draught, but did not follow the little doctor's advice. " Doctor, am I much hurt ?" he asked. " Well, quite seriously ; but I'll have yon on your feet in a fortnight—" " Nonsense 1 I must go ont to-day, at once !" The doctor only laughed. "Father," said the young man, turning his haggard face toward Donald, "getout the sleigh and harness Black Bess. I must go up to the Haunted Manor, at once." The father Bhook his head disapprovingly. •«I must go," Ambrose continued "tosatisfy my own eyes—to see what the dog has found. There was a woman there," his white face flushing swiftly. "I beard her. She may be there now, father. I must go and eee 1 Will you go with me ?" " A woman 1" shrieks the dame, wringing her hands. " He's seen the murdered lady's ghost. Oh, my poor Ambrose, enticed into that awful place on his wedding night, and cheated of his bonny bride." "Silence !" commands the doctor, sternly. •' Not a word more, if you value his life. Youug man," he continues, "if you're not a lunatic, you won't talk of leaving your bed in a week, much less leaving the house. The haunted manor was searched yesterday by the proper authorities, and not a soul found. Doubtless you were decyed into a trap of some sort." " Ppare your words, doctor, please," 6miles the yonng patient, '-and mix me a strengthening draught like an obliging fellew. Here mother, help me into my clothes; and, father, hurry with the sleigh, will yon f Gracious heavens," he goes on, leaping suddenly out of bed, and standing tall and resolute and hagirard in their midst; '• a day and a uigbt I've been lying here already, and enc may be dead or dying ] For mercy'a e&ke;, father, be quick." " Do the bt-et yon can for him, doctor," whispers Donaid, as be goes ont to harnut Bta.:k Bees, "There is not a bit of use oppoHins him ; he'll go, if he crawls on his hands and knees." More fool he," growls the doctor, proceeding to prepare tha draught. " I wash my bands of the whole business. Nevertheless, being a humane and obliging nan bt heart; when he finds that bis patient really will go, Doctor Nugent accompanies him. " 'Tis a judgment sent npon me and him for the wickedness I've done," moans the wife of Donald, standing in th« cottage door, as Black 13e-s star's oil. all her silver bells ringing a merry peal. ' Look at him now, my handsome lad, that I thought to see Isabel's husband, well nigh murdered, and his brain crazed, and it the work of tbem wicked souls as tiaunt the old manor I 'Tis a judgment on me ; but I can't tell. I can't brcak Donaid'a heart, and he a happy man so many years. I've kept the secret eo far, and I'll carry it to my grave." " Look I there's the dog on the terrace steps," cries Donald as they reach the main gate. Ambrose leanB forward and watches the animal as he comes flying down to meet them. " What is it, my good dog ?" he c*lls. At sound ot nis masters voice the dog goes into ecstasies, leaping upon the seat, and licking the young man's hands, then with a wild, peculiar cry he is off again, in th&'direction of the manor. " We mast follow him, father,'' says Ambrose, quietly. "Give me your band—1'JU very stiff and sore." " You'll find yourself worse than stiff, boy, to-morrow," grumbles the doctor,-as Donald assists his son: "and no one tobiamebut yonrsslf." Ambrose only smiles in his qttet, res®, late way, and, fastening Black Besi toll post, the tbito so on abreast, following'the dog's lead. As tbsy mob th» Mmcttfc* little doctor & ttitft ftttUmt wwiftmt ot . the silent house. He does not relish the nndi-tta\ing at all, though he feels n me of the superstitious dread that curdles Donald's blood. ••We shall find ourselves in a nest of thieves or counterfeiters, an 1 ?ct our heads smashed for oar rashness," he mutters. But Ambrose takes jio heed, and they go on. Straight into the manor, down the the dim, resounding hall, and up the dusty stairs the dog leada, leaping on with wild frantic barks that seem fraught with human entreaty. The old house is as silent as a tomb, as cold and as cheerless under its winding sheet of enow. Not a sound greets them, not even a stray mouse crosses their way. Up the silent stairs, on and on down the dreary length of the lone corridor, until they reach the old library-room, wbioh opens into the black draped ante-chamber. Ambrose follows the doe with steady resolute steps, though his face is awfuliy white and his breathing sharp and soort, and his father and the doctor follow him. In the library, where the dnst-laden floor is stained here and there with drops of blood, the dog pauses, with a long, wild err, then he leaps into the aute-room and disappears. 1 The three men follow him breathlessly, and find him under the tatterei b'ack arras scratching at the solid oafcen panels. ' '•What is it. my good dog;" cries Ambrose, tearing away the somber drapery, his face flushing With eager excitement. The poor dumb creaturc tries hard to tell. He leaps to his master and caresses him, and then throws himself against the panels, uttering plaintive cries. ' There's some creature hid about here " remarks Donald. " ' "Ay, father," Ambrose answers, "that there is. Here, my good dog, where is he? Show me where." The dog throws himself against the central panel with wild force and frantic cries. " The dog's mad." growls Doctor Nugent; " and yon are as white as a ghost, Ambrose. Conic away, Donald; we've had enouerh of h this folly." 4 , Go if you like, doctor," Ambrose answers, curtly. "I shall remain. Father, can there be a secret passage anywhere here, think yon? Some of these old border dwellings had them, you know." "I never heard of one in this house," Donald replies, tapping on the oaken boards. " T.ien, what docs the dog mean, father?" ' ' iiouald shakes his bead, in dire perplexity. Ambrose stoops had proceeds to examine th e panels, every crack, and joint, and crevice: but to no purpose. His broken arm and wounded limbs pain him terribly, and he begins to grow sick and dizzy ; but some strange feeling within him, prompts him to stay. "t wish we had an axe," Ambrose says; "I'd burst these panels in. There must be s m.'thing behind them. Suppose you let me rest a bit, father, and yon drive over to Dotti:i:ii's and get an axe f Datham will come wi th you, too, and he's a stoat fellow. I wish you would, father 1" Doctor Nugent gives utterance to an exclamation, tha; we will refrain from recording, and stalks out of the black curtained ante-room, in high indignation; but Donald, who has indulged and obeyed his handsome son all bis life Ions, answers hesitatingly : " If I thought you could bear it, Ambrose; but you look so white and ill—" " I can bear it, father—my will always was the strongest part of me," the young man cries. •• Keep me in susuense and doubt, and I'll uo into a brain fever before midnight. I must pet at the bottom of this—you'll go, failie-r, to oblige me ?" D .inn I i turns to go, but be is barely out of the room when a sharp txeiamation from his S'jn caus: s him to hurry back. ••(Jowl neavens, fath. r 1 look here 1" the young sna-i cries, his liu:.'"r3 on a tiny steel suk iiubi'il'k'd in tb : s: lid oak. "Can this t iiiisr hu a .secret spring.'" As oe s[)!-aks he pr<'s5>.s on the shining !>;mit witij all the mi^'ht that excitement has l .'iit nini ; and io ! v.-ith a sharp click the IB'.TCS. and the uisea panel elides iiMii-.-, revealing a jawuin^ aperture, which to tne amazed eves of Duaald like the muutii of the bottomless pit. The dog leaps upon his master with frantic cries of jay. Ambrose slroves bis bead, but it., is a full minute before he can speak,so great is his eiciicment. Sou are right, my brave dog,"the gasps at last; '• you haven't led. us here fur nothing 1 II. avens. bow biaek it is below tnerel Shout, lather; perhaps someone will answer. 1 can't co.-timand my voice yet." Donald drew near the aperture, his face white andawed, bis knees shaking under hiia. "Halloo 1 Who's below there?" he shouted, lustily. A minnte of breathless silencs, and then, from some subterranean depths below, came a feeble voice in answer, Ambrose leaped to his feet with a cry of triumph. *• Father, did you hear it ? A human voice —a woman's voice. It is she. For Heaven' sake, let me go down quids. Only think she has been down there a day and a night. Let me go 1" "Ambrose, are you mad?" cried his father, attempting to hold him back. But the young man half beside himself in h'-s eagerness and excitemcnt, eluded his grasp, and leaped through the aperture, into what he fancied to be a sort of passage that woald lead him to a dseccnding stairway. But the instant his feet touched the dusty flooring beyond, there was a Gort of rasping sound, and swift as thought, as if by the woraing of some unearthly magic, the solid foundations gave way beneath him, and the trap door, on which he 6tood, shot rapidly downward, burling him headlong into the black pit below. CHAPTER XIX. LiiJII FELLOWSHIP BEUETS LOVE. The Highland storms bad blown themselves out; and on the hills where the snows were melting, and in sheltered moorland noons, where the fitful sunshine fell, the tender green of springing grasses could be seen. In the old cottage-home, with the bleating lambs and the Hids about its doors, Ambrose Uerbart still lay, weak and powerless as a babe. Very near unto death had he been—BO near, that those who loved him best, had kissed his white lips, as they believed, for the last time, anu shed tea Eg of bitter agony over Lis unconscious head. I'et be still jived, and the early spring eunsbine, streaming through the cuement. fell tenderly on his worn face and hair. Whether the genial influence of; the yellow sunbeams, or something more subtle. penetrated his stunned senses, wck&ow; jhot; but his eyes slowly opened, and wandered from one object to another, with a sort* of childish wisttuiness, resting at last upun the luce of the woman who sat watching beside nis pillow. ° The sick man's weary eyes reposed upon tais lace, illumined as it was toy the glory oi tue setting sun, and to him it seemed the face of an angel, .Tarougn all his hours of bitter pain this sweet presence had been near him; when the very death agony clutehed liis heart and bif feet touched the brink of the chill river tbif woman s tender touch had lured him back to life; the soft breatb of her smiling moutb, the divine pity of her tender eyes had soothed and strengthened him, even in his unconsciousness. He looked up at her^is he lay there feeble and powerless, and the light- of a love that was deathless kindled in his eyes. He put forth his band and touched* her sleeve. •• You are a stranger; I do not even know your name," he - whispered, but your face is like an angel's. I think yo.i? presence has saved my lite. Will you sy ak to me?" Sbe started from her slj , t a lovely finsli flaming in her cuueks. Tuank Heaven 1" she cried, bending above his pillow, her sweet eyes "swimming with tears, that smile upon herswect mouin which a woman gives only to the man she lores once and for ever. You will live I" " i shall live. You have saved me," - *' Nay, say not so," her euken" touch upon his forehead, "it wasjvm who saved my life and nsked your own—well nign loft it. It was your presence on that stormy nighttliat < frightened <o& myenemies, and gave me the Opportunity to escape. Out I will not thank jou now, yon are too weak to bear tne. Dnnk this and sleep." lie drinks the draught sbn proffers, and 1 with h?r aoft flo^pis on W nmU tiu f tmags, OJ. I.TIE wnole world save this oae eweet woman and the lore he bears lier. Miss Lenore they call her in Donald's housetioid, and as yet she has told them no-* thing of her life or the man who treated her witti sncn fiendish inhumanity, and absorbed as they have been in their solicitude for Ambrose, they have not cared to ask. For weeks she has lived in the Highland cottage, shut in from the world and all her troubles by the white circle of tha Scottish hills, dreaming a sweet dream, learning for the first time in all her proud life that lesson which sooner or later comes to every woman, the lesson of love. Miss Trevethon, the proud belle of London, the brilliant heiress whom no man could win, sits beneafch the peaked roof of the Highland- cottage, her eyes luminous with an infinite tenderness as they rest upon the white, pain-worn face of this man, who has served her. and saved her life, and won her woman's heart—won it, too, without the askin;, and he the son of a sailor and a goat-herd, and she the descendant of " a hundred earls." Her checks flame and her prond bosom swells as some such thought crosscs her brain, and she rises quickly and descends to the kitchen, where the mother of Ambrose is busv with preparations for the evening meal. She looks up with raiuer a sullen brow at Sliss Trevethon's entrance. She is a good, kindly creature, this dar-k-browed Highland dame, but she cannot forgive this fair, patrician lady, who has been the causa of so much trouble. Bnt for- her, instead of lying at the door of deatb, all maimed and crippled, Ambrose might be the happy husband of little Isabel. She looks up, 8aci an* unsmiling, but Bhe draws forward the best chair and proffers it to her guest. "Sit down; Miss Lenore, if ye won't mind. the smell of the cooking; and there's the papers. Donald fetched 'em from the .post town, a. while ago; a heap of 'em there is. He were an oncommon reader, the poor lad, and laid out every spare penny for the papers, and now he may never look at 'em again, and they're a-lying here for him. It is hard to bear." Lenore sits down, an unwonted flush on her cheeks, a tender brightness in her eyes. " Yes, it is hard, I know, for a mother's heart to bear," she answers, softly: " yet I think you may take hope now, for your son is surely better. He spoke to me a minute since, and I left him in a sweet sleep." The mother glances up from the venison steak she is preparing, her brow still clouded. Ambrose has spoken to her, this pretty, dainty creature I Even if he lives, ha will surely iearn to love her, and she will lure him into foreign lands. And he might have wedded little Isabel, and lived and died amid his native iiills. These are the bitter thoughts that fill her mind as she cuts the red. juicy steak. Meanwhile Lenore unfolds the papers and glances over them listlessly. Her heart is not with the great, gay world she has left, but with the man who lies under the peaked roof overhead. Glancing carelessly a startling announcement catches her eye. It cotnc-s under the bead of " Marriages in High Life," and announces to the proud Bslgravian world, and to all others concerned, that Miss Lenore Trevethon, the beauty, the belle, the heiress, was privately married, in compliance with her own wish, to llichmond Trevethon, son and heir of her guardian, Sir Geoffrey Trevethon, of Lyndith Hall, and the happy young couple have gone to Borne for their honeymoon ; and thence for en indefinite tour, the bride's precarious and failing health requiring the balm and warmth of southern isles an<l tropica] «eas. She reads this, her cheeks whitening, her blue eyes flashing darkly, her proud heart heaving. But in one swift moment her emotion pass -s. What does it matrer ? Even this cannot move her, so great is her present content. She will let her vengeance rest; she will bide her time. Even if she were cut off forever from her name and her birthright, it seems a light grievance in the £rlorrifj-5n<r rapture of her new Joy. She anislands the oid phrase, " All for love, and the world well lost." She throws the paper aside, her eyes growing mistily tender, as she looVs up at the mother of the man who has Buffered BO much for her"eaks. "He is better,"she repeats with n strange girlish timidity; "and, thank Heaven, I am sure he will live now. It would have been endless misery to me if he had died. I owe him such a debt of gratitude I could nevei have known another peaeeful hour if harm had come to him. " Ay, it would have been bitter if he had died," repeats the peasant woman. " It is bitter enough as it is. to see him on his back, all cripplcd for life, perhaps, and he is in the prime of his youth and strength, and to think it was bis weddine-ninfbt when he was decoyed to that awful Haunted Manor." Miss Trevethon felt all the blood in her body surging in a fiery torrent to her heart. " His wedding-night," she said, her voice s faltering. "Ay, his wedding-night, and his bride the prettiest lass in the county, and bringing him a snug dowry besides." Mies Trevethon rises to her feet, white tc the lips, despite all her dauntless pride and self command. In 3II her life, in her direst peril, when she cronched in that black, reek ing tomb, with a lingering death her only hope of rescue, she felt no such pain, no such dumb despair as she now feels. But she 6ets her white teeth hard and clenches her hands. She will die rather than betray her weakness. (TO BE COHXISUED.) 