A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASl'J INVESTIGATED 1!V A SCORE OF PIMPLE AKD VOUCHKJ) FOB. I1Y A PROMINENT MEMlJEll OP FAltLIA- ME NT, LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON- SIDERED INCURABLE HV THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WOULD HAS AT LAST BEEN CON- QUERED. A CLEAT VICTORY FOR DR, LliilS' l'INK PILLS. |l<\om tho "Australian Workman.") On Thursday afternoon our representative made bin May to the humble home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-Lane,Ultimo, lie was diBcuvcrod nursing a two year-old huby, an.! his [ace declared him to be one of the happiest uiirii in .Sydney. Ilu was up and aliMUt and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing the marks of a critical illness, and a pi-iiml of pain, it was very clear that ho was au invalid on the rapid road to noilvuli .hctiim. In reply to the preliminary qucBlions, lie said: "Vou want to know oil about my cast'? Well, 1 am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those M ho are stricken as I was." "llow loug were you suffering!" "Well, twelve mouths ago I got so bail that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five year* ago, next Cliribtmas, I met with »n accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in l'itt-slreet Sydney. Since the accident I have been iu failiug health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billot atClebe Island." "What were your symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about us much as I coiiM I)'nr. Tliey were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones iu two in every part of ine. I had no control over my buwela or batlder, aud was a nuisance to myself and everyone clsr. I was iuccsssntly shivering and shaking, and could neither cat nor ele«-p. On tile 23id March lastlssw a woll known doctor and ho told ino that my case was utterly hopeless. However he ga/e moan order to the Director of Charitable Institu- "Did yon make use of the ordei?" No; I cams home and went tn bed, and have been preltv well iu bed over since. Five worka ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of lied. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days wheu I would give op the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all be could,.by opium and morphia Ills, to ea-« the agony I waa in. _ was under liini for five or six weeks. He cams to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia or Progressive locomotor ataxy, n disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of Rait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. lie told me that I might last for ten years, aud that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked bis legs abont with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) . Well just as a drowpiug man will grasp at a straw, I grasped an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the oase of another boiler-maker in Kngland, whirh I read in 'Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pilla for Pale people. I read iu tha. adrortisemeut of a case which Beamed to fit my own, I determined to ;ive the pink pills a trial anyway, and sent or a box. The effect was marvellous as H was magical; 1 «as able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It waa the first appetite and test I bad for many • day. It was incred. jble. I immediately left my bed aud waa able to more abont, I have taken four boxea in four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stiok. and am gradually, but surely recovering tny former vigor and vitality. Vou sec those cratches there! They an perfectly new. and I bave never used lhem. Til By were made before Igot the PlukPills but I was too weak to uae them. All 1. want is this stick, and I bops soon, to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength. • He is 100 per cent better, eaid Mrs -JarviB- who had come in and takeu the baby on berinecs. "The Piuk Pills have uVed his hfr. and made another man cfl bin • A Ineod who called in at tliis.point, said that Jarvia looked ten years; younger that day thanbe did a, foripiiiht previously. , "I pan .now/' continued Jorvis. -'have a :eold bath, au^ all Uis iceling has come >1»ck Into my legs. If I keep on going the way. I am. I bope fo bo able to resume. "work aaa boiler-lnaker. atid you know I have to. be in tlie pink of beslth and "sttength to fvoikr at tliat trade,. I' am bettor to-day than 'I h»ve lieeo etanfT time < iluriugjth^put fiyc years. ., l.^aeribe all. tbesbauge aud beupSt to tliese Pink Pills. They hav.e.sa^pd nurjtte. 1 am in.no pain] mow. •wb»tever."and feel like a ueiv niui. Oil thejntbtlepleoe thWeisaiiox jif opium" aud <norpbia*pills.vhichitba doctor/gave me to deaden the excruoiatingxiain. But they- «au atay when>'they<*re«fpr*St 4beiu. -# .Bvetj , bixi>'- ! ,whoi-j<no(«Tii'ule. liU. be#n amazed atrUi^>ohange, m?jiir. TJiey^harflly bdif^abelr ey* Hj-; tbcing.about Mafpljal cauifilouiteaCenBjiiwnoui-JiMV* ^uebfs-the romkrbible liulory and it <wnfiips%l|st4B *aU$n;#lfthe eW*ews xiapcra ol tbta oouutryj-otHjie ttstoniaiinB vnresssrromtht'by Or ^Valiums ^inki^llil loriPale People. Ubey.worei locomotor. p»rt»l jl»ri»]ysiS*nd ,iVina diae^e, Ui^w, tUjprdtfs whidijjirlie fam Sydney, who will furwnrd (post paid) on nre.-ipt of Manikin or pes*. order I box for L'b Bl.ui i ilnzvii (or llt'JJ. | ? 