FOOTBALL. New Sooth 'Waleedefhated .ChprterB Towers (Qd.) on Thursday' by 21 'point* to 19. • : r ; . ' The Carlton pid Armidale School -le*m* meet in a aecond'hadge match on the latter'* ground this afternoon, play com mencing *t 4 o'clpeitwhaip. r A general meeting of delegate* to the Union is convened for Tuesday evening next, when the matter of (J, Bliss's permit for, rather, transfer) will he considered. The Walcha club has won the Qnirindi Tamworth-Walcha jnnior aeries, end will' be exiled upon to meet the winners of the Arttidale-Hillgroveaenes el ah early date. The local football grOunda presented a deserted appearance oh Balnrday—aqt^ angle match taking plane. ' The game "js at a very low ehb" jost now, the player* 1 presumably "having followed in the toot steps of the management committee, and \ taken a " well-deaerved holiday." | Band wick defeated Univeriity by 24 pointB to 3 in the semi-final for the Agri cnliursl Ground .trophies. A. Brannd secured two tries for the winners, and George ll'Leanicrotaed the ..line f or lhe Urn's. The result of this match leaves liandwick and Pirates in to disputetlie final next Saturday, U— 'The Gnnnedah team to meet Albions in the fiual ia to be finally selected from the following eighteen -players i—Banderuon, fiheehao, Bgfran, Boberts, Goohey, J. and P. Hamilton (backs), Cnrley, Jarmain, J. and D. Goode, O'Neill, Landers, Jones, Richardson, Cock, V. end H. Newell (forwards). What baa become of Priest and Mart den f ■ ■ v- r ^Thns theGunhedah jfrfoerfiser: "Had final, we ahnnld not have inquire/ too ounoualy into'the: composition of their jtes)a«r At theyArejtompelKagUB to play tHfem en their own patch, we expect to 'tueefrVBly bona fid#Albions." The Gun* tiedah men need not be the least bit afraid of tlie Atbions " ringing in." This practice would not be allowed by the Virion officials. The " ringing in" game was successfully worked on an Arraidale club in 1895, but the A'bions are hardly likclyto degrade themselves by following euch ^n-example* i , r The Albion? are practising assiduously for their forthcoming.match with Gunne* dah,nud intend to give the wearers of the fern- leaf a hard tussle on the eventful day. The general opinion here is that the visitors - will not have " the ghost of a slfttfr/' unless they have.wonderfully im proved since the memorable match against -Afmidale two years ago. There is no doubt that the Albions will be able to put tfftir best team into the field, and pro bably the fifteen will be chosen from the following players M*Phee, G. Xfcwall, H. Bmund, Ahern, Hogan, Grossman, Harden (backs), Cottrell, Bliss, J. Newall, Dillon, H and W, Buckley, Bartlett, Geldard, K. Braund, tiichardc, Miller' (forwards). 