Cross-Purposes. CHAPTER XIV.-Continued. 'Saturday ' was the thought that leaped into Evelina's'heart .hen shbe awoke the next morning and she began to count on her, finger s the days that were left. Saturday, Sunday, Monday Tuesday, Wedne.sdv, 'Thursday-only.six; for on Friday Miles was to leave Vieuxport by the boat which went direct to London, o 'that- Thursday was the very last day he would he able to spend at Romarin. Miles Armstrong kept his word, and came out from- town early, bringingi the latest' news of Alec Ryder, who' was still in bed, but of wh6m Mrs Crawforkgave a somewhat better: repl'ot. "And'then' the young people had a very friendly aud h.ppy luocheon tog' ther in the shady old dtlming-room, att 'r which, four of them set off on the first of the young man's farewell pilgrimages. Trix and Lill and Pippa, having had their lessons and rehearsals to attend to, were rather behind hand with their presents to Miles, .and thL were obliged to stay at home, upon one in genious excuse and another,' to finish the. famous table cover at which they 'were all: three working together. Miles's first visit was to his mother's old house, the Villa Verte, which' had been occupied since by a French family, but which now stood empty again,; in the midsl"of its sunny grass-grown alleys and neglected rose bushes. Miles gathered is 'flower or. two and. put them away in his pookei-book. : Whocotioul; say whether he. would ever see the oldN place again 4 The old woman who took care of the house case with a big buncl. 'of'tsuay old keys, and opened the door for themi, and they passed through the echoing rooms, opening a shutter here, a window there, letting in the surhmer air and light, and startling away .the shadows that hannt such old places like ghosts from the past. Dolly had been such a baby that she did not re member very much about the old days in the Villa Verte. But Miles and Nan were sweethearts--silent sweethearts then, as now -even in those old days, and the dilapidated old looms had many a tale for them. ' Do you remember t' Miles, said to Nan more than once; and Nan's dark eyes said, 'Yes.' In the old schoolroom they both stood.and looked about them wistfully. ' This was where you were shut up for a day because you would not tell about 'the apples,' Nan said, laughing. 'I remember,' he said eagerly.. ' And you brought me some dinner in abssketfrom Romarin, and climbed in at the window, and cri d while I ate it.' 'Yes; and afterwards your mother found out ;hlat it was notyou who stole the apples but Bob Talbot, only you would not tell.' Evelina listened with the.deepesb interest to these reminiscences of Miles's boyhood. Mistress Dolly was anxious to see how far her suspicions of the previous night were correct, and she monopolised Nan, leaving Miles and Evelina a great deal together. But she only saw that Miles looked kind and a little absent as he talked tob Evelina, and sometimes a little sad, and that Evelina looked a shade paler, and hardly talked at all. But little Evelins, as she walked at Miles Armstrong's side, stealing a glance sometimes at his grave brown face, was trembling and counting the days again. Saturday was half over already, and then there would be only five. And in a few hours more, as she lay wakeful and shivering in her little white Ied, the girl heard the clocks striking mid night, rand knew that the first of the six days was gone. Sunday- and the bells were ringing, and Miles was at the little church, and joined Miss Denne at the door. after service, and they went to meet Nan and her sisters, and all go home tngether. What a long, happy, peaceful day it was I How quickly the hours wont by as they eat and talked in the dear old over- grown gar den, with thq rustle of the young leaven about them, and the smell of the lilac he avy in the warm air, and the still blue sky overhlesd. And in the evening Lill and Pippa made music for them--beautiful solemn music that. Evelina could never hear afterwards without thinking of that hour. And now it was Monday... 'Oh, happy, days, how fast you'fly I Oh, wait, wait I little Evelina's heart cried out. 'Oh, do not be in such a hurry to go !' But Time was deaf, and would not wait. They went for a rambling walk about the pretty gray old town,.and out by the green cornfields that skirted the sunny woods to the short tweet grass of the clifls above the sea, where they saw the windmills turning in the blithe strong air and the gulls were soaring and calling across the waves below. And on their way homewards they even went to the fair, as Dolly had decreed; and here they had their fortunes told by means of mystic eggs which, when broken, revealed the photographs of their respective fates, together with a synopsisof his or her sharacter and a more or less flowery sketch of eash one's foriune. And they sat for their photographs, the result being a ghastly looking group, which Eveline treasured carefully, though she con sidered ib.a mere libel as far as Miles Arm sronag was concerned, and though she herself, she declared gaily, looked more like a little laughing monkey than anything else in the world between the two lovely sisters whose beauty not even an itinerant photo. grapher could obscure. And then, when Miles had won a huge pink p per rcse as a prize in a shooting gAllery, and had presented the trophy with a low bow to Miss Danse, this being her rsat visit to -the Visuxporr. fair, they were all very tired and dusty' and hlie, and turned their faces towards Romarin, Evelina proudly wearing her paper rosse in the buttoen hole of her jacket. She was happy, .trrmulnously, divinely happy, in spite of. some subtle nAmeless undercurrent of pain which .seemd, to be pyesent with them all. Something caught at her throat like a cruel hand when, in the "idst of their foa, the thought flashed across her that the nezx day would he Tuesday and that there v!ould then be only two days left. Two days---only two short days in which to decide the happiness or the misery of two lives I For poor little Evelina went on dreaming her dream, doubting nothing, living a charmed life in the midst even of. her .cruel terrors and suspense, and seeing everything through the 'lamour in her own eyes. . Site was"only eighteen, uftrr all, and it seemed so natural to be happy. And Miles was. always at her side in those days. How could she bnow, po .r child, that he thought of her on'lya s. Nan Lai arcqie's adoring lit, le friend, as Sir Roderick's promised wife I. She saw only that he singled her out to talk to, to walk with, and, in yielding to the pure and shy delight this caused her, she had no thought of wronging any one or of being unmaidenly. In Nan's heavy eyes and wistful looks during those last days Evelina. saw, only her anxiety about Alec Ryder in his illness, and, the. natural melan choly of a girl who had no hope of marrying the man she loved. For nothing. could have been calmer or more composed than the manner towards each other of the unconfess?d lo'ers. who were so soon to part for ever. Little Eve. lina, having never yet learned how men and women are sometimes obliged to smile lost they should weep in spite, of themselves, a'nd how the world's first lesson to a girl is the necessity for concealment of her real feelings, never doubted to the end that of all the sisters Miles Armstrong liked Nan Lamarque the least, kindly c' he sometimes spoke of her, and that Nan, blinded by her adoration of Alec Ryder, did. Miles at, all times very scant justice. Poor old Miles, too, helped. most uncon scioumly to mislead the child. He was frankly glad of Evelina's sfriendship ..and of her timid liking, to whieh he could not be altogether blind; but he believed that she knew his secret, and liked him for N.n's sake. H?e considered that he bad as good as confessed it when he had asked her on the t-rree of the Casino to be kind to Nan when he was gone and sometimes to speak to her of him. And so, secure in this thought, he walked with Evelina that he might look unsu-pected at Nan, and some times touch her hand or a fold cf her gown. Hardly a word ever patied between him and the woman he had loved for ton faithful years. Sometimes the poor lad thought that.there was no need of words-that Nan under stood him, and that she gave himn love for love; and he found a little comfort in the thought. At other times the torture of her sweetness, of her heauty, of their appronohing separation and of his enforced silence, became almost,more than he could.bear. 