OUR SPECIAL ON THE JOB. : THE BUSHRANGERS TRACKED. THEY BURN THEIR RIFLES. THE LATEST NEWS. Our special reporter, Mr. A. Or. Hales, got into the saddle as quickly as possible and rode to the ccene of the outrage. The robbers chose the spot well and made every arrangement tor a certain Capture. ' Our reporter found a newly-built mia-mia about two miles from Coolgardie on the right hand side of the to ad going out of town. It had been built of boughs by the highwaymen, and was just on the slope or a rise, m a splendid place for a robbery under arms, as the robbers could view the Londonderry road from their place of vantage, and also be . in a position to secure any foot or horse* men who might be coming from Coolgardie. The scene was rugged and wild, and a better spot could not have deen chosen for the daring deed. Our 1 special' then rode into the bush to look for tracks, but found that Inspector McKenna with an armed pa! ty and . -black trackers WERE FOLLOWING A TRAIL that led through the scrub in a north westerly direction, whilst a trooper and atracker had gone south towards the London derry on another trail. Our special rode on the Londonderry track until he met Mr. Mitchell, the manager of Burbank'a Eafiter Gift, one of t e men who had been stuck up by the bushrangers. Mr. Mitchell was ac companied by a trooper, Mr. Nathan, and ?Captain Douglas Saunders. These gentle? men informed our reporter that there was no news further south, and the. party then split up to look for tracks, Captain Saunders and thetrooper going one way, our special, Mr. Mitchell and Mr. Nathan going the other. On the journey MR. MITCHELL SAID 'It was a cold day forme. Mr. Paul, the manager of Burbanks Console, and I were driving ont piowly to our mines. I had £450 of the mine's money on me wherewith to pay the men, and about £1.5 of my own in my pocket. Mr. Paul had about £259 to pay his men, and about £16 or £17 of his own with him. We were. chatting quietly, when all at once THREE ARMED MEN sprang out upon us from a mia that bad been built by the roadside. The men had all their faces blackened, and they were armed with rifles. ' Throw up your hands, you ? ' ; said the leader, the tallest man, a fellow with ! jet black hair that fell long on his neek. We were stunned by the suddenness of the attack, and the man FIRED HIS RIFLE over our heads, and said, ' Up with your handB, and get out of that buggy and be . d ? d to you, or we'll blow your brains out.1 We had not a ghost of a chance, i we had resisted we would have been shot like dogs. I feel sure of that. We got out, and they told us to stand still or be killed. We had to obey, and two of them covered us will) their rifles, whilst the third CLEANED US OUT One man said let the b~ ? keep their private money. We only want the mine boodle.' . The leader, who seemed to be seeking a chance to shoot some one. said, 'Take every cent, I tell you.' The other fellow hesitated, and the leader drew his rifle up and said, ' If you don't take every penuy I'll blow your crimson brains out. We are not. out for fun.' So the other robber took the lot.' Then, they tied us up to a couple of trees, and as they did so a uian who has heard the row came off the 1 rack to see what was UD. The bushrangers collared him and tied him up too. They then went away after warning ub not to make a row, or they would coniR back and shoot us. The other man was the first to get loose and he untied us. We then went for the police, FINDING THE RIFLES. ! Later in the evening our party reinforced by Mr. Allerdale Grainger, M.P., of South Australia, and a friend, met a trooper, and he took ub along a new track about half-a-mile from the scene of sticking up. Horn we saw the burning emberB of a fire, and found the BARRELS OF TWO RIFLES. The stocks had been burned, but the barrels and other steel work were aliright, though too hot to handle. A quantity of ashes proved the robbers had also burnt a quantity of clothing. Mr. Nathan picked up a leather bag which had been carried by Mr. Mitchell, and which had contained the mine money. Needless to say, it was empty. Then we left the scene, and galloped to see how INSPECTOR McKENNA had fared with his party. The Inspector told our special that he and his men had been hot on the scent of two of the desperadoes. They followed them through the scrub light dewn the railway line away below the good's siding. Here one of the robbers changed his boots, but the tracker found them under a log. The robbers then grosser! the main road and made off to the Recie-stion ground, and there they struck into .the main track and all trace of them was lost in the multitude of footmarks. It is a million to one that they are in Coolgardie now, and wijl probably be amongst the first to read this and chuckle over it. THE OTHER ROBBER. v. Right up to time of going to press no news :Ofthe third man, who bad struck out towards Londonderry, had been received. The robbery wes a cool, during piece oi work, caretully planned and boldly excuted, and everything points to the fact that the three men are desperate snd dangerous highway men, who will not hesitate to take life if cornered . ' PROFESSOR' NICHOLAS. Professor Nicholas, the well known mining expert had a . narrow escape, as one of the highwaymen 6aid to Mitchel ' Its a damned good job you are not Nicholas. We wanted ?him, and we would have put a hoh* in his head. Further particulars may be gleaned in a day or two. 