STORY COLUMN. The Grangeland's GHOST. Original for the Bulletin, By Archibald Birt. CHAPTER II. THE DEED. Wilmam GELFROY grew up to man's estate without those softening influences with which a mother is expected to sur round an only son. He was not wanted at home, for his presence was a living proof of his mother's age, and he was encouraged to absent himself as much as he pleased — and he pleased very much, He met, in his wanderings, with good and with bad company, and on the whole he got to prefer the bad -it was easier and jollier but it was much more expensive. By the time he was 21 his small fortune, through the agency of race horses and cards and with the help of Hebrew moneylenders, was considerably reduced, and he began to cast about for some comfortable way of augmenting it, The goldfields tempted him as they do all young men, and he spent nearly a year, of hardwork in trying to make his 'pile' as a miner ; but at the end of that time, finding that is financial posi tion was very little improved, he got tired of the life, left Gympie for ever, and retired for rest and change to Sand port, 'a fashionable watering place about 50 miles from Brisbane.' This pretty little township deserves a more extensive description than that found in the guide books, and above quoted. It would be difficult to show why Sandport should be called a fashion - able watering place, for although it is visited by numbers of important people who move in the society of the great Queensland metropolis, its chief charm hes in its quietness, its seclusion from the crowded world, and in the magnifi- cense and uninterrupted view of the Pacific Ocean whose waves with their 'perpetual moan' break almost within stonesthrow of the houses. The town itsef lies on a bay formed by the pro jecting southern bank of the Narong River which empties itself at the south end of the town, and the tailing extrem- ity of a long island whose direction lies parallel with the coast for about 50 miles. A jetty stretches from the town shore towards the island, and on a certain even- ing in June. William Gelfroy might have been found there. It was cold and dark, so dark indeed in consequence of masses of clouds that a walk on the jetty was not unattended with danger, its far end being unprotected by any kind, of railing ; so that it was quite possible, for a stranger to take a step beyond the pier into the water rushes by with great force. But Gelfroy knew the jetty well, and was indeed sitting with his legs hanging over the edge. His thoughts, as often was the case, were engaged in comparing his own miser- able lot— as he considered, and by con- sidering made it — with that of his step- brother, whom he had not seen since he left England, though they had kept up a desultory correspondence. In the last letter received by him from Fortes- cue the latter had expressed a wish to visit Austria, but Godfrey had not answered the letter and had forgotten all about its contents. Sitting thus, his tLought found expression in an angry murmur, "Damn him, why should he have, so much and me nothing- why can't he die?" And as he muttered thus, he was accusted by a cheerful "Good evening, its very -" the sentence was never finished, for seeing his danger Gelfroy cried out a warning, and clutch ing at his arm, dragged him back -- and only just in time, for in another moment the stranger would probably have stepped over the jetty's edge into the angry rushing water beyond. There was a moment or two of silence between them; and then in a quiet voice the stranger said— "Thanks. I fancy you saved my life. My name is Fortescue— John Fortes cue." As he spoke, peering into the darkness, he extended his hand, which somewhat to his surprise his preserver, as he regarded him, waived aside and even appeared to shrink from, as averting his face he answered, "O, that's nothing ; long out?". "No," replied Fortescue with a short laugh, as he seated himself by Gelfroy on the end of a, pier. "How you Aus- tralians spot a fellow! I am known as a newchum everywhere at sight, but this is the first time that my voice has pro- claimed me." And as Gelfroy made no answering remark, he continued, "I only Ianded in Brisbane yesterday, and came down here to wait for an answer to a letter I had sent to a stepbrother of mine who is out here somewhere, and who I thought would not mind acting as my guide during my Australian travels." He little thought how his companion's mood of sullen anger was inflamed by his words. 'By Gum,' his thoughts ran, 'so he wants me, ME, to play second fiddle while he dances round the colonies doing the remittance swell. Curse him" I'll see him damned first!' Thinking thus he stooped forward to shield a match from the wind, as he lighted his pipe. In the glare of the match-light For- tescue was able to obtain a clear glimpse of his companion's sinister face, leaning forward to do so. As the match fell with a fizz intp the water, and the darkness was momentarily accentuated, Fortes cue was about to ask his name when he felt a sudden vilent drive from behind which plunged him into the tide, that was running by like a millrace. Before his murderous action was completed Gel- froy had an awfal feeling of terror, and he lurched forward and in ... clutch at his falling victim, only to succeed in grasping his hat, and almost precipitating himself into the water. With eyes nearly staring out of his head with their new born horror he peered into the blackness— but there was no sign, and no sound to reveal the whereabouts of his stepbrother. The fiendish impulse which had seized him while Fortescue was reading his face had led him to an action which was to haunt him day and night for all his life. For some moments he sat glaring into the darkness, spellbound by the horror of his crime; then suddenly he became con- scious of the cap in his hand, and bring- ing it from him he cried, "My God what have I done?" The silence seemed to be calling to him, shouting that word which made him shrink- "Mur- derer!" — and a sudden gust of wind with the first stinging drops of a rain squall startled him like a blow. "I must getaway from this," be muttered, and he commenced to run wildly for- ward down the jetty, buffeted by the wind and rain, striking against project- ing seats, stumbling and even falling in his desperate haste to get away. How he reached his hotel he never knew, but even already cunning has come to his aid, and he was able to slink up to his room unnoticed. All night he lay in his clothes staring, staring at the ceil- ing, and listening to the whistle of the wind and the rattle of the driving rain upon the iron verandah roof, hearing all the time that terrible accusing voice; and the morning, coming with its sud- den glow, found him so, and terrified him with its light, bringing a clearer knowledge of his crime and its probable results. He bestirred himself to form his plans of escape from suspicion, and it gave him a grim satisfaction to re- member that he had arranged to leave the hotel this morning — was it only yesterday, last night? — it seemed that years must have passed since. (To be continued.) 