QUEENSJilND. frnoM oub:own* corisegpondent.) ?XliasBANn, Sitturdny, Juno 27. Q.T.C. Jubllco Itncos, Amongst tho numurous functions iu colc bralibn of the Diamond Jubilco Roicn wns tho raco mcelint: luilil at IOuk'Io Farm by thu Quoonsfiiiid Turf Ulub on Tuesday lust, nud it iu satisfactory to he ablo to say tlmt it was on(3 of Lho moat suocussful of all tho'sports HuthoriniTH hold on that day. Our racial; uuthoritios must liavo boon on oxcollout torms with tho motoorologioal mauipnlntors, for tho rain, which ouniu wlion it wus most noodod, oloarod (iff toniporanly in timo to allow tliocourso to dry.nliilo tlio rofroHliing ahowors touuhod the old plnoo up woudorfully, and mudo it a most doairnblo rosort for plcnsure-suokors. Tho nttemliuico was nbout the beat that Wo hnvo soou.ut an off mooting for nmny a loug duy, and tlio roooipts from all qimrtors, iuoluding tho porcontauo from tho .£3300 which wont through the bolting muehiiics, woro so fur in oxooss of tho ex pimdiluio as to oiiahle Air. Hyilo to writo off miothor .profit -of liaarly JjaOO. liuokors of tho favorites woro again badly loft, as out of tho six most fanoicd. runners only two woro successful, uiid tho winnings ou thoao woro of no uocouut as odmpiirod with .tho amounts dropped on tho losers., -.. ! ' ' : Tho ball was opened with tho Trial Haudi cap, for which a field of nino fucod the music, tho favorilo beiuu' ,' tho . two-jeur-old lilly Urazim Lady, who, however, was uuablo to oblniii ii Bitnatioii.' Tho linislr was loft toRe vengo and Advanoo IfM'btitivoon whom tliuro was u great battjo up tho straight, and Uo voiiiio got home by a head in the sluw timo of 1'iiiiu 5Jaoo, though the oburso was it triflu lioldini;. Thu thirteen horaos named oil tlio card were saddled for lho Jiirio Handicap, mid liuio ngiiin UaokurB were sadly astrny in tlieir ofl'urts to spol the winner. Though sho lmd moro than oiioo previously aefcod dinup poiutiugly, tho Sydney muro, Bol.liol, wus reckoned a roally good tiling for Uiisuiifur long ovout, but, with a favornblo ntu'rt mid ii good ruu, tho daiiKJitur of imported Metul and Palestine, again slipped hor party up. Tim Uold wus a good oiio.'inoludiug such slippery customers as Tlio Sjeiimp, (Joriolauus, Zulu, llurUuway and Poroliiinoo, lint notliliie lmd n ghost of a o}muuo with lho four-yoitr-olil colt Pakeha, who Htrodo riglit awuy from Quiok muroh niter goiuu four I'urlouga, and ran homo avory eiwy wiuiiarwitli tliroo l«iigi;hs to iipiiro from Coriolanus in lmiu lTJaeo't'oir the six f ur- . longs..; ^!v ';'?;?:;;?.:. '? .'V1 ''???' ' ?. ???'?. '.'???. In receipt of a stono and a half from Aco of Heurts and^a'atonofrom old Yelvcrton, Uup-u-nie was mudo a hot fuvorito ut 3 to 1 for tbo two mliii Briiah Hurdlo Rnou, aiid this' wan ono of two.eVonts in nhiob no misiiiko was mudo. Tho distance suited thn old Too woombu. horso . down to Ihe ground, and his BUporior paoo onablud him to urot away from Yelvortou in .the- lust quarlnr-milo and win ooiuforfubly by a oouple of lengths.,' 'Tlio; wiuuor jumped as UioukIi to tlio manner born, nud his owner, Mr. W. Gonllo, will, no doubl, keop him at the jiiinping busiuons, which in now quite an' established fouture at our ruee ineotiugs. - '??'''?? ?-.--??'. ; '. '?' : Tho result of tho Diamond Jubilee Slukos, run at 1 mile 3 furlou'gti, upset our apple-carts iir grand ntylo. There wore olovoirxturtors. imil Arohio's Daughter's defonto? Bnttiiliun nt woight-to'r'-uge iii lho Royal Slukas ut tho Autumn muotini; mado her look to have by far thu boat ouituco wlion curryiug an ovon lU.it. A good muny ; fanoiod Orangpskiu on tho stroiii;tli of his Toowoomba iind Warwick porforraanoos, whilo NaroiHaus, who looked thu boat-oondUionud horso of tlio lot, lmd the cnufiiloncii of tho party who recently purchased him' for 200gs.' Whatover olmiioe uujr of the woll-buoked -uios .had, huwovor, was thrown away by, lho riders. iu ullowing tho, unknown JCiug to KteiU suuh a uiaruh, anil keep it until purBllitof him iii'thb liiat throe furlongs was liouolosa. Onborue, on Tornudo, wiib tlm ftrkt to Hut Bail after him, but* ibniigh hu loducod tho gnp caiiBiddrnbly tlia'uffort was mnro ihnu he could HiintRhi, anil NarcisHus could not gut within two lengths of him befnro lho post wua loiielifd. AH' tlio 'othura; .inohidiiig Archie's Diiughtor, hud hud enough before geltiug to lho home turn. King is an aged guiding by Sir Hercules from Kuepcalio, und Ihougli hu hud the 'repiitnlluu of being iv good porformur iu tho Now JEngliiud distriotB,' it was not till nftor tlio tnoo that it booamo ltnow.n Hint his owuor hud kept him in profo'ronoo to Narciseun. If; wo had only thought of it wo ought, of aoiirso, to have buokod him, for it wns qllito tlio -right thing that a King should win a Quoon's Jubilee Stakes. When running in tho Jane Handicap lho Bnllnilous mare Porolnuioe, uftor being budly loft, mudo a very good run, though' sho waa unu'ulo to gob a plneo, and whon tho betting opoiied Cm tho VVeltor Handicap oho wna quiokly mado a hot favorito, those who pilud the, money on to hor arguing that bor aovou oppoijouta mudo up a poor field, whilo sho was a good wollor-woight currior. Theso calonla lalions proved lobobnHod on, good grounds, as tho favorito onrno with a very fast run inside the distance and won comfortably from Ever muro and Evorgroon. Tho largest ilold of the duy. was that soon in lho. Coronation Han dicap, with which tho mooting; ohwod, 15 boiuc soul out. A 1011) ponalty, raising bin weight to O.it Sib, did not prevout King boiug made favorilo ; but it nt.oppod him all tho sai^io from running to tho front ua ho had dono, in the priiieipul.orout, and ho was novor/ohuo prominent. Spray niado tho running, for six furlongs, and then I'akolm, who also lmd, a noiia'ty of 101b, Bliot to lho front ami looked to huvo things all hia own way until Olive Branch mudo a chanjo at him dftor paasing tho furlong poak. Tho Ipawiuh miiro onme with a very brilliant run, and.huuding lho Enor oolt 50yds from tho post won clororly by a length, llm« rooording hor fourth success in tho luat raoo of tho duy ovor this diatanoe. Towor.4 Annun\ Races. In viow of tho exceptionally poor accop tiince.4 mudo for lho principal handicap events it was feared that our racing friends of Charters Towors woro in for a very bud time iu connection with thoir annual mooting thin year, hut happily our foars wore misplaced. Thu club is reported -to havo got. through iiguin with firing colors, tho attomlanco at the moating being hircor tliaii on any previous nooHsioii, whilo lho reminierativoeum of ilo, 700 went through tho Totalisator during tlio two'duys.. .. '., '. ' ' '. '...'..-.. '?? The business on Thursday last bogan with n Maiilen Plate, which wna won easily by Vulouii, from Oxford and; Lunatic, in lmin 5lsoo for the eight fnrlongs. The Ituttuilous— Corundn Illly,. C'uptnro, won iho JFIying lluudi ou'p, 0 furlougH,' beating thu Gozo' guiding, Robert lOnimolt, Tnf,iiiuu, nud throe others, in lmin 19 l-5ioc. For tho Towors Handicap, 2 miles, there were live starters, Murloolaa, iUiinic, Cheokmate, XRny, and Rosobnry, and Mbrloolus wua inude lho favo.-ito, only, how over, to disappoint hiii followors. X Ray mudo the pace for if n.ile, and then Ihe fuvorito run to the front, but ho died away at tlio liniali, aiid Rosebury, who was liiuna'd in l.lio IIsfkbee as tho boat of the hunch when tho accopUnocs woro deolurud,- won from Musio iu the slow timo of Smiii 43aee, Mr. II. Brc.oko'a youngsters, Robert Einmett nud Boscobul, fiuiHhod lirst mid second in that order iu tho Winter Pluto, iu front of Cornlie, tho winnor ninning Ihe six furlonga in lmin 20 «o, ami Chumpkins bout Waterloo by a liuud. Viceroy, and two others iu tho' Ladies' Brncelot, 9 fur laum, iu 2min 2inu, . while Tusnmu wound up Che day by beuting Surpriao, Lord iliuiou, and five others iu the Minora' Purue, 1 milo. On Friday six atarLod for tho Shorts Handi cap, 5 furlonga, whioh'wna won by Surprise, Robert. K'mmett being ecooud, and Ormloy third, timo lmin 4-ioc, and Coralio bout Funny Purnoll nud Litllo Boruio easily iu tho Dintriot Plate, - riiiiuing the aovou fiirlouga in lmiu SUiacu. Tho Millulioatur Handicap, IV milo, brought out a field of aoveu, nud Itoaobury, on Ihe atrencth of hia previous win, started a hot favorito, but failod to gut a place. At tbo home turn Rosebery, XKuy, Waterloo, and Dumbbell woro in a bunoh in front, but Musio cmno with a apluah iu tho Btruight, and, cuttiiiL' thorn nil dowu, won by two lengths from X Ray, with Dumbbell third, in 2miu 41 -i-53ee. iM uaic's second iu tho Towers Uuudi onp, mid his victory in tho Millohoater Huudi eitp, uro the sequela to a losson on perAovorauco. Previous to tho Autumn mooting here thu horee'a trainer. W. Blucklook, had more than onco despaired of ovor getting another race out of him, but umlor iuatruotious from tho ownor he kept him going, and instead of breaking down hopelessly, as expected, Muaia hua gono ou improving over niueo, and may yob win many d good ruoo. Corajio was again successful iu the Queunton Handicap, boating' BoKCobol, Vulcan, and four others; and Rose bory and iMusiu hud a Borry timo trying to pace with old Battuliou at weigliL-for-ugo in the Town I'lato, tho old horso winning us ho liked in 2min luseo for tlio milo ami a quarter. Tho lust race of tho mooting wua tho Wind-up Handicap, 1 mile, and this wont to Surprise Lord Kojpio being aeuoud and Boscobol third, iu front of four others, the time for the mile being lmin 't'Jioc. , Tattcraall'ri Commemoration Meeting. The Brisbnno Tatteraill's Clui) wua not nearly so fortaiinto from a weutlior point of viow ua the Q.T.C. in uonncistiou with thoir commoinoratum meeting, which wns held at liendqunrtura yestordiiy. Heavy nun foil nguiu on Thursday night, and it was doubtful nhuthor the elouda woro going to abed moro todra or not on Saturday morning. Fortu nately they did not do so, but the prospect no doubt kept muny away from tho races who would othorwisp Iiuto attended. It is moro lliuu probublo, however, that the club pulled through with a profit on the mooting, for the attendance was, after all, not bud, and tho big entrances and tho Totalisator, through which .£2300 was invostod, would help to put the Imlunuo on the right side. Tho course was very heavy , and this made the day ouo of bitter disappointment to buokers, ovory one of tho fivo events being won by uu outsider. Nino stinrtod for the Flying Welter Handi enp, 0 furlongs, for which Harknwny and Porcunuoo wore about equally fancied. A furlong from home Porouuneo got to the front, but the outsider Ketina aoltled her iu the lust hundred yurda mid won by a length. A very hot dish wns served up iu tlio Bando Vie filly, La Vie, for tho High-weight Woltor Plato, for which eight started, and it looked ua though thoro hud boon no mistake mado whon she got away in front, and Bailed along with a two lengths' load past tho half-mile. Another two-year-old iii Dotofiah, liowover, wan boiler ablo to stay tho distance in Ihe mud, and ho vory quickly spoilt tlio favorite's cliuiico when ho caught her at lho quurter milo, and wou ousily by two lengths from Bribie, Memento boing third. Thirteen made up a nioo fiold for tho Jubilee Handicap, S furlongs, and Naroissus, notwithstanding that ho hud gone lip con siderably in the weights, wns mado to carry by fur the moat monoy. Tornado hud run bo well iu tho Diamond Jubiloo Stukos ou 'i'uos duy that lie, too, hud plonty of admirers, wli'ilo Archie's Daughter was knocked buck to the position of a oomparativo outsider. The Legor winner. Drazonlaco, took thu lend from the start anil hold it for a nouplo of furlongs, whon hu was joined by Ruhydor, Whoso light woight (6*1 91b) enablod her to bout him nftor they hud pnBsud tho throe-furlong post. Tor nado made a good run uftor the louder from the qnnrtor-niilo, but ho wns iiouidentiilly interfered with by Brnzenfaco half way up tho running, and this lost him the raco, the Splendor— Ruby muro getting homo by tliroo parts of a longth. Ruhydor paid the boat dividend 'of the day— JJ12 13a to ouoh of lho 25 investoraof lOa ou the muoliino. ,.??. \'. .'.-.?. :' Inn' field of eight Evurgreon waa made n fuvorito f!-r lho Acoossion Plate, 5 furlongs, bntaho diil not like the lionvy going,' bub the winuor tnriiud up iu tho 10 to 1 'ohunco Memento (Montor— Matuta), who just squeezed homo half a longth ill front of Noupoliluu ; and Kuliphia (Wutorloo— Kaliiiiiia).?wlio alao wua- quoted' at 10 to 1, won tlio Soxugosima Hauilionp by a lcuglli from Dalnuir. Turf Itoms. . ....:;. . On Tuosdnylasc lho Q.T.C. Btowarda hold an inquiry into the running of Porcliuuoo in tho Juno and Welter Handicaps, whioh they regurdod with somo sunpiuion, and at the udjoiiruod meeting on Woduoaduy decided to disqualify the muro, hor trainer G. Uurgeaa, aud ridor H. Flood; for twolvo uiuntlia; Tho niattor, however, was ro-'opeiiod ou .Saturday morning, when furthor orideueo was hoard, with tho rcBult that lho ban was removed. ' At- n meeting of tho Q.T.C. committee held on Friday ufUmoou tlio remainder of tho three months' disqualification .imposed upon Goldeusprny, J. Ulacklock, and G. Solbyat the Easter uiuetiug for ineouaistout running, was'riiniitted. Sol by soon started to make up for lost limo, ns ho won'llio I'iyiug Woltor Hundienp yoatorday ou Kotinn. . : ?: Mr. C. E. M'Dougnll had tlio bad luok last week to lose a jourliug colt, full brother to M.L.A., by Arohio— Mornu Leo. Tho ybung alor was pluying iu the puddouk, whon lie 'fall and injured himaulf internally, dyiug shortly afterwards. Subscription to tho Sunday Times (a nows puper nnd mugnzitie iu one, interesting alike to men uud wumen) ia only 8a por annum— 2a per qnarior. It is undonblodly the ohoapeat paper iu AiiBtraliu. If thure ia any town or villngo without a Sunday Tiuits nowBugoiit, informntion to Unit, effect will bo gladly roooiv.od nt tho oflioe, York-atroot, Sydnoy. Subscriptions are also received at tho olfioo uud the paper mailed direct. 