BOOK IV.-THE CRIMINAL. (The Author tells the Tale.) CHAPTER XXXIII. MR. TENNANT SPEAKS. "I saw her! I saw her!" "None of that now. You'd better come quietly." Mr. Tennant looked at the warder who spoke. With the assistance of his colleague the man was hurrying him along in a fashion which, even at that mnoment of amazement and of horror, in some subtle way reminded him of his school days. "I saw her!" he repeated. "So you might have done; nobody sa's you didn't. Only don't let's have any fuss." The man spokId 1I on' pmight speak, niot ill-naturedly, but with the t;ierior wisdom of a senior to a fractiodu child. Mr. Tennant knew that he was not understood; that it was no use to attempt to make himself understood. His mind was in a chaos. What was he to do? It had come to him in a flash of re velation that he had been made the subject of some hideous mockery, the victim of some malevolent plot; that he had been racked and re-racked for nothing at all; that he had stood his trial for the murder of a woman, who, all the time, was actually alive; that the law had committed some grotesque blunder; that hc had been condemned to he hung for another person's crime. What was he to do? He did nothing till he was back again in gaol. In the condemned cell this time. Nobody had told him, but he knew what it"iwas. He knew that here 'a long line oftnurderers had awaited their fate; that here he ivould be kept until he was hung. A natural shudder shook him as he realised that they were about to thrust 1.im into this last abiding-place of the damned. He felt that if he did not speak so as to make himself under stood before they had him fast in there he would never have a chance to speak at all. That if that door clanged upon his silence, hope, for him, -would have died with its clangour. He turned to-the warder. "I wish to see the governor." "You can't see the governor." "I must. Listen to me." He tried to restrain his emotion, to hold liimself in hand. - "Some extraorcdinary error has taken place. Just as I was leaving the court, I saw the woman whom I am charged with having killed." The warder stared, as if inclined to laugh. "I am not mad, nor am 1 dreaming; nor did I see a ghost. I saw this woman. She was as much alive as you or I. She was among a number of other :women on the bendh near the judge. She stood up and she stared at me. I saw her as plainly as I see you. There has been some astounding mis take. Tell the governor that I. must see him at once or it will be too late. if you do not tell him my blood may he upon your head." "All right." The warder clanged the door, and went. Mr. Tennant was left alone in that abode of the haunted. Would the man tell him? Would the governor come? Would he listen if he came? Would they stir a finger? Would they believe him? Would they pay the slightest attention to anything that he said? It would have been hard enough to hang believing her dead, although he had not killed her; but now that he had seen her standing up and looking at him, smiling at his agony-! This explained the two ghostly visi tations. It was not a ghost; it was herself he had seen. All this time he had been suffering the agonies of the damned, and she had been laughing in her sleeve. How she must have en joyed the play! O'h, what a fool he bad been! What was that? Was that foot steps ringing on the stone pavement along the vaulted corridor? He lis tened. It was somebody going, not coming. Suppose the governor would not come? There was a bell. Should he ring it, and make a scene, and in that way emphasise the expression of his desire? If he could succeed in no other way, he would try that. It was time that v:as precious. Every moment that passed made his tisk the harder. If they had only given him an opportu nity to proclaim the woman's identity! If they only had! If he could only get back into'the court even now and stop her before again she vanished into air! Would the governor not come? Then he would ring the bell and wake the echoes of the prison, and keep on ringing until they disconnected the bell or put him into irons. He would not hang without a struggle now. He would ring at once. Ah! There was some one coming. Two persons. He could hear two separate tramp tramps, one falling a little behind the other as they came along the flagstones. The door was opened. It was the governor. "You wish to see me?" "I do, sir." Again Mr. Tennant tried to master himself, to hold himself in hand. He realised to the full, and very late in the day, how much might hinge upon his being able to preserve his presence of mind. "What do you wish to say?" "I wish to say that tlhe woman whom I .am, charged with having murdered was actually in the court." "Nonsense." "It is not nonsense. It Is the simple truth. I saw her as plainly as I see you." The governor eyed him with what, for him, was a look of ferocity-unoffi cially, he was one of the softest-hearted creatures breathing. "Man, don't tell such tales to me." "I am telling you the absolute truth. I have felt all along that there was something about the medical evidence which I did not understand. The woman they described is not the woman who fell out of the train. Now I understand how it was. That woman is not dead. I saw her, just now, alive, in court." "Why did you not interrupt the pro ceedings to say so?" "I did not see her before sentence was pronounced. WhJen I did see her I was so astonished that, before I had recovered sufficiently from my aston ishment to be able to speak the warders removed me from the court. I told the warders who it was that I had seen." The governor observed the prisoner, as it was, reflectively. Certainly Mr. Tennant had become on a sudden a different man. He had lost his awk vwardness. He was no long;er ill at ease. He held himself erect. His eyes were clear, his glance unwavering. His bearing was simple--the simplicity of the man was what struck one first of all-yet assured. He spoke with a calmness, and even with a dignity which, considering that sentence of ignominious death had just been pro nounced upon him, could scarcely fail to be impressive. "Tennant, so far as it concerns your fate, whatever' you may have to say will be without effect. For you in this world there is no hope. you had better prrepare yourself for the World which is to come. Do not buoy your self up with any hopes that anything you may say will prevent the sentence which has been pronounced upon you being executed. That sentence will certainly be carried out" The condemned man would have spoken, but the governor went on. "But the warder lhas just told me what you told him, and in dischargea of wh~at I hold to be my duty I have requested the detective who has been in charge of the case to come and hear what you have to say. Here he is." And there hlie was-Matthew Holman, the man who looked so like a sailor. "Well, Tennan't; what cock-and-bull story have you to tell ps now?" "None. I have to tell you the truth." "It is time.'" Mr. Holman:'s toie was biting, 'his glance was keen. (To be continued in our next.) 