A lllrario i:i Sjtliii'j. CASE INVESTIGATED in- aSCOUE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOll BY A PROMINENT MEMBEIi or PARLIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON SIDERED INCURABLE BY THE 1'1RST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD 1IAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. {From t'jo 'Australian Workman.'): On Thursday afternoon, our ropre- j tentative made his way tj the bumble j liome of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 j Crown-lano, Ultimo. He was dis- i covered nu rsing a two year-old baby, and his face declared bim to bo one of tho happiest men in Sydney, lie was up and about and able to answer tho knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still tbe uiarks of critical illness, aud a period of pain, it was very clear that ho was an invalid on tlii-- rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary ques- J lions, he said : ' You want to know all about my case ? Well, I niu glad of au opportunity to tell yon. Tbe facts may be of value to tboso who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering ?' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad tbat I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Sinru the accident 1 have bueu in failing health, and after four year.-- of gradual development of the insladv. I was forced lo s:ive -in 111 y billet at tho Glebe Inland. ' ' Wbnt were the symptoms?' ' Simply Jindescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I c.-rnhl hear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me tbat my case was utterly ho]-eles9. However, bo gave me an order to the director of Charit able Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order ?' ' No ; I came home and weut to bed, anil have been pretty well iu bod ever since. Five weeks ago I could not wall: across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over witb me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing 1110, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia or proce.ssive loco motor ataxia, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar dis turbances of gait and diiliculty in co ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that 1 might last for ten years, an d that I might never get the iise of iny lees. (.lust then the patient kicked his logs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not in fallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will Kra-|i at a s!raw, I grasped at an ideae^nveved by aiiadvertiseineiit describing tlie cure elli-ctuil tin? ^ast; of another hui!i r-ii)a'\er in England, which 1 read in the ' Australian Workman,' hy Dr. Williams' Pink Pills fur Pale People. I read the advertisement » f a -? n-»e which .scorned to lit my own. I determined to give tho l'ink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. i he eilect was as marvellous as it was magical. 1 wa~ able to oat and ^leep us though no thing was ihf urirmr with mo. It was the lir-it n|-jx-tile and re 4 I had for many a day. Il win incredible. ] iumiediat'dy left the lied and was able to inuve about. I have taken ftiur b -\es of Pink Pills during the past four wcel.s, and am now taking the ii ft Ii box. 1 can walk ah nit with the aid of a slid;, and am Ln\ehiallv, bill suri ly, reei, \\.-i nig inv former vigor and vila.i.v. Vim -'v those crutches there V 'l in y ;;p. pvl fi o-! I v ncw, and 1 ha-.e i:- r :i ,..| t|. They w,-r,- ina le for Il f the Pink Pill . but I v. j , , .,v, 11-.' I belo, and now I duo'i uant tie-in. All I want i-. this ? ; i- ?];. ;i,| 1 ) , . ,j . soon to do willioal i:.. \\.,ii see I am rapidly i- gaining ;ii'. .-(n-nu'lh.' ' 1 le i ? 1 1 1 ? I p -r r Til. b- Iter,' said Mrs. Jar-.:-, who I,:, I ,? in and taken the l.:iiiv mi !.. r l.r.e,.;. '-Tin' l'ink I'ill ; h-i'.e -I '. . -i his 1 jf,., j,,,,) inade au.i:ber man of him.' A friend who e.ii; -I ia thi--poini, said thai Jarvis lo.-ad I'll year yiUiigi'r I ! ia 1 d IV th-; i n,- did a for! Iiigh: 1 1:. - \ i oil -ly. ' I can lunv,' ei oi ! i :: :i ,-d .1 a r. i ;. ' have a e ild hath, and all the i ?? I jiig h.i' conio hack in r.iy /eg--. If J lie .-pull going '.he way I am, I hope lo b1 a h.e to lesonie v.orl: as a bjiler j 1 1 ,i lie an i yuu kii-iw I have to he in the -.e.y pin!; «.f health and strength tu w.ali :;.t. this trade. 1 am belter to- j day than 1 ha'.e ban at any time during the p.M live years. 1 ascribe (ill till' cbanoe and beJielit to llltiuc Pi nk Pills. They havo saved my life, lain in no pain now, whatever, and feel like.a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a bos of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay whore tbey are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has boon amazed at tbe change in me. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is the remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all tho chief newspapers of this country of tbe astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxn, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, al*o the many disorders which arise from an iinpovishered state of tbo blood, such as antemia, pale and sallow com plexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in tbe back, nervous headache, ctc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in N.S.W. Assembly, was soon by our reporter in connec tion with the remarkable casu of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Oowoii says be has known Jarvis from infancy. Ho also knew that ho had to give up bis work at Globe Island abattoir twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed, lie afterwards heard that Jarvis was bod-ridden, and that there was little chauco of his re covery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as bis case had been pro nounced incurablo. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore Ijko everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the com plete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtain able from all leading chemists, or from tho Dr. Williams' Mcdiciue Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will for ward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order 1 box for 2s Od, or A dozen for 14s 9d. 