"The Faiths of Primitive Races. The first of a series of lectures on "The [?] of TO-day" was [?] last weak in the Cathedral [?] George-street, by the Rev. G.R.[?] sham, M.A. " . " * In introducing the lectures, the speaker reminded his hearers of the existence or a considerable number of men and women whose religions are non-Chris tion. It is usual to denominate all then** people as " heathen," bat what ever may be said about the aboriginal blacks, the word cannot, unless much qualified, be applied to the inhabitants of China and India. There are to b<> found religious books older than the greater part of the Btble; lnkitutioua Ineoniparaibly more ancient than the Britten Constitution ; and, in fine, na tions that were civilised when the Eng lish, were wandering half-naked savages on the steppe* of Central Asia or Ashing oil the cold shores of the Baltic. Dc velopmenl can be-traced In religion as In everything else, and there Jh A vast dif ference between the anhnism of Aus tralasia or the fetichistn of Africa and the lofty conceptions of the sacred books of India. The point, however, the lecturer wished to enforce was that behind the rough-hewn face of the black and the small, dark eyes of the China man is a human soul, 'Seeding and seek ing after a divine reality, and that the God the Christians know Is the God the non-Christians mean, however imperfect the conception and however stuttering the utterance. Myths are of peculiar interest to the student of religion, as showing the early stages of "feeling after God." They are attempts made by the savage man to 'express his con ception of powers transcending his own. The form of the myth U determined by the peculiar surroundings, of the savage. The character of the power personified if* a reproduction of savage character. The " black" makes the sun, the moon, or " Ghoon-yah," the Creator, speak and act exactly as he would speak and act if he was the sun, the moon, or " Ghoon yah." In parts like Australia, where droughts and floods are of frequent oc currence, the blacks conceived that things good for men are in the power of hostile forces, and they have confined their attention to the bad forces, who' can do them injury. The medicine men of the tribes had the power to pro pitiate, or to " raise," these evil powers. At this stage there seems to be a turn ing-polnt in religious conception. The; savage begins to apprehend that the various forces which he has personified as divine are working under some posterior force. Gerulasso de la Vega cells the story of an Inca prince who urgued that if the sun was a free monarch he would walk about the sky as he l'ked, but as he went dally like a tame beast, something more powerful must make him do so, and he accord ingly raised an altar to the M Unknown God." The same point can be perceived in other savage myths. The aboriginals of Victoria used to believe that there was once a time when the sun never went down, and the "blacks got tired," I>ut a big medicine man, by incantations, forced the sun to barn up his internal substance daily. He now goes down below the earth every night to gather fresh fuel. In the Maori myth the sun used to race through the sky at racehorse speed, but a great hero caught him and beat him so badly that ever since the sun has limped slowly across the heavens. The difference between the Peruvian story and the Austral asian myths Is that the first made an advance and the ethers sank back into polytheistic or anthropomorplc ex planations. The advance can be noticed in the early religion of India. The lec turer went on to speak about " anim ism," or the belief in the Indestructible ness of the spirit, which spirit the savage conceives can be found In a tree, or rock, or animal just as much as in a man. This explains ancestor worship, belief in ghosts, fertlchism when the spirit of any particular deity is thought to Inhabit the piece of wood or clay, " daubed with paint and orna mented with feathers," which they wor ship ; and totemlsm, when there Is thought to *be a Unship between men and animals and wJjth inanimate objects. Some lantern slides of fetlchesi burial customs, and other savage religious cub ;*np*. were thrown upon a. screen, and i ■filiUpLipo concluding the lecture. ['m^jmj^ * Jlt^max lecture will (tools* MM BtUfclm." 