£CJECTttIC SI»JURK8. ? ^ ? Mr. Quinn, J.P., on the police. One man one vote xroa on Thursday. Have some nsare tacts, Taffy. Oh yes, yes! The people are recovering from the picnic Take notice. — All ' dogs ' must be registered. The duke is anxious to show how he can use his dukes. Federation taken another step forward. Candidates elected. The Age again proved to be the ruler of this 'ere colony. Another street row in Bay-street, but tin police were there. A ' BiHy-rnn ' to take place on Good Friday. Wnat's that ? AU dogs not wanted ought to be drowned in the summer. A new cycle factory ia Bay-street' '. Boll up with your repairs. j A naval engagement. * Lascars v. sea insn. A butler on the job. Sir Geo. Turner at the head of the Federation polL Quite right The majority of Port Melbourne elec tors voted for the ' lucky ten.' It is very -mean to look through a window. So Mr. Qninn thinks. The do» inspector is again on ike war :.;:'' ' ?' w. are.iha ^fairWy to liave a 'park' . on the lagoon lands.' South Melbourne doesn't object. Mr. Tarver, J.P. holds that people who . pet drank on Sundays innst have the fine increased. You can now pet a bicycle built in the Port for £ 16. Everything good. Try 173 Bay-street. Large congregations at the Wes'.eyan ' Church last Sunday. Harvest Thanks giving Services. Our agents could have got rid of a few ' millions ' of Standards extra last Saturday. {Sic). That was a fanny dream, Jack. H- pe that blood pony of yours isn't going to kick yon to pieces. Graham-street ' qu;re ' go to Bound ary-street to-morrow. Graham ? street people left lamenting. Certain young ladies did not go down the bay last week, and they have been laughing ever since. The young fellow who ran away w^th the pie on Saturday thought more of li's stomach than the match. Miss Julia Walsh, the talented soprano, will positively appear at St. Joseph's Choir Concert on the 15th inst. Who has the longest arm in Port Mel bourne? The boy who reached from Sohnapper Point to the Railway Pisr. The proposed appointment oi the Rf-v. Thomas Grove to the local VTes'.eyan Church not giving general satisfaction. Our boys taken donrn rather badly in the cricket field, especially after their hopes being raised eo high. It was too bad. Miss Power, leading soprano singer St. Patrick's Cathedral Choir, will ? sing at St. JosepVa Choir Concert on Monday week. The Duke of W ? , disgusted at having to retire from hie action with the General, is about to commence hostilities on his ** nnMft.J' -'?. '-V'il is'saiSthat ffie trWMh-np ' An board the Ozone has made quite a little fortune ' '?'? out of the ' teeth ' ibuud about the decks ' after the excursion.' J. McG'-s white vest nearly frightened the lives out of some dogs late ona nigiit. They thoupht it was a ghost, or — a fore runner of toe dog cart. Joseph Black was ' run in ' last Friday by Constable Brown. As they were pro ceeding ap. Bay-street people remarked that Black was done Brown. Mr. Vincent Cannon, J. C. O'Brien, Hugh McRae and Tom Moore, four ot Melbourne's leading vocalists, ere billed to appear at the St, Joseph's Choir Concert. Tbe Excursion Committee are expect ing some pretty liberal donations to come in _from some who went tt the picnic. This is because some big doctors' bills have been saved in consequence thereof. -A certain young 'squatter' and a British Tar bad a bout with two Germans the «ther eight and knocked them out. ' Squatter' also knocked out a window, for which he bad to pay. Hard luck ?? Squatter.' One -of our local scorchers rnafas it a general practice to fall down and roll all over the floor. He never hurts himself ; in fact, he likes it ; because lie has one of the fair sex always ready to wait en him. Helpless maid ! A rumor is about that the fishes in Hobson's Bay bare it in contemplation to call the late Fisheries Inquiry Board together again to find out the reason why they were not more lioeraUy treated on Tuesday week. It bas been definately decided that the cantata. ' David the Shepherd Boy ' now \- in ' active rehearsal by the combined choirs Ehall be given in the local Town Call on Monday. April 12. There will be a chorus of over 200 voices. It is reported that a certain gentleman, weU-knoB-n in musical circles, was two seas over on board the Ozone on Tuesday week. Tins is distinctly denied, bat -at ^ge point -of flje voyage tip w*b serf ^,^SS^foilW**¥LJHWK«a6-iw« » wry iJSwng c&DBle; «££e_#ee& jiplpfwg «»ch ' — *&%?*' Wir3™e -gangway at Scbnapper Point, *nt on the voyage np they they 'parted atnidships,' and ~be never looked at her afterwords, nor she «t bun A very mep gentleman, apd well dressed, called on a lady in Evans Street the other night and asked for $ room. His request was complied witfa, but the next morning he was non est, bo also were two suits of clothes, some cash, a watch, and a prayer-book. We hope the thief will carefully study die latter. In the multitude of Councillors there is wisdom, bat in the same body tbere is sometimes a very great waste of time. This was exemplified on Wednesday night when it took about two boors . to Eslect an assistant inspector, at a salary of £3 per week out of S3 applicants. According to a correspondent a certain yqwjg maid was seen at a party on Fri day last with five jam tarts in one hand, and a bottle of soda- water in tbe other (the latter, swallowed in mistake for lemonade, his favorite pordial). He evidently thopgbt be had been tendered 6\. banquet on the Success of bis recent clerical exam. *, 