MASSA JEAN ; OK, THE HOU8E OF THE INK SPOT, 4\. STORY OF THE SOUTHERN" STATES OF AMERICA. I wan lying ytretrhed nt fnll length nn the long worn in tlx? library. II was a drowsy afternoon In spring, as I had been asleep. Even after I awnkch.il the sweet drowsinc of slumber was on we. a ml I lay for some tinm with closed lids in thai thoughilcs. dr-.in:les slat./ h»twccn sleep :iu<l waking. Suddenly. I became nwnre of a pri-M-ncc in the room, am! n|fii«.t1 my eves, exjK-etlug to me my aunt. In.-road I saw n flash of black before my eyes, a push that etUfiimt-rcd and quavc:«M like super- hcalftl air and df-eippcnrcO while I was blinking my eyes to pen what It all meant, but I was nlmn- in the room. Tin thing gave ine a queer sensiirJon, and I lay quite still for some minutes, shutt ing and opening my eyes to see if ihc black ilasli r.;»p«MMr«Hl. r.ttt it did not: there was only a sort of tlreil feeling buck of my eyes. "Malaria." 1 .-old resignedly, and I went to look for Amelia. to get her to tmikc me u lemonade. 1 found the little ttmld wnb-rlng tlm flower- down In tie. puved emirt. I leaned ever th» bumiKier with my face In my hand-;, lazily wntejdnu her swab the dusiy ahsv Iht deft llttlu hand gliKtonlug like copper wlo-re the sun touched their wet brown lingers. "Bo you bellcre in ghosts, Amelia?" I asked wearily. "Oil. yes. itjumzelle." ild the Utile mold in her pretty FrMieh, us she turned her scared brown face up to look at me. "Don't you?" "Of course not." I answered, "but I'm thirsty, Amelia." Then she dickered the waler from her coppery lingers and went away to mix uie the cool drink of Icinon aud lime Juice which no one could make so well. When the Httle tint HI was gone, Aunt 'Cilia jHiked her big while kerchiefed heail from Iter kitchen door, nodded at me a nioineut. and then 'en me tolling ui> the steps. " You been sleep In do Ub'ry, nln't you. honey?" she said, whim she hud waddled quite close lu me. "Yes." I answered, wondcrlngly: "Das a mighty po place to sleep, chile," she said. "Why, Aunt 'Cilia?" I asked. "'Cause 'tis," she utiswcred.hutotiicaU.v. nodding her head backward, toward Amelia, who was coming up the - steps behind her. " I's jess tclllii inum/.cllo she 1 tetter tuck you git de feather duster and bresh do dust oirn dem b.inunas nud dut palm 'fo you sprinkles 'em, .Mel!a," said the old woman, as she waddled away. ."All rlgli'r. Aunt 'Cilia." said the lit tle utaid, us she left me to tuy lemonade and In wondering what thu old wotuun meant. Hut whatever she mount, she would not tell me. For days, In the eagerness of iuy thoroughly aroused curiosity, I Inqsmghl the old woman, and llitully of fered to bribe her If she Would tell, till ut last the poor old thing threw herself down on her knees at my font.' "Don't niek me tell .foil, honey chile," eho said. " 'TuItVi. tiothin' gwlm: to hurt you;, ef dere was I'd tell you of It kill inc. Bur 'tniu't not bin 'tall gwlne hurt you. only I done Ikmui conjured, un' ef I tell de hoodoo would git me, 'Fo' Gnxvd this de iru'h. honey," und there were, tears rolling dowu the old wo- man h black eheeks. Of course tills served to excite tuy fancy all tbe more concerning the shim mering black spot In the library, and in the mount line 1 had a second experience of It. It was much the same sort of ex perience ax the first .except thut I lmd not been' asleep. I simply lay down on the sofa aud closed my eyes, opening them KttddcnJy, when the black spot shim- mercd and dunocd and was gone. I had told my aunt upon the first day of our iKMSotftdou that the house we took was worthy to Ih» haunted. I have always wondered why my num. selected it. it was, In many respcels, the least prepossessing of any Unit the agent showed us, yet, to be sure, it hail u grandeur about it. n sort of stately, stuccoed, (Creole grandeur that was al together charming hi our eyefc tliut Ixv lield New Orleans for the first time. But tlm house was plain and inll aml straight and sqiuire; there were no quips mid cranks nhoiii Its appearance ou the outside, though .the Interior was till that the most fanciful heart could wish. There was an open court, with a rusty-throated' 'fountain lu tlie centre, and a scraggy, scaly palm that' clam bered against one of the' brick pillars quite to the upper gallery: there were narrow corridors, winding Hlnlrwuys and sliding pallets which let iipou uMios ami closets that were' empty enough In ivality, but which, to my n wakened fancy, liecnmc teeming with suggestions of ghosts aud romaiiee. .My nuut said she Hclcefed tin house because of Its HmiiiIou. because from the upper balcony she could' see the obi (.'utlicdrnl. n in I lower down, the ship ping at the whatT. the big snioke-nurf- iug sireamers. aud even the ted, salts qf .the tiny Halting smacks showing their bright tin to of color on the Invest of the dull water, it waN a location worth one's choosing, a location wiicrc otic could overlook queer corrugated, tile- covensl iiHifs. coal, shaded. ' pared courts and narrow cobbled street a; a lo- catloii'where one could hear the sweet, |r>\y Hpeivh of gentle f'reole tongues from morning until night, and dream nil sorts of romances. 1 fntidcly cout'esH that the ghostly spot 111 the library set me to thinking thai roiimueex may Ih> much better .dreamed than umlisiHl, particularly as I cimbl not kjh'u k to my auuT alsiut it. W'c had come South for her 1h.m1i Ii, aud It. Is- came my.cotislaiit care to keep her from Knowing ahem the spot. .Nevertheless, 1 set myself to Had out w-lmt it meant. I rummaged nil over lite, house, In every eraelc nud earner, and found many secret closets and hid den springs that 1 had hitherto been Ig norant of. But tteshlc these not a scrap .of manuscript, nothing l" tell of any former history of the house or of In- h£>lmuls. fine day, however, when I had nltout concluded iny efforts would tie iu vain, Amelia was helping nic to arrange some hnoks and iimi:n/.liics in the big . empty wall-case In the library. Kmldenly the little nmid let fall a heavy vivhtine. The b'sil; bad slipped from n jdle witleh site was attempting to lay ou the shelf, aud striking heavily against the Intel: of the ease, opened a secret door therein cotici- nlcd. and dropped whl' a sort of broken fall Into the niche iH'hlud. II is needled to say I lost no time iu searching amid the dust aud cobwebs of the little closet, where 1 rmmd t wo small oil pictures and a Uttlo plaster bust. With eager hands I brush ed the dust frotn the pictures, and. tak ing them to the light, found one to he the portrait of a delicate, sweet-faced boy with timid blue eyes and fair hair. Acrot-s the l»ack of the copras was written: ".lean, aged 10 years." The other ptelmv was of a Jnd iSXMn- handsomc, blaek-halnxl, black-eyed lxy wbo.Mi expression I did not like. The plaster .east wax ibe Inml of a grin ning Faun, so araimxl and dusi-c<ivercd sis to be sian cly reeognbuibkv Bt?«ldf the dust and grime, the J'umi was fur ther dlsligurcd by a cntck but imorly Kitcheil. running ertlircly around the tiead, cleaving the right check, and slanting downwanl through thu month, and dashed squarely across the face, H) that it spattcrixl holii eyes, was u hldcmts Mack Ink sj»ot, Ileii? at last was a clue- to the mys tery, hut what It would lend to I could not. cvcii conjecture. Was it the Kliliu- iiierlng black spot that 1 laid seen so often now which ilartd aero.-w llie Faun's f uoe as it set in on the high library mantel la'tween tbe two |»or- tralts? Perhaps it was only a passing shadow, for sotwxjue lmd crossed the .threshold. "'Fo tJuwd, missy, hnncy, wlmrlwuts you git di'iu tltliigs?" said Aunt 'Cilia, ns she entered. "Better put 'em back , wiinr Uey vome fin, honey, better put 'ein.Lark." Mty this lime the old woman had rLticlied the iireplace, and stood looking up at. the pictures. "Fo It'll ilassjt Jean." she said ca ressingly. "pr» II'll lamb." "Who is. the other boy. Auut 'ClUa?" I nskeil, "Da's Muxsa Pierre, missy, ol' mnr- ster's odder gran'son.", the old woman answered hesitatingly. ' ".lean's brother?" I asked. < "N'o, no. missy." she said quickly; "he's 1111 .kirn's cousin." "Tell mo aliout them." "Dere iilii'L much to tell, missy," she said slowly. "I wish dere wns mo'. wre inn i ii'Muui . uni out jess unt ue II'll boys u«tcr Uve heiv wltl ol mat ster, an' den when ol' marster dkxl, he lef ever.vt'lug to Pierre an' po' IPI1 Jojiu noililnV' "IIow long ago bus liait been?" I asked. "Long ago," the old wouinn answer ed: "when de Isiys was U'U fellers, soon arterdoso pictures wus pulntcd." ; "And what lias becomu of the l>oys; Aunt 'Cilhi?" "Do I.awtl only knows, lioiiey," she said cnrmwtly. "I wish I did. Mnssa Pierre,- he went abroad, an' I 'speet he's llvln' i lore yet. It's him you rent de house front. He's got .mo' houses here, Km. what de mine agent looks nrtor. But po' little Massu ,f<nti, 1 .wish. I knuwed where lie Is, po' lamb. I been tiyln'. till des<! years to tin' out. KM k no wed — " The old woman paused abruptly. . "If you knew. Aunt 'Clllu," I sug- givttsl. "what then?" "Xotlilu, honey. nolhlnV renmn- strated the old woman hurriedly, us she left ofT earesHlttg little .Tean's pic ture and left the, room. As the summer advanced it seetned to me that the Hushing of the. black spot in- (lie Binary increased. Further, ; It Imgau to follow me nil over the house. I could not get away from seeing li by day or from dreaming of It by ulglit, and It Hashed back and forth from pnterOiic. aiid thence to t lie grinning Fnuu, till I felt al ias! as' If It would run me wild if 1 could not solve its .mystery. Positively thu thing haunted One day In late summer, ivith the little Amelia for company, I was walk ing along through a tuirrriw street above Canal, V«p town." lis we had come to call It, following the fashion of our neighbors. , it wns hot and sultry, with not a breath of air to stir the dtisly-lciives I lut I hung limp . on . the languorous trocs, NmHIenly, on the hot pavement Imfon? me. danced the black spot; then waving and. skimming It rose and Hashed before my .eyes, blind ing, ine. . I staggereil and would have fallen,, bill the little mutd caught inc. .A. moment later 1 was on tin cool in side of the little shop before which we hud been isisslng, and n klnd-fuceil, hiue.-eytsl, whlte- halretl old man was bemiliig over me, feellug iuy pulse. "You iRx-ame faint, is It uot'so, made moiselle?" lie asked gently. ",Y(«; It Ik the heat, I think." 1 said; VAh, yes, the heat, no doubt," ho said Willi a smile, "and theninlarlai" lie gave mo something to drink, something that was very cool mid. very aeld. and by and by lie ealled u cab ami Ittutded' me Into it as tenderly as' If I had lccn n child. I glanced back ut him :ls he stood in the little olllee door, aiut .reatl on the window lieside the slgii painted In gill letters, "Doctor .lean," -; .When I got home I wns still very weqk. so Amelia brought some pillows and propped me up on the - leather couch in the library, because it. was cooler there. Late in the afternoon, when the sun crept around tlmt way for a farewell touch, the little mold dosed the bltnilH, drew hack the rod tapestry, curtains, ami fanned mm to. sleep. ; . '1 must have doxed for some time, for sudileiily I nwoke with a sense uMicu- 'vlness ami oppression. The black spot, dashed befureiny- eyes, .then shim- niered and danced across the room till It rested, like a sear, blood red, across tbe face of the Faun, which Su another moment fell to the door with a' loud crash. 1 remember to have screamed ami covered my with my hands, aril then I must, have been uneuiisdniis for a long time. AYhen I caine to myself 1 was Iu my own room, and the wblte-hnlrwl old man rrum the little uptown olllee was bending over me. My aunt was there, too, smiling Joyously lo see me coming 'round again, nud Aunt '(flltu was (urn- lug .the pillows, while thu little nut'.d fanned. "You are much better, mademoiselle. Ik it not so?" asked thu old man In his soft French, i "lluve-1 been very Ul?" I asked. I "Yes, perhaps, mademoiselle." ! "Long?" I "Three wfeks." "And the black spot— do you know about II?" I asked "You told me while you were III," the old umu answered. "But It Is gone "Tell me alsitU it," I mid. "It Is n long story, aud mademoiselle Is weak," he said/ gently. "A story jUkmU two Iiovh. I'len-e and .lean, whose porthilts you found In the little chtiel. and ithoiii a will that wns hidden In th'» Faun's bend, and widoh was not found till tbot day when you were taken. ill." "I remember." ! interrupted him. "The Faun's face was cleft with a blood-red scar." The old man smiled. "The Faun's head had lsx>u broken." he said, "aud mended .again with wax. The heat ..r the .-tin ou that hot ufternr-m ineitcxl I the wax aud part's! t t»c- old cleft. There ! are rml curtains to the libror> wlu- (lows. imubmiohMdle: donbtlirss, that ju> counts for the blood-rod scar ns the cast full In two before your excited gaze." "But the black spot?' I persisted. "I'd h' told you 'bout It bufo, Jllssy, honey," wild Aunt 'Cilln, "ef Muswi Plorro hadn't V hoodooed me. X know- eel 'bout it, 'ca'se I was hero 'fo' it started, nu' 1 lieard folks what lib hero talk 'bout it ebcr sence. But Maf.sa Pierre he hoodooed mu, an' Pa skeorcd to lell.". "1 dnnno how .come," the- old woman went on, "but .Mnssa Pierre was ol' marster's favorite. Ixwk lack Massa J«ut was too gentle nn good for to please him," and Aunt OIHa turned her-oyw humbly to the old white- haired man beside me in a way that sot me tlilnkiug. "So ol' mnrstcr tnek n will an' bd' everything to Mnssn Pierre. Mnssa Plerie be was alius boK on reckless, an' one day, when 1 weut deve in de 1 Hbr'ry to tek ol' marster a cup o coffee, Massa Pierre won dere tnlkin' to litui, > an' axin' him fur money.' An' Mvnny bow 'umber, ol' marsier- wouldn't )/l him liab It, an den Plorro got uiad /\\\ Jerl: up' de big ink bottle au'-ilnsn it at inai'Kter'H head. It bit hbu side de head, den glance an' strike 'g'lnsj dut what you call a Faun, an' splush In de face an break It open. Den ol' iimrster rlss up In Ida wroth an lie tell .'passu Pierre dnt lie gwlne disinherit hlili. au fur hiiii to leave de house. 'Ttrnrn't long urter dat 'fo' ol' marster dktl, an' de verj" iluy of de funeral, des» as dey's -....I.., ..... » , lit....... ihmu «ne cvijise viu, .uukwi i iviiv eum wulklii out er de llbr'ry, an lilin been gone since the day marster or dered him off. He had a paper In his luiii' un' look like he didn't want the folks to see him. 'case he pulled ine In de llbr'ry an' shut de do an' lie rub a hoodoo bag on' tuy face and giu me the iMiper an' tol' me ef I didn't 'stroy It my flesh would rot an my Ikjdcs would crumble. Den he rub me wld do hoodoo bag again, an' wheu 1 come to myself lie's goue.nn' de folkses , wiw nil gone to de fuiiernl. "So dat's wheu 1 cram de paper in de Fauu'H head aii'.got some wax an stick It (ogedder nn put. It away 1u.de' II'll closet to keep .Massa Pierre fuMlntlln' it out. Prcscn'Iy do lawyers caine an foiui. de will where. ol nmrstcr left everything 'to I'lcrro, an so lie took It nil un weut nwnjv.au 1111 .lean he was to Jmve nothlnV an' the lawyer, went libit off to his ma's kinsfolk, -an ol4 Mainiiiy 'CUlit what loved him so. hIiu never liennhno mo rin-liiiii, (to' huiih." And. again the 'old woman looked at the little num. ' "And the paper in the Faun's head?" I asked.'' ; : ' "Was thu second will," explained the old man, "leaving everything to Jean." 'And are you .Iron?" I asked: . "And 1 am Jenn," he uiLSwercii genl- I.v: "but rou must go to sleep now. niiideinolKolle."— "Phlludulphlu Times." 