I4SS4 JKil; OK, THE HOUSE OF THE INK SPOT. A STORY OF THE SOUTHERN STATES OF AMERICA. I-wns lying stretched at full length on (lie long sofa, in the library. It; was a drowsy afternoon in spring, as I had been asleep. Even after I awakened tbe sweet drowsiness of slumber was on me, and I lay for some time with closed lids in that thoughtless, dreamless state between slbep and waking.' Suddenly I became aware of a. presence in flic room, and opened my eyes, expecting to see my aunt. Instead I saw a flash of blade before my- eyes, a. Hash that shimmered and quavered like super heated air and disappeared while 1 was blinking my eyes to see what it. all meant, but I was alone in the room. The thing gave me a queer sensation, and I lay quite still for some minutes, shutt ing and opening my eyes to see if the black Hash reappeared. But it. did not: there was only a sort of tired feeling back of my eyes. “Malaria,” I said resignedly, and I went to look for Amelia, to get her to make me a lemonade. I found the little maid watering the flow ers down in tbe paved court. I leaned over the bannister with my face in my hands, lazily' watching her swab the dusty aloe, her deft little hands glistening like copper where the sun touched their wret. brown lingers. “Do you believe in ghosts, Amelia?” I asked wearily. “Ob, yes, mamzelle,” sa id the little maid in her pretty French, as she turned her scared brown face up to look at me. “Don’t you?” “Of course not,” I answered, “but I'm thirsty, Amelia.” Then she flickered the water from her coppery fingers and went away to mix mo the cool drink of lemon and lime juice which no one could make so well. When the little maid was gone, Aunt ’Cilia poked her big white kerchiefed head from her kitchen door, nodded at me a moment, and then-came toiling up tbe steps. “ You been sleep in de lib’ry. ain’t you. honey?” she said, .when she had waddled quite close to me. “Yes,” I answered, wouderingly. “Das a mighty po’ place to sleep, eliile,” she said. “Why, Aunt ’Cilia?” I asked. “'Cause ’tis,” she answered.laconieally. nodding her head backward toward Amelia, who was coming up tbe steps behind her. “ l’s jess tollin’ mamzelle she better mck you git. de leather duster and bresh de dust: ofL”n dem bananas and dat palm ’fo you sprinkles ’em. ’Media.” said the old woman, as she waddled away. “All right, Aunt ’Cilia,” said the lit tle maid, as she left me to my lemonade and to wondering what the old woman meant. But whatever site .meant, alio • wonia not tell me. For days, in the eagerness of my thoroughly aroused curiosity, I besought; the old woman, and finally of fered to bribe her if she would tell, till at last the poor old thing threw lierself down on her knees at; my l’cet. “Don't nick me tell you. honey chile,” she said. “ ’Taiix’t nothin’ gwine to hurt you; ef doro was I’d tell you ef it. kill me. But ’tain’t nothin’ ’tall gwine hurt you. only I done been conjured, au’ ef I tell de hoodoo would git me. ’Fo’ Gawd das de truth, honey,” and there were tears rolling down the old wo man’s black checks. Of course tills served to excite my fancy all tbe more concerning the shim mering black spot in the library* and in the meantime 1 had a second experience of it. It was much the same sort of ex perience as the first,except that'.l bad not been asleep. I simply lay down on the sofa iind closed my eyes, opening them suddenly, when the black spot shim mered and danced and was gone. I bad told my aunt upon the first day of our possession that the house we took was worthy to be haunted. I bare always wondered why my aunt selected it. It was, in many respects, the least prepossessing of any that the agent showed us, yet, to be sure, ' it bad a grandeur about it, a sort of stately, stuccoed, Creole grandeur that was al together charming in our eyes that be held Now Orleans for the first time. But the house was plain and tall and straight and square; there were no quips and (‘ranks about its appearance on the outside, though the interior was all that tlie most fanciful heart could wish. There was an open court, with a rusty-throated fountain in file centre, j and a scraggy, scaly palm that: clam | bored against, one of the brick pillar.; quite to the upper gallery; there were narrow corridors, winding stairways | and sliding panels which let upon I niches ami closets that were empty enough in reality, but which, to my awakened fancy, became, teeming with suggestions of gliosts and romance. My aunt: said she selected the bouse because of its location, because from the upper balcony she could see the old Cathedral, and lower down the ship ping at the wharf, the big smoke-puff ! ittg streamers, and even the red sails of | the tiny fishing smacks showing their I bright tlare of color on the breast of the dull water. It was a location worth one’s choosing, a location where one could overlook queer corrugated, tile covered roofs, cool, shaded, paved courts and narrow cobbled streets; a lo cation where one could hoar the sweet, low spetH'h of gentle Creole tongues from morning until night, and dream [ all sorts of romances. 1 frankly confess that 1he ghostly spot in the library set me to thinking that romances may be much better dreamed than realised, particularly as f could not speak to my aunt: about it. We had come South for her health, and it be came my constant care to keep iter from knowing about, the spot. Nevertheless, 1 set myself to find out what: it meant. I rummaged all over tin! house, in every crack and corner, and found many secret closets and hid den springs that I had hitherto been ig norant of. But beside these not a scrap of manuscript, nothing to tell of any former history of the house or ol" in habitants. One day, however, when I 1 had about concluded my efforts would I be in vain, Amelia, was helping me to ' arrange some books and magazines in the big . empty wall-ease, in the library. Suddenly the little maid let fall a. heavy voittme. The book had slipped from a pile which she was attempting to lay on the shelf, and striking heavily against the back of the case, opened a secret door therein concealed, and dropped with a sort of broken fall into the niche behind. It. is needless to say I lost no time in searching amid the dust and. cobwebs of the little closet, where I j found two small oil pictures and a. little plaster bust. With eager hands I brush ed the dust frofn the pictures, and, talc ing them to'the light, found otic t.o be the portrait of a. delicate, sweet-faced boy with timid blue eyes and fair hair. Across the back of the canvas was written: "Jean, aged 10 years.” The other picture was of a lad seem ingly lo or 10 years of age, a handsome, black-haired, black-eyed boy whose expression I did not like. The plaster- cast was the head of a. grin ning Faun, so stained and dust-covered as to be scarcely recognisable. Beside tiie diist and grime, the Faun was fur ther disfigured by a crack but poorly patched, running entirely around the head, cleaving the right cheek, and slanting downward through the month, and dashed squarely across the face, so that it spattered both eyes, was a hideous black ink spot. Here at last was a clue to the mys tery, but what it would lead to I could not even conjecture. Was it the shim mering black spot that I had seen so often now which darted across the Faun’s face as it set iu on the high library mantel between the two por traits? Perhaps it was only a passing shadow, for someone had crossed the threshold. ’I<’o Gawd, missy, honey, wharbouts you git dem tilings?’* said Aunt ‘Cilia, ns she entered. "Better put ’em back wliar dey come f’m. honey, better put ’em back.” By this time the old woman had reached the fireplace, and stood looking up'at the pictures. “Po’ li’ll Massa Jean,” she said ca ressingly, “po’ li’ll lamb.” “Who is the other hoy, Aunt ’Cilia?” I asked. 1 ••Da’s Massa Pierre, missy, ol’ mar stor.’s odder gran’son,” the old woman answered hesitatingly. •■Jean’s brother?” I asked. "No, no, missy,” she said quickly; "he’s li’Il Jean’s cousin.” "Tell me about them.” "Dcre ain’t much to tell, missy,” she said slowly. "I wish dcre was mo’. Dere ain’t nothin’ ’tall but jess dat de li’ll boys uster live here wid ol’ marster, an’ den when ol’ marster died, he let” everyt’ing to Pierre an’ po’ li’ll Jean nothin’.” “How long ago has that been?” I asked. , “Long ago,” the old woman answer ed; “when do boys was li’ll fellers, soon after dose pictures was painted.” “And wbat has become of the boys, Aunt ’Cilia?” "De Lawd only knows, honey,” she said earnestly. “I wish I did. Massa Pierre, he went abroad, an’ I ’spect he’s livin’ dere yet. It’s him you rent de house from. He’s got mo’ houses here, too, what de same ageut looks arter. But po’ little Massa Jean, I wish I knowed where he is. po’ lamb. I been tryin’ all dese years to fin’ out. Kf I j knowed ——” The old woman paused j abruptly. “If you knew, Aunt ’Cilia,” I sug gested. “what, then?” : ! “Nothin’, honey, notion’,” remon strated the old woman hurriedly, as she left off caressing little Jean’s pic ture and left the room. j As the summer advanced it seemed j to me that the flashing of the black spot iu the library increased. Further, it began to follow mo till over the house. I could not get away from seeing it by day or from dreaming-of it by night, and it flashed back and forth from Pierre’s hold, dark face to little Jean’s pale one. and thence to the grinning Faun, till I felt at last .as it it would mu me villi It- l COIlhl UOt soil C liS mystery. Positively the thing haunted One day in late summer, with the little Amelia for company. I was walk ing along through a narrow street above Canal, "up town." as we had come to call it, following the fashion of our neighbors. It was hot. anil sultry, with not. a breath of air to stir the dusty leaves that hung limp on the languorous trees. Suddenly, on the hot pavement before me, danced the black spot; then waving and skimming it rose and flashed before my eyes, blind ing mel I staggered and would have fallen, but: the little maid caught me. A moment later I was on the cool in side of the little shop before which we had been passing, and a kiiul-faced. blue-eyed, white-haired old man was bending over me, feeling my pulse. * “You became faint, is it not so, ma'dc moiselle?” he asked gently. "Yes; it is the heat, I think,” I said. “Ah, yes, the heat, no doubt,” be said with a smile, “and the malaria.” He gave me something to drink, something that was very cool and very acid, and by and by lie called a cab and handed me into it as tenderly as if I had been a child. I glanced back til him as he stood in the little office door, and read on the window beside the sign painted in gilt letters, “Doctor ■When I -rot home I was si ill very weak, so Amelia brought some pillows and propped mo up on Hie leather eoueh in the library, because it was cooler there. bate in the afternoon, when the sun crept around that way fora farewell touch, (lie little maid J (dosed the blinds, drew back the red 1 tapestry curtains, and fanned me to I 1 'must have dozed for some time, for suddenly I awoke with a sense of hea viness and oppression. Tin* black spot dashed before my eyes, then shim mered and danced it cross the room till it. rested, like a sear, blood red. .across the face of the Faun, which in another moment loll to tin1 lloor with a loud 01 t"remember to lia*e screamed and covered my fact* with my hands, and then I must have been unconscious for a Ions time. When I came to myself I was in my own room, and the wliife-haired old titan from the little uptown ollice was bending over me. My aunt was there, too, smiling joyously to see me coming 'round again, and Aunt ’Cilia was turn ing the pillows, while the little maid fanned. -Von are much better, mademoiselle, is it not. so?” asked the old man in his soft. French. » "Have 1 been very, ill?'’ I asked. •‘Yes, perhaps, mademoiselle.” "Long?” "Throe weeks." "And the black spot—do yob know about it?” I asked “You told me while you were ill,”-the old man answered. "But it is gone now.” “Tell me about it,” I said. “It: is a. long story, and mademoiselle is weak.” lie said, gently. “A story about two boys. Pierre and .Tean.whose portraits yon found in the little closet, and about a. will that .was hidden in the Faun's' head, and which was not. found till that day when you were taken ill.” “I remember.” I interrupted him. “The. Faun’s face was cleft with a blood-ral sear.” . The old man smiled. “The Faun’s head had been broken,”, he said, "and mended again with wax. The heat of the smi on that hot afternoon melted the wax and parted the old cleft. There are red curtains to the library win dows, mademoiselle; doubtless, that ac counts for the blood-red scar as the east fell in two before your excited “But the black spot?” I persisted. “I’d ’a.’ told you ’bout it. befo’. Missy, honey,” said Aunt ’Cilia, “ef Massa Pierre hadn’t, ’a.’ hoodooed me. I know ed ’bout, it, ’ca'se I was here ’to’ it started, an’ I heard folks what lib here talk ’bout it eber sence. But Massa. Pierre lie hoodooed me, an’ I’s skecred to tell.” “I dunno how come,” .the old woman went on, “but Massa Pierre was ol’ marstcr’s favorite. Look lack Massa .lean was too gentle an’ good fer to please him,” and Aunt ’Cilia turned her eyes humbly to the old white haired man beside me in a way that set me thinking. “So ol’ marster mek a. will an’ let’ everything to Massa Pierre. Massa Pierre he was alius hoi’ an’ reckless, an’ one day, when I went dere in do libr’ry to tek ol’ marster a cup o’ coffee, Massa Pierre was dere talkin’ to him, an’ axin’ him fur money. An’ some how' ’nuther ol’ marster wouldn’t let him liab it, an’ den Pierre got mad an’ jerk up de big ink bottle an’ dash it at ma.rster's head. It hit him side dc head, den glance an’ strike ’g’inst. dat v/liat you call a Faun, an’ splash in de face an’ break it open. Den ol’ marster viz up in Ills wrath an’ he tell Massa Pierre dat he g’wine disinherit him, an’ fur him to leave de house. ’Twarn’t long artcr dat. To’ ol’ marster died, an’ de very day of (le funeral, dess as dey’s fakin’ the corpse out, Massa Pierre cum walkin’ out er de libr’ry, an’ him been gone since the day marster or dered "him off. He had a paper in his ban’ an’ look like die didn't want the folks to see him, ’case lie pulled me in de libr’ry an’ shut de do’ an’ be rub a. hoodoo bag oii my face and gin mo the paper an’ tol’ me ef I didn't ’stroy it my flesh would rot. an’ my bones would crumble. Den be rub me wid de hoodoo bag again, an’ when I come to myself he’s gone an’ de l'olkses was all gone to de funeral. • “So dat’s when I cram de paper in do Faun’s head an’ got some wax an’ stick it togedder an’ put it away in de li'll closet to keep Massa Pierre f’m fluflm’ it. out. Presen’ly de lawyers come an’ foim’ de will where ol’ marster left everything to Pierre, an’ so he took it all an’ went away, an’ li’ll .Tean he was to have nothin’, an’ the lawyers sent him off to his ma’s kinsfolk, an’ ol’ Mammy ’Cilia what loved him so, she never heard no mo’ f’m him, po’ lamb.” And again the old woman looked at the little man. “And the paper in the Faun's head?” I asked. “Was the second will,” explained the old man, "leaving everything to Jean.” “And are you Jean?” I asked. “And I am Jean,” ho answered gent ly; “but you must go to sleep now. mademoiselle.” -••I’liiliuieipiua ximcs. 