I BBEYITIES^ ^ : FaoM the latest English files to hand ne] take the following interesting items : — U To do penance for- his one the AbhV Maltier of Boistrudau, near Rennes, broke 1 stone on the highway, tor three days, re-j fmahino MmaAlf nnlv vriili brand And WAfcntO His parishioners subsequently entertained him at a substantial repast. Sevenoouples claimedthe bacon at the j Dunmow Flitch ceremony. A pair of sep-: tnagenarians from Islington and a labourer ahd 'his wUe bom Great ' Leigbs, near Chelmsfordj who adduced evidence to prove that their marriage8 had been anything but failures, received the ancient award. The marriage of two divorced persons at Manchester has ended in a third divorce. A lad of the Public School Battalion, in camp at Aldershot, was killed by the acci dental discharge of his rifle, over the muzzle j of which he leaned in order to ease the j spring. His hand slipped, the trigger waB released, and he received the entire charge in his stomaoh. A Galashiels baker, in revenge for die- i missal, threw a large quantity of sulphuric acid into a vessel containing 80 gallons of ' barm. He was fined £5. Can a separated wife sue her husband for damages on aooount of libel ? This point seems never to have been raised'before in a court of law till . Mr. Justice Kennedy de cided it at Liverpool l-eoently. He held j that such an action could be brought, and gave a verdict for the wife for damages, and : also for an injunction, The libel was con- 1 tained in three telegrams imputing immoral - conduct to the wife, which at the trial was not defended. The Secretary for War, speaking for the Government, has declined to reopen the question of Sir John Willoughby's and his brother officers' commissions, which were forfeited by their disobedience to orders in the Jameson Raid. It will be remembered that Mr. Labouchere recommended the restoration of these commissions, but the South Afrioan Committee made no reference to them in its report. Some months ago some gold prospectors in Alaska came across what looked like a lake of oil, filled by innumerable springs, and surrounded by mountains full of coal. Experts say that there is enough oil and coal to supply the whole world, and as the lake is near the sea — in fact, in one place the oil is oozing into the salt water — export will be easv. A comnanv has alreadv been formed, and the fortunate owners of the property are expecting to make fortunes. . Two Judges of the Divisional Court have decided that a constable who uses force to stop a cyclist riding without a light is guilty of assault. The point arose in a Somerset shire case, in which an officer forcibly threw to the ground a cyclist so riding. A similar decision was announced by Highgate magis trates in July, 1895. For beating a cow with a milking-stool an Oswestray man was fined two guineas. Some £800 was spent by local authorities at Porthcawl in the endeavour to discover a water-supply. A 'water-finder' supposed to possesssupernatural powers was employed, bnt without success. Ratepayers protested, and the councillors who engaged the expert are to be required personally to meet a large share of the expense. A Scarborough man shot a predatory cat ; some of the shots penetrated a cow-bouse wnere a woman was milking. She was so badly frightened that medical treatment was necessary. Damages of 10 guineas were given to her by a local court. Miss Long, aged 107, lives at Birtley Fell, Durham. She has a brother who is almost a centenarian, and her elder sister died re cently at the age of 109. — A negro couple aged respectively 104 and 97 have been married at Knoxville, Tennessee. At the inquest on the victim of the petro leum hairwash accident the jury returned a verdict of death from the effects of burning caused by the unexplained ignition of the hairwash. The coroner remarked that now the danger of the wash was known the posi tion of any hairdresser who used it would be serious in the case of another fatal accident. Lord Kelvin, in a letter to The Times up holds the theory that an electric spark from the hair itself ignited tbe fumes. A City money-lender sued a man to whom he had advanced £i for £11 odd, chiefly composed of interest. The Judge ordered payment at the rate of 6d a month, which gives the debtor 37 years to pay in. The conference between the Postmaster General and the telegraph clerks and Post Office employees shows that :the grievances of the latter are numerous. Junior sorters, for instance, complain that their day is split up, their hours on duty being 4 a.m. till 7.30 arm. and 4.80 p.m. nntil 8 p.m. The medical officer has strongly condemned such bOurs. Sir Albert Rollit, on behalf of the employees, stated that overtime work was not objected to, but that compulsovy, un limited, and chronic overtime was distaste ful. Mr. Spencer Walpole, in reply, said that the rule of the Post Office was that when a sufficient number of volunteers for overtime work was not forthcoming, men should be impartially selected for it, and that overtime was quite as compulsory as the ordinary duties of the service. Letter carriers urged that the maximum wage should be at least 80s a week ; in some towns, like Brighton, where living was ex pensive, it was as low as 22s. Mr. Schwann, M.P., on behalf of the telegraphists, urged the increase of the maximum wage of five year service men to £200 instead of £160 in London and £145 elsewhere, as at present, and pointed out that certain cable companies paid their telegraphists 60 per cent, more than the Goverment. It was also asserted that the junior telegraph clerks only had holidays in winter, a state of affairs strongly condemned by Sir Albert Rollit. The longest electrio railway in Europe will be laid through the Crimea this autumn. It mil extend from Sevastopol to Yalta, a distance of 85 versts. Eighteen three-pennybits were found in tbe possession of a suspected church robber at Heywood. This was regarded as strong proof of his guilt, and he was sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment — one month for each contribution. A fox ran across the metals in frdnt of an excursion train near Harpenden. He lost all but one inch of his tail, but trotted off unconcernedly. A domestic at Sandwhich dressed up in a sheet and darted like a ghost at another servant. The latter became insane and drowned herself. Two tia trunks, said to contain patent medicine, were left in charge of a resident oflnce.' The resident became alarmed, fearing that the boxes were infernal machines, and informed the police, who found the trunks to be full of valuable j jewellery, stolen from a Wigan dealer. I 