1'l1. B]R(OKEN 10O.Y LOUI., Llbert I.ungdre and lleaslca Nsylor wire ?o~rpalituntoa f long tntanding. In the same elal at school, and re.ltiqg ?In the smine ttrctm : clhilhIhi altio mtnlt strotgtthflntd as tley C'e?o Ullor, until they rcomnrd" moroe likoe larthra Ihuin Ica? atds. They helpCd esoh other with tl.n it homno Iresons, or ratller, Albert amlaalIud bi friend, whoe would not have kept hiae tlce in the :shool but for suJcs sid; In the satrnmor evenings 1the"y olten ,went ilshing, and eoccslonally, an they grll w oler, had a row up the IHihble as far as Walton church. (harlio'e father wished :hi only eon to learn his own trade, that of a cablnet.utaker, but Albert moant to bea m srhoo?lnater, arid nl the end both bteame puplil tIachose In tbelrold school. Whet, broth terr r 17 y.re'ta of are, a well-to-do uncle of. Alt:lt'e dti I. nl hei.tuathed to his favourite nellphew a oeery el £2,000, the iucome toautirci to to sle ut on the Ilottanaho youth's oeducation. The liegcy Iplt to a tItling tf cooul Sness betw'on the two frrans, Naylor fainyiljg that Lungdoo " put on airs " bh c:soe of blts for. Suno. On Naylnr'i 18th hlarthday, however, be was the recipient of ia splrndid little boat, just big enough tor two, Latlogdon havrillng putrrrhase two boot iaractly alike. nut of his -irst half* eoar's Interest on hIs leasor. -'This generous actr. inuwtd til,' strained f iend "hip, awl for a lime all vent along amoothly, 'I hotwo often wil t on the river Iwith their eoats, ocaslioIlly racing in t iriondly fashion, and somutimee taking a fliaeld with them. Among the pupil teachors wan 'a prtlty girl unmel Alice Cronk, a favourite with tbo whole school, anl it. soon becamn apparent that for bor smiles the two fh inv,+ were rivals. And when Charlesl aylor nlmdo Ith mortif.llh discovery that Alice preerrrerI Aliort's company, and ,that she gladly acclpted his aeoiataoce in pre paritg her evening Iso,ons, the spl,irit of th youth again bturned fierculy, and lie vowed to bare his raroege "some day." Outwardly, to all appearance, he was as friendly as ever I be could not pick a quarrel with langdon with. out giving a rt aqon ; and to conltes that he sighed for the afiections of the fair Alice was imposaible. " What do you think of entering in the two. oued boat-race at the regatta, Charlie P" asked Albert one evrening "'bert ie no boats on the river so light so ours, and it is not likely that there wvill be any rumpotitors from other plaeso the prizes will scarcrly tempt them. laeidc?, if they do, we are not obliged to com. pate." " If you are thinking of it, I'll enter," re* liled Langdon. " And I'il take his instuferablo pride down a peg or two," muttered Naylor to himself, as he went down to the river at st nrise noest morn Ing, to pnt himaeli To training for the race. He would win easily, he believed. and thereby show" Langdon that he was not A 1 at every. thine he aimed at. - And as iNaylor was fully two inches talleri and at least a stone heavier, than Langdon, It seemed a foregone conclusion among their so. qualotancee when it became known that the two had entered for the race that Naylor would be a comparatively easy winner. The weather on the regatta day was all that could be desitru, and thu northern bank of the ivey was crowded with speutators, the grand stand blug illoed by the elite of the town. The rare for wblob LangIou and ?Naylorbad entered wpM far down In the programme, and meanwhile tbhey sa with their friends In the grand stand, Aloe Creeook was there. nd to Naylor'_ nteete chagrin, she wore a neast little blue tie, Ihis oompetltor's rowtlg Jacket havig blue -tripe, whilo iWe own hlad chocolate brown. " Ill take the puff out of hbi I" thought N'aylor, strollIng of In ansother directlt,,to the woudorment of bhis triouds. There were seven eotrlce for the two.oared afternoon to admiring rods eltiwen,, the bridgte, his rapidity of stroke being rummenttd upon by all who profeueed to know anything about rowing. Trhere was a capital tart, and before the eom. peUtors bad gone 100 yerdts Naylor was leading with Langdon closo behind. tLtraining every nerve the favourite kept well to frout until he had rounded the buoy, but getting too near the bank he was comptlle.t to ship on oar for a few seounda, and that lost him the race. Lang dona managed to keep the left of hie antagonist, and. I, spite of alnost superhuman effort. by Naylor, won the race by about ten yards. Puriously disappointed, Naylor could not face the sympathy of his frieuds, and after resuming his ordinary dress, went Lume, leaving Alien Crook to be tecorted by Langion. It had been previously'arranged that the twofriends should go to a oncert that evening, being Saturday a but Naylor did not turn up at the appoloted time, and habing purchased two reserved seat tickete., Langdoo etlced on Mrs. Crook, and begged her to allow.Altre to go with him. The mother knew of his Irgacy,and also of his many good qualities,and beliuving her daughter might do much worse than marry Lengdun she gave her consent: Naylor'srelose In the Sunday school was minus a teacher next day ; he had a a severe cold was the enxcut sent to the superintendent. But on' the Monday morning he was In his place in tho stay school, and greeted Langdon as though nought' had disturbed the good feel Ing between them. And their mutual friends who saw the two young men together during the neat few weeks were obliged to admit that they had been agreeably surprised by Naylorzs ba hbrlotir under defeat; he wies bearing it like a brave ypung fellow ouuglt to do. Naylor had proposed a leisurely row down the rier a?me tiaturday cereiung, going with the the stream, and returning with the incoming tide,thereby rendering the talk of rowing some. what eslier.' Hut the carrying out of the pro. Jcct was postponed-irst hbecause when the tide would puit the weather was unpropitioun; then, the annual teachers' ezamination took place on a Saturday otherwise suitable. And thus it hrppened that when they were able to go CO.tober waa far adranced, and Larlgdlo wosld b·ve dropped the project at the first hint fromn bhl friend. " \W'e shall Lo all right, Bert ; the moou risie at Ioven, and we sball ti on our way back hen," said Naylor on their s?) down to the hatIhouse. Atn so I.aigdon theuglit as they rowed eiowly down with thn etreiaw, thlu exertion required bligt, so Iltle as to rnakt it rry enjoy. abl, I hey ,hai girone littLer than originally inteltitd, biiig .ppie lte the Ni:e, when Lt.tngot, to rking rounllt woetw.rd, slw thaqt thick logy os' c?r?,ing up the river. " l.ook t the f C!h (?arlie : we must turn at elnce " ti?eor as a fet? arts thin I at the time, andt tltettly tulrning rcolttimlced to row at his bret sp1r. i.angdcn Illowed suilt, but btloig be Lad rorl tilly yards he ftell no his Ince at tCe si t f hrc Ioilt, uiti ttntl it. 110 was an cilt.i t eslonilr, andl soo? mr?anaed to get into thr b,,at aguain, bit btth his our. were trow Inst. alll when hoihad b?ld t hue wterout lt? co, npanion was nsll'erte to blo rmel. the fog grd?lill'. crept roundl him, rerlriiti ; it ru. Io,-ible to see where the Ude weas carrying the htp lll.-t s flrt. lie ntul t Lto going in the dil? ilon of iuiie, I thl,ught ; that was his ner ; < ,olaio Ills n t .itlt o did t ol(t s?eet 50 rvry tlrbi-i; It th hti:g woultd not lit, lihe s ill I lave I n feasI fr hit ultiotato saicty. W\\.it htdl Otiad ti tritla?. P A broken ?,, I,t ?. , . t: .v, "I, Lh" felt it car,,'ely Ir;lert I i.etr,-lt hla tori cut! Who r ruitll lir iai ouilsgious dCeld " and he two t, thi that Ltr hl-iring trieend etrid not L guitlt., . a lArtardlly act which might yet ud -bo?t " Ni. oit; I wilt not beliaeve that uarlio tutld iri y le such t Mep cel tfeoIIIOka 4o1 gratitude.'for the alslatanco "of -many kinds I hlve been able to rs nder him." Ills .musings Hero Itterruptcd by the boat running lutoan ?audbank. with which the celuuryof ithe Iibblo abounds. Was the sanldbnuk' uear the shore P Being high water, or close to it, he dare not leave his boat to endeavour to suoertain his surrround* inge, and with some difficulty he pushed the boat off again. SBivering with the cold, siting in his wet clothes, the Ihitk fog adding to his disoomfott, the hG0.rs went slowly by, but not nearly so last as he imagined. And when he was beginning to hope that the tide mlrst have carried him so near l'rpaton that he ,nlit pot sibly see some silgns of life on the river banksL the boat again struck the sand, " I must be in the estuary of the Douglas river," he said to hinmelf. And again soosing the boat off, he began to hope that he might veoture to take to the sand bank when he again struck it. The night passed slowly-so slowly to the still hopeful. occupant of the oocklelshell boat that, not knowing in which direction he was goil.r, e was both startld and dismayed when,' the fog hftlisg slludenly, he coult see a numbers of lights, but at such a distance a ay that for, some timeo he could out feel certain what town. they belonged to. 1 That It Soulhport, and I am being carried out to rac !" It was an overwhelming discovery, and big hopes of succour gupw faint. A loew minutes observation convinced him that he was being carried in a esoiterly direction, and ho was, tlterby asomewhat waseuaurd, as hI would.ern lonig be in the track of ships outward bound' (roml.iverpoul,and might be reocted in time be-, fore the intenre cold had done it terrible work., But in spite of his -effurte to keep his blood~ in circulation,, a sene of numbness stole ovenl him, and thnouglh be well knew that sleep wnuld tnean death, his determination to keep awsko was givingu way to despair whoa suddenly th? lights of a largu ship loomed beofore him, " Ship ahoy !" he shoutedl, hut his voice wasi as hoarse as the croak of a raven, and could nuot blise been heard a dozen yards away. 'bnhe ioun was shining brightly, however, and the lookouti man on board the steamer happily rcpiodl the, boat, which was palpted white, with blue stripes around the gunwhale.Tho engines were atopped, anid a rope thrown to Lnagdon, but he was too weak and numboe Io catch it. " Tbhy hb e gone, and left ne to penish eb he groaned. Uut it wes not so. A boat soon put oil from the atearner, and the ha;.lces I sngdon wes soon on boarS. The reaction produced by the certalo that he wos safe, however, was more than he couldb ter, and when lift d on board he was inseunible. " A narrow recipe !" said the doctor. * ee, his watch stoppod at 7.15: he moust have bcon sitting to that boat, in bis wet clothee, for nearly six hours. Only a strong eovstjiutlon ScuoolS have stood suchs an ordeal." I " It It safe to stad him 6ack with the pilot I' jast ed thre captain. " D3 reo means. It would be sending him to the grave. He will have a sharp attack of fever, I am afrald." Ills pockete were searched for some evidence of his ideqity, but 'no ppers or letters of any kiond were found. " His clothing and the poseresion of a good watch and chain hopjv him to be respectable : we must ask the pilot to makoknown the rescue to the Liverpool papers ; his friends will thus jbe Informed of his safety," said the captain. The doctor's opinion was verified, and Lang. don was raving in the delirium of fever dur liug the whole of the passage across the Atlantio to Now York. But having safely turned the clisis, lie mended rapidly. A coltictiun among the passengers had produced sufficient to pay ,for his iassage home, and he thus returned to ILivoepoel in the same steamer. Se sat. me.ml,.****. .,w?nvernloguu, flloawed? by ,intense irrif, reigred in two homes at P'reston. When Charles Naylor realised that his villainous scheme had beeu s cceseful, so far that when s vesntured to look rountd Langdon's boat was sot in sight, his satisfaction wna hut of a mingled character. ? What would be the result P IIad he really contemplated the murder of his old friend P W'hat would he gain by it ? If 'llert Langdon weredrowued. would Alice Crook transfer her affections to another, even though that other lad been to Laugdton like Absalom' to David ? These and other questions ef a similar nature ;Charlie Naylor asked himself as he pulled steadily onwards. The fog was so thick that he could not see three yards in say direction : and with ears strained, he went slowly on to., ward the town, not much afraid of being run dowt, for he knew that very few vessels left Preston on a Saturday !ight. "Thank goodness,there's a light at last. Thaib ,must be the chain light, and I have yet morn ,than two miles to go. But the tide is helpiný me splendidly." EIre he arrived at the new pier, the fog lifted, and then he rowed much faster. He had fined upon the course he intended to adopt. lIe -would say nothidg about Langdon unless ques. tinned, and then declare that he lost him in the have come to, but guilt loduced fear. For the first time In bin life, he did not arrnie at home until ps t miduight. Ilis father had gone to bed very angry,declaring that if he awaited the coming home of bin son there would be a row, and therefore be had better retire, Andl his mother, after setting outhishot supper, .aid nothing to him about the lateness of the hour, but also retired. Befor be had linished his supper, there was . knock at the door. No one in the fhout could see the light in the back parlour, and guessing that someone from Langdon's had come to uak for him, Naylor sat still, saying tohimself,"Loet them knock ! " It was Mrs. Langdon, anrd reluctantly she re turned home, thinking it possible, as her hus band suggested, that the young men had landed at Lytham when the fog camoe on, ani there being no train, had been obllged to stay all Next morolun, hbvrever,before Cbharles Naylor wos out of bed, Mrs. Langdou was ogain at the door, an? Mlr, Naylor aroucsl her roo. " Where dii you leave lert l.at evening, Charlie P " " feomeuvh~.~ e dowu the river, rhea the fog cane oin, WV' lost can another, But snnrly he has come holnlu P' " hNo, they have hearl nothiug of him, Oh I. ('barie, how rould you l?a hilm ? You are bigger and strotger than he I., and If anything bas - " )uon't talk euch por:nen~, muther ' What. can bare haýT"red to him '" liut lire. Niuylo di. not reply ; she wont lowly downita ir nwith Ir trrible necw, vainly endreaourlsg to ns3'ago the grief onl the stricklu mohther. 6" It is no ou,, Flr:;' Nylor sometbiung tells toe my boo it lo.t 1 ' i t .e o.t dit young ! And rneer a batlt .,n th? i my Ilrrtio trod the! earth. lie Laa tenevr *wtliugly eauro?t any uo ofi no a In:eollt's pltil I don't Iblamt your son. Ile got Ili~ul tic, I suppote, when the fog, c?eae ou, tnd was to a burry to get back.: I aill corne in ngaln, surt ?rc Lin " 4I Naylor went 'to the puoiicu. and ntifted Ihem thot Lis suu a os asol>i?,; lanld cting on their advice, te teik the train for LOytham, and thter eugaged a small steam ttra?ecr to search Jor theo uwining tout. tBut t"'h.lle was found : aid no Ijidings were received of its ownllr. On i i.ching L.iter'p-ol, the pilot of Iths &Iacedult; asa umet by lte oldcat daughter, with the nova that her twother had Lbetaeluund dead in Led the tpr eious morn. nth. , Tlo oesago h h bad beon chtargcd to dc. liiur to Uko a?wepsper hIrce wes cumtpletCo1 aorgottena, In hila" io it athe death o his wife, ?E-L'.1P~lst Cb u b~Ilthe fe(g~hm~4s tbait ho chanced to see a paragraph in *aud Sl*eho " rI tile flect that a young n naol named Landoln, aho went for a row on the Itibblo o aturday evningl, had not returned, and it waes Supposd he bad been lont in the fog. llaming himself.for his fnrgotfulneas, Ithe glot Immrn atoly wired tou the l'lcatonl police,to the ellc~t ,that the IMacedonia had picked up a samll tioat? iith a young mr I in it, in the Chau?el, somre ien miles welt of the Mlcrsey liar. SA fow hours afterwards Mr. Langdon wnasi. Liverpool, and after namo littio trouble found the pilot. Dut Again the heart*rokeull teter hisd to endure tihe torments of suspense. Thoe 1ilot had to admit that the rqgoued younil man was in a high fever when ho loft the steluumar. nd M-r. Langlton returned home with a fuller iuonhr; standing than he bad previously possoesedl of. thbat well known text-" Hope deferred stakeith! the heart sick." During that week, Charlos Naylor went about like an animaotd ghost, and won golden opiniones for his evident grief for the suppo sd lors osf blii friend. But, to theo stolishmont of his parents,` the news brought by Air. Langdlon from Liver. pool did not Lhaeo the gloom from tlhe young, man's brow. Ile osenloed to btc(.Olin msore nolsni. choly thall before; and an iho tiheie uapptrochest 'when the Langdoun Illlght expi)ct to I car from? 'their son, if he lied re .ovrced, thie Naylor'. feared that Charlin was going out of hlu mind-, The arrival of the Mlacedonia at Nov 'Yorkl was duly chronicled in theo Liverlpool piprr,but nothing was said of ithe rsumeoil rctbway ; aI~ atgain the hopes of the Iagdo loos growv fainterI The tortures of ,ornru eundurced by Charloes Naylor during this period it would he Implcailbl? to descrilu. Ieo could not tl., anrl the lltltd .!eep hin wns able to oltnin wes looken by awful dreams, in which Allort I.anglou wad drowning, and apl?pling to lhin for help. Th? full enormity of tie crime he hadl conmmitted, se the result of his mand jtnloausy, hid cone homne to him anud be would have givtrull he poeucsed,+l his hopes. his Ipropects, could hU have uudooy his wicked deed. The hopes of the langdons now centred in the return of the lMacedoltia, andl the joy of tha family may he imagined whIen a Itlegram was receiv'd hom theIir son, hlanded in at Quten stnwn, saying that to was qpiito well, and hoped to boe at home within twentyfourl houts. h" I must go and tell Mrs. Naylor ; she say - Charlio is fretting himsclf to death." saidl Mrs Langdoon. But the good news had an effect on Charlse Na)lor that a.tanihdca all who know the cirt cumstances II0 was taken auddenly ill, and the 'doctor sid he was in for n sharp attack oa brain fever. Per somen time hili life was in dlan ger, slad when he unse illllciently recovered see visitols tole flii? to come was Albert Langi. doe. lo had not bcn told that Latgdon wishied to see him, and wl.en his old friend spoke ha turned away his face, cr ing : " Ilertie Langlon ! No, no; I cannot-I- tried-" " Ifush, Charlie I You munt forget what ,happened on that day. It is known u only to; you and me. I knew you would be surry alter? 'wards, Charlie. You bora acen ? pareit a lifle long misery. Shake hands, old friend." From that hour Charlie Naylor rcrureredi strength rapidly. But for a lorg time eo. avoided the river, and Ibeore he uveirlurrd out his boat had been seut as a gift to a ba:.oar got op at Southport on Ibehalf of thli hl'ibot fundl. Only Albert Langdlon collI hate rxpllinrlr why, after that brain furvr attack, l?s Iriend. scemed to lliay, sirldleoly chnged fromiu thei youth to the man. Ilia exul.rollr t asiliis alud fun-loving naturo had rnishl-d ; ,ld Ie was. selloom seen to ,mile. To, tlh regret of blei parents, he derlitled to follow tli. I.lchiniig Ilto forsion : La.ngldun alsoe guessled tits riuaonn. Threc ysrls after their Inat ri,w, Langdon married Alice Crook, Naylor, alter much per suasion, being " best manR "on the occaioan. Iloeiw toolish to go rowing ont. the Ihbblte, when the t tie is up, and unsble to swil '" re market one of the ioaleiguetsl, after tlie nswlyi wedded pair had depaltcd for T'rqu*sy. Otnly Albert I.anigdon couldl hbre xl,lained why Charlre Naylor turn:ed pale, his .yes dis-. tonding with horror, as a parag?dls fiioi tle, local eveniml Itliper was rlail, rillaiing how a youngulonn hail been drolnsle on the river, his skiff having beens upset as the teault of a " brtken rowlock." 