Sermon. Leaning: on Our Beloved. By Ljlte Ret. C. H. Spukgson. Who Is this tint coraeth up from tho wilder ness, leaning upon her beloved J—.Solomon's Song via. 5. ■There is a most intmiato connection between communion with Christ aud progress m grace, and therefore the more careful we are to maintain fellowship with our Lord, the more successful shall we be in going from strength to strength in all those holy graces which are landmarks on the way to glory. Tho well-head and fountain of growth in grace is well sustained communion and mani fest oneness with Christ. To live near to Christ is the one thing needful; to keep up that nearness, and never to suffer our fellowship to he interrupted, should be our one great business here below. I. Wo here notice the, heavenly pilgrim and her dear companion. " Who is this that cometh up from the wilderness, leaning upon her beloved r" - Every soul that journeys towards heaven has Christ for its associate. Jesus suffers no pilgrim to the new Jerusalem to travel unattended. He is with us in sympathy. He has trodden every step of the way before us. Whatever our temptations, He hjis been ro tempted ; whatever our affliction?, He has been no afflicted. He is touched with tho feeling of our infirmi ties, having been tempted in all points like as wo are. Nor is Jesus near us in sympathy alone. He is with us to render practical assistance. When we least perceive Him, Ho is often closest to its. " Lo, I am witli yoiwilway, even to the cud of the world," is true to all His saints; and, " Fear thou not; lor 1 ara with-thee ; be not dismayed; for I ara'thy God," is no mean ingless assertion, but to be understood as a certain verity and a practical truth. In every step of this pilgrimage, from tho wicket gate of repentance up to tho pearly gate which admits the perfect into paradise, Jesu«. Christ, in sympathy of heart and in actual presence of help, is very near to His people. Be this the pilgrim's encouragement at all times. Dear friends, who among us would not under take-a journey in such company ? If He were hero to-day, and said, '' Mv child, I call to you to go on a pilgrimage." perhaps you would stare back with dark forebodings of tho way; but if Ho added, "But I will be with thee whithersoever thou goest," we should each one reply, "Through floods, or flames, if Thou dost lead, we will follow Thee where Thou goest. Lead tho van, O Crucified, and we will follow Thee! Let us but ace Thy footprints in the road, and whether tlic path winds up the hill of diffi cultj, or descends into the valley of humilia tion,'it; shall be the best road that ever mortal footsteps trod if it be bnt marked with the tokens of Thy most blessed presence." Courage, then, yc wayfarers who traverse the vale of tears! you conic up from the wilderness in dear company, for- One like unto the Son of God* is at your side. Note the title that is given to the companion of the spouse. "Her beloved." Indeed, He of whom-the song hero speaks is beloved above all others. He was the Beloved of His Father or ever the Girth was; He was declared to be the -Lord's beloved in the waters of Jordan, and at other times, when out of the excellent glory there came the voice, "This is lly beloved Son in whom I am well pleased." Beloved of His Father now, our Jesus sits for ever glorious at God's right hand. Jesus is the Beloved of every angel, and of all the blight seraphic spirits that crowd around the throuo of Ilis august Majesty, casting their crowns before His feet, and lifting, up their cease less hymns. They are not merely servants who obey because they must, but reverent admirers who serve because they love, lie is the Beloved of every being of pure heart and holy mind. The hosts triumphant, who have washed their robes and made ihera white in the blood of the Lamb, ring that word "Beloved" with an emphasis which our colder hearts as yet have failed to reach: but still, is He beloved of the militant band this side the Jordan? Yes, Lord, with all that wo"have to confess of hardness and in difference, vre do lote Thee, and Thou knowest it, "Would uot our heart ponr forth its blood • In honour of Thy name, And challenge the cold hand of death To quench the immortal flame?" The adamant is softer than our hearts by nature ; and yet the love we bear. Thee, O divine' Redeemer, stimulated by the love which Thou hast manifesto to us, bus made our souls to melt in Thy presence. " Yes, we love Thee, and adore; Oh for graco to love Tbeo more!" "Note well that the sweetest word of the name is, '1 leaning upon lior Beloved.'' That Jesus is beloved is most true; but is He my Beloved ? Say, tbou who art listening to the word this morning, is Jesus thy beloved ? Dost thou love Him? Cause thou put forth the linger of thy timid faith aud touch the hem of His garment, and receive the rirtue which goefch out of Him ? Dost thou (hire to *ay, "He is all my salvation and all my desire. Other refuge have I none; my soul hangs in her utter helplessness entirely upon Him?" Then is He thy Beloved : and the more tliou canst foster the well-grounded belief that Jesus is thine, themore thou canst roll that truth under thy tongue as a sweet morsel, the happier and holier wilt thou be. Realise the fact thai Jesus is-as actually and. ttuJy | thine as is thy husband, thy wife, thy child, I thy mother, or thine own self; then will peace and love reign within thy spirit. The spouse could not have..leaned ou Jesus as th.\ liclovedj she could only 'iiud rest in Him us i her beloved. Till you get a sense of His being yours, you do not dare to lean, but when you como to know that Christ is yours by an act of appropriating faith, then comes the after-result of faith in the consecrated repose which the 6oul feels in the power ani love of Him .on whom she relies. 2\. "Wo now pass on to something deeper. "Wo have said that .the pilgrim has a dear companion, but that much of the blessedness of the text lies in her posture towards Him. "Who is this that .cometh up from the wilderness, leaning upon her beloved ?" Her posture, then, is that of "leaning." His re lation to her is that of a divine supporter. This text is often quoted wrongly, " who is this that cometh up from tho wilderness, leaning upon the arm of her beloved ?" But it is not so in the text at all. Here is no dis tinct reference to an arm at all. There is an arm here undoubtedly, but there is a great deal more—there is a whole person; and the text speaks of leaning upon the whole person of " lier beloved." Obsenre, then, tuat tho Christian leans upon Christ in His personality and complete ness; not merely upon the arm of His strength, as that misquotation would have it, but upon the whole Christ. Tho leaning place of a Christian is, first of all, Christ's person. We depend upon the Lord Jesus as God uad as man. As God, He must be able to perform' every promise, and to achievo every covcuant and engagement. We lean upon that divinity which bears up the pillars of the universe. Our dependence is upon the almighty God, incarnate in human form, by whom all things were created, and by whom all things consist. Wo lean" also upon Christ :ts Han; we depend- upon His generous human sympathies. 01 a woman born, He is partaker, of our flesh; He enters into our siekuesse3 suid infirmities with a pitiful compassion which He could not have felt if He had not been the Son of Han. We depend upon the love of His humanity as well as upon the potency of His deity. We lean upon onr Beloved as God and Han. Ah! I have known times when I have felt that none but a God could bear me up; there are other seasons when, under a sense of sin, I have started hack from God, and felt that none but tho Han Christ Jesus could minister peace to my anguished heart. Taking Christ in the doublo nature as God and Han, He becomes thus a suitable leaning plitee for our spirit, whatever may happen to be the state in which our mind is found. Beloved, we lean upon Christ Him self in all His offices. We lean upon Him us priest; we expect our offerings, and our praises, and our . prayers to be received, because they are presented through Him. Oar leaning for acceptance is on Him. We lean upon Him as our prophet. We do not profess to know, or to be able to discover, truth of ourselves; but wc sit at His feet; what He teaches we receive. as certainty. We lean upon Him as our King-. He shall fight our battles for us, and manage all the affairs of our heavenly citizenship. We have no hope of victory but in the strength of Him who is the Son of David and the King of kings. We lean upon Christ in all His attributes. Sometimes it is His wisdom—in our dilemmas He directs us *, at other time3 it is His faithfulness—in our strong temptations He abides the same. At one time His power gleams out like a golden pillar, and wo rest on it; and at another moment His tender ness becomes conspicuous, and we lean on that. Beloved, there is no part of the pilgrimage of a saint in which he can afford' to walk in any other way but in the way of leaning. He cometh up at first, and he cometh op at the lost, still leaning—still leaning upon Christ Jesus; ay. and leaning more and more heavily upon Christ the older he grows. The stronger the believer becomes, the more conscious he is of 'his personal weakness; and, therefore, the . more fully does ho cast himself upon Iiis Lord i and lean with greater force on Him. Beloved, | it is a blessed thing to keep to this posture in ! all we do. Oh, it is good preaching when' you lean on the Beloved as you preach, and : feel, "Ke will help me. He will give me thoughts and words, Ho will bless the message, He will fill tho hungry with good i things, and make tho Sabbath to! be a delight to His people." Oh, | it is a blojsed thing to lean on the: Beloved, you feel then that you cannot be I denied; you have come into the King's court, ; and brought your advocate with you. and tou • lay your prayer at the foot of the throne, the Priuco Himself pntting His own sign manual and seal and stamp of love upon your desires., This is the sweet way to endure and suffer i with content. "Who would not suffer when Jesus makes the bed of our sickness, and stays. np and gives us tokens of His lovo? This is the Divine method of working Believe me, no sacred work can be con tinued with energy except in this spirit, for' flesh flags, and even the spirit lan-. guisbes except there bo the constant leaning: upon the Beloved. As for you, men of busi ness, you with your families, and with your' shops, and with your fields, and your enter prises—you will find it poor living unless you evermore lean on your Beloved in all things < If you can bring your daily cares, your domestic troubles, your family sicknesses, your personal infirmities, your losses and your crosses—if you can bring all things to Jesus, it will be easy and happy living. I would fain encourage tho heir of heareu who is in trouble, to lean. I can encourage you from experience. Why do you not cast your care on Him who cares for ravens and for flower's of the field 'r Why arc you not assured that He will also caro for you ? ■ a. Her reasons for thus leaning. SIv: loaned on the Beloved because her route whs ascending. Did . you notico it : "Coming up." The Christian's way is up; —never content, with past atfair.ments, bur j up; not satisfied with graces to which he has ] reached, hut up. He is not good who does not desire to be better; he is not gracious who would not he more gracious. Thou knowest not the light if thou , dost not desire more light. The heavenly way is upward, upward, upward, upward This is the way to heaven. The tendency oi man's nature ia downward. How soon w# descend; and how prone its our soul, from hci most elevated condition, to sink back into the dull, dead level of her natural estate! If w« are to go up, we must lean. Christ is highei thau we are; if we lean, we shall rise thi more readily to His elevation. He cornea down to us that wc, leaning upon Him, raaj go up to Him. The niorc we lean—the more truly we cast the weight of our spiritual wrestling, spiritual struggling, spiritual growth upon Him—the more surely ghatl. wc gain the wrestling, the struggling, and the growth. Depend as much for growth in grace upon Christ as for the pardon of sin. He is made of God unto your sanctification aa ivell as redemption. Look for sanctification through the blood, for it is a purifier as well as pardoner. The same blood which puts . away the guilt of sin is by the Holy Ghost applied as a hlood of sprinkling to put away from us the reigning power of sin. Who, then, is it leans on her Beloved ? I will tell you. Her name was once called " out cast,'1 whom no man seeketh after, but, according to this old Book, her name is now Hepbzibah, for the Lord delighteth in her. We were afar off from God, even as others; and if any soul is brought to trust in Christ, it is because grace has wrought a wondrous" transformation, and God the Holy Ghost has made those who were not a peoplo to be called the peoplo of God. Good news this for auy of you who feel your guilt. You have been Hitherto serving Satan, but mercy can yet bring you to lean upon the Beloved; grace can bring you up from the wilderness instead of permitting you to go down to the pit. She who to-day joyously trusts in her God was once a weeping Hannah, a woman of a sorrowful spirit, but now her soul rcjoiceth in the Lord, for Ho hath remembered her low estate. She was once a sinful Jtahab, dwell ing in a city doomed to destruction, but she has hung out the scarlet line of faith, and if all "others perish, she shall bo secure in the day of destruction. Sho who is" here spoken 'of is a Bath. She came from afar as an idolatress: she left the land of her nativity, and she hath entered - into union with the Lord and His people. Her cry is, 11 Where Thou dwell est I will dwell. Thy people shall be my people* thy God 6hall be my God." She was once a stranger, but she is now an Israelite indeed; she was once accursed, but she is now blessed; once foal, but now washed; once lost, but now found again. In a word, the soul that leans upon Christ habitually every day, and casts her care upon Hira, is one of a princely race; she has been begotten into tho family of God; the blood Imperial flows within her veins, and in the day when tho crowns of princes and of emperors shall melt into the common dust to which they belong, the crown jewels and the diadems of these believing souls shall glitter in the king dom of God. One hundred and twenty firemen are re quired to feed the furnaces of a first- class Atlantic steamer. 