A Sydney Miracle. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. The interesting case of Mr Thomas Jarvis, who says that a few WEEKS AGO HE .YAS CRIPPLED— PARTIALLY PARALYZED, SUFFERING FROM LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, AND HELP LESS. Doctors, hospital authori ties, AND EVERY one SAID IIE MUST DIE, AS HIS CASE WAS HOPELESS. But THEY WERE MISTAKEN. To-DAY HE IS A NEW MAN, FULL OF LIFE AND I ENERGY, HIS CRUNCHES HE HAS THROWN AWAY, HIS DEAD LIMBS HAVE LIFE, HIS APPETITE HAS RETURNED, AND, IN FACT, IIE nAS A NEW LEASE ' OF LIFE OUT AND OUT. j So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian Workman a few weeks ago :— One afternoon our representative made bis way to the home of Mr Thomas Jar ris, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydneyr. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : “ You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an op portunity to fell you. The facts maybe of value to iho3e who are stricken as I j was. “ How long were you suffering ? ’> “Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, nnd after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.” “ What were the symptoms ?” “ Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrib'e. They were just about as much as I eould bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.” “ Did you make use of the order ?’ “ No ; I came borne and went to bed, and hare been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suSering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive loeomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible). Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertivement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr Wil liams’ Pink Pill for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed' to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvel lous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was tin matier with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to more about. I have taken fonr boxes of Pink Pills during the past four wee.ks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid oE a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here 7 They were made for me before I got Dr Williams’ Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don’t want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see l am rapidly regaining my strength.” “ He is 100 per cent, better,” said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and token the baby on her knees. “ Dr Williams’ Pink Pills have saved his life, and made anotherman of him.” A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten yenrB younger that day than he had a fortnight pre viously. “ I can now,’’ continued Jams, “nave a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work ns a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade.—I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, however, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excru ciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can j hardly believe their eyes. My being about again ' has caused quite a sensation out here.’’ Such is the remarkably History, ana confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonish ing cures wrought by Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for . Pale People. They cure loco motor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of. the blood, such as anasmia, pale and-sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, .nervous head ache, &c.; These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the Full name, Dr Williams Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr Williams’ Medicine Company, Queen’s Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for- 2s- 9d, or half-a-dozen for 14s 9d. Congregational. — The Rev. T. H. James will give one of his “ Plain Talks to Young Men” on Sunday evening next in the Congregational Church at 7 p.nj • : Anthems will he rendered by the choir 1 daring the Bertie*. 