Our Melbourne Letter. MELBOURNE, Dec. 24. PARLIAMENTARY. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. At last the session has come to a clr-si. This afternoon, with the usual Legislative banners and the blare of vice-regal trumpets, his Excellency Lord Brassey dismissed hon. members to their homes. And not a moment too soon either, for we were all growing very tired of their bungling and wrangling. There was some mirth at 2 o'clock this morning in the press gallery when, the business being concluded. the Premier started the orthodox series of mutual admiration speeches. To listen to Mr. Turner, to Sir John M'lntvre, to Sir Graham Berry (the Speaker), and to Mr. Mason (the Chairman of Committees), one would have thought that this had nroved itself the best of all possible Parliaments. This was all the funnier, viewed in the light of the fact that only a few hours previously Mr. Prendergast, the virulent labour member, had denounced the lawyers of the House as "creatures and tools of the banking institutions" and had obstinately refused to withdraw until coming within an ace of being " named." A little later on, Mr. Madden and Mr. Isaac Isaacs (the Attorney-General) had an acrimonious dispute over a document that had been destroyed, and though they ultimately agreed to "kiss and be friends" it was easily seen that an angry " sediment " remained. The approaching close of the session has been marked, too, by threatenings of heavy storms with the Legislative Council; while the Premier has more than once been compelled to lash out at his own supporters in the labour corner in no measured style. Harmonious session, indeed ! Ii there has been any one session peculiarly marked by raucour, angry feeling, insult, innuendo, and all that goes to make men's " angry passions rise" it is that just closed. The important measures sent to the Council have, even when passed, been so mutilated as to destroy much of the good hoped to be derived from them. The Companies Bill was fairly emasculated, the Factories Act came back to the Assembly shorn of its half- holiday provisions, and exempting dairies and butter factories, two principles declared by the Chief Secretary, on the second reading, to be vital ; the Insolvency Law Amendment Bill bad its " administration expenses " clause struck out altogether, and consequently had to be ab indoned by the Attorney- General ; while the Credit Eoncier Bill designed to give cheap money to our farmers was passed by the Council under such a stringent protest as to amount almost to an insult. And this is what the Premier in his closing speech had to thank " both branches of the Legislature for." Thank heaven ! We are free of Parliament for the next three months at least. OUR HEALTH. The Health authorities are fully alive to the danger of the Bubonic plague now raging in India, and spreading to the Australian colonies. They are taking every precaution with regard to Victoria. Vessels arriving from infected ports are to be rigidly examined. The Bubonic health list is far too formidable to be trilled with. TRADE DISPUTE. While I am writing a very pretty little dispute is proceeding in the printing trade. The Herald men who work the Linotype machines have been " called out " by Mr. Jack Hancock, the secretary of their society. They have up to the present been receiving 3d. per thousand, earning thereat 2s. per hour for six hours work per day. The society has decreed that the "comps. " on the evening papers must not take less than 4d. per thousand, while those on the morning papers were to receive 43d. The Herald printers have " gone out Those on the Argus will do the same to-night if their demands are not acceded to. As retaliation those two journals intend advertising for free labour, or what are known in the trade as " rats". In these perilously depressed times one would have thought that workmen would have thought twice before imperilling £1 12s. per week. MINING. The Exchange closed to-day for the Christmas holidays and there will consequently be no business worth mentioning for the next fortnight. During the week Ballarat stocks have come into most notice, that good old claim the Band and Albion reporting a satisfactory crushing. Prom Alexandria mines comes a telegram to the effect that Prosser and Co., crushed 5 tons for 153 oz. This is the rich run of stone I alluded to in a previous letter. A cablegram from Hobart also mentions that the New Golden Gate battery had crushed 2,265 tons of stone, for 2,418 oz retorted gold, and that the nvrites saved is valued at 10.000. This means a Christmas box of 5s. per share to the lucky stock holders. With regard to the West Australian mines, there has been a stir on Ivanhoes, which have been quitted at £10 18s. while the Queen Margaret Group have touched 47s. At Tal'angatta further rich finds have been made, Millard and party obtaining 70 oz. from 16 tons. The Magdala- cummoonhght company at Stawell, has adopted Lie McMurtrie patent process, for cleaning tne copper plates, The plates were last cleaned 12 days ago and yesterday the yield was 300 oz Altogether you will see that we still have a strong claim to the title of " Golden Victoria." GENERAL. Crime has not been on the increase, though the thermometer during the last week has averaged something like xoo in the shade. Yesterday a "confidence " man named John Talum, was presented at the criminal court, on the charge of having on the 23rd Nov. robbed John Standing, of 125 sovs. which the latter had worked for in West Australia. It was the old story at the Mooney Valley races, the prisoner put the prosecutoron to the "good things." They had tea together then journeyed to the classic precincts of Exhibition-street, where in a den, Talum took the money and bolted. For which he was sentenced to two years hard labor, emphasised by terms of " solitary " in which to ponder on the wickedness of " taking down " returned West Australian miners. A peculiar and fatal accident happened to a lad 16 years old, named Richard Parker, while bathing in the Yarra yesterday. In diving he struck his thigh so violently against a snag that he severed an artery and bled to death. Only a dav or two since the two little sons of Mr. Yates, the wellknown racing man and trainer, were drowned in the saddest manner at Kei'or. Another well-known sporting man, Morriss Kleiner, a hairdresser and tobacconist, as well-known as Colac itself, committed suicide yesterday in a most determined way, fastening one end of a hay-band to a beam in his bath room, the other end round his neck, andjumping off one of his tobacco cases. That well-known pile of buildings in Collins-street, the Olderfleet, came very near destruction by fire a day or two since. The flames broke out on the premises of Mr. Patterson, the printer, and were with difficulty suppressed. A terrible tragedy is telegraphed as having occurred at the Grampians, the mountainous district, about 20 miles from Stawell. A Mrs. O'Rourke and her daughter were washing clothes at a creek, when a bush fire swept down on them without the slightest warning. The daughter's clothes first ignited. Then on attempting to extinguish them, the mother was so badly burned that she died before reaching the Stawell Hospital. The husband, too, was so burned as to place his life in serious jeopardv. SPORTING. Though we are on the eve of the New Years Day meeting, but little interest is taken in it. There is absolutely no straight out betting, all the wagering done being in doubles. For the Standish, Wait-a-bit, Trrndle, Areola, Ilium, and Ayreshire have been coupled with Mischief, St. David, Lilleth, OTrigger, and The Cnevalier^ despite the warning from the trainer of the latter that the stable has not a shilling on. But the public pay little attention to these disclaimers of " Wily Ike funilham. The Patricia case has been advanced another stage, the V.K.C. committee having yesterday examined several witnesses. The inquiry was adjourned at the request of Mr. D. Nathan, the punter said to be implicated in so many little arrangements, by the aid of which it is reported he has managed to amass over £\o,ooo. Tne cycling match between Martin and Parsons resulted just as I told your readers I thought it would. Parsons never had the ghost of a chance from the mile upwards. Nor would he in my opinion at any time, though he is talking of another match, this time three heats of a mile each. Meanwhile, cycling dovecotes have been fluttered by the disputes between the M.B.C. and the League of Victorian Wheelmen over the colour question. And no sooner was this settled than fresh trouble arose over the proposed match between Martin and Ken Lewis. The Melbourne Bicycle Club intend holding a meeting on the St. Kilda cricket ground on New Year's Day, and as an additional attraction offered the winner of the Martin-Lewis match £"175 to ride it there. But the League, at a recent meeting, resolved that all matches in future should be conducted by the League itself. Consequently, it has been arranged that the match shall take place during the three days fixture on the St. Ivilda ground on 9th, 16th, and 23rd January, t iough, under the League's manage merit, the winner nets only .£150. That neither the M.BC. nor Martin and Lewis are satisfied, goes without saying. During the holidays a cyclist encampment is to be held at Warrnambool. 120 tents have been borrowed from the Defence Department, and, judging from the programme, there should be stacks of fun. 