GENERAL NEWS An Appointment. — Mr. S. A. Jacob, clerk of the Perth Police Court, has been appointed a com missioner of the Supreme Court for receiving affidavits. Ms. G. THEOssi-ii, 1LL.A. — The Commissioner for Crown Lands (Mr. G. Throssell, M.L.A.) has not been at all well for some little time,and on Nov. 17, he was prevented by ill-health from attend ing the Bunbury Show. Ketcbsted to Peeth. — Messrs. C. E. Dempster, M.L.C., C. J. Moran, M.L.A., F. Wallace, M.L.A., W. J. George, M.L.A., and' J. E. A.Conolly, M-L.A-, who have been spending the last few days at the Boulder, returned to Perth in the morning train last Wednesday. Peculiar Accident. — The prac tice of boys riding on the back steps of 'buses is a very common one in tbe city, and drivers of these vehicles endeavor to stop the habit as much as they can. The driver of a Highgate Hill 'bus on Tuesday evening nicked his whip at a boy who was riding on the step, but the shot unfortunately missed its mark, and the lash inflicted a blow on Mr. J. L. Clarke, the junior official receiver, who was riding on the 'bus. He was promptly conveyed to his residence, and the services of Dr. M'Williams were called into requisition. it was found that hemorrhage of the eye had resulted, and although no serious conse quences are feared, Mr. Clarke will be confined to a dark room for a ew days. Fckxral Baked Meats. — The diverting writer of ' Pages from a Private Journey,' pub lished in an English conteui porarv, tells a story of a dying Yorkshireinan who asked his daughter for a slice of the bam she was cooking, but was met with the rebuff 'Thee 'get on with thy deeing ; t' ham's for t' funeral.' A telegram received at the office of the Commissioner for Police on Nov 17 contained the particulars of a series of accidents which occurred at Wyndbam, and one of which resulted fatally. The message stated that a man named Nichol son had been thrown from his horse near the Three-mile Hotel, and seriously injured. A short time afterwards a boy named Willie Bridge, who was sent to procure assistance for Nicholson, was thrown from his horse, and killed instantly. Later on Constable Ritchie was returning to Wyndham, after making inquiries in regard* to the- fatality, when the police horse ' Fergus,' which lie was riding, fell and broke its neck. All the acci dents occurred in the eatne neigh borhood, and inside two hours. The Investment Trust of Western Aus tralia publishes in another column an announcement referring to the Aitken Brewing and Bottling Company, Limited, Cottesloe Beach, near Perth. It is intended to issue at a premium hy tender 5,000 shares of £1 each. Tbe brewery is looked upon as a first-class investment by divers people. The directors are well-known commercial men, and tbe brewer is Mr. Thos. Aitken, lately of the Victoria Brewery, Melbourne -one of the most colossal affairs of the kind in the colonies, and of the Philadelphia Lager Brewery, San Francisco. His ability is given as undoubted, and the revenue looked upon as a matter of much congratu lation. The demand for lager beer in bulk is enormous. The 5,000 shares in the com pany will be issued subject to the provision tbat the mimimum price at which tenders will be entertained is 1s. above par. Ten ders will be received up to the 24th inst.,on which date the allotment of shares will be made. The increase of capital will place the company on an exceptionally sound footing. The Weathee is Perth. — The 6ty on Kov. 17 was jrloomy and threatening, and several times a few drops of rain fell. A strong wind biew from tbe south- west. Sad Affair. — A bride and bridesrrooni. after arriving at a chapel in Peterborough tl:e other day, had to depart unmarried, having omitted to give n-oUco to the registrar. Watek iu the Xubiax Deseet — A supp'v of water Las been discovered beneath the sands of the Isubian Desert. This finil. it is thought, should make the 'entire traek habitable, and render the soil cultivable. A Traik Derailed. — The Coolgardie express train was de layed on Xov. 17 for some hours through the engine having become derailed at Hine's Hill. The engine was replaced, and no damage re sulted. Botany Classes. — The ele mentary botanv classes in con nection with the Mueller Botanic Society were commenced on Nov. 17 in the 'Wesley-hall. There was a fair attendance. Dr. A. Morrison and 3Ir. E. J. Bickford, F.L.S., were the lecturers. Scottish Thistle Club. — The monthly meeting of members of the Scottish Thistle Club was held on Nov. 17 at Jacoby's Bohemia-hall. There was a fair attendance of members, and the chair was occupied by Mr W. Bolton. It was decided to held a concert at Fremantle on the first Friday in December under the auspices of the Perth branch. No other business of importance was transacted. St. John's Ambulance Asso ciation. — In Mrs. HartnolTs school-room on Nov. 17 the presi dent of St. John's Ambulance Association (Dr. M'Wiliiams) con ducted an examination of ladies on the rendering of first aid to the injured. There were 14 candidates. The papers are expected to be corrected in a few Jays. Blue Gums in Africa. — The heaviest crop of blucgum timber the writer has yet inspected (says Mr. R-. W. Adlaui in the Johannes burg Star) is near Maritzburg. The trees stand 10ft. apart, and are perfectly smooth columns 2ft. in diameter and 50ft. to 70ft. high, bearing branches at the top only. They v.ere planted 17 vears ago. On entering this fine plantation it seems like a primitive forest — you wander in an endless colonnade of dimly-iighted pillars, a carpet of dry leaves under foot. A Street Accident. — At about 1 o'clock List Wednesday a man named Thomas Hagan was driving a buggy in Barrack-street in the direction of Wellington-street, when a bolt came out, causing one of the shafts to fall to the ground. This frightened the horse, which bolted, and when opposite the Railway Hotel it collided with a lorry, from which goods were being unloaded for Ah Ling. The bugsjy was smashed, and Hagan was thrown out. He was taken to the Perth Hospital, but not detained, as his injuries were only slight. Kidnapping. — An extraordinary case of kidnapping is reported from Italy. At Cava Tirreni a maid servant suddenly disap peared with the infant child of Mr. Hasting Young, an English tourist. The latest telegram on the subject says : — ' It now seems to be certain that the maid servant, ?who is a Neapolitan, is in hiding at Naples. It is reported that she is in league with a large gang of malefactors in that city, and that Mr. Young has received a letter demanding a ransom of 50,000 lire for the child. The Government has offered a reward of 2,@00f. for any information leading to the dis covery of the place where the child is hidden.' Fire at Cueemokt. — On Tuesday night a fire occurred at the resideni-e of Dr. W. Theodore Hodge, Clareniont. Through a lighted kerosene lamp having been left close to a file of papers the latter ignited, and subsequently set fire to the eastern wall of the building, which was constructed of hessian. Mr. E. A. Lanpr, who was passing along the main road at about 10.30 o'clock, observed flames issuing from the building, and accompanied by two friends, Messrs. Manning and Hayies, pro ceeded towards the building. The three gentlemen displayed com mendable energy in fighting the flames, which were ultimately ex tinguished, and the total destruc tion of Dr. Hodge's house was thus averted. Dr. Hodge was absent from home at the time, and did not return untii after his premises ?were out of danger. Bb.idax. Dsesses. — A bride in the MaryJebone County Court, London, secured a redaction of her dressmaker's bill. Fourteen guineas was charged for the bridal robe and eight guineas for the going away dress, the bill, with the cost of the bridesmaids' outfits, amounting to 75 guineas. Petboleusi Haiewash. — More London hairdressers, all foreigners, have been fined for having had petroleum hairwash in their pos session. It was stated that the demand br ladies for this dangerous compound had greatly increased since the recent fatal accident which resulted from its use. Cholera in Java- — Our Sydney correspondent telegraphed last night as follows : — The steamer Chang Sha brings news oE the ravage of cholera in Java. In the district of Kendall, New Saniaru. in nine -lajB in September 286 cases occurred, and 197 died. In Demak there hare been altogether 5,760 cases, and nearly 4,500 deaths. Wills and Bequests. — Letters of administration have been granted to the wills of George Ellis, lately of Mount Malcolm to Henry Gover. value of the estate £62 ; Marianne Jones, lately of Canning, married woman, to Jane Esquilant, value £100. Cce Quarter Sessions. — The Cue Quarter Sessions were opened yesterday, whefl sub-inspector Connor acted as prosecutor. The charges were : — T. Kestall, robbery with violence ; J. Pope, larceny of battery plates and amalgam ; Jas. Durack, larceny ; H. S. Cramer, tvro charges of embezzlement and one of larcenv, Durack's case was heard, and the prisoner was dis« charged. GoveenmentLand Sales. — The attention of the public is directed to an advertisement concerning the Government land sales which are to be held this month. Particular attention is drawn to the auction to be held at the oflice of the Lands and Survey Department on Friday, when several valuable Fre mautie suburban, Moora suburban, and Swan View suburban lots will be offered for sale. Norseman News. — The school house at Norseman narrowly escaped destruction on Tuesday from a '* willy-wilty.' The verandah on one side was lifted bodily oa to the roof, but fortun I ately no further damage was done. I A great scare was caused among the children. The storni continued yesterday, the wind blowing with great vigor, it being one of the worst dust storms ever witnessed at Norseman. The police are en gaged making a census of the town and neighborhood, and expect to finish itoa Saturday. Railway Improvements. — The work of erecting additional plat form accommodation near Roe street, to improve the arrangements, in connection with the pas~ senger platform at the Perth railway station, has been commenced. by the Railway Department. In connection with the alterations to the station the work of constructing new sidings in Eoe-street, on the site which ?was formerly used by the Jarrab dale Timber Co., has also been started. We understand tbat Ihe sidings are intended for the accom modation of carriages and other vehicles. Albany Fire Fighters. ? — Albany has a fire brigade at last (says our Albany correspondent), and on Wednesday the first prac tice was indulged in. A dozen men under Mr. Wilson, the foreman of the jetty hands, rushed the manual engine from one railway shed to another. The engine is provided by the Railway Department, and is about as big as a packing-case of half a ton shipping measurement. The wheels are about as big as those of the hand trucks used on the railway platform. Cr. James, who has the fire brigade interests much at heart, saw nothing of this fire fighting, the Railway Depart ment ' going on its own.' A Mudgee Hawk. — Mr. John Honeysett; of Tallewang, writes to the Mudgee Western Post:— "I saw in your paper last week where a large hawk had been shot. I am now sending you the dimensions of one shot at Tallewang recently. It measures 8ft. 4in. from tip to tip of the wings; from point of beak to tail, 3ft. 8in.; from tip of beak to back of head, 7in.; when standing it measures 18in. to the top of its back; its claws will clasp anything 6in. in diameter, and its eyes are as large as good-sized agate marbles It is what is commonly called the black eaglehawk. It was shot by William Honeysett, and may be seen by anyone at Tallewang." Australian Zoology. — Dr. R. Seiuou, in his ' Iu Australian Bush and Coasts of Coral Seas,' makes some interesting zoological remarks. He came to Australia speciallv to get j-oung stages of Ceratudns, the Q. lung breathing fish, Echidna, the marsupial ant-eating hedgehog, and other distinctive beasts of this continent. According' to Semon tbe platypus chiefly lives on one of the cockle tribe (fioi-bicul-a nepean etifix). The platypus and the ant eater reproduce but once a year, and ripe and fertilised eggs are found only in the left oviduct. He also declares that the dingo is responsible for the disappearance from the mainland of the Tas inanian devil (Sarcoph tins') And the Tasmanian striped wolf (Thyla clnus:'), which, by the way, is not a wolf at all, but simply a carnivorous marsupiaL A description of Mr. S. 1L Croc kett and his methods, published in the Xew York 'Critic,' makes him out to be a iriant both in !-ody and in mind. Discussing Mr. Crockett's style, a contributor tr. the ''Critic' remarked to a friend that it showej great- a.nd apparently excessive, rapidity of composition. 'Wo;&. rapidly.'' said the friend, enthusias tically, 'T should think lie did. ? He has two type-writing machines ofl unusual size and Ftrensrth that lie had made especially for his owu use at a cost of i-0-) dollars each, and he works oa these at iifrhtnin: pace. But that is not all — he will carry on n *r-eneral conversatio i with a roomful of people while Lt is writintr out a story on the ma chine. N-nr, I have heard com positors talk while sticking type, but they were merely copying, whereas Mr. Crockett was: writini out --ri-nnal matter. L-sually hj works nloue, be^niuintr at about '- o'clock in the morning, and when he cuiiies down to breakfast at fl be has -j000 words written out. I never saw such a man. He seems to be inexhaustible, and is certainly inde fatigable. He is 6ft. 4in. tall, weighs 2801b,, and is as nimble as a cat,*' IxTEEVIEWrNG THE PeEKIER. ? The Premier has recently caused a notice to be printed and posted im his corridor in the Government offices, statixtg that, owing to the many demands upon his time, he is unable to receive deputations or grant interviews unless previously arranged, and then only between the hours of 2.30 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Ajqci.tera.tios op Food. — Mr. L. Lindley Cowen wishes us to 4 state that in the report on the alleged adulteration of food, sup plied to us by the Bureau of Agriculture, a slight mistake oa the part of the bureau occurred. Referring to malt vinegars, the wards *' resin coloring' were used. The words should have been *? rum coloring.' Influx of Asiatics. — On Nov 17 the steamer Sultan landed at Fre mantle 17 Afghans, five Japanese, and three Chinese, makin-r a total of 25 Asiatics imported bv this vessel into the colony on her pre sent trip from Singapore. Railway Material. — The steamship Maori King, which is expected to arrive at Fremantle shortly, has on board a quantity of railway material for this colony. The consignment includes six bogie brake vans, 10 bogie freight wag gons, 20 bogie covered goods 'wag- gons, workshop machinery, and permanent-way material. Pastoral Rents. ? The Com missioner for Crown Lands stated in the Legislative Assembly, Nor, 16 ihat the Government *did not propose to forgo the rents due from pastoral lessees in the northern part of the colour on. January 1 next, owing to the heavy losses of stock caused by the droughts. The Consolidating Land Bill that Was about to be intro duced -would make provision foi reducing the rents aad extending the tenure of pastoral leases. Growth of Weeds. — Mr. Helms, botanist to the Bureau of Agriculture, who is at present visiting the Geraldiron district, has written to the secretary of the bureau (Mr. L. Lindlev Cowen) stating that he had seen a number of thistles growing along the Mid land railway line. Mr. Cowen wrote to Mr. Eeane, general manager of the Midland Company, asking him to take steps to eradi cate the weeds. Mr. Keane re plied to the effect that he would give the matter immediate con' sideration. Rhea Bark. — The Premier re cently received from the Rhea Fibre Treatment Company, Li mited, of London, a pamphlet giving a full account of the treat ment and uses of the Rhea feark which is being grown so success fully in India, and enclosing samples of the articles manufac tured from it. These include silks, satins, linens, ribbons, fibres, lace, &c;, which clearly show the great value of the bark. It is suggested that the trial should be made of growing the tree in this colony, Fremantle Public Buildings. — In the Legislative Assembly on Nov 16 the Director of Public Works informed Mr. Holmes that the Government did not at present propose to proceed with the erec tion of the new Customs -house at Fremantle, as, owing to the increase of business, it was probable that a more commodious building than that which had been contemplated would be erected. Provision had been made on the Estimates this year for a new court-house at the Port. I.O.O.T.— The weekly meeting of the Crystal Stream Lodge of the Independent Order of Good Tem plars was held in the Congrega tional school- room at North Fre mantle on Monday night. The Chief Templar (Bro. O. M. Wil- ' liatns) presided, aid an enjoyable evening was spent, the members and their friends indulging in the propounding and solving of conun drums and in general harmony. Among those who contributed towards the entertainment were Sisters Sumner, Attwel!, Weils, and Woods, and Brothers Rowlands; Watson, Williams, and Miiler. English papers report the death of Mr. James Aniory Sullivaa, youngtrst son of the late Barry Sullivan. It will be remembered that he revisited Australia a few years ago. He came to th:3 country first when he was quite a youth along with his father in the early sixties, and during liany Sullivan's three years' lesseesaip of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, had much to do with the business aSairs of that house. Subsequently he was his father's right hand man in respect of the manage ment of his tours in the Bn:i*!i Islands and in America. On oue occasion in Cork he even took the father's place on the stage, pre senting himself as Hamlet, and ha was fortunate enough to find an in dulirent if not exactly an entaa siasiic audience. Ainory SuUivaq had not, however, the gifts which would have enabled him to aii-ua distinction as an actor. Seestoks kt a Countess. — The Court Journal, now edited by a hard-working humorist called Tasker, announced lately that the Countess of Warwick was about to publish a volume of sermons (re marks a London correspondent). This caused us surprise. After all it was a more harmless act than writing a problem-novel; then, it was known tbat Lady Warwick had come under Mr. W, T. Stead's influence, asd -was a chronic sufferer from agricultural depres sion. However, it tarns out that the Countess of Stafford, not of Warwick, is the real authoress of the forthcoming work. Rekutded to Peeth. — Joseph Milner was brought up in the Coolgardie Police Court on Not. 16 ha Ting been arrested on a warrant issued in Perth charging him ?with ?wife desertion. He was remanded to the sittrag of the Perth court. The Govkknob. nr the South. — His Excellency the Governor and the vice-regal party returned to Busselton from Karridale last Tuesday, and willleaTe in a special train at 9.25 this morning to open the Bunbury Show. Bake op New South 'Wai.es. — The manager of the Bank of .New South Wales, Perth, receded the following information by wire from the Sydney office on Not. 16 : » — At the meeting to-day, a dividend was declared at the rate of 9 per cent, per annum. The reserve fund is now .£1,200,000. After declaring the dividend the directors carried forward the sum of .£16,500. A Peisok Evjjtgelist. — Mrs. Baraey, prison evangelist of the W.C.T.U, left Albany for Perth in Tuesday afternoon's train, and was accompanied to the platform by a large number sf friends. She addressed audiences in the Wesleyan Church, Albany, on Sun day afternoon and evening, the temperance bodies attending in regalia. The Peeth Water Supply. — The Metropolitan Water Works Board notifies consumers who use water for other than domestic pur poses, that unless they make application to the board for a meter within seven days from this date proceedings will be taken against them for the misuse of water. Attention, is drawn in another column to by-law No. 14, which it is tfie intention of the board to enforce. Pbesident of the W.C.T.U. — At a meeting of the United Order of Good Templars held last Tuesday at Fremantle, it was decided to combine with the various temper ance societies, Salvation 'Army,' and other religious bodies at Fre mantle in giving Mrs. Nicholls, ? the president of the Women's Christian Temperance Union, a reception at the Town-hall, Fre mantle, to-night, previously to her lecture on ' Temperance.' Muechieoit Railway. — Very great interest is manifested in the i Cue district re Messrs. Baxter and Prince's, application for a Bix months' extension of the railway contract. Strong opposition is ex-» pressed (says our Cue correspon dent), as it is felt that injustice is being done by the carriage rates not having been lowered long ago. The mayor has been requested to convene a meeting on Tuesday next to consider the matter and bring it \- under the notice of the Govern ment. A Yankee Bot and ' the Ency clopedia. — The story of Sir 'Walter Scott's visitor who while waiting read a dictionary, and re marked that the stories in it were ' bonny, but unco' short,' is capped by an aneedote in the current Harper's. It tells of an American boy who, one rainy day, started to read through the ' Encyclopaedia Britannia.' ' Well, my son, said his father, 'how do you like it ?' ' Pretty good,' was the answer. *' Algebra's slow, but alligators is bully.' ^Nokth Fremaxtle Council. — The adjourned monthly meeting of the North Fremantle Municipal Council was held on Tuesday, when the schedule of work for the en suing year was considered. After discussion, it was decided to spend in this direction the sum of £1,200, which it was estimated would be available after all other liabilities were discharged. | The Federal Band.— The Sal vation ''Army'' Federal Band, which is composed of 25 members. . arrived at Albany in the steamer Rockton on Nov 16 and is expected to reach Fremantle to- night. A musical evening will be given in the Perth Town Hall to-uiorrovr night, when ''Major' Taylor, the social secretary, and 'Major' Go-: rer will be present. The object of, the visit is to assist ''Major' Gover ia. various building schemes to be carried out in this colonv. 'The Besesfoki- Ghost.' — In the October number of the Genea- 1 logical Magazine Lord William ' Beresford gives the most detailed , account that has yet appeared of the ' Beresford Ghost.' Lord Wil liam is the oldest descendant now living of the heroine of the tale, and he has had access to family records hitherto passed over by former writers on the subject. Briefly the story of the Beresford Ghost is as follows : — On a specified night (in 1693) Lord Tyrone, who bad died on the day preceding, appeared to Lady Beresford, and did then predict to her certain future events, which came to pass a few years afterwards. Lord Wil liam entirely disbelieves in the ghost story, and accounts in. a satisfactory manner for certain so called proofB of ghostly visitation. A Difacxtee. — Mr. Holmes asked the Commissioner for Rail ways in the Legislative Assembly on' Nov. 16 — ' Whether in the case of Pan/U.11, a, defaulter t« the Rail way Department, proper securities were obtained for the good conduct and bona fides of that employe ?' The Minister replied — ' The de faulter occupied a dual position, viz., stores manager for railways, as well as works. Be was under guarantee as regards the former department, but this guarantee did not apply to ike latter, in which his defalcations occurred.' He added that no repayments, itad been made. - * ' Proposed Children's Hospi tal. — The gum 8ub-crieed towards the building fund of the proposed Children's Hospital has now i readied .£1,025 10s. | The Weather in Peeth. — ? The atmosphere on Tuesday -was | inclined to be close, and at about 16 p.m. there were a few drops of j rain. Shortly after midnight a I sharp shower occurred. The f ol- j lowing temperatures were re i corded : — Maximum, 71deg. ; mini ! zanto, 51'3deg. j RETtrRN of Bishop G»bket. — ! The Roman Catholic bishop of I Perth (Dr. Gibney) returned to the ieity from the eastern celonie son ? Not 16. His health has improved, | and he hopes to accomplish his 1 projected trip to Rome early nest ! year. I Precautions Against Fire. — ! As a temporary means of pr«tect jing Bay ley-street from, fire, the Coolgardie Municipal Council has decided, with the assistance of the residents, to place in the centre ef 'the main thoroughfare large tanks, to be kept full «f water. It is proposed that the residents sh»uld contribute the tanks and the council the water. The proposal is generally favored. A Japanese Vagrant. — A Japanese named Tarignaro Manyo, who had previously been remanded for medical examination on a charge of vagrancy, was brought before Mr. Finnerty, E.M., at Coolgardie on Tuesday, Medical testimony having been obtained as to the sanity of the accused, he was sentenced to one month's im prisonment. Alleged Lascent. — At Cool gardie on Tuesday George Wilson, lately bookkeeper with Messrs. Coegrove and Company, was arrested on a warrant charging him with larceny as a bailee of £70 worth of scrip, the property of his late camp mate^W. Murphy. Bail was granted. A Burbanes Fatalitt. — The inquest on the body ef Isaac Peate, who was killed in the No. 1 Burbanks West mine, will be resumed at Coolgardie this morning. The coroner's jury met on Nov. 16, and, together with Captain Fowler, the chief inspector, dr«ve out to the mine to inspect it before calling evidence. Lecture on Eusexn. — At the meeting of the Y.M.C.A. Literary and Debating Society on Nov. 16 the Eev. D. L Freedman delivered an interesting lecture on Ruskin. At the conclusion the lecture was subjected tc criticism, after which a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Freedman. At the next meeting of the society Dr. ZiHmann will lecture on federation. Railway Employe Injured. — A serious accident befel a railway employe named James Hogg at Mungarrie station at midnight on Monday. Hogg was engaged shunt ing, and in attaching a truck slipped and f elL A pair ef wheels passed over his thigh, causing a compound fracture. The injured maa was taken to the Coolgardie Hospital, and it is believed that the limb will be saved. Tenders. ? — Tenders for th under- mentioned works were opened in the Public Works Department yesterday, the lowest tenderers being — Cottesloe Post- office, Leggo and Clague; Balladonia Post and Telegraph station, W. Harrison. 