SASSIETY, SCANDAL, SUPPOSI TIONS, AND STATEMENTS. Wben Charlie shakes hands with the Queen, The regal toe having been kissed, " Ma certes," she'll say In her own Scottish way, Or like Pat, " 'Tis an iliigant fist!" " Buxton's wine is all right." This is the verdict passed by the young bloods who go to Government House. Some former Governors used to ladle out gooseberry for champagne, and guests were glad to wash their mouths out with whisky obtained at a neigh boring pub. They are saying that the Rev. J. C. Kirby ought to know something about the C.D. Acts because he is fond of C.D. subjects. See it! The following advertisement from a a recent Advertiser concerns an Irish man, but the undertakers who in serted it are, strangely enough, not Hibernians :—" The friends of the late Mr. Patrick Nolan are respectfully in formed that his funeral took place yesterday (Wednesday), and not to day, as previously advertised." That is as good as telling a man that you saw him drunk to-morrow. Veteran Sir George Grey was, it is said, once very nearly being made King of Greece. The oily kingdom was at that time hard up for a ruler, .and Grey's administration in Britain's colonies seemed to point to him as a suitable man. But the matter ended in talk; otherwise Grey might now have been King of Greece and Turkey as well. Miss Maud Danks, " the daughter of a journalist," is one of the latest vocal debutants in London. Can this young lady's father be our old friend Banks, who was for some time on the literary staff of the Advertiser, and afterwards a Daily Telegraph re porter in Sydney. Danks, who married a South Australian lady, went to London abmt seven years ago, and is now connected with the Daily Chronicle. The Ministers' Association of Vic toria object to the poor being supplied with free beer on the occasion of the record reign celebrations. They want to fill up the poverty-stricken ones with tea and lemonade. Great Caesar's ghost! Will a couple of glasses of j tanglefoot do the miserable beings any j harm? Will they not, on the con trary, help them to forget for the nonce their wretchedness and squalor ? If lemonade will produce the same effect by all means stick to lemonade. Every reform is assailed by igno rance. The proposal to establish a crematorium at Rosebery has excited the opposition of a few property owners, who fear that they will not be able to sell their land if the building is erected. Now, one can understand objection being made to a cemetery where corpses rot and fester in the ground, but the incineration of the dead is a process free from un pleasant consequences. Our present mode of disposing of our dead is barbarous, aed absolutely prejudicial to the general health. The ancients who practised cremation knew what they were about, and the present movement is too rational to be set aside by unenlightened and b;goted opponents. It is reported that M. Maryanski, the Polish mining expert now in the West, will soon have a rival. The newcomer's name is Sarahjaneski. As, owing to the long distance he resides from the city and the necessity for giving close attention to his private affairs, Copley finds himself compelled to resign the leadership of the Opposi tion, he will of course not be able to take office in the event of the Kingston Ministry being shortly overthrown. The man from Blackrock has protested just a trifle too much. On the night of the last Government House dance a young man was wending a somewhat corkscrewy course home wards when he met a policeman and % accosted him thus :—" Pon my soul, it's most aggravating. Not a cab to be found. Can you oblige me, constable, by calling a cabby?" "Been to Govern ment House, sir?" asked Robert. " Yes," replied the wayfarer showing his shirt front. Thereupon Robert went in pursuit of a cab, and presently tucked the illustrious personage into a four wheeler. But that young fellow had only been to a shilling hop after all, and the policeman will probably kick himself when he finds out that he was not assisting a legislator disguised in drink. The Warden at Menzies goldfield is a most sarcastic man, as witness the following remarks :—" Adelaide syndi cates are so respectable. In some cases they let their agents go on engaging men, and when the wages become due they quietly repudiate their liability, and their agents fall in. I know of instances where the best people and the best names in Adelaide have been on syndicate •<, and they quietly drop the agents for a cool <£900 for wages, and when their agents go over to collect the money they can't geb it. I am of opinion they could be made to pay it." These observations are believed to apply to a syndicate of which Messrs. Crane and Harvey were the representatives in Menzies. The young fellows are now running the mine on their own, and if it turns up trumps wont the syndicators be pleased ? Here is a tip for bootmakers out of work. Why not follow the example of the tinkers, and make a house to house canvas. There must be in nearly every house in the city at least one pair of pedal coverers that require repairing, and which are left unre paired through forgetfulness or some other cause. Let the boot artists hire a van, and drive round in search of this work. This would help to keep the wolf from the door at any rate. Dear Quiz—I hear that a well-known tradesman lost the support of a certain large establishment because he allowed a streamer for the Labor Party to be hung in front of his- premises. Even in the hour of triumph the other side can't be magnanimous.—Yours, Tommy Rough. There is nowhere, apparently, that Guy Boothby has not been. In " A Prince of Swindlers" he takes his readers through the slums of Calcutta. The Sydney police are showing small mercy to the cash betting bookmakers. It would be far better to recognise the evil, and limit it as much as possible. When wagers have to be made in secret there will be a much greater menace to the community than now exists. There is some dissatisfaction in the Civil Service because Mr. P. R. Burton was passed over in the appoint ment of a successor to the late Mr. J. Rudall, S.M. The latest reporting work that "Jimmy" Powell did for the Adver tiser was the interviewing of Harry Furniss, ex-artist of London Punch. By-the-bye, Furniss does not appear to have created a sensation in Melbourne with his lectures, although solid busi ness has resulted. Premier Kingston has made the acquaintance o£ Paris, and pronounced it "bong." In all probability when Charlie comes back he will use French as the language of his diplomatic mediations—that is to say, when he wants to swear at an opponent he will do so in Gallic. The gentleman who has gone to England in charge of the Westralian contingent is an architect with a good practice, but as unlikely looking a soldier as could be picked up between Australia and the Isles of Greece. Imprimis, he wears spectacles, and in the second place his seat on a horse is so bad that the London gutter boys when they espy him are sure to derisively invite him to " get inside." Nothing of this sort will happen with the commander of our contingent. Lieutenant-Colonel Howell is a centaur, and when, people have got tired of gazing upon him their eyes will rest lovingly on " Jim " Hay, who can sit a horse for an hour without moving a muscle of an eyelid. The Early Closing Association will greatly miss the services of Mr. W. G. Coombs as Secretary. The Association wants galvanising, and now is the opportunity for a young and energetic man to show his powers of organisa tion. The employers would be glad enough, in moat cases, to close their establishments at an early hour on Saturday if only unanimity could be arranged for. Marie Corelli is getting worse. Her latest novel, " Ziaka," deals with re incarnation, and is largely made up of tommy rot and vicious digs at society and other folks. Marie must have been hard up for a sensation when she wrote " Ziska," and though the book contains some clever word painting, the general effect produced is one of boredom. A little pamphlet has been sent to Quiz by Ward, Lock, & Co., Ltd., setting out the case on behalf of Captain Dreyfus, a Jewish officer of the French army, who haB been trans ported for life on a charge of selling secrets of the army to the Germans. So far as ono can see the evidence on which Captain Dreyfus was con victed by the Court Martial would not have been sufficient to establish guilt if he had been accused of stealing a turnip from a farmer's field. There was as much proof of guilt in the one instance as the other. The reception at Government House on Jubilee Day is to be open to those who have signed the visitors' book since last November. Here is an opportunity that our would-be aristo crats will not miss. During the next few weeks there will be a constant stream of callers at the viceregal resi dence, and the entries of such namea as Brown-Snooks, de Jones-Smyth, Robinson-Green, and Ponsonby-White will be as numerous as the sands |on the seashore. Hurry up, ladies and gentlemen. 