In Lighter Yein. Miscellaneous. The Butler: "Hand hevcry night at the hour of midnight the ghost happcars and groans and wrings its 'ands." Tourist: "Ah! Must haye died in the cucum ber season." "The sweetest songs are left unsung,' So modern poets groan; But by this let no hearts be wrung They're talking of thoir own. He: "Doyou think it is unlucky to get married on Friday?" She: "No, nor any other day." Ho ls still wondering why he was fool enough 'not to have said something elso Instead. Mrs. Tenspot: "Isn't it odd that the encores are always much more enjoyable than the regular numbers on the programme?" Mr. Tenspot: "Yes, it is. I wonder why they don't sing the encores first?" "Before I began to ride a wheel I was all run down-from head to heel." "And now," said the man on foot, with a frown, "The rest of the folks are all run down." "Davie," said Edith, "what makes grandma talk so milch?" . "Can't'you see?" replied the boy. "She's got a double chin!" Husband: "How do you like the view?" Wife (with ecstasy): "Oh, I am speechless." Husband: "Well, if that, be so, I think we had better stay here and build a house." Mrs. W. : "Why don't you drop that stupid j habit you've got of saying 'By Jove'? What do you know about Jove?" Mr. W.: "I will, if you stop saying 'The idea' every time you are spoken to. What do you know about ideas?" Smilcer: "How did you manage to get through the crowd so rapidly? I had to wait for an hour." Smoker: "I was smoking that cigar you gave mc." An Irishman who was out of work went on board a vessel that was in the harbor, and asked I the captain if he could find him work on the i ship. j "Well," said the captain, at the same time ¡ handing the Irishman a piece of rope, "if you i can find three ends to that rope you shall have | some work." " I The Irishman got hold of one end of the rope, i and, showing it to the captain, said: "That's | one end, your honor.' Then he took hold of the other end, and, showing it to the captain as be fore, said: "And that's two ends, your honor." Then, taking hold of both ends of the rope, he threw it overboard, saying: "And, faith, there's an end to the rope, your honor!" He was engaged. Photographer: "Will you take something to drink?" Sitter: "With pleasure." The photo, was taken, and the sitter said, "But what about that little invitation?" Photographer: "Oh, sir, that is just a trade ruse of mine to give a natural and interested ex pression to the face." At an evening party recently, the hostess had bustled out of the room to arrange some detail of supper, or something. During her absence a young man sang a sentimental ballad-to the in tense agony of the company. The hostess re turned just after he had finished. As he had to leave early he approached to make his fare well. "Good night!" said the hostess, with the usual excess of amiability. "Good night! I'm so sorry you can't slug!" The young man crimsoned, and fled. Little Sister-"What's tiho difference 'tween .Iectric'ty an' lightnin'? Little Brother-"You don't pay nutbln' fur lightnin'." Wableigh-"Bicycling will never he popular In South Africa." Crosscut-"Why not?" Wableigh-"Because they have so much trouble with their Rhodes." "Let us send that fellow who stutters so badly !;o Jones's wife, to tell her that Jones is dead," "What do you want to send him for?" "He will naturally be able to break the news; better than any of the rest of us." A diner-out, who has had more than his share of the wine, is carefully feeling his way home at night, when he unfortunately stumbles against tho circular railing which surrounds a statue. After having gone round it about seven times, the hopelessness of the. situation flashes upon him with vividness, and he sinks down upon the pavement outside with a despairing shriek: "The scoundrels! 'They've shut me inhere!" Workman-"Mr. Brown, I should like to ask you for a small rise in my wages. I have just been married." Employer-"Very sorry, ' my dear man, but I can't help you. For accidents which happen to cur workmen outside tho factory the company is not responsible." "Can you break a ono-pound note?" asked Charnley of Smartlcus. "No," said Smartlcus. "A one-pound note Isn't brittle endugh to break, but I can change it for you." . "Oh, indeed!" retorted Chumley; "you are àw . iliy clever. Still, I want the note changed, so ¡ ero it is." ; ' ' ??- ' "All right," said Smartlcus, taking it. "Here is the change." . And he handed.' Chumley another one-pouud _ "No,»,' said Dickson thoughtfully, "the missing link will never bo discovered." "Bosh! Why say that?" said Barlow. "It mav be." "It can't be," said Dickson, for the moment lt is found it will not he the missing link." "I can argue .'with, anybody here," said th»1 contentious man, fiercely. I can argue-" yes, you can argue," said the quiet little n an in the corner; . "the misfortune Is that you c"'» ! reason." Young Bride-"I didn't accept Tom the first time he proposed." Miss Ryval (slightly envious)-"I know you didn't." Young Bride-"How do you know?" Miss Ryval-"You weren't; there." A poor man lay dying, and his good wife was tending him with homely hut affectionate care. "Don't you think you could eat a bit of something, John? Now what can I get for you?" With a wan smile he answered, feebly, "Well, I seem to smell a ham a-cooking somewheres; I think I could do with a little bit of that." "Oh, no, John dear," she answered promptly; "you can't have that. That's for the funeral." "I should say I do remember it," said the .tat man, who was asked If he recalled a certain railway accident. "Williams-you remember him? -was sitting in the seat ahead of me, and was instantly killed, poor fellow. And that isn't all. He was telling one of the funniest stories I ever heard, and though I have tried ever since to find what the end of that story was I have never been able to run across anyone who knew." . "I want a bicycle for my boy." "Yes, sir. Wanta good one?" "Yes. What will a first-class machine cost?" "Well, a really first-class machine will cost you £20 cr £25. It isn't economy, you know, to--" "Good heavens! I can't go as high as that! Haven't you something that-" "Oh, yes; we've got a splendid line here for 10 guineas. None better in the world. It îsn't economy, I was about to say, to pay a high price just for style." 