Jfebte. 'Short, Sharp, Shiny.' Mr. Gilbert predicts a good season. Messrs. Hague and Cock are both ill. Mr. Hague is suffering from ill-health. Proposed to enlarge St. Luke's Church. Farmers jubilant over the continued rains. A suicide at the Parkside Lunatic Asylum. Lacrosee is becoming more popular every week. Sir John Downer argues against a capricious tariff. Medical inspection restored in India for the army. One of the cogs of the Clarendon weir valves broke. The Government gas bill for 1896 was £5,152 8s. 4d. The boat jetty at Scales Bay would cost £1,100. The Protector has been visiting Victor llarbor. A portion of Lake Fowler to be used for salt farming. Mr. Grainger has got the Thyer leases on the brain. An eloquent speech from Mr. Symon on Saturday. A shocking death caassd by using petroleum hair-wash. Death sentonco on a native named Peter commuted. The contract for butter carriage is not for a fixed term. A very 6iuall House to listen to the federa tion debate. Railway revenue for the week ending July 24, £17,701. Free booze and free meals for the Federal guinea pigs. A fine speech to the veterans by Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C. The Assembly will sit late on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Steamers to British Columbia are crowded with diggers. Salvationists want to see Dr. Cockbura in a red guernsey. Four large battleships arc to be added to the British navy. Mr. Duncan made a short and sensible speech on federation. , Much talk about federation in the Assembly on Wednesday. Mr. A. Poynton appointed a member of the School of Mines. More stonewalling against the poor Com monwealth Bill. Mr. Grainger wants an enquiry concerning the Thyer leases. Poonah editors charged with publishing seditious matter. Rioh goldfinds confirmed at Klondike, British Columbia. The Chitraleee natives, have again attacked? UieBrifia'tft&l;*'-''* ??-? Mr. McPbe'r&on; urges that the stock tax. should be repealed. Mr. O'Malley does not love America less, but Australia more. The Noarlunga lacrosse team were enter tained on Saturday. The Treasurer declines to provide free law for district councils. The Thyer leases were originally for 28,000 acies at Jd. per acre. . Mr. George Elder, a brother of Sir Thomas, has died in Scotland. What ia the little game in stonewalling the Commonwealth Bill? Clarendon people trying to make their town look more attractive. Extensive additions have been made to the Zoo during the year. Captain Lockyer reprimanded by the Vic torian Marine Board. A German expedition in Damaraland de feated by the natives. The foundations of the new Art Gallery will be begun immediately. Mr. Charles Buxton will stay in Adelaide till the end of the year. The receipts from stamp duties from July 1 to Julv 24 nrn £9.01 3 Mr. McGillivray wants shorter hours for lunatic asylum warders. Mr. Homburg says the Government don't care 2Jd. for federation. Mr. O'Malley challenges the police to enforce the Sunday closing law. Mr. O'Malley says federation means a canal from Goolwa to the sea. Mr. R. C. Walker, librarian at the Sydney Public Library, is dead. A training college for school teachers is to -be established in Perth. Mr. Grainger gays the Beetaloo pipes in volved a loss of £19,000. Reuben Fensdnie is suspected of having started the Millicent fires. ! Wilson Barrett is guaranteed £10,000 for 100 performances in Australia. Only £163 has been collected for a statue of Australia's great explorer. Several races liavo been won in India lately by Australian-bred horses. The Minister of Education is going to en courage art in the country. The McArthur- ForreEtCompany was allowed to amend its patent in IS'JS. The total rent of the Thyer leases was £207, now reducsd to £179. Mrs. Booth thinks Dr. Cockburn would look admirable in a red guernsey. Mr. Russell inquisitive regarding refresh ments for Federal delegates. . Heavy rains have fallen throughout the colony of New South Wales. Klondike is described as the ' most dcsolao mining camp in the world.' His Jixcellency haa generously given an ; organ to St. James's Church. Stoddart has invited Hirst to join the team being organised for Australia. Sixty -one pounds of stone from a mine in i Gunuagai is valued at £2.000. ] Thirty -five graziers of Newcastle ask for three years' remission of rent Stated that spraying trees with Paris green is dangerous to the operators. The trouble at the Block 14 smelting works has been satisfactorily settled. From first to last the history of codlin moth in this colony is discreditable. Mr. Grainger went to the Audit Commis sioner, but got no satisfaction. Only four starters for the Ascot Gold Cup which was won by Persimmon. Sir John and Lady Forrest left London on their return home on Saturday. The West Australian Bank shipped 6,733 oz. of cold to London on Saturday. His Excellency received the procession of veterans on Saturday afternoon. Several Australians have won prizes in con nection with the Bisley meeting. Mr. Ward thinks the man who heads the poll should be the last to retire. Major Castine wants an experimental farm established at Farafield Cemetery. King O'Maliey challenges the Government to strictly enforce Sunday-closing. Excitement relative to rich gold discoveries in British Columbia is increasing. The old soldiers were bravely decorated by a bevy of young ladies on Saturday. The British mine dispatches last week were 283 tons of first loose concentrates. Parliament has met for the dispatch of busi ness—and the airing of grievances. South Australia paid £6,606 13s. 4d. to Vic toria for phylloxera-killing in 18S3. The Government injunction is, 'Let us sprays' but tho fruitgrowers object. The cost of transferring goods owing to the break of gauge was £2,319 last year. New members of school boards of advice appointed by the Executive Council. A Supply Bill for £400,000 went through all its stages in the Assembly on Tuesday. A remarkable revival is noticeable in the West Australian agricultural industry. Mr. Handyside says the stock tax has been very beneficial to farmers aud graziers. Mr. Holder says he is anxious to expedite the passage of the Commonwealth Bill. Officers of the Forest Department busily engaged in distributing trees and vines. West Australia is going to put the fishing industry of the colony on a sound basia. The sluice valves of the weir at Clarendon have been opened to get rid of the silt. ' Nap' in the committee rooms and naps on the benches of the House of Assembly. iv±r. ijriii ana ivir. (jwen nmym nave assisted in the planning of the new Art Gallery. The New Zealand Minister of Public Works is in favor of a system of light railways. Inordinately long speeches are the order of the day now in the House of Assembly. Tho Millicent farmers were amazed when they saw fires going all over the district. All labor on the pipe contract-is to be South Australian, except foremen and experts. Mr, Holder said 1,400 men are employed on public works outside maintenance works. Mr. Justice Dashwood appointed to preside at the Northern Territory Circuit Court. South Broken Hill wants a purer and cheaper supply of water than at present. The site of the new Art Gallery will be be tween the drill-sheds and tho University. Mr. O'Malley will introduce a Bill to legitimatise children born out of wedlock. The Treasurer would like to see a railway line from Port Augusta to West Australia. Reynolds, the cyclist, has put up records for West Australia for two, five, and 10 miles. Lydia Pounds, an inmate of the Lunatic Asylum, took methylated spirits and died. Rabbits affected by chicken cholera are giving up the ghost rapidly in Queensland. All the returning-officers in Albert who did their duty satisfactorily will be reappointed. New South Wales board of experts making another trial shipment of oranges to London. The gold discoveries on the Yukon, Canada, are stated to be of almost incredible) richness. The Marquis of Salisbury advises Irish land lords to bo moderate in their demands for . rent. Archdeacon King, of the Anglican Church, Sydney, died on Saturday morning at the age of 74. Stormy weather lias prevailed on the New South Wales coast during the last two or three days. The Right Hon. A. J. Mundella, Liberal member for the Bnghtside division of Sheffield, dead. The Treasurer denies that £19,000 was lost to the country over the BeeUloo steel pipe con tract. ? Mr. Julius H. C. Eitzen died at his resi dence, Byron-street, Glenelg, on Saturday night ' '_ Fruitgrowers objecting to regulations com pelling them to Bpray, their trees with Paris green. . ? . ? The Victorian Commissioner 'of Railways Croposes spending £45,000 on Westitaghouea rakes. .. -.L_: '.' Australian troops, have been doing goftd business in London as well as showing their loyalty. It is absurd to think that South Australia could impose her franchise on the whole of the colonies. Hoyward is coming to Australia with Stoddart'a cricketing team, Abel having declined. Canadians object to American syndicate) working their mines and want all but Britisher! excluded. .. . 