?v ??'? . ? CMW^r' -:'V\\-.. :v; ????- ?' '. — . -., ' ' ?? , ?? *? ?????:.{ book it^he;, cRmmiL. (THE AUTHOR %ELLS THE TALE.) GHARftfiR XXXVIL Mr. Towflfeend's 1-boms tfere at Albert Gate; Alias Jardine's iioine was iu Sloane Gardens. ITroua Albert -Gate to Slbjane Gardens is not TCi-y far. It. wag a clear, brisk morning. Mr. ^Townsend decided to walk. -'?. Just as he had crossed the road some one touched his arm from behind, and a voice featd- ' , * ' ? 'Excuse me, .might I speak to you for a mo- t meht?' ^ Mr. Townsend turned. He supposed it was ^ a beggar. The speaker looked like one. The s man— it was a man— had on a. top hat which t was battered and bruised out of all semblance t of its original shape. His overcoat, which E was trimmed with imitation astrachan, was r torn in half a dozen places and covered with a mud, as iE.it had been rolled -in the gutter t with its owner inside it, but it was buttoned tight tip to his chin in a manner which sug- j, gested a not unnatural anxiety to conceal ma- j terial deficiencies in the rest of his attire. His j countenance bore evidence of having been re cently subjected to serious ill- usage. One eye was ornamented by a purple patch, the skin of ^ his right cheek was bruised and broken as by ' a blow from a fist, and his mouth was so * badly cut as to say, the least, to render it highly inconvenient for him to be compelled, _ to open his lips. . , | The sorry spectacle was Stewart Trevan- ^ nion, alias Alexander Taunton, alias Mr. Ar thur Stewart, alias a, dozen other names— the immaculate Mr. Townsend's brother. A strik- . 5ng contrast the two brothers presented as they stood there. , Alexander was rubbing his Hands over each other. He seemed to experience a difficulty in holding himself straight up. He shivered , as if in pain. 'Reginald.' he muttered. f Possibly Alexander was in a sensitive frame . of mind. He seemed to shrink from the look * of mingled amusement and scorn with which his brother regarded him. 'You!' Mr. Townsend's voice rang with ^ laughter. 'Well, my man, what do you want J with me — charity?' Alexander put up his hand, as if to hide his * Injured mouth. 'It isn't only that.' . * 'No? What else is it, then?' ] 'It's a word I want to say to you — a word, of * warning.' ?'Of warning? Against what?' 'Do you know a man named Haines— an American?' 'Haines?' Mr. Tovvnsend reflected. 'Well, what of Mr. Haines?' 'You've been doing something to his daugh- ' ter— you best know what. He's found it out, and he's looking for you. If he gets a chance ine'H kill you. He's almost done for me.' Mr, Townsend made, a significant gesture in the direction of his brother. 'Ie iliis. his handiwork?' 'It's no laughing matter. I tell you he : means murder. If you take my advice you'll . clear. He. left me as good as dead last night. . He wouldn't have cared if ? he had left me quite. I don't believe I've a whole bone in my body. It's as much as I can do to stand.' Alexander put his hand to hie back and groan ed. His tone became a whine. 'You couldn't oblige me with the loan of a shilling or two?' 'With pleasure. I'll oblige you with the loan of a whole sovereign. If you take my advice, you'll spend part of it on plaster. I'll think Gf what you've said. Good day.' As he walked away Mr. Townsend swung his cane. He seemed amused. Alexander, clutching the sovereign tightly in his hand, etared after him. He did not seem to be at all amused. 'You may laugh now, but you won't laugh then. You've been up to some devil's trick, and this time you've caught the devil. If he does find you, one of you'll be missing.' As be pursued his way down Sloane-street, Mr. Townsend did not not appear himself to regard his situation in such a serious light. The idea that there could be anything serious about it appeared to afford him nothing but amusement. 'Haines? Haines? I fancy that that's the name of Mrs. Carruth's Yankee friend: The dissenting parson sort of looking individual, j I take it that Alexander, as usual, has the wrong end of the stick— from the look of him he appears to have felt both ends of it, and the middle, too. If Mr. Haines has done me the honor to object to my behavior, I imagine that it is because he supposes that I have poached on his preserve. I assure him he I seed be under no apprehension. If he only I knew!' . I Mr. Townsend laughed — then checked him I eelf. He struck the ferule of his stick against I the pavement. I 'Now, what am I tc say to Dora? It's I awkward— very!' I It was awkward. Especially as he had not I made up his mind what to say to Dora, even I when he found himself at Sir Haselton Jar I dlne's. I He was shown at once into Miss Jaxdine's I own sitting-room, and there he found the lady. I Miss Jardine was short and slight Although I ehe was not handsome, she certainly was not I bad-looking. Her appearance, her bearing, I her movements, suggested buoyancy, .activity, I health. Her eyes were her most character!®. I tic possession. They affected different people I in different ways. They were blue eyes. I Their chief peculiarity was that they were I light— seme people said unnaturally light. I . But, as also they were beautiful eyes, that I Baying may be set down to malice. Somehow I one felt as one looked at Miss Jardine that I she would never cry. I She held out her hand to Mr. Townsend. I 'Reggie!' I Mr. Townsend made no attempt to touch the I outstretched hand. He merely bowed. I 'Miss Jardine I' I Miss Jardine. was not at all disconcerted. I She laughed. ; ' , I 'So it's that way!' She assumed an air of I . mock dignity, which became her very- well. I 'Mr. Townsend, may I offer you a chair?' I 'With your permission, I will stand.' I Mr. Townsend spoke with an air of decorous I propriety which approached the severe- The I lady did not fall into his mood at alL She I looked up at him with her sunny eyes. I 'Stapd! Why stand?' I Mr. Townsend returned the young lady's I smiling glance, without evincing any inclina I tion to smile in return. I 'You have sent forme. I liave come.' I Going to the fireplace. Miss Jardine stood I -with one foot upon the hob.. - Her hands were I behind her back. Her face was Inclined a I little upwards. She reminded one some I how of a bird— a resemblance which owed ? something, perhaps, to the brightness of her I 'I have one ot two questions which I wish ? to ask you You must answei them. PLrtt, ? do you love me?' ,. ? 'You must forgive my suggesting that that I is scarcely the firat question Woitii-you should ? ask me. The man -in 4ie street -may love ? you. It does no* follow that he Is worthy.' ' I 'But If I love him'' I Mr. Townsend made alight movement ? -with Ins hanSs. /He-wajs^tauflmg in. what, tp^ I -the average Englishman, -Js a rather trying* ? position— in the centred theToom, away from H any article of fnmitnre, with bis arms hang I tag loosely at bis «ides; -and yet Jie looked ? well. ? 'He may love you. 'Tou may love him. ? Ana yet any connection with him may bring I you, at the best, unhappmess ' H 'xou have-not answered my question, 3-o ? you love me?' ? *'You know Jthat I do.' ?v'As yoUfSay,/! 3cnow; that you do. „ Yoji - Itnow also 'fli^t I;l6.?e you, 1 Myisecpnd ques- ; tion— -Are you maiTied?' ~ 'V, ''?..:?'! am not.' '?.. v_.;-v : . ? . . ? ? . ? . ' ^^f. 'Then why should you not marry me^ Stay! Let ipe -es:plam iny position.' : '--,\ His eyes became, if anything, brighter.' Something catiie bvarher which made one- for- r get how physically fcjaiail She was. One re alised rthat the girl, like the maa-«he was ad-: dressing, had a magnetic personality r of he* own. ? . ?- ? ?'?.-'? .' -;': ? '?'?'???'r' ?' ? '? . 'I am, in' a measure, Reggie^l ata-gohig to call you Reggie— what' it is the fashion to call a pessimist. It is my father's doweK '-4- am afraid that, in a. sense, from the men of my acquaintance, I always expect the worst. 1 believe most of them do, in their youth, many things which they ought not to do— and for his for granted. And I believe that, in spite f this being so, some of them make good msbands and good fathers. I think it pos ible that your temptations have- been greater ban Is the case with the average man, and hat, therefore, your misdoings have been aore. But I am convinced thatj as regards eal strength, you are stronger than the aver ge man, and that you can, if you. like, put hese things behind you for ever — and, on the tepping-stones o£ your dead self, rise to ligher things. And I believe that you will ike, because you love me — and because, also, : love you.' 'Unfortunately. Miss Jardine- — ' She made an imperious gesture with her iand. 'Call me Dora. With you, now,- it shall not ie Miss Jardine.' 'Unfortunately'— there was an almost im vereeptible pause, and then there came very oftly the Christian name— 'Dora, there are hings which, when they are once done, we :annot put away. They meet us at Philippi.' 'If in your life there are such ghosts, why lid you ask me to marry you?' .'I ought not to have done. When I did 1 loped that I should be able to lay the ghosts, md that for me there would be no Philippi.' 'But is there no hope now?' He seemed to lesitate. She went on with, in her .voice, a ;udden tremor. 'Consider! Think well be? ore you speak! Reggie, I wonder if you mow how much the spoiling of your life will nean the spoiling of mine?' . Hei' voice, or her manner, or her words — or ill these combined— affected Mi-. Townsend strangely. There seemed to be something in jer glance which he found himself unable to encounter. He turned away. ' Going to him, she touched him sofily op the arm. A shud ler went all over him. The muscles of his ;ace seemed to stiffen; his expression became i little set. His voice also became, as it ^ere, a little rigid. 'There may be hope/' 'There may be, Reggie!' She paused— as if ijreathless. *'Of laying the ghosts— for ever?' 'For ever:' ; She was still again: Her articulation seem jd to be. actually impeded. ''When will you know— for sure?' 'Tliis afternoon at five.' 'Reggie!' His words appeared to take her by surprise. 'Do you mean itsrTeally?' 'I do.' He turned and looked at her. Their glances met. She shrank away from him. - The hot blood flowed into her cheeks. Her emotion was so great, it made her beautif uL His name came from her lips, with a catching ot her breath, and in a whisper. She was vis ibly trembling. 'Reggie!' . nTTAPTRTC X3TXVTII. ._ It was plain that Mrs. Carruth was im patient. Nor was the thing made less evident by her attempts to conceal it from herself. She lounged on a couch. A pile of books and magazines was at her side. She pre tended to read — or, rather, it would be more correct to write that she tried. not to pretend to read. But it wouia Jiot do. It was no thing but pretence. And she knew that it was nothing but pretence. She took up a book. She turned a page or two. She put. it down again. She exchanged it for a maga zine — a magazine with pictures. She tried to look at the pictures.. The pictures palled. Shj essayed a magazine without pictures. That was as great a failure as the other. In her present, mood the ministrations of print and pictures alike were Ineffectual. No wonder she had become impatient. She had been on tenterhooks all day— ?waiting! waiting! All the morning she had expected to receive some sort of communication — some acknowledgment of the expressive line or two which she had sent. But when lunch came, and there siill was nothing, she was quite sure that, during the afternoon, the gentleman ! would come himself. 'She was ready for him by two. She did not think it likely that he would come quite so early. Still, it would be well that site should not be taken unawares. So she made herself even unwontedly charming. She put on aj brand new dress, which suited her to perfec- ] tion. It really did make her look uncommonly j nice! It fitted her so well that it displayed j her long, lithe, and yet by no means unbe comingly bony figure, to the best advantage. She took astonishing pains with her, hair. She even went in for unusual splendor in the! way of shoes and stockings. And the effect produced by the few touches which she be- j stowed upon her countenance was wonderful. ! In spite of all she was ready by two. And j still— he cometh not, she said. The silvery ?} chimes of the exquisite little clock which stood j on the top of the oyermantel announced that J it was three-quarters after thre^e. She looked j at her own watch to see if it really was so j late. The thing was true enough. Her j watch was in complete agreement with the I clock— it was a quarter to four. ; She put down the last of the magazines with, in her manner, an appearance of. final- J ity. She rose from the couch. She went to j the window. She stood there with her fingeiv tips drumming idly and noiselessly against the nane. The onlv creature in sisrht was a' milkman, who, by way of killing two birde; with one stone, was serving a customer 'across the roadr and flirting with the maid. Mrs. Carruth watched the'; flirtation proceed to its conclusion, and, when the milkman, springing into his cart, had disappeared with the in-] evitable cla,tter, Mrs. Carruth, turning away from the window, came back into the room. .She stood at ^a little centre table. She laughed to herself. . = 'If, after all, he shouldn't come-^what fun it would be!' ' She was very far from being an ill-looking woman, as she stood there, with smiles puck ering her lips and peeping from her eyes. 'If he should 'suppose that I am not in earnest! His experience may teach .him that many women never are in earnest - If he should imagine that I am one of the many!' Raising her right hand, she began daintily pinching her lower lip between her fingei-and her thumb. _ . ': . 'It would be a pity for both of us.'' She made a. little ..impatient movement- witJiAer head. 'And jet, I eatft beheve that a, man with his experience could suppose that I am one of the many. If he did, it would be his fault— not mine.' The little clock: struck four. 'An hour more, my -friend— an -hpur-ffleFeV, And then — well, I do hope you'll come i-ef ok the hour's out, for yonr sake,-as welJTas mine. I wonder if, in this -iltfle TOatter, -JPsp^BBSn counting my chickens 'before they're JiateheS. I, of all^women, should have tnown better. And, wifh such a iand faced on the board one might be excused for supposing that It -would take the pool. A. straight flush can net be beaten.' She laughed again, this time hot quite 60 lightly. 'It leminds me of .some of the games which I have seen -played. ^You can7* «how a hand to beat n straight, 'but you can fight to save the poriL I wonder if he ^neans fighting. If he does, it'll toe Against all the odds. He has neither gnn nor bow. When 'I start Bhootine. he's bound to drop. Sure.41 i * ' *? ' 'V.-.Tlie'.^Qniin^ri^j^^^^^Gdtjin'^iliQr' face, tne laughter -%6il|(ffl®||e^es;^to':lfeipres6ion * of qnxlety! f|ine'3nrp ffi^ :MltladVii lopk which suggestefl hunger, r^#onipaing which made heiv all at oncer seeni actually old. 7 ''PerhatjeUe ^kes^^^dpactory^ these lines, maiy.-ioean more than it fieifeat. And lie counts on that It would,* too. r . It would ' mean farewjell— a long fatewei!; an actual ? farewell-^to another bf my dreams. And the brightest of them 9lL ' But I don't eare. It would mean death to nim., -iDeath! And Irtiob. a. death! And* after all, It would only mean a stumble to me. From the practice I have liad, I nave become eo iised to jstumbles that surely one other wouldn't count' Bhk began nipving about the room restlessly, touenihg here ^a table, there a chair, to the window and back again, as if a spirit possess ed lifer .which made her not know what it was she wanted to be at ? She approached a' bpr ner of the room, as if she were about to take refuge in. it, like some naughty child. As she went, clenching her fists, as if ehe were press ing her finger-nails into her palms, qiie gave a. little, cry. - ' 'Oh, I'd give — I'd give, what. 'wouldn't' I give?— if he'd come into the room now— with- out keeping me waiting any longer, now! — and speak to me as I would have him speak! Why doesn't he come? , He has everything to gain, he has nothing to lose.' She swept right round, with a swish of her skirts, in a sort of frenzy, echoing her own question as she swung out her arms in front of her. 'Why doesn't he come?' ; . - Even as the words were on her lips, at the hall door there came a knocking. She went red and white,, despite the aids of beauty! She caught at & chair, .as If desirous of hay ing something $o lean against . - 'Thank God!' Then, as if conscious of the. incongruity of such words upon her lips, she put her hands up to her face. ' . 'Oh, Fm so glad he's come!' Some one outside had hold of the handle of the 'door. She uncovered her face. She touched her hair. She touched the bosom of her dress. She dropped into the chair by which she was standing. ; In an instant she was the picture of composure. The door opened to admit Mr. Haines. His appearance was a shock to Mrs. Car ruth. She looked negligently round, as if in different who the new-etfnier might be, and1 then— she stared. 'You!' There was something in the lady*s intonation; which was very far from being complimen tary. She stood up, quivering with disap pointment and with rage. ' . : 'I thought I gave instructions ? that this afternoon I was not at home/to visitors.' Mr. Haines did not seem to be at all noii plussecl. ' 'That's what the young lady who opened the door told rne. I said I would vpait until you were. I will.'L_ Mr. Haines sat down— with every appear ance of having come to stay. Mrs. Carruth looked at the clock, then at her watch, then at the gentleman upon the chair. The gen-; tleman in question, with his head thrown back, was staring at the ceiling, as if quite . unconscious of her neighborhood. It seemed to be as much as the lady could do to retain, her self-control. 'I am sure, Mr. Haines, that you cannot wish to be rude. I have an appointment this afternoon which I regret will prevent my hav ing the pleasure of receiving you.' 'I'm going to have my say. I'll say it af terwards, or I'll say it now. It's all the same to me.' 'What do you mean by you're going to have your say?' ? . . - ? ' ? 'If you're ready, I'll let it out. But don't mind me.. -Don't let me spoil your appoint ment. Keep anything you've got to keep.' Mrs. Carruth seemed to be at a loss to know what to do. Her looks were eloquent wit could. But, apparently, she did not see her way to do 'it. She temporised. ' : 'If there is anything of importance, Mr. Haines, which you wished to say to me, per haps you will be so good as to say it as briefly as you can, now. Possibly, it will not detain you at the utmost more than a quarter of an hour.' :'?'.. (To be continued.) 