MYSTICS AMD MIRACLES. There are, it is said, only 146 religions in all the United States. Considering that within these limits there dwell 70 millions of people of a speculative, energetic, and in ventive race this number of faiths, in the opinion of many Americans, is not enough to go round (writes the New York correspondent of the London Daily Tclcjraph). There has been created a brand new church, and almost a novel faith, within the last few years—the Sniontisf: " Thefounderof the new church is a lady—the Rev. Mary Baker Eddy. This remarkable woman has somehow forced into existence a creed which is sup posed to be scientific, and placed herself at the head of a sect supposed to be Christian, the first supposition being ridiculously untrue, and the second open to grave doubt. Obeying her dictates is a following that numbers over a quarter of a million, and these persons, I should imagine, far above the average" educa tion. In all the social peculiarities of America I ha ve encountered nothing more inexplicable. Mrs. Eddy has made the profound discovery that God being good all His .work must be good. Hence those things that seem evil are not real. The soul is real; the body and its troubles phenomenal. Sin and disease are not realities; get right views and faith and these disappear. Ergo, doctors are frauds; sickness and bodily ailments must be cured by getting the soul right, mot by pills and potions. The work of the physician is the work of the parson. A true believer of the new gospel died of cancer the other day. Yet I should not be surprised to learn that at this moment the "Church of Christ Scientist" is making more progress than any other in this country. A far more amusing class are the faith healers, who are going up aud down the country curing all manner of diseases by laying on of hands. They are so naive. One of this genus, named Schrader, has been operating m New Jersey and about the little town of Bayonne. Such was his renown that no fewer than 15,000 patients visited him in the course of. a single week. Having taken the visitor's pocket handkerchief, and twisted it between his fingers, his universal prescription was, "Apply this handkerchief to the aifected part every day, and you will be cured." 'The ingenuous Schrader did not take money, but had a man Eriday not above receiving the filthy lucre, and between them they did re markably well. _ Yet Schrader must, I imagine, go blue with envy when he thinks of the much greater success of the nigger Alex ander Bcdward, who has been healing people by the thousand on the Hope River, in the West Indies. This holy Darkie was once the inmate of a lunatic asylum, and subsequently of a gaol. With such training he; blossomed forth as a Christian Mahdi, the "Prophet of the Most High," having power by his prayers to make ; 'the Hope a healing stream, and thousands, of negroes have ■ battled with each' other to get first into the _ Jamaica Bethesda. The wily Bedward says the virtue remains in the water only while he stays bv, so that he collects fresh fees each time he comes, and is thus gathering in the , dollars copiously. It would seem to be no special drawback . to -a transatlantic prophet that he lias "done time'.' previously. At Woodcliff, not far from here, is a sect of fanatics, whose founder, Huntsman Mnason,' ■ alias Mason, admits that ho formerly belonged to a certain class of criminals in this city, but he now leads the "Angel Dancers" of New ' . Jersey, and- is continually exercised with his people in driving put the devil from their sur roundings. This last is an irksome process, .for when the evil one gets into food it has to .be destroyed, aild when he forces his way.into a room there is no process to get him out except, to stretch a white sheet across the apartment, and the faithful, holding the corners, advance to ,, the.door. Thus the-''pnir de'il'' is relentlessly driven out of doors in this cold weather, too, ■ with the mercury close to zero. The Garden State MephistODheles cannot stand a white sheet. It reminds him, possibly, of penitence. What is to be said about, the reality and | permanence of these alleged spiritual cures of . physical ills ? It would be foolish to deny that there have been some striking cures effected, a few of them duncult possibly to explain. They \ \- al ways occur in seasons of great excitement. One such is vouched for by the-Rev, Dr. Robert Coilyer, doyen of the'; Unitarian Church in New York. It' is the case of; a, ' woman who for- five or six years had been helpless through . rheumatic inflammation. This woman "got herself carried" to the meeting of one of the healers in Chicago. "She listened to the man's teach-.; ings the first day, but it did not seem to help her. , The second day the tides of emotion and . excitement rose to. the full. - -She..started up suddenly in the meeting and shouted, 'Bless the Lord ! Mv.trouble is gone.' She walked home. When I was in Chicago last May (con tinues.the doctor) she came .over to see meat ,' my daughter's bouse. She could .walk as well . as I.. She is walking now. She is well," ex cept that now and then the rheumatic pain , will seize her. Then she begins, to pray. She has iaitb, and the pain goes away again." Cyrus Teed, "the.Chicago Christ,"isgetting ,,.up a.JNew), Jerusalem , on- • Estero Island,' Florida. His sect are the. "Koreshans," and his wife left her former husband to become his.consort and queen of ttie colony, under the title of '■ Victoria Gratia Koresh"—an obvious plagiarism from a British coin. The Koreshau settlement has some-mills, and it. supports two newspapers, the Flaming Sword and the Pruning Shears. Over all Teed is the absolute boss ; he does ' not allow any ' marriage in • the' ordinary sense of the word in his domain, . and: all the chil dren bom in the . community are taught j to believe that he is the universal father. He professes unlimited ability; to. perform miracles,- but is economising his power just .-. now.; In this State of New York Mrs. James B.. Clark, of Chazey, is cutting out the doc tors all through Clinton county by the spiri . tual exorcism'of disease. Georgia has been favored by Anderson* Rodgers, - a colored prophet, whose deluded disciples, relying on ; Lis prediction.of the Day of Judgmeut, have many of them been left without visible means of subsistence, and a few placed in durance. LidaNelson'honored Indiana with herprophe ' . cies, and in Maine r the Rev. E. W.Sandford proclaims his marvellous cures, and carries on • a "Holy Ghost and its Bible School." . Bill ■ ■ James has, kindly devoted himself to the Indians of the Puyallup tribe. 1 Finally, there is Bradley Newell, the erstwhile blacksmith of Vermont, who has grown rich on other . - people's faith, ana who went'over to England) . most likely to enjoy himself, but ostensibly to convert the Prince of Wales to his views. They . report that his mission was a failure, v.c As to the motives and quality of these people they are mostly arrant knaves, and I marvel greatly that they succeed so well in this land, where education is general and the people are so cute in all woridly things. A case quite in point occurred four days ago at Shelby vilk-, Indiana. In that Arcadian region, some six weeks -' back, there suddenly appeared , a stranger, who rented a house and ■ hung, . up a flaring sign ■inscribed "God's Gospel Healing Home Through ,Christ." He gave himself out . as "Elder Henry J. Deviers." Patients flocked v to him; "his power yvas the talk of the city; ' his house was crowded day and night, and his revenue was considerable." But the elder; lacked prudence; a charlatan should never foil out with his accomplices. The pious -Deviers had employed one William Breedlove to pose as an example of his cures, but incon tinently he refused-to pay. the confederate for the service. Indeed, when Breedlove insisted ; on his full retaining fee the elder dissembled his love by knocking him down and otherwise -laying- hands upon him; the issue of which ... transaction was that on Christmas Eve he A began the first 30 days at the stoneyard, to which righteous doom he was sentenced by Judge Kenton. 