A WONDERFUL WOMAN; on, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY BY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XXI.-SIR ARTHUI: TPEGEN 1', Sor one moment he thought the dead lad risen; for one mlilnent he stood. t speechless and spellbounid; for onde C brief, horrible momeit he thought lie sam Katherine Dangerfleld looking at him across her own grave ! She made no attpmpt to speak, but stood with.her ' icy• gaze fixed 'upon him-her face changeless, marble in its expression. He ,was first to break the silence. "Miss Herncastle!" he gasped. "You!" Her eyes left him, and he moved. • ?tWhile they were riveted upon 11in he hoadstood as one under a spell. "I. Sir Peter!"' The low, soft, sweet tones lingered like music on the ear. 'And I fear I have startled you again; I but I never dreamed of seeing youet here.": L "Nor I, you. 'What brings you, a stranger,. to this place of all places, Miss Herncastle, so soon after your arrival?"' o He asked the question angrily and sus plclously. Surely there was something ominous and sinister in this womann who I looked enough like the dead girl to have been, her twin sister, and who visited y her grave so speedily after her arrival. c Miss Herncastle drew her mantle about her. tall, slim figure, and turned to go. C "I came out for a walk, Sir Peter.- I I have been in the sclhoolroom all day, and t I am not used to such close confinement. I I asked my lady's permission to take a" Salk, and she gave it. I am a rapid 0 walker, and I soon found myself here, 0 the town behind. It looked so peaceful, so calm. so Inviting, that I entered. This I lonely grave attracted me, and I was tI reading the inscription as you came up. I1 If I had known it could have mattered I, in any way-that I wouil have disturbed n anyone by coming-I should not have I come!" II She bent her head respectfully, and moved away. Dressed all In black. t moving with a peculiarly swift, noise less, gliding step, she looked not unlike a phanthom -herself fitting among the e graves. And in what an emotionless, 5 level monotone site had spoken, as a s child repeats a lesson learned by rote! He stood and looked after her, darkly, V distrustfully. It seemed plauslhle enough; but that hidden Instinct that c comes to us to warn us of danger told him something was wrong.. "Who is she?" lie repeated-"who is I she? Enough like Katherine to be her twin sister! Who is she?" He stopped I suddenly. " Enough like Katherine to be her twin sister? Who was there to i say Katherine never had a sister? He t knew nothing of her or her family, I save what Mrs Vavasor chose to tell. 1 Katherine might have had a dozein sis ters for what he oi' she ever knew." A I gleam came Into his eyes; he set his teeth with some of his old bull-dog re- 1 Solution. "Katherine is dead and buried I \--nothing can alter that, and this young woman, and this Herncastle, is more t l1ke her than it is possible for any hut I sisters to be. I'll find. out who Miss Herncastle is, and all about her, and -what's she here for, before I'm a month older!" "Queente," Lady Dangerfield said, "I find we shall not be moped to death a dowri here, after all; we shall have two - gentlemen more than we counted on- a Sir Andrew Tregenna and Major Frank- h land-for our lawn party this after-' h n?on. I wonder what sort of a croquet a player Sir Arthur is, by-the-bye." "Ginevra, I wish you hadn't asked b Major Frankland down here. I detest g that man! Sir Peter is jealous. The a odious familiar way he addresses you, too, and his horrid, coarse, common- P place compliments! Bah! Why doesn't o he try to be original. nt least?" "Queenle, I wonder why you dislike d him so much?" "I dislike all mere clubroonti loingers, a a lt'eli-dresseeri-tOiors' block;,- without one idea in their heads, or one honest, manly feeling in their hearts. Major' Frankland knows Sir Peter hates him. If he were a right-feeling man, would be come at all, knowing it?" "Certainly he would, when I in vith him. If Sir Peter doesn't like r the friends I ask, then I would re commend Sir Peter to keep out of itheIr sight By the way, what was ithat long discourse you and he had last even ing about? Natural philosophy?" "No; ghosts," answered Lady CeclL "He believes in ghosts. He Isn't positive .yet that Miss Herncastle is not the dis- r embodied spirit of that poor girl that c dled-here; and he says there is a place three miles off-Dracken Hollow, I be leve-haunted to a certainty." "My opinion is," said Sir Peter's wife, "'that Sir Peter is in a very bad way, and that we shall be talking out a decree of lunacy against him one of these days. Sir Peter may not absolutely bp mad, but in the elegantly allegorical language of the "day, his head's not right." "What is that about Sir Peter?" in quired the earl, sauntering up. "Mad, is he, Ginevra? 'Pon my life I always thought so,since lie committed his crown- - ing folly of marrying you. Pray, what has he done lately?" S"Nothing more than the Right Honor able the Earl of Ruysland Ihas done be fore him-talked of seeing ghosts. e I takes Miss Herncastle. thegoverness, for a ghost; so did you. Now, uncle Raoul, whose ghost did you take her for?" "Oh; yes, I remember," said the earl, placidly; "but she did not disturb me very. greatly. She has a vague sort of resem blance to a lady dead and gone. Oh! by the way, I am going into Castleford. Is there anything I can do for either of \- you ladies?" "If you are going into Castleford, my lord," said Ginevra, "I have two or three commissions I wlsh you would execute. Queenfe, where are you going? It will not detain me an instant" i "I am going to the nurser'y.- Lessons are over by this time, and Pearl says no one can make dolls' dresses with the sltll I can." - She left the room. Lady Dangerileld looked after her, then at her uncle, w-ith -a malicious smile. 'If you really want Cecll to marry Sir Arthur Tregenna, all your finesse, all your diplomacy will be required. - I fore see thirty thousand a year trembling in 'the balance. She is inclined to rebel- talks about being sold and the rest'oi It." 'She shall marry Sir Arthur," the earl responded, serenely; "lt. is- wrltten-Itils 'destlny. And now write out your list qulckly,-my dear. I shall be late is-it Lady Cecll reached 'thb sshdolrooam lessons were -ere long-ended, - id - Mid Herncastle put by herlbooks; ,w;alked Cross the room, and stood looking wear ily ut of tqhe window at the mellow agtec 51n00 radlance. -- " -: Thtwmins pleaded piteously for-1t Sgame of "tag," and aunt Cecil consentd.• '?r?Pe dolls were flung down in an Igno aninlous heap, and Lady: Cecil-follo0ved out of doors in chase of the children with a zest that for themoment equalledtheir own? And thius- it was, flushed, breath less, dishevelled, laughing, romping like a girl of twelve, Sir Arthur Tregenna Ssaw her first . All aglow, all breathless; she came full tipon Sir Arthur. He was laughing from sympathy with that merry peal. If shelhad striven for a thousand yearis -o-bewitch him she coul never have:succeeded half so-well as.l this moment, when sie: tas not.thinl'lI bif him at all. Shdistopped short-stil laughing, blushing, and aghast. - "Lady Cecil Clive, Ibelieve?" SHe took off his hat,thnd stood bare h`eaded before her-tall, noble, gravely ismiling, ats Lady Cecil gave him her iiand. - \- "Sir Arthur Tregenna, I am sure: Did you not meet-Pansy, be euiet--did you not meet papa? He left here to go to the Station." ':"I did not meet him. Probably I pass '.him, for I left the station immedi ately." '."Then permit me to welconie you in his .tead. Ah, here is papa now and Major ,rankl?nd." "My dear boy--my dear Arthur!" The earl sprang out of the carriage, and shook the young baronet's hand with ef fulin. "Such a con'tretemps-Just a mo Imnit too late. I saw you drive off, and I retirned with Franklannd. Major Frank lanrd,of the -th Lancers-Sir Arthur Tre-. Selna!" :'"Aw, my dear Lady Cecil. charmed to see'vou again, and looking so well," said the major; "but then we all know, to our Oest, La Refne Blanche invariably looks hera,best on every occasion. And here comns dour charming hostess. Aw, Lady Dangerfield, so happy to meedt you once more,. London has been a perfect desert withouit you." And then the mistress of Scarswood was greeting and welcoming her guests, and the first detachment of the -lawn party began to arrive, and in the bustle Lady Cecil made her escape, "The sultan has come, and his slave must Wuit until'it pleases him to throw the handkerchief," she mtrmured,'bitter ly.- "He comes here to inspect me as he might a horse or a house he wanted to buy; and if I suit himnt I am to be bought. If I do not- Oh, papa! papa! how could you subject me to so shameful an ordeal?" .A short whiile after this, .thtre was a l;nck at Lady Cecil's door, and Lady Dangerfleld appeared. ary lady was all summery muslin, Valenieennes lace, and yellon';roses, her black eyes alight, her cheeks glowing with pleasure and liquid rouge. "Come, Queenle, you are to be on the opposite side; first red,' and all that. Every one has come, and Sir Arthur and the major are on the croquet. ground. Rac!ly, Cecil, Sir Arthur isn't-bad-looking. -that is to say, if he were not beside Majojr Frankland. Comparisons are odious, and beside him-" "Of course, beside him, the Angel Ga brell; if he were to descend, would appear to disadvantage. Ginevra, Sir Arthur looks as if he had common-sense, at least-more than I can say for your pet military poodle. Poor little Bijou! If he only knew what a dangerous rival has come.to oust hini!" I The tw'o ladies descended together to the croquet ground-an admirable foil blonde and brunette . The major and Lady Dangerfield play ed a vigorous game, sending their adver sarles' balls to the farthest limits of space, and never missing a hoop. Lady Cecil Clive played abominably; her side was beaten Ingloriously in every game. All the time Sii' Arthur's eyes were up on the fair Cecil, and Sir Arthur was speculating as to whether or no she was fitted to be his wife. What a fair, sweet, proud face it was, how much soul in the softly lustrous eyes, how much gentle ness, goodness, about the perfect lips. Could any one who looked like that-who loved little children and played with them, a very child herself, be the cold blooded coquette,the vain flirt who tram pled on hearts wholesale, for her selfish gratification? No, no, a hundred times no! Such a face must mirror a pure and spotless.soul, eyes like these took their kindness and their sweetness from a gentle and womanly heart. "IHIC loveliness makes men her cap tives. How can she be blamed for that?" he thought. Sir Arthur was predisposed to be pleased. He wanted to fulfil a father's dying wslh and marry his old friend's daughter. The ,days went rapidly by at Scars' wood, and a week had passed since the afternoon of Sir Arthur Tregenna's and Major Frankland's arrival, and a very animated week it had been. Lady Dan gerfleld never grew weary in welledoing; her fertile brain originated pleasure party after pleasure party with an assiduity I worthy a better cause. There had been boating parties, croquet, and drives and gallops to every Interesting spot for miles around.-'.There had been Fortnum and Mason's hampers. chickens and cham pagne, pates de fole gras, and claret cup, 2 on land and sea. And now a genuine old fashioned pic-nic to the seashore was un der way:?. s A week had passed since Sir Arthur's arrival-seyen long summer days and pghts. tqgr the same roof with Lady Ceci,-il'e gratest firti of ibe' seasion. What did' he think of her by this time? No oneocould have told, not the young lady, certainly, to whom his manner was Calm, friendly, and genial, but as far remoyed from her experience of love making as it was possible to imagine. So far as Lady Cecil could see, all her beauty;.Pnd brightness, and fascinations w'ere'so'many arrows that glanced off his polished `chain-mail armor. She was singularly free from vanity; in a calm way she was conscious of her own great beauty, as she was of her proud old name, but the smallness of personal con ceit she had never felt. Sir Arthur could tell her of Australia, and its wonderful hidden wealth: of bright, busy, transatlantic cities-of Cali fornia, where he had lived for months among camps and mines and the reckless men, the sweepings of the world, who fly there for safety, or for gold. lie told her of Algiers, where he had wintered last year, and of howr narrowly his life had been saved. Lost onthe desert, a flock of wild Bedouins, inflamed with rapine and liquor, had swept down upon'him with shrill cries. He fought against terrible odds as long as he could, then just as a lance head had pierced him, a horseman had ridden down lilkethe wind, and, with a ringing Eng lish cheer, had laid about him right and left lihe a lion. Wherever that flashing blade fell, an Arab bit the dust. Then, faint and sick from loss of blood, hlie reel ed from the saddle, and opened his eyes in Ns own quarters in Algiers. -"And the gallant Englishman who ga'ed you?" Lady Cecil breathlessly asked, S"Ie was a captain of C1asseurs--his name, O'Donnell. Oddly enough In his qularters one day I came across a book, a very handsome copy of 'Mlarmlon,' with jitur name on the fly-leafL You had lent it'to him, it appeared, and It had never beien returned." "Captain O'Donnell seems fated to save ipeople's lives," said Lady Cecil, laughing "He saved mine from drown ing. Did he tell you of it' No? That is like his reticence. Are you awure he'os In England? "'No; t am not surprised to hear it, though. He mentioned, casually, that he might shortly be in England." \- Lady Cecil said nothing, but that. night, at parting, she gave Sir Arthur-her hand with a kindly cordiality she had never showri before. , ~hen the morning of the pie- nite canie. Sir Arthur, Lady Cecil, the earl, and a vyoung lady In apple green muslin, went- ·together in the baroucble. Lady Dangerfield dr?ve Major Frankland in her pony phaefon. The rest of thi! young ladies followed in p..second barouche, with two cava liers on horseback, the only married lady of the isqrty being tqe baronet's wife. Iti was:an intensely hot dayathe sun pofuring dowi its fiery heat from a iaky as deeply blue as that of Italy,-jde heat quilverlri ln".'i'hltte mistc o??er the sea. Not.a.breath of air stirred; the sea lay asleep, one vast, polished lake under that globe of molten gold. 