'««paao08oaeoaoeoe oooeaeeooeeeocsaoocaoa e " ' ' 0 PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. The Story of a Lost Memory, By HERBERT RUSSELL [SON OF w. CLARK RUSSELL), Author of."Shot in the Back," "Haunted Boom in the Foresters1 Arms," •. ' "Alyetery of Dumpton Gap," "An Attempt at Blackmail/' " Conflict in a Railway Tunnel," &c.; COrYBIGHT. CHAPTER XY. The Question Settled. IT has so far been the somewhat unfortunate province of the author, whilst pursuing this narative, to he obliged to introduce the reader to scenes which for the most part are not of a particularly cheerful character. The only apology that can, be offered for this must lie in the fact that it was a condition wholly unavoidable in relating the singular and romantic experience which forms so memorable a passage in the life of the hero of this story. At the same time, however, it may he a source of satisfac tion to those who like when they have fojlowed the. fortunes of various characters through the pages of a hook, to close the'volume with a knowledge that the actors all come out right, and are comfortably disposed of in the end, -to leam that the sequel to the little drama upon which the curtain will now shortly he descending was of a happier nature than the earlier events seemed to promise. Clara Lambert did not die from the effects of her accident, although the one puzzle of .Dr. Scott's professional life has been to understand how she managed to elude the grim spectre when he would have staked his whole medical rcputa ■ tion that no human skill could have saved licr. Prom the moment of closing her eyes after pronouncing the word '.mother,' as described at the conclusion of the last chapter, she lay for many . hours in a comatose state, with no other . indication that she yet breathed than was to he got by the delicate blurring ■ of a mirror held close to her nostrils. . Then, after a long night of suspense ■ and heart-subduing anxiety to those who had watched by her bedside, she " suddenly manifested symptoms of re turning consciousness; and in a.little ■while from first evincing signs .of anima tion was wide awake again, staring in a startled way round upon the faces of her. parents, the doctor, and Kawdon. Not to protract this sick-room scene; daring the course of the day she grew so muchTicttei' as to he ahlc to sit up and talk, although still complaining of the sonso of pressure upon her head. Jlr. Lambert, anxious not to tax the kindness of the Hartrees, determined as soon as ever the poor girl was well enough to he moved to have lior earned ■ down into a carriage, and driven over to his own house, and on tho following day Dr. Scott pronounced her to he sufficiently recovered to return home. Accordingly slio was conveyed in a closed vehicle, and driven with her father and mother to Pitzwilliam lodge; hut scarcely had she been " .lifted indoors and laid upon the couch ;..in the dining-room,' when slio com plained of violent pains in tho head. A doctor was sent for, took her . temperature, inquired into the nature ; "f her sufferings, and then ordered her to bed at once, telling Mr. Lambert that his daughter had got an attack of brain fever, and would need tho most un remitting care and watchfulness to preserve her life. ■ Then followed a whole fortnight of that most trying condition of uncertainty which always enters a houso hand in haud with sickness; at the end of which time the crisis of tho malady had passed, and the doctor pronounced all .danger to'he over. During this time Marian and Rawdon had seen each other every day according to their usual wont, hut a change seemed to have come o'er the spirit of. their dream. Cecil vrns dejnessed, subdued, and inclined to brood, worried by an incessant conflict of sentiments which kept him silent and thoughtful. Marian, coming much under his influence asshe did, to a very great extent uncon sciously reflected his mood. They had many a walk and many a talk together, never failing to call two or three times during the course of each day at Mr. Lambert's house to inquire how Clara did. The young fellow delayed quitting Dunbar House for the lodgings he had taken all the while the poor girl remained in it; but after she had been carried out to be driven to her home, he bade farewell to the Hartrees, and moved into the rooms that he had hired in Sydney. • ' Marian,' said he to his companion, as they strolled along together on the morning that he had learnt the welcome intelligence of Clara being out of danger, ' I must make up my mind to some settled course before very long now. My business in England renders it quite imperative that I should not extend my stay in this country longer than I can possibly help.' The girl made no answer. She had too much delicacy of feeling to venture upon any suggestion. That must come from him. ' I have just been thinking it over,' he continued, 'and I believe the best and certainly the most honourable plan for me to adopt will be this: "Wait until Clara Lambert is quite conva lescent, then go and see her, once more put my whole position before her, and ask her to release me from my engage ment.' ' Truly misfortunes come not singly to this unhappy girl,' said ITarian, with a little sigh of sympathy, 'Butwhat do. you think yourself?' asked Cecil. 'I do not see what other course is open to mo.' ' I despise myself for not having the moral courage to renounce you and insist upon your marrying Miss "Lambert, If I thought that by giviug you up you would still keep your engagement with her ' N 'You wouldn't do it,' interrupted Cecil, with a smile. ' I do not believe I could,' she mur mured. ' That is to say, I know it would break my heart. I never could have reali-ed that love is really but another word for selfishness.' ' Hot exactly,'-said ho; 'although I must admit that in our case the two sentiments seem to be very nearly allied. But to return to what I was sayiiig— to the great problem that has been the haunting condition of my existence for the past three weeks—I must make up ray mind without further delay how I intend to act.' He walked on awhile in silence, and then exclaimed: I have an idea ? I will go and have a talk with Mr, Lambert. He is a gentleman and a clergyman, besides being tho father of Clara, and I am sure that if I represent to him how I am situated he will counsel me wisely and in a right- minded way.' Marian agreed that ho would do well to take this step, and expressed some wonder that it had not occurred to him to interview the girl's parents before; now. But he explained tliis by saying that the notion had indeed several times entered his head, only he could not dream of approaching them whilst their daughter laid in a state bordering betwixt life and death. Now that her condition Wiis no longer critical, how ever, he deemed it his duty to go to them. Accordingly, that same afternoon, he walked over to Pitzwilliam Lodge, and inquired for Mr. Lambert. The clergy man was at home, and directed that Cecil should be shown into his room, where he sat half dozing over a volume of Jeremy Taylor's works, for the anxiety of the past fortnight had rendered him far fitter to go to sleep than to appreciate the rich eloquence of the old divine. He closed the volume with a smothered yawn as Itawdon entered, and rose to greet him. The first words were naturally inquiries after Clara. She was doing well, although very weak, and likely to require great care for some time to come. Then Cecil found himself very much embarrassed, for he had come upon a delieato mission—to tell a father, in effect, that he no longer cared about his daughter, and to ask to be freed from his engagement to her. But Mr. Lambert was not by any means a for bidding man; he perceived the young fellow's hesitation, and although he could not then guess at the reason of it, he imagined that Eawdon might have something to communicate, the impart ing of which would cause him a little confusion; therefore, in order to re assure and encourage him he put on the mildest, most genial manner at his com mand, with the result that in a very short space of time Cecil was quite at his case again. 'I have called to discuss a matter .of much moment to us both, Mr. Lambert,' he began. ' By fights I should have come to you long before this, but poor Clara's illness made it out of the question for me to intrude. Now, however, that she is better, or at least no longer in danger, it behoves me not to delay the somewhat trying duty that lies before me.' He paused, and added,' You have not yet heard the story of my remark able experience, I suppose ?' ' Only so far as I gathered it from tho newspapers, and from Clara's account. You have recovered your memory?' ' Oh, yes. It came back to me quite suddenly, whilst Clara was talking over old times.' ' As she told me. But now let me hear the whole strange adventure from vour lips.' Uppn this Cecil Eawdon told Mr. Lambert the tale of what had befallen him since tho day when he quitted England in tho Lady Godiva, bound to Sydney. He recited his narrative in a plain, straightforward way, detailing in full all the circumstances of his ship wreck, his sufferings in the little boat, his rescue, as it had been described to him, the tenderness and care with which he had been nursed by Marian, and the sentiments of affection that sprang up between them. He went on to describe his mental struggles to combat his love for the girl, understand ing as he did that he had no right to allow his passions to become involved whilst he was not in a position to engage himself to her, owing to his ignorance of his past, but said how idle he found it to try and overcome his growing feelings towards her by coolly reasoning within himself that ho was in no con dition to entertain tho thoughts which would keep breaking through all his resolutions. He then told of Clara Lambert's appearance upon the scene, and tho discovery which followed upon the recovery of his memory, of the great radical change that the disorder of his mind had wrought upon his earlier sensi bilities. Mr. Lambert listened throughout with rapt attention. He was astonished by the involution contained in the young man's story. Habit "of thought had brought him to come to regard Cecil's marriage with his daughter almost in the light of a fail accompli, and now, even whilst the girl lay but freshly emerged from tho very valley of the shadow of death, was he practically making an appeal to be released from his pledgo to her. J It took the clergyman a short spell of inflection to clearly comprehend and realise Hawdon's situation, the conditions of it were so curious, so novel, so utterly j unlike anything within the range of common everyday experience. His knowledge of Cecil was sufficiently intimate to convince him that he was a man of honour and integrity,' and that no hase motives were to he attributed to his desire for freedom from his engage ment. Indeed, no more satisfying reasons could be necessary than those he had named. ' I appeal to you, Mr. Lambert, as a friend, as a gentleman, and as a clergy man of the Church of England,' said the young fellow, after anxiously waiting some few moments for his companion to speak, and finding him still silent. ' I have put my case to you as plainly as I possibly could. My desire is to do nothing hut what is strictly right. Advise me—give me the benefit of your wisdom and worldly judgment. If you think, after weighing deliberately and carefully all I have told you, that it still behoves me, in spite of the altera tion—the uncontrollable alteration— in my affections, to keep faith with your daughter, then, of course, I must hold myself honourably bound. I can talk to you in a manner that I could not talk to Clara herself. But would it be just to cither o£ us for mc to marry a girl whom I no longer love ? Tell me what you think. You now know exactly how I am placed; I come to you for counsel, feeling sure that you will give me the best advice one man could possibly give to another.' ' I can sec your position, and truly it is a most remarkable one—a most remarkable one,' answered Mr. Lambert slowly, taking up a paper-knife and reflectively toying with it. 'In the first place I must certainly hold you acquitted from blame of any sort in the matter. You have done nothing incon sistent with your character for honour, and you are acting honourably now by coming to me in this straightforward way. It is a somewhat delicate business for me to attempt to advise you, for the sentiments of the father may be liable to come into conflict with the disin terestedness of the counsellor. But since you ask it of me, I will endeavour to give you a single-hearted and unbiased opinion of how I think you should act in this dilemma. First of all, then, it seems to me that the question is one which must be settled entirely by your own feelings. "Waiving, under the circumstances, the prior claims of my daughter, the case stands thus—between two ladies you are at a loss which one to choose, or rather, to express it more clearly, on the one side is inclination, and on the other the restraining sense of moral obligation. Yow, I admire you for the courage and candour with which you have told me the plain, honest truth. Do not imagine, my dear fellow, that I shall ever lite you the less, because, owing to a strange misfortune, which has be fallen you, you no longer love my daughter. Were it a ease of wanton fickleness—the desire to discard one girl for another who better pleases your fancy—then indeed I should take quite another view. But I know your character too well to, for a single instant, believe you capable of such dishonourable conduct. The whole cir cumstances under which you met and fell in love with this Miss Marston were irreproachable, and quite beyond your control. Sailors have an expres sion, full of a rough reverence, which they apply to any incident that happens outside the ken of human restraint— they call it the act - of God. TYoll, the misfortune which overtook you at sea, with all its attendant results, is purely the act of God, and therefore there can exist no question of blame to . any living creature.' 1 You take a generous, and at the same time a right, view of the matter,' said Cecil. 1 But then, indeed, I was sure of a just interpretation at your hands.' ' I can sec but one course open,' con tinued the clergyman, gravely smooth ing down his irou-gray hair. 'My daughter must withdraw. Poor girl! I am afraid it will be a heavy blow to her to have to give you up. She was very fond of you, Cecil.' ' Oh, Mr. Lambert,' cried Bawdon, with an expression of deep distress, ' if you only knew what the state of my mind has been ever since the day that Clara called upon me and restored to me my memory! The torments of con scientious scruples which I have under gone, the feelings of remorse that have visited me, the desire to do what is riglxt, and my incapacity to reconcile any resolution I arrived at with a com plete sense of duty—upon my word, such a condition of mental conflict much longer continued would drive me out oi. my mind, I do believe.' There was so much of earnestnesi and sincerity in his tones, and the anxious look of his handsome face so completely accorded with the testimony of his words as to the ceaseless struggle of emotion which had been going on for many dnys^past within his soul, that the kindly clergyman could not but feel heartily sorry for the poor young fellow. It was just about this time that hire. Lambert came into the room. Clara, was awake, she said, and felt better and stronger. She had overheard the servant whisper to her (Mrs. Lambert' that Cecil was in the house, and expressed a wish to see him. Hei mother tried hard to dissuade her, fearing the ill effects of anything like the least degree of excitement; but the girl insisted with so much eagerness ol desire that at last Mrs. Lambert thought it would he better to humour her. ' I will come up with you,' said Mr. Lambert, rising. ' Do not say anything likely to upset her.' ' Heaven forbid!' murmured Eawdon. The four of them ascended to the room in which she lay. The chambci was darkened by curtains, and after the bright sunshine of the parlour, it took Cecil some moments to make out the pale face of Clara, smiling faintly up at him, from amid the clustering locks of her rich golden hair. How ill she looked; worn and emaciated by suffer ing; the very ghost of the pretty blooming maiden he could recall in the little. Gloucestershire town where ho first met her. She extended her thin white hand toward him; he advanced to the bedside with just such another lump rising in his throat as he had felt whilst he watched her lying motionless and apparently dying in Dunbar House, and clasped her fingers with his own. He did not utter a word; his heart was too full for him to trust himself to speak. ' Cecil,' she exclaimed in a low voice, '■ kiss me. It may be for the last time.' ' Oh, no,' he answered, pressing his quivering lips to her brow. ' You ar e better, and will soon bo well again.' ' I do not mean that,' she said. ' You do not love me any longer.' ' How can you say so ?' 'You love that other girl, Miss Marston, now. She saved your life. I never saved your life. All the time I have hecn ill, whilst my head has been burning ami my brain filled with all sorts of horrible shapes and figures' —she shuddered at the recollection— ' I kept fancying that you were stand ing by my side, asking to be freed from your promise to marry me ; and once I had a dream, and saw both you and Miss Marston standing together under the stars ; and I thought that presently you turned and pointed towards me, saying to the girl, " That is the woman who prevents me from making you my wife."' ' Clara, you must not excite yourself,' expostulated her mother. ' I am not in the least excited,' replied the girl, calmly. ' One would imagine that she "had overheard what we were talking about when you came down,' whispered Mr. Lambert to his wife, staggered by the relevancy of her words to the topic of his conversation with the young man. 'ICiss me again, Cecil,' said she, more faintly still than before. "When he brought his face close to hers she clasped liim round the neck, and held him in her embrace for at least fivo minutes; on releasing him her sunken blue eyes were glisteuing with tears, and her dainty little mouth quivering with emotion. ' Goodbye, darling,' she whispered, ' you are free. God bless you!' And then she buried her face in the pillow, whilst Mr. Lambert, passing his arm through that of Cecil llawdon, led him out of the room. 