Crick Benefit Concert- The concert in aid of this benefitfund was held in the Star Theatre last Wednesday night,, when a good audience assembled. The first part consisted of the usual minstrel circlo, with Messrs Thoumine, Prater, and Gourlay, as tambo, bones, and interlocutor respectively. After an overture by Miss Iluht, the full circle broke into the opening chorus. Next came an item bv Mr F. Sheard, whose rendering of " Noivon Moreen " was much appreciated. " Sally will vnn Go," sung by Mr Xhoumino, went very well, wnilst Mr Gourlay ploaml the audience in singing of " Whisper and 1 ivhall Hear." 'SJr T /-..Fos. it viii-ll-uif-rit<• c 1 encore ior hi? rendition of the beautiful lm.h molodv '•' Oumo Back to Erin " Mr (íeoige Heiri then appeared in character aud sang " We're Alright," and had to respond to an encore. Mr Ben Stevens followed with " Alone on the Raft." He possesses a pleasing tenor voice, ancl was much applauded. Then came Mr Prater wi'h "Clara Nolan's Ball," which seemed to amuse the audience greatly. A banjo duet by Messrs Reid and Russell served to open the farce, 'A Suburban Ghost," with Messrs Thoumine and Prater as Pete and Joe and Mr Frank Gourlay as the ghost. The audience were simply convulsed with laughter, and the curtain fell on the first part amidst considerable merriment. During the interval, Mr Gourlay, the manager, thanked the audience for their patronage. The second part opened with a pianoforte solo by Miss If uht, in her best style and accurately executed, followed by "Molly Bawn,"sung by Mr F. Sheard. Messrs Reid and Russell secured a well deserved encore for Ihe Swell and Outcast." It was very much above the average descriptive duet. The next item was " I ain't agoing to Tell," by Mr Frank Gourlay. This was a genuine triumph for him. and when he left the stage, tremendous encoring brought him back, and he treated the audienco to so me "facial expressions," which were extraordinary. Mr Fox followed with " 'Tvvixt Love and Duty." In response to an encore he sang ''Two Little Girls in Blue." Messrs Thoumine and T, O'Connor gave a grotesque song and dance, " Happy Cullered Boys." A word of praise is due to Mr O'Connor, who shows great promise in his dancing. In fact we might fay that there is a great future it) store for him in that line. Song, Mr Ben Stevens. Clog dance, Mr Fairfield. After which came " McGee and Malone." a double Irish speciality turn by the popular Reid and Russell combination. They received an emphatic encore, and as dancers were never beaten on the Chiltern stage. Mr Duncan Husscll gave by special request The Sailors Hornpipe," and was encored, llis graceful dancing i« something to be remembered. The entertainmeut was brought to a closc with " Irish Justice." As played last Tuesday night it was a great success. The excellent fooling of Mr Gourlay as the Judge was irresistible. In fact th<< finale with Higgins (Thoumine), and Annie Rooney (Russell) sent the audience home highly delighted. A word of praise ia due to the musical directress, Miss Huht. The oiaee is no sinecure at any time, yet this lady was highly satisfactory to both players and audience. Mr Joe Wall, as assistant stage manager, also carried out his duties efficiently. Although the usual number of dead-heads managed to get in, yet after the expenses are paid, the committee are satisfied that a fair surplus will be available for the fund. Mrs Laponple.'as honorary Treasurér, was painstaking and ought to feel highly delighted at the success of the affair. She gave the performers a splendid spread after the concert, at which numerous toasts, including e wishing Mr Crick a speedy recovery, were duly honored. 