A Sydney. Miracle, INVgsTIGA i' Oý BY A' REPORTER; Ts ITgassI~NOG CA'SE O MRI THoMAS JARVI, WEO CATSB TRHAT'A FEW WEEKS AGO HE WAS C; RIPPLED-PARTIALLY pABALYODL BUFFERING FROM LocO XoTOB ATAXIJ, AND . HELPLESS. DoCTORS, HOSPITAL AUTHORITIES, AND EVERY ONEI SAID HE MUST DIE AS. 1IB CASE WAS HoPELESS. BUT THEY wERE MISTAKEN.. TO DAY HE IS A NEW MAN, FU-L OFPLIFE AND ENERGY, HIS CRUTCHBS HE HAS THRowN AWAY, HIs DEAD LIMBS HAVE LIFE, RIB APPETITE HAS RETURNED, AND. IN FACT, HE HAS A NEW LEASE OP LIFE OUT AID Oui. So moch interest has been shown by oar readers in thisamarvellous case that we have piIblished the,facts gain as they appeared in the Australidni Workman a few weeks ago ,One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Ctown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face diclared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he stid :" You want to know all about my eeie ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who were stricken as I .waq." " How long wer° you suffering ? " Well, twelve months ago I got so bqd that I had to leave offwork, and I h:rve lone pothing since then. About 5 years ago, next Christman, I mnt with an accident. I wis bidly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt atrect, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malnly I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" S,,cimnlv indoerribable. The Daina wore Asmething terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no con. trol over my bowmIls or bladder, and was a snisance to myself and everyone else. I was ineessaotly slivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I aw a well.kowon dctor, and he told rise that my case was utterley boneless. How .ever. ha gqse me a:n orier to the Director. of Cbaritable lnstitulhus.' . " Did onu mace aUe of the order 7 " " No ; I came horne anl went t', bed, and have been pretty well inu led ever since Fire weeks ago I could not walk acress the dfoor; in fact. I could not get rut of bed. I felt then that it was all 5over with me, and only a question of-days when I woulld give ?p the ghost. Mly doctor was attending mue, and did all be could, by opium aud morphia jills to ease the agony I was in. I waOs tn der him for five or six weeks.'' lie camr to the concluslon that I was suff-zine from lonomotnr at:sZin, or progressivn locomntor atazv. A disease of the spinal cord, charac. tnrioed by peculiar disturhances of gait and difficulty in co.nrdinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for -ten years, and that 1 mright never get. the nse of my legs. (Just then the patient kickeyt his legs about with energy to show that mediCal opinion is not infallible.) Well. jusr as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, "1 grasped at an idea conveyed by the adver. tisement describing the cure effected in the ..... n?nther boiler.m-ker in Eneland. which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr Williams' Pink Polls for Pale People. I Teat in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway. and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to cat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite si;d rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immedi ately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken fqr boxes of Pink Pills dsring th" past for weeks, and am now tak Ing the flth box, I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, buet surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. Yov see those crutches here ? They were made for me b.fore 1 got Dr Williams' Pink I ills, but I was too weak to use them. and now I don't want themi. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " He is 100 per cent better,:' said Mrs Jarvis, who had come ii'And taken the hobo on her knees. " Dr Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who oalled in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten yeare younger that day than he did a fortnight previousl. . S " I can now," continued J.arvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back T"' in my legs. If I k ep on. going. the. w?y I am I hope to be ableto resnme work as a boiler-maker, and son know.I have to 'be in the wery gink of health and strength to work at that trade. 1 am better to.day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life.' I am in no pain now, whatever, anti feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of upiuom. Ind morphia pills which the doctor gave se - to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer teed them. Every body who knows me has been amazed at the change in me They can hardly believe their e.ves My being about again has caused quite a s~nsntion out here." Inch is the remarkable history, and con firms what is tid in all taoe chief newspapers of this country of the astonihinlg cres Wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinol disease, also the many disorders whiph arise from an impoveriohed state of blood, such as anmmia, pale and sallow complexion, general mrscular weak. ne?s, indigestion, loss of appetite, ,hortness of breath, paing in the back, nervous head acheb, &c.; These pills are a tonic, not a purgative They ace genuine only with the full name Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers gener ally, or the Vr Wiliams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for ;s 8d, or halfldozn for 14s 9d. :?,,s?-?, ,z · , 