SHORT STORIES. \--4-c- A CAPETOWN STORY. IIl. This was after he had seen her once; the sequel to half a dozen meetings d(id not require a prophetess to fore tell, when the man was young aind handsome and sympathetic, and the girl weeping over her wedding gown, and cherishing ideals. Mrs. .Vaughan's artificial smile became a ghastly exhi bition of false teeth at sight of him, and she would have liked to ask him not to come so often, but her hands were tied. Robert Rashleigh, like all plain men, was as jealous as Othello; to have for bidden Frank the house would have been to admit the possibility of a doubt respectinlg her daughter's affections-a fatal step, which must be avoided at any cost. It was at this inauspicious time, when a mother's care was so neces sary to dear. Hilda, that the promise of a demise and a legacy drew Mrs. Vaughan from home. "Remember," she said solemnly to her girl, "that your mother will be with you in spirit, if not in person. As Robert is coming to dinner to-night put on your white dress and his pearls. Your cousin Helen's marriage has turned out wretchedly, I hear; she does her own housework. Be grateful for dear Robert's love." Hilda wore the white dress. She had begun to take a pleasure lately in making the most of herself. She looked like a lily to-night. There was no harm in Frank think ing so, but to tell her was rash. After all, perhaps it only forced the inevi table end. Suddenly he was holding her hand in the scented darkness of the stoep, and she was crying. "You don't care for him," he said. "I believe you hate him now. Dis honourable? Why should I hold my tongue? To see you driven to the edge of a precipice, with that look on your face! Do you think I am wood, or a man of flesh and blood?" She trembled at his passion like a pale flame in a draught, and the trees rustled mysteriously in the airless night, and the windows of the dark room behind them creaked as with a warping of dry wood. "I've promised," she wept. "I must go on now." "If you feel like this now, what will you feel on your wedding day? You will drive us both mad. Be brave while there is time." "It is too late," she said. "There are obligations; you don't understand. And I have promised. Don't torture me, Frank. We are not to be happy, it can't be." "Oh, you weak women!" cried he. "You are God's curse-and blessing to men on earth!" She left him then. She fancied from his attitude that he was crying. She dare not stay. She had never seen a man cry before, or supposed it could be so; it made her feel sick. She longed to take his head on her breast and comfort him. But it is always so much easier to, drift with the cur rent than to fight. She had no courage to assert herself-no nerve for scenes. As she went upstairs to bathe her eyes the door of the dark room opene:l stealthily, and Robert Rashleigh came out and rejoined his host in the lighted dining-room. "Did you find your pocket knife?" asked Vaughan. "I found what I want to look for," replied Rashleigh. His face was the colour of cigar ash, and he looked like an old man. "Good heavens, Rashleigh! Have you seen a ghost?" "A touch of my old complaint, no thing more," said Robert, smiling hor-. ribly. "I think I'll go home, if you don't mind. Excuse me to Hilda." 