DU. JOHNSON ON LAW AND j LAWYERS. It most always bo interesting to lawyers to hoar the opinions of an intelligent lcymoa on them and their profession, especially when the layman is ono with tbo robust good souse of a Dr. Johnson, for too many laymen talk sad trash about the law and its professors. Even a man liko tbe poet Wordsworth, hknsolf the son of a country solicitor, could write like this ip 14 A Poet's Epitaph ' 14 A lawyer art thou P— draw not nigh ; Go cany to some other place Tho keenness of that practised eye. The hardness of that sallow face.' This kind of abuse is obeap ; retaliation easy 44 A poet att thou P Scarecrow fly, And carry to some other clime The fronzy of that rolling eye, The twaddle cf that tuneless rhyme. Johnson was full of prejudice, but on law and lawyers ho was remarkably lucid and just. 44 Lawyers, he said, 44 know life practically. A bookish man should always have them to converse with. They have what he wauts.' It is a curious fact that at the age of fifty-six 14 tho groat lexicographer,'' as Miss Pinkerton iu 44 Vanity Fair' delighted to call him, had actually composed a. prayer — and a very good one, too— that bis study of it might be sancti fied »4 to direct the. doubtful aud instruct the ignorant, to prevent wrong and terminate con tention.' It is a matter for real regret that he ucvec carried out his desigu, How well wo can picture the poudurous doctor as a learned Queen's (or rather King's) Counsel, refining on his points to the Court, or haranguing a jury, while 44 words cf wondrous length and thundering sounds ' amazed the gapihg occu pants of tbe jury-box 1 A friend of Dr.Johnson once said that he was like a ghost, who never spoke until he was spoken to— tho truest description of bim, the doctor said, ever given j aud it is to the initi ative of the inquisitive Boswell — of course, the admirable showman — tliat wo owe the doctor's dicta on law and lawyers. Boswell was going to the English Bar, or rather playing at it, and a gay friend, he said, had advised bim against being a lawyer, because ho would be excelled by ploddiug blockheads. . 44 Why, sir,' said Dr. Johnson, 44 in the formulary and statutory part of the law a plodding blockhead 'may exceV but in the iugeuious and ratioual part of it a plodding blockhead can never excel.' 44 You must not indulge,' went on tbe doctor, 44 too sanguine hopes should you be called to our Bar. I was told by a very sensible lawyer that there are a great many chances against any man's success in the profession of the law. The can didates are so numerous and those who get large practice are so few. Ho said it was by no means true that a mau good parts and ap plication is sure of having business, though he, iodeed, allowed if *uch a man could but appear in a few causes his merit would be knowu, aud ho would get forward ; and that the great risk was that h man might pass half a life-time in tbe courts and never have au opportunity of showing his abilities.' This is as much a melan choly truth to-day as it was a hundred years ago. 41 What means may a^ lawyer legitimately ui-e to get on ?' Nico questions of casuistry arise. 44 A gentleman, ' says Boswell, 44 told mo tbat a countryman of bis and mine, Wedderhuru — afterwards Lord Loughborough — who had risen to eminence in the law, had, when first making his way, solicited him to get him employed in city causes.' Johnson : 44 Sir, it is wrong to stir up law suits ; but wheu once it is certain that a law suit is to go ou, there is nothing wrong iu u lawyer's endeavouring that he shall have the benefit rather than auother.' Boswell: 'You would uot solicit employment, sir, if you were a lawyer ?' Johuson : 44 No, sir ; but not becauso I should think it wrong, but because 1 should disdain it.' This is a good distinction which will be felt by men of just pride. He proceeded : 14 However, I would not have a lawyer to be wanting to himself in using fair means. I would have him to inject a little hint uow and then to prevent his being over looked.' This is a very toleraut view of professional etiquette. When the great Duchess of Marl borough called at young Murray's chambers and fouud him out — we may presume he was en gaged in drinking champagne with his wits— the imperious dame said, ou meeting bim next ; 44 Young mau I if you want to rise in your pro fession yon must not sup out.' Boswell had nn uneasy feeling that he must give up supping out, and he put it to Johnson whether a very extensive acquaintance in London might not be prejudicial to a lawyer. Said Johnson ? '* Sir. you will attend to busi ness as business lays hold of you. When not actually employed you may see your frien 3s as much as you do now.' Sir Matthew Hale once said tbat it wis as great a dishonour as a man were capable of that he should be hired for a little money to say otherwise than be thought. But the truer and juster view of the ethics of advocacy is well ex pounded by Johuson. Boswell feared thattbe affectation of warmth in a client's cause might produce habitual die'siraulatiob. 44 Why, no, sir, a man who is paid to tumble — the metaphor is not flattering to the lawyer —will not go on tumbling when he is not to be paid for it.' Lawyers cultivate the diffuser graces of rhetoric. They are sometime* accused even of garrulity. 44 It is unjust, sir. said Johnson, 44 to censure lawyers for multiplying words when they argue. It is often necessary for tbem to multiply words. This ' (he said), referring lo some point) 44 you must enlarge on when speaking to the Committee (of ths House of Commons). You must uot argue there as if you were arguing in the schools. Close reason ing will not fix their attention. You must say the same thing over and over again in diflerent words. If you pay it but once thoy inics it inn moment of inattention.r 