A Sauntod Souse. A STRANGE DOOR AND A STRANGE STORY THAT CLUNG TO IT. The pension examiner who had been on duty in a southern state, was in Washington for a week or two, as is the custom among that class of public servants, and he was telling of what he had seen and heard in his bailiw ick. "Oh yes," he said, in response to a queiy, "there were ,ha'nts' there, for where are they not where the~ darkey prevails? But the real ghost of the whole section was in an old house known as Horley Hall. The old house was nearly a hundred yearfc old, and as far back as people could remember, it had the reputation of being haunted. This reputation had primarily grown out of the fact that in one of the great rooms of the house was a door leading somewhere which had never been opened, da far as known, and which resisted every effort to open it. The room was wainscoted in oak nearly to the ceiling, and this door was only about six feet high and three feet wide, and seemed appropriate as the entrance to a secret chamber. It had heavy iron hinges and a heavy iron latch and staple, eaten deeply by the rust when I saw it. "In reponse to a suggestion from the owner of the place, who was showing me over it and telling me the story of its ghost, I made an effort to get the door open, both by pulling at it and by putting my shoulder against it and pushing with all my strength. I even went so far as to rig a kind of a clumsy jack againBt it to force it open, but it refused to budge an inch. I could tell that it was a well made door by the sound it gave forth when pounded on, but there was no reason apparent why it should not open to reveal what was on the other side of it. "The story was not a very weird one, consisting mostly of rumor that on certain nights this door opened and a former master of the house came forth to wander about. He had never done any harm or any gaod to any one, and on the whole the ghost story was rather tame, but the door was there, and there was a mystery about that which waa still unsolved through all the years. "Last year the owner of the house at my suggestion, opened the old hall for summer boarders, and I led the van and took the room with the mysterious door in it. "Many's the night I've sat and watched that door, and often of moonlight nights I've sat in the open window, waiting to see if the Bweetness of the southern summer night would not tempt the old master to wander, but he never came forth to meet me. "One nigh t, though, came the revelation of the mystery. A certain in one of the wincows of a win"- of the house was blown into a candle flame and five minutes later fire was raging 1 . Half an hour later the fire was out, but the wing adjoining my room had lost its upper half, exposing the wall of the main building. In the repairs that followed this wall was partly removed, and it wasshown that the mysterious door, was merely a joke on posterity, played by the original propietor, who had a heatfy piece of oak pnt in the wainscoting, and had carved it with hiB own hands to resemble a door. The hinges and latch he had put in to the trick to the very end. " That door," concluded the narrator, "by actual measuremant was fourteen inches thick and solider than a stone wall, so that it was no wonder nobody could ever open it." 