LITERATURE. BOOKS UP TO DATE. English lltorature has never proved an attrac tive subject in civil service examinations, though it has generally, and very rightly, been included in the London curriculum. AuBtin Dob- son, taking pity on the dejected candidates, alien sons and daughters of a fair. Iiprlppl nil heritage. issued, for their benefit, in 1874, a Manual, where by the largest amount of knowledge of writers, past and present, could be taken, like a homoeo pathic globule, in the smallest aud most highly- compressed doses. The second edition of 1880 assumed a 'more pronounced character as a book of ' reference, achieved some success, and went out of date. Lately, the publishers, Messrs. Crosby, Lockwcod, and Son, decided to revive this really useful work. They applied to Austin Dobson, as they were bound to do. Would he galvanise this twenty-two year old reminder of departed literary Shades into fresh life, dress It up anew in tho fashion of the day, and add a pendant to it in the shape of a new genera tion, who had not only knocked at the front door, but driven some very respectable and honored householders out at the back gate? No, Austin Dobson would not. He could not so far face the ghosts of his past, and dance a tatoo on the graves, literal or literary, of his early friends. So Professor Hall Griffin, of Queen's College, London, undertook the arduous work, nnd a really valuable little volume he has made of it. It is new entitled "A Handbook of English Literature: Revised with New Chap ters, and Extended to the Present Time," and comes from Geo. Robertson and Co. From the technical department,, tho same firm also for wards "A Handbook for Farmers aud Dairy men," by TP. W. Woll, assistant professor of agricultural chemistry at the University of Wis consin, who has had the assistance of well-known specialists. The book, neatly bound, and of port able size, is published by Chapman and Hall, London, and John Wiley and Sons, New York. It is, in effect, an extension of the "Dairy and Agricultural Calendars" previously published by the same experienced writer, but much new material has been added — tables, statistics, and special articles have been brought up to date; in a word, tho edifice has been rebuilt. In a country whore the science of agriculture is young, and where tho hopes of so many city- bred youths are beginning to centre upon "tho land," a comprehensive but concisely-arranged manual like this should be of value. There arc chapters on Veterinary Science, Farm Animals and Feeding Stuffs, Forestry, Milk, Butter, Creameries, and Cheese Factories, and many other subjects. But the statistical tables, being compiled for the United States, are compara tively useless here, and, throughout, one has to allow for differences of soil and climate. Why eat when not hungry; drink when not athirst? Victims of well-meaning, but unwel come, appeals, to do either of these two things will find a sympathetic friend in George Keith, M.D., LL.D., and possessor of many other decora tive Initials. Adam and Charles Black aid and abet, by publishing for this amiable and dis tinguished conspirator, who, in "Fads of an Old Physician," not only proposes to rob a poor man of his beer, and a suffering female martyr | of her tea (unless as "modest quenchers" of a healthy occasional thirst), but who 'actually believes food starvation to he, in many cases, tlie best of remedies- for a serious disease. Physician George Keith was often spoken of in Edinburgh, long before he wrote his "Plea for a Simpler Life," as the "starving doctor." Let him laugh who wins. The doctor knows what he is talking about; though an irate and apoplee- i tic old gentleman did summons him once, because he left him fuming in his warm bed without ordering a bottle of port and a grouse pie, or 1 something of an equally lowering nature. No ' animal food for children, or tho smailest pos sible quantity. No stimulants as a fixed habit, especially where, at any period of life, there lias been a lapse into excess, or a tendency that way. Plenty ot massage: can ho managed alone and unprofessionally. No forcing of food, solid or liquid, upon unwilling Invalids. Hot water for headache. Abstinence from food for indiges tion. These are Dr. Keith's main doctrines, and he sets them forth simply, brightened with j anecdote, and seasoned with plenty of very | good advice. A most readable, common-sense little book. Though the Nansen boom is subsiding, works concerning him aro still in great demand. But we are getting our Nansen in diminishing quan tities. First came Constable's fine work, got up in worthy style. Macmillan's edition fol lowed, still intact In body, but, in its inferior dress, considerably smaller. J. Arthur Bain had already bustled into tho field, with "Frid- tiof Nansen," resplendent in green and gold, but shrunken in dignity. This was not our Nansen, Nansen the Viking, herserklng, not for gold, but for knowledge, over tho frozen bones of bis intrepid forerunners. , He was Bain's Nansen. clipped to fit his frame; and Bain fell down before the1' god which he had created, and rejoiced .exceedingly. Even the unapproachable Eva smiled over Bain's gush. When "Llv" burst in upon her mother as she was grimly fencing with tho Norwegian in terviewer, and yelled for the sciBsors, just like any other naughty child who had never heard of Nansen in its life, Eva fairly chuckled. My "comfort" and my "joy!" she protested, "why Liv wasn't even in the house!" As if this were not enough to bear, Bain must now go and boil his idol down again — to use a cannibalistic image — into atf abridged "Fridtlof Nansen" (Partridge and Co.), which reaches us from no loss than threo sources. IVhat do we want with a school room Nansen? Is'nt "Farthest North" simple, and graphic, and enticing enough, my dear, enthusiastic Mr. Bain, for any schoolboy who has tho makings of a man in him? There only remains the last, straw — a "Nursery Nansen." He rises beforo us as we speak. He is illustrated — very much Illustrated. He wears an ultramarine dres sing-gown. and caresses a well-behavfid woolly Polar bear. Johanscn Is just rising from his freshly- starched carmine sack. His Family Bible is beside him — they do carry Family Bibles in 86deg. north, iat., in nursery books. Over all is a twisted peppermint stick of many colors, representing tho Aurora Boreaiis. And littlo Tommy, gazing on tho pretty glass icebergs at tho back, squeezes his chubby fists into his eyes, and roars, "Boo-hoo-oo! I want to go to tho North Pole!" Among tho miscellaneous works forwarded by George Robertson and Co., besides Dr. Keith's "Fads" above mentioned, wo ifotice "Tlie Silver Cross," a collection of poems and hymns spe cially compiled for tbe sick aud suffering, by Helen Douglas. Bishop Wilkinson contributes an introduction, and George Bell and Sons pub lish. "On the Use of Science to Christians," by Emma Mario Oaillard (James Nlsbet) is a shilling booklet of the weakly argumentative order. "Can science bo of any use to us in helping us to understand the Scriptures bet ter?" belongs to that class of queries which tho French call, very aptly, "Saugrenues," a word for which it Is difficult to find a perfect synonym in our tongue, including, as it does, conflicting elements; tho shallow — profound, tho frivolous- earnest. Nevertheless, tho general tenor of this littlo pamphlet Is more thoughtful, more logical, and much less slipshod and narrow than the averago of such efforts. From the Sydney Book Club, wo have "Tho Early History of the Scottish Union Question," by G. W. T. Omond, an author noticed in this column in connection with "Fletcher of Saltoun," in the Fmous Scots Series, also published by Olipbant, Anderson, and Ferrier. Mr. Omond deals with tho earliest efforts to unite the kingdoms, commencing as far back as Edward tlie First's day. Tho most powerful novel of the week Is not difficult to locate. Since George Gisslng gave tiB "New Grub-street," he has published nothing so good as "The Whirlpool" (Bell's Colonial Library). Forewarned is forearmed, and for tho benefit of those readers who demand a happy ending, we must state at tho outset that the restlessness of the book is depressing. A whirl pool is not generally suggestive of repose; and George Gissing has pourtrayed here powerfully the carking care, tho social striving after petty ends, the craving after excitement, and notoriety, tho hysterical remedies, worse than the disease, that drag so many men and women down into tho great whirlpool of modern society. The writer himself seems to hover between two long ings — one for the mischievous Tennysonian ideal, as expressed in tho sneer of exquisite genius at poor rustic Peace, as she "pipes on her pastoral hillock, a languid note, and watches her harvest ripen, her herd increase," the false ideal that would bid every, little strutting: red- coated seeker after cheap glory rush to work off his brute instincts in a general carnage. The other remedy Mr. Gissing puts into the mouth of his exceedingly well-drawn hero, Rolfe. Rolfe is talking about his child to a friend of his, a rector of conservative instincts and liberal ideas, also a development of tho modern whirlpool. "It I followed my instincts," says the father, "I should make tho boy unfit for everything but tho quietest, obscurest life. I should mako him hate a street and love the fields. I should teach him to despise" every form of ambition; to shrink from every kind of pleasure, but tho' simplest and purest; to think of life as a long day's ramble, and death as the quiet sleep that comes at the end of it." Here speaks tho unconscious pessimist, expressing a distrust of life and a vague yearning for rest that finds Its echo in thousands of hearts to-day. But the workers struggle on, fighting a fight that .needs no em blazoning in gold braid and epaulettes. Frothingham, tho financier, is the John Gabriel Borkman of speculators. Kindly, generous in tho small matters of life that need real self- restraint and courtesy, he yet, lured by magnifi cent dreams ot colossal fortunes to be made. Is drawn into tho mad vortex of reckless Stock Exchange gambling, and flung forth, ruined. To a ruin involving the usual crowd of helpless victims, his suicide seems a fitting climax. His daughter Alma, who marries Rolfe, is the best study in the book. Her restless ambition to mako a name among violinists on the stage, her Intermittent desires to be a good mother, her varying moods concerning the cold nnd gra cious Sybil, whose innate corruption is "breath ed"' rather than set down, in the narrative, her hatred of the methods — such as a veiled promise to would-be lovers — by which she is advised to buy a cheap popularity, all this Is developed with consummate skill. Sybil's husband Is so nice a follow that ono is glad he is left in ig- noranco of the real character of the woman he trusts with such implicit sweetness and faith. The respective parts played by the minor charac ters, Mrs. Frothingham, Redgrave, the default ing housekeeper, and others, are artistically woven into tho main narrative. Rudyard Kipling's "Departmental Ditties" (W. Thacicer and Co.) carry us hack to the days when Rudyard was not the important person he is now. This is tho ninth' edition of thoso youthful efforts. Somo are immature (judged by tho Kiplingese standard), but two or three could not he spared on any account from a Kipling colliction. It is many years ago since "Departmental Ditties" saw tho light in Calcutta, but several additions havo been made, Irom time to time, to the new collection, which is chiefly interesting as a foreshadowing of the masterly work which was to follow. Kipling smiles, doubtless, now, if he ever condescends so far as to look at "In Spring Time," or "Tho Moon of Other Days." But let him deal gently to the last with "The Ballad of Fisher's Boardlnghouse"— the grim and terrible haunt "where sailor-men reside." For strength, it might find a place in "Barrack-room Ballads," or "The Seven Seas." Our advance copy comes from the George-street firm. Mr. John Mackio's name, as the author of "The Devil's Playground" and "The Great Lone Land," is sufficiently well known to secure a wel come for his new story, "They that Sit in Dark ness," a tale of the Australian Never-Never, ap pearing in Hutchinson's Colonial Library. Mr. Maekie's stories— and this last is no exception to the rule — always have a convincing air of rea- uuuui muni, iou recognise at once one who has heard and seen. In fact, Mr. Mackie has had no lack of colonial and other experi ences. He was tho first man to build a house and settle on the Van Alphen River in the far Northern Territory, where he lived often for weeks together on crows, hawks, snakes, and currajong roots. He has been a gold-digger In Qtu'riislan,d, a mounted policeman on the frontier in North America, has wandered far aud wide, and seen strange things! Wo can promise our- readers plenty of movement and entertainment in "They that Sit in Darkness." A clever story appeared last year entitled "The Demagogue and Lady Phayre," a study of a Socialist reformer, a fine fellow, "mated to a fool" — and worse. For obvious reasons, the "demagogue's" wife is seldom mentioned by him, and Lady Phayre is trembling on the verge of love for her co-worker, when she dis covers all. Tho talent displayed in this novel, which had not the sale it deserved, is forcibly recalled to our recollection on the receipt of a second, by tho same author, "At' the Gate of Samaria,", andd signed openly, W. J. Locke, instead of the discarded pseudonym. We no- tico the same restrained force, and original handling in this excellent study of a woman artist s struggles in London, amid picturesquely Bohemian surroundings, as in the former work. The book will have a special charm for young art students. When Lord Roberts read Mr.Le Qucux's forecast of the "Com'iug 'European War," first published In ISO, and now Issued in Bell's Colonial Li brary. ho wrote to the author as follows: — "Grovo Park, Kingsbury, Middlesex, March 23, 1894\. Dear Sir, — I entirely concur with you in thinking it most desirable to bring home to tho British public in every possible way the dangers to which the nation Is exposed, unless it main tains a navy and army sufficiently strong and well organised to meet tho defensive require ments of the Empire. Believe me, yours faith fully, Roberts." Later, tho same distinguished General, from the United Servico Club, went more into detailed criticism. The remarks are pub lished as an introduction to tho ninth edition. Captain Cyril Field, R.M.L.I., and T. S. C. Crowtber illustrate. There is much general truth in tho assertion that Australia neglects her gifted children, es pecially in literature and the fine arts, until they havo earned the applause of older civilisations." But whatever the hastily-formed impressions of LorJ Rosebery and Mark Twain may be on the matter, no such reproach attaches to her with regard to Marcus Clarke. That ho had his struggles Ir. his day is undeniable, but so noes almost every restless genius of Bohemia, unless he is tho heir to an estate. Besides. Marcus Clarke's work is not at all up to the line icvel of "His Natural Life." "Long Odrls" is a very mediocre production, and even those "Australian Tales of the Bush," now re-issued by George | Robertson anil Co. in a cheap form, and dedicated to tho Australian public by the auMora widow, aro no more likely to become a classic than much of the equally good work that has followed from other Australian pens. Price Waning, of "Bul letin" fame, for Instance, though he might fail to produce such a prose-poem as the introduc tion to Gordon's poems, one of tho finest pieces of writing in Australian literature, has given us many tales of the old days that are superior in general workmanship to "Gentleman George's Bride." A man cannot live by bread alone— nor in tho long run by a reputation. And, on the whole, the Australian public has shown more than ordinary discrimination in its appreciation of Marcus Clarke. We are proud of'our Marcus Clarke. We trust wo shall always be so. But to accord to him the fulsome adulation which somo of his worshippers seem to imagine is to ho extended to his mere signature would be a rank injustice to many of his compeers, which he would have been tho first to deprecate. We cannot, therefore, entirely agreo with Mr. Hamil ton M'Kinnon's preface. But we havo read, with more than appreciation, his highly interest ing biography of Marcus Clarke which follows. Ot the four stories by Henry James, collected in one volume, and issued in Heinemann's Colo nial Library under tho title of "Embarrassments," one has appeared la "Cosmopolis," one in "The Yellow Book," and the remaining two in "Chap man's" and "The Atlantic Monthly" respectively. W. and R. Chambors publish "Tho Half-Caste," another of Mrs. Craik's stories, fragrant with lavender and sweet with old-fashioned virtues. In "The House of Dreams" (James Bowden), we have a daintily got-up volume of equally daintily- handled parables of tho Schreineresque stylo. They are varied in subject, but all unsigned — an excess of modesty on tho writer's part. Coulson Kornahan has taken quite a new de parture fn "Captain Shannon" (Ward, Lock, and Bowden). Ho is on tho detective track — starting off from a mysterious scries of murders perpe trated in England some time ago. Ho has hardly fouud liis feet yet in the primrose path of dal liance wilb the novel pure and simplo; and per haps wo are inclined to be exacting with the ruthor of "God and the Ant," and "A Literary Gent." "Captain Shannon" for ingenuity -ant imagination and nil the other qualities that go to tho making of a really good, out-of-the-way plot, falle considerably below "That Affair Next Door," by Anna Katharine: Green. But then Anna Katherlne .Green is a positive genius in detective stories. "The Circle of the Earth," by George Knight, also published by Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, is aptly describe by its clever author as a "Fantasy." The earth is compared (tho comparison illustrated by. story) to a giant hoop or circle, Bet gyrating in nothing ness ty tlie Divine' Wizard. To tbe outer faco of this circle, each sealed In its physical enve lope. countless indivlduaties adhere as do iron filings to a magnet. Happiness is an insidious weakener of this adhesion (called life), and, while happiness clings to the tire, and is whirled away in splto of itself, desolation cannot always loose itself when It would. 