l-?-- A!KOI)MK\EDEN., hr , ? ? ? ? * s CHAPTEB XIV,. She tried to murmur some care , Iobs reply, but her heart leaped ?with fear. Another enemy! Too surely the coils of Pate were closing round her ! They -went down the broad stair case, along the lighted hall, and so into the brilliant drawing-room, the handsome man with the lovely girl borne proudly on his arm. She looked up and saw Mrs. Castlemaine smiling at her, Mrs. Merivale rustling towards her in ' gloss of satin and glimmer of pearls.' and, beyond her, two others — a man and a woman — both strangers. They were rising eagerly, too, coming towards her with smiles and outstretched hands, A dim perception flashed over Laurel's brain. Her heart sank like a stone in her breast. It was a supreme moment. Laurel felt it to be such. Her heart beat, her limbs trembled beneath her. But for the support of Herbert's arm she must have fallen to the earth. She wondered that she did not faint — rather that she did not die — for an intuition, swift as the lightning flash, told her that these two strangers were ? . Mr. Gordon and his wife. She had never seen them in her life, but she did not for one moment doubt their identity. She saw Mrs. Merivale modestly giving place to them, allowing them to greet her first. She saw the smile ,of pleasure on Herbert's lips — Herbert, who thought she was hav ing such a pleasant surprise. She could not move or speak. She clung desperately to her husband's arm, and they came nearer and nearer — the tall, rather sternlook ing man, and the pretty, faded lady in her rich silks and laces. ' Laurel gazed at them with her great, dark, frightened eyes, much as the little princes in the Tower might have gazed upon their mur derers. A great horror grew upon her as if, indeed, they were about to strike her dead. She had been caught in a horrible trap — a pit of destruction yawned beneath her feet — in a moment she would be hurled down — down — down into fathomless darkness and despair ! Mrs. Gordon drew nearer and there was a tender smile on the fair, delicate face, and the blue eves looked straight into Laurel's own an instant, for then she started back, and her cry of dismay and wonder pealed on. the impostor's ears like the knell of doom: ' Beatrice ! Oh ! Heaven, it is not Beatrice. . 'What does this mean?' ^ 'It is not Beatrice!' Mr. Gordon echoed, blankly. And for a moment there reigned a terrible silence in the room. Herbert Castlemaine looked down at his wife. She was clinging to his arm with the desperation of des pair. Her face was pale as death, and convulsed with fear. Her wide frightened, dark eyes stared up straight into his, with a hunted look in their sombre depths that pierced his heart. , * ' Beatrice, what do they mean?' , ie cried. 'Have thev all gone ? ? mad?' Her white lips tried to syllable the word ' mad,' but it died upon them in a straining gasp. Mr. Gordon came slowly for ' ward a dazed expression on his features. ' Mr. Castlemaine, there must ? be some mistake,' he said, 'This lady is not your wife ?' '-, , Herbert answered gravely — ? v ' There is no mistake. This is .' my wife, Mr. Gordon.' Mr. Gordon cried siartingly — ' Then where is our daughter ?' Laurel looked ready to faint ; her limbs tottered beneath her. She clung to her husband with one hand pressed upon her heart, and all present stared at the lovely creature on Herbert's arm as if she 'were a ghost. Mrs. Castlemaine, still pale and wan from her recent illness, rose from the couch where she 'reclined and tottered to her jide. 'My dear friends, have you all taken leave of your senses?' she cried. ' Have you forgotten your own daughter's face ? Beatrice, darling, why do you- not go toyour another?' \- Only a stilled moan came from Laurel's lips, but Mr. Gordon . an gwered sternly — ' This no daughter of ours ! We ? have never seen her face before to nignt.' And Mrs. Merivale, in the back ground, gazed in gloating wonder and triumph at the pale, horrified face of Herbert's wife. She was 'burning with anxiety to hear the denouevient of this strange and startling scene. ' You have gone mad both of you !' Mrs. Castlemaine cried out, fretfully. ' This is your daughter whom you sent to us, and whom jny son married. How dare you deny it ? Speat to them, Herbert .—speak to them, Beatrice. Doriot let them deny you! It is Bnonstrous — it is terrible !' ' She-is no child of ours. She . -^fll not claim to be. She is a sniserable imposter. -Look at her guilty face!' said Mr. Gordon pointing a scornful finger at the ?whito face that- did,- indeed, look shame- stricken and full' of guilty troe. ?„ To bev continued. ? 