DIOCESAN COLLECTIONS FOK THE CATHEDRAL- ^ ST. MARY'S, ST. KILDA. ' ' A large congregation assisted at the 11 o'clock Mass on Sunday last in St. Mary's, St Kllda, when a special sermon was preached by the Very Rev Provincial Maher, C.M., oil behalf of the Cathedral. The preacher took for his text the following words of Scripture -—"Going, therefore, teach all nations] baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holv Ghost and behold I am with vou all'days, even to the consummation of the world." Fr. Maher said that when Our Lord spoke these -words to his Apostles, His life's work had been accomplished. He had come to redeem the world. To redeem not one tribe or race of men, but the whole world The mind and the will of man required to be freed from the bondage of ignorance and sin by. Our Lord. He rescued the human mind from ignorance and error by manifesting to man the truth of God. He likewise rescued the will of. man bv making His grace abound where 'sin had previously abounded. Therefore was it that the Apostle St Paul, in that day's Epistle to the Corinthians, congratulated them ou possessing the riches of the grace and knowledge of God in Christ Jesus. Our Lord, in the words of his text, had entrusted His truth to the Apostles and their successors to the end of time, and they were to obtain a hearing from man by the performance of miracles. That had been the function of the Church of God from the days of the Apostles even until now '—to teach the nations all truth. It was her mission to dispel the darkness of ignorance, and to lift up the heart of man to the contemplation and love of heavenly things. It could not be too often repeated in our day that there was no guarantee of the possession of the truth outside the Church of God. Now-a-days, men were heard to say that the reading of the Scriptures was sufficient for all spiritual requirements. But who was able to draw from the Scriptures the meaning intended by Our Lord ? How many, as the Apostle had said, "wrest the Scripture to their own damnation V" From the very beginning of Christianity there was no belief, no matter how absurd or grotesque, which erring man did not attempt to establish as sound, according to his reading and interpretation of the Sacred Scriptures. A high dignitary of the Protestant Church had said on one occasion recently that there was sufficient in the Catholic Bible to make every reader thereof turn Protestant. Well, he might have gone fartuer, and declared with truth that some have said that there is enough in the Bible to make men agnostics, infidels, and even libertines. Our Lord would not have delivered His Word to man had He not also given, at the same time, an unerring interpreter. Therefore, the Church of God had. from the- day of her divine foundation, taught the truth to man, and resisted with all her strength those who, at various times, and in various places, dared to rise up and impugn the deposit of faith. She is the custodian and protector of the truth, and will never cease to teach men till the consummation of the world. Consequently, there was no period, or individual, or nation that could exempt Itself from sitting like a child at the feet of its mother to be taught the truth of God. Mankind could not in any possible way, dispense with the teaching power of the Church. When St Paul took his stand in Athens that city was at the zenith of Its power, and Influence, and culture. Never, perhaps, had a nation attained to so eminent a degree of distinction in the arts and sciences. Yet that people were sunk in the depth of spiritual Ignorance, and they had erected an altar to the " Unknown God." All men, without distinction, had to hearken to the Church of God, whom Our Lord had commissioned "to go Into the whole world and preach the GoBpel to every creature." The Church preserved and maintained the whole revelation of God, and preserved her children from the pestilence of error and corruption. She was careful to see that the faithful were not carried about by every wind of . doctrine. If it were not for the infallible voice of the Church, bow many errors of doctrine would seize on the mind of man 1 Outside the "bosom of the <Jhurch of God, what error and confusion with regard to the interpretation of the Scriptures reigned. There was to be seen division on all sides, It was only necessary to take up the papers on a Saturday to see the number of warring sects—a spectacle which was a dishonour to religion. Each sect was hopelessly divided,-on •Vital questions concerning the welfare ;:«£ man's eoul. A review of the pa&t; flowed ^teffflp ym sects were ever tossed about by every wind of doctrine, believing one thing to-day and rejecting it as error tomorrow. At one time these selfstyled teachers denied the eternity of the pains of hell, and men patted them on the back and encouraged them in that easy, agreeable doctrine. At another, the Divinity of Christ was called in question, and even the creation of man by God was denied, people laughed at the idea of creation, and asserted that man was a progressive growth of the lower creation. Without the guidance of the Church of God, we should be like the dry leaves in autumn, tossed to and fro by the wind. Her office was to teach the world the truth of God. It was of great importance to be able to recognise the Church of God, as so many now laid claim to that title. Our Lord had placed such features on His Church that, no one honestly seeking the truth could fail to find it What were those features or marks ? They were four, viz., One, Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic. One in unity of faith. It was for that purpose that Jesus had prayed to His Father that the Church might be one, as He and the Father were one. Even in the days of the Apostles some were to be found who denied the authority of the Church of God, and the faithful were instructed to shun those false teachers, because in the eye of the Church no crime was considered so great as to impugn the revealed truth of God. The unity of faith was to be found only in the Catholic Church/ Wherever she existed, and that was, in truth, throughout the entire world, all were bound to obey her voice. And why ? Because she re-echoed the truth once delivered to her by Our Lord Himself. When men demanded that private judgment of Scripture should be the last court of appeal, disunion necessarily existed amongst them, even on questions concerning the most elementary truths of religion. It was in the Catholic Church alone that from the rising of the sun to the going down thereof a sacrifice and clean oblation was offered to God. There alone were to be found also the sevep Sacraments, all tending to the sanctilication of men. One government there obtained under the headship of the Pope, who held the keys of > St. Peter. To Peter and his successors in the Apostolic See were the words of Our Lord addressed, "Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against her." As St. Augustine had said :—" There were men, that is, the Donatists. who claimed to be Catholic, but if you ask any one of them to point out a Catholic Church, they will show you not their own, but the Catholic Church." So to-day were some men to be found who were anxious to disassociate themselves from the Protestant Church, to which they belonged, and claim to be called Catholic. But if you asked one of these in Chapelstreet where a Catholic Church was to be found, he would certainly point to St. Mary's. The second feature was holiness in doctrine and in practice. In the Catholic Church there was no error of doctrine, or toleration of sin. The holiness of the lives of her children was seen in their aspiration after the highest perfection in the spiritual life which the Church placed before them as an ideal. Many of them embraced the counsels of poverty, chastity, and obedience. They were living among men, but, by the grace of Jesus, were not of men. Thus was holiness found to be a living reality among her children, in every rank and condition of life. Again, the mark Catholic, or Universal, was peculiar to the Church of God, which was Oatholia in regard both time and place. There to no country or people where _ Was not firmly established, was she nor an island in the sea in which numbers did not kneel to worship God at her altars. The Jewish Church was a mere national church. So also to-day, outside the Catholic Church, the various so-called churches were only human institutions. The Church had a fourth mark, viz.. Apostolic. She had been founded and established by Our Lord on St. Peter when He gave the Prince of the Apostles the keys of the kingdom of Heaven. Those, then, were the four -features or signs whereby the Church of God could be easily discerned from the erring sects outside - her fold, J«st as a counterfeit. sovereign could be distinguished by applying the recognised test, so also could the True Church be discovered by looking, for the marks and signs whereby she was distinguished from all . others claiming co-ordinate authority. ..But there were certainpbligfrttons bind- • lng on us as .members ^fMSfiBiholic Church. . her as our Qijieen,..;. love her ^as ^our ^mother.^ ^nny bodv suffered in consequence. We, therefore, owed her a loyal support and generous obedience. Whence did the Church receive the power to exact obedience from her children ? From Our Lord Himself when He said to St. Peter—" Receive the keys of the kingdom of Heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound also in Heaven." Every one of the Church's commands were ratified in Heaven. Her power was being exercised to-day over all her children just as in the days of the Apostles. Other powers were limited, but hers was unlimited, extending over every land and sea. 'Every earthly power was subordinate to the power of the Church. Hers was a spiritual power, as Our Lord had declared—" His kingdom was not of this world." . All were subject to this spiritual power of the Church, but she taught her children to be subject to their masters and agents. St. Paul had said—" Let every one be subject to the higher powers." Tlw Church never tried to infringe on the civil power, but when Caesar tried to invade the Church she lose up against him like a wall of brass, and said—" Thus far, and no farther." Where was the power to be compared to that which the Church exercised ? What was that of a king or an emperor in comparison ? She told her children to obey the civil power, not. however, serving to the eye, but as faithful children of God. Human power could not penetrate to the heart and conscience of mail. Nor could human power say to its subjects you must believe this or that but the Church of God was able to reach the heart and mind and conscience of man. She said, "Believe this," and every faithful Catholic at once conformed. Moreover, she demanded not-only obedience, but also the love of her children. The Holy Scripture asks, " Can a mother forget the child of her womb?" and we can also ask, " Can a son forget his mother ?" We should regard the Church as our true mother. . Scarcely had we seen the light of day, when she by the sacrament of Baptism washed our souls from the stain of original guilt and onward through life she never abandons her children till she brings them to the full perfection or Christ. Even at death she still acted as a mother, opening up all her spiritual treasures in order to render the death-bed of her children peaceful and happy. She poured forth her prayers to Go'd that He might smooth the pillow of her expiring child, and instil into his fleeting spirit courage and constancy for the last fight of the faith. Then after all was over she did not abandon him. The earthly mother may shed bitter tears as she stands by the grave wherein the lifeless clay of her son is laid, but she cannot awaken a responsive touch in that lifeless form. The Church follows her children into the purifying flames of Purgatory, and there washes out the stains that disfigure the soul. When we considered, all that the Church did for her children, was it too much to expect from them a grateful and loyal service,? At least she was entitled to a return of affection which was wont to be given to an earthly mother. We should fbe ever ready to stand up in her honour. There could be no more despicable thing than to see Catholic men stand by with folded arms, and, like dumb dogs, allow the Church to be assailed and grossly calumniated by her enemies. Our Lord had declared that " those who are ashamed of Him before men. He will also be ashamed of them before His Father in Heaven.'* Lastly, they should loyally support the Church. True nobility and greatness did not lie ih broad acres and illustrious birth, but in the fatherhood of God—in the glorious inheritance of the true faith once delivered to the saints. They ought to try and conduct , themselves as worthy children of the Church. She suffered by the loss and disgrace of her children.. The : -?®ole body skittered when one of Its mewbfers, no matter how small, suffeiM^ ought so to live (feat light might Heaven/' them of to-day wi are^wefi!^1 .I eerned • in our own midst' We " ; Pf opeftinfjttopgrfjtf ~ ted to our national saint, which will be the pride and glory of our people for generations to come. Wherever the Irish race went, they raised up splendid temples to> the honour of God. In America they had done so, especially in New York, where the glorious Church of St Patrick greets the eye of the exile as he approaches that great country. Here in the Queen City of the South they had their own St. Patrick's Cathedral as an undying testimony of the faith. As the Archbishop had said :—" The dream of the past is soon to be the vision of the present. Therefore should we rejoice and be glad, and give thanks to the Giver of all good gifts, who has aided the builders, and blessed their Work even beyond their expectations. In this new land, with a comparatively small Catholic population, it seemed almost a dream of the far distant future to picture the spacious nave and transepts and aisles complete, and the sanctuary adorned with the mosaic floor and noble marble altar, and the seven chapels that guard the King's throne enriched with stained-glass and marble and mosaic, and the old barriers broken down and removed, and the organ pealing through the open spaces, and the song of triumph and thanksgiving ascending from grateful hearts, and a great crowd of worshippers assembled from far and near to witness the august ceremonies connected with the consecration of the building." In a few weeks' time the Cardinal and the Bishops would be seen coming to rejoice with the Archbishop and his people, and to take part in the august ceremonies. The Archbishop confidently relied on his flock to > free the Cathedral from debt. Si*'- Mary's would, he (Fr. Maher) felt sure? ; do as the other parishes had done, come to the help of the Archbishop with a generous offering, and thus prove itself worthy of its traditions as the most ancient and Catholic parish in the diocese. In the evening, after Vespers, the appeal on behalf of the Cathedral was renewed by the Rev. J. J. Malone (Essendon). The magnificent offering of £406 was made. The choir gave an effective rendition of Beethoven's Grand Mass in C, the principals being Misses Berkley (2), and Messrs. Watson and M'Crae. During the collection the " Inflammatus " was sung, Miss Berkley talcing the solos, and at the Offertory Mr. Watson sang " Ecce Deus Salvum Meus " (Clifford). Miss Wimpole presided at the organ, and Mr. Watson acted as musical director. Collections were also taken up on Sunday for the same, purpose at the following suburban -.churches :-St. Mary's (West Mejbojirhe), SS. Peter .-: and Paul's (South • Melbourne), St-: George's (Carlton), St John Baptises ' (Clifton Hill), and St. Joseph's (South Yarra). ST. BRIGID'S, NORTH FITZROY. To-morrow (Sunday) the Very Rev. John Ryan, S.J., will preach in St Brigid's, Fitzroy, at the 11 o'clock Mass, on behalf of the Cathedral. Mozart's Twelfth Mass will be sung. As flowers carry dewdrops, trembling on the edges of the petals, and ready to fall at the first waft of wind or brush of bird, so the heart should carry its beaded words of thanksgiving ; and at the first breath of heavenly favour, let down the shower, perfumed with the heart's gratitude. There are various kinds of forgiveness. iphere is forgiveness that washes its hands of the culprit and refuses to be further troubled on his behalf—the least estimable form of forgiveness; and there is that which prdvjes itself sincere by the effort which Is afterwards made to help tne penitent—that is the kind of forgiveness you should try to secure. Conductor—" How old are you my liitle feirl ?" Little Girl-" If the company doesn't object, Fd prefer to pay full fare, and keep.iny' own statistics. 