THE NOVELIST. In the Dead of Night. (By Ada Cambridge.) CHAPTER III.-(Ooatlnued.) "Oh! God knows! I believe she was enticed away by that foreign f^Uow-on some charitable errand perhaps-and murdered for the necklace. That, to me, is far more likely ithan the other thing. And they never seem to have thought of itt! Fancy, never ithinking of it, and never lifting a hand or taking a step to find her!" "I suppose they had more reason than you know of," suggested Nettie, saying ito herself, with an inward sigh, "How he harps upon that woman! How impossible he thinks it for her to have done wrong!" They found Mrs. Venn's door-key under the mat, and slipped through tike house to bed, and tried to sleep. Nettie succeeded, for she was only twenty itwo and her heart was ait rest-she did not seri ously concern herself about her handsome hus band's past; Billy declared in the morning that the feathier matitress had defeated him, and that if they sltayed another night in that place he should lie on the floor. He took a nip of whisky before breakfast, to clear his brain of morbid thoughts that had haunted him through ithe dark hours. Their buggy having no seat for a servant, and the English-feeling morning-a mixture of delicate mist and Isunshine-being more inviting than usual, they agreed to do their errasds to the rectory and the agent's house on foot. And they set forth early, without confiding their business and lalte ex periences ito their garrulous landlady, Wingate be ing still under the impression that a police case im pended in which anybody might be involved. Their first call was upon the interesting Gerald ine Balcombe that was, and Wingate was almost cerltain that the saw her face at an upper window aa they passed through the well-remembered gar den, where tttre beech tree under which she used to make afternoon tea was beginning to turn yellow, and the myriad chrysanthemum buds opening into bloom.- Great, therefore, was their disappointment when the genial rector, who received them in Ibis study, presently intimalted that she was too unwell to come downstairs. His mention of the fact that she had seen the linen taken from the lost line, when gazing at th'e moon from her bedroom win dow-unfortunately assuming that it was the housekeeper Who, for fear of thieves, was bringing it indoors-saved Wingate Ithe awkwardness of in troducing her name, and gave him his opportunity to explain that she was an old friend. His touch' ing account of his intimacy with her and her family in past years-of how he had been a guest in this very house, treated like a son, and how interesting he found iit to ireturn to the old scenes and revive itihe happy memories connected Itherwith-eautsed Mr. Martin to send a message to Mrs. Desailly, with the expectation ithat she would make a special effort in response; but her answer, long delayed, was that she begged Mr. Wingate would excuse her, and the repent of the servant to ithe effect that the lady had had a kind of fainting flt at the moment of hearing his name. Wingate expressed his sorrow for this state of things, looking becoming grave, but revealing a certain elation alt the back of his gravity to Net tie's watchful eye. His air of sympathy and his claim to old friendship had the anticipated result of drawing confidences from Mr. Martin which he would not have reposed in a stranger. "I daresay," isaid he, "you are aware of the sad dissensions in the Desailly family?" Wingate said he was, implying a complete know ledge of all itheir affairs. "She suffers terribly," ithe rector continued, shaking Ibis head; "more than Sir Walter can have any idea of, or he would never treat her so in humanely as he does." "I cannot realise his character, as you and others paint it," said Wingate. "I was his chosen com rade for years when we were hoith young men, and never kmeW a kinder-hearted fellow. He must have greatly changed." "He has, evidently. To hound a poor, weak woman into her grave or the mad- house-no man worthy of (the name of man, let alonie a gentleman, and one with a kind heart, could stoop to such cowardly, such infamous conduct." The warmth with which this speech was deliv ered suggested Ito Wingate that the fascinating Geraldine had nott yet outgrown her fascinations. "I am quite sure," he said, "that my old friend could not stoop to that, however changed. There must be a misundertsanding somewhere. Possibly you are not acquainted with all the circum stances." "Pardon me. Mrs. Desailly has herself done me the honor to confide tire whole matter to me, with out reserve." "I see," murmured Billy, with another look at his wife, who sat out of the discussion as far as her host's politeness allowed. "And I (have the evidence of my own eyes, Mr. Wingate-of her terrible staito of health, tho result of those constant trials. They have so preyed upon a highly nervous constitution that the brain seems to have become incapable of rest. She is a martyr to insomnia in its most acute form." "I am really awfully sorry ito hear it," remarked Wingate, in a commiseralting tone, and with all his wits on the alert. "Yes. She has taken to walking in her sleep wfhen she does sleep-which greatly alarms me. And one doesn't know what to do in such a case, especially in my situation. I am afraid to lock her in, lest she should fall out of the window or have an accident with the candle. She naturally objeclts to have a servant with her at night, and opiates she has a horror of-so have I. I have known the (habit of taking morphia to entirely de stroy aili moral principle and self- restraint. I would rather anyone belonging to me poisoned himself outright than take a single dose of it." "You have really proved the somnambulism?" Wingate queried gently. "Beyond a doubt. I met her on the road a few nights ago, hours alter she had retired to bed-1 was called from mine to attend a dying parisloner -and she told me she had no idea how she had got itJhere. It is a most serious symptom in her case. I have tried to impress this upen her, and to per suade her to seek medical .'tlvioe." "And won't she?" "She wishes Ito give herself ^ fair trial of the country first. She thinks her native air and the peace and quiet of her present life are doing her good, and will soon restore heir altogether. I am bound to say I don't. I think the disorganisation of the nervous system increases daily. Indeed, if lier husband does not come very soon, I must send for him, or else for a good doctor, for my Own .saltisfaction." "Does ehe expect her husband soon?" . . "Any day. Buit lie ls rather an erratic persan, aa perhaps you know. I proposed to fetch her daughter ito keep her company, but she won'it hear of lt. She thinks iit bad for the child to be shut up with a nervous Invalid. Perhaps it is. But I am sure it is advisable to (have someone to slay with her. It would relieve me of much respon sibility, and keep her from brooding and fronting so' much." "I should insist upon iit," said Wingate, "if I were you. By the way, you don't think she may have taken the clothes line herself, when walking in her sleep?" "Oh, no; certainly not. Slio wais awake and looking from the window when she saw the thief, and ithat was one of her batter nighifn. But. last, night she must have been out again. We did not hear her moving, but my housekeeper raays lhere is no doubt about it. She judges by the state of her clothes and shoes. And she scemis this morn ing to be prostrate wi Uh exhaustion, though ¡she stayed in tho house all yesterday." "I should certainly get a doctor at once," said Wingate, rising, "and make him insist on lier being watched at night. Your housekeeper looks a ladylike person; Mrs. Desailly could not object: to her having a bed in her room, under the circum stances. But the best thing, of course, would be to send for her husband to come and take her home." "I cannot be inhospitable," the poor rector fal tered, "if tihe change of air is really doing her any gool But-well, I must, talk mattem over with her when she gets up." "And pray command me, if I can be of any use," said Wingate. "As an old friend, you know-" "Oh, thank you, thank you! Where are you staying? Won't you take lunch with me? Pray do-you and Mrs. Wingate-and perhaps Mus. De* sailly might then be well enough to come down. She will be deeply disappointed, I am sure, to miss seeing you. Everything connected with her happy girlhood is so intensely interesting to her. And I should like to show you the church and the im* provoments I have made. You will find things looking very different from what they were In poor old Balcombe's time." The visitors pleaded the pressing nature of their business with the squire's agent, which turned the conversation upon the burglars, tihe ghost, and con tingent matters, delaying their departure for ano ther half-hour. But. engagements were entered into for an exchange of hospitalities when conve nient, while the rector walked with them to his garden gate, gathering flowers for Nettie by the way; and before separating cordial offers of assist ance in their respective difficulties were provision ally accepted on both sides. Aß Wingate shook hands with Qiis new friend, promising to call again later to report progress in tho affair of the rope, he saw a face in an upper window, peeping from be hind a blind. While he tried to draw Nertie's at tention to it, it disappeared. "But I know that profile," he said, when they were again upon the road, "and I see the whole thing as clear as day. It isn't burglars-iit's some fight going on between Walter and her-T should imagine for the possession of sometJhing he's got locked up alt The Chase. Compromising docu ments, perhaps. Well, though it doeisn't seem exactly chivalrous, and though I don't owe him any service, but quite the contrary, I am going to be on Walter's side. And we'll stop here. Nattie, if you have no objection, till we get through with the affair." "Oh, I have no objection," Nettie cried heartily; "far from it! T wouldn't go away now for fifty pounds. I never was so interested in anything in all my life." 