frlCS OF THE WEEK Convention hafl fulfilled the duty pon it, and drawn up what seems to adequate constitution for the Federal ment. It has shaped the measure to meet the present situation, and Attempted to foresee and provide circumstances which are at present j l\vn. A few members of the Cooven pokc and voted as if there was no-1 to be provided against but family quarrelling. They represented a j al party which has hitherto lived ! the turmoil it could evoke out of cits. The true way to make certain ^hall be deadlocks is to encourage one : to consider itself more important [lie other, and to introduce machinery iking a big quarrel out of a little dif This the Convention has wisely jted to do. It is probable that we shall very good Houses-Houses which Jly have no occasion to quarrel* if [ reasonable system of electing the prs is adopted by the State Parlia The silliness of the "ticket" syB as shown itself in the Convention, [a certain "ticket," instead of being . up to, was a good deal looked down [by the representatives of colonies leonducted the elections upon broad pies. The units on the "ticket" who assert themselves because they be to a ticket got frequently snubbed flooked, and none of them were num among the members of the Conven flio exercised an influence upon its "ings. Disinclination has been pro jin some quarters tp accept the Con j>n because the colonies have equal Station in the Senate. It is ad [that in the United States, where the ^presentation exists, there have been jealousies-if, perhaps, we except content which led up to the Con " war-and thence it has been ar &t; state rights do not heed to be ied. Precisely the opposite infer ght to be drawn. There has been QPt on the part of the large states ic& to ride rough-shod over the ates, because it was known that the would be futile. So we unay say lat any measure which the Austra Qftte rejects by the vote of the mt 'o£ the states is sure to be one for Australia as a whole, and ? y (if good at all) for localities seek promote their selfish intemta.. F the 37 clamea of subjects on which "et*l Parliament is given power to legislate, the only item, of present import ance is the tariff. In order that there may be free trade throughout the common wealth-an arrangement which should prove of great advantage to Melbourne, and bring back to it some of the business and much of the prestige it has lost-it is necessary to have a uniform tariff. Such a tariff to give general satisfaction, and exclude grounds far grumbling, will take some drawing up. It is to be hoped that the men appointed to the task will eDjoy I freedom from button-holing, end that none | of the sccncs which were such a reproach ; to the Victorian Assembly when it last ! handled the Customs duties will ever be witnessed when the Federal Parliament meets. Another difficult question ta de cide is what town or city shall be the federal capital. The Federal Parliament is to decide it. Is the Federal Government to quarter itself in some large city, where it will be dominated to some extent by local feeling, or to settle in the wilderness, where it will be beyond the reach of health giving press criticism? Without doubt much of the jobbery which has been prac tised in the United States owes its success to the fact that both the National and lue State Legislatures meet in small towns, where there is nothing surrounding them j but official opinion. Washington is a city of civil servants, hotelkeepers, and negroes. | On the other hand, some of the most glaring municipal corruption has been practised in densely populated cities like New York or Philadelphia, and easy- going indifference must be an Ajnerican charac teristic. Now and again the American people do rouse themselves, but between the outbursts each man seems too busy with his awn affairs to get angry over legis lative misdoings. We dwell in a climate of our own, and have ways of our own, and might not take things so coolly. At the same time, a Federal Par liament meeting in an out of the way town might far want of an alert environment become pig-headed. It is a new departure in railway manage ment to have the authorities announcing not only the closing of a line but the start ing of a cab service to perform the duty which the railway has hitherto been carry ing on. Yet that is the pass things have come to on the little that is still left open of the Outer Circle railway. Upwards of 20 years ago, the Outer Circle railway was a departmental fad that was to do wonders. Mr.Munro, then M.L.A. for Carlton, nearly lost his seat because he was suspected to prefer the Oaldeigh and South Yarra route, which ran through his Armadale estate. The original purpose of the Outer Circle line was to bring the heavy Gippsland traffic through Upper Hawthorn, Colling wood, Fitzroy, Carlton, &c.;, to Spencer street. After the Oakleigh and South Yarra connection was made there remained a gap between Flinders-street and Spencer street, and the Gippsland traffic came to a dead halt, until the plan was hit upon of laying rails in Flinders-street, along which j a signalman walked ringing a bell and! carrying a flag. Trains on the level were soon seen to be a nuisance, so Parliament voted £70,000 or £80,000 for a high level viaduct-an engineering project first thought of by the Hobson's Bay Company in the sixties. All need for an Outer Circle railway was thus done away with, but the north suburban sections had been begun, and so potent was the original influence that Parliament voted the money for the completion of the Outer Circle, as well as for the Flinders-street viaduct, which made the completion of th? Outer Circle line look like an act of deliberate folly. The Outer Circle was one of the lines in the Octopus Act of 1884. Things were j booming then, and though there was no longer any Gippsland work for the Outer j Circle railway to do, it was fondly ima gined that we had only to make suburban lines in order to convert empty paddocks into populous suburbs. The land collapse came just as the experiment of building houses along the Outer Circle route was be ginning. There has been little or no build ing since. Scction by section the depart ment haB been closing up the line, till there is only a little bit left open, and now the department proposes to subsidise cabs at the rate of £200 a year rather than go on losing £2,000 a year by running occasional trains. The department has never made any attempt to encourage settlement and develop traffic. All its reforms have had the opposite effect. It provides a wretched service, and charges very high fares, and then expects people to settle along the line. This was not the old Hob son's Bay Company's mode of "creating" suburbs like Brighton and Hawthorn. A judge has, no doubt, the same right as the ordinary citizen to comment on the verdict of a jury, and say if he likes that the verdict ought to have been guilty in stead of not guilty. But in the case which produced "a breeze in court" last week the peculiar circumstance iB that Mr. Justice Hodges first directed the jury to acquit the accused, and then proceeded to tell him he was guilty. The disinterested on looker is tempted to ask why, if there were facts justifying the judge in saying "I have no doubt in my mind that you committed the fraud with which you are changed," the jury could not be trusted to take such facts into consideration? But there is a well-re membered precedent for the anti-climax. "Not guilty, but don't do it again, has often been laughed at as an example of magisterial dulness, but it is evidently the only formula which fits the occasion when an omniscient mind is able to make good out of its own resources the proofs which are wanting in the evidence. By this means the erring prisoner, though he escapes the meshes of the law, iB prevented from claim ing a triumph over goodness. The present teaches another lesson. If Mr. Ma* well, the counsel for the defence, had not protested against the judge condemning the prisoner before any defence had been offered the judicial censure -would have been brief. But after Mr. Maxwell's in terruption his Honour felt called upon to assert himself, which he did in the most ladylike fashion to the extent of seven warm sentences. His Honour told the de fendant he had Violated the law (notwith standing the verdict that he had not), and that if he came up for that kind of thing again the result would be totally different; which might pass for a Hibernianism, for if the same kind of thing is done in the Bame kind o! way, and there is the Bame kind of proof, shall we not have the same kind of verdict, and a similar ineffectual outburst of judicial temper? Ebullitions of temper are not infrequent in his Honour's court, especially his Practice Court, but the private penitence afterwards voluntarily undergone is, no doubt, as sincere as the public explosion is vehement. Fagin running to the police to report that he believes he has seen some respectable person picking pockets is a sight which will be admired by all who love virtue and hope they discern in the fact promises of re pentance. A smart writer (somewhat easily identified) has been comparing an article about Nansen's book in the "Review of Reviews" for April 20 (issued on April 24) with references to the same subject in "The Argus" of April 10, and as he cannot call the case plagiarising, he suggests that there must have been proof-stealing. The simple-minded citizen may be staggered by such a suggestion. We have heard before now of the New York newspaper cor respondent "stealing" and telegraphing an advance copy of the President's address to Congress, so that it should be .published in New York the day before it could be spoken in Washington. But it can hardly be sup posed that it would be worth any great newspaper's while to "steal" the proofs of a "Review of Reviews" article upon any sub ject whatever. If the "Review of Reviews^ has any complaint to make at being antici pated by 10 days, we presume it will have something to say on the subject next month. What concerns us is not how a magazine article can be plagiarised before it has been published, but who is crying out in the name of public virtue. Such a thing has been known as a delinquent caught in the act trying to divert attention from him self by hinting that respectable people may have been thieving too. A little while ago a leading article in the "Age" contained a passage of unusual brightness. The words and phrases looked familiar, and then it was remembered that the whole passage had been lifted from the "Wit andWisdom of Sydney Smith. There could be no sug gestion in that case of marvellous antici pation, for Sydney Smith's article was written 60 or 70 years ago, and has been ex tant in book form since 18G5. No hint was given by the "Age" leader-writer or the "Age" editor that purloined goods were being palmed off on the public, nor after the theft had been publicly ex posed was any regret expressed for a piece of thieving which ancient Pistol would have been ashamed to commit. If it w not at all clear to the "Age" writer how there come to be traces of similarity between an article in "The Argus" of April 10 and an article in the "Review of Kevjewa of Ar»ril 20, without his being obliged to sup pose that the proofs were stolen, lie may be reminded that clearness of vision is scarcely attainable when the eye happens to be full of motes and beams. Ill-luck attends the Metropolitan Board in its engineering operations. I he coi lansc of the tunnel under the Yarra, at Spottiswoode, caused the loss of severa lives, in specially harrowing circumstances. Now, we have a big iron tube, over 120 vards long, breaking in two wlnle it was being lowered to its bed in the river. The board engineers may deny that they were answerable for the collapse of the tunnel (though we think the fault was theirs) but there is no one on to whose JLlte. they en shift the bkm« ol Sun dav's fiasco. The contractor who made the tubing was willing to take the respon sibility of sinking it to its place, but the engineers declined to trust him, and the 3 to »«»todel a""dT'" whicl. it may anj mm up to thousand pounds or more to set right. On both occasions thmgs to have gone wrong through the Want of scientific imagination imagi natiot to foresee probable failure, and to ESS.«*»t it. -Tta to* faunched into the stream, drawn across, aud held by the nose at each end, with ring, rope, and pulley, an if it were e double heeded bull which would be amenable to the eentlost handling. Being empty and water tight, it floated like a ship. There appeared to be nothing more to do, after Mr. i gibbon had walked backwards and for wards on it, a la Blondin, to show his nerve, but to pour in water and 1let sink. The resistance a cylindrical tuue Zht offer when being asked to descend into such nasty sleeping quarters does not appear to have been taken into full account Thus ft ceremony which) up marked with lenfcy, ^h ^Sab hntArians may consider out of place connection with work of necessity executed on the Lord's day, abruptly ternnnatcdm sadness and melancholy. Preparations had been made for feasting vA drinking, and perchancd for speech-making and toast ins but «W» one had the near to ,tw. *"» d »d which IwSutterA »»i T toltave t**a *»»Ube Trth seeing in print. . -Mr. M'Millan justifies the unfederal [ character of the New South Wales railway j | charges, as enforced in Riverina, by say ing that if differencial rates were not im- j | posed to prevent the traffic from going to: Melbourne (nearest port), and to draw it to Sydney, the long stretches of line which have been laid down to so divert it would not pay. Are they paying at present? It is understood they are hot. Another thing Mr. M'Millan urges is that it is not fair of the Riverina people to think only of cheap and speedy transit, after so much ? has been done for them by erecting court houses, gaols, post-offices, &c.;, for their ac commodation. If this reasoning is sound it follows that Sydney, which has the largest gaol accommodation and the biggest post-office, ought to be content with the blessings it thus enjoys, without wanting to make the interests of the Riverina set tlers subservient to those of Sydney mer chants, wool-sellers, and shippers, who hunger after their custom. . Mr. M'Millan gives 4^ third reason why the' New South Wales Government is entitled to claim sacrifices from the Riverina people. The advantage of .the Sydney connection is so great that it ought to be paid for. "There must be a very intimate connection (he observes) between the people occupying the land and the seat of government, so that even if other things were equal, the advantages of the capital of the province as a port, or as a centre of distribution, would, in many cases, more than recoup producers for any extra haulage within reason which they might have to pay." This way of explaining the position is charming, and the lesson conveyed ought not to be lost on Broken Hill, which, like wise, should cheerfully pay the tribute the capital is entitled to exact. It is some thing to have got the spokesman of the Sydney merchants to admit that Riverina is being made to pay more than it need do for carriage, because Sydney claims the trade. And if the inhabitants of Riverina are a Christian population they will see it to be their duty to make sacrifices for the capital, which, of course, in putting forth these little claims is not moved by instincts which can in any way be con sidered selfish. There is pressing need for the efficient inspection of mail steamers by quarantine officers. At one time persons really infected with small-pox are passed as suffering from disease which is of no consequence. Then it is discovered that there has been a blun der. Sudden and expensive measures have to be taken to hunt up and bring together passengers who ought not to have been permitted to land. At another time the steamship company and some hundreds of travellers are put to vexing inconvenience, because a timid medical officer is afraid to take the responsibility of giving a clean certificate. At present the Himalaya's huge crowd of passengers are in quaran tine, in Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney, and grave doubts are entertained as to whether there was any necessity for tha precautions taken. There was but one case, and it is said not to be small pox at all. The ship was passed at Albany, and stopped at Adelaide. The single patient did not come on to Port Phillip, so medi cal officers here have had no opportunity of deciding whether Albany or Adelaide is right. On the top of the Himalaya in comes the Polynesien. This time the Albany doctor sees small-pox, and with holds a certificate. But when the steamer gets to Adelaide, the case is pronounced to be chicken-pox, and the embargo is withdrawn. So the game goes on. Neitner at Adelaide nor at Port Phillip Heads just now is there a permanent medical officer in charge. The number of experts in small pox in Australia is necessarily small. This is not a country for studying the disease. The Government of Victoria will not ap point a permanent man because Mr. Wil liams (who through some irony of fate kas been made Minister of Public Health) wants to get one cheap. A nominee of the Premier's-doubtless a good man-is doing the work temporarily at £3/3/ a day, or at the rate of £1,000 a year. Mr. Wil liams's maximum is something over £400 a year, and it is said that a deduction will be made for rent of quarters. The Health department is fully alive to the necessity of placing a qualified practitioner in per manent charge (so as to save such outcries as- came up from the Quarantine Station at the beginning of-the week), but what is the good of its making recommendations to a Minister wha has not the soul of . a baby? What is decadence in poetry? The ques tion has been often asked and variously an swered. It has lately been made the sub ject of a lecture by Mr. Courthope, the professor of poetry at Oxford, who, dealing with "Life in Poetry" necessarily refers to the causes of decadence or want of life, and asks "whether the rise of a school of poetry, which is evidently artificial and wanting in force and spring, is'due to a failure in the genius and methods of the poets them selves, or to the failure of vitality and freshness in that section of society to which they belong, or to a diying up of the sources of ideal life in the nation at large?" As the "Spectator" remarks, it may be due to one of these causes, or to all of them combined, but surely that journal makes a great mistake in instancing Byron as a decadent poet as compared with Words worth. If Byron had not been one of the most vigorous and living of poets, who reflected certain aspects of his age more strongly than any other, he would never have become the great force he was in European literature. There never was an age of greater vitality in poetry than the first 20 years of this century in England, an age that produoed half a dozen great poets as unlike one another as Wordsworth, Cole ridge, Scott, Byron, Shelley, find Keats, not one of whom has any of the characters tics of decadence, as they are all possessed of high thoughts, as well a8 wonderful power of expressing them. The most in fallible sign of decadence in poetry, as to the other arts, is poverty of thought and elaboration of expression, and the failure to recognise this feature has led the "Spectator" into some errors. It considers Fletcher's well-known lines in praise of melancholy as decadent, but this is strain ing the meaning of the term. If Fletcher had always written in the same strain he might have been called a decadent. But in this p?em he has simply given ad mirable literary expression to one mood out of many that he has shown himself equally capable of embodying in exquisite verse. Neither is it fair to class William Morris among the decadents, because, as a rule, he preferred in his poetry to isolate himself from the living interests of hia own day, and seek his subjects in the stories of a remote past. There is neither "thinness," that is, paucity of thought, nor over-elaboration of style in the bulk of bis poetiy, though it is often dreamy and want ing in strong human interest. As an in stance of true decadence, we may take the verses of M. Catulle Mendes quoted by, Max Nor dan in his "Degeneration." The poet gives merely a long string of female names, forming a series of melodiously; rhyming lines, and concluding with the line "And I forget the rest." The meaning suggested is, we may suppose, that the poet had had something to do with all these fair creatures, but the poem, though in genious and faultless in versification, is dis tinctly decadent, as it embodies the very, smallest possible modicum of thought or meaning. One of the most striking cases o£ decadence is to be found in the history of Italian painting. Raphael brought the art to its highest perfection, as not only were his pictures perfect in execution, but they always embodied noble subjects and lofty ideas. In the works of the Bolognese School, the Caracci, &c.;, who followed, the execution was academically correct, and the subjects of the orthodox kind, but the life and soul, the nobility and majesty of the great masters, was wanting. Similarly, in a decadent period of poetry, there is a want of vigour and originality, and a ten dency to imitate previous writers. These are symptoms that, with one or two notable exceptions, are rather too characteristic of our own time. The significance of Mr. Percival Lowell's discovery that the planet Venus turns but once on her axis in the course of her annual revolution about the sun is not unlikely to be missed by readers who are so careless in their astronomy as to now aftd then mis take that shining object (when she risea before the sun, instead of setting after him), for the star of Bethlehem-a star which they are in hopes will some day make a miraculous reappearance. The moon always turns the same face towards the earth, and Venus, if Mr. Lowell's facts are right, always has the same face turned towards the sun, so even if Venus has a considerable atmosphere, one side must be ever blazing hot and the other perpetually dark, cold, and drear. It is scarcely conceivable that there oan be life, such as we know of, under such conditions. Daylight that never ends, midday heat that knows no morning fresh ness nor evening cooling, would weaxy the patience out of beings at all corresponding in their nature to the inhabitants of this earth. A race whose intelligence is as highly developed as ours may, it is true, have long since shifted to the boundary line separating light from darkness, and have devised systems of railways for con veying, the population backwards and for wards at intervals of 12 hours from sun light into gloom. But can the gloomy quarter be habitable-must it not be haun ted by everything that is dark and noisome? It gives one the creeps to think whet may be going on in the hemisphere that has not known daylight for millions of years. And yet, if there are living souls in the lit-up regions, it is just such perpetual darkness and intense cold that they must be longing for. People who have lived long at Johan nesburg get so weaiy of the never-changing blue sky that it is positive joy to them to go home and revel in a London fog. The one fear we have respecting Mr. Lowell's dis covery is the bad use which the bright and hot side of Venus may be put to by persons who wish to revive belief in a materia# Sheol-the sunlit'surface of Venus must be a great deal hotter than Nebuchadnezzar's burning fiery furnace-while the dark side will be claimed by spiritists as the abiding place of the ghosts (communicated with through the medium of table-rapping, &c.;) for whom hitherto they have been utterly at a loss to find a location. 