[CopimOHT.] TALES OF OUTLAWS. VIVID AND REALISTIC PICTURES'™'PAST. Selectedfrom the Diary and, the ■ Correspondence of an Old Colonist. THE -GRIM CAPE OUT LAWS. / . (W SEVEN PARTS.) PART IL \- Phillips car ried a pistol, -and with the strength ai despair efforts were made to get at' it, but without avail. A dark mist swam before his eyes and soon the struggles of the strangled man became jess.. - No t so the grip of Stuart. For the time lie was a maniac, and the one idea which possessed him with such terrible persistence was to kill the man whose throat he clutched. . It was nearly ten minutes later when Hodgson, with one of the assigned ser vants and his daughter, came with lights to search the garden ia quest of Phillips, and only then did die tall form of Stuart rise up from the ground and look about. The figure on .the ground was motionless, and the black ened features, -wide-open, staring eyes and protruding tongue told but too surely the fate which had overtaken Constable Phillips. '"Stand there, you scoundrel, or PH. fire. Til put a bullet through your un worthy carcase if you attempt to run away I", cried Hodgson as he 'advanced to the spot and thought the figure he saw wasthat of Phillips. The motionless man was silent, and as the settler flashed the light on his race he did not at first recognise him. The close-cut- hair and shaven face, made a very great difference in the ap pearance of Stuart, but as soon as Amy' saw his face she knew who it was. Al most at the. .same moment the dark, figure on the ground was- noticed, and: after kneeling beside it for a few seconds the setder rose and said— "This is a bad job, Stuart The fellow is dead, and I suppose you have done it This means death to you if caught, and I'm sorry you let us see you here. Get away as quickly as you can unless you wanttoruin us also." " Ah, I forgot about that 1" exclaimed Stuart, waking as though from a leth argy. ".Of course, what a fool I am. What can 1 do to prevent harm now ? He deserved death, you know, and I'm not sorry my hand dealt it out, but I see how. awkward it will be for you, Mr. Hodgson. Ill give myself up and that will save you." ? "You will not Why should you place yourself on the hangman's bands for a wretch like that? If you have any regard for me, don't do what you : say." It was Amy Hodgson who spoke, and her demeanour showed how firm she wasin the resolve. Her eyes fairly blazed with determination and she cast a contemptuous glance at the still form on the 'grass.. There was neither re gret nor compunction in her manner. "You must save yourself, and I will give you all the help possible. Perhaps you will be able to get away from the colony, and in the meantime can you not get a safe retreat in the ranges. You know that great Tier in the Eliza beth Singe well, and I will try,and j keep you in food," the girl said,'coming to his side and whispering to him. The love of life was strong in the < breast of die young man,' and be speedily realised that-it would not be' wise to surrender 'without a struggle ; He knew the ranges well, , but the soli-; tude of the life which he-must follow was more feared,by him than human foes. Even at .the moment he recol-' lec ted about Ayers, and a desperate re solve entered hU mind! The assigned servant hkd been at once sent bade to, the house by the girl, and he could trust , her and her father to the ut most,'' . " I will take to die bush," heat length said, "but I must try and get my ftiend at the station-to go . with me. If I put on the cap and jacket of this fellow," looking down at the..body of Phillips, " Imay be ableto'carry ont a plan have formed to liberateAyers. Atony: rate, it is worth trying, and even if I i fail there will hot.be much lost Better the scaffold than ft solitary life in the bush; afraid to go to sleep lest capture overtake one..' It will be best for you to say that I killed this man, Hodgson. - If not, suspicion may point to yon and the slm'ation will'be made worse. You can statp that j escaped. It.will be better for all pf -nsi" ,' Thesettlerwas certainly in anawk . ward position . \He did not cleady see whaf;:iwiis*;^est to be done at the moment.' There was no doubt his own position was not an enviable One. It went-.against, his grain : to tell "the authc^^'-i^i^JCbuies ; Stuart.had murdered Phillips, and if he did not do so suspicion would point to himself. The body beingfound in his garden 1 aftertbe msult tp his daughter, and die \ well-kriownfact that he (Hodgson) had dencMnaaed die constable a imonth pre !,Xt,sabadcase,hhesmd,in a help s Stilt ef a way. " Why didn't you did keCP - yoar hands off, or stop jtte lend? ^thing but trouble and rain will come . ^ Yon must get nwayat suppose Til have to go to ijihdtdl die authorities die i rivemetwo hours.' Will you ?" t will jbe enough," the young . lied., J'By that. time I will be' _ inder ipde ttnd key or. starting for tnbusb." Then'in'a lower voice he cpoe to .the'gtri, die purport of the convocation being his visit to die station and also a request that she would prepare him—if he returned—a (ew articles of clothing, some food, tinder-box, and other useful things for a bush life. It was some time before the father and daughter left him, but as soon as they did Stuart removed the uniform jacket and cap from the dead man and donned them. He also took the pistol and ammunition, and though the coat was rather small for him, it was not very noticeable at night. The daring scheme which he proposed to put into execution was of the most desperatP nature. It might work, but. the chances were terribly against it unless the offi cials at the station were neglectful. The young man meant' to personate Constable Phillips, though he was not at all like the dead man. Stuart had a pretty fair knowledge of the station and its regulations, and he meruit to turn it to . account At night few of the con stables were on duty as the warders had the felons under lode and key. A por tion of Phillips's duty was to go round the cells and dormitories about nine o'clock and see that everything was safe. As a rule he did the work alone, and the keys were given to him for the purpose by the chief warder. Without delay Stuart made away from Hodgson's farm to the station, which he reached in about an hour. Walking boldly to the outer office he asked the warder, in a voice not unlike that of Phillips, for the keys as he wanted to take his usual round They, were handed to him without a word, and then the young man directed his steps towards the prisoner's barracks where, of course, <be great danger would be: The first difficulty which confronted him was the locale of bis friend, Ayers. Of course through the machinations of the dead constable, the convict after his punishment had been removed from the position of servant and placed in 9ne of the gangs. That induded his transference from the hut to the main barracks which were rather extensive. . Cuck was decidedly on the side of' Stuart A couple of warders were in the long room, but not a constable was to be. seen. As the latter would, of course, know Phillips at a glance their absence was almost providential, and, with more than usual assurance, Stuart began operations, tine after another the doors were opened, and his keen glance wandered around in search of Ayers. In the third dormitory the convict was found.and in a low tone Stuart told him to dresB and follow him as the chief wanted to see him. _ The first look which the convict gave was enough to satisfy him of the identity of his visitor, or rather to give him the impression that the constable was no other than Stuart. He considered that his former friend had joined the official ranks, and a sense of satisfaction filled him as he reflected that be would have at least one man at the station who would treat him lairlv. Leading the convict out the massive door was shut, bolted and locked and. the trap thrown open. Walking boldly up the long room with Ayers following, the two warders were passed and the barracks left The keys were left with the chief warder, and then the two men headed in the direction of the officer's quarters. When a sufficient distance had been traversed Stuart extinguished the light, and said— " I suppose you know me, Ayers 7" " Yea What does this move mean ?" came the answer. "That you are free to escape, if you care to. ' I've killed Phillips and mean to take to the bush. Will you go with me?" The proposition was a rather startling one, and ninety-nine men out of a hun dred would have refused acceding to the request. The life of a bushranger was scarcely a whit better than that of a convict, and often it was far worse. It usually led to the grave, and unless a man had potent reasons for making such a change he rarely took the step. There was no hesitation, however, about William Ayers. His mind was formed in a moment "Yes," he answered, chivalrously, " 111 go with you. I can't be worse off in the bush than here, and I'm glad .you're put that scoundrel out of the way. You have saved me the Job," Ayers fiercely concluded. . " Let lis get down' by the wharf and then cut across to the farm of Hodg son. I've made arrangements to get a swag there, and it is on our way to the Tier. We'll not be noiiced along the river-side, and you must geta change as soon as possible." In .five minutes the two men were clear" of the station, and one. of. the simplest yet boldest escapes ever planned and carried but on. the island had been achieved. Of course it gave rise to an official scandal and:" Ayers's Escape," ias it was termed, was the means of completely altering certain of the.regulatiohs.iti the discipline of the prisons. Attired in the convict clothes as he was, carehad to be taken by Ayers not to be seen, bnt . the risk, was a slight one as the two men" speedily left the station behind and headed for Hodg son's farm. It wias reached within .the hour, and the settler was found on the point of taking his departure for the station. It would be hilly two hours beforehe would return, and that was considered quite sufficient start for the fugitives. The settler did hot remain many moments with the two but set off on his hateful mission. Miss. Hodgson had not been Idle since her sweetheartieft, though her heart misgave her that he would not re turn. . He had briefly told her of his in tention, and-hie idea seemed hopeless to cany to success.. Gloomy as the future was hie girl could scarcely re press her joy as the tall figure of Stuart strode bp to the homhstead, and she was amnwwl to see that die convict, who was supposed to be under lock and key, was with bim. A change of clothes was got in a few minutes, and then the two swags which had been prepared Were brought put. There was food enoughto last nearly a month with that which could easily be obtained in the bush. Two muskets and a plentiful supply of ammunition were handed to Stuart, and with the other articles quite a suitable kit was gathered. " X will see you this day fortnight at the • Black Falls,' near the Tier, and bring you further supplies," the girl whispered to Stuart "Be very careful, or they may follow you. You must be as cunning as a fox," said the man. "I don't see how they can suspect me, but I will take care not to lead any one to you. Perhaps X may be a day or two later than I say, but you'll know there is good cause for the delay . if it should occur. You must get away now, or danger may oome," Amy said, and in a few moments the fugitives were leaving the farm-house and heading due west The three assigned-servants were well disposed towards Stuart who when working with them had shown every kindness that lay in his power. In fact only one ot them was aware of the whole particulars relating to the tragedy of the night and he was not disposed: to be loquacious on the subject He would rather far. have assisted the young man to escape than have led the pursuers on his track. It was nearly eleven o'clock when Hodgson reached the station, and the commandant was considerably aston ished at the story he bad to tell "Why, inan," he said, " Phillips was on duty an hour of so since. How could he have been killed when you say? There must be some mistake. Here, Stevens, go and tell Sanders I. want him." Sanders was the head-gaoler, and j that official informed his chief that Phillips had paid tbe usual visit of ex amination about half-past nine and te- j moved one of the prisoners. "Removed one of-the prisoners, 1 eh! Who gave him authority to do that? Who did he remove?" asked tbe chief, suspiciously. "No. £41, sir. I concluded he bad authority from you as he generally has, and, of course, did not interfere as I; had no right to do so," answered the j head-gaoler. I " You should have seen the order at all events. I don't quite make this out Hodgson here says Phillips was killed to-night about eight o'clock, and if so, it was his ghost you must have seen." " I didn't see him myself, sir. Wilks and Jones saw him." "Send them to me at once. There is something wrong. Don't delay a minute 1" exclaimed the commandant In a very short time the two turnkeys were in the presence of their chief, and when they began to explain the per sonal appearance of the supposed "Phillips" the head of the civil de partment jumped to his feet, with a half suppressed oath, and started to pace up and down the office in no aimable frame of mind. "Who do you suspect of killing Constable Phillips ?" he asked Hodgson at last. ' " I am sowy to say I suspect no one, for I know who the murderer is. That misguided Stuart killed him. We caught him just after the constable was dead, but ,he got away before we quite knew all that had happened," answered the farmer, reluctantly. "Ah! That is pretty smart work. Why, he only got out of gaol this after noon. What was Constable Phillips doing at your place, Hodgson ?" asked the chief . " I don't know, sir. My daughter was coming through the garden about dusk when he intercepted her and be haved very badly. He wanted to force her into promising to become his wife, but she managed to get away from him and ran screaming to the^house.' Her: cry must have attracted the attention of j Stuart, for. when we searched the place i with lights to try and secure Phillips j we found, the'constable dead and my{ late workman standing over the body. ] He did not deny his guilt, but made off as quickly'as possible, and I knew it would be Useless to attempt his capture myself," replied the settler: "Yes;.he is a powerful ruffian and your life' would not be worth much if you came to close-grips with him. He cannot get far away, and we'll soon runhim down. But who conld have, come here to-night under the guise. of Phillips ? Why, surely to goodness the scoundrel would not have bad the cool daring and cheek to personate thecon stable and liberate Ayers? Yet, con fusion! it must be. Of course, I see it now. He was sailing in the same; boat with the convict and wanted com pany in the bush. Well, it is the coolest thing I have ever heard ofi: and there will be a deuce of a row when the news gets.to headquarters. What on earth were you fellows thinking about not to know whether of not it was Phillips you saw in the long room? You know be has a beard and the man to-night had not;" he added; turning to the turnkeys. " He might have shaved during the day, sir, and we don't know the con stables very well. Indeed, we -had no suspicion.at all. He had the master keys/and that was proof enough for us, sir. Besides, he had on uniform," te plied One of the men. • \- "Uniform, eh 1 Where could he get that?" queried the chief. "He might, have returned to the body of Phillips and taken some of his clothes while I - *a* - getting wady to comehere,^img»e5ted Hodgson This was quite possible and probable the comtpandant saw, and as action was necessary a party.was at once fitted out and oldened to proceed to die settler's place. . This was under the command of Henry, and the partly stripped body of the constable was proof that the missing uniform bad been -used to effect the liberation of convict S4t, named in the register William Ayers. {to. be continued.) 