Short Story. The Minister's Ghost Story. " Good-night, balms I M'lvor, sou that tlioy a' Rans to bed at a reasonable hour, and dlnna «it lip Into .vessel'. The morn's the Fa si Day, mind, and yo've to preach." wicii inese worus mv iwv. M'Kliinon took hto eamllc, and beamed round on the eompauy. "Good » night, air! Good .night, father T\ they responded, with' much deference. No, we won't «ta.v up late:"- . The door closed, and the old penile man's footsteps wore heard ascending the stairs. " Now,, Mr. M'lvor," said one of the girls, ..eagerly, "remember your pro raise." " Certainly Miss Janet," answered lira gentleman. rising with much gravity. "I Intend to sit a few minute later my self/ hut I promised to see the rest of you off. I am glnd,"-he enntlnned. pro ceeding lo light the candles, "that Miss Janet should he the one to .call me to a sense of " " Fiddlesticks," said .Timet, n tntt. hrlpht-faced girl In a dress of soft ' crimson, which suited her ndmlrahly. She was sitting on a low stool before the fire, trying to shield' lier flushed cheeks from the blaze with a huge erituson Japanese fan. " Don't he a humbug. Mr. M'lvnr : you know, what I mean— that gliost story, you promised to tell tie." " Do tell it. Mr. MTvor !" "Pd ratlier hear ahout pirates," said Hobby M'Klnrinn, n schoolboy of 12. "Ghosts aro such awful rot." " Then you can go to hod," retorted Janet " I'll do nothing of the kind." said Hobby, much Insulted. ,x Go to hod yourself." ;v: ' '' : - " Ton may remain If yon behave your self." said Janet, surveying him calmly. " Mr.: M'lvor, T shan't leave , the room until yon have told that, story." "Is It the will of the company that, their young blood he frozen nrnV curdled In dnvkness ? It is a real ghost. 'remem ber." " TTow delicious,?' murmured one of the girls. "Very well. ""Don't blamemelf yon enn't sleep to-night." He extinguished the lamp as he spoke, and resumed Ills sent The firelight nlnyod on his dark face, nnd he looked with his spare form. thin, keen features, and grent hollow eyes like a Unmlsh priest-, worn out with fasting nnd pennnee. There was a pause/ driving which the company snt silent nnd expectant 'and the young minister gazed at the fire as If fascinated li.v something he saw there. At last he drew'n long breath. - "You knew what second sight Is." he began, turning his melancholy eyes en Joey Keith, the girl who thought 'real ghosts delicious. She shuddered slightly, _ ; " T possess that doubtful gift»":ho went «n In ft quiet, serious, voice.: " Appari tions, ghostly "coffins, shadows; , of funerals— all those things I lihve seen, often, In my own parish. . >Mhny times T have heard- the tapping of hammers and sawing of. woortJn.the.icarpenter'S; shop after his day's work, was done, tolling that death wns-.eomlrig. ; Three nights before a death-ithe' sounds >nre heard— It never .falls."/, .v J? -;?& .-V . . The speaker paused. and -bis audience shivered and sat .ndittle , clpserJ "It Is .1uRt n. year.slriceil. wenf ' to nreach for Alexander - of.' r-Hrtrristrhe. There Is nothing at'nll suggestive of- tlie uipernntnrnl .about either /lilrn' or hie vifc, hut themnnse was big mid eerie, fall of draughty corridors i-n rid ' >wlde 'tnlreases. It.hnd hqen nn-.old mansion, "nd there was/a story connected., with 't. Alexander srilfl. hut hq would hot tell It that night. -. /Wo snt. .talking over old college days, ho rind I, until long past midnight. Then'- we \\-1it" our candles. >nd Alexander led the way to mv room. T should have l'nirl difficulty In'flnrilng Hie way myself, for it was up n wide staircase nnd along a corridor with a number of doors on either side. I trod softly, fearing to disturb the household, hut Alexander assured me the caution was unnecessary. T was alone in that uart of the house. T am not a nervous man,, but T;. should -.ha vo prcforyed one or two neighbours. , ,Myf'room was at! the very, end' of the enrrijJoi— a" ctieefmi' ,nnnrtment!by1flny/;when 'the sun 'shone In. but at that hour. wltbHhe moonlight easting strange, shadows, on evorvthlng,: It was eerie, . t„y "I said good-might to ..myr host.- and retired to my reit when I hlhd convlnced myself that a certain \suspIcloiis-looklng shadow on; the- lawn was enneed by a tree. - I was not nt nll;slecpy ; so after a time I.iat np,,)H the candle that stood on a small table,. by.. the. bedside. , and began to look over 4my sermon. ; Then I selected the Pan 1 ms' to b e' s ri ri c. r an d had Just fixed on throe; when T:f cirri sudden rush of /cold n1r.; and looked -tip. As surely as T. am sitting here— as surely as .von nre listening — . Inn M'lvor raised .ills thrind Impres sively nnd looked round ; with .an un earthly light In his eyes." "The door opened slowly, amir a .womnn glided- In.-' Joey: Keith ohrlokednndi hid' her -face «n Janet's/shoulder. I, thought X had. locked the door ; but evidently. I. was mistaken, and I concluded that thtflwiis one of Mm maids walking In hor'sleep. T lay. bnek on' my pillows riiuH watched the Intruder,, hardly daring towbrenthc lest. she should turn .and, se&;me,:.for. the thought of her suddenly 'wnklng and finding herself In my- room was eni-' bnrrnsslng. Then ln'a" moment the truth flashed upon mo, for, In the, clear moonlight . I .saw-ihdr"p!alnl£',i!,'l had drawn uip the hllnd j and- whllo'iny'bed was: in shadow, ) by 'the i window 1t I was : almost nm light as .day. : This was no servant Her -long; beaullful Jialr was unbound, rippling in golden ".waves' below .her waist .Her. dress 'was loorid and flowing,' ofcsorae shimmering white stuff— it ralndod- me lof -'. White/i samite.- . mystic, .wonderful,'. Once shQj, turned lier face: towards me-m beautiful. face, hut pale and drnwn 'witli angulshi rind the. eyes wide 'with horror.' THied' to move or sponk, but Jlrabs and tongue1 were paralysed, She monnod plteouslv and wrung her hands fi then, to my , horror, glided to the window and.threiV It open with a terrible cryit There was an answering cry— the walllrig'of a little child outside. The woman threw out her arms with a despairing gesture,-' and the loose sleeves. fell back, disclosing their exquisite shapeliness. She would have flung herself from the window, but was held back— the horror of It— by'n hand. I saw it distinctly, ''and a- shadowy arm, nothing: else.; - frtliinfcil- realised then something of .what -Bel- shnzzar must have felt when he.saw, the Angers that wrote— mene, tokel. t'up- harain . 1 ' : 'Then the moon went under a cloud" —and Iau's voice sunk to a whlaper- "1 saw that .ni.v., candle was burning with a blue flnuie. M.v lmlr stood on end. I would have given all 1 possessed (o And myself in the study downstairs, but I could neither move hand nor foot, and If I could, who knows what I might have seen In that lone corridor. Those empty rooms— I dared not pass, them;! I lay back helplessly watching that tragedy of bygone days. "There was another "awful try. and again there .came the . pitiful. < walling, from outside, fainter than . before, -ami dying away in the .distance. To. this day. when I read of Kaehel incoming for her children, .thai er.v rings !n;my ears. There seemed to he n struggle, the window wa< forcibly closed, the woman sank cu the flow with hands clasped and the beautiful face' upturned Jn agony. Then the moon shone mif, and slowly the vhlon faded." There was a Mug silence when Ian had llnlshed speaking. Then Janet SpOKC.: . i, " AVho. was she,.?. What was. her story, Mr. M/Iycr 7" "Alexander told mo. the. story next, day. Margaret KUiat of Harristvae. a beautiful ami h gh-splrlted girl, fell In love Avlth and secretly ' married her brother's tutor. V.'hen ; the marriage1 was riiscovrt'ed : he was- in..Kd!iihiirgh preparing u home for his wife, and on his return there .was a terrihln.scene. for Mrs. Billot, was another Taidy Asli- ton. 'She told him 'that hls: wlfehad been sent to a Freneh ennverit/ and the poor fellow, mad with grief,: went nhroad In search of . her. It was a, false hood, .of course. Margaret never. left ''"other's house alive, nor little child was tnKon away one night, and Margaret In despair tried to throw herself , from the window of that very room I slept in. She died soon ncter of a. broken heart. It all hap-; liencd loug ago— last century.. I believe,!! 11 V ,?.r " said Joey, softly,'' ' . I liked that bit about, .the - caiuile burning bine," said Janet poitslvelv ; it made me creep." -1 . " I, should Hke to see a ghost, " -said Bohbj'. . - "ITusb!" said Ivor, holding up . a warning hand. " MHiat is Hint,?" ric-pat. pit-pat, cnine the sotiiul of soft footsteps on the stair. Tlie girls looked at- each other fearfully/ and Hobby turned very pnle.; Ian , grasped the . poker with one hand and- threw his other arm protectlngly rouud .Janct rit-pat, pit-pat. Tt was coiri1ng"nenrer. Bang l tvy Joey screamed, and fell fainting br inns arms, lie rose, gently deposited nor on the couch, nnd opened the door. Something flew past with a wild cry. Bobby .howled, thinking hie hour was conic. "Who is than?" inn demanded, sternly. "M'lvor, is that you ?" said a quaver ing voice from the darkness. " Angels and ministers of grace de fend us ! A light. Ian, quick !" ex claimed Ivor, bonding over a heap at flic foot of the stairs. .'rip; dropped tlio; poker nnd struck a light and Janet followed him Into the passage. " Oh l" she ejaculated In dismay. It was the.Hev. Dougald M'Klnnon, Innlghtcnp nnd dressing-gown, with an extinguished taper In one hand, a stick In the. other, and a large japanned .tea- trny on the top- of;hlra. They helped tlie old gentleman to his feet, and -tobk -Jilm . into the room , to .recover, '. -v.-. t "J rlgliti bairns," he said, when ho /had been revived with a mouthful of whisky. / . . .. /."Whatever brought you downstairs, father ?" asked Janet, hovering over htai alTcotlonately with the bottle. -."I heard yolcoe, my denr, and thotipli t it: was bnrulars. Then,, when T got to the foot of the stair I tripped .on the cat and knocked over tbe tray." >' "The; cat ! Tlint neebnnts for Hie awful yell, " sn Id Ian. ; I dldn't ltnow whether ,'it was , Bobby , 'or' the ahost" Where Is Bobby ?".vshid. Janet, look- .Inpr round. "Joey, dear, wnke tip i- Thfe"'shost Is bnylnR some whisky, ' and yon had better liaye some: too." " . " Ghost I" , repeated v JI'KInno'n., I wonder ye bnvena malr sense, .Tanet. Hh I What's that ? There's a man behind the curtain, MTvor." exclaimed the old sentlcmnn, pointing with prent excitement to the crimson, t 'damask, which appeared to be mneb njrftnted. "There Is some one there." replied Inn, deliberately rising nnd going to the window. There wns a bowl from behind the curtain as he proceeded to tinmnsk the mfllnn;- 1 Tt wns the valiant Bobby, .crouched tn a corner, with his lingers In hlRcars. " Boliby, I What d'ye mp.an bv sic like cantrips?" demanded' his "father,' in dignantly. iBobby exclaimed with h scarlet' hottm' tennnce that he thnnght it wns one' of'' Mr. 'M'lyor's coffins, and that he felt a natural rolnctance to occupy it pre- mntnrely. "Coffins! The Saddle's, dreaming," said the old igentlemjui; sedhdnllsedJ " What wny are ye no in bed: Bobby 7 "I congrntnlnte. yon on the ; sneceso of y«mi\ story.; Mr. M'lvor,' said , Janet, "Ton have frightened' everybody Into flts." 1 'i'".' "I wonder :nt ye,' MTvor,' and the morn tlio Fast Day," said the old minis ter, In a .tone of mild reproach. .. "They would have it, sir," said Ian, npolngetlcnlly, : "Never 'mind, "father," (said .Tanet 'smelly,' '"we'll 'do penance to-morrow — 'we'll all go, twice, to chnrch." "Te've mnckle need," wns the dry response. ;"WIvbr. light the candles .— T'n.sCe'ye a' oot. this time." Tan' 'otibvod. 'and the procession formed and filed out of the room;! headed, by . tUo., .old gentleman 'and: '.Bobby— the .latter, .much subdued; ' : 7 Wo only want stirpllceset'looleTike' a procession' of /pHests arid acolytes,", said -'.Tanet -'lllrighlngly. " Don't ' yon feel llke- one/Inni?.'.'. 7 Not , I," . .lie; replied, promptly. " T wouldn't., bo (ii.Boman CnthOlIc priest Hinder" existing.'; circumstances"— bo .looked atbTnnet— ' for any consldnra- ttioa."- .-S ; .Tanet tnrnedoroiind Impntlentl.v. : "Como alo'ng„.Tooy, It's time you wore In lied with that, white face. Mr. MTvor, , T 'liope"' we shan't dronm of the -golden-haired rMargnret." > - ' I "Ii.hope.aiot,; Miss Janet.", he; replied,, wltli.ajsmile,,, ",Gp(id-nlght,, Mte3 -Toey'i —then ill, a. lower, tone—1 ".tlie lady of my dreams" will "'not ' hrivo . gbldcri: .-tresRes." ,i:ii-'-'' - oi-rr l l,.- ,-i'l-a It would have beeniunreasonabiri.ito! complain, just, .tlion,;of .MiHSiICeltlria.lack, of cdlour. - , ,. . , a . Good-nlglit. Mrl'MTvori'' she' saiil.' with a sndden, lovely- smile. -' " I shall never; as' long as 'I live; forget -this' night or your story; or-rr-", i.e. , "Or wlint. Miss .Joey ,?, No, not tllli yoti llnisli your sentence!" for, she. wits' trying 'to regain possession of hcr hlind.'. : , Slie '. looked round, ' -hnlf-tidglileriod; iThey. wdre quite nloncon the lauding.;,,, "Or yon!" , i, Tlieijyords, tycro, hardly nuditilD;.,. But .Tooy had vanldied.-.-lty J. Strong, In tlio " People's, Friend.."' 