The Re-union ot the Churches* At the Lambeth Conference, one of the commit tes which reported, examined the problem ot' church unity, and on the question of a possible re union between the Anglican Communion and other Christian Bodies, other than the Eastern and Roman churches, re-aiopted the ba3is agreed upon at the Conference of 1888 as that on whioh approach may be made to Homo ro-union. Namely — recog- UlLiUU UL 1.UO aa UUllMIUUIg 811 things necessary to salvation and aa being the rule and ultimate Btandard ot faith; acknowledgment of the Apostles' Creed, as tho baptismal symbol, and of the Nicens Creed aa the Buffie.ient statement, of tho Christian faith ; acceptance of tho two Sacra ments ordained by Christ Himself, and ministered with unfailing ubb of Christ's words of institution and of the elements ordained by Him ; the historic episcopate locally adapted in the methods of its administration to the needa of the nations and peoples called of God into the unity of His church. The committee went on to show why it could not do more than reaffirm theee positions as a basis for conference : that its believed that the church had been entrusted with a part of the catholic and apostolic inheritance bequeathed by the Lord and held the trust foe millions who speak the , language of England in every land; and that the Church of England possessed aa it were a 'power of combining antigo nistic aubBtancea, The committee was unwilling to surrender, the elements of the peculiar strength and attractivenes9 of the Anglican system— its quiet adherence to truth, it] abstinence from need less innovation, its backbone of historical con linnifi? Vo+. flifl PttmmikfcOf* oo.ro rvn feV»o n1/-vn.4st-? sky some tokens of the coming dawn, in the acccptablenesB it was believed to other communions of the first three bases for conference named above. The historic episcopate it was confessed raised grave difficulties, but it waa hoped, having refer ence to what was being considered in Scotland in connection with orders, that even these difficulties were removable. The Committee saw in the Divine purpose of unity an authority for continued working for it, and in' the conditions of the church and spiritual world an encouragement to work. It is concluded that the circumstances of Christendom are rapidly producing a condition which is antagonistic to separation. Such as — larger and more liberal views of the interpretation of Scripture; movements which correct and enlarge men's knowledge of primitive church history ; the over throw of metaphysical Bystems which 'depraTC and discolour tho attributes of God ; belief in and love of the living, ascended Christ, giving earnestness and beauty to Christian worship ; thought critical, ethical, aesthetic — these things are bringing about the condition in which union will be as natural as disunion has been for some centuries. And then the report goes on in these words : '* In this re newed spirit of unity we trust that our beloved Church will have a full share. Wo speak ai brothers to these Christian brothers who are sepata I ted from us. W e can aBsure them that we fail not ia love and respect for them. We aiknowledgn with a full heart the fruits of the Holy Ghost produced by their lives and labours. We remember the fa et, so glorious for them, that in evil days they kept up the standard at once of family virtue, and of life hidden with Christ in God. We can never forget that lessons of holiness and love have bsen written on undying pages by members of thoir communions, and tbat the lips of many of their teachers have been touched with heavenly fire. \7e desire to know thorn better — to join with them in works of charity. We are mors thau willing to prevent need less collisions or unwiaa duplication of labour. We ? know that many among them are praying like many of ourselves that the time may be near for the fulfil ment of the Master's prayer that 'tbey aU may be one.' Surely in the unseen world there is a pulia tion of joy among the redeemed; some my Bterione . -word haa gone forth among them that Christ s aita^ still oh earth, long broken into fragments by bitter dissensions, ia stirred by a divine impulse to regain the loving brotherhood of the Church's youth. May we labour on in the deathleBS hope tbat, while in the past unity without truth has been destruc tive, and truth without unity feeble, now in onr day truth and unity combined may ba strong enough to subdue the world to Christ ; and tha Muae of the Church's history may no longerbe hats but love. May He grant us (in Bishop Jeremy Taylor's words) 'united principles, reconciled hearts, and an external communion in his own good season.' Time ripens, thought softens, lore has & tender subtlety of interpretation. Controversy in the past has been too much tbe grave of Charity. We have mnch to confess and not a little to learn.' Finally the Committee going farther than the point reached at the Conference of ten years ago, recommended the authorities of the various branches of the Anglican communion not only to hold themselves in readiness for brotherly oonferenca to originate such conferences and especially ar- | range for representative meetings for united .? humiliation and intercession. i We should add that the report states that tha 8 mind of the Conference as a whole is expressed | only in the Encyclical Letter and in the Besoln- | tions on which it is founded. Turning to them, E we find in the Letter the following reference to | Home reunion : ' We recommend that Com- | mittses of Bishops be appointed everywhero to | watch for and originate opportunities of united p prayer and mutual conference between represents- ift tives of different Christian Bodies, and to Rive counsel where counsel may be asked : these Com- s| mittees to report to the next Lambeth Conference ^ what has been accomplished in this matter.' || 