CURSED II A FORTUNE, . . ij.aT PUBLISHED, By GEO. MAInTVILLE PEEK". AUTHOR OF "BLACK BLOOD," "THE "WHITE VIRGIN," "THE ELEC TRIC SPARK," "THE KING OF THE CASTLE," "THE TIGER LILY," &0. ALL EIGHTS EE SERVED. ' ' '" . CHAPTER XXXIX. Kate uttered a gasp of relief on find ing her fear needless, and darted to wards the door, when, to her despair, the grotesque head was snatched back. "Becky! Becky!" she cried piteously, as the door was closing: and she stood still, not daring to approach. Pier .action had its effect, for the door was slowly pressed open again, and the bow of the washed-out cotton handkerchief which bandaged the wo man's face gradually appeared, the ends, which stuck up like a small pair' of horns, trembling visibly. Then by very slow degrees the woman's fore head and the rest of the face appeared, with the eyes showing the white all round, as their owner gazed at "the pri soner with her usual scared look inten sified. ' "Pray come in, Becky," said Kate softly; and she drew back towards a chair, so as to try and inspire a little confidence. The head was slowly shaken, and the door drawn once more tightly against the woman's long thin neck. "Whatcher want?" she said faintly. "I want you to come in and talk to me," said Kate in a tow appealing tone. "I want you to help me." "Dursn't." ."Yes, yes, you dare. Pray, pray don't say that. I have ho one to ask but you. Oh, Becky, Becky, I am so unhappy. If you have a woman's heart Within your breast, have pity on me!", ."Gug!" .A spasm contracted the pallid face as a violent sob escaped from her lips, and the tears began to flow from the dilated eyes, and were accompanied "by unpleasant sniffs. .."Don't make me er — cr — cry, miss, please." "No, no, don't cry, Becky dear, pray," Whispered Kate, anxiously. - . "You make me, miss — going on like that; and d — don't call me dear, please; I. ain't dear to nobody: I'm a miserable wretch:" "I always pitied you, Becky, but you never would let me be kind to you." "N — no, miss. It don't do 110 good. On'y makes me mis'rable." "But I must be; I will bo kind to you. Becky, and try and make you happy," whispered Kate. " 'Taint to be done, miss, till I die," said the woman, sadly; and then there was a triumphant light in her eyes, and her face lit up as she said more firmly: "but I'm going to be happy, then." "Yes, yes, and I'll- try to make you happy while you live; but you will help me, dear?" The poor creature shook lifer head. "Yes, you will — I'm sure you will," pleaded Kate. "But pray come in." "Dursn't, miss." "But I am in such trouble, Becky." "Yes, I know; he wants to marry you, and he's going to keep you locked up till he does. I know" "Yes, yes; and I want to get away " "But you can't," whispered the wo man, and she withdrew her head, and Kate, in her despair, thought she had gone. But the head reappeared slowly. "Nobody watching," she whispered.. "I must go away, and you must help me, Becky," whispered Kate. "It's no good. . He won't let you, miss. But don't you marry him." "Never!" cried Kate. \- "Hush, or they'll hear you; and mother's siding with him, ancl going to help him. She says he's an angel, but he's all smooth smiles, and talks to you like a saint, but he's a horrid wretch." "Yes, yes. But now listen to me." "Yes, I'm a-listening, miss. It's all because you're so pretty and handsome, and got lots o' money, aintcher?" "Yes, unhappily," sighed Kate. "That's what he wants. He got all poor old master's money, and the house and furniture out of him." "He did?" whispered Kate, excitedly. "Yes, miss; I know. Mother says it's all nonsense, and that we ought to love him, because he's such a good man. But I know better. Boor old. master used to tell me when -I took him up his letters. 'Ah, Becky, my poor girl, you are disappointed and unhappy,' he says,! 'but I'm more unhappy still. That man won't be satisfied till he has ground the last farthing out.rif , me, and there's nothing 18ft but my 'corpse.' I didn't believe him,. and I said, 'Don't let him have it, sir.' 'Ah, Beclcy,' he says, 'I'm obliged; signed papers are stronger than iron chains,' he says; 'and he's always dragging at the end. But he shall have it all, and heavy pounds o' flesh at' the end, and the bones too.' I didn't know what he meant, miss; and I didn't believe as anyone could -be- as unlucky as. me. ButI believed him at last, when I went to his room .arid found him dead on .the floor; and thenil knew he must be worse than I was,-, for I. couldn't have done what he did.", ' "Becky," whisperd ICate, fixing the trembling woman with her eyes, "I can understand how people who are very unhappy seek for rest in' death.. Do you wish to come here- some morning,- -and And me lying dead?" ' "Oh, miss!" cried the woman, excitedy, pushing the . door more open; "don't, please don't, ypu .go, and do a thing like that. You're too young and beau tiful, and oh— oh, oh! Please don't talk so: I can't abe'ar It— pray!" " "Then help me.', Becky, for I tell you I would sooner die."', "What, than marry him?" ' - ' "Yes, than marry this dreadful man, "Then — then,'' whispered the woman, after withdrawing her head to gaze back, "I feel that I dursn't, and p'raps he'll kill me for It— not as I seem to mind much, and mother would soon get over it, for. I .ain't .0' .no use— but. .-I think I will try and help you." You want to get away?" . . , ,, In her wild feeling of joy 'and ,excite: ment, Kate sprang : towards the .door, and she would have flung her arms around the unhappy woman's neck.; But before she could reach her. the head was snatched back, and the fas-. ' tenlng gave a loud snap, while when she opened it, Becky had disappeared and her mother was coming up the stairs to fetch the breakfast tray. "And not touched a bit, my dear, I said the housekeeper, with a reproach ful shake of the head. "Now, yOu must, you know; you must, indeed. And do let irie advise you, my dear. Mr. Gar- stang Is such a good man, and so indul gent; and it's really naughty of you to be so foolish as to oppose his wishes." I Kate turned upon her with a look that astounded the woman, who stood ! with parted lips, breathless, while a piece ol' bread was broken from the loaf on the tray, and a cup of tea pour-, ed out and placed aside. ! "Take away that tray," said Kate, Imperiously; "and remember your place. Never presume to speak to me I again like that." . .. | "No, ma'am— certainly not, ma'am," ' said the woman, hastily. "I beg your i pardon, ma'am, I am sure." "Leave- the room, and do not come I again till I ring." | "My!" ejaculated the woman, as soon ; as she was on the landing. , "to think j of such a gentle looking little thing be- I ing able to talk like that! P'raps mas- I ter's caught a tartar,, now." j There was a gleam of hope, then, af ter all, Poor Becky was not the va cant idiot she had always appeared. Kate felt that she had made one friend and trembling with eagerness she went to the writing-table and wrote quickly a few lines to Jenny Leigh, briefly ex plaining her position, and begging her to lay the matter before her brother, and to ask his help and advice. This she enclosed and directed, and then sat gazing before her, conjuring the scene to follow at the cottage, and | the indignation of. Leigh. And as she i thought the warm blood tinged her pale cheeks once more, and she covered -her face with her hands, to sit there sob bing for a few minutes before slowly tearing up the letter . till the fragments were too small ever to be found and read by one curious to know their con tents. Gladly as she would have seen Pierce Leigh appear and Insist upon her taking refuge with, his sister, she felt that she could not send such an appeal to those who were comparative strangers; and though she would not own to It even to herself, she felt that there wore other reasons why she could not write. An hour of intense jnental agony and dread passed, and she had to strive hard to keep down the terrible feeling of panic which nearly mastered her, and tempted her to rush down the stairs to try once more to escape, or to go to one of the front windows, throw it open, and shriek for help. "It would be an act of madness," she sighed as she recalled Garstang's words respecting the sick lady. "And they would believe him!" she cried, while the feeling of helplessness grew and grew as she felt how thoroughly she was In Garstang's power. Then came the 'thought of her aunt and uncle, her natural protectors, and sho determined to write to them; James Wilton would fetch her away at once, for he was her guardian; and surely now, she told herself, she was -woman enough In Insisting upon proper respect being paid to her wishes. She could set at defiance any of her cousin's advances; and her conduct in leaving showed itself up In Its strongest colours, as being cowardly — the act of a child. With a fresh display of energy she wrote to her aunt, detailing everything, and bidding her— not begging— to tell her uncle to come to her rescue at once. But no sooner was the letter written than she felt that her aunt would be have In some weak, foolish way, and there would bo delay. She tore up that letter slowly, and after hiding the pieces she sat there thinking again, witli her brow wrinkled and the look of agony in her face In tensifying. "I have right on my side. He is my guardian, and he dare not act other wise than justly by me, I am no longer the weak child now." And once more she took paper, and wrote this time to James -Wilton him self, telling him that Garstang had 1 lured- her away by the promise of pro- ; tection, but had shown himself in the j vilest colours at last. I "He must— he shall protect me," she said exultantly, and'she hastily direct ed the letter. But 'op she' sat .tlierd with the letter in. her. hand, she shrank arid trembled. ! For in vivid colours .her . , Imagination 1 painted before her the trouble and per- Becution to which she would expose herself. . She knew well enough what were James /Wilton's alms; . and that, 1 situated as he . was, he would stand at nothing to 'gain tHem. It was in vain she told herself that any tiling would be preferable to staying there at John Garstang's mercy, the horror of rush ing, hcadlong_haek to her guardian, and the . thoughts . of. his triumphant looks as lie, held her . tightly ; once again, proved too much for her, and this letter was also slowly torn up, and the pieces hidden. As she sat there with every nerve on .the rack, a strange feeling.'of falntness came over 'her, "and she started up In horror , at the Idea of losing her senses, and' being at tills man's mercy. And as she walked hurriedly /'to an'd fro, trembling .as she felt the falntness In- -'creaslng, some relief .came, for she grasped the fact, that her, falntness was due to want' of forid, rind It was past mid-day.. ' ' There was the bread close nt hand, though, and turning to It she began to .cr.um.ble up ' the' pieces ' and to eat, tliougii It was only with the greatest difficulty that she accomplished her 'task. " . But It had. the .required effect— the sensation 1. of sinking passed off. And now she set herself the task of trying to think of someone among the very few .'friends rih'e had known .before her father's death tp whom she could send for. help; but there dld.not occur to her mind one to whomtne! could apply In 'such a, strait.. There were the people- at .' the bank, arid the doctor who had' attended her father In his" last illness,' but they were comparatively such . strangers that she shrank from writ ing to them; and, at last, unnerved, and with her mind seeming to refuse to act, she sat there feeling that there was not a soul in the world whom she could trust but the Lelghs. She could send to Jenny, who would, she knew, be up in arms at once; but there was ' her brother. She could not, she dared not, ask him; and It would be, she felt, asking him. It would be so Interpreted If -she wrote. And then came the question which sent a shiver through her frame — what must he think ot her, and would he come to her help as. lie would have done 'be- fore slie committed so rash an act? " . . ' '.Kate's weary ponderlngs were, inter rupted by a tap at the door, which pro duced a fit 'of trembling, and she glided to It to slip the bolt, which had hardly passed into Its socket before the house keeper's voice was heard. "I beg your pardon, ma'am, but lunch Is ready, and master would be glad to know If you are well enough to come down." A stern negative was the reply, and for about a quarter of an hour she was undisturbed. Then came another tap, apd the rattllhg.of china and glass. ."If you -please, ma'am, I've brought your lunch." . She hesitated for a few moments. The desire was strong to refuse to take any thing, but she felt that if she was to keep setting Garstang at defiance till she could escape, she must have energy and strength. So, unwillingly enough, she unfastened the door, the House keeper entered with a tray, arid set it down upon the table. "Can I bring you anything more, ma'am, and would you like any wine?" "No," was the abrupt answer, In toner, that Would bear 110 reply, and the wo man went away, the dooibelng fastened after her. The lunch tray looked dainty enough, but it remained untouched for a time. A desperate resolve had come upon the prisoner, and. once more seating herself she wrote a piteous letter to Jenny, Im ploring help, directed It, and placed It teady for giving to poor Becky when sho came again. . Stamps she had none, hut she had a little money, and, doubt less, the girl would despatch her note In safety. The desperate step taken, she felt more at case, and feeling that her state of siege must last for a couple of days longer she sat down and once more forc ed "herself to eat, but she snrank from touching the water In the carafe, look ing at it suspiciously, and preferring to partake of some that was in the room. The tray was fetched in due time, and the housekeeper smiled her satis faction; but she went off -without a word, and Kate felt that she . would would go straight to Garstang- and re port that the lunch had been eaten. She winced- at this ' allttle, but felt that it was .inevitable, and feeling In better nerve she went to the door, .which she had fastened, opened It /a little, and stood there to watch for the coming of Becky. But the hours glided by, and -with a creeping sense of horror she saw the wintry evening coming rapidly 011, and thought of the night. Whenever a footstep was heard she was on the qui vlve, but each. time it was the mother. The daughter, who. had before this seemed to be always gliding ghost-like about the place, was now Invisible, and as Kate watched she saw the house-keeper light the hall jets and then descend to the kitchen region. - ' . ' , Twice over she shrank hack and se cured the door, for she heard Gar stang cough slightly, and saw him cross the hair from library to dlnlng.- room, and In each case :she let some minutes elapse before she dared open and peer out again. The last time It was to be aware of the fact that the dinner hour had come once more, arid soon after the woman began to ascend the stairs, Kate -retiring within- arid slipping the bolt, to' stand and listen for the message . she knew .would be de-. livered. . "Master's compliments, and are you well enough to come down, ma'am?" The brief negative sent the messen ger down again, and the prisoner was left undisturbed for a few .minutes, when there was the sound of a tray being brought to the door; but this time It was refused entrance.- Kate watched again eagerly now, feeling that in all probability Becky would try to see her while her mother was occupied In the dining-room, but the time passed on and there was no sign of her, and thoughts of desperate ly venturing to try and reach the front door attacked the listener, -but only to be dismissed. "It would only be to expose myself to insult," she said, and growing more and more despondent she once more closed and secured the door, expecting that there would be a fresh message sent up. In due time there was another tap at the door, hut no request for her to come down. , "I have brought you up some tea, ma'am:" ..... Kate hesitated about admitting the woman, for the memory of the scene at the same hour on the previous night flashed across her, but Instinctively feeling that the messenger was alone she unfastened the door- and let her in. "Master's compliments, ma'am, and he hopes that your quiet day's rest will have done you good. He says he will riot trouble you to see him to-night, but he hopes you will be yourself again in the morning. Good nigbt, ma'am; I won't disturb you again. The things can bo left on the side-table. Is there anything else I can do?" ' "No, I thank you," said Kate, coldly. "Very good, ma'am." The woman went back to the door, arid Kate's last hope of her turning a friend to help her died out, for she heard her sigh and say softly, evidently to be heard, "Poor dear master: It's very sad." . "Good-night!" said Kate, Involuntarily repeating the woman's words. " "God help me and protect me through the long night watches and inspire me with the thought that shall bring me help. How can I dare to sleep?" The answer came from Nature— im perative, and who knew no denial; for onCe'more the prisoner awoke, wonder ing to find that it was morning arid that she must have slept for many hours in a chair. ' (to be continued.) 