A QUEER STOfiY. fWrltten torXax CLirpre hy :Qie nnthor ol ?' Driven Ttronjh Hadoe,' 'The Black Forty,' cto.,et-wnnd compiled from statemeuts made andevidenoe given or certain porsons interested In the issue.! ' I BaBbaba!s Nabativb Continued. He stood stood staring stupidly at me there, as though he did not comprehend fully the import of my words. I noticed that his arms hung down by his 8i4eB and bis eyes Jooked into mino withont the least expression of intelligence in dicating itiat he even saw me. By slow degrees intelligence seemed to dawn upon him and hie mouth twitched nei vously under his beard. A frightened — a hunted look grew over his face, and he put his hands together behind his back in a way I had often seen him do when arguing a particularly knotty busi ness point with the firm, bnt still he said nothing. I am afraid I cut a very sorry figure, standing there with my soaked clothes clinging to my shape and my loosened hair streaming wet and dank over iiy shoulders and back, and I noticed these little trifles even in that mo ment of supreme embarrasment, for it seemed to me that the sub lime and the ridiculous were curiously blended together in a motley tangle of confusion. He shifted uneasily once or twice, moving the shingle with his feet, and then looking all round the small am pi theatre of rocks in which we were standing his eye caught eight of my hat tumbling in the snrf. As though moved by a practical impulse strangely at variance with the seriousness of the moment, he stepped into the water, and wading knee deep picked it upland handed it to me. 'It is your hat,' he began, holding it out at arm's length. ' f on had better put.it on.' I took it in eilence,Jnot knowing well what to say, and turned it over helplessly in my. fingers. He noticed the action jjand misinterpre ted it of course. Men always do misconstrne L a woman's thoughts and acts. * ' It is done for I fear,' ho said again, and his voice sounded queerly and afar off-like. ' You wtfn't make much of it I expect. ?' I tried to 6peak, but my mouth twitched and pnekered and jerked so much that I utterly failed. I felt so miserable at that moment that I wished with all my heart and soul he had never pulled me out of the water. Then I began to cry. I did not sit down and cry like most people would have done under the circumstances, but I simply 6tood there looking straight in his face and blubbered softly like a spoiled child, My tears affected him visibly. He took a half step towards me, and at last, as if trying to find something ap propriate to say, came back again to the practical and said simply, ' Don't, Miss Twinem ; don't cry please, like a good girl.' I broke up altogether then and let my hat fall down. I don't know how it happened, but somehow I felt myself sobbing violently with my bead upon his breast and both arms around his neck. He soothed me softly, bat I could not stop. It was the Orst time I had cried since I ran away from those dreadful people, and my pent-up feelings, loosened after so long an imprison ment, would not be stopped. ^Sut at last 1 recollected where lywas and what had happened, and I freed myself frantically from his grasp and faced him again. 'Air. Sinclair,' I began, ' please don't. You take au advantage of my weakness.' ' Ellen !' 1 His voice waa full of grave re proach and his features betrayed tow stronef his feelings were. 'Yea, Mr. Sinclair, you must not — you really must not — it is wrong you know. I am sorry. Oh, heaven knows how sorry 1 am that it has happened, but, I could not help it. I tried to avoid yon — tried not to be any more than an acquain tance ? ' ? So did I, Miss Twinem, or Mrs. 'Yes,' I replied Badly, calmer now, for I was beginning to master my feelings little by little. ' Yes, it is true, Mr. Sinclair, I am a married woman. My name is Barbara Jocelyn, my husband is in Mel bourne. He was not kind to me, and — and I — I ran away.' 'You must have been treated very harshly. I don't know, I can't conceive how anyone could treat you unkindly. Yes, it must have been severe, or I'm sure you would have never ran off. Oh, what did they do to yon P' ' It is a long story, Mr. Sinclair,' I answered as well as I conld, for I was beginning to lose heart again. A long and a weary story. I— I don't know how to tell it to you.' ' Never mind if you cannot tell it to me now. But you must tell me something, for — for I love you, dear — God knows I do !' ' Yes yes,' I spake, 'but you must not say so. I ought to have seen it. I was a fool, for I thought I oould find rest here, and did find it too in your company, which was very dear *o me. But I must go away again I suppose.' ' No ; I will be silent and never broach such a subject to you any more. I will not offend you. You must not leave here. I will go away and perhaps some day it may be all clear to us both.' Then we stood there looking into each other's hollow eyes for I don't know bow long. My wet garments chilled me, and I shivered with the cold wind which now blew strongly. ' Come,' he said once more after this, ' you are wet and will take cold. I am a brute to have thus kept you, but I oould not help it. I did not know. I am a blackguard ' Oh no no. You could not help it, Mr. Sinclair- But let us go now. They will miss ns both.' ' I fear it is too late, he replied, smiling in spite of it all. ' There goes the steamer now.' ' Oh heaven, what will they say of us ?' ' I don't suppose they will say anything more than I can explain. Gome, we must go to the hotel and have you dried. Then I have no doubt we will find a conveyance home, or at any rate I can leaA yon there and send for'you in the evening.' He helped me up the rocks and on to the roadway above. We walked silently side by side to the hotel, where we made a sensation I can tell you. Our condition was a sufficient cause for our appearance, and I retired to .remove my wet things When I came down again attired in some of the landlady's clothes he had gone. I told my story Eimply as it oc curred, and sat by the tire to await the conveyance he bad promised to send. My reflections were not of a too pleasant nature you may guess. I went over it all again and tried to think what I ought to do. It was manifest to me that if he bad com mitted one indiscretion by falling it love with a married woman, that was no reason why we should be tempted to commit still greater follies by carrying ont the wretched farce further. No matter what I suffered I could uot disgrace myself by j&'n yilieiaoe. ;to 'another -inftfy whilst my husband -was alive. He was a .brute it was true, but I could not - prove him one, and indeed who would believe my story P Why in'thei.Cace of it all here I was in Tasmania, a run away wife, he a stranger here too, both meeting by accident and carrying on , a disgraceful flirtation together. It was true none Df them knew I was married, but then «o much the worse, for what story : conld I tell the world P In » small community like Hobart how would tne gossips clatter and talk P And then there would be a paragraph in pome of the 'society' columns of the papers, and my notoriety would be a thing assured. There was no other way ont of it I reflected, bnt to go. I was eo thoroughly filled with the feeling of terror for those who had treated me so cruelly that it quite absorbed every other -aspect of my case. I was a coward upon that point at least, if indeed not upon others, but I was certainly a rank coward ell ronnd, or other wise I would not bave run away, but have sought the protection of the police when I regained my liberty on that night when that man quarrelled with his paramour and I took advantage of their absence to break open cay door. Then I dreaded the exposure which so sad a story would be certain to obtain. It did not occur to toe that I could have easily sought out a firm of solicitors, and with the aid of my bankers who I knew, would help me I might, have settled it once and for ever.1 For I was rich, and the portion left me by ray dead father wan more than, sufficient for all require ments. Bat I did not look at it that way. How could IP 1 was a woman, you know, and had all a woman's dread of pnblic exposure. Having made the one mistake of marrying a man who was a villian, I cduld not see well how I would rectify it by seeking to rid myself of him to take up with a man I had met afteiw'aids— arrhari / T tnew now that I loved|with all£my heart and soul. Yes, I loved John Sinclair as I had never loved anyone before, not even my kind father. It came to me all there as £ sat by the fire in the sitting-room of the hotel, and httle by little, as I felt the fervor of my passion mastering me 'I prayed with all my strength thatt* might not return with the convey ance which was to take me back to town. Alone with him on the drive home, with the necessary explana tions forthcoming — oh how cotild we escape? Perhaps to-morrow we would both be calmer, and in a more fitting frame of mind to face our trouble. For we must face it, come what would, and I must de cide upon a definite course to adopt in the future. The rattle of a cab outside inte rupted me, and presently the good lady where I lodged bustled into the room, carrying a great bnndle of my clothes. She was full of womanly sympathy for my accident, and cried so very heartily over me that I fancied at one moment she knew of what had transpired between us, However, she soon Bet my mind at rest by telling me how Mr. Sinclair had called upon her with a cab and volnminoos di rections how she was to proceed. She had hurried off at once to my rescue, and here sue was. ' And poor Mr. Sinclair,' she told me, ' he looked awful— like a ghost. I hope he was not hurt,' 'No,' I said, 'he was not hurt.' Not in body, anyway, I reflected, but in his heart — ah, 1 was afraid tliat his peace of mind was gone for ever. On the way home Bhe talked of nothing bnt Mr. Sinclair. The sub ject was necessarily disagreeable to me. but I listened to her praises of * the poor man,' as she called him, with a secret pleasure which would assert itself in spite of my longing for Her to change the subject, I pissed a wretched night, and sending a message to the shop the next morning that I was too unwell to attend business, shut myself up in my room and tried to frame a course of action for the future. My ? ' :itH- ?-- - ?'?- : V t to set upon anything definite, ani ^| my unreasonable -teraior .and dread ? of exposure kept- overmastering | every -other ; feeling whenever t fl tried to 'crush it ddwn'and isbam fl out a .pwwtipaj p|ari.for,iny, deport. ? ment. . . I felt that I.onght to tell ? him all, and indeed our relation. ? ship to each other pointed to that fl a* the most honorable -jotrgB to ? adopt, but Bt'tU.injr. flrfAd of uD. ? known trouble got the best of me ? vnd I was afraid. I know nothing' ? of him, 'and how might he take the ? story P Treat me! With scorn it ? might be, and walk oft from my ? presenoe in contempt. .No no, an/. ? thing but that. I oould not bear it. ? Several people from the shop ? called to' bob me, and made a great I fuss over what was, as I told then I in reality a trifling everyday occur- I renoe. I was much distressed at I the sljr looks and half hinted plea- ? gantries their well meaning banter I gave rise to, and was relieved when ? I was alone again. ' I He came in the evening to see I me. We sat in the little front par- ? lor, and after the uBual enquiries I concerning each others' health had I exhausted themselves a silence leU I between us. I tried, we both tried ? to break it more than onoe, balU failed utterly. And there we satl looking foolishly at the pattern onfl the carpet, not knowing what to Mf ? to each other. ? He was visibly agitated, T oould ? see that, and I was far from being I calm. At last he got npand walked I the room with hip hands behind his I back twitching nervously. Several I times he essayed to speak, bat cor- I cected himself and at last sat down I again. Then as though be could I keep silent no longer he began to ? address me. His voice was hoarse I and wavering, and I felt now that I I needed all my strength to be firm I and not give way. I ' Mrs. Jocelyn,' he commenced I ' I feel I must call you that now. I I cannot call you Ellen, or Barbara. I Oh God ! If I had only known !' I 1 Mr. Sinclair,' returned I, ' yon I must not distress yourself in that I way. It is not my fault ? ' I ' It is neither of onr faults in one I sense, bnt in another the blame ii I all with me. I feel like a black- I guard.* I 'Not so. You am not to blame. 1 How could yon know I was a mar- I ried woman ?' I 1 True. But I know abont my- I self. I am not in a position to I make love to or marry any woman.' I 'Mr. Sinolair!' I exclaimed in I utter astonishment. 'Your words I are incomprehensible. Are yon I married also r' I ' No.' I 1 What do you mean then? There I is no other interpretation that can I be placed upon your utterances.' I ' Yes, there is another. I am I hnnted by the police.' I ' The police P1 I echoed in utter I bewilderment, ' Why faofr— why I what— oh! what do you mean F' I 'I am wanted by the Melbourne I police for mnrder ! I (To be continued.) j 