Tlie Mines of the Sister Centre. no. 2. (BY H. C. D.) On no other part of the field is there such n array of deserted mullock he-ays and bandoned claims as there is on the southwestern fringe of the Boulder line of country, surmounted by dismantled -windlasses and remnants of other hauling tackle in various stages of decay. An unbroken line of exempted claims "is •visible as far as the eye can reach, and seem to extend beyond that point to the utmost limits of nowhere, relieved at unfrequent intervals by a patch of abandon d alluvial workings and an odd condenser. Nine out of every ten of the exempted properties:;have been shut down, and the svndicatesor parties worling them compelled to give up the ghost and seek protection from the Warden, either because of their inability to comply with the present labor conditions, or for want of the necessary funds to obtain suitable machinery to enable them to prospect the country below the water level, where in this part of the line it has already been proved that big goldbearing formations exist. In one or two isolated instances indications point to the claims being barren of anything appertaining to gold-bearing deposits, but in the majority of cases it would appear that all that was necessary to include the mines at this end of the field amongst the gold producers of the district is depth : and owing to the heavy influx of water. that can only' be attained by the acquisition of powerful pumping plants, which are needful for its advancement, and without which developments other than surface workings can proceed no farther. One of the properties which divides the outer from the. inner circle of • THE BOULDER GHOUP OP MINES is the Golden Treasure. This property, however, belongs to the " ain't agoing to tell" division, aud absolutely no information whatever is forthcoming as to the developments going • on below the pit mouth until such time as the writer has become an adept in the black art of hypnotism. He has abandoned all hope of trying to induce the anager of this mysterious mine to disgorge nformation concerning the richness or otherise of the underground workings. Two locks further south lies THE BOTJLDEE CONSOLIDATED. This mine is owned by an English comany, and must not be confounded with an djacent colonially floated concern, which he writer believes'to be dead and <;ecentlv uried. Fivfe shafts have been sunk on the roperty, varyirg in depth from 50ft to 00ft, two of which are connected with drives t the f'Offc level. Two gold-bearing lodes, of he schistose and ironstone variety have been et with, below the surface, from which exellent dish prospects are obtainable. Pendng the arrival of a pumping plant, however, t is impossible to continue sinking, but immediately the machinery is erected into osition the manager intends to pursue a vigorous policy of development with a view of testing the lodes at a depth. Lower down n the flat,, and, mi- taphorica'ly, nestled in the bosom of the old lake bed is THE GiiEAT BOULDER JUNCTION. Two slmfts have been put down on this properiy. About 220ft of driving has also been done at the 60ft levd of the main shaft, a 5ft lode, together with several gold-bearing leaders b.ing mit with en rtrnte. Like all 01 her claims in the vicinity this property is destined to be cursed with the w^.ter difficult and machinery is urgently needed :o enable sinking to be continued to the regions of settled rountry, wh re an opportunity will be afforded the manager,' aptain *;.'-..lure, of proving tlie worth or otherwise of > he property under his control. The output of water from the adjacent claim to the east, THE HESPEEUS. exceeds 32.000 gallons daily. 1 The finishing touches are now, however, being put to a powerful pumping plant, which when completed will keep the shafts dry, and enable sinking operations to be carried on. Five shafts, ranging in depth from ,60ft to 220ft, have bcea put down on a'big low-grade formation which traverses the property. Now that pumping machinery is 011 the ground capable of f-opicg with the present heavy influx of water, a start will immediately fee made to coatinue sinking-in the main shaft until a depth of 250ft. is attained, at which level crosscuts will be run to tap the lode met with at the higher levels, and to prospect the surrounding country. A powerful winding nd pumping plant has already been erected on . THE HESPERUS EXTENDED, and the mine, in all respects, appears to be thoroughly equipped and prepared for the worst, which in this part means the striking of an underground lake of salt water. Only one shaft has been sunk on the properiy. a r d at present sinking operations are being . pushed on with all despatch with a view of getting down ,to a depth and testing the country in stratified regions Adjoining this property is the newly-floated IVAN HOE CONSOLS, possessed of large acreage, and blessed with a London share Agister and a nominal capital of £125.000. Notwithstanding the latter throttling disadvantage, the mine, which appears to be . situated in the heart of a gold-bsaring zone of country, has- excellent prospects, and certainly indications point to it being a good many removes from an untamed feline concern. The main shaft has been sunk to a depth of 190ft. At the 150ft level a rich 9in leader, covered with a thick casing of mullocky lodestaff, was met with, and other -gold-bearing formations have also been met with en, route from that depth to the present. Another shaft has been put down to a depth of 120ft. and, on the arrival of machinery, which is expected to be on the ground shortly, a start will he made to sink and connect both shafts' .at. the 250ft level, also to • run crosscuts with a view of testing several forma- tions known to exist witbiD the confines of the 54 acres that comprise the area owned • by the company. Further south, in the midst of a luxuriant growth of shrubs indigenous to swamps iu this colony, and alone - in its glorv: so far. as complying with the labor conditions is concer neti, lies the furthermost southern relat on of the Boulder, best known as , • ' THE SOUTHERN BOULDEE. A big gold-bearing josper and quartz lode formation runs through this lease, on which two shafe, connected at a depth of 50ft, have been sunk. The cry of "Pumping machinery wanted" is also heard here, and until its arrival • the ground systematic development work - cannot be- proceeded with. Half a mile further south, at the extreme end of the belt, and in close proximity to the Leviathan, battery, THE DUXBAE LEASES, now under fid ation in England, are met with. Several parallel schistose and ironstone -lodes traverse this property, bulk, assays from which have given. Very high results. The claim, however, is purely a prospecting show, and a good deal pf devel p- ment work will have to lie, done before it can claim to have, emerged from its swaddling clothes. ' [To be continued.] * The will, dated January 14,1896, of Jean Francois Gravelet, better known as Blondin. of Niagara House, Little Ealing, has .just been proved in London. The testator bequeaths to Henry ^Coleman Gravelet. son of Charlotte Sophia Lawrence Gravelet, his medals, decorations, diplomas, and presentation gifts, and also £100 in trust to keep in order his grave and* monument at Kensal Green. He leaves £200 to Iris D'Auguilar, at Buenos Ayies,. daughter of Charlotte Sophia Gravelet, and £200 in repayment Gf a loan to Adele Pauline Frances Pastor. To his wife he gives £i00, certain jewellery, and the portraits' of himself and his late wile. The residue of his property goes in trust, as to one-third for his wife, as to onethird for Henry Coleman Gravelet, and as to one-third to pay-<£2 a week to Adele Pauline Francis Pastor. The personal estate has been- valued at • £1.445. : His house at • Ealing is freehold. 