THE CHRISTIAN. By HALE OAIIJB, author of "tub manxman." CHAPTER I.— (Continued.) There was a sound of opening and closing of the outer door downstairs, and Lord Robert en tered the room. He looked heated, harassed, and exhausted. Shaking out Ills perfumed pocket handkerchief, he mopped his forehead, drew a long breath, and dropped into a cnair. "I've done it," he said, "it's all over." Polly Love had lunched with the company that day, and Lord Robert had returned home with her In order to break the news of his approaching marriage. Ho gave his version ot what had oc curred. While the girl had been removing her hat and jacket ho had sat at the piano and thumbed It, hardly knowing bow to begin. All at once he had said, "Do you know, my dear, I'm to be married on Saturday?" Sho had said nothing at first, and ho had played tho piano furiously. Heavens, what "a frame of mind to he in! Why didn't tho girl speak? At last he had looked round at her, and there she stood smiling, grinning, gasping, and white as a ghost. Suddenly she began to cry. Good God, such crying! Yes, it was all over. Everything had been settled somehow. "But I'll be in a harder condition before I tackle such a job again," said Lord Robert. There was silence for a morflent. Drake was leaning on the mantlepiece, his legs crossed, and one foot beating on the hearthrug. The men were ashamed, and they began to talk of Indif ferent things. Smoke? Didn't mind. Those In- dinn cigars were good! . Not. bad. certainly! At length Drake Eald, in a different voice, "Cruel; but necessary, Robert — necessary to the woman who is going to be your wife, cruel to the poor girl who has beeu." Lord Robert tossed his head, and snorted like a colt, rose to his feet- Impatiently, stretched his arm, 'and shot out his striped cuff and walked to and !tro across the room. " Pon my sou , I be lieve I should have stuck to the little thing but for the old girl, don't you know. She s made mob a good social running lately. . . . And then she's started this evangelical craze, too. . . No, Polly wouldn't have suited her book, any ll0"iience again, and then further talk on Indif ferent things. "Wish Benson wouldn't sweep the soda-water off the table." "Ring for it. Then "Little thing really cares for me— don t jou know. And it isn't my fault, is It? I had to hedge. Frank, dear boy, you re always tauntln0 1110 with the treadmill we liavo to turn for the sake ot society, and so forth; hut with debts about a man's neck like a millstone, what could a man do—: — " "I don't mean that you're worse than others, old fellow," said Drake, "or that sacrificing this one poor child is going to mend matters "No, It Isn't likely to Improve my style of ' ' B u L that man John Storm was not so far wrong, after all, and for this polygamy of our lavender glove tribe the nation itself will be overtaken by the judgment of God one of these Lord Robert broke Into a peal of derisive laughter. "Go on," he cried. "Go on, dear boy! It's tunny to hear you, though, after to-day's proceedings, too," and he glancc-d significantly around the table. Drake brought down his fist with a thump on to the mantlepiece. "Hold your tongue, Robert. How often am I to tell you this is a different thing entirely? Because I discover a creature of genius and try to help her to the position she ueserve3. ..." "You hypocrite, If it hod been a man, instead of a charming llttlo woman with big eyes, don't vou know ..." But there had been a ring at the outer door, and Benson had come in to say that a clergyman was waiting downstairs'; "Little Gollghtly again!" said Lord Robert, wearily. "Are these everlasting arrangements never . . ." The man stopped him. It was not Mr. Go llghtly; it was a stranger; would not give his name; looked like a Catholic priest; had been there before, he thought. "Can It be . . . talk of tho devil . . ." "Ask him up," said Drake. And while Drake hit his lip and clenched his hands, and Lord Robert took up a scent bottle and sprayed him self with eau de cologne, they saw a man clad In the long coat of a priest come Into the room — calm, grave, self-possessed, very pale, with hol low and shaven cheeks and dark and sunken eves, which burned with a sombre fire, and head so closely cropped as to seem to he almost bald. John Storm's anger had cooled. As he crossed the park the heat of his soul had turned to fear, and while he stood in the hall below, with an atmosphere of perfume about him, and even a de licate sense of a feminine presence, his fear had tuj'ned. to terror. On that account he had re fused Jto send up his name, and on going up the staircase lined with prints he had been tempted to turn about and fly. lest he should come upon. Glory face to face. But finding the two men only in the room above, his courage came back, and lie hated himself for his treacherous thought of her. a 'You mil forgive me for this unceremonious visit, sir," he said, addressing himself to Drake. Drpke motioned to him to bo seated. He bow ed, but continued to stand. 'Your friend will remember that I have been hero before." Lord Robert bent his head and wont on trilling with the spray. 'It was a painful errand relating to a girl who had been nurse at tho hospital. The girl was nothing to me, but she had a companion who was very much." Drake nodded and his. lips stiffened, but ho did uot speak.' 'You are aware that since then I have been away from the hospital. I wrote to you on tho subject — you will remember that." "Well?" said Drake. "I have only just returned, and have como di rect from the hospital now." "Well?" "I see you know what I mean, sir. My young friend has gone. . Can you tell mo where to find her?" 'Sorry I cannot," said Drake coldly; and he saw that a look of boundless relief crossed the grave face lu front of him. 'Then you don't know " 'I didn't say that," said Drake, and then tho lines of pain came back. 'At the request of her people I brought her up lo London, sir.' Naturally they will look to me for news ot her, and I feel responsible for her welfare." 'If that is so, you must pardon me for saying you'vo taken your duty lightly," said Drake. John Storm gripped the rail of the chair in front of him, and there was silence for a mo ment. 'Whatever I may have to blame myself with In Ihe past, It would relieve me to find her well and happy and safe from all harm." "Sho is well and happy, and safe too. I can tell you that much." There was another moment of silence, and then John Storm said, in broken sentences and iu a voice that was struggling to control itself, "I have known her since she was a child, sir . . , you cannot think how many tender memories . . . It is nearly a year since I saw hor, and one likes to see old friends after an absence." Drake did not speak, but he dropped his head, for John's eyes had begun to fill. "Wo wore good friends, too. Boy and girl comrades almost. Brother and sister I should say, for that was how I liked to think of myself —her elder brother, bound to take care of her." There was a little trill of derisive laughter from the other side of the room, where Lord Robert had put the spray down noisily, nnd turned to look out Into the street. Then John Storm drew himself up and said 1'n a1 firm voice: ' "Gentlemen, why should I mince matters? I will not do so. Tho girl we speak of Is more to me than anybody else in the world besides. Per haps she was one of the reasons why I went into that monastery. Certainly she is tho reason I have come out of it.- I have come to find her. I shall find her. If she Is in difficulty or danger I intend to save her. Will you tell mo where she Is?" "Mr. Storm," said Drake, "I am sorry, very sorry, but what you say compels me to speak plainly. The lady is well and safe and happy. If her friends are anxious about her sho can re assure them for herself, and no doubt has already done so. But in the position she occupies at present you are a dangerous man. It might not lie her wish, and It would not be to her advan tage to meet with you, and I cannot allow her to run the risk." "I-Ias It come to that? Have you n right to speak for her, sir?" "Perhaps I have , . ." Drake hesitated, and then said With a rush, "The right to protect her against a fanatic." John Storm curbed himself; he had been through a long schooling. "Man, bo honest," ho said.- "Either your Interest is good or bad. eel- flsh or unselfish. Which is it?" Drake mnde no answer. "But It would be useless to bandy wordB, sir. I didn't como here to do that. Will you tell mo where she is?" "No." "Then It Is to bo a duel between us — is that so? You for the girl's body, nnd mo for her soul? Very well, I take your challenge." There was silence once more, and John Storm's eyes wandered about the room. They fixed themselves at length an! the sketch by the pier- glass. "On my former visit I mot with the same re ception, sir. The girl could take care of hor- Bclf. It was no business of mine. IIow that relation has ended I do not ask. But this one ." "This one is an entirely diffcront matter, sir," said Drake, "and I will thank you not to . . ." But ohn Storm was making the sign of the cross on his breast, and saying, as one who was uttering a prayer, "God grant it Is, and always may he." At the next moment ho wns gone from tho room, 'l'he two men stood whoro ho had left them until Ills fooLsteps had ceased 011 the stairs, and the door had closed behind him. Then Drake cried, "Benson, a telegraph form! I must telegraph to Koenlg at once." "Yes, he'll follow her up on the double quick," said Lord Robert. "But what matter? His face will be enough to frighten the girl. Ugh! It wa3 tho face of a death's head." "Shut up, you fool! It was the face of a god," said Drake. At dinner that night John Storm was more than usually silent, and to break in upon his gravity, Mrs. Callender asked him what he In tended to do next. "To take priest's orders without delay," he said. "And what then?" "Then," ho said, lifting a twitching and suffer ing face, "to make an attack on the one mighty stronghold of tho devil's kingdom, whereof woman is the direct and Immediate victim — to tell society over again it Is an organised hypocrisy for the pursuit and demoralisation ot woman, and the Church that bachelorhood is not celibacy, and polygamy Is against tho laws of God — to look and search for the beaten and broken who lie scat tered and astray in our bewildered cities, and to protect them and shelter them whatever they are, however low they have fallen, because they are my sisters and I love them." "God bless ye, laddie! That's spoken like a man," said the old woman, rising from her seat. But John Storm's pale face had already flushed up to the eyes, and he dropped his head as one who was ashamed. II. At 8 o'clock that night John Storm was walk ing through the streets of Soho. The bell of a jam factory had just been rung, and a stream of young girls in big hats, with gorgeous flowers and sweeping feathers, were pouring out of an archway, and going arm and arm down the pave ment in front of him. Men standing in groups at street ends shouted lo them as they passed, and they shouted back in shrill voices, and Inughcd with wild joy. In an alley round one corner an organ man was playing "Tnrarnboomdeay," and some of the girls began to dance nnd sing about him.. At another corner a funeral coach was re turning home from a distant cemetery, and they called to the occupants, whose red and bloated faces told of stopping places by the way. Coming to the main artery of traffic they were almost run down by a splendid equipage, which was cut ting across two thoroughfares into a square, and they screamed with mock terror as the fat coach man in tippet and cockade bellowed to them to get out of the way. The square was a centre of gaiety. Theatres and music-halls lined two of its sides, and the gas 011 their facades and the beacons on their roofs were beginning to burn brightly In tho fad ing daylight. With skips and leaps the girls passed over to the doors of these palaces, and peered with greedy eyes through Jines of police men and doorkeepers in livery at gentlemen in shields of shirt front and ladies ill light shawls and long white gloves stepping in satin slippers and patent leather shoes out of gorgeous carriages into gorgeous halls, John Storm was looking on at this masquerade when suddenly he became aware that the flare of coarse lights on the front of the building before him formed the letters of a word. The word was Gloria. Seeing it again as he had seen it in the morning, but now Identified and explained,, be grew hot and cold by turns, and his brain, which refused to think, felt like a sail that is flapping idly on the edge of tho wind. There was a garden in the middle of the square, and he walked round and round It. The keeper was turning out the people who had been lounging on tho garden seats, and he watched the man closing the gate for the night and locking it witti a padlock. I-Ie gazed vacantly at the statue in the middle of tho garden, and then walked round the rails again. The darkness was gathering fast, tho gas was beginning to blaze, and he was like a creature in the coil ot a horrible fascination. That word, that name over the music-hall, fizzing and crackling In its hundred lights, seemed to hold him as by an eye of fire. And remembering what, had hapened since he left the monastery — the sandwich men, the boards on the omnibuses, tile hoardings, and the walls — it seemed like a fiery finger which had led him to that spot. Only 0110 thing was clear — that a supernatural power liad brought him there, and it was intended that he should come. (Fearfully, shamofuly, miserably, rebuking himself for his doubts, yet conquered and compelled by them, he crossed tho street, nnd entered the music-hall. He was in the pit, and it was crowded — not a seat vacant anywhere, and many persons standing packed in tho. crush room at tho back. His first sensation was of being looked at. First the man at tlie pay box and then the cliecktaker had looked ot him; and now he was being looked at by tho people about him. TUey were both men and girls. Some of the men wore light frock coats, and talk ed in tho slang of the racecourse; some of tho girls wore noticeable bats and showy fiowers in their bosoms, and were laughing in loud voices. They maile'a -way for him of themselves, and he passed through'' to a wooden barrier .that ran round the last OF'the pit seats. The music-hall was largo, and to John Storm's eyes, straight from thb poverty of his cell, it seemed gorgeous and garish in the red and gold of its eastern decorations. Men in the pit seats were smoking pipes and cigarettes, and wallers with trays were hurrying up and down tlie aisles serving ale and porter, which they set down on ledges like the book rests in church. In the stalls in front, which were not so full, gentlemen in evening dress were smoking cigars, and there was an arc of the tier above, In whieli people in fashionable costumes were talking audibly. Higher yete and unseen from that position, there was a larger audieueo still, whose voices rumbled like a distant sea. A cloud of smoke filled the atmos phere, and from time to time there was the sound of popping corks, nnd breaking glasses, and roll ing bottles. The curtain was down, but tho orchestra was beginning to play. Two men in livery came from tho sides of the curtain and fixed up large figures in picture frames that were attached to the wings of tho proscenium. Then the curtain rose, and tho entertainment was resumed. It was in sec tions, and after each performance the curtain was dropped and tho waiters went round with their trays again. John Storm had seen It all before in tho days when, under his father's guidance, he had seen everything — the juggler, tho acrobat, tiie step- dancer, the comic singer, the tableaux, and the living picture. He felt tired and ashamed, yet he could not bring himself to go away. As the even ing advanced he thought, "How foolish! What madness it was to think of such a thing!" He was easier after that, and began to listen to the talk of tho peoplo about him. It was free, but not offensive. In the frequent intervals some of tho men played with tho girls, pushing, and nudg ing, and joking with them, iind the girls laughed and answered hack. Occasionally one of them would turn her head aside and look into John's faco with a saucy smile. "God forbid that I should grudge them their pleasure," he thought. "It's all they have, poor creatures." But tho audience grew noisier as the evening went on. They called to the singers, made inar ticulate squeals, and then laughed at their own humor. A lady sang a comic song. It described her attempt to climb to the top of an omnibus on a windy day. John turned to look at the faces behind him, and ovory face was red, and hot, and grinning, and grimacing. He was still half buried in tho monastery he had left that morning, and he thought, "Such aro tho nightly pleasures of our people. To-night, to-morrow night, the night after! Oh, my country, my country! What is to become of her!" He was awakened from these thoughts by an outburst of applause. Tlie curtain was down, and nothing was going 011 except tho putting up of a now figure in the figure frames. The figure was Someone behind him said, "That's her number!" "The new artiste!" said another voice. "Gloria," said the first. John Storm's head began to swim. 1-Ie looked back — lie was In a solid block ot people. "After all, what reasons have I?" he thought, and he determined to stand his ground. More applause. Another leader of the orchestra had appeared. Baton In hand, he was bowing from his place before the footlights. It wus Koenlg. the organist, and John Storm shuddered in tho darkest corner of his soul. The stalls bad filled up unawares to hint, and n party was now coming into a private box which liad all night been empty. The late coiners were Drake and Lord Robert Ure, with a lady with short hair brushed back from her forehead. John Storm felt the place going round liim, yet he steadied and braced himself. "But this Is tho natural atmosphere of such people," he thought. Ho tried to find satisfaction in the thought that Glory; was uot with them- Perhaps they had ex aggerated their intimacy with her. The baud began to play. It was music for the entrance of a now performer. The audience bo- came quiet; there was a keen, eager, expectant air; aud then the curtain went up. John Storm felt dizzy. If bo could have escaped, he would have turned and lied. He gripped with both hands tho rail in front of him. Then a woman came gliding 011 to tho stage, She was a tall girl in a dark dress and long black gloves, with red hair and a head like a rose. It was Glory! A cloud camo over John Storm's eyes, and for a few moments he saw 110 more. There was some applause from the pit and the regions overhead. The people iu the stalls were waving their handkerchiefs, nnd the lady In tho box was kissing hoi hand. Glory was smiling, quito at her ease, apparently not at all nervous, only a little shy, and with hor hands interlaced in front of her. Then there was silence again, aud she began to sing. It Is tho moment when prayers go up from the heart not used 'to pray. Strange contradiction! John Storm found himself praying that Glory might do well, that she might succeed and eclipse everything! But he bad turned bis eyes away, and tho sound of her voice was oven more afflict ing than the sight ot her face. It was nearly a year since lie had heard It last, and now I10 was hearing it under these conditions. In a place like this. "Hush!" "Hush!" said tlie people .about him, and somebody tapped him on the shoulder. (To bo continued.) 