NOTES AND COMMENTS. This is too bad. Noah Robey, who is 125 years old, and an inmate o£ a New Jersey poorhouse, is declared to have drunk whisky all his life, to have smoked a pipe since childhood, and to be now in such vigor that doctors say be is in his 'third childhood,' and may live indefinitely. Noah is an obstinate old man, and 'tis in his grave he should have been for a good 90 years at least, if the faddists know anything about their business. * * * * They run in all shapes. Here is an advertisement from the London 'Mining Journal' —' A military officer, on leave. who knows a practicable winter r ;ute to the Klondike fields. wishes to associate himself wiih an experienced mining engineer in forming a small party of gentlemen t*» proceed thither early in November'—and on the s me page another: 'The attention of the managing committee of the Emigrants 1 Information Office having been drawn to various advertisements of persons or syndicates professing to despatch partu s of emigrants and prospectors to the Klondike aol J fields, the public is warn- d that these goldfields are not at present accessible. * * * * According to the American papers lynch law has claimed its first victim among the Klondike miners, in the person of William -G. Martin, of St Louis. His crime was stealing a side of bacon under strets of his stock of his provisiocs running low. He was one of a party of about thirty men,who had encamped on the shor- s of Lake Bennett, on the Klondike trail, and when the fact of the theft was made known a search was instituted, and in Martin's provision bag was found the stolen food, rhceupon the miners sat down in council, and after brief deliberation decided that the man should be hanged The sentence was duly carried out. and a committee o* three of the miners issued- a signed justification of thtir action. * * * * Woomera's last, End one of the b?st:—A mining story fnrn the West.—A prominent mine manager, being, unable to get miners, had to engage au>' willing ban -s to sink a haft from 60ft to 100ft. Two sailors, who ran away from their ship, made application for the job, ar.d were put on, and told y the mauager what to do. Down the pair wen>", and started work. After firing the first shot one descended th« shaft to see the result, but discovered '4ft of water in the bottom. The manager, going his rounds a short time sfte", noticed the men looking very disconsolate, sitting at the pit head ' Not at work Y he inquired. ' Not at work 1' came the answer. * i shou'd think not, indeed. We've gone and scuttled tne d— mine.' * * * * The local outcry against over- crowding in the medical profession is evidently not joined in by the * Hospital.' That paper tells the old story of a Scottish laird who brought home the intelligence that he had invited a large party to dine and sleep, and whose wife tearfully asserted that t he house did not contain sufficient beds to meet the requirements of the expected visit'rj. ' Dinna fash youisel', Maggie, 5 replied the laird, ' gin jou gie whusksy eneuch they'll just find beds for theirsells.' Very much the same thing, our contemporary thinks, might be said for the medical students of to-day. If a medical man be well taught, and if he has received his teaching with a determination to turn it to profitable' account, so as to qualify himself to do his r'uty <o hi- patients, he they rich or poor, great rr small, he will be quite certain to find himself a bed somewhere. In the old days of American journalism in outlying settlements and new. cities the Editor was supposed to keep a fighting man on the premises to interview contributors and other aggrieved persons. He was a very useful adjunct, for When all talk waE spent, A six-shooter had he and a sharp bowie To point his argument. The need for a fighting man on the editorial staff has not yet passed away entirely, for in the town of Willimantic, Conn, U.S.A., the Editor has been serenaded and kept awake by fusillades of brickbats, and his wife has had tar thrown over her clothes, possibly by people whose poems have not been accepted, or who dislike the politics or the stories in the columns of the paper. Willimantic, in Connecticut, is orobably a small place, and the editorial 'we' affords no protection. * * * * ' While Jvdge Docker was presiding in the court at Forbes (N.S.W.) on Thursday, a gold watch and chain were stolen from his coat, which was hanging in his room in the court.' * * * « Great Cassar's ghost and all the gods 1 Great everything beyond us, Great alligators, snakes and things Pray hearken and respond us, What shall be done the wretched thief Who stole the judge's ticker, And maybe sold the same that he \- Might liberally liquor 2 And Docker's watch ? That awful judge Who on a four years'sentence, Because a powder tin -he stole, A man for that time.sent hence, What awful, dreadful fate shall be His if the Fates deny him The chance to get away unscathed 1 OMSES : Let Docker try him ; Not one, nor five nor seven years Will be his lawful portion, Y«u bet your boots and Sunday clothes His ' turn' will be ' a caution.' Amongst our lady friends we have the privilege of numberir e more than a few of those who ^rofes-, the Hebrew faith. Amongst these are, say Mrs Isaacs and Mrs Marks, two of a quartette thoroughly satisfied that cards were not invented entirely that old and respectable maidens aad young and guileless matrons might use them for the purpose of telling fortunes. As a matter of fact the ladies enjoyed a game for what there was in it, and played every time for all Uiat was down. On a certain occasion—a solemn occasion—for the preliminaries to the marriage of the heir of the Marks fatniiy with t hedaughter of the house of Isaacs were to be arranged that evening, the ladies met and played whist for sixpenny points. But some ill-timed observations of o;:e of the iadies ha i spoiled the game, and Mrs Jacobs intimated that the next hand would be played without any remarks. Whereupon Mrs Marks arose, adjusted her dress before leaving, and said, ' Well, if you d-;n't want 'Enery Marks, you don't want 'Enery Mark's mother, and 1 wish you all ' Good evening.' ' Which she did. and another good match went bung all on account of one of those trifling mistakes into which even the most caref nl student of English may so easily be betrayed. ., * » * ' There is great excitement in London as to the probable result of the first test nratcli. i ourly reports of t^e play axe being cabled. 1 —News item. Australia. 1st innings ... 237 England 1st innings ... 551 . Australia, 2nd innings, one wicket ' "126 All right, Old England, here we ar . a'l going strong and willing, Aud fighting like your s ras oft fought who took the sergeant's shilling, Not over bright the outlook is, as we these lines are writing. But chalk it up where England reads, 'WE'RE DOWN, BUT STILL WFI'EH; FIGHTING.' Not one shot makes us strike our flag, one Dunch doa't give us dizziness ; One yelp won't make us climb a tree, we're in this thing for business; One man HAS sold his native land and pulled a traitrous trigger, But still we'ie at you. Johnny Bull, Old England AND the nigger—• In dayE of old, when knights were bold," as we have read in story, he hearts that bled and blades dyed red, blef% dyed, for ' ENGLAND S GLOKY,' nd graiH Old England though she be— our Mother Land—God bless Her, No drop of blood of ours but's hers should trouble e'er distress her) She's got us down and figuies show—the hearts at H«mc delighting— On pa er we ar» badly oeat—but Johnny, still we're fighting— We'll mix it with them to the last while leg or arm possessing. And hopefully regard as ours the G d of • Ba'ties' blessing; And perhaps—who knows? The way is long, but may be there's a turning Which hides from but the prophet's eye the future's fair discerning. The chance of battle may be ours when falls the final wicket; And England may once more exclaim : 'DOWK UNDER THEY PLAY CRICKET.' Remember, England, once bafore in su:lr a fix you found us— With many a score of runs to make, the wire went on you'd 'downed' us. But beaten though we seemed tD be, and badly though we'd figured, Our last men made the runs which won, and England—well we sniggered— It may be—and it may be otherwise, but Britain, Remember that the game is not of monkey and of kitten, And anyway and anyhow, Old England, you're tbe bigger; We're down, and fighting strong and game, and AIN'T BUNG IN A NIGGER. ' L would gladly lay the world nt your fegt, the young man exclaim^, ' Dear me,' sighed Mabel, 'I almost wi'h you hadn't said that' 'Why?' 'Father is always saying you act as if you own the earth.' Doctor: ' I am exceedingly proud of the .fact, Miss Chips, that since I have been in practice I have not lost a single patient.' Mis? Chipn : ' How sad, doctor! Ann will the poor people never get better ?' I had a look at Bolger's string on Sunday (says 'Pegasus'). Le Var is looking the picture of health, and the son oE Lonhiel has improved wondrously since he won at Coolgardie. Should he keep well he is certain to render a great account of himself in the Perth Cup. Yale Lock is also doing well, and The Black Rock has thickened a good deal lately. Kilt, who is every inch an aristocrat, is not as forward as his trainer would like. The colt met with a nasty accident, which threw him out of wo<-k for a loiig time. Bolger has, in a few weeks, done wonders with the ch*»snut, who is coming on every day. He is one of the best qualified colts one would see in a day's march, has a nice temperament and revels in his work. In another year, with ordinary luck, Kilt will have developed into a racehorse of the first water. Sundial, an angular chestnut by Somerset, is doing nicely This horse will pay his oat bill in th« near future. One of the finest-looking colts in tbe stable is Yakarong, who has all the traits of the Glorious family, but he, too, will want time. Cressy is an occupant of one of the boxes. The gallant little brown was badly cut in a fall she received, but treated by. Bolger himself she has quite recoverel, and will in all probability soon be seen under silk again. 