llPRIIOflllLL CHAPTER XXII.— (Continued.) She saw the gleam of white satin and costly laco, a face dork, proud, and piquant, and jewels that might hare cost a kind's ransom Bwingiug from the pink, shell-like ears, and running like a rirer of fire around the white throat and bare, gleaming armB. In that moment she remembered whoro she bad Been that young girl before. Her thoughts travelled quickly back to that stormy night when she, penniless Oiid friendless, stood on the stone, snow- covered steps of the Rochester mansion in tno terrible enow-storra, begging of tbia self-same girl, vrbo had peered at her from behind the footman, who bad answered tbe bull, to be per mitted to Eee Arthur Rochester for just one little minute, and how uoldly and cruelly this girl bad refused and ropu'sflii her, and how she had turned slowly away, facing the storm and tbe darkness again, praying Heaven to let hur die and end it all, the world was so cruel and hard. Under what strange circumstances they wore to meet now I ' You two will be rival beauties,' liiughecl Mrs. Treebam, good-naturedly. ' Have a care for youi1 laurels, lonio.' 'She ia young, beautiful, and very happy, I sup *po3o — is she P Does her— her— lover love her very much ?' The fair face palod us she asked the question, oh, bo wistfully, and tho crimson lipa trembled ; but Mrs. Tresham did not notice it. She laughed heartily. ' What an old-fashioned question ! I do not know. People do not think of that kind of thing. It iu about the last inquiry I should over think of making.' . 'I — I — do not know what I oould have boon thinking of,' faltered Ionie. ' Of course such a question is highly absurd.' ' As she is young and beautiful, I should say yen, her lover must be attached to her. Ho is not marrying her for her gold, for he himself is quite as wealthy. It is, of course, a love match i but, then, tho attachments of. men, dear friend, are matters of little moment,' added the lady, with -* delicious libtlo laugh. Outfrardly, Ionie sat perfectly still — perfectly unconcerned— tho cluster of rosoB hardly stirring with her breath ; bat her heart was beating, her pulee was throbbing, every nerve thrilling, her 'eyes half drooped ; she felt the magic of his presence as he advanced, tho spell that no one else in this' world could throw around her. Just for one little minute she lost her high spirits | Bho faltorcd in her speech ; then she was herself ugain ; a oaroleaB smile played around her lips. She knew that Arthur Rochester was watch ing, her; their byos had met. lie save a violent start, and answered at ran dom, half inooborontly, the question Elaine was asking him. ?' Arthur,' cried Elaino, 'I do not believe yon hear or cure for what I am telling you, What are you watching so intnntly P You look so white one could almost fancy in this ball-room you had seen a ghost.' ? ' Heavon help mo, I have,' ho mutlorod, under bis breath — ' a ghost of the dead, past love,' Aloud ho said : '.' Pardon me if I (corned remiss, , Elaiao. I am ashamed to confess I was lost in thought. I promise you it shall not occur again.' A fooling of pique stirred in his heart, too, as he gazed upon tbe face of the girl ho had loved better than life itself, and lost. ' ' She shall see tjhat others appreciate mo,' ho thought, dcaperntoly, and applied himself assidu ously to'tUo task of entertaining Elaine. Ionio watched thorn until she grew faint and heart-side with tho pain of it. When the dancing, mirth, and music wore at thoir height, she turned to Miss Oarrisoourt, with -. a shuddering ory. . ' I am tired of it all, and weary;' sho said. 'I wish wo could go home.' ? ' ' That ia imposaiblo, my, doar, owing to tho foot that the ball is given in your honor,' she replied, adding slowly t ' I think I know viliy you do not oaro to stay. Arthur Rochester is bore.' ? ' That can make no difference to mo,' returned Ionie, proudly. ' You best know why you 'sent him away, doar,' returned Miss Oarriacourfc, pityingly. 'A word— a' look would bring him to your nido again. Do not bo rash' whoro tho happiness of two lives is at stake, Child.' ' If it worn to be done ovor again ' I should do just what I did then,' she answered, ' Say no more. I— I will Btay. I must loarn to sohool my self to mooting him,' she moaned under her breath. She turned with a smile to Frank Lyons, who was hovering near her. ' ' You asked for one danoe,' Bho aaid, with a Btnilo so oharraing that it fairly dazzled him j 'and in roturn for your ooosidoration, .!? will give you ? four. That ie your favourite dance— tho lancers. Shall wo join tho group directly in front of na P' Ho waa.only too glad to eagerly aBBont, ' I will show him that I do not oaro,' thought Ionie, Bummoning up all her bravery, as Bho al Jowod Prank Lyons to lead hor out upon tho floor past Arthur. Roohoator. No ono would have thought, to havo wafcohed hor bright eyes and smiling face, that tho girl's hearts was broalcing i that tho lights and the musio and tho lauRhbar were mnokory to bar. The bitternst drop in all hor oup of wos whs to nofco how oblivious Arthur seemed of hor presence, after that flr»fc caroiesu glanco and salutation an ho panRod her by. How quiokly ha had forgotten hor' and sought AnnonlnHAn In nnnf.hnr'n lnvn. . ? .How sho wished oho bad not coma to tho ball. Life would bo ao inexpressibly droary for hor after thiB, Shortly aftor Elaino was brought up to Ionic by Mrs. Troalmin and presented to her. Elaino holdout nor hand with n oharming smile, wondorlng at tho ohlllinoas with whloh this young girl aoknowlod tho presentation, and saying oor dially i ?????. ? ' ..' I hopp wo shall bo tho boBtof1 friends, ,Miaa '?'' La wronoo. I am impulsive— pardon mo it I say ?I Hko you olroudy.' .',-??. -| ' ' Sho dooa not know that wo both loro tho same man,' Ionio thought, looking into tho proud, beautiful faco. ; At that momont oho of lonio's partnora olairaod hor, nnd with a bow and with a fow oourteoua words \- to Elaine, sho turned away. A. raomont lator Arthur Roohestor oauie up to Elaine. 'What are you thinking P' ho asked, with an attempt at gaiety. '-Your face, is qultia a Btudy.' ' Of fcho now dobutanti?,— Miss Lawronoo,' Bho said, abruptly. 'What do you think of her P' ho wkod, hosi tatingly. ?' Sho !a qultn aa boautlful aa report Bays,' Bho aunworod j ' but'aho haa a haarb otVmarblo or ior-. . I havo novor mot a girl Hko hor.' CHAPTER XXTII. ' Sho has no heart,' repeated Elaine. 'Tlioy loll mo Bho in botrothod to Mr. Lyons, who naod to be a chum of yours at ono tlmo, Arthur, and I marvel at it, wondering how ho could ovor havo bronohnd tho imbjoot of lovo to a girl Hko that. ' Arthur Roohim'tor turnud away, his faco flushing then paling ntniugoly. ' Sho has no hoard I' How oddly tho worda utruok him I Ho know differently. Ho romembored that bcoho by tho fountain — bow fchov had watohed tho rippling wiitorHklsaod by tho golden light of tho uturB, and (danding thero in thn whito, bright moonlight, with tho porfuroo of tho tonon round fclmm ; how ho hud told Imilo tho story of hlfl lov« I how tbo colour hud fliiinacl into thpao diinnlod ohooltn (in hnr oycm drooped from Ula an nlio admitted, with iiwi-'ot, girlish lionitnnoy, thut Bho lovotl him an dearly aa ho lovfld bur. Thai flrl and thin Boomod two wholly different poraonB. That on* rndlnnt with tho light of lovo , this one, lit. Blnli.0 had truly naid, lHc« a ninrbln ntatuo. Whnthnd bo nbaiiRoc Ionio P It was a Stoat puarfo to him. Wan uho happy with Lyons P Ko watohud tlmm narrowly, anx oiwly. Ho had always bnHnvod that Im could moot -hor oalmly should they ovor hy chance bo thrown Into society togothor. no found that it had boon a' dA«BUoawntohoa hor rIWIijps through tho vwnlte ?with Lynna a frothy oP joalousy ooomod to lako S«.M.fon of him. 'Ho Mfc llbo going up to them and fcondng Uor from Lvona olnop. « ' £ cannot bear it,' said Ionie, coding up to Miss CariiBcourt at lust. 'The lights and the music tire me.' 'Coma into the muBic-room and rest quietly, a few moments,' suggested Mibs Carriscourt. 'The excitement haa unnerved you.' ' Shall I accompany you P' asked Lyons, eagerly. 'Only as far as the door,' responded Ionie, coldly. Ha offered her bis arm, tbe other to her chaperon, and they left tho glittering ball-room; 'There is no chance for quiet even here,' ex claimed Ionie, disappointedly, observing a group at the farther end of the room clustered about the piano. As Bbe turned away, some of tho young girls came hurriedly forward. 'Don't go back just yet, Ionie,' they cried, ' Mr, Rochester is going to «ing. Come up to the piano and hear him.' And, glancing in that direction, in the midst of a group of young gentlemen and pretty girls, she saw Arthur. ' No, no,' panted Ionie j '. I cannot ! Let me go?' ' Not until you bavc beard at least one song. You do not know what a musical treat it will be,' they declared. ' Mr. Rochester sings divinely. Then you shull go back to tho bul'-room if you Hko.' ' ' Very reluctantly Ionie allowed herself to be drawn towards the group surrounding Arthur. He had beon declaring that he could not sing he had too bad a cold i but when he Baw Ionie ap proaching, with a strange expression on her band soino face, he changed his mind at once. ' Your persuasions have conquered me, young ladies'' he said, in a. low voice, seating himself at the instrument, ' Now what flhall it be ?' 'Your favourite song,' chorused all tho young ladies in a breath. He bowed. ' My favourite it shall be, then,' ho said. A dead silence fell over the occupants of the music-room as Arthur ran hiB white, Bh'apely fin gers over the keys. Like tho fluttering moth, that seems insensibly to feel tho danger 'of the flame around which it hovers, yet unable to break away. Ionio drew nearer still to her old lover. Tbe wind Btirred among tbo crimson roseB that tosBed their fragrant treasures against tho open window near where Ionie stood, - and even the brilliant pendants of tho chandeliors seomud. to tremble as Arthur's deep, melodious voice thrilled through the room. As tho first lines fell from his impassioned lips, he could not resist the impulse to raise bis eyes to lonio's face ; . then, seeing she was pale as death, he lowered tho white lids over his aoorcbing oyes, and never raised thorn again until ho had finished ; and these were tho words he sang : ' I think of oil tuou art to rae ;1 I dream of what tliou onnat not be ; Sly Hie Is ourscd with thoughts ot tliee, Forever and forever. ' My heart Is full of grief and woo ; ' I seo thy face where'er I roj I would, nlRS I it wero not bo, Forever nnd forever. ' PcrcUanoe, if wo had nover met, I had been spared tills rain regret, Tlila endlesB striving to forgot, Forever and forever. , ' Perotmuco, if tuou wert far away, Did I not sec Mice day by day, I might agoln be blithe and gay, Forever and lorover. ' Ah, no, I oould not bear tho pain Of never seeing theo again ! 1 cling to tbee with might and main, Forever and forever. 11 Ah, lcavo rae not ! I love but thee, .. illessliiR or ouraa, wlilolio'er you bo I Oh, be us thou hnet been to me, Forever and forever 1 ' ' Delightful ! Oharming I' chorused tho bevy of young girls, as the last note of tbo passionate refrain died away. ' Won't you.favour'us with ono more song, Mr. Rochester P Only one more,' tbny persisted. i Ionie could not have uttered one word to havo saved her life. Those ' thrilling words seemed to have dazed her senses, paralyzed her heart. i Like one in a dream, she stood loaning against t-.li » niann. avari nff.nr hft had flnlnlirirl. Rhn dnrnd not raise her eyes, for she. tolt, intuitively, that he. was gazing' straight into hor face; and. . she know, too, that overy word had been intended for her, ? ? ' Was it mount in deep feeling, or — or sarcasm P' was tho thought that whirled madly through her bruin. If he had narod so much about her, and mourned losing her, ho oould novor have consoled himself with another love. {To be continued.) 