THE TURE Nominations for the Caltowie race3 on j January 27 are due on Friday. Detaiis appear in our advertising columns. s The committee of the A.R.C. have issued notice to those who are interested in the Ferry ! case to l.e present at their office at 2 p.m. on j Friday, when the rehearing of the case will take place. Mr. Allen, who was injured by his fall with Bombastic, is not progressing so favorably as could be wished. t Another turf scandal is to be the subject of investigation by the V.R.C. committee. It 13 an up-country case this time, and the matter is a serious one, says the An/us. At the last Kyneton races a rider in one ol the events was, it is alleged, approached and offered certain inducements to " pull" his horse. He refused to seriously consider the matter, but the story goes ho was made "safe" in another way, as, in the course of the race his horse was so badly interfered with that he came down. An affidavit has been made to this effect, and witnesses have been called by the V.R.C. committee for Friday next, when evidence will ; be taken. The outcome of this latest turf scandal will be awaited with some interest by sporting men, more especially a3 the parties said to be con cerned are well known to the racing public. The unlucky horse during the holidays was Parthenopseus, who ran four seconds—one at the A.J.0. meeting and three at Tattersall's meeting. On Saturday he finished second to Survivor for the New Year's Gift, and later on Witchery beat him in the Welter Handi cap. The bookmakers had a very tropical time at Epsom on Saturday, when four first and two second favorites won. Nanette, who won the Trial Handicap) at Epsom on Saturday, won a similar event at the January meeting of the Epsom Club last year. Six appears to be the lucky number in racing this year. AtFlemington on Friday Tapage and Norseman carried saddle-cloths numbered six, whilst at Epsom on Saturday six was hoisted first on three occasions by Mr. Woods. John Wilson, jockey, trainer, and rider of Heretic in the Hurdle Race at the recent Whitton races,_ died in the Narrandera Hospital on Friday from injuries, received in the race. Heretic was coming home in the last round leading by about 10 lengths, and when at the last hurdle he slightly touched the top rail Wilson was thrown on his head and died soon afterwards. At the Hanging Rock races on New Year's Day, writes the Woodend correspondent of the Arpns, Bischoff wliilo running in the Hurdle Race swerved to the left, and, besides taking the hurdle, cleared the enclosure fence, landing among the spectators. A boy named Sutton, 10 years of age, was struck on the head by the horse's hiiid foot, and sus tained a dangerous scalp wound. Dr. Smith, of Kyneton, and Dr. Lines, of Woodend, attended to the sufferer, who had a marvel lous escape from death. Mr. J. Rae, who is an enthusiastic sports man in New Zealand, ana prides himself upon the quality of his jumping stock, had' the dis tinction of running first and "second in the Auckland Steeplechase on Saturday with Levanter and Kingswood. Levanter, who is a sturdy battler over steeplechases, is undoubtedly one of the best jumping horses - in New • -Zealand. Last season he only won one race, -but it was a brilliant achievement, as he carried off the Great Northern Steeplechase by a nose from Liberator—another of the cracks of that colony.- The distance was three miles and a half—the same as Saturday's race. At the same meeting Kingswood won a selling steeplechase over three miles, and Mr. Rae I got him back for 25 sovs. The Royal Stakes, | value 500 sovs, was won by Gold Medallist, with Paul and Sir Launcelot in the places. The Great Northern Derby was won by Nestor, by St. Leper. " The winner of the Tattersall's Club. Cup at Randwick on Saturday, Fadladeen, boasts excellent breeding, being by that fine horse The Australian Peer from Lalla Rookb. He is stoutly built, and he has his -best time to come yet, being now only a 4-year-old. He belongs to Mark Thompson, Mr. Qxenham's private trainer,' who prepared Waterfall for his Caulfield Cup. At the A.J.C. meeting he won the High Weight Welter Handicap, beating Tom, who was well backed for the Summer Cup, and in that race Fadladeen put the winner, Damien, at his top in the run home by a desperate challenge. On that form he stood out promisingly for the second cup, and has justified the confidence of those who made' him favorite by winning easily. Damien made no show, his penalty evidently finding him out. The Merry 13oy ran close up to the placed horses, so that he must be re covering from the injuries he sustained in the accident he' met with at Albury railway station. Fadladeen won the same High Weight Welter Handicap at the' A. J. C. Summer meet ing of 1895, but never once in 11 other races that he started for did he manage, to win. The veteran "Victorian boxer, Abe Hiclcen, is returning to England, and taking with him his son, a light-weight jockey, who has'been riding for Miv S. G. Cook, but who will, enter Porter's stable at " Newmarket as-an appren tice. Young Hicken only scales 5 st. 10 lb. Abe Hicken has had many a tough encounter, and in the majority of cases came ofi»a winner, but according to' his own story the worst doing he ever had was by a ghost, or spring heeled' Jack, who knocked him down and jumped upon him late one night in the Fitzroy Gardens, but as there was a cargo" of Walker j on board it is no wonder that Abe got the worst of his encounter with the "spirit." 