■THIRD BOOK. The Devil's: Acre. 1 Chapter XL Oa " the. day of - the , drawing-roommeeting a f. largo company gathered.; 1:1 the;, hall .'•at Belgrave-square. .Mercy Mnckray, how Lady; Robert Pre, back from tlie honeymoon,. re ceived the guests for her mother, whose' weak heart and a headache kept lier upstairs.' Her husband-stobdaside, chewing* the end of his mqustahhetand^lobking. through his hyeglass with agleani of amuded'iriteVestm his glitter ing eye.- .There' were' iriany ladies, alhfashion . ably'dressed, and one of them word a seagull's wing in her hat, with part of; the root left •visible painted red, to show that it' had been ; torn out' of the living, bird. The men were" nearly all clergymen, arid the. cut of their cloth and -the fashions' Of their 'ties indicated the various; complexions ■ of their: creeds. They glanced .at each other with looks of embarrass ment,.and Mrs. Callender, who_ camo in like a breeze off a Scottish moor, said; audibly that she had never seen ''so many.crows on oiio tree before."; ' .The' archdeacon was there with his head up, talking loudly to Lady Robert. She stood motionless iri her place, never turn ing her .eye towards John Storm, though it was , plain that was'was.lookitig at him constantly.' More than-; once he caught an expression of pain in her face, and felt pity for- her, as one of the brides who had acted the lib of marrying without love. But his spirits' were high ; he welcomed everybody, and even bantered Mrs." ..Ca]leriderwheh;'ahe'tol33'him-'she'".objected. tdP1 the hale 'thing,'" and- eaid, -" Weel, weelr -bide ye ar>vbet"' J-: -o'oi. jl ei Jr esa.i*u» .-aut>. The archdeacon gave the signal, and led the way with Iiady Robert to the drawing-room, ■where-Mrs. -Mackray, redolent of perfume,1'; was -reclining - on a :sofa with.-the .: "lady poodle" by her side. ! As soon as the company wbre seated tlie'arch'deacon rose and coughed loudly. "Ladies and gentlemen," he said, "we have no assurance of; a; blessing, except ' Ask and ye shall receive.' < Therefore, before we go i further it is.our duty as brethren of a common i family in ."Christ-" to- ask- "the "'blessing " of j Almighty. God on this enterprise." I ■ There was a subdued.rustle of drooping hats i and bonnets,,when suddenly a thin voice was ; heard to say," "Mr. Archdeacon, may I en-1 quire first who is to ask the blessing ?" . 1 ■ "I thought, of doing so ^myself," said the: archdeacon; with'a lofty smile. -. - i "In that case, as a) Unitarian, I must ob ject to an invocation in -which I- do not be lieve." ■. .. ■ "Well, if the name of our Lord is a stum bling-.block to our Unitarian brother, no doubt the prayer in this'instance would be accep table.-witbout the customary Christianbenedic. tion." ■.'•'::.. ■•■ ■! "■ "That's just like you,", said.a large man near the door with whiskers . all round his face. "You've been trimming and compro mising all your life, and now you are going to trim away the name , of the Lord Jesus Christ." ; "'If our -Low Church brother thinks he can do better I shall be happy to resign the duty in his favor,", said the archdeacon. : r '-'But,; sir," said another..voice, '.'.I.object to both of you. ' Being a Catholic -priest, and, therefore, the only clergyman' present whose ordination is valid,. I decline to sit here and be superseded in the sacred office by any lay man." " • There was a half-suppressed titter from the wall at the back, where Lord Robert Ure was standing with his face screwed up to his eye glass. But the Unitarian 'had risen again, i "Slay I;" he said, sauvely, "as the first cause i of this unhappy: difference, . pour. oil on the troubled;waters ? I propose that the venerable archdeacon be requested'to repeat theUord's prayer.- I think that will be unobjectionable' to the representatives of all Christian denomi nations.":' '...■' ! A murmur of relief was-passing over the company when a"> bushy-bearded man rose and said "As an agnostic I must object to the Lord's prayer, the very first clause of it being beyond all possibility of human knowr ledge." - ... ; Then there' was blank .dismay and Lord Robert's face seemed to :be cracking under his moustache from ear to ear. - . ,... ' John Storm had looked icy coldy though the' twitching of his lciwerJip showed that he was red hot.within. , "Ladies and gentlemen," he said, in a quavering, voice, " I apologise for .bringing you together. I thought if _ we were in earnest about the union of Christendom we might at least unite iti the real contest with evil. But I find it is a dream. We have, only been trifling with ourselves,'.and "there is not one of-us who wants the union of Christendom except, on the condition that his' rod shall be'like Aaron's-rod, - which swallowed up all the rest. It was a mistake, atid I beg your pardon." "Yes; sir," said the'archdeacon,"it was a ■mistake, and if you had taken my advice from the first and asked the blessing of God through good high Churchmen alone—" "God doesn't , wait for-any asking," said John, now flushingup to the eyes. " Ho gives freely to High" Churchmen ■ and Low Church men and no Churchmen alike." "If'that is your-opinion, sir; your are no better than: your friend, the agnostic there, an^ for my partT will never darken your door again.-" ' ■ • ..••Darken : is a' good word for it, arch deacon." .said John, and. with that.- the com pany broke up.. : . - Mrs. Mackray looked like a thundercloud as John bowed to lier on passing out, but Mrs. Callender cried in :a jubilant-voice,; "Be cap ,tain of your own ship, . laddie," and added (being - two yards behind the arohdeacon's broad back going down the stairs), '.'If that 'deacon man . is to be an inheritor of the.king dom of heaven there be a michty crush at the pearly gates, I'm thinking." ; ...John Storm-went back to Sobo with aheavy heart. Going up "Victoria-street be; passed, a I crowdj of. fagged people who were,ploughing their way- through the carriages. Two police-1 men were taking a man and a woman to the Police Court in Rochester Row. The prisoners were Sharkey, the keeper of the gambling; House, and bis wife, the baby farmer. . But within a week John Storm, in greater spirits than" ever, was writing to • Glory again :—, :• -v:' - : ■., " "The archdeacon,;bad deserted me, but no matter..- . My uncle has'advanced me another thousand of my mother's money, so the crusade is self; supporting in one sense: at all events. You would" be amused to see how the women of the West-End are taking it up—Lady Robert Ure. among the rest.; They have banded them selves.', into a sisterhood, and christened our elkgy house a ' Settlement.' One of my Greek owners: came in. the Joiffier evening to see the alterations. : His eyes glistened at the.change,' and he asked leavo to • bring a friend. X. trust you are well and settling things comfortably,; and; that .Miss Macquarrie ,has,gone; It is raining through a colander here, but, I have no' time to; think "of • depressing weather. Sometimes whetiX:. cross our great squares, ivhere the birds sing among the yellowing leaves, my mind goe3 off to your'sweet home in the sunshine ; and ; when I .droji into the. dark, alley's and lanes where the pdle-faced' children play in their poverty and, rags,. I think of a day that is coming,; and, God. will ing, is now sonear,. when a ministering angel of- tenderness . and' strength will be passing through them like a gleam. But I am more than ' ever sure that - you do . well to avoid; for tho present the pompous . joys of life' in London, where :fori ono' happy being there; are ■ a thousand pretenders to happi ness."' - On the Sunday night iollowing (Jrook-Iane outside the clergy house'was almost blocked, with.noisy people of both sexes. They were a detachment of the' "SKeletons, and .the talk, among them wat ot the trial'of the Sliarkeys, which , had taken place the. day before. "They've 'ed six npntus," said,one; "and it's all along o'minjee: parsons," said another; and Charlie Wilkes, who 'had a cer tain reputation for humor, did a step dance and enncrenmc rtrwcrsrel heciilninEr " Father Storm sang some doggerel beginning "Father Storm is a wery good man, 'o does you all the 'arm .Is can." , , Through this crowd two gentlemen pushed their way to.the clergy house, which, was bril liantly lit up. One of thi-m was "the Greek owner,'' the other was Lord RohercUrp.' En tering a large room cm the ground floor they first came upon John Storm, in cassock and biaretta, standing-at the door and* shaking hands with, everybody who came.in and went out.- He- betrayed' no surprise, but greeted theni respectfully and then- passed them on. Every moment of his time was occupied., The room" was full of the.young girls of the district, with hero and there a sister out of another | world entirely.: Some were reading, some conversing, some- laughing.- some playing a piano, and some singing; . Their voices filled the air like the chirping of birds, nnd their faces were bright and happy. .."Good evening, father," thev- said; on entering, and "Good night, father," as they went awav. . The two men stood some minutes and looked 1 ronnd at the room;- It was observed that Lord Robert did not remove his hat. He. kept chew-, ing the end of a deerepid cigarette, whereof the other end hung down his chin, One of the sisters heard him say, "It will do with a little alteration, I think." Then he went' off Alone.' and the Greek owner ■ stepped: up to j John Storm, :. I Tt was not at first that John could attend! to-him, and when lie was ahle to do.so he 1 began: to rattle oh about his own affairs, j "See," he said with a delighted, smile, and a1 wave of the anil. " see how crowded we: are. [ We'll have to think of taking in the next door ! soon." j "Father Storm,'-' said the Greek, "I have' something serious, to say, though the official j notification will of course reach you by another channel." . . John's face darkened as a- ripe cornfield does when the sun dies away from it. „ ' " I am sorry to tell you that the trustees, having had a favorable 'offer for this pro perty.-' . . " Well 1" . . His great staring eyes had stopped the man. :■■■ ■ ■■ ■ c;-/-'. . j " Have decided to sell."/ • | "Sell? Did you say 8e— . .. . . To,, whom ... What ?" . i ; " To toll you the truth, to the syndicate of a music nail." I John staggered back, breathing audibly. I '■'Now,.if a man had to believe that. _ . ■ . . Do you know, - if I though t such a thing could happon. ....... . -■ _ " I'm sorry you take the matter so seriously, Father Storm. It's,true. you've spent money on the property, but believe me, the trustees will derive no benefit, v. . ".Profit? Money? Do you suppose I'm thinking of.that, and not of the desecration, tho outrage, the horror? But whoare they,.?;' Ib that man . . . -That lord . . ■ . j .The Greek had nodded his head and John,' opening the- door, cried, "Out of this ! Out of it, you Judas!" And almost before the: Greek had crossed the threshold the door was banged at his back. The inoident had been observed-and there was dead silence in- the clubroom, but John only cried,. "Let's sing something, girls," and when the sister struck, up his favorite, Ffazarotb, there was no voice so loud as his voice. But he had realised everything. Gloria was coming back and the.work of months was over-; thrown. -. : j When he was going home groups of the girls were talking in whispers in the hall, and Mrs. Pincher, who^was -wiping , her eyes,. at the door,." I wonder you don't drown ydurself, I dO." " ' I At the corner of the lane Mr; Jupe Was waiting for Him to beg his pardon and to ask .hjs advice. ^What he Jia.d said, "if Mrs.. 'Jupe, hadjutned out, to' be true.''The Sharlreys aA^gpht i;bn her\aiKl;slie' ha# been arrested.' ■ .It \vas''all1'iri'rthe.'^v6hi!iil pi^rs'Tast ni^ht, ■ the week'creature whimpered. • " Oh, my poor; Lidjer! What am I to"do?*' i : "Do? Cut her off like a-rotten limb,!' said: John seorniully, and with that he strode down: the street. The human sea roared around him, j and ho felt as if lie wanted to fling1 himself in to the midst of it and be swallowed up. Poor champion of women, thrown down and trodden -on by the very woman in whose name he had worked. ■ ■ ^ ■ ■ ■ ■ . - "On .-reaching :Victoria-square he told Mrs. Callender the news; flung it out at her with a sort of triumphant shout.-His church had-been sold over his head, and being only "Chaplain :to the Greek Turks," he was to be-turned into the streets. Then he laughed wildly, and by some devilish impulse began,.to. abuse Glory. '" The next chaplain is to, be a girl," he cried. "Oner of those creatures who live "by their" looks and throw kisses at gaping crowds, and sweep curtsies for their dirty crusts." • But all at once he turned white as - a ghost, and -sat down trembling. 'Mrs. Callonder's face was _ twitching, and to'prevent herself from .crying: she burst iiitb scorching satire. "There!".she said, sitting in her rocking chair, Tand "rooking : herself " furiously, MI kenn'd weel what it would come til! ■ Ad versity inak's a man. wise, they- say,- if it dosena mak' him rich. But it's the Prime Minister I blame for this. ■ The auld dolt, ho must be fallen to his dotage ! It's enough tb' inak' a reasonable body.go out.of her mind to thihk of sic wise asses; I told you what to expect, but you were always ^miscalling me: for a suspicious auld- woman. ■; 'Oh, it's .a thing, y'd no suspect, but Jane'Callender is only a daft auld fool, ye see,1- and doesna ken .what she's saying." ;. i , But at the next moment she bad.:jumped up and flung" her arms about John's neck, and ■was crying over liim-like a girl. ."Oh-.my son 1 My ain son 1 And. is it- for me to fling out atye? Aye, aye, it's: a heartless world, laddie.". - . . • He kissed the old woman and then she tried to coax him to eat. • " Come, come, a wee bitee, just a wee~bitee. We must eat our supper any way.". , . ■ 11 God seems dead and heaven a long way offj" he murmured. ■'And a drap o'whisky will do no harm—a wee drapee." • "There's only one thing clear—God sees I'm unfit for the work, so'-He has taken it away from me."- • • • -. •- . , ■■ . She turned aside from the table and the supper was left untouched. . The first post next morning brought a letter from Glory— "TheGarden House, "Clement's Inn, W.C.; . "Forgive me! . I have returned to town. I couldn't help it, I couldn't, I couldn't 1 London dragged tne back. Whatwas I to do after every thing was settled and; "the aunties ■provided for—assist iu a dame's school and wage war with pothooks and hangers? Oh, I was dying of weariness — dying, dying, dying. "And then they made me such tempting offers. Not the music hall—don't think that.: I daresay you were quite right there. No, but the theatre, the regular theatre. Mr. "Drake has" bought" some broken-down old place, arid is to turn it into a beautiful theatre expressly for me. • I 'am to plav. Juliet. Only think, Juliet, and in . your own theatre. Already I feel like a liberated slave who has crossed.her Red Sea. . -■: .■• ■ ■ ' ■■. .■' ... "And don't think a- woman's mourning is like the-Polonian laws, which last but three days. .- He.is buried-in my-heart, not in the earth, and I shall love him and revere-him always. And then didn't you tell 'me yourself it would not be right to allow his death to stop my life ? "Write and say you forgive .■.••me, John., Reply by return, and make yourself your own postman—registered. You'll find mo here at Rosa|s. Come,' come,. come ! I'll never. for give if yoii don't come soou^never, never !: :: ''.liLOET.;*, 