Our Tuesday's Tale. THE DEAD LOVER. The streets of the little mining town, with their steep sidewalks of flights of steps and inclined plains, were bright 1 and gay with people. There was to be an old folks concert at the hall, and the young people who were to participate, in their quiet costumes of brocade and lace, had congregated, with much fun and laughter, in the parlour of the one hotel, awaiting the time when they were to make their entrance to the concert-room, the men from one side and the women from the other, in the way of days gone by. The entertain ment was to close with a dance, the old folks being in costume. The girls were flitting about- the room, now pausing before the mirror to touch a powdered lock or to glauce at a velvet train. The young men, looking at first rather self-conscious in their unaccustomed clothes, the silk coats, ruffled shirts, and short breeches, joined the mutual admiration society, and all was lively with jokes and laughter and small rehearsals. A pretty girl with fluffy yellow hair and a white dress brocaded with silver was flitting about among the groups, enquiring— " Where's Tom ? Have you seen Tom 1 I do want to try our duet." " Lost Tom, Miss Amy f laughed Harry Hastings. " I declare you should take better care of your pro perty than that." " How do you know he is my pro perty ?" "Oh, a little bird told me. Now see here; if you'll promise me the se cond waltz to-night I'll go and look up the old fellow for you. Seen him since he dressed ? He ought to have lived in George Washington's time, he looked so well in those clothes." The girl blushed and promised, and Harry started on his quest. There was some confusion, and quite a little crowd about a door farther down the ball, and, as Hastings -paused, Tom M'Laughlin came from the room be yond. He was a very handsome young nao, though his face now looked white and solemn. " I say, old boy, what's the row ?" the other called. " You're wanted by a certain lady. Why, you look as if you had seen a ghost." " I have seen a man die." " Patterson f' "Yes." " Well, that's rough. Consumption, wasn't- it ?" " Yes," said Tra.'. orh£r. He made a motion to go in the op posite direction from the parlour. Hastings detained him. " Amy wants you." " Tell here I'll be there presently." "Well, don't be long ? we are going over to the hall very soon." Tom went op to his room. The scene he had just passed through had put him out of tune with the gay doings about him. He could still see the set eyes and quivering chin of the man who had died, and he, too, was young. When he went down to the parlour Amy was there alone, and decidedly cross. " I think it's too provoking of you Tom !" she pouted, fluttering her silver and white plumage. " They're all gone, and there isn't time to try our duet. Were have you been 1" " With poor Patterson ; he has just died." " Oh, how dreadful I But I don't see what made you go a visiting sick folk on the night of our concert," she said pettishly. The young man looked at her in sur prise. " Don't be cross, dear," he said. " The thiq(| has about upset me." He was fastening her cloak, and she made an impatient movement. " I used to drop in to see him every evening. The poor fellow was a stranger here, and lonesome. He came for his health. It cheered him up, he said, to hear what was going on, so to-night I went in to let him see me in these things; I thought it might amuse him ; but I found him just going." ' Fearful! But Tom, must hurry; they'll be waiting for us." " One moment, Amy. I want to ask you something. The poor fellow who died was expecting his girl to night in the midnight tfain. He sent for her ; think what a shock it will be for her when she comes ! Would you mind if I went up to the station to meet her and try to make it a little easier ?" " Mind ! I guess I should ! Any girl would! Why, it will be just supper time, and X don't want to be left without a partner." " I could get someone—" " I don't want anybody but you. I don't believe that girl is much, com ing here alone to see him." "Would you not do it for me, Amy V " Don't go asking horrid questions ! Mamma wouldn't think of letting me." " This poor girl hasn't any relations. J She works in an office, Patterson told me. He thought everything of her. j I don't see how you can help being j sorry for her !" J " Oh, X am! Now Tom, don't be ! disagreeable!" pouting. "Come, we j must go!" Tom sighed, and they w^nfc out into the snowy street. He could not feel in touch with the gaiety. He found himself continually thinking of that young life just gone, of the young girl journeying on in hope to find despair. Something crept into his tenor solo that night which made people say, " I didn't know Tom M'Laughlin could sing like that * it fairly made me cry." Amy had recovered her good nature. She laughed and danced and flitted about like a fairy. Tom took her to supper and roused himself to join in the gay talk. She thought he had forgotten their little difference. In the dusky hall, as they went back, she looked up at him with shining eyes. ! Tom," she whispered, " do you know you're splendidly handsome to night ?" For answer he took her In his arms and kissed her. " Oh, you bear," she laughed You've crushed my dress A tall man was standing by the door as they passed out. " Hullo, Jake !" called Harry Hast ings. " Why ain't you up at the sta tion? Going to let the pass j gers walk down?" . - ' Piejity-oiLtrme • train's late. Due at one-thirty." Tom heard. He took Amy into the hall, and her partner came to claim her; then he hurried over to the hotel, "Jake," he said, "I'm going with you." He ran up to his room, tore off his fancy dress, and on coming down wont into the office. The old man who watched the house was warming j his hands at the stove. | "Come, Johnny," he said, putting some money into his hand, " I want you to see that there is a good fire in the parlour when the 'bus gets back. I'm going up to meet poor Patterson's girl. She is coming to-night, and it is a cold ride down." " Poor girl! Sure, I'll do it, Mr Tom." Mr. M'Laughlin opened the dining room door. The tired waiters were clearing away the remains of the feast; the diminished line of din-er pails on the corner table showed that the miners working on the night shift had gone out. There was no sign, of the landlady. He shut the door. " Mrs. Cornish anywhere about, Uncle Johnny?" he asked. " Jist gone to her bed. She was after saying sbe was that tired she couldn't drag one fut behind the other." " I shall have to tell that poor thing myself," he thought, as he went out and climbed up beside Jake on the old 'bus for the mile's ride to the sta tion. The train came slowly through the deep cut, its two engines puffing. It stopped but an instant; the mails were thrown out and the passengers alighted. Two men and a lady. She was evi dently alone, and looked about her nervously. M'Laughlin went up to her. " Excuse me," he said, " but is this Miss Abbot Mr. Patterson's friend ?" " Yes," she said. '• Mv name is M'Laughlin. I came to meet you," he went on, possessing himself of her valise and helping her into the stage. By the light of the stationmaster's window he saw that she was tall, with a sweet, grave face and luminous gray eyes. The rumbling and crunching of the wheels through the stiff snow, and the presence of other strangers, made conversation difficult. The girl looked out over the snow at the dark houses which lined the winding way down to the town. The young man was planning how to tell her. They drew up at the hotel; the light from the brilliant hall across the way streamed out j strains of a waltz and the sound of dancing feet came faintly on the night air. Tom hoped that she did not notice them. Uncle Johnny had been true to his promise, and a fire burned brightly in the parlour stove. Tom placed a chair for her in the pleasant warmth, but she turned to hitn eagerly. " Tell me about him," she said. " Is he better?" " Yes," he answered, avoiding her eyes. He went on hurriedly, " I am going to bring you something, and then you may question me." "Thank you," she answered. "I shall be glad of something. I have been so anxious to-day that I could not eat, but now I am here I must save my strength for him." Tom went out, a suspicious lump filling his throat. He returned pre sently with a cup of tea and a tray of dainties, purloined with Uncle Johnny's help from the remains of the ball sup per. . When she had lunched she said— " I am so glad Henry is better. Is he on this floor ? I fancied from his short letters that he was very weak and suffering." Tom went up to her and took her hand. "My poor girl," he said huskily, : Henry will never suffer any more ; he is well." She grew very white and turned away her head, but she did not cry. There was a long silence and then she said in an altered voice— " When ?" " To-night at seven." Another silence. Then a sound of footsteps approaching and a gay voice I saying— I " I think I must have left my scarf in here. It is cold in the hall." Amy entered, followed by Harry Hastings. She gave one look at Tom, bending over and holding the hand of the white-faced stranger, then without a word turned and went out, followed by her cavalier, his lips puckered for j a silent whistle. ! Miss Abbott did not appear to have 1 noticed them. 1 " I must see him," she said. " Oh, not to-night! It is late, and iyou are weary. WiijL-until morning." , ' " No," she answered, " now ; T must tell him I have come, though it was ; too late." Unable to move her, he brought a candle and they went through the silent halls to the room where her lover lay in all the silent majesty of death. Tom set down the light and | uncovered the still form. 1 " F1I wait outside," he whispered. After some time she joined him, her face now stained with tears. " I will go to my room now," she said. "Oh, Mr. M'Laughlin, how shall I thank you for .your kindness to him and to me ?" When Tbm went back to the ball room Amy was waltzing. He watched the lithe young figure, the flying feet, the white and silver gown. There was a colour in the small face and a mu tinous expression about the mouth which told him he would find it hard to make peace. When she was seated he went to her, but she did not appear to see him until he spoke. j " Amy—" " Oh, it is you, Mr. M'Laughlin! Have you left your friend V \ " My darling, let me explain." " I don't want to hear." Hurriedly j slipping off her engagement ring, she gave it to him. " There ! When you take her hand again, slip that on j she will be glad of a new lover." The man's face turned very white. " Do you mean it, Amy V' he said. "Yes." She gave a hard little laugh and beckoned with her fan. Hastings came up. j " Harry," she said, sweetly, " I'm so j tired ; won't you take me home ?" j Torn looked at the tiny ring lying in his hand; its diamond flashed up at him brightly; then he thought of the i clear grey eyes of that other girl who, ; had he but known, was to make the j happiness of his life. ( 