MATRIMONIAL. Yesterday, at the Bible Christian Church, Long Gully, Miss Emily Pascoe, second daughter of Mr Pascoe, of Quick street, Long Gully, was married to the Rev Geo. Cameron, Bible Christian minister of -Mitiamo. Tbo ceremony- was ; performed by the Rev Mr Clome.ns, of Newmarket,'assisted by tbo Rev W. Bsttisc, the brido boing given away by her brother, Mr John Easooo, The bridesmaids wore Mieses R. Pa«coo,Miooio Pascoe and Bet* tis«, and Me Jas. Ptfsooo was best man. The bride waa ; costumed: in oream sorgo, trimmsd with silk and.obiffon with tbe usual wreatb and veil. Tbo bridesmaids, Misses R, Pasooe and Befctiss, wore attired in bream* and Miss M. -Pasooe in pale blue, Tbo bappy couple loll Ban digo. for Mitiamo- by tbo 5 o'clock train. At the wedding breakfast at the residence of the bride’s parents, about 30 guests were enter tained; and-tbo usual toasts wore' honored. Among tbo JargOsnumbermf-presents wore two ■ bibles, a cruet, and a teapot from tbe Sunday school, - her. class~in tbo-' school, tbo £n«- doavorors, and tl)C oboir of tbo- Bible Chris tian Churob, ..... The marriage of. Mr T. A, Mafaony, seventh son of 'Mr J. Mahoney,, of Huntly, to Miss Tregoar Thomas, daughter of-the late Mr Thomas Thomas, of .. Long Gully, was cele brated yesterday afternoon at St/ Killnn’s Prd>Gathodral by the Rev Father Rooney. Thb bride was given-away by Mr J. Mitchell. Tbe bridesmaids wore Misses T. 'Miteboll, J. M, Mahoney and: A. Smith', and'Mr J. ;W. Mahoney was best man, and Mr Gie'esohiand Mr J. Miloboll groomsmen, Tbo bfidtf wore/, the customary: wreath and yeil, aridwas dressed in cream, brimmed with Taco and ribbons. ' Tbo ' bridesmaids wero all .aitljred.ia bream. A number of ghosts were entertained -at tbo wedding breakfast,; and in tbo evening at Mr Mitchell's bouse in Iron* bsrk, wboro Miss Thomas has boon living. . V On Tuesday there was a double'wodding in Eobuoa. . Mr Arthur John Moore, youngest sop of Mr W, W; Moore, J.P.. WB8 married to Miss Norab (Nona) Mary Nolani Piece of Mr 1 Poillpi-Nolan, ■ JP, and Mr 'Patrick .Martin Monaban, of Swan Hill, to Miss Mary Frances Nolan, . second' daughter of Mr Nolan. Tbe marriages wore simultaneously solemnised by- Prior Murray, at Bt, Mary’s jRTG. Church* He wos assisted fey Fathers :0?Byrno and MeredUb; whilst' Father Alien and Father N; Crane, of Rcodigo, occupied seals in tho sanctuary, ;V v *, 