ON THE TRAIL OF A GHOST. LONDON TIMES. I . For two or three months past vague rumors have been afloat in London concern ing a haunted house somewhere in Scotland belonging to the Marquis of Bute. T> described as ' the most haunted house in Scotland," nnd qb being the abode of some mysterious agency producing sights and sounds of the most portentous and inex plicable character. YY'hile many people, some of them holding high positions in the' scientific world, were ready to give general assurances of the awe inspiring nature of these i phenomena, it was unfortunately im possible to obtain precise information from any, ana. The most definite impression one could form was that appalling noises were to be heard, alike by day and by night, in various parts of this mansion, but more par ticularly in four rooms. Apparitions were also spoken of, though less confidently, vet it seemed to be generally agreed that the orthodox gliding figure melting into thin air had been seen by at least one horrified observer. Ballechin— the eh is guttural and carries the accent— is a house pleasantly situated in Strathtay, a few miles above Dunkeld. Standing on the northern slope it faces nearly due south and commands a lieaulinil view up the valley which is closed by the peak of Ben Lawers, still carrying a consi derable amount of snow. The house was built in the second decade of the present century, but a wing was added at a much later date, and is the only part qf the strucj ture that is free from "manifestations. Underneath the wing are the present Kit chens, to. the isolation of which a wholly undue importance is attached as precluding the idea that noises wilfully or accidentally made by the servants can account for the phenomena in the bedrooms. In the centre of the house is the main staircase in a square well, lighted by a cupola and having a gallery vvhich runs right round it and gives access to the upper part of the mam building. At one corner of this gallery is a service staircase, at the top of which is the most haunted bedroom. Adjoining this ate the two next in order of phenomenal im portance, while at the opposite corner of the gallery, where another staircase lends to the servants' slftiping rooms above, is the fourth of the haunted royms. The house lias thick walls hotly interior and ex terior, but their thickness is exaggerated by wood casing, which everywhere gives a hol low sound on percussion. The rafters seem to he as flimsy as the walls are substantial, for the floors Vibrate on the smallest provo cation, and in any of the bedrooms it is quite easy to hold a conversation with ano ther man in the attics. It follows that the house is one huge sounding board trans mitting and possibly intensifying certajn kinds of noise. That there are no rats in the house is an article of faith, but I saw one outside about half way to the stables in broad daylight. Eats, or even mice, would account for many of the sounds com plained of. I tossed with another man for possession of . No. 3, the most haunted of the rooms, and won. He contented himself with No. 1, which is the second best from nn investiga tor's point of view. On one or two nights that I spent in the room I slept without dis turbance of any kind until 7 o'clock, when I heard a variety of noises floating up the back staircase, and all easily translatable into the early morning activities of the ser vants. There is a fixed waslistand with the usual waste plug. This I left open on going to bed, ana as the night was windy a sound which an ardent ima gination might have converted into the moan of a soul in pain came from the end of the waste pipe a few feet below, where it overhangs a trap, according to ap proved sanitary principles. The second night I was very wakeful. I read in bed un til past 1 o'clock, and was awake again about 3. My fire had gone out, and the fire place in cooling down emitted a loud crack after the manner of iron fireplaces in such conditions. A sympathetic observer would doubtless have chronicled that as a ghostly noise. A distinguished psychical researcher told me- just before I left town that when one sees a ghost the proper thing is to ad vance boldly and clasp it. In the hope of such an encounter I went out upon the gal lery, but I saw notliing and heard nothing except the wind. I went to sleep after that for some three hours, and on awakening heard a pretty loud noise from the washing basin, which, however, was only the jar of a waterpipe when the water is suddenly turned off. Presently a deep buzzing sound indicated that a servant was drawing more water, probably. in the dis tant wing, and was duly followed by an other resonant bang showing that the Thomson patent tap had not been fitted to the Ballechin pipes. These were all the noises I heard in the most haunted room of "the most haunted house in Scotland." To any one half dead with fright they would probably liave seemed appalling; to me they only proved that ordinary noises can be transmitted in tlint house with unusual facil ity and to unusunl distances. In the morn ing the butler, whose room it seems is directly under No. 3, asked me rather solemnly whether I had been disturbed. On my answering in the negative, lie asked whether I had been walking about my room in my boots, and seemed onlv half reassured when I said I had been walking about long after he was in bed, but certainly not in ray boots. No haunted house is complete without a legend of a crime or a tragedy or a badly spent life to explain why the ghost walks. In the drawingroom after dinner we lis tened to our hostess, who is an excellent narrator, expounding the story of the wicked major. It seems that a former pro prietor, who died some 20 years ago, had a standing quarrel with Mrs. Grundy. He kept his house full of dogs; he did not care for the society of his neighbors; he was rather feared than loved, and local gossip, ndtii reason or without, charged him with unnecessary familiarity with h.s house keeper. YY'hen we add that at his death the property went to collaterals, whom he is said to have disliked both on that ground and because they were Boman Catholics, while he was a rigid Presbyterian, we have all the reasons that can be alleged for the persistent unrest of the major's spirit, it must apparently remain doubtful whether zeal for Presbyterian doctrine or laxity in the observance of Presbyterian morality is the real obstacle to his repose. "While" we were listening to this impressive recital of the major's peculiarities someone called at tention to noises which I had noticed for two or three minutes. YY'c were at once in formed that they were footsteps in the haunted chambers overhead, ana that they occur even when these chambers are locked up. It was added that at the actual moment there was no servant in the bedrooms, nnd a lady went out to verify the statement, returning with the information that she had met all the servants coming up from the basement to go to bed. For my own part I could not have said with the least certaintv that the noises were footsteps at all, and they did not seem to me to come from the ceiling, hut rather from the side of the room. If there was no one in the rooms overhead at the moment it became pretty clear that the noises could not mean foot steps in these rooms, since neither abound ing wickedness nor overflowing doctrinal zeal can enable a ghost to stamp on a floor like a solid mortal. But the way of regard ing the matter normal to the place evi dently was that the sounds must mean foot steps, that they must come from the haunted rooms, and that as there was no one there to produce them they must indicate super natural agency or', at least, something call ing for psychical investigation. A passage giving access to the hall from the service staircase, already mentioned as opening at mv bedroom door on the first floor, runs be hind the drawingroom wall. At the end of this passage is the butler's room directly under my bedroom, and the butler s wife liad the habit of retiring in good. tune. In these arrangements we have a simple, and obvious explanation of the indeterminate noises heard just before the servants reached the first floor on their way to bed. These are all the sounds I heard in a house which I was assured before leaving London was continually disturbed by day and night by appalling and inexplicable noises. Others were described to me, in particular one which was imitated by throwing a heavy wooden ball on a wooden floor and allow ing it to roll until it- came in contact with a door. I never heard the noise, but if the imitation was as good as I was led to be lieve,,! have" no doubt that the noise was made in the same way, and perhaps with tile same hall. One of the maid servants de scribed a sort of dull knocking, which, ac cording to her, goes on between 2 and u in the morning, in the lath and plaster parti tion by the side of her bed, winch shuts on (lie angular space just under the eaves of tile house. Sue likencd.it to the noise of gardeners nailing up ivy outside, olio seemed honest; but as she has seen the ghost of half a woman sitting on lier fellow ser vant's bed, one take? her evidence with a grain or two of salt. Any noises she, has really heard may be due to the cooling of the hot water pipes which pass along behind the partition just mentioned to the cistern. An intelligent gardener whom 1 questioned told me that he had kept watch in the house on two separate occasions, abstaining from sleep until daylight appeared at 7 o clock, but without heaving a sound. The only mystery in the matter seems to be the mode in which a prosaic and ordinary dwelling was endowed with so evil a reputa tion; 1 was assured in London that it had had this reputation for 20 or 30 years. The family lawyer in Perth nsserted most posi tively that there had never- been a whisper of such a thing until the house was let for last year's shooting season to a family, whom I may call the ll.'s. I was told the same thing in equally positive terms by the minister of the parish, a levelheaded man from Banffshire, who 1ms lived in the place for 20 years. lie told me that some of the younger members of the H. family had in dulged in practical jokes and boasted of them. One of their pranks was to drop or throw a weight upon the floor and to draw it back by means of a string. Another seems to have been to thump on bedroom doors with a boot heel, the unmistakable marks of which remain to this day, and were pointed out to me by our hostess. If there are really any noises not referable to ordinary domestic causes, it is not impro bable that these practical jokers made a confidant of some one about the estate, who amuses himself by occasionally — it is only occasionally that the more remarkable noises are said to be heard— repeating their tricks. The steward or factor on the estate concurs with the lawyer and the minister in denying that the house had any reputation for being haunted before the advent of the It. family. Yet lie is a Highlander, and not without superstition, for he gave it as his opinion that if there was anything in these noises they must bo due to black art. The story of a haunted history of 20 years rests upon notling but anonymous rumor, so vague and intangible that no. opportunity of verification can be found. I was, in deed, shown some admissions made under pressure of cross-examination by the widow of the late proprietor, who died in 1S95. But they are of the most insignificant des cription! referring to nothing but confused recollections of noises such as may be heard in any house, and not in any degree im plying a belief that the house in which she and her family lived until compelled to leave it by lier husband's death is haunted. In connection with that death I was told an impressive story which illustrates the way of working up a noise into a manifesta tion. On a day when he was to leave home for London the proprietor was talking to the aforementioned factor in the library, when a tremendoim crash was heard on the table between tliem. "For God's sake," cried the husband, "don't mention this to my wife." He went to London and next day was killed by a cab accident. Before the news reached his family, an appalling noise was heard in the room he usually occupied, but, as the reader will expect to hear, every thing was found undisturbed. This circum stantial story is false in every detail. There was no table, there was a bureau; there was no crasli, but the lid of the bureau having been imperfectly, closed slipped into its place: the husband did not mention either his Mnker or his wife or the trivial noise; he was not killed the next day, but more than three weeks afterwards; and no mvs- tcrious sound in his room heralded the news. But that crash is still hanging around in Ballechin. A lady staying in the house as sured me that, writing one day in the library, she heard n loud bang upon an occa sional table behind lier. Oil looking round she saw the brass handles still swinging, though no one was in the room with her, and notliing was disturbed. In company with a. lively young man flesh from Oxford athletics, I made a little experiment on that table. YY'e banged it with great force, making a great noise, but the brass bandies would not swing. They did, indeed, quiver in common with the not very substantial table, but the quiver was over as soon as the noi6e. The lady was simply the victim of a combined ocular and visual hallucina tion. She told me of another. In a copse near the house, through which runs a little stream down a shnrp declivity, she saw an old and young woman talking. She could distinguish their voices, though not what they said, and the old woman talked much while the young one interjected remarks. Of course there was no woman there, and by consequence no conversation. The lady admitted that the apparition was purely subjective, but in regard to other matters was not willing to suppose that she may be the victim of hallucinations of hearing as well as of sight. There were other and similar experiences which it is needless to iclate. It is ouvioua that An iuvesticator however honest, is tremendously bandit capped by this liability to manufacture the very phenomena under investigation. Not even the solemn blessing of the Koraan Catholic archbishop, who was invited to the house for the purpose of bestowing it, can rid a dwelling of noises partly incident to domestic operations, pud partly due to the | siological peculiarities of the inmates. 