Hums of the Wheel. LBY OCvoos.] TiE weather was against :the race meeting last Saturday, and it will mean a loss to the local body. The meeting was ill- advised in the first instance, being too close on the previous meetings, but it was generally expected that the presence of .Lesna would be a big draw. However, the uncertainly of the weather. spoiled everything, though the rain kept away remarkably well during the racing. Lesna satisfied everyone present that he is a. clinker behind pace, and the way he sits his machine is splen did. He works his legs with an even piston-like motion, and his body assumes ap easy position, and the absence of that ugly Poll so often noticed in many racing men was a distinct feature in his riding. The pace-makers were not nearly fast enough, but he registered the' five miles in 10min 28sed, which is a record for the track. F. G. Simpson, who wdn the three miles scratch race, is the ex-New Zealand champion, 'who defeated Wally Kerr last year in the amateur championships. He rode a deter mined race and deserved his win, which was undoubtedly popular. An amusing feature of that race was the tactics displayed by Chapman, Meadham and Harkins, who had, owing to the faulty start of',the race in which` several competi tors ' were left a' quarter of. a lap behind, a big lead' on the field. M'Combe and Campbell had also: got away, in front, but having dropped behind the three thought they had the race to themselves, and in full hearing of the public agreed to cut up the prize, money, with 'Simpson and Johnson 'hanging 'on, the others who were left having dropped out. Brad bury paced 'them up to the leaders, with 'the result that Simpson upset the pot and scored the £10 for first, and the crowd were greatly pleased. ' The Two Miles Handicap was won by -Harry Shepherd, the Melbeurne Sydney record breaker. He was in splendid condition, and won from Jorgenson, with Clarry Chapman third. George Campbell has shown bril liant form 'lately, and at each of the Newcastle meetings on the new track has scored a first prize. He won, the Northern District Handicap, with Bradbury second, and J. Davis third. Joe Kenny again won the roadster race, and with his 'big start those behind him had not a ghost of a chance. Young Jack Campbell was second, and George Smitl!third. Sinclair, who has been considered good .goods for several of the big. Sydney' handicaps this season, wonk the half-mile event, Shepherd being second,' and Moore third.'' In a niile first-class handicap at Ben dig olast week'Payne 15yds won the' final .from A. Middleton 25yds and. Megson scratch ; Walne unplaced. R. W. Lewis 30yds got first in Megson's heat.. Payne fell along with Tebbutt and Symonds' in a Hialf-mile race at Bendigo on Thursday, and received an ugly gash on the `thigh. The Fair Wheel Race, £100, went to A. C. Middleton, Rolfe, and'.Webster. Walne won the mile scratch from Bob Lewis and A. H. Clinton. General regret was felt by all wheel men when the news of the deathof A'. W.' Harris, the English cyclist, was cabled to this country. It is just .12 months ago since Harris left Austra lia on'his return to England. He was a magnificent rider when in form, and just previous to 'leaving", here, wbn nearly £300a a fortnight. . His death was the rsult of an accident caused when racing at Aston (England), and hiesinjuries must have been very se vere 'to terminate fatally. Harris was an unlucky rider, and on a, previous occasion his life was despaired 'of, through being forced' on -the rails when racingJames, a Welsh champion, in a series of matches, it being alleged that James deliberately bored him out. He was in danger for many weeks, and his trip to the colonies was mainly to recoup himself. The Touring Club of France counts' 46,966 members. Nofewer than 1316 new members joined 'this club during the month of December. Among the, names of now. members aar those of' Lord an~h Lady -Napier of Mtagdala,' Prince Hem:i d'Orleans, and Baron .Natlianiel de Rothschild. The stealing of bicycles has' become such an industry id Washington that one detective from the police bureau has'nothing else to do but look up stolen bicycles, or find owners for bicycles which have been: found in th.e possession of thieves. OGeir 155 machines have been reported stolen in' the past year, of which 144 'were re covered.' , A new and evikently 'favourite manner of.. running' match races, in which the contestants startfro'm oppo si'e sides of the track,; was given a trial at; the winter 'tracl4, 'Parise, isecentiy, and greatly "pleased' 'the Parisian spectators. Another innovab lion that is likely to become popular, a race that will simply paralyse loaf ing, is the so-called pursuing match. Tbhe' distanice is unilimited. The two opponents start'frdm opposite sides of the. track and ride uintil oie overtakes the other. The man first catching his opponent is declared the victor. Thisi is the mainer in which the recent Barden-Fisher match, was, run. In the cage of the Martin:M'Donnell match, which Wias run under isimilar conditions in Sydney.' in' Septemiber last year, it could not by the greatest stretch of imagination be termed a success. -However,! on that occasion the distaince was 25~iiles,.and Martin ,aiight 'i/is' oppbnent in the first five miles,-the affair being . a fiasco from that: out, but as an .innovation it might be tried again with the stipula tion that the race is over once a 'eom petitor is caught and passed. 