THE SIMPLICITY OF METHODISM. Methodism is life rather than doctrine; And such it will ever remain. It is charitably inclusive of all evangelical creeds. It is blind to differences of opinion on all except the facts of sin, redemption, pardon, and the witness of the Spirit. It was holiness of life, based on a Divinely certified experience of pardon and regen eration, that Mr. Wesley insisted upon. Ohurchmen, and all varieties of dissenters, made up his societies. The members of these societies remained in communion with their respective Churches. Toleration of differences was fundamental to Methodist unity. It was spiritual huuger that drew: Methodists together, and spiritual supplies that held them together. They sought rest in works, communion in sacrifices and penances and observances. Best is never without the equivalents of these. Faith can not not live disembodied. Hence, the activity of our people has been remarkable. To every one his Lord has given a portion, and he tradeth with it. But works without faith are dead. They are fruits, not seed. So Mr. Wesley found Zinzendorf and the Moravians, and justifi cation by faith without works. That is, be found the seed on whose growing stem works grew as the fruit of the Spirit. It was a startling and blessed discovery. Legality gave place to spirituality ; the spirit of bondage to the spirit of adoption and the filial cry of Abba, Father. Hence forth old things were passed away, and all things had become new. As the societies looked to Mr. WeBley for rules of government, and as their preachers looked to him for assignments to work, they all looked to him for instruction in the things that make for peace. His sermons were their standard of theology. They might be as diverse as the Btripes of Jacob's coat as to other things ; they were Method ists because on the points covered by these sermons they agreed. The logical unfolding seems to have been : The Bible as the inspired gift of God, their comprehensive charter. In instru ments of. clay, God used to transmit his infallible truth infallibly. The clay of imperfectness clung to it, like dust to the rubies, but was as easily distinguished and removed. So that, searohing the Scrip tures, the wayfaring man need not err therein. In the Bible they found ONE GOD, ; J ' in the unity of whose Godhead are three persons, of one substance, power, and eternity — the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' There, too, they found the explanation of their sinful tendencies — they were inheritors of a nature that had fallen away from God, and was helplesBin the grasp of sin. And there the scheme of redemption was displayed to their eager and rejoicing eyes ; God's love manifested in the volun tary humiliation and sacrifice of the Son — a satisfaction and oblation for the sins of the whole world. ; The Holy Spirit as the regenerator and sanotifier of penitent and believing sinners, and as the witness to their forgiveness and Adoption — Wesley set forth in the Word, and taught with all his earnest and resist less power. The fruits of the Spirit, as catalogued by Paul, and as the plain and satisfactory evidences of Christ dwelling in the believer, at once the assurance and the complement of faith practically completed the round of great doctrines Mr. Wesley found in the Bible and preached as the distinguishing characteristics of the faith of the people called . Methodists. Universal depravity, universal redemption, free grace for ruined man, and the witness of the Holy Spirit, — these were the great headlights of Methodism in the beginning ; and such they now are, if we are equally intent as were our fathers on bringing the world to ChriBt. ' In essentials, unity ; in non- essentials, liberty ; in all things, charity.'— Western Christian Advocate 