SPORTING. THE TURF. NOTES AND COMMENTS. (By ' Pegasus.') The weights for the autumn meeting of the W.A..T.C. on Satur day, March 27, -were issued on Mon day by Mr. J. H. Smith. In the Hurdle Race Chance heads the list with 12st. against his name, Benecia Boy being next with 21b. less. Faultless made such an ex hibition of her opponents on batur day at Canning Park that even with 1 1st. 71b. the grey mare has a chance. Granite has lOst. 61b. and Trio lOst. 41b. Mr. Saunders's chestnut, if in the humor, would badly beat the grey Moonlight, who is right out of condition, and is down to 9rt. 121b., a weight he would win with if in his best form. Topsail on Saturday's form can hardly be roted a chance even with 9st. 101b. Ensty reads best of the 11 at 9st. 71b., and he, Benecia Boy, and Faultless may fill the places. In the two-year-old race Mr. Smith has commenced with Yatheroo at 8st. 101b., Faithful 7st. 121b., Nancy Lee 7st. 61b. Envoy is well enough bred, and he is built like a racehorse. This colt may have improved on his spring form, and may carry his 7st. into a place. Avaadale is on the 6atne mark, and the Fremantle mare has 6st. 121b. Faithful, Nancy Lee, and Yatheroo should provide the winner. In the Metropolitan Handicap, Primrose 8st. 121b., The Black Bock 7st. 91b., and Le Var 9st. 21b., appear to be the best in, and one of the three, probably The Black Bock, may win. The Osborne Handicap looks, on recent form, the best of good things for Paul Pry, with Loch Isle the next best. Miss Boolka, with 8st. 4Jb., has been given a chance. Mr. Dan O'Brien's old favorite, Tasman, who was once champion of New Zealand, was sold a few days ago for 20 guineas. An English sporting writer, ** Robin Hood,' writes : — ' Daimio has been given 12st. 61b. in the Great National Steeple. Mr.' Gibson, the owner, bet me drinks that the big horse would get in with less than 12st. 41b. I have to-day received a letter from Mr. Gibson, who tells me Daiinio is doing very well. He goes on to gay that he will be pleased to pay for the drinks when we next meet, and, he continues, ' we are disap pointed at getting so much weight, as it is too much to ask an Aus tralian horse to do, especially as the jumping here is so much easier than what he has been accustomed to ; consequently our horse is at a great disadvantage on an English course.' ' Cydnus was scratched for the Newmarket Handicap at 12.25 on the day of the race. Cydnus struck himself about a week before the race, and the leg looked so bad after the colt had worked on the morning of the race that it was de cided not to run him. Newhaf en will go to Sydney, and compete in the weight-for-age races. He may not start in the Gold Cup. On the last day of the Calcutta races the following Australian breds were successful : — Ganges Hurdle Stakes, of l.OOOrs., Never more, list. 121b. ; Bengal Stakes, l,500rs., Leah, 8st. 101b. Farewell Stakes, 2,500rs., one mile, Courallie, 9st. 121b. (Trahan), 1 ; Hchester, 7st. 5lb., 2 ; Idolater, 9st. 31b., 3. Selling Handicap, l.OOOrs., Hail stone, 8st. 101b. Fitzmaurice 8take6? of 2,000rs., five furlongs, Courallie, lOst., 1 ; Fortunatus, 7st. 121b., 2 ; Our Jack, 6st. 121b., 8\. Park Stakes, l,200rs., Stern Anchor, 6st. 111b. Martini - Henry, the V.R.C. Derby and Melbourne Cup winner of 1883, is to be sent to America after all, Mr. Lopez having negotiated the purchase of the Musket horse. Those who saw Martini win the Derby and Cup will have a vivid remembrance of the brilliant run which the colt made in the straight, and also of the easy manner in which he won the Cup, with ' Jock ' Williamson in the saddle. Archie was made a 'great pot' for the Derby, and backers laid 2 to 1 on the colt. Martini-Henry also started first favorite for the Champion Race, won by Le Grand, and he was beaten at two miles and a half, and finished absolutely last. The Indian Planters Gazetts, after quoting the leading article which appeared in the sporting columns of the Melbourne Anstral asiaii about the abolition of the uncompromising post and rails and stonewalls which prevail at Flem ington, and the advocacy of the ad opt ton of fences of the English pattern, says : — ' It is a matter to which we have often referred, and we are now glad to see the leading authority on matters of sport in Australasia taking up the parable.' The Gazette adds : — 'If a man in England rode a horse at high timber at the pace that our Australian coueins do, he would not only be considered a fool, but he would break his neck to a cer tainty. In Anstralia, of coarse, the horses are timber specialists, they jump little else from their foal-hood upwards, but neverthe less it seems to us that in asking horses to go at hurdle-racing pace over iron-bound obstacles of the order of those in the Flemington course is hardly humane. There is not, as we have often been in formed, a ghost of a chance for a horse who strikes a fence — dowa he goes — and more times than not it lays him up as well.' It is stated that a patron of Scobie'g stable gave 500 guineas for the colt by Carbine from Wilga. There is every probability of another racecourse being estab lished, the locale being Guildford. Arrangements are in progress for the formation of a proprietary, whose object will be the holding of meetings at short intervals. Ihe general opinion of many good judges who were present at Flemington is that Coil should have won the Champion Bace. Harris, riding to instructions, kept the Sydney colt too far away from the leaders, and thus lost the race. Very good nominations have been received by the newly-formed Cannington Sports Club for the pony event and pedestrian race in connection with the inaugural meeting on the 24th in6t. The handicaps will be declared on Wed nesday, 17th inst., and the entries for the other events on the pro gramme will be received on the ground on the day of the sports, which will be held on a nice site close to the Cannington Hotel. The English sporting press de clared Ebor to be handicapped right out of a chance in the Liverpool Grand National Steeple chase at 12st. 31b. Mr. Gollan promptly scratched the son of Robert the Devil. Monastery, who was a good mare in the colonies, defeated Idolater by a neck in the Merchants' Plate at Calcutta. A eon of Mentor in Cleric annexed the Golightly Stakes at Calcutta last month, and Denman, by Chester, won the Ramasha Narains Cup. Backers of the pony Boy thought the Maddington Stakes all over bar the proverbial ' shouting' on Saturday. The pony was reported to have given his owner a great trial. In the race Boy was prominent to the turn, but when Aggie made her run she smothered both the favorite and everything else. All the eastern sporting writers speak in high terms of the yearlings purchased by Mr. Towton in Mel bourne. They are described as an even lot, and a bargain at the price. The bay colt, by Escutcheon from Temptation, secured by Mr. Tow ton at the sales in Victoria, is said to be a replica of ' his sire, than whom there is no better bred horse in Australia. At 70 guineas the colt was ' dirt cheap.' I have received from Mr. Abel Hyde (secretary of the Q.T.C.) the ' Queensland Racing Calendar,' which is a creditable production. It is full of useful information, in cluding a list of all the principal winners in Queensland . 