[?] .- ^ ? .z ? * ^ ? ? - — ir 1 — t * ™ ? ? The Non-Commiss^ueaOffltos of the^ Drama— The Walking Gefilie inau aud the Utility Man. (By. 'Lancelot ?.') jgamm^S®*^. H, yes, just so. Ha '??^BBP?' ' V^^^fth^ will never, in all .^SBFla^,- ^S^^ - ..probability,. too- ASK^JffC^mmW^^mL he is a very fpg' ^^^^^r^^^^^^lips of actors whocon ^^^gM^^Pf^ sidered themiselves ar- „ ? ??-?? ' rived at £he 'bril- liant' stage; tmt whilst they- had a good opinion of themselves, they would not hesitate to speak disparagingly of others. I aon't know how the term 'walking gentle man' originated. Certainly he-'walks,' and some times 'dances.' He will take part in a combat or be a guest in a drawing-room, scene, in which latter case he must look nice ana make comm-on- i place remarks to serve as a foil or contrast to tha hero, heroine, or funny man. In short, he must act as third or fourth fiddle, or trombone to the ?leading instrumentalists — to wit the 'star,' the leading man, the leading iady, the juvenile man, the low comedian, etc.; and much of his 'busi- ness' is with, the 'walking lady.' These two courtiers, Rosencrantz and Guilden stern, who 'go about to get the wind' of Hamlet, are generally given to. 'walking gentlemen.' Sometimes a 'W.G.' gets some good lines (called 'fat') to speak, and takes advantage of it;- and the chances are that- if he secures applause and approbation the management will remember him ? in a future 'east.' Captain Thornton, in 'Rob Roy,' has such an opportunity when he defies the warlike Helen Ma'cgregor; and 1 remember one ? actor now living who dates his success from the night he played the part of the gallant English, officer. . This is a story often told in dressing-rooms at one 'walking gentleman' who played Seton in -'Macbeth.^' It will be femembered tbat the sol \--i:er- tells, the^nucderoue Thaae-Jhat, looking.. to- ..waRls Birnaaj, he thought 'The wood began to ?meve,' thus fulfilling the prophecy bf the weird sisters, r'Till Birnam 'Wood ehall come to Dunsi nane.' On receipt of this startling news the tra gedian seized him by the throat and thundered into his face, 'Liar, and Slave!' at which Seton, bewildered by the vehemence of the action (which had been spoken at rehearsal in a commonplace ?manner), lost his head, and -cried, 'So -help me, governor, they sent me on to say so!' I cannoi but think that this old 'chestnut' is the fabrica tion of the. fertile brain of some long-ago theatri cal wag. But I can vouch for one thing that hap pened to a iSeton, for I was'-playing in the tragedy at the. time'. When he make the announcement to Macbeth the latter, seized him in orthodox ?manner, .nearly choking him, and the 'liar and slaveV -was hurled at the unfortunate messenger with much power. The actor. playing Macbeth. had the fashion of foaming at the mouth in some scenes where strong .passion was required. Seton on this occasion was so astonished that for a perceptible ?moment, he was dumb, and could not return the replying' lines' with .-the rapidity which should characterise them. 'When the act. was over I asked tim, 'What was the matter? Had his memory ?proved treacherous at such a critical moment?' Bis reply was, 'He knocked the lines clean out of my head. -Hang it, man, he spat right in my face!' This .was quite .possible. Indeed, it used ?to be said of that tragedian that he lieea to chew soap to get up 'a proper foaming at the mouth ?in one great death or mad scene. I don't quite ?believe that, but as he Is still living, and is one of the oldest Australian actors, I will ask him the next -time we -meet, for lie was an adept at produc ing remarkable 'effects, with 'blood-sponges,'' and similar devices. ? .'? ? . Walking gentlemen are not allowed the licence of the low cc-median. They cannot indulge in 'gag,' by -.which is -meant some addition, not in the book, evolved from, the -humor of the artist, unless1 it. is -a traditional one that has become a part of the. piece. Indeed W.G. parts do- not admit of much improvement as a rule. I remem ber two actors, however, who considered them selves aggrieved by being cast for 'walking gen tlemen's' parts. It was the tail end of the eea eon, and they baa to represent two officers who, meeting in a front scene, informed the audience through their dialogue what had happened and what wouia 'probably 'happen, and so on. I never saw two. such uniforms in any military picture that ever I gazed upon. One of them was dressed in a shako with a red plume, a red coat, gold braided red tights, and Hessian boots with red tassels. He wiiuia have driven the tamest of 'bulls mad in a second. The other appeared in a costume resembling it in nearly every particular except one, the color — whereas one was red, the other was blue! And the strangest part of it waa - that neither saw 'each other till they met in the scene. ,The piece was not a burlesque, but they; transformed the particular portion of it in which they appeared into a travesty. 'Hallo, my lovely, lobster!' cried the one in the azure garb. 'Well met, my 'blooming -bluebottle,' retortea the other; - and so on. The audience, of course, laughed; but they were not much wiser about events 'past or future' as detailed by the 'lobster' and the 'blue- bottle,' for they were eo much elated by the success of their 'gags' that -they forgot all their important lines. The manager forgot to pay them a portion of their salary when the 'ghost' next walked, and he also forgot to include them in the cast of the next piece; so that, they were decided 'losers through being too clever! There is always-, hope, however, to warm tha ?breast of the 'walking gentleman.' I once saw; Irving (and tine only time I -ever did see ihim) play, a walking gentleman's part in 'The Doge of Ven ice,' at Drury tiane Theatre, Lfondon, with Phelps and Mrs. Herman Vezin in the cast; so depend upon dt, if an actor 'has talent, or genius is in Aim, he . will assert himself, in due time, and it does Mtn! gooa to get the experience of every graae; in the: same manner that a naval cadet or a middy may] sooner. or later hoist his admiral's flag. The stage creates walking gentlemen, in a man ner; because, without entering too .nicely into particulars with regard- to the attributes *of ar 'gentleinan' im,a .tr/ue- sense, the walking gentle man 'must know ttiat it is wrong to put his knife into Ms mouth at a dinner table; and if requested by a ihostess in a drawing-room to ring the bell, ho; need shot sprawl all over the 'room,- and carry1 away a catd-taiile, nor sweep the mantelpiece of bric-a- brac. Such, behavior would at once stampt; Mm: as a clown,, whose proper -place would be between the handles of a -plough. Evening drees -sits.not gracefully on some stage 'gentlemen,'' and they look and comport themselves- like very, indifferent waiters. It is one of- the disadvantages of evening dress that a gentleman cannot be dis tinguished from a waiter, t except toy his demeanor;''' '? and bearing; and it ds not an. uncommon, rthihg.: for a waiter to be more correct in his conduct than; Shis jpseudo superior. All that has been said of the 'walking gentle* man' applies to the 'walking' lady,' with the; exception that if she is good-looking, and lias even* (moderate talent to begin with, she has a better, chance of rising in her profession. ladies of good? appearance are in more demand than gentienien^ and they do not remain so long in the 'walking' state. The walking lady may Tise to fce,& star— at any] rate* a fine leading lady — but when age creeps on, and her good looks fade, no. matter how well pre served, she will probably settle down into the leading 'old woman;' and so the panorama of her; life moves on, till -she is remembered only by aldt; ^playgoers, who. praise or blame her, according tor their opinions. v There is a -position in a theatre which is euperiorfv ' to that of a supernumerary, but inferior to a1* . 'walking gentleman' — the 'utility' man. He- must toe prepared to play anything that is put into* his hands!, Of course; nothing important is en trusted to him, unless he. is an experienced- actor who is compelled by circumstances to accept an engagement at any price. The 'utility' man o£ the theatre is the 'generally useful' or 'haajdy,- man' of the registry -office. He can refuse no ithing, ana must play several minor parts, if called: *upon, in one performance^ Actors -dub him, say, 'Roscius Smith, A.B.T.' —'any blessed thing.' It is a ibad thing for an ' actor who may be pressed by the needs of a young family to accept a 'utility' position He loses caste, and managere take .advantage of his necessi tous condition to prune ins salary to a pittance; wheiL perhaps a less talented man with a clever actress mfe*(and no children) can dictate terms to the autocrat of th,e theatre- for he can cnink his gold in Jus,j-o6kets while lounging m the great man's sanfebnn., 'Walking genHfemen**'ana 'utility ^nen' are the non-commissioned' officers ol the dramatic army. Some are coJpr-sergeahts, others plain sergeants, . corporals, or -roha-tnotj but let none ae&palr;, tor the road to Fame 23 open to all, and — well* not (many «-lant the silandai-a on iflte pinnacle. 