THE HAUNTED HANSOM. We bad been telling stories of those strange warnings from tbo spirit world which men have aomotimea had of events which were to happen, or had bannoned on' this earth, when a member of the olnb, whommooe of us had even spoke, to before, came .up te tbe corner of the smok ing-room ' whore we were sitting. His manner was that of a reticent man who - was mastered by an overpoweringimpulse to tell a story. 44 1 daresay you fellows may remember the. case they called the Putney Heath Mystery," he said, " though it happened a good many , years ago ? " 14 Yes, I rsmemberut," said' one of. ear.num- ber, 44 though after all there was nothing very mysterious about it," 44 No, not asit came out in court ; but there was a mystery about it that the publio never heard of. It related not (o the crime itself, , but to the way the detectives were first put on the soent of the evidence that brought tbe prhoneris guilt home to him," Then he told tbe following tale : . It is a story . I have uot told for a long time, for I don't like being chaffed about it. But as you fellows have beon talking about tbat sort of thing I can't help telling it to you. It is twenty years ago since that case. At the time I was a young fellow, just getting through tho little money I came into when I came of age, I was a member of this club then, and one night I had bcn in tho oardroom upstairs until three o'clock in tbe scorning. The other fellows I had been playing with went a different way home, and tboy took tho only haasom there was waiting outside, and I was left to walk homo by myself. I remember quite well that as I hurried np into the Strand I was feeling gloomy and dis contented with myself. It had been raining, and the lights of the street lamps were blurred and cnod to be reflected from the wet pavements. I could only see one cowering figure, and the long street seemed to be unusually deserted even for the hour when London sleeps. I thought that perhaps I should not find a cab even at Charing Crofts to take me to Ebury- street, where I lived ; and 1 felt that tbo walk there would be lonely and unpleasant. What a fool I was, and in what a feeble way I was wasting my life and throwing away all my chances, I thought, as I walked. Just thon a hansom, crawling along, turned from Catherine- street into the Strand. 44 That's all right. Jump in, sir ; you're the first fare I havo had all night," said tbe driver, as he palled up for me. Well, I was in some-sort of lnok after nil in getting a cab su soon, I thought, ss I pulled opcu the doors, Thea I started and looked rouud to the driver. 44 What is ths mottor with yourfaco?"I asked, for I had seen huddled up ou tbo floor of the cab, with his head on tbe scat, a gentleman in evening clothes, who seemed to bo hopelessly iutoxicated. 44 You Men; to havo forgotten about him, self." 44 Havo a cab to yourself ! You'll want a padded room to yourself— that's what you'll want pretty soon, governor. Come, jump in, and don't give in to it, or you will find yourself waking up in Bow Street Station," answered the driver. 44 1 tell you thero is someone in there," I re- |>lied ; 41 see for yourself." 44 Then he's got in unboknown to me," said tbe roan, 44 and you can tell him to cloar out." 41 Turn him out yourself. I won't have any thing to do with him," I said, and I remember feeling almost startled at the tsrrified tone of my own voice, whilo I realised that it would be hard for mo to bring myself again to look into that cab at the huddled figure that lay in the corner. There is something wrong with him. He Is dead," I found myself saying almost in voluntarily. 44 It's easy to see what's the matter with you. It's what comes having plenty of money to pay for your drinks. But come, jump in, and tell me wbero to drivo you to afore yon forgets it. or you'll be thinking yourself the Prince of Wales or tbe Emperor of Russia, Here, I will shew you that there iu no one in. You will be. a troublesome fare enough, but I ain't going to loave a gent in tho street," said tbe driver, who soemed to be a good-natured fellow enough. Then bo jumped off the box, grumbling to him self, end opening tbe doors of tbe cab asked mo wbcro tbo gentleman was. As I looked over his shoulder in to the csb I could not answer the questiou, for wherever the man in dress-clothes was he vras certainly no longer in tbo cab. 44 Belter get in, sir, and get home," said the driver I felt, however, that nothing wonld induce me to drive home in tbo cab whore i had seen that man in dress clothes. 80 1 gave the man a shilling, which soothed his temper, and raado him so far communicative that he told mo that he bated the cab as much as 1 did, and with better reason, for be had never had a good day since he first took it out. a week before. 44 It's tbe number, may be — 1313. Aayhow, somebody else may drive it, for I shan't any more. But thero ain't been no gentleman in it, drunk or sober, livo or dead, this blessed njght," said the man as he drove off. I roust say l folt rather nervous as I walked homo through the rain to Ebury- strcet. Was this singular delusion the beginuiug of some mysterious illness ? No, I felt quite well. The only ourions symptom was that I couid not got tho figure 1 had soon out of my mind. I bad only caught a glauco of the man in tbo cab, nnd yet I boomed te see him vividly whoa I tried to recall him. I could remember all his features distinctly, and tbe grey colour of his fuce. AU through thu night 1 was haunted by that fa co. When I woke up, though it nss a bright, Auuuy day, I could not got it out of my mind. Though I had been wasting my timo, stopping up till Ihreo o'clock playing cards,! had a lot of work to do. It wus only u mouth to sending-iu day, and I had two pictures for the Academy to finish. I was bound to make tbe best use of the present sunshino. Yet when 1 wont iuto my studio I sat for somo timo unable to do any thing, and when I did turn to work it was to do something quito useless. For two hours I worked away at a picture of tho figure that bauuted rao— tbe man in dross clothes that I bad seen lyiug on thu floor of the cab, with his head resting on the seat. Yes, be was dead, I said to myself, as I looked with something akin to admiration at my sketch, which seemed to be be almost the cleverest thing I had ever dune. 1 felt radioed to tear up the skotob, which seemed to me to bo terrible and gruesome, but some impulse prevented my doing so. J put it away, und settled to my work. In a way I found that the two hours I bad spent over tho skotch were uot altogether wasted, for after I had finished it I was ablo to work away at my pieturo without my thoughts straying baok to my alventure 0! tho previous evening. I supposo it would have been wiser If I hid kopt my story to myself, for I wis a good deal choffed about it, and though I am a temperate man enough many peoplo believed that 1 had left tbe club, wbero 1 had been playing cards that evening, on the verge of an Attack of de lirium tremens. Still, thoro are sumo stories which one canuot help telling, and with most people anything approaching to a ghost story is of that obaraotcr. Tho chaff 1 always encoun tered I used to consider was stupid, and ia bad taito. 'About a week after my adventure thuro w studio,' ud of courso they got bio to fell thorn all aboat it, . v ' _ „ , " Well," I said, when my venture wfes n oeived' with mare'or less incredulity, all I can say is that this is'what I saw," and opening a drawer I took out the8ketoh I made and passed it round. 44 It's a very olever bib of work, anyhow," said-'Glozzard, the art-critic ; 44 isn't it, Bill ?" and he passod it to Bill-Somes, a young fellow, whohtd lately begun to do a\gre&t; deahoUwork for tho illustrated papers. 44 It looks as if it were the likeness of-eomebody:" 44 Likeness !" exclaimed-8omes, after he had looked at it. "I tell you whot it is, youthava a very ghastly tarn of humourto draw this pic tare to bolster up your story. Why, it is exactly as ho looked when thoy found'him," 14 Who ? What do you mean ?" 1 asked, and I peered into Somei's face . to see if he wero chaffing me, and folt perfectly certain tbat be' was not. (4 Tom Loring. Do you mean to say you never knew him ?" 44 1 never saw him in my life, unices I saw him >tliat morning." 44 AU I can say is that a fortnight ago he was found dead on Putnoy'Heath, dressed as you drawhim, with a phial wbtoh had contained audanum by him. You must have read of it in the papers— the 4 Putney Heath Msytory ' they call it. I knew'him well, for he owiied a lot of race-horses, und was a man who was a good deal about. Of course it loosed like suicide at first, bnt tbe police are doubtful." I was not cbaffed much .more that evening, for tlio othor men, two of whom had known Loring by sight, wore much impressed by my story.. 44 It is not the sorb of story they are likely to pay much heed to at Scotland Yard," said Somos after we bad talked for some time, 44 but I kuow the detective who is looking after the case, and I would liko to tell it to him, and show him the picture. You had better go there with rac to-morrow." I agreed to this, aud the next day Somes and I interviewed Inspector Sharp, who had chargo of the case. 44 We don't go much on spirits of that sort down tho Yard," said the inspector when I bad told'him ray story andsbewnvhim my sketch, but-this is the liviug, or rather the.dcad,-. imago of'whit wo found on Putney'Hcatb. And'thcrs must havo bucn a cab in the case, the.one-ia wkiclrthe geutleman, dead or alive, w&sttakcn; -down to the Heath. NumberT313. WeU,/If.will luok it up, though I . should be obliged'if ou would not'tell auyonetaboiit this, for 1 wouldn't like it to be aupposed'thab I istened to-euch a story." The inspector did look.up cabiNumber 1313 Poople who cau-recaU bho'detoiistof tho Butnej, Heath mystery will rcmcmbcrwhat an imporU- nut witness tho cab-driver was. Tho prisoner! had paid him a heavy price for the use ofhii cab for a night. The use it-was put toiwast drive Loring's body down 'to Putney Loring had been killed'by an -overdose of ilaud! auutn, administered to him by.people'whoionr.4,' wished to drug bim, nnd rob him of a'larg; sum of money he had boen-paidVthat evening. \ Their object, of course, was to-make itappeir that the unfortunate ''man had committed suicjde. p But tbc Putney HeathrMjstcry is a long aue on old story. My connection with it, which if) the straogest part of the story, never came ou in evidence. I don't soppose-holf-a-dozen peoplq ' have ever wondered haw tbe police got theclnq to the ex-cabman who had'lent his -cab tothd persons who sent Mr. Loring out-of the worldR Certainly I cannot explaiu the story. Leantonlj tell it as it occurred te me. Hiddemawaytitt my desk I still have the sketch I drew of thq figure in the hansom . I certainly never«drev| so well as on that occasion. Sometimes wheaJi look at it — as I do every now and then— it seems that there is somethingstrangeaad almost supernatural in tho life and expression of-everp line. But that may be mere fancy. Thecomj victiou of the accused in thoFatney'Heat& Mystery is u solid fact. Inspector-Sharp,, eP Scotland Yard, is not likely aoou to forgot - thoi' evidence I brought bim. 44 We have all sorts of queor stories brought to us at Scotland Yard," ho - said to me the' other day when we met and had a glass 0? wine together, 44 but that case of yours was 'the only instance I ever know of our ' acting on ify formation received from tho other world !" v 