The Fourth of the Series of Short Stories, by the Aus tralian Authoress, Ada Cam bridge, appearing in our oolumns, will be commenced next week. It is entitled "One Of These Little Ones." TWO OLD FOGIES A Short Story by the Australian Authoress, ADA CAMBRIDGE. Published by special arrangement oith -a- n. Ward, Lock 4' Co., Ltd. [ALL hO-rs EasERVEB.] CHAPTER III. And the old man and the old maid had no luck at all. On Prince of Wales' birth day it simply rained in torrents from morning till night, without stopping once. The flag on the church tower clung like a wet dish-cloth to the staff, from the time it was run up at what should have been sunrise-until it was taken down at dusk. And at dusk the town crier went round with his bell, and announced that the dis play of fireworks was postponed to a future date. It would have been something to have a little tea-party at the parsonage, without the fireworks and the tower. But it was too wet even for that. The old man was depressed and dysp-ptic, and the old maid went to bed at nine o'clock and cried herself to sleep, though such old fogies were certainly old enough to have known better. But at last it all came right. The town was not to be defrauded of its holiday, and Tuesday, the 15th, was appointed, by advertisement in th local papers, as the day when shops would close, sports be celebrated in the public park, fireworks let off and torchlight procession take place, all as they would have done on the 9th had weather been favourable. And Tuesday was just as perfect a day for the purpose as the previous Wednesday had been the reverse. Mr Paine sent a note to aunt before he had his breakfast. "DEAa Mss RANso]IE, " Will you and youryoung people give us the pleasure of your company to tea to night? The weather does seem settled at last, and it will be pleasant on the church tower, if you think you can manage the ascent. I am told the fireworks are to be very fine. With our united kindest re gards, " Yours very sincerely, " WILLIaJ PAINE." Aunt hastened to return an answer-by Eve as she went to school " Dxa Ma. PaINE, "Thank you very much for your kind invitation. Tell dear Anna that we shall be delighted to come. We are quite look ing forward to our little excursion up the tower, especially in such beautiful weather. I shall be able to get up quite well, I am sure. I have always been fond of fire works. and it will be so nice to see rockets go up without crrcking one's neck. Believe me, dear Mr Paine, most truly Yours. yE" ELIZaanrr a EAsost-." The recipient of this note spread it on the breakfast- table beside his plate of egg I and bacon, and read it again and again, as I if it were some choice bit of literature. " How would it be," he suggested diffi- I dently, " to ask one of Eve's schoolgirl friends? She is so much younger than I the rest of us. She might be dull without a companion of her own age to talk to." ' A good idea," said Anna, graciously. I will do so. Then," she thought, " there will be six of us. Father looking after aunt, and Eve having another child to keep her company, Alan and I will have a chance to talk over our affairs. And the table will be balanced properly." She set the table with her own hands at balf.past five. There was a nice cold fowl, and a tongue, and a veal pie, and delicious .cakes that she had made herself, and a salad, and a dish of strawberries, with cream. She was a sparing housekeeper, as a rule, so that Mr Paine, when he came out of his room from dressing, was surprised to see so handsome a repast, and his plea sure equalled his surprise. Aunt had not had a meal in the house for years, and. he had been anxious lest Anna should think less of aunt's entertainment than of the keeping qualities of food in warm weather. It was quite warm weather-full summer -now, and aunt came at six o'clock, in the prettiest new cripon gown, grey, with a puffy vest of white silk, that gave quite a style to her little figure. She had iron grey hair, which had once been black, and her thin, small face was ivory-white ; but her eyes were dark and brilliant still, with something of the expression of Toby's very sweet and earnest, if you took the trouble to notice them. Her hair was drawn plainly back into a knot of braids behind, as an old woman's hair should be; but she had pinned a red rose into the lace at her neck, which was an anachronism, a false note, to Anna's mind. "' I think, Miss Bansome," said that prudent young lady, " you would have been better advised to put o . an old gown do-night. The tower is a dusty, cobwebby place, and you will spoil that pretty new "Oh, no," said ant, carelessly, patting her hair before the glass in the spare bed oom. "It won't hurt." "You had better let me lend you an old one of mine." Aunt would not hear of such a thing. She was like poor father, who thought nothing of tearing a good eassock on a most immediately into the dining-room, which was similarly adorned, several vases it them standing about in the interstices ' th well.filled table. Alan, with a bud o . ;s button-hole, sat by his hostess, and S.h ? Mr Paine's right hand. The two olndalk med as they settled themselves ... ti?.i and opened their napkins, n ,u?e o mg ones were too occupied b...e . iterests to notice it. The "" " " - owh stood wide to the ex French windows d on the verandah u1to ? and alr, a .on his stomach, t with his nose between his p aws keping -an eye okied up ard in . •aunt's face. Now and then she" orn ma confidential smile, w hch at hi iged itail thumping -igorously. . " uoni are nos eating," remarked the host, breaking off a little story of a quar2 in the choir-"ant was so symlpathetic an understanding abou te these things--to note the condition of her .luver wing. tOh, Ismt gettin, on beautifully It is a delicious fowl-1 am enjoying it so m uch' she assured hir~; and urged him on with his absorbing na rative But nthe tfact was she had the very .least sore throat, which somehow seemed to h ave taken away her appetite. No one, of coura-e, was allowed to suspect this. \- ond wo l nent to the girl? ?d told her I was sure Miss Lomax had na't intended to insult her, and begged her t ? take the solo since there was .o one else able to sing it; and I had a talk with Mi a. Lomer to try and persuade her to explain. But they would neither of them listegt to me. Each said she would never come ils to the choir again while the other belonge dto it. So they are both staying away..-which means that we have not a reliable soprano 5 at all. The others will not open their mouths without someone to lead them, \- and Anna cannot do everything." " It is too bad," said aunt warmly, "that you shkould be worried with those petty squabbles, when you have so much else, so p many more important things to think of. It is a pity I am not a young girl, with a good treble voice." "Yes-no, no, I don't mean yes. It would be a pity if you were anything but just what you are. Do let me take your plate and give you some pie. Some straw berries, then ? Anna, Miss Ransome's cup is empty." c I beg your pardon, Miss Ransome," said Anna, with a start. She was forget ting her duties for the moment in a semi private discussion with Alan on the great subject of individual responsibility. The I pair of schoolgirls were chattering across the table about the affairs of their school, their approaching examinations, the holi days, the matric., and soon. It was a most successful tea-party. After tea, it being still broad daylight, the children sat down to a game of tiddledly-winks, to pass the time until it was dark enough for the fireworks. Tiddledy-winks looks a silly game to those who do not play it, but to those who do it becomes strangely fascinating; so that even after the lamps were lighted it was difficult to make these playera leave offL Anna took Alan for a stroll round the garden, but before she did so gave proper heed to the question of what was to be done for aunt. " I think, father," she said, " that Miss Ransome ought not to go up the tower in the dark, for the first time. If you were to take her now, while it is still daylight, and make her go gently and take plenty of time, she would not be nearly so nervous. Al-Mr Ransoms would see after us." "That is a good idea," cried Mr Paine. "Come, Miss Ransome, we will lead the expedition. What wraps have you ?" Aunt's little mantle was fetched, and declared to be inadequate. Mr Paine in sisted on an old furred jacket and woollen hood, provided by his daughter. "It will be chilly up there, though it is so mild now." he said, " and you must be careful of that delicate cheat. Put on all the warmth you can carry, Miss Ransome. Be on the safe side." "Perhaps I had better," she said, sub mitting meekly to Anna's resolute hands. " I seem to have just a little touch of cold hanging about me from the damp weather." " If I had known that," said Alan menac ingly, "I wouldn't have allowed you to come. I've a great mind to forbid your going up." " Dear boy, it is nothing." she answered ina panic, and hastened out before he could say more. Alan was going to be a doctor, and was beginning to practise on his aunt. She thought it so sweet of him to take such care of her, and to give her pills and potions when she was not well; but to night she preferred to be taken care of by Mr Paine. Luckily, Alan desired her room at that moment, and not her com pany; so he let her go. Happiness is not the prerogative of youth, whatever the young may think. Those two old fogies, left to their own devices for three-quarters of an hour. were perhaps as happy as they had ever been in their lives. When they had shut them selves into the vestry, and shut out the dutiful children who loved to keep them in order, they felt young themselves; and, though they treated each other with a delicste respect that is somewhat out of date, the same light was in their eyes, the same glow in their hearts, as had been kindled in those of the girl and boy noi walking round the garden. " This is my new chalice-veil," said the parson eagerly, "' that I got out from London last mail. 1 have been wanting to show it to yo. Is not th work perfect P Sad here's the illustrated oatalogue-I want you to tell me which of these altar cloths you like best. I must manage some how to get a new one before next Easter, and ' have such faith in your taste; I am always wishing for you to consult with and 0 decide for me. Ah, it is too dark to see - properly! Put it in your pocket and look at it when you are by yourself at home." t This was the sort of thing they talked t about. Trumpary, doubtless, to people who are not old fogies, but heart-satisfy ing to them. The dusk was gathering fast when they passed down the church to the front porch and the ladders, and Mr Paine began to be anxious about aunt's nerves, and she anxious to show him how intrepid (under certain circumstances) she could be. He reproached himself for not having rigged up certain appliances to i make the ascent easier, and she skipped e up the trembling rungs while he was I talking about it, so that his heart came into his mouth. Anna would have been scandalised to see an old lady so conducting I herself had she been there. They reached the top safely, but slowly. S The rapid twilight had become night by 1 the time they emerged upon the roof, and when aunt was led to the battlement para pet to look out upon the view for the first time, she cried, "Oh-h-h--h!" in rapture. It was indeed a beautiful picture, well worth the waiting for. There was no rain or mist to spoil it now. The sky was clear of cloud, full of its own deep Australian night color, and thick with stars. Like I waves along the horizon rolled the forest covered ranges, all distinct in the trans- i parent air; shadows of velvet, with here and there a house-light, like a diamond twinkling out of them. The town beneath lay suffused in Rembrandtish glows from lamps, seen and unseen, and red torches beginning to flare under the new-leafed English trees. The atmosphere was pure and fine to an intoxicating degree, for no factory chimney, no coal smoke, no mud, no dust, no anything that was unclean, defiled it; it was the atmosphere of the hills and of an early summer night washed in plenteous spring rains and perfumed with the wholesome breath of gum trees and flowers. In short,perfect. Aunt sighed a long sigh once or twice in silence. WVhen she spoke there were tears in her voice. "This makes one feel:" she said-and stopped, unable to express herself. "Yes." said her companion, softly. I-1 oces wereall , and lowe redly down the street like an invisible house burning. Out of the glare the clock-tower of the post-office rose, pallid i and unsubstantial, into the upper dark ness, like something in a lime-lighted transformation scene. Little foreshortened figures, mere ants upon the ground, were moving hither and thither-members of the fire-brigade, in their smart uniforms, arranging the torchlight procession. "I must call the children," said Mr Paine. He went to the trap-door and listened; then he went to the parapet overlooking his own house and grounds, and signalled with a gentle "cooee" over the tree-tops. Presently the- young ones, heralded by the lantern, which was extinguished as soo1 as possible, came scrambling up, laughing and calling to one another; and as the last one-Eve-put her head out of the hole, eohish-sh--sh--the first rocket shot into the sky, burst with a little hollow noise like a bursting pea-pod, and rained down its enchanting stars. " Those rockets," said Eve to her com panion, "cost five shillings apiece." " I think it a wicked waste of money," said Anna. "In these bad times, too:," said Alan, sympatheticallY. But aunt whispered to the grey man beside her, that she simply loved te look at them; and he said, so did he. The procession was formed, and began its march round the streets, to the stirring music of the town band. They could not see it for a long time, but saw where it was by the illumination of the trees above it as it passed. Every now and then it emitted a spray of little rockets, that died upon the o roofs and roads, and, like great chords in r a merry tune, another and another of those soaring big ones, which would, have beckoned the souls of spectators like aunt t to the infinities they seemed to pierce if Eve had not persisted in stating how much a they cost. At last it came flaring and clanging into the street beside the church, a along by the tree-walled church garden, and round the corner, and past the gate; t and just in front of the tower it halted, t spread, re-formed, and lit itself up in the most amazing blood-red flame-a wizard light, celestial or infernal, anything but earthly, transfiguring the world, "just as if Biela's comet had run into us," Eve Ransome said. The grey-white granite of the tower wall blushed crimson as a rose, and the faces on the top of it were the faces of angels or ghosts. The church trees glittered, leaf by leaf,like the jewelled trees of fairyland. " I would not," said aunt, in a low tone of rapture, "have missed this for any thing 1 " "I am so glad," said Mr Paine, earnestly, "so devotedly glad that it is a fine night. I did so want you to enjoy it." Then the red light died out, and the cool, clear, blue darkness came back, with all the quiet hills lying out in it. The procession marched back into the town, with its Liliputian rabble after it, and worked its magic in other streets. Four more great rockets-another pound, as *Omebod y em.reksp-- .ic.i?aoin ,into, the empyrean, and dropped each itsnand ful of colored stars in space. Then all was still, the church tower was left alone, and the night suddenly began to feel cold. " It's over," said Eve, jumping up from where she lay on the fiat of her back along the sloping leads. "Polly, let's go down and have another game of tiddledy-winks." CHAPTER II. Next morning aunt awoke with a very sore throat. But a maiden aunt is not privileged tobe ill on account of so ordinary a complaint as that, and she got up and dressed and pursued the trivial round and common task as usual. First she went into her nephew's room, picked his slimy sponge out of his soapy hand-basin, and his towel-very wet-from the floor, where he had flung it, on top of his pyjama trousers. Also she removed his hair-brush, which he had plunged into the ewer before using, from the book-the good, new medical book-on which he had left it, face downwards, to drain. Though she had brought him up. she had never been able to make him keep his things tidy-nor Eve either. She, too, liked to throw her night-gown on the floor, and anything wet that might be handy upon it, or upon the bed. She would never hang up frock or jacket by its loops, nor upon a knobbed hook if there happened to be a sharp-ended one available. She would never wear her " sets" in rotation, but always took the garment that came first out of the drawer; and she forgot to change her things on the right days, and to put them into the wash when they were changed. Also, she never brushed her teeth when she could help it, nor thought it necessary to do more to her hair than have it superficially smooth for meal-times. Aunt did not blame them, for they had had a slatternly mother. She just did their tidying for them. This, of course, was worrying work at times, and worry tells upon you when you are not well. To day. somehow, she did not feel as if she could stand too much of it. Going into her niece's room, before de scending to breakfast, she found Eve dressed in the white frock she had taken off last night-by no means a frock to go to morning school in. She was ordered at once to change it. "It's cool," said Eve mutinouly, "and all my others are hot ones. Besides, it's dirtied out, going up that tower." " It is soarcely soiled at all," said aunt, " and'will last some time for afternoons. Take it off my dear, when I tell you." Eve pulled it off tempestuously, dashing about the room. She had a writing-table of her own-a birthday present from aunt -and on it stood the travelling ink bottle, which she persisted in using rather than the solid vessel that had been provided for her. The two halves of the travelling ink. bottle were nearly equally heavy, and she mostly left it open. It was open now, and as she ill- temperedly flung herself about she knocked it over, and the ink streamed across the pretty table-cloth. She has tened to mop it up with one of her b st cambric pocket-handkerchiefs. " Oh, Eve! Eve !" wailed aunt. "When shall I teach you sense P" " I'm awfully sorry-I didn't mean to do it," pleaded Eve. " Don't be cross, there's an old dear. It's all right now. And I'll put my old frock on, though it is such a fearfully hot day. ' "I will try to get your new print finished, darling," said aunt, appeased. Eve took off the too-smart white dress, and stood in the colored petticoat which had been showing through. On the breast of the petticoat was a large, dark patch. Aunt saw it, and touched it; it was sopping wet. "Well, aunt, there was a slug got up stairs and crawled over my clothes m the night. I only saw the slimy mark where it had been after I had put on my petticoat, and I just took a sponge and cleaned it." "Child, take it off directly-take every thing off. You will catch your death I" "I can't, aunt dear. I haven't got another petticoat. It's in the soiled clothes basket. I forgot to put it in the wash. And the other one is slit all down the front." " Give it to me to mend," said aunt, in a voice of despair. The troubles of the day came thick and fast, and before noon the little woman broke down under them. Alan, hunting for biscuits to stay his stomach until din ner-time, found her crying in the pantry, where she was trying to fill a glass jug from an empty filter. S"Hullo, old woman, what's the matter P" he cried, affectionately concerned. "Did you ever see such a mine as Sarah ?" moaned aunt bitterly. "You would think she did it on purpose. Empty again-and in this weather! And I have just found the big kettle cracked right across the bottoml She left it to go dry on the fire, and when it was red-hot ured cold watern a arm, Ir an sobbed aloud. He put the arm round her. "Here, you are not going to cry about a rubbishy thing like that, surely ? Give me that jug -I'll fill it at the bank filter. Why, you're all of a tremble! And how hot your hand is!" He grasped the little hand, and laid his large, cool fingers on the flurried pulse. "Aunt, you're ill that's what's the matter with you-not kettles and filters. Come along and sit down and tell me how you feel. It's that beastly tower business, I expect. I just thought you'd catch cold, exposed so long to the night air. "I had it before, darling. I could not have caught it there, wrapped up as I was -so well taken care of." He took her to the family sitting.room, and there looked at her tongue, listened to her breathing-which was decidedly heavy -and put a clinical thermometer into her mouth. Temperature 101o. " You go straight off to bed, old lady," he said sternly. "That's the place for you" "I can't, dear boy. I must get Eve's print frock finished. Now that the wea ther has turned hot, she has nothing to .wear." "Off to bed," he repeated, with the in flexible air of the professional adviser. "If you don't go of your own accord, I shall call the Governor to make you. I shall send for a doctor whom you won't like half as well as you do me." Aunt went to bed, and Eve put oqa' poultice-in a great hurry-before going to afternoon school, and Alan administered a dose from a bottle he had procured at the chemist's. Then the patient was ordered to go to sleep, and no one thought anything more about her until tea-time. The boy went to the club tennis- ground, and the girl, on her return from school, practised exercises on the piano. Aunt, propping herself on pillows, and with her work-basket beside her, sewed at the print frock all the afternoon, and finished it. She was accustomed to a cup of tea at four o'clook, and to-day pined for it des. perately, choked with the scorching thirst of a fever now at 10 0. She heard the rattle of the tray as Sarah carried it to the sitting-room, and trembled with suspense as Eve strummed on and on, regardless of its arrival. After five minutes' waiting, aunt called aloud; she waited, weeping a little, and called again but she was too far off for her voice to be heard, and she had no belL At last, in desperation, she got out of bed and went down the passage in her nightgown-a thing strictly for bidden by her medical man. Eve heard her then, and came flying to scold her for disobeying Alan's orders. - "You bad old woman! What's the use of doctoring you, when you undo it all like this P" "I want my tea, love; and I want it hot," said poor aunt. ' All right. I thought you were asleep. Get to bed, and I'll bring it to you." Aunt retreated to her room, and Eve brought the tea. But now it was tepid and nasty, the milk a brown scum upon the top-no comfort at all. However, aunt bore the disappointment, rather than cup, since they did not volunteer to do so. She drank the wretched stuff, while her niece eagerly turned about the print frock and urged her to finish it if she could, so that it might be put on in the morning. When the girl had gone, having been called for to take a walk with a school friend, the little hot hands sewed on des perately until their job was done. Then aunt got out of bed again to put away her work-basket, lest Alan should suspect what she had been doing and scold her; and, returning, lay down in the pensive dusk to realise how solitary she was, and how much more ill she felt than she had done in the morning. "Oh, how happy theyare that have their own dear husbands to take sare of them !" she thought, with her handkerchief at her fevered eyes. However, she was not without some one to care for her. In the evening, when the family were making merry with a casual guest over a game of cards, and Sarah was talking to her young man at the yard door, a shrinking, slinking form came gliding through the passages and up the stairs and straight into the darkened room. Toby seemed to have foreboded that aunt was ill, and felt impelled to come and see, the reason of which unusual solicitude on the part of a dog for a person not belonging to his own household being due to his instinctive knowledge that she ought to have belonged to it, and virtually did so. He laid his damp nose on the edge of the mattress and whimpered under his breath, begging her to reassure him. Then, after standing still for a long time, while she embraced his head and let him lick her face as much as he liked, he stealthily climbed upon the bed and stretched him self at full length beside her. He was full of fleas, but she did not mind that now. They lay there together in silent sympathy until Mr Ransome, learning that his sister was not well, came to ask her how she felt, on his way to bed. Then Toby was kicked downstairs and was bundled out into the street. All next day Mr Paine kept audibly wondering what on earth was the matter with that dog. Toby left the house, and came back, whining and restless; left it again, and returned in the same perturbed condition, as if vainly looking for some thing. " What is it, old dog ? What is it, then?" he demanded cheerily, slapping Toby's aides. ...... Toby yapped, jumped with all his feet at once and made little.rans to the door.. " Do you want me to take you for a walk, old fellow ? Very well, let us go for a walk." Mr Paine went to get his hat and stick, and Toby shrieked with eager ness. So the object of his desire seemed understood. The parson, who was an inveterate gos sip, stopped a few parishioners in the street then he remembered that he had something to say to his treasurer about a Church meeting, and called at Mr Ransome's bank. The manager was at home, but seemed less interested in Church matters than usual. " I hope," said Mr Paine, "that your family are all well." " Thank you," said Mr Ransoms, " they are, with the exception of my sister, who has managed to pick up a nasty sort of feverish cold." " I am sorry for that. She is not seriously indisposed, I trust P" " I trust not," said Mr Ransoms. " For the house all seems to go to pieces when she is laid up. He said no more, and Mr Paine, feeling that he was not wanted particularly, got up to go. "Here, Toby I Toby I" he called. " Where is that dog of mine off to P" "I daresay he is in my sister's room," said the banker, with wonderful toleration, for he had been heard to threaten that he would shoot Toby some day, "You might leave him, if you don't mind. It amuses her to have him." "Cartainly," said Mr Paine, "if he is not a nuisance. Give her my kind regards, and tell her I hope she will soon be herself again." That evening, when he was in his study, looking up a subject for Sunday's sermon, Toby came and clawed at the door, and whined more urgently than ever. "He can't want a walk now," thought the parson, annoyed by the disturbance; " and if he goes on like this, he will have to be punished. Quiet, sir!" he thundered. Then Tobygaveupaskinghim tocomeand help poor aunt in her extremity, and went back to do what he could for her by him self. He found the bank shut up, and lay on its street doorstep till morning. In the morning the town rang with the news that aunt was in a critical state with inflammation of the lungs. The veriest nobody becomes a somebody under these circumstances. Mr Paine, breakfastless, was rushing off to make enquiries, when a note was put into his hand. " DEa MiR PMNE, eater seems to consider her case a serious one. Father thinks it would be a comfort to her to see a clergy man, so will you kindly come round to day, if quite convenient i They are trying to get her to sleep now, so perhaps you had better not call until after dinner. "Yours sincerely, " Ev? ?A~NSOarE.' Mr Paine called four times, but it was not until late in the afternoon that he was let in, though his daughter had been'assis tant nurse all day. It was Anna who with held, and then gave permission to admit him, and who gravely escorted him to aunt's room. "She is a little better now," said the young clergywoman, in her business-like way. " but it will not last. You had better urge her to take the sacrament while she can. i suggested it for this afternoon, and that we should join, but she seems to wish to see you'alone first. I am afraid she does not realise how short her time is likely to be." The clergyman, leaving behind him his prayer-book for the sick, and all concern for the viaticum to which Anna attached so much importance, crept into aunt's room. What a change, in three days, from that happy, happy night ! She had just rallied from a sort of half-drowned state, out of seas of stupefying pain and narcotic insensibility, and she smiled at him wist fully with her heavy, dark eyes. But death was in her face. He saw it the moment he looked at her, and she knew that he saw it. He sat down in the chair by the bed-on the far side of her lay Toby, looking from one to the other with solemn satisfaction -and he took her poor hand in his, and wept over it and kissed it. It was the first lover's kiss that aunt had ever had. "Look the door," she. whispered, pant ing. He stumbled across the room, blind with tears, and turned the key in the lock. Going back to her, he dropped on his knees, put one arm under the pillow and the other over her laboring little breast, and kissed her again-on the lips this time. She kissed him back, moaning, with shut eyes, holding him to her as well as she could with hands so fast losing their power to hold anything. Toby gently stretched forward from where he lay be side them, and licked the two grey heads. " I have chosen the altar-cloth," gasped aunt, when she was able to speak. " Num ber fifty-two-the Latin cross-with the three stars-on the super-frontal-in silk velvet-the best-" "Oh, my dear," he groaned, "don't mind those trifles now !" " Yes. You must get it-for Easter. I want a lawyer-to come and make a codi ciL I want to leave-the money to buy it -number fifty-two. Then-when you go -into the church-and see it-you will remember me." "Oh, my God ! As if I shall need any. thing to remember you by !" A bursting sob broke from him, hushed down quickly, lest the people in the house should hear. Aunt's face screwed up for a. moment, and two tears rolled down. Toby rose to his feet in alarm, and sniffed and "Dbi't-:darling !" breathed aunt "Oh," T'never knew-I never thought-that you cared - like that !" " Didn't you? You must have known. But the children, dear-the children--- "They would never have allowed it," sighed aunt. "I might have had you all this time to take care of, to nurse--" "And I could have been such a comfort to you-William -" "Elizabeth ! Oh, what a different life ! What a home- " "But the children--wouldn't let us. They would have said-we were mad. They would never-never have allowed it, William." "And now-now we have lost the chance !" "Yes-no, not quite. This has been our chance. Kiss me, William. Oh, Wil liam! I never thought-to call you Wil liam- to have you kiss me-William--" "Oh, Elizabeth ! Elizabeth!" Toby whined again, begging them to command themselves. But they could not. Anna looked at the clock in the sitting room about this time. " Father must have finished his prayers and reading by now," she said. "1 must take her some nourish ment." She took it, and firmly administered it. Mr Paine witnessed the operation in mute anguish, hovering between the bed and the door, while the patient did her best to show him that she could swallow still. Then he was ordered to go home and do his sermon. For it was Friday night. On Sunday night she died, while he was preaching a sermon that was several years old. And, of course, he had not been allowed to nurse her in her last hours, though Toby was privileged to stay by her nearly all the time. Toby would have been turned out often, but whenever he saw a chance of that happening he got under the bed, and so evaded notice. He also learned that he must not open his mouth, though his heart should burst with grief; so he lay and watched in passive patience, or with pricked ears and quivering nose, until his friend ceased to see he was there, ceased to respond to his surreptitious licks, ceased to be visible to his yearning eyes. Then he did lament most dismally. They overlooked him, lying under the bed, when they left her in a long box with a sheet over it, hidden in a nest o?eoentpaper. frills ; and the noise he madsoe gawve. Sarah rsueh a turn that she declared she dnrs'n't sleepjn'the. house till the corpse was out of it. A corpse that a dog howled over in that fashion was something out of nature, she said. They tied Toby up with a strong chain all Monday, so that he might not disturb the funeral. The weather changed on Monday-in that sudden way that is peculiar to Aus. tralian weather-from summer to winter, in a night. And the hundreds of mourners that " followed," in cabs and buggies, and on horseback and on foot, after the kindly Australian custom, felt an unusual grey dreariness in the familiar function, and were glad to get it over and get back to the warm precincts of home and the public house. By four o'clock -twenty hours from the time when she had belonged to the living world-poor aunt was in her grave, with the raw earth heaped above her; and the gates of the cemetery were shut, and not a soul within them. But one came back. Mr Paine, having gone through the ordeal of getting his tea, could no longer endure the proximity of his daughter, with her untimely questions and advice. On a pretext of parochial business, he went out while it was still daylight, and took Toby off the chain to go with him. 'The dog sprang forward, wag ging an expectant tail, as if there were still hopes that aunt might be somewhere whence she could be brought back. But when he stood beside her grave, and saw how his master looked at it, he seemed to understand what had been done that day, though he had not been to the funeral. He lifted up his nose and howled on a long note; then he fell upon the new-made mound, and began to rake away the earth with his fore-paws. ,"No use, Toby!" said his weeping master. And he stopped the dog's pro ceedings, replacing the scattered mould with his hands, and patting it smooth. Dogs were not allowed in the cemetery, by order of the trustees, but the print of Toby's body was discernible upon that mound as long as the soil was loose enough to take it. The caretaker laid wait with his gun for the desecrating beast, until the matter was explained to him. Then he and the trustees gave Toby the freedom of the city-that city of the dead. The Ransomes wanted to buy him, for aunt's sake, and the enticements of pats and bones were offered from many other quarters. But a dog like Toby is not to be bought, though men and women are. He stuck to his fellow-mourner, making more The parish did not see it, but Toby saw it -the change that the 20th of November had worked in William Paine. The child. ren might call him an old man now, for he was an old man. But he had not been old before. [THn Een.] 