THE BETRAYAL OF JOHN FOBDHrVM. By B. U. FARJEON, Author of 'No. 119, Great Porter Square,' 'Grif,''The March ol FaW' 'For tbe Dei enco,' ' Aaron the Jew,' etc. OHSl'TEH XXXIV. (CONTIKDED.) 1 listened In silent ainnwmcnt. These were tbe marks npon the body of Philiu Barlow, alia Morgan. Here, then, was the key to tbe mvBtery— here, to a certain ex tent wns an t xplanation of tbe glioBt of Louis that Jack saw in Fincbley. For if onJv one bodv wm found in Ujro ? street, ami oulv one 'body was buried (of which there was uroof positive), it was that of Maxwell's associate aud confederate, Mor gan, and Louis Fordham must be alive. It ^vaB not Louis' ghost that Jack saw, it was Louis himself, anU the reason why Philip Barlow did not conic forward to claim the legacy kit to him by his uncle was BaUsfac toriLv explained. 1 declare, my breath was almost taken away. Bui how had this substitution of bodies been effected \ Everything seemed to hang without delay must I [ml into execution the idea that crosse.) iny mind when I caught sight of the green curtain on the morning of this very day. If any ^lerson could assist uic - hat 'person was iiadame Loubert. Id a£ fuw words as possible I explained to Wheeler the position of affairs and my plan of action in the carrying out of which his with lively interest, and in a few minutes I entered the shop alone, Wheeler keep ing watch in the atreet. I stood at the counter white Madame LoaLcrt served a customer, and then she turned to me, '? What do you require, monsieur?' ' A little information, madamc.' 'In private, niadame,1' I said, '-unleBS you wish all the world to know.' She gathered from my tone that I had not come as a friend, and she was instantly ' What is it, monsieur, that I Bhould not wish all the world lo know.' 41 1 adviBe that we speak in private,' I replied. ' If 1 r -refuse, monsieur? ' You T7ill take the consequences, and we will converse before vojj customers.' *' Ah,' she said, playing a devil's tattoo on tbe counter with 'he* fingers. .*tf i mistake not, you wore one ^ tnv customers ' 1 bad albo the pleasure of serving yon this morning, madanie.' ' 6o !' I Assumed the voice of the costcrmonger, and enquired if she wished to buy any more ferns. She caught her breath, and cried, ''It was you J' madame, who purchased of you last night and gave you a reference.' ** A reference, m&Qame;— to Mrs Fordham. Louis' mother, and stepmother to John Korilham, now in prison murder.1' I smiled. ' Wbat is your John Fordham to me ? And what arc joa. ' I have the honor to be a detective. In that capacity behold me here.' I thought thie rather dramatic and Frenchified and I had the pleasure of Beeing her turn white to the lips. ' A comrade is on watch outside,' 1 continued. Ehc slipped from the counter to the door, and peering cautiously about, saw Wheeler, who, I being by her side, gave me a nod of recognition. ' Are vou satis fied, madame ?' I asked, whin she 'had taken her place again behind tbe counter. 'There is proUclion for women in this country,' she said. ' Are you employed by II Fortunately for you I am not. You will, perhaps, understand when I any 1 am a private detective. If a Government official were in my plnce it would bo with a warrant.' *' A warrant, monBicur 7' Shall we converse here or in your private cuilain. l( A moment,' I said. 'Last night,, when I had the pleasure of purchasing Eome of vour very excellent provisions, and happened to mention that J was recoui mendid by Mrs Fordham, you had a visitor in that ro -m, who gave you a signal. Ib the Glie said, throwing open the door. -' How ' I eb nil surprise you, madamc, with the extent of my knowledge. In order that we may not he interrupted we will turn the key in the shop door.' ' Vou arc not afraid 1' she asked, and there nasa look in her eyes resembling that of a cat who is about lo spring. ' Oh, no, niadame,' I replied, following her to the: inniT room, 'the English arc not afraid of the French.' 'Nor the French of the English,' she hissed. ' You arc a powerful nation,' I said, with /i polite bow, *'so arc we. 3 propose, in your arc u priDcipal.' ' A princijial I What is thatT ** Tour knowledge 'of our language. Madame Loubert, in almost perfect ; one might take you for a native, you speak English so fluentlv. But at your wiab I will explain what 1 mean by my use of the word. It is that of a man or woman who, its perpetration.' ' I defy you to prove that 1 knew of It,' ' 1 have not finished— though ycur denial, being in the past tense (a point of grammar, madam c), is partial proof that it does not apply to the present. By the term ' prin aftcrwards in keeping those wbo arc guilty Out of the hands of justice, and who, at the tbe innocent. That affuciB vou. madame, and if ^ou persist m shieliing the guilty you will see the ineiJe of a prison door. 1 am going to be quite plain with you. Some years ago you, then in Paris, entered the ' 1 aid not. I entered the Beryice qf a lady,11 ' John Pordham'e wife. In English law it Is the tame. You were John Fun! ham's SL'rvant. You came to England with him and hU wife, and exercised authority in bis houfic. . I am acquainted with every par ticular of your conduct during the years you remained with them. You hated 'your waiter, and concpirod against htm. Your u.iBtrcBs was a drunkard, and yon secret! v supplied her with liquor.' ' She gave me orders, and I obeyed ?? You went much further than that, madame. You invented lying stories against \Our master, y^n gave secret cvi-lenca airainet him. I could entertain you for an hour with the Ill-tails qf yqur trcacticry and that 'of other enemies of hie with whqm you were in collusion It succeeded to3 well. It drove him from his home, it drove him from his country. Confess, madame, that I am well informed. 11 1 confess nothing. I wait.' ' fio not wait too long, madamc. I pass over ' the intervening years, and come straight to the peril io whiph you stand-a peril which, if you do not avert it by your own action, your own immediate action, madaine, will make a convict of you. You know what that means, do 30a not? A OQBvict— bo many years' imprisonment — hard labor— no more red wine, no more nice French dishes. Somewhat over a year ago a brutal murder was committed in Liverpool, and quite lately your former master, Mr John Fordham, laboring under a singular hallucination, accuses himBeli of the murder of his half-brother Lonls.' I kept my eyes on her facs an I mentioned the name, bat not a muscle moved. ??It is bis own b&einew;,' one feaid,'not mine' ' I shall prove lo yon that It Ji yours In an indirect minn* r. You know of this mnr dcr, you know I bat John Fordbam is in prison 00 the charge of committing it. It is my turn to wait now, mai^ine. ?? S«t (.hat I know of it. Wnttt ttjen 7' 'Tliis, V 01} are a ware tbat Irani* Ford he is thi« day alive, and tbat Jonn Fordham U innocent cl tbe crime ol whicb he accased htnisalf , and tor which yon would like to see him hanged. Ton are Intimately acquainted with L^niB, you know were he live!. Last nlftnt, when I wm in jour (hop, a man to ooD*e»led behfod thii green corl»ln,' ' It vib not Monjieur Louis,' she oiled, and then she bit her Up, aa though the nad laid . loo muoh. 'Ho, madame,' I Mid, smiling, 'It was not Meneieur Louii. The man was jonr deocaied mlstreBs' brother, MaiwelL- You see, madamc, we hive been keeping watch on yon. We bare even tbe etrldenoo at the ruicil tou married under a deplorable mis representation. I refer to Monsieur Why brow.' ' Ah P she exclaimed. ' Ihe ingr-rate 1' ' He 1b a. scoundrel madamc, bat cTlJenoo is evidence, and we shall take advantage ot hie if it be ncocBsaty. Ton can punlah him —why do yon aot ! Ib it tbat you .{ear, he might blurtont Bomethlng about your present Intimacy with Klonbieur Lonifl' moUier and with Uanrell, who visile you diagnissd with false bend and whiikeis ? It it that you tear tbat this might lead the police lo inquire into the rcasins for your aiBoclalion with tbe villain who mnrdsred Monsieur Morgan 1' And now I had the Batisfaotion of seeing her blanch and of knowing that I had bit the nail on the bead. ' It would make you in same sense nn accomplice in the crime.; So you uirceive the danger that hmnei over you madame 1 Do you perceive that your hatred ol John Fordham may be curried too far ? Intensely disagreeable as it will be to yon to assist in proving his innocence, it is your only chance ol saloty. Decide for yonr selC i I use no persuasion.' ' No, jan u»e threats,' she said, and 1 think, It a look from a woman's cyis couM kill, I should not be here coir to tell my '''Hardly that, I have been very frank with yon; if I have hurt your feelings permit me to offer yon my apologies.' ?? What do jou require of mo ?' shs aaked. ' The address of Monsieur Maxwell, and of Lonis Vordham and his mother,' I replied. ?'Nothing morel' 'Nothing more.' ' And then yon and your spies will trouble '? No more than is necrsury to protect ourselves from treachery.' ' I will not be draggdd into your witneii box,' she cried. ' 1 will noi— 1 will not I' I considered a nomunti If socccts con tinued to attend me— and 1 believed that it would— we could dispense with her evidence. To be able to lay hands upon John Fordbam'i encmicB this very nigbt was the all-important move In the game. To-morrow they might be out of. our reach, and I should be con* fronted with difficulties that might be in Bur in ou n table . ' Bvery iff jrt shall be made,' f said, ' not to bring you forward ai a wilneBa.' And, in leed, as I spoke tbeBe wotJb 1 was penetiated by a conviction that sack evidence as she could give would be of little valu: ; bnt 1 kept this to myself. It is not wise to show your weak oardB. ' You promise It,' she Bald, ' on your honor as a gentleman I' ' On my honor as a gentleman, madame, I replied, with my band on my heart, and repressing a smile, ' I promise i'.' To my snrprise fihe sprang U) her feet ; (he devil within her obiained the mastery, and 1 never b^ard the hnman voice exprcBS hatred 80 vindictively and forcibly. The stoiies 1 have heard ol the femaU fiend in tbe French Commune came vividly to my mind ; a representative B'ood before me in tbe person of Madame Loubert, as she hiss id. ' Nj, I will not help him 1 I would go In my holiday clelbes to see him banged '?' '- Ton shall not have that pleasure, madame,' I said. ' I wish you good even ing.' Her fears returned. There is no weapon so tfEectiVd as calmneBB in dealing with hysterical naturis. If you shriek, they shriek the louder j if you sand firm they quail. ' What to do f' she asked, showing in her face the conflicting emotlonB by which she was torn. ' To obtain a warrant for your arrest,' I anewercd boldy. 'My spies will take care tbat yon do not escape.' I was bait out of the room when she cried, Stop I I will do it— I wiU do it I' '* 1 do not know, madamc,' I said, appear ing to hesitate. ?? We can manage without your aid. Von shall stand in the dock by the side of your friend Maxwell.' And now she was thoroughly terrified ; Bhe wept, she implored, Bbe fell npon her koeeB. It was a great victory, bnt tbongh I knew I could not do without her i did not yield easily. When I had worked her up te a proper pitch I said : 'Bifl?, madame, and write the address in Finchley where 1 Bhall find your friendB.' ' They arc not my friends,' she cried, tottering to the table on which lay writing materials. 'They would ruin, they would destroy me I And 300 moatieur—you will cav..* me 7 You have promiBed, on the bonor of a gentleman. Yon will save me— yon will save me 1' ' I «ill keep my promise, madame. Write — it is your only chance. You allowed your hatred of John Fordham to carry you Uj far. Be thauktnl that I came hereasyonr friend.' II If 1 had never met these Fordhame,' she said, her bands trembling as ehe took up the tea, 'it would have been better t or m°.' 'It would have been belter for yuu if yon had been faithfnl to your master, ani not entered iato & conspiracy agsiost him. We English hive a prorerb-rhonesty is tbe best policy. Take it to heart, and for the future be oontent with making money out of us.' I looked at the addrtaj ehe bad written, 23, Lethbridg-.-road, N.W. 'Dj they all live together, mtiame7' ' I think bo, monsieur,' Bhe replied, and even uov Bhe made a motioa, at though she would bave liked to pluck tbe paper from me. There waa no fear of my forgetting the address, and 1 held It out to her. ' Do von wish for It bick 7' ' N»,'no 1 ' ahe sai.1, with a shudder. '' Very gjod. Just another worJ of sen Bible advice, madame, Keep in your shop, and preserve silence until I bricg thiB afitir to a satisfactory conclusion. It you e-ir yon will be followed ; if you write a letter of warning it will f.U Into the bauds of the police, Tou understand 7' ' It ooly remains to me to tba&k; you for this very pleasant Interview.' Bo 1 left her, saving to myself as I r joined Wheeler, ' Checkmate to Madame Loubert.' 'W..11 7' »»id Wheeler. 'Sncccei, my boy, success!' J replied, ' The game is in ourhaeds, but not a mo ment must be lost. I am golcg in for des perate measures. W(U you back me up?' 11 In an\ thing.' . ' Po you carry a pistol 7' I asked, grasping his hand. ' Celt's dooble action revolver, six cham bers,' he answered, tapping the back of hiB waistband. 'Took it to Liverpool with me.' more men. Jack for one. Can you recom (T« Be Coktikued Next Wednesday.) 