HERE KM THERE. Dp, L|v|ngstone used to tell luw whilst travelling in Africa, ho wns so hard sat fpr food, thn^be mndo a moul of two mice and a light, blua-colored mole, . ' ' .' Mdlle. Couodon, tho Frenoh pro. phetoas, lifts been brought into promi nence again by the 'recent cyolcne in Paris, which sho predicted \n July to occur in September! . Mr. George Faudel-Phlllips, the new Lord Mnyoi-e]eot of London, is the fourth Jew to hold that oflioe. His father, Sir Benjamin Phillips, who was Lord Mayor in 18(10, was the second, M. Maingault, tho f onions anatomist, discovered that, by forcing nil' into tlie lainyx of V dend animal, sounds conld be proflucod very similar to those of the voice during life, Amorionn oydle manufacturers ap pear to have had a large trade this year m tnndems, and Recording to nil accounts, the two-senter jb jjkely to bo more populnr tbnn ever in 1607. The 'life tree' of Jamaica i9 hnrder to lull thnn nny other species of woody growth known to nrborculturiBts. I't continues to grow nnd thrive for months after being uprooted and exposed to tlie suu, . It is reported that tho Empress Eu genie has recently made her* will, lonv« ing the bulk of her fortune to tho Princess Eugenie, daughter of tho Princess Beatrice tad granddaughter of Queen Victoria, During Li Hung Chang's visit In STew York, George Francis Twin sont him a box of out flowors e-yory morn ing, addressed to 'Citiiion, Awibnasador, Statesmnn, MorohnTit, Bunker, Viceroy nnd Genernl'Li Hung Chang.' A Liverpool policeman who, as h° thought, swallowed n sixpence thirteen yeHrH ngo, recently hnd n Bevero pain in his throat, A fit of coughing came on, iiud the long lout poin, hnlf of Us original thickness, w«« relensed from his throat. In England alone there nro no losB than 238,489 boys and girls (lepenileut on tho State, Tho majority of them re* ceive outdoor relief, hut there romnin8 an army of 110,000 homeless nnd friend' less little people whoare ontlrely fed nnd clothed and housed by the Poor Law authorities, The Qnoen.of Italy, whou stopping in the, Alpino village of Gressoney, dresses in tho pretty sonrlot costume of the peaBnnt womnu, She delights in the innumerable Alpine walks ncd scrambles that abound on every hilU side, Amerious Symmes, 85 years old, has ust died «t Louisville.Ky, He wbb n son of John Cleve, Symmes, who was an Arctic exploror, and maintained that ho world was hollow, nnd tho entrance to tho interior would bo found at the Pole3, A ghost is supposed to hnunt tho vlllagBof Bookiug.in Essex, Several femalos when wftlking nlono in the darkness are said to l)&ye; been terribly alnrmod to find a male ghost gliding noiselessly nlongsido them. A curious defect has been discovered in Buda Pesth'a underground railway. There nro not enough vontiUtlng apoi* tures in tho tunnol, nnd the trains rushing through it compress the air in it like that in the tube of a pneumntio gun, On some occasions the cars hnve beou lifted from the trunk, nnd tho passengers have been almost suffocated, One stretch of tunnel, two miles long, has only ft single vontilnting ftportiiro making it almost an airtight compart ment, ?--??. 