THE MAN SHE FOUND. When Violet Lingard announced that the was going in for literature there were those among us who scoffed. Violet was so alarm- ingly pretty, one would never suspect her of possessing brains. She was one of those girls with alluring facts—the sort of beaute-du-diable of which Ourda is always writing, eyes of most unholy blue and lips which could smile a man's soul away. A fascinating minx with the most graceful and winning manners ; a being of moods, tender, repellant, kindly and icy by turns, she had created havoc and strewn devas- tation wherever her dainty feet had trod. Suddenly she wearied of the endless round of gaiety and fashion to which from her teens she had been accustomed and amazed her coterie by declaring her intention of writing realistic novels. Of course everyone said it was merely a fad and would soon blow over. But it didn't, that was the astounding part of it. Her first novel attracted more than passing notice. She was commended for her original and audacious style, her clever plot and a cer- tain dainty feminine touch. She was written about, interviewed ; her beauty and her talent were praised by the paragraphed and all the details of her luxurious life were brandished about the country. From being merely a typical society girl, a young woman of elegance and fashion, she suddenly became a somebody to be pointed out and stared at and raved about. This spasmodic adulation pleased Violet. She had always feasted upon flattery but now she revelled in it. She threw herself into a life of feverish emotion, became cynical, disdainful, and thought of nothing but her miserable ambition. Local colouring came to be on absolute mania with her. She was always prating of " atmosphere " and " realism." One can stand a lot of infernal nonsense from a pretty woman, but really poor Violet often grew actually tiresome with her endless rhapsodies about " the divinity of realism." It was just after publishing her second novel, a combination of ingenuity and wickedness, a smartish, brackish story you wouldn't have liked your sister to write, that the girl decided to go to the far West in search of " local colour " for her next attempt. " Yes," she drawled with the fine lady air of disdain she had assumed since her success, " yes, I am going in search of local colour and a hero. I may take a cowboy for the latter— who knows ? They tell me those fellows are delightfully original and as breezy as the winds from the Rockies." She made up her mind she had not been misinformed when a month later, she met Jack Weatherby. Weatherby was a child of the plains. He had never been east of the Mississippi and had an infinite contempt for the land of the rising sun. He had hunted for a living ; he had been a cowboy and raised as much of a rumpus in mining camps as the next fellow. Now he owned his own ranch and herds ; had settled down somewhat and had begun to think he would like a wife and home. He was a handsome fellow, as fiery as the mustang he rode and as tender hearted as a woman—some women. His ranch lay in the shadow of the Sangre de Christo range, next to that of the Atherton's, where the New York girl was stopping. Its acres stretched to the shadowy foot hills and over them roamed the sleek, well-fed creatures of which he was so proud. It was two days after her arrival that he saw her first. He had ridden over to see Tom Ather- ton, the big muscular Englishman, who was his particular crony, and had come down the trail with his customary " Hark" and " Whoop." As though riding the sightless couriers of the air, he dashed up to the little flower- garden, spurs and chains jingling, sombrero flapping, and letting out a yell which could have been heard in Den- ver. And there by the side of pretty Mrs. Atherton, sat a stranger, a vision, on angel. The astonished ranchman blushed and stam- mered like a school boy as he bowed awkwardly and apologised for his Apache-like descent. Who was this divinity in palest pink, this radi- ant creature with hair like gold and eyes like heaven's own blue ? " My friend, Miss Lingard from New York," Mrs. Atherton said. Pshaw ! She was a celestial being straight from Para- dise. I have always pitied Weatherby. Never for one moment could I blame him. He was a primitive man with savage instincts lurking in his breast. Brave, loyal, straight-forward him- self, how could he dream of the treacherous cruel blows one little soft white hand was capable of dealing. Violet found this sturdy, brawny ranchero a delightful study, and decided that he should be the hero of her next novel. His quaint wit and poetic fancies born of the mesas of the moun- tain, his forcible and often ungrammatical speech was faithfully noted ; his emotions were played upon, his heart was probed. And he never dreamed he was being experimented on. He loved this exquisite creature, this dainty, soft, purring beauty, as he loved his life. He coveted her and longed to shut her close to his big, faithful, honest heart. At last came the night when Violet carried her passion for " atmosphere" and " local colouring " to its climax. They had gone for their customary evening stroll, and had climbed up a lofty butte to a broad ledge of rocks. At their feet yawned the canon, tremendous, awful, black, save where the moonlight touched the opposite wall with ghostly fingers. Back of them loomed the range like the battlements of a phantom city. Through the pines in the canon the wind came sighing in mournful cadence. While far, far below sounded the faint rushing of water—the river tumbling and foaming along over its rocky bed. " What a weird place," cried Violet with a pretty little shudder, " and what a ghost-like night. Why did we never come up here before, Jack ? What a scene !" Weatherby was lying at her feet where he had thrown himself to rest after their climb He turned his face, white in the moonlight, toward her, and fixing his dusky, unfathom- able eyes upon her, said : " I kept this place for this hour. I meant to bring you here when I got my courage to the point where I could say all that is in my heart. Many a time down there,' pointing to the ranch lying below, " I have looked up here and thought of the time I would bring you up to tell you how I love For one instant Violet felt a queer little thrill. The simple dignity of his declaration almost moved the worldly, cold-blooded girl. Then she thought of her local colouring. " What a situation for my novel," she said to herself ; then aloud gently : " So you really love me, Jack ?" " Love you ?" he echoed passionately, as he rose and sat down beside her, " Violet, look," taking her hand, " my heart lies here in this dear little hand." Then throwing all reserve to the winds, he seized her and kissed her madly, tempestuously. She struggled to free herself and at length succeeded. " How dare you ?" she demanded, " how dare "— " How dare I ?" he cried. " Why dearest, I love you—I love you, do you hear ? And you, you love me a little, do you not ?" He was approaching her again, when she said con- temptuously : " No, not a bit. I have simply been studying you." He stood as if turned to stone. " Studying me," he said, in a queer voice, " studying— why—why ?" he savagely demanded, as he caught her wrist and held it in an iron grip. " You were so different," she faltered, a bit frightened at his sudden ferocity. " I wanted a new type for my book, you know. I suppose Tom told you I write books ——" An absolutely murderous look swept over Weatherby's face. " No," he said, " no one told me that. So you write books ? And you wanted to put me in it—was that it ? Answer me, answer me." " Yes," she murmured faintly " And that was all ! You never loved me— never meant to marry me ?" " Why, no, how could I ? I am to be married in the fall to a man in New York—" A snarl like that of an infuriated beast inter- rupted her. Livid with rage he sprang toward her. Once again he crushed her, shrinking and trembling, to his breast, then drugged her to the very edge of the canon, gaping like the bottom- less pit to receive them. And as her agonised screams pierced the soft summer night Weatherby, still holding her against his out- raged heart, stepped off. They found them next day in the bottom of the canon. Violet's lovely face was past recog- nition, but on Weatherby's lingered a smile of such awful triumph as would have pleased the arch-fiend himself. 