[?] [?] 3^5 in*. »t-faVr^.-; ,...V i ^ ~4 ??!?!? ..?? r ? „ . T ??S'?5e-- A q ... ?? ,.^- griiiflr jillnnHiW't^aP: ^1to;-4a* «r VeaTMimhVUiiA: WiW* gf^ ^ ^airftteoHilHhrjaot yu^iweui *atti» 11^ fajttml Why 4e*w«ejwr 18*9. Ibe ,it ^ Am ^aMl^U rifteM otViy. p^«n.-14inkMtJ»afii4eM ate ahaant, BP tapglte?, ibrit only and bar r J-^fl4nR' r 4^jl^ 35Mi«lim1i«r * Iribar jaBopii* Inaas ft? »*«*«*» jpaoe *n ?ii^nHinnl XfenaJfnaoaia bMtfly eeowys 4o hi* diiijitiiwr the a*arttoyfaMffl»w**lw* a BO»qrinOT ffhrnotor, fef y .'?- kxm *vC^ffJ»ok, rBt~-'^.^iar*«wnH^ihs 'B#aowaw it Felaaooth, ? ST? -' taraeeeepea, takfe* Io ibe tab, altar firrt j£S''v~ atttAing thft tawtod, ?amJfiat oW Xr. fe-.-.' '. Barrow* iad alf ajilhifl 4fes Hfs«f 4ho *0®, i-'j ' nasi Ton, wfao, t-y Ae ny, is engaged ;4' - lo%U«a»ji. rang *»ri4tttbe tbzae £f' . owtkva »ake attest J4etsnnined .attack ran Vi - ; Edoirfi' sbiptperteart; tolly wocndin#: tbe «M iCfav.- safe ia fcbetr tat votkar. Hary heroically holds ??5-..,-r*: tfwmatWyiiinLlwhiiiiiwil miwkwbganpe ' onbbcseb*cfrixDdffooT*r«rf-bederknesajoat*a ^''IV.' Cottage*^, wfcossmlsaNlf Tadsfeoa. and $3 ^ ; . - Ida iwalniait wwntifcim Tba ttixnee, fane .^.-*vv ' ' ttflBtonace by breaking in tbe front door. Hary icS K laarliei j |i)kw iff nfrihr and IminfirtlatrflTr' ? ? -y- -rjfcgaa ?aeoif uWri by foar «f tbe neighboring %?%'? eoUteie oclyto find ibe hpaaaeteod insane*, yj :? ,*? TWilb difficulty the to l»flrtn*t)bbed»i»d tbe ; J -?-?? eemUna ier tsAer reeeeed. A few daya ? 'f _ afttvberfatber baa been laid io net. the nd intaUigeaoe pT- ifie^deslh 'of Hrs. Edvarda is ^'4' ixtifQbttyber Mbei, who at ooee (one a . strong par^iNiAnoly pledged to revenge tte j :-|.- % - death of tbeir parenta. Beaded by Jobs Ed- 1 . -I : ?-- -, 'warda, who la supported by a eonataUe named i i- ? ??'? -OTea Griffin, t noted bacbtanger -hrniter, tbe ' \-- 't : .?r Mrtr IbUov tbe- ^acks -of tbe fogitivaa for , aevoal day*, Umwgh Qwximgo and ataoon in . aooeilblalMtnataeittnthetogetioaoC Mount ' . Mlolinjfi, rtyi »— Ain«« **?*«' HoMMinttirm ?''? ??_ tiheftnwwiareaaddraly attaetod'and a det \- ' fwU c&wantar; takse vlaea in ^Miih To® : ;r'- '?' jSarrcnn ia lAain on one nde and Mixner on tbe ;T:-r- otber. Dorisg tbe fight a atraoge apparition ' ?? . appear* tor* xnotoenl upon the roeka opponte ' twttociiufdtta toothiBft. , ? ^ ibetr'-hortor apd «oof tanSticm ^^'reeopilae'lii it the well* ?.? -.Icnowc^gnnof tbidr«bt«rf Vaty, eridentlrtn ; ^ '-the power ^f CoUegv' Jack. Tbe porroit U 1 7.v;- coe United with renewed, vigor leading, in the , : y'' ' . ;dneetionoffiieaeacoaat,wlddiiii«aebed on i|'; the gtorninB ef -to MNhi| it-y. Frpm^fci 1 ?madtetaliUrcliff onBotting tbeooeana i ^ ?, ama]i boat ia ohaerred making afenfgtit oot to - ^ea in whictufat aaatad Tiriaton and Mary. Tbe \- ^ latter cpon seeing than wsrae ber band* and I oUamoee to a wtrasge, byiterieal langb | ' am tba boat diaappcan in tbe doting darkness, i v — ? — I CHAPTER VIII. i 'I am afraid the ruffian will kill: Mary in the meantime untes, impos- ! sible as it may seem,' he W relented aad is taking her back to her home | \- again. It almost Ipoks like it in his ; coming this way' amidst the settled V : district God grant all may turn out well yet,' replied die leader of the ex ' pedition. 'If not I wish I had never : undertaken this mission of^revenge,' he r . added, and then I would have been at \- - home to guard her from harm. 'The greatest care will not always . do that. My own opinion is that : 'your sister will come ont safely in the end, and that is not far away. Keep . ?.your patience until to-morrow, friend,' : ' returned Griffin. This was the best advice he could give and all the men were fain to pro fit by it The night passed without in cident and at daylight tbe tracks were \- again taken up and followed due east. 'I don't understand where they are \- making for in this direction. I thought tbey would turn north or south but they are going straight on and will come up with a sharp turn soon. The \- coast is tiot more than a couple of miles away and there is no escape in that direction,' spoke the constable about an hour after noon as be was laboriously tracking tbe fugitives. The small footmarks of Mary Ed . wards, kept beside the larger prints of : . the man and there was no mistaking the trail in consequence. Each hour they became fresher, and as the sun de | clined in the western heavens the four men came In sight of the ocean at a j ' point not far from Falmouth Bay. They were now not more than a mile distant from it, and as the tracks led straight i on it occurred to Grilfin that the fugi tives were making for one of the numerous caverns which indented the ; coast line in thatdirection. j ' Of course Tarleton would have some knowledge of this locality, but it r is absolute madness on his part to think ] ? of escape in such a manner. I will run | -turn down in twenty-four hoars if be; ^ adopts that idea. He frill not have the i ghost of a show, and he must be insane ? to think, of such a thing. Yet why does he bring the girl with him in this ; fashion? — and she appears to be willing ? enough to accompany him, too. If she was the heroine her brothers picture her, why die would have given him ; , plenty of trouble befoie going this far. [ It's a queer affair altogether, but Miles ] fe; Griftin is just tbe man to elucidate it,' ! die somewhat puzzled constable mused. There. was a conviction growing up I in his mind that the girl was not ac i companying the outlaw against her i -trill for it seemed scarcely possible tbe toan could force her to do so under the Ividrcumstances without using extreme 'course he did not hint EejlMbi soqndons to' the brothers, who ^c^cinedas if a dark cloud of woe had Egpffienflnthem. - was ? near sunset when the party ^UTived at the cliffs which fronted Tas ^^wiTsSca. .In places they were a couple tepfhnndrcd feet in height and so pre pMOpt'-JUC lliat no human being could fe^SHi^iib'.y 'descend their rugged sides, K~|i)ut there were many weather-eaten KSppls where the.explorer could descend the beach far helow. The footprints Iggpdio one of these marine paths and Hwbre going down the constable led the ^Sstrty «vcr to a ledge of the cliff where ||at^niglit be possible to get a good view |pptj& mast line. KS.,. 'iiVe may have a chance of seeing ^^e /cjlpJtT hut if not we will go down It will not take us five Igmmitcf'^nd may save hours. The rafl&ks;, As'you noticed, are quite fresh Hgmllhiat.fhty cannot be far ahead.' H||p|3'bit was so, and the three men will ?^Bpy foiloTrcd in the eager hope that |RW& )i»fiht be able to catch sii;ht of the W^girliif nol the bitihranper. There was from the si-ot ppffitaftlth llic til evoning were be jEytfciiin|i tn fall u|»m the ocean and sea Kp|jiiit!i h'tie r»mlil lie -.lislin-;ti-shcd. To h'iitlj ami the south the party niiiliiup met thcir cyes save |Bpii^.'»-retcli i-f povninu. coast line. To waspotieed scarcetnco (files atid intlfis llirectjtirilhe conslalile Hsed 1i: gare as he felt it was possible the hush jjt-l^rj}^u^g1the'girj and leave her fb^-SBir«iaii iini sacrifice. cry^timOBr^erick Ed wards, who stood on aprc^ctjiig rock ln the clifl about twenty yaid«:ii«q|Ul. - The young roan «B- islanding ' with bis right arm out iSttetthed jh'a'tfiiAerljr: direction and tula whole bearing denoted - intense ex With a ran Miles Griffia «as pt his side and stood dumfounded lor 4 few minutes looking in the ih dicatEddirection. Hie other two men joined die group and they looked upon i novel scene and one they never forgot From a small cove not above three! ibundped yards from where they stooda email beat had shot out and in it were a man and a woman wbom the specta tors jat once saw were Tarleton and Mary Edwards The latter appeared quite composed and was sitting in tbe stem holding the rudder while her ruf fianly companion rowed The boat was making straight out to sea, imd though the water was com- 1 paratively smooth it sometimes seemed 1 to disappear in the hollows between the ! roller?. Almost as the constable readied the side of young Edwards the ' outlaw saw the group, and he ap parently pointed out the men to his companion. The girt turned her head and looked towards the cliff and then waved her hand. Almost immediately afterwards the group of men heard a strange laugh which they could scarcely recognise as tbat of their sister and it mystified them more than ever. The tall outlaw plied his oars vigor ously and tbe little craft responded to the strokes, and as the sun dipped his chin on the western horizon the gather ing mists swallowed up the strange pair as they went phantom-like into the white gloom. With strained eyes the four men tried to pierce the veil which hid the boat and its occupants from them, but it was in vain ; and with a heartbreaking sigh John Edwards turned his mul., appealing eyes to the constable and the latter understood. ' It is only a ruse to put us off. That boat will come back in an hour or two and we must be prepared for it. There are only two places along here where they can land, except at Falmouth. Someone will have to go there and rouse the settlers to keep a watch along the coast and also bring down the body of Tom Barrows from the mount If you'll go, John, we will remain here on the watch— at least III stop here while Michael and Fred take up a position at yonder path. It is the only t*iing we can do, and if you rouse tbe two settlers and their men at Falmouth and tell the constables at Barrons's homestead what has occurred we will soon nab them. You might find out about the boat, too. It must have been stolen from below, or at least it belongs to someone about this district If you are willing you had better start at once, but if you want to stay here perhaps one of your brothers will go. What do you say to the plan?' spoke the official. ' I will go by all means. We must not forget poor Barrows, and the infor mation should be given at once, as you say, in the hope that it may lead to the capture of that man. He must either intend to return or commit suicide for a boat like the one tbey are in could not live, five minutes, .in a rough sea. My poor sister ! I can't quite make it out I'll go .now and raach Falmouth before it is quite dark,' and with a last look at the fog-covered sea John Ed wards turned to the south and left the group. ' Now, lads, you can either stop here or go to the other pass about four hun dred yards across there. Of course we can't stop them from landing even if we wanted to do so, but I wish to prevent Tarleton slipping us again and making for the ranges. He would do it in a moment if he got the chance. By watching the passages to the beach he will be prevented, and in the morning j'ou may have revenge on him. The least rise of wind will drive him back wliether he wants to come or not, and this time we must be careful not to {^re him a chance of getting away,' said Griffin. 'Any post win do rrea ana l ana the one you mention is as good to us as another. I would like to ask you a question, Miles, and give me a true an swer. Do you think my sister is in her right mind ?' queried Michael. ' Well, I never gave such an idea the least thought. Why do you think she is not ?' asked the constable. ' By her strange action in this matter and the peculiar laugh we heard just a few minutes ago. It was not the laugh of Mary Edwards though the form was hers,' responded Michael The officer was a hard-beaded man, who attributed wrong-doing to every cause but madness, and he was about to tell the brothers he thought the girl was sane enough when the look ia their faces stopped him and he cleverly ef fected a compromise, which he did not believe himself, but would calm in a manner the fears of the two men. ' There may be a good deal of truth in what you say, for the girl has gone through enough to send ber crazy, and at her age the mind often becomes af fected ; but still she may have been carried off by force to act as a hostage as I told you before In the latter case ber mind would be all right, and in order not to bring down the violence of her captor — which could do her no good — would probably do as he direc ted. Tarleton just now would order her to wave her hand to us as much as to signify she was going with him of her own free will, and she was sensible enough to obey the order. The scoun drel has got her in his power and would not scruple to kill her if she declined to act as he wanted. We have run him down at all events, and there can be no escape for bim now. I will see he does not get back this way and I expect you to carefully watch the other pass,' re plied Miles Griffin. Soon after the two men left their companion and went towards the point where the passage led down the cliffs to the beach. Selecting a position at which they could not be seen by any one coming up the path, they passed the night without having to act in such an emergency. The constable was similarly circumstanced. He kept guard on the narrow way by which alone the outlaw could leave the bcach | and make once more for the ranges Miles Griffin did not doubt for an : stant what the man's object was. - j^e felt convinced tbat being forced j._„ to the coast he had by some r aeans jje. come possessed of the boar ..j t ' ing it with the girl waited; u^(il the ^ pected pursuers w?.-j(d nlake (heir awwanc* Then^e would put ofTin tbe desperate hopr_ th vou]/iaulf;ine h -i was g--jn)- 10 i:tk dtalii i-n tiic sea or make for a point further north or south of the position. The oftkial was too oJJJra bird to be caugfa't i. ith such chaff. He well knewJihatlfcr many miles to the tiorththere was ao boding place, and he bad provided for . the southern contingency cvjen If. the man ? shculd be -foolish -enoiigh to'1 go to a plaoe like Falmouth where he would most likely be seen and-captured. It was more likely the outlaw, think, ing dip pursuers would not stop long at the spot whence they saw the boat dis appear, might return under cover of the darkness and make for the - interior again, and to defeat that supposed ob ject the constable lay concealed in the ' . rocks and watched^ like a- panther during the whole uight As he liy, with the silence around bim, die thought of Mary Tid wards took fuller possession ofhitn afid'heraarve51ed.at what it could all mean.: Tt-e ijfca of the girl being , bdd a prisoner against her will was fest disappearing, and lie ' now copduded'tbere must be a mystery in tbe buainess which he could not fathom. Perhaps after all she was mad, for her behavior was almost sufficient to convey the idea. When her sweet heart, Tom Barrows, was slain before ber eyes, and partly through her instru- , mentality, she did not appear to be, sensibly affected by the tragedy. This ! was inexplicable in the eyes of Griffin, for some months previously when on a flying visit to the Fingal district he had seen a meeting between the two and | was firmly convinced they loved each ? other sincerely. So the officer mused . during the night, each hour of thought causing him further mental disquiet and making the web still more tan- 1 gled When morning broke and nothing ? had occurred to justify his theory some- j thing like anger filled the breast of the constable The fog was slowly rolling ' back from the still placid ocean, but no spec of sail or black dot of boat could be seen. Going down the passage about forty yards he reached a position from which die beach could be observed for a long distance, and, shading his eyes against the rays of the rising sun, the constable took in the northern view. Nothing but cliffy sand and sea were noticeable, and after assuring himself there was nothing suspicious in that direction he turned to the south. There two or three moving figures broke the view, but he quickly saw the ob jects were men from Falmouth whom John Edwards's news had sent forth. There was no sign of the woman or Tarleton, and, greatly disappointed, he turned asyd retraced bis steps to the ciiminif- nf thp rltffs trh#»r*» he was at onpe joioed by Michael and Frederick Edwards and later on by a couple of settles from Falmouth. They knew little or nothing about the matter_save that a boat belonging to one of diem was missing from its moorings about a mile distant from ' where tbey stood. As it was the only craft in that particularlpart it must be | die one in which the gul and the bush ranger bad put off from tbe coast in. The two men bad not heard anything about the outlaws nor the fight on. the mount Both had been on their own farms keeping a look out for a popible enemy, and tbey woe greatly relieved when John Edwards told than the real position of affairs regarding the out laws. He had left them to go to the constables at Barrows's house and neither of them bad seen bim since, ' as in obedience to .his request they had taken up watch on the beach untfl d&y-; light The story- about ]Miss Edwards was quite incomprehensible to them: and tbey conld not understand it. So , far no word had reached 'Falmouth ? that the girl was missing from her home1 at Honeysuckle Creek, and from that ; fact it was clear she could not long have , been taken away by the outlaws. Such was in effect the narrative gi»en by the two men, and the owner of the boat supplemented it by saying the little craft which belonged to him was seaworthy enough but — and there was a great deal of meaning in his but — it could not possibly weather even a light gale on tbat coast So if the man kept out at sea he and bis companion must inevitably be lost As it would be quite possible to re main on tbe water for days in tbe pre sent state of the ocean, tbe constable decided to take immediate measures to prevent the bushranger landing unless t he ran the certainty of capture. There was another small settlement at St Helens, about ten miles to the north, and Michael Edwards, who knew the distance well, agreed to go along the coast and warn the residents there, who would guard the coast and capture the outlaw if h# appeared in that direc tion. ' Keep ft close watch seawards and along the beach, Michael If you catch a glimpse of them it will be best for you to return here and get our help. At any rate get someone to assist and you may possibly have tbe fellow alive so that we may worm out his story. The path along the cliff is a good one and you should be there in three hours from now. Get Jones, the constable, there to use bis best endeavors in having the boat sent down from the end of the point, and if you succeed it would be as well to return this way by water. The fellow may be hiding in some nook where he can't be seen from the top of the cliff. Use your own common sense in the matter, and retnember, Michael, ' this is the time to exercise your mind, and body. There will be plenty of time to rest when this trouble is past,' spoke Griffin to his friend ' The instructions fell in with the vilivs of the party, for it was quite possible for the occupants of the boat to pull along towards the north and elfect a landing in that direction. The fog on the previous evening and the gathering gloom hid the boat from sight before itf was half a mile from the cliff, anc^t was quite likely Tarleton when heo--dUid no longer see the figures on D- e iamj would change his course and ''head for the north as being safer a southcr|y nin. It was out of the 'que6tion lo be. lieve he would keep dJe ^ a5 lhe nearest land he corjld hope t0 mcct in that route was N ew Zealand many hun dreds of mile* . j® 'delay Michael Edwards set on and V e remainder of the party with ® ^'.eption of Frederick, who was .ed to remain on the highest part , the cliff and keep watch, descended to the beach and began a closc search around the point at wbicb the boat bad left tbe shore. As the constable ex pected no footmarks were visible at the place, but the tracks that led down tht tbe path all trended south thus (bowing Tarleton and bis companion mutt bavaj gone straight to tbe boat and tfaesg rowed to the pan whenc* the men bai| caugatjizht of it C} I | (To MM HUMMHUMl) ! 