IN THE NICK OF TIME. Little Mrs Brooke a fool? Not a bit of it. Plenty of people thought her one, misled by her guileless baby face, her engaging airs of helpless ignorance and the empty chatter, which flowed so unceas- Ungly from her pretty lips. All the same they were mistaken. She might be illeducated, knowing nothing of, and oaring less for, science, art, literature, or politics. Nevertheless. idle was quite clever enough to look after her own interests, and to be quoted by nine men out of ten as the nicest woman of their acquaintance. At eighteen, too, as the insignificant daughter of a country pareon, she had been sufficiently intelligent to attract the notice of old George Brooke, of Brooksby, to marry him, and, in the difficult position of a young and pretty woman tied to a surly husband three times her age, to conduct herself "With such circumspection as to win the approval of the county and the confidence of her lord and master, who six years later died, leaving her five thousand a year at her own disposal. Yet, being but human, she had made her slips. It was of one of these slips—the one gigantic act of folly of her life, that senseless love affair of hers with Phillip Tryon—that she was thinking one November afternoon. "I must have been mad," she told herself. Mad indeed to have allowed herself ever to listen to the "Vows of devotion which he was notoriously ready to lay at the feet of any pretty woman; to respond to them; nay, anore, to write those fatally compromising letters, and to a man notoriously destitute alike of mercy or honor where women were concerned. "I was mad!" she repeated. How made, she had never really realised till "that moment ! At the time the episode had not troubled her over much. Colonel Tyron had come and gone, had loved, and had ridden away. She had come to her senses; the affair was dead and buried, and there was an end of it. And now, when after six years of slavery, cut off from all the pleasures of youth— Six years, during which, tied to the chair of a querulous old man, she paid to the full the price of her present liberty—now that she was admired, wealthy, free to consult her own inclinations; now that the one man she would have chosen out of the world had just laid at her feet his name, himself, and his worldly goods; now this ghost of the past must needs rise again to pull down the edifice on which her whole future happiness restfed! Was ever the resuscitation of an old love more inopportune? She was disturbed — oppressed by a vague foreboding of ill—when, arriving art: the Finches' for a week's covert- shooting, she found Colonel Tyron Among the party. She quite agreed with her fiance, Sir James Blunt, when he expressed his annoyance at the presence of such a man. "I may be straitlaced," he said, 'but, personally, I don't think he ought to be allowed inside any decent house, and I'm surprised the Finches should have him here. In a way he is good company, and a good shot, so that people seem to put up with him. As it is, you can't help knowing him, I suppose." "But I do know him already, worse luck!" she confessed—where was the use of concealing what before long must be known?—"he came to Brooksby once." Sir James frowned. "At all events, have as little to do with him as possible," he said. "That I can safely promise," she rejoined "for I like the man as little as you do." Never was woman so sweetly submissive to the will of man. Never was pro- mise more sincerely and quickly given. Would, alas! that it might have been kept with equal promptitude! Mrs Brooke, with the feebly evasive tactics which were all she dared to pursue, was no match for Colonel Tryon with his obvious determination to renew the old relations. "What shall I do?" wondered the unfortunate woman. "He means to get ime to marry him. What shall I do?" Why, refuse him. Let him propose, and have done with it. A gentleman cannot refuse to accept his dismissal at the hands of a lady. That he should attempt coercion! Oh, impossible! Not to be thought of! Yet that was precisely what had happened. Gentleman or not, Colonel Tryon, not three hours ago, had refused to take no for an answer. ''You don't know your own mind" he said, coolly. "You loved me before. You will love me again. I am sure of at. We know one another. We are admirably suited to one another. You will reconsider your decision. I am sure.'" "Never'." she declared. "How can I, When I have already promised to marry another man? It is out of the question. Indeed, you have no right to speak to ;me of marriage at all, and I must be; you not to mention the subject again. "I cannot obey you. My claims, remember, are prior to Sir James Blunt's. I must and will enforce them." "What do you mean?" She was impressed by his determination. "What I say. I will never give you up to another man." "And I will never give up Sir James." "In that case it is he who will give you up, when that old correspondence of ours has been submitted to him, as it snost certainly will be." Choking with rage and terror, she "turned upon him. "You dare to say you will show—my letters?" she gasped. "I have no choice. I am not so poor a lover as to give up the woman I adore Without a single blow. Besides, all is fair in love and war. See! This is Wednesday. Think it over and after tea on Friday I will come to you here for my answer. Be kind. Ella, to yourself and to me. Don't drive me to extremities. All I. swear, shall be well if only you will say yes." "And if I say no?" "Then I shrill have no choice but to place your letters in Sir James' hands. He must decide." 'It will do you no good,," she cried, defiantly. "You may ruin me, but I will never, never marry you." He smiled. "Never is a long time," he said, with the air of confident superiority she found so maddening. "I know you better than you know yourself. I can trust to time to prove to you the worth of my love and constancy, as well as the value of a husband's name and protection. The world, remember, is a censorious one, and a lone Woman lies completely at the mercy of evil tongues." She clinched her little fists in impotent fury. "You liend—coward:" she cried. "Oh, if I were only a man:" "Be reasonable, Ella. I am no fiend, no enemy. Believe me, l am your true and faithful lover." "Then have mercy upon me! Give me the letters, I beg and implore of you, and I wii! be your grateful and devoted friend for life." He smiled. "I do not want your friendship. but I will give you the letters — on our wedding day.'" And then she broke down completely. Threats, abuse, tears, pitiful appeals for mercy—she tried them all. They provoked renewed assurances of his devotion, but no hint of yielding in his purpose. Oh, it was hard—hard to be ruined for an indiscretion ot which, too, she had so heartily repented. To lose all, not only the position and wealth for which her soul craved, but also the man she ioved with all her heart. And she would have made him so true, so tender a wife. Except for the one false step, she had been a good wife to old George Brooke. He certainly thought so. And if she had satisfied the husband for whom she cared so little, how much more would she satisfy the man she adored! And now all was over: For whatever happened, she must lose her layer. Unless "If only one could get hold of those letters!" she said to herself. "After all, why not ? In all probability he had them with him. And men are always carless about their keys. Could she not sett-up after din- - ner. . . Surely an attempt might be made." It was made—with no result but the humiliation of being found out. She could have sworn that no one had seen her enter or leave Colonel Tyron's room, and that she had replaced everything precisely as she found it, yet "Don't try that on again," he said, with a meaning btugh. as lie wished her good-night, "it's dangerous; quite useless, loo. They are here," tapping his breast-pocket, "and here they will remain—till Friday." All through the long watches of a .sleepless night Mrs Brooke turned and tossed in despair. "What shall I do?" she groaned. "What shall I do?" The thought of Suicide at once crossed her mine!, only to be abandoned. She was both too bravo and too cowardly not to fight the fight out to the bitter end. "If J were only a man, I would drag the letters from him by force," she vowed throacii her set teetli. Well, she was not a man, but there were men —Bob Saunders, for instance. He was coming the next day. He might help her. He was the very man to help her. ' Not a. lover • Heaven forbid! Lovers cherish strange ideals and delusions, which it does not do to disturb. Besides, lovers are selfish folk. They don't do i anything for nothing. No! Bob was just the oldest,the best,and most staunch friend she had in the world, neither making any pretence at perfection himself nor expectiug it from his associates; ! with the kindest of hearts, too, through which his sound head might surely be worked upon. More—he detested Colonel Cryon. She remembered with relief now, even in the old days, Bob had warned her against the man. At the time she laughed at the warningthought it jealousy. If only she had listened ! Never mind; Bob would help her now—if not for love of her, then for hatred of her enemy. She hastened to confide in him. Draw ; ing him into the conservatory after dinner. "I've made a terrible goose of myself, do you know?" she sighed. " Been and gone and done for myself entirely." Mr Saunders was a man of few words. "What is it?" he asked. " Man or money?" "Man—Colonel Tryon. He is bent on getting me to marry him. What am I to do?" "Refuse him." _ "I can't, I daren't. Oh, Bob, if you only knew how wretched I am! The fact is I was idiot enough to write him some letters years ago, and now he threatens—imagine what a scoundrel he must be!—'that if I don't throw over Sir James Blulit he will send him the letters. He'll do it, too, the brute!" Mr Saunders did not waste time in invective. "Are they bad?" he merely asked. "Awful! James would never forgive them. I should die. If only I could get hold of them! I have done everything I couid think of. I've raged, begged, prayed, nearly gone on my knees to him. I'm in despair. Oh, Bob, wouldn't you—couldn't you help me?" What could he do? Expostulate, and be told to mind his own business? Use force? The days of duelling are past. Besides, to brawl over a woman would be a strange way of .helping her to keep her reputation. As for threats, they must be empty ones. Any attempt to show up the man must recoil a thousandfold on the woman's head, as no one knew better than Tryon would know. Yet, looking at her miserable face, her eyes laden with tears, her lips piteously quivering, how could he tell her all this? "I'll do what I can," he said; whereupon Mrs Brooke, who possessed the enviable capacity of throwing off her cares by the simple expedient of shifting them to the shoulders of some other person, went happily to bed and to sleep. It was a cruel and unexpected blow to her when the following morning, in answer to her interrogative glances, he shook his head. "Very sorry," he said, "Did my best, and got roundly snubbed, for my pains. He won't give them up." "He won't?" she asked blankly. The women had gone out to watch the shooting, and she was standing with him in a ride alone. "Can't you make him?" "Only by making a scandal, which is the very thing- we want to avoid." "Then can nothing be done?" To his infinite relief she didn't cry. All the baby sottness had left her face, which was set and hard. "Why noi tell Blunt yourself in your own way and chance it?" he suggested, feebly. She took no notice of the words. "I wish I were a man," she said abruptly. -Why?" "I would kill that scoundrel." And then she laughed. "As it is, being a woman, all I can do is to so home and cry. Good-bye. I can't stay here to talk and laugh and make believe. I'll be off. You can tell James I have a headache. No, don't come wiih me. It's not half a, mile, and I'd sooner be alone. Safe? Of course I'm perfectly safv. I'm not going near the guns." No sooner had she gone than lie was sorry for it. Accidents happen so easily. In her desperate frame of mind she would certainly not take precautions against danger. She might even court it. He ought not to have let her go until the drive, at all events, was over. Yet, when a lady tells one she would rather be alone- "Poor little soul!" he reflected. "I shouldn't be sorry if Tryon did get between me and a pheasant, and if by accident my gun did happen to go off." And then, hearing a shot, he decided just to look round the corner and see if she were safe out of covert. He looked. Well ! Odd creatures women, to be sure! There she was, with a man just inside the covert—Tryon, of all men. too •—laughing and talking away with him, showing her pretty dimples, and smiling up into his face with that charmingly eonfiding way of hers. Bob shook his head. "Trying to make a fool of him," he reflected. "That won't do. Tryon's too old a bird to be caught with such chaff." . But here the advent of a fine cock pheasant sailing along effectually diverted his thoughts. And here came another, and another. Bight, left, behind, in front—the air was full of them. And so, in this hottest corner of a wellstocked covert, with a strong wind driving the birds across the tall tops of a belt of firs. Mr Saunders for the next ten minutes had neither time nor inclination to give his mind to anything but the work of slaughter. At last the cannonade grew less and less, dwindling to an occasional stray shot, and here were the beaters. Wei!, like all good things, it was over. No, not quite. A last shot rang out—Tryon. of course! What luck the man h.-id: The birds simply fly into his mouth. Not that Mr Saunders had anything to complain of, as he put his gun at lialf-coek. complacently surveyed a small heap of empty cartridge-eases and a bis? heap oi" birds, and strolled towards his left-hand neighbor. Nor did he complain. He was just expressing the opuilon that, if ihe day went on as it had begun, no on? would have much to find t'auk with, wh'.-n a scream—a woman".- cry for help—startled the pair, and sent them post haste down the ride, round the corner out of the covert. There, just outside, lay Colonel Tryon on the ground, with a frightful wound in head, from which the blood was pouring in streams. Mrs Brooke, by his side—her dress and hands all bedabbled with blood, her face white and rigid—rushed at them. "He shot himself:" she vhisp-nvd hoarsely, pointing to th-> pr". u iratf man " He did it himself." And I hen fhe burst into ft, wild l'it of laughter, which ended in a dead faini. did it himself ? Of course — who t'l.-te conk] 3i:iVc- done it-' The loader had gone in search of a badly wounded bird, and Mrs Brooke had started homewards. Hearing- her name. ph<? turned. Colonel Tryon was hurrying after lie", when he slipped and fell at her feet. Quite so. There was the projecting root of the tree over which he must have tripped, discharging his gun. the contents of which lodged in the right ear and caused instant death. A most deplorable accident. No one ever thought otherwise, except Mr Saunders. Ho might believe—as a matter of fact he did believe—that Mrs Brooke herself, and not blind fate, was responsible for the removal of her enemy from her path. This belief, however, he has c-arefully kept to himself. After ail. it was no business of his. The man was a brute, who richly deserved anything he might get. For the rest—the letters vanished, and there was an end of the matter. All the same, Mr Saunders has never seen his way to accepting of the frequent invitations driven hini by Sir James Blunt. Jle is delighted to hear of the domestic felicity enjoyed by liis old friend, but he does not care to witness it. To tell the truth, he has a distinct aversion to any further communication with Lady Bluni; nor, as he shrewdly suspects, is the sight of him particularly agreeable to her—"The World." 