AN AUSTRALIAN ACTOR1 *?*- ? ? — ? — ? STAGE GHOSTS— OTHERS 'KEAX OR FBAUDS?' SPECTRAL COSTUME— WHITE TABLE CLOTHS OR SHEETS. (By Lancelot B.) HERE Is little doubt *^p that I am about to \m' touch upon a grave sub Mm ject, when I propose to Jl% dilate upon ghosts, spec if tres, and other sepul ^ chral or post-mortem creations; but representa tions on the stage of gruesome apparitions are not always grave — in \ many instances they fla ' vor of the gay, and are \ not- devoid of humor. I bear in vivid recollee tihn.. tlie idnnnrtiiifint nf si well-known and still living and accomplished actor, whose rendering of the ghost in 'Hamlet' struck me at the time as being 'intensely funny; and the funniest part of the personation was that the personator justified himself — or thought that he did — in his rendering thereof. In the days I am speaking of it was a tradi tional rule to envelop the ghost in a. sort of green gauze, with the stage darkened, and this absurd environment suggested to my mind nothing but a mosquito curtain. t may claim to say that when I re presented the princely Dane's defunct sire {who stalked about re-visiting the glimpses of the moon) I would have none of it. My accomplished friend, however, stack to the creed, and enshrouded his portly form (even to his truncheon) in the flimsy material. But while adhering to the old style is the dressing of the part, he adopted a new reading of the long, pon--. derous speeches, for, instead of relating to his awe-stricken son the torments he was condemn ed to undergo till the 'foul crimes done in his days of nature were purged and wiped away,' In the solemn tones so associated with the repre sentation, he spoke in a colloquial, commonplace manner, as though he were saying 'I went to sleep in the garden, my son — I generally did so of an afternoon— and that bad brother of mine poured some poison into my ear, which settled, my business.' 'Why,' argued the actor, 'should not ghosts or apparitions talk as natu rally as when they did in the flesh?' I suggested that some of the experiences of these wandering spectres, male or female, must be of a nature to inspire a serious air and tone, even in a ghost. Ghosts, as a rule, are not in clined to be jocular. They generally have som& murder to bring to the light of day, or a hidden treasure, or something; and stage representa tives of spectres ought to depict them as nearly as possible to the life — or rather death. A pantomime elephant is made, as everyone knows, of two youths, or boys — front and hind legs respectively. I never saw the ghost of an elephant, not even on the stage. I -presume that elephantine ghosts haunt the piles of ivory tusks that are stacked up in Africa, or on In dia's coral strand. But I once received a shock in the shape of the ghost of a white calf, t was only a youngster, and was proceeding by myself in the half moonlight along a lonely English lane. I remembered, as I got to a* particular spot, that gossips told a story of a white calf which took nocturnal exercise, and that disaster and misfortune attended every one who set eyes upon this spectral appearance. Judge, then, ot my horror when T saw ahead of me what I took to be the identical calf. It crossed the road, went, as I thought, right through a five-barred gate. Impelled by a strange fascination. I went on. The moon shone out clear and bright, and my fearsome calf turned out to be two men carry ing a broad white deal board on their shoulders. I remember, on another occasion, the man at the wheel of a full-rigged ship being almost pet rified with terror on a similar moonlight night. We were bowling along gently in the 'trades,' When he saw a ? white form rise from the sea, gaze upon Mm, and disappear, only to Teturn. The man was so startled that he let the ship go 'right off,' and her canvas began shaking, which brought the mate at once to the wheel to demand. of the man what the blank, blank he was up to? The scared mariner pointed ? speechlessly to the apparition; and it became the mate's turn to be taken aback. Sailors are very superstitious, but the mate, after the first shock, sped down into the saloon, and, lo and behold, the ghost was a. long, white tablecloth that was flying out of the port bole in the steward's pantry, rising and falling in weird, fantastic folds, that rose and fell above the bulwarks, forming, to the fertile imagination of the man at the wheel the grim aces and shadowy outlines of some defunct Fly» ing Dutchman's skipper, whose appearance de*. noted shipwreck or calamity of some kind. Those are ghosts that cannot be represented , on the stage. ' No audience would accept a white calf's ghost so displayed, arid they would scoff at a tablecloth, even, though white, behind the foot lights. It would be a very different thing if the ?wnite tablecloth were- draped ;round some prac tical joker, in -the vicinity of an old church yard. White sheets monopolise . the ghost busi ness. They, lend themselves to _the shroudlike aspects of mock spectres; but they won't stop a bullet, which practical jokers occasionally dis cover, and serve them right. Some ghosts: appear . on the stage in all the panoply of modern costume; perhaps they have not been long enough dead to have , befitting suits served out to them. Such an one is the ghost of Andrew Hopley. who appears to his sister. Susan Hopley (in the drama of that name). 1 played Andrew Hopley. and after the murder I asumed the role of his ghost, with the assist ance of plenty' of white prepared chalk. Andrew appears to Susan in a spick-and-span white shirt and breeches, stockings, etc., as she is sitting alone at a table. The spectre sighs, and points sadly to a blood red gash over its heart; this horrid wound is spoken of afterwards by Susan. Not wishing to* spoil. a clean -white garment with red paint, I' adopted the common trick; of fixing to the region of the heart a .piece of jed flannel by means of a pin. This plan is just as effective, and : the gore is easily and quickly affixed or removed. I found that it could be very easily removed, for ? on brushing past a lady supernumerary in the wings, the pin | gave way, and the r-ed flannel fell unnoticed by me to the floor; so that, too late. I discovered that I had to point to imaginary blood. I sup pose it did not matter much, for the audience seemed quite satisfied, though how a man could be stabbed to the heart through a white shirt without drawing blood is open to serious con sideration, i Banquo is another eccentric ghost on the stage, for he used to enter, squat down on a stool and point to a bloody gash in his throat, while all Macbeth's guests were staring at the 'shade,' ; but were not supposed to see it. This was a ! most absurd mode, and I am glad to find that ! more modern representatives of fiTacbeth imagine j they see Banquo's spirit thus rendering its grue- j some presence at the banquet. unnecessary. It stands to reason that it would be just as ab- j surd for the murderous Thane to apostrophise a ; real dagger or a butcher's knife, which,. when he | was about to clutch, evaded his hand by means of I some negative magnetic arrangement. . ; Another ghost of the same stage type as An- j drew Hopley is the slaughtered Corsican who' ap- ! pears to his brother Fabian dei Franchi. That I particular shade comes straight from the duel ; through space. When the Corsican Brothers is ; played by one man — which it is ninety times out of a hundred — it is not an easy matter to obtain a good 'double.' Very many years ago, in Auckland. William Ryan (Arrowsmith), a then old . and accomplished actor of an earlier style, who played with Brooke in Melbourne, took a benefit, and put up 'The Corsiean Brothers.' It was in the aid Prince of Wales's Theatre, which was built over a merchant's store. The store man was a German or a Dutchman, who prided himself upon his perfect English, and he was ? - ? ? . » ? ? ? - , tlio is like is- Hyatt in appearance that «n» would frequently be taken for the other. Peter, the name of the storcmaa in question, was there fore the double for Ryan's Fabien. When the final scene is .reached, the spirit of Louis appears to the aytenging brtoher, and; pointing heaven ward, says, in solemn tones: 'Weep not. for .me, ?flear brother; we shall meet above.' These lines Peter was most anxious to deliver, relying upon his 'perfect English,' but Ryan 'did not see' itr* ' and mildly persuaded his ? double to excise the lines. But the portentous moment came, Peter determined to score, and show that he, too, had some histrionic talent. He pointed heavenward (or towards the 'flies'), a*nd declaimed, in any thing but ghostly style: 'Veep not for me, dear breather; ve sail meet aboaf.' Needless to relate that the audience (at once recognising Peter) laughed immoderately. Ryaa said' that he, too, laughed, although he was sup posed to be weeping over his vendetta act of ven geance; but Peter was supremely gratified at getting rid of the lines, and 'shook hands with himself,' for he accounted for the laughter by v- CAVES IN THE KHYBER. (See letterpress on this page.) the fact of a nail in. the stage having trippefc him as he was on the point of being delivered o£ the ghostly 'tag.' Thus, it may be seen, that many an otherwise excellent performance may; be marred by the unwise, unconsidered delinea tion or picture of a ghost. Hence, perhaps, tha expression — 'Oh, ghost!1' Ghosts have strange and erratic modes of pro gression on the stage. They don't walk there like British ghosts in old castles — no, they move about on black-leaded wooden rails on trucks, oe they rise (at the discretion of the mechanist)' from impossible depths. But when all these appliances are not forthcoming, the stage ghost of the 'Corsican Brother' class must needs work upon his feet, say from one side to the other by a motion that is b«st explained by saying that (behind a 'ground row,' which hides the move ment) the 'ghost' brings his heels and toes al ternately together, not bending his knees, and so* he progresses. It is very easy to do, when in structed .and with a little practice, but it is li^-le to misadventure. Such a stage ghost walk; always puts me in mind of those toy soldiers, pegged . to a sort of .angular frame, which yoa could form into column or a 'thin red line' by; simply shortening or lengthening the frame on: ? which the mock soldiers — like mock ghosts — are pegged. - I might relate more upon ghosts, stage ana otherwise, but the only 'ghost' of any interest in the eyes of an actor nowadays (not counting ambition) should be- that which walks regularly on 'treasury day.' Mark Twain's new book, 'The Surviving Inno cent Abroad,' will be published before £he*epB of the year. A FORT IN THE KHYBEft PASS. . {See letterpress oa ibis page.] ' ' ' ' ? ' ' ' ' ' ??-??' - 