BIDDY McKEEN'S SMILE: - Remember Biddy ? Why, yes, I should rather think I do! She was with us when we were stationed in Liverpool, and had yon comfortable house in Prince's-road. She was one of the nicest servants I had ever had, Besides being a good cook, she kept everything in apple-pie order, and got on so well with the other domestics. Ah, she was a perfect treasure! It was an ill day for me when Biddy smiled. Yes, we took Biddy with us when we were transferred from Cork. She never bothered about nights out or holidays. If she got out once a week to early mass, from which she was always home in time to prepare eight o'clock breakfast, and once to chapel on Sunday, she was content and happy. Jim had got his leave, and was going north for a big shoot at Barnlese, and I had arranged to have painters in to do up the drawing-room during his absence, wnen Biddy asked if she could have a week's holiday to go down to Cork to visit her own people, and attend her eldest brother's wedding at Carrigaline. "Sure, mem, if it was to be after putting ye about at all, it's not for going If would be, but seein' the master is to be away, and thim paintrrs comin' messin' around, so as ye can't have a bit o' decent company to divert your self, thinks I to mdself, 'Sure, Biddy, just ax the missus. If it is not to her mind she can but refuse, for sure.' " I was only too pleased that things fitted in so well, and so Biddy duly de parted for Cork, with permission to remain away for ten days. Therefore imigine my surprise, when, just that day week, Janet, our tall prime Scotch table-maid, opened the morning room door, and said "Please, mem, here's Biddy !" - I was surprised to see the ghost of a smile hover around Janet'slips, a most unusual occurrence, as Janet was not given to mirth. There, sure enough, stood Biddy, be decked in a sky-blue silk gown, a black velvet mantle, beuntifully bespangled with gee- gaws, and, crowning all, a bonnet gorgeous to behold, with rib bons the colour of the rainbow, and a perfect garden of roses of divers hues, while above them wiggled a bird df paradise. For a moment I gazed in astonishment, then said "Well, Biddy, you are what the Scotch call ' unco braw'! I hope that you have enjoyed yourself. We did not expect you before Friday. It was good of you to come back as soon as you could !" "Plase mem, I've not come back," said Biddy, hanging her head on one side, and looking very red and rather guilty. "Not come back I"I cried, laughing. "Why, Biddy, it's a self-evident fact that you have come back." "Yes, mem," says Biddy meekly; " but not to stop; if you plase." ".Why, whatever do you mean, Biddy 1" asked I, utterly at a loss. Biddy looked down at the floor, then up at the ceiling, and then down at the floor once more; twisted a voluminous white handkerchief-much bestarched" -into a large ball as if she were mak ing dumplings, then blurted out the astounding information " Sure, mem, I can't stop wid you, for I have tuck a man 1" " Took a man ! Biddy, do you mean to tell me you have gone and got mar ried ?" "': Yes, if you plase, mum." And Biddy looked prepare to dis solve into tears. " Biddy," I said wrathfully, "I am disappointed in you ! To go and de ceive me in this way I Why did you not honestly tell me you were getting married 4 I could have been looking out for someone to fill your place." "Oh, mem! I never went for to decave ye. No, plase hear me. Sure, I got married unbeknown-like to me self." "Nonsense, Biddy! You should be ashamed of yourself." said I angrily. "By-all the blessed saints it's the truth I am after telling ye, mem. Sure, I never seed Terence O'Malley before I left this house last week, as sure as pigs is pigs! " There was no doubting the girL She was downright in earnest. "Come, then; sit down and explain matters, Biddy." "Yes, mem, and think ye kindly." And Biddy mopped her eyep and the whole of her good-humoured counten ance, and commenced: "Sure, then, I was just after taking my ticket for Cork, and some rough, coarse drover-boys were squeezing me out of their road-bad luck to theirill manners !-when a well-put-on young man afore me, says he, 'Young wo man, here ye are; slip in and be after gettin' yer ticket, and I'll keep they cattle boys off ye.' Sure glad was I to do as he bid; and as I gathered up my change I looks over my shoulder. ' Thank ye kindly,' said I wid a smile. Sure, could 1 do less, I ax ye, mum I" "No-oh, no." " ' Sire, then,' says he, at me back, ' I like your smile.' says he. "So I looks round, and I smiled agin. ?'Ye be going to Corki'said he. " ' For sure,, says I. "'So is meself.' say he. "'Indeed ?' says I. "' Yes, thenon to Carrigaline,' says he. "' Indeed?' says I. i "' To may sister's widdin'. She is gettin' one Mat McKeen.' " 'Never !' says I. "' For sure,' says he. "' why he is my brudder,' says I. "' Never!' sayshe. "' Yes,' says I. "' Shake hands !' says he. " 'Wid pleasure,' says L 'And sure, now, is not that all about it, meo m We was married yesterday.'" " How I pity the poor fellows whose business requires them to be out on a night like this," said the policeman, looking out from the kitclen window. First Ddbutante: "My cheeks are all on fire." Second Djebutante: !'I thought there was a smell of burning paint."; 