Tfwmmmm Bt J. O. B. Some nights -asfo at the Sydney Theosophical Society's headquarters, the secretary of this latest addition to the new beliefs struggling for stand ing room and recognition threw considerable light on the nature and conduct of ghosts, goblins, sylphs, salamanders, gnomes, undines, brownies, elves, fairies,' and other branches of a rather large family. Were the offshoots of this prolific house hold as respectable as they are numerous, Bour bon, Nassau, and Hapaburg would be unfit to hold up their trains or tie the latcbJts of their shoes. Unfortunately, from first to last, from ghost to fairy, there is what a sporting person would call ' kronk ' in their dealings with one another and with mankind. The truth is not in them. They lie and steal and chouse and mock with the repulsive lightheartedness of a Ifrench patriot under the Convention. The lecturer, for all his ingenuity, was merely working a moribund horse. He was describing creatures common enough in countries where donkeys carry crosses and the sun dances on Easter morning, but' en tirely unknown in matter-of-fact Australia. None of the breed ever crossed the Line. The Equi noctial is as fatal to them as fresh air to a Zulu or pantaloons to a Highlander. Perhaps the world was none the worse when f aiiies footed it in northern dells and goblins came tumbling down chimneys with wee, podgy stomachs in front and a few tons of eoot behind. But in their old homes . their day is done, and even if the Equator didn't block them they'd never make good colonists. Gunpowder, steam, and electricity have squelched the spook. * * ?-* * * The duties of a colonial Premier, like those of the late Pooh Bah under the old Japanese regime, are manifold. In the House he has to keep awake or, at least, with not more than one foot over the threshold of somnolency, while his ene mies during an all-night sitting are dancing on his reputation and evincing unmistakable signs of a desire to dance upon himself. He must take his rest where he finds it, as Shakespeare and Mo liere took their plots. % Then his department has to be constantly kept on the move, like the soul of the late Mr. J. Brown ; deputations have to be received, hearkened to, placated, or turned out ac cording to the exigencies of the moment and the number of hard heads to be reckoned with. Social duties, too, cannot be ignored, so that a gaiden party, a banquet, or a ball without him is but the '?' School for Scandal 'with Sir Peter over gruel at home, while his wife and Mi Surface are mak ing things flamboyant abroad. Premiers and policemen are the two great classes that deserve the fullest public sympathy and rarely get it. And now a fresh fardel has been placed on the long suffering Chief's knapsack of miseries. * * * * The-new duty — a heavy one in spite of the beverage's lightness— consists in opening lager bier breweries. Mr. Reid opened the first in New South Wales with an abandon which gave no sign of the black care he'd left behind /him in Mac quarie-Btreet, only to be again sombrely embraced by it a few hours subsequently. He confessed to knowing a little about brewing when he entered the new establishment, but nothing when he left, which goes to show that sometimes the most lucid explanations not only add nothing to the learner's knowledge, but deprive him of what he had. However, blowing bubbles is far less onerous than brewing beer, but 10 times more attractive. With pure beer and a Premier's benison there is no rea son why Sydney stomachs should not soon be full and Sydney stations empty. Still, a note of warning comes to us across a hemisphere. - The Austrians- drink nothing but the lightest lager. Even on such attenuated tipple they 'wrecked a Chamber and disfigured a Speaker, without count ing the amount of warm clothing reduced to pulp it is not pleasant to think of what the result might have been had colonial ale been the com mon drink. Hungary would certainly be in arms, the Tyrol up, and Bohemia defiant. So it comeB that, in spite of Mr. Reid's bonhomie and the ap parently cheering quality of the new beverage, Sydney folk had best imbibe warily till the true natm*e of the brew shows itself j in acts of kind ness or in a desire to emulate the subjects of Francis Joseph. * . * * * The 'Army and Navy Gazette ' having warned the Australias not to accept the offer of single .vloading rifles made by the British authorities, but to insist on the real article, the magazine musket, many of our journals demand that, so far as armament is concerned, the local forces should be second to none. This is fair on the facs of it. But a one- sided subject is unknown outside the domain of pure mathematics. And this small arm question has certainly two sides, probably more. It is the British regulars only that in the United Kingdom have the magazine rifle. The militia and volunteers have to put up with the ?second best weapon. It is not a question of ex pense — Bull is rich and by no means stingy when Ms not over- alert intelligence fairly grips the situation. It is a question of care. The new fire lock is effective, but delicate. It requires the constant attention demanded by a baby in arms. This it obtains in the regular services by sea and land. With commissioned, warrant, nohcommis »-«ioned, and petty, officers to keep jack and Tommy in a, chronic state of line- toeing, it is small wonder that the latest thing in rifles is always at its best. But the Imperial experta know full well and act upon the knowledge that such care could not be enforced upon the loosely-organised auxiliaries in peace time. It is a very pretty question as it stands, and the solution is by no means so easy as some pushing people imagine. * ♦ * * What particularly puzzled Solomon was the way of an eagle in the air. He worked out every conundrum put to him by tousled wizards passing through Jerusalem or sent him by distant monarchs. But how a bird could sail before the wind or against it or move off sideways without flapping its wings was beyond him. Had he seen an albatrosB in a half gale, the consequences would have been serious. Next to the albatross, the sight of a Sydney suburban waterinsr-cart on a the situation, ana make i up his mind whether it was worth while remaining in a world so full of riddles. Justice Has never been done the pecu liarities of these remarkable vehicles, the subtle humour of the drivers, and the mad waggery of the municipal authorities. Men with umbrellas, mackintoshes, and eccentric boots come from far and near to observe 'and applaud the foresight that seats a man on a shaft with orders tolay the dust when the gutters are roaring and the horse wading. Councillors, spectators, drivers, and horses all seem to participate in the general fete. Some of the aldermen explained matters last week. They said that as the employees were there for the day they might as well do something. That would never strike the bald man at the lamp- post ; but what's the use of being a suburban councillor if you can't strike out fresh lines of thought and follow 'em up ? Yes ; if Solomon paid a short visit to the suburbs recently his great desire would be to remain longer so's to learn more. ? * * * In a request but one remove from a menacing demand, Mr. Wheeler from his place in the Assembly desired to know whether it was intended to repair the Cooranbong post-office. It was use less for the Government to throw off red and malodorous herrings in order to divert attention ' from this national work. Such means had been employed in the past for the purpose of escaping from tight places. But members had outgrown their representative babyhood, cut their political teeth, and would no longer be led or driven as in the days when the constitutional system was in swaddling-clothes. It was for the P.M.-General to reply. His bald response had no suspicion of rhetoric, nor was the latter required. Swift could write about a broomstick and Sterne wax maudlin over a dead ass ; but the Cooranbong P.O. would have dried the former's ink and the latter's tears. Briefly, as the Minister explained, the building was decades if not centuries in advance of the requirements. Cooranbong had deceived the country, the neighbours, and itself by moving methodically backwards when its obvious course was forwards. Everything had been tried to arrest this singular sidling towards oblivion. Races, bazaars, concerts, calico balls, Afghan hawkers, the Sydney journals, and a bicycle were intro duced to give the people a fresh start —make them, so to say, take an interest in life. Then a combination came along with a steam merrygo round, a Punch-and-Judy, and a funambulist. When all these failed, the case was naturally con sidered hopeless. It would have been cruel mockery to try the legitimate drama or readings fromv Browning where talent like the foregoing Btarved. The repairs to the P.O. would cost £100, and the amount of correspondence didn't warrant such an outlay. The Minister had no intention of returning to the hollow log method. It would be' too great a step backwards in civilisation. But some cheap plan would have to be adopted. Then the present building could be either sold or pulled down. Thus we see that even in an incorruptible democracy there can be waste. 