AN ADVENTURE .OF THREE ENGLISHMEN. Two ragged, sun.-sorohed white men lay in camp beside a wide river in the heart of the savage wilderness of forost and swamp which surrounds the lower woters of the Niger. enjoying a brief noonday rest, It was fercely hot, and the yellow river rolled sluggishly before them, flsehing and shim mering in the sun glare,, until the misty forest olesed about it; while upon -the further bank a fringe of feathery oil-palms bent down their raw-green fronds towards the muddy water. Presently, Jack Crosaton shook himself out of his lair among the whitened grass, and observed gravely, ,' As the niggers say, this land was made.for the black men;.and I . a European hansio bluiness in it.. Once we i elear the rubber off that knoll I'1 get out o Afrloa--it's a ghastly country." The other Englishman, Charlie L~, whoq as:.W, .if -possible, more ragged and: dusty than his comnpanion,. lighed silently, and angwered ,!Always the eamOeml nlaivneuese . ou needn'6 ibies the dountyi 'Thero' .a Shundied .po~uds' wothl ?f? nkher in' the * two canoes, and s thousnid:po?dsa' worth more repdy'gathered on the knol.;:: I hope i ". Jim can keep the. nig?ers off nntil we.bring. np more men. and cases:fron .WarrI.n ;' Orosston's face gre'w thoughtfnl, :s he : . eplied, "I didn't like to leave him, but one i of us could pever have gotthrcugh alone. He hm a dozen good fighting men, too, and .they eoa only get at him on one sideo It's sickness I' zi afraid of. Strange, isn't it, .that wherevor rubber thrives white 'man die," ? Then there w?? s lleso for a time, ?id the traders tried to shelter themoelves from the burning sun rays beneath the tall green . tussaoks' while their naked,blaick followers lay'basking on the, river bank, soaking in the heat like solsmendois. Lator, a dsrk S..athlkappeered In tho centre of.the stream, standing .Out clearly against the flnshing water as it drifted nearer and nearer, and Croaston acid creloassly; "An allfgatpr, or a rotten obttonwood log ; the riVer'e.iising ;? ltast." Lee shaded his eyes with his hards. He had-a way of noticing smell thlige. Then he said, sharply, "No, it's a canoe with a man in it, and he has clothes on, too." Croeston sprang to his feet, tnd a babel of voloes rose from the bank, while the canoe, with what seemed to be n bundle of blue rage lying in the etern, olid down the muddy current, until It was abreast of the camp, and then swung round and round In an oily eddy; and all the time the Ilmip fin.edl a mndennloea "Take the canoe, and bring that thing ashore," said Crosoton; and a few minutes later the craft and its unoonsciouslfielght grounded among the reeds.. . '' Uniform of Frenoh Senegalio,-bocn dead some days; smallpox -it' la; stead clear," eald Lee, bending o'ver the body. The negrses fled for their Ilves, andboe white maneshuddered a. little, for ho had once seen a whole native tribe cleaned out by the pestilence. Then he added slowly, "Mo aet be one of the Frenoh gunboat's man. Flam boyant, waen't it? She went up the river two months ago." "Hallo, here's a letter on him," and, un folding the moist paper, the trader puzzled ever the sprawling shaky writing aorocs it. "Any white man secoura me bring, or I die, quickly and alone. Launoh 'Temer aire' aground near points des palmiers. A mol-le bon Dien l" read Lee; then he added, "The rest is illegible; what do youen make of it all?" ".Very simple," said Crosston. "Gun. boat's launch came to grief, black crew de sorted, and one white officer left, half dead of fever,. r small-pox, We must get him ost." "Yes, I suppose so," answered Lee, "though it means leaving Jim a week longer in the swamps, but we aorn't let the poor wretch die, worthless calm oil ruffians iheugh we be. T?he Government men don't menopolise all the virtues of humanity and education," Croston grInned. "I was teauht a few thlngs myself at Cambridge," he said. "We i .? ust do our beet, but confound that French. Half an hour later, they drove the canooe up the yellow stream, the white men bend ing over the paddles among the Kroo boys, in spite of the sweltering heat; while the Senegali. messenger slept beneath the palms, with his face turned towards the east,. like the faithful MIacsulman he was,. Towards sunset, on the second evening, they swung the dripping blades very faintly and wearily, and even the indefatigable Kroo boys do. clared they could hold out no longer. "Keep it up ! Half en hour more and an extra piece of cloth all round-lf ever, we get back," said Crosston,and the worn.oht negroes groaned as they dipped .the paiddles, and the white men gared eagerly over the bewe. The sun was sinking fant towards the cotton-woods, the western heavens blazed with orange and saffron, and a luridorimson light flashed along the oily watr until it resembled a-river of blood. There was not an air etirring, and heavy wreatho of vapour ascended from the reeking swamps, like the steam of a great cauldron, shrouding the tall stems of the palms which crowned eoch knoll until their tufted creats rlone were visible, like islands in a sea of vapour. "Dark in hour, frogs beginning alroedy," said Orosston. "Those are evidently the tall palm." Where can the launch be? Perhaps the niggers have found her out,rand speared the Frenchman. Paddle stronger there, you Kroo boys, or you catch no gin to-night" Presently Lee said, oalmly, "There she is," and pointed to a dark object, looming out indistinctly through the gathering mlet, The Kroo boys raised a yell, the paddles splashed faster and faster, whk'ling up a cataract of foam, and later the two canoes shot, grinding alongslde a big steam launch, lying over, nearly on her beam cnds, hard and-fast on the edge of a bubbling mud bank. The white men awung themselves on board, as the Kroo boys made fast the canoes; but there wes neither aoond.nor sign of life on the launoh's deok--nothing \- but ruty Iron, tattered awnings, sun-blse tered paint, and silence, while the darkness deepened aoroes river and forest. " Hurry there," said' Crosaton, "get below, end find a lamp before this placei spells our nerves, The Kroo boys will bolt in a minute for fear ite haunted;" a'id the two men descended the tiny compimlon, "Thbe~k goodness here's a lamlp,'" aid Crositon as he entered, and etraok a matoh, A smoky yellow glow filled t?e little cabin, nfaling upon the hollow face and wasted form of a European, who lay on a onehloned looker, with legions of beetlps criv'ling over. him. "The traders .etarti?d at the eight. Then Croaston, kneeling down, gently raiaea the sEferer's hend, and hold a flesk JAhb, -gasped the fover-"trioken French. man, "you aro. kind, grace a -," then hin eyelids closed . "Hold up," said the trader, "don't faint I- Down with It again," and the aelok inan choked for breith h thoe second dose of splrltwas poured down his throa~t *Prensntli hle rained himself On one elbow, and with the?? Englishman'e strong aim about his houlderes, stammered,-" I am sons Lieuten ant1'escnnt, and the latineh- i of gunboit . Flamboyant, She tinok here ¢hlee:weoke, and the Senegall he run ianay.or die-how youn call it --smallpox ,ieni the bott dowen the river for aid, and five men stay., Tohey die too but one, and he go in osanod? ?ere Lee whsletled Eoftly, and Crooston brbke in, "Don't Eit gaping there-excuse me, Lien tenant," and he-obroke in"the head of 'a provisionc : -. . What'n this - saup: Make sools quiokly," he said;" thoro's?a galley lpyond the bulkhead. Look around for wino, the Frenchmen always carry that. Hallo, he's going off, hurry with those things," and kneeling down again, he loosed the nick nian's tunio and chafed his hando. By the time the seteaipg soup' wa brought, the lionutenant came round, and dosing it liberally. with generous" wine, Crosaton fed him with a spoon until he gasped, " Jo vnes remerole, you are ver' kind. All Englishmen are not-the. oar pony Royale du-Niger, they refMse m'drugs when Senegall all sick." . " COrocton sprang to bsl feet. "May the company be condemned and all its works," he es'd. " If they had their way, there'd. be no one else in the creeks: ;but Joe Flint doesn't.ovn allthe Niger yet, thank' good .. Then he abused the Chartered Company, fluently'and forcibly for five. minutes-and .he never repeated an adjeotivo either... '* Ab, ho is drolf'o' moSiafer, bnt:f do not understand," asid the Frenchman. with the ghost of a smile in his oyes; and Lee answered, "Yes, 'B's: a blqne sweirer, even for Afrioa, and tbe Company does'its best to crowd .usa out." Then he.added gently,:." Soyez tr bquil, moneiour, we'll takeo ore of yo- SBleep now,"-and laying the feeble.form gently down; he bathed'the hot forehead with vinegar, and the leuten ant's eye.olo?eod. ."Jack," said Lee, has it ever struck you that virtue Is its own reward " . . ' No," was the answer. " It's generally the otherway about, ..There's no room for virtue in Afrlo." .. "'Always dense," said Lee. "Hero wo irve a launch fit to steam ten knots, two nachine guns, and coal, WhaVP to pro. vent us going right through the oreeks now, t ard bringing ont Jimad-the rubber, in the t eoo of all the savages on the Niger?' . t Oroastor smote hikIh.- . . SWe'll do, it;, ,said. " The river's rising fast, and we 0an. heave her off to morrow, but ;you'll ave to work as. you never did in youi life," and he added, ohuokling, "A:little rough on the Fronoh navy, Isn't it" ' : 7 " :' . . *The the'eilence of AfMlo settled down. The .Kroo Iapn werqrofast' aleep: in the csnoei, Le 'lay *i 0p; liBiliar upeni the oppboiteloce i',; ic3b satont tbh' fiipal avse, In; spito of the .atigue h had ?: ndei. gone, and the labour tha lay before hiiton; the morrow, kept watoh by the Frepchb man's lide, moistening the blaokened lip from tim t time, SBefore the san rgao acros the Op0i7,ls. trail of d(ngyBmooetreamined alft ifrpi t;ie .lauuh's fanie16if e]vry trader-on the Niger knoWeshi w to rkdna. launch,; and, amid mubh shoutlg, ropep were taksn ent, and:mado fast to'tRo,trees on the oppolte. bMnkr. The little winoh panted and ham. mored under every pound pf.cteam; tho Krooboys hisled and yelled; the propeller whirled up the fom ; and, at -lat,; with . snubMig.bone*th her keel;the vesselslid out ef the mud end was oPoo more bfloat. Lee camo up from the eoginb oaoklit-T 'idi reputable, ragged object,- smeared' with ruat, coal dusn, ad grease; but there was triumph in hil eyes, and he turned towards Crooaton,:who tta breathless with bawling. at the Kro boya, aud said- . '. "When y6iu'VQqnitoucBd.:up yonrfro fanitvz ehonK n ' I1 nlll i .. . - and looekafter .the FrenEcmain. AB he- did so, his companion took the wheel, and the launch churned her way up a side creek. Three days passed, and then they steamed up a winding river teaoh, just as the vapours were melting before the rising ana. A ragged shirt, fiapplng from the bough of a dead cottonwood, caught Crosston's eye, nnd thodgh he was half dead from want of Sleep he broke onf.into a wild "Harrah." Then a rattle of flint-look gans broke the stillness, and wreathes of blu vapour rone 6bove' the low-lying mist;; and, gRzing anxiously abheo, the white men saw caieoa after v.ano stealing through the thiliing vapour. " "Gt hold of the wheel.: Ivb never'nied a maohine gun beford, but I'm going to try it now," aid Oroston;' ansd, tnning for. ward, he knelt behind the shield in theb bowe.- -Ashe. di so, Lsa said,- "iJst tiu time, there's Jii'a rifle, theWik heivenih '~ind the sharp, ringing orash of a heavy express echeed twice noroea the forest. The trador 1 swung the long, brown barrel on its pivot, I then worked the lover with might and main. The bows of the launch were velled inemoko, ont of whioh came a snocession of grinding reports, and a shower of steel-tipped projee. ticlea hurtled through the cotton woode, end struck up spouts of slime amid tlieawamps ; while a swarm of canoes shot nrt frnm beneath the overhanging bkahes, and-with the paddles whirling madly flew away up the river. "Don't think I hit anything, but I fligh. toned them anyway," said Croanton, as the " chunk chunk "of paddlee grew fainter and fainter. " Jut aeiwell, for the Protectorate might have mnade trouble, and I don't knew how to work the cartridge band ln~cae they come back," and -with a eoream:.from her whistle the launch went ahead. A few minutes later, her bows touchedi the bank, and a haggard Earopeanswalked wearily on board, and after a hand grip all round, said qaietly, " I'm glad you've come. A lot of bushmen have been hanging round for a week, and kept me on watch night and day; I ,thought they were -going to rosh me at last; but where did you get the launoh t" Croost~on told the story, and the new. comer chuckled as he litened. "You're a wonderful man, Lee," he said. "If they planted you naked in the bush you'd turn up in three months, clad in purple and gold, and leading an army. It's too goad a joke-three palm il ruffians annexlng a part of the Fr~hna.avy. Give me something to eat, then we'll get the rubber on board; and -clear before our friends come bhok,"' Jack Crosston went down to rei-a·ure the Frenchman, but he was raving In malatla delirium, and understood nothing of allthat had happened, All that day the whiteinen and Kroo boys worked with deiperate energy, in. spite of fatigue and burning hect. Calabash after calabash, andcoll-ifter coil, of viscous, green tubber, was stowed away, and at sunset.the-launoh was. teCiming at half-speed down the wlndlng creek, her deck crowded with black hands, while a grizzled Kroo boy hold the wheel. The three traders lay about on -the cabin floorings, utterly worn out,. though, when the siok Lieutenant opened his eyes, and Bat feebly up, Croegton Making desperate efforts to keep awake, 'fed him with the food alredy .prepared. Lifting a gla?s of wine to his lips with a tremblinghand, he said, feebly, ."My frient, I am better new, and the madness -is gone, grace a votre bountro but what is this--this ensmell deeufr ? " Odour of hades," translated Jim, and he smiled, for if there is anvthinr more naeueoailg Oan the letld .smell of raw African rubber it must be very hard to find, and Croantoneomewhat sheeplshly proceeded to explain niatters. . When he grasped the situation, the sloi man's dim eyes sparkled, and he?id, " You are a wonderful people, you Anglals-and this man hold the creek alone; but we French fight for la glorie-wit you It isl always the trade. 'nb have been ver'kind to me; the latinch it does not matter, but the kindness, Jse." . " Yea, ye, that's all right; le down and sleep, You're coming round in style, and we'ro off:for the coest now," said Crosrton.' Then he turned-to his companionsr , . ".The old way of waiting until thdeniggers bring-you bad rubber la played out ;-.tb new ia to lootF for it one's self. We'll bat the Accra-produet yet. But the first thing we do is to got Major Everard to, certlfy that the wanmp Is in Proteotorato'deonisns, or the'great Company will take.it from do. And now I'm done up.; Good.nightk all." Very soon.the ellenoe of the. troplo night nr.a only broken by the throbblng of the engines, arid the gurgling wash. of the pro poller, as' the launch steamed along. " Greaut was the aEtonishmdnt if the whlie ^Pni»lnln rVn~ fjina.n *PrnfnnFt.C1l. ' L., omociicu o0x an ilgau. ruWevoorro,. wnen a Sweek later, tho lBunch ,stoaited up tho SWarri river, and the rubber' gtherers i moirod ,ir Iloigstao'tis ao oinPute. : SThe British Government ofoficr in charge heard tho c'ory, and burat .ito a fi ,o ' laughter. ' . " Gre? t i ttho power of effrontery,"be SEaid,, c"int I'think' oil'd better not :use , thati lunch. any maore, .imight nmake r trouble,- Y-ea, theBa awarnps are in the s Pietectordte, and rcan give yonplipasre to work them. It's X11ell yoalicame to;m at once, or the great:Sparkstrue would have wriggled them into the Compsn?'7 grip somehow." The rubber was olnded and shipped to E-ngland, where it brOught exoelleit.prices, and,. with'~ithe kindnesa aid. courte? por whiclh all the Niger Coast Protectorate officials-- save, one~are famed,! thue sick Frenchman was received end caredfor at the Consulate, where the launch lay until the guniboat "Flamboyant" came -dowc the Kvwarra, and sent a orewfrom Fordados, for her. By the time, this happeied; the 'three adventurers werae back again in the wild bush with a stronger expedition; Whether the grateful Frenchman told all the story is doubtful, but to their intense surprise, when the three came ddwn out of the forest, many months' afterwards, they found a parcel and letter waiting them at Warri,. The letter contained the thanks of the French Government for their courageous and hiumane rescue of a navy omour, uan tUw JuJtuMi 1" u s ruv . with inscriptions upon them. " Well," said Lee, "I never expected this. I wonder what they'd have given us if we'd borrowed the big gunboat too, and filled her fall of palm oil. We'll go and look Loecant up some day: at Toulon, for we'll be rich men yet.it that swamp holds out a bit." Europeans die oR very'f?-st fn West Africa, 'and'the entire white :poulation 'is changed every three or four years, but a good story lives, and there is* onethat will long be told-and that is how three 'palm oil ruilfans borrowed a vesseI of the-Freabh navy to bring down their evil- smellibg rubbet through the Niger creeks, It was told the writer in a Brltish Consulate. 