[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] THE GRINDING MILLS OF GOD, By RITA. Author of "Peg the Rake," Kitty the Rag," "A Woman In It," "A Husband of No Importance,'' "Joan and Mrs. Carr," "Sheba," &c.;, &c.; [COPYRIGHT.] (SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. CHAPTERS I. and II.—The story opens in a London hospital, where Nellie Nugent, a young Irish girl, is entering upon her novi- tiate as a hospital nurse. Her first patient is a young man suffering from enteric fever, whom Nellie under the superintendence of Nurse Gray, an enthusiast in her profession, who has taken a strong liking to the girl, nurses to recovery. He is a gentleman by education, a journalist by profession, but unsuccessful in life, homeless, and friendless. Nellie is very anxious as to what will become of Dick Barrymore, when he leaves the hospital, but Nurse Gray tells her that troubling herself about the future of dis- charged patients is a habit she must at once get rid of. CHAPTER III.—(Continued.) THE stranger spoke with a slight American accent. His man- ners were somewhat brusque, but Nell liked his face, and his eyes were kind, she thought. 'Oh, of course, of course, under the circumstances,' said the doctor; 'and as the patient has really recovered, we may say. Step into my room, and I will send for your nephew. Nurse, perhaps you'll tell him as you are going up the ward.' 'Shall I mention your name?' asked Nell, turning towards the stranger. 'Yes, there's no objection. He has probably forgotten me. I've not seen him since he was quite a lad. Here's my card,' he added, handing her one, and taking in with keen eyes the grace of the little figure—the beauty of the small delicately coloured face. 'What a child to be a nurse. Looks like a bit of Dresden china,' he said somewhat gruffly, as the two nurses went up the broad staircase. 'She looks young, but she is older than her looks; a clever little thing, too,' said the doctor approvingly. 'She's one of the new-fangled lady nurses, I suppose,' said Geoffrey Masterman. 'I hear there's quite a crank about it. Girls all crazy to be one because the dress is picturesque, and they look like Madonnas. Stuff and nonsense! What are their mothers about, I wonder.' 'The mothers of the present day,' said the doctor, 'have little influence with their children. They are all too enlightened to heed warnings or believe in an older experience.' 'I wonder what this precious nephew of mine has made of his life,' observed Geoffrey Masterman. 'He was always a bit cocksure as a boy, I remember. His mother, poor soul, spoilt him a bit. She thought there had never been a boy so gifted and intelligent, and so morally perfect. It is those wonderful boys who always go to the wall.' He put his hands in his pockets and strolled up and down the room, waiting for the appearance of the 'wonderful boy,' who had achieved manhood in those years of absence and fortune seek- ing. When the door opened, and Dick entered, he stopped and stared as if he had seen a ghost. 'Good heavens, boy! How you've changed,' he exclaimed. 'And how like you are to your poor mother.' He took the thin, emaciated hands in his own, and wrung them with a force of affection that made his nephew wince. His eyes took in the sharp outlines of the features, the worn, thin frame on which the shabby clothes hung loosely. A queer, choking sensation rose in his throat. He thought of the dead mother, who had so loved and believed in her son. Perhaps death had been kinder in closing those adoring eyes to a change so heart-breaking. 'I'm very glad to see you, Uncle Geoffrey,' said Dick, presently. 'I know I look an awful scarecrow. Please don't look so distressed; I've been very ill, you know.' 'So I hear,' said Geoffrey Masterman, clearing his throat, and beginning his restless walk once more. The doctor went out of the room and left the two men together. CHAPTER IV. It was an awkward moment for both. Geoffrey Masterman's conscience re- buked him for years of neglect and silence, while this, his only near rela- tive, had been fighting the battle of life. He had promised his sister to look after her boy. He had broken that promise. He had been far too much engrossed in amassing fortune—far too eager in the pursuit of solid investments and profitable speculations, to think of the youth, struggling single-handed with the giants of poverty and despair. A wave of remorse swept over him. He was the possessor of millions of dollars. He had silver mines and oil wells, and railway shares, and western mortgages, and this man, his next- of- kin, had been brought penniless and dying to a public hospital. He paused opposite Dick. He gave a swift, shamed glance at the pale, thin face. 'Dick, my boy,'' he said abruptly, 'I'm afraid you've had a tough fight for it. I wish I had known. Why didn't you write to me?' 'I didn't know where you were. America is rather a vague address, you know.' 'True, boy, true. It was my fault. I have been forgetful. But you were at college. I thought you had a grand career before you. What has happened? Come, sit down and tell me.' And briefly, and with no undue dwell- ing on the miseries and hardships he had endured, Dick Barrymore related the same story that he had poured out in a moment of weakness to his pretty nurse. His very reticence about his own sufferings and his own feelings touched the older man as no complaint would have done. The springs of life had run down very low. The tired face, the tired voice, the spiritless patience, these were the things with which young manhood should have naught to do. They were things Geoffrey Masterman had never known, and in some now vague way they hurt him. He sat by the table, one restless hand turning the leaves of a medical book, the other shading his face. When he spoke at last his voice was strangely quiet. 'It has been hard for you—terribly hard. But that's all over now. I've come back in the nick of time, it seems to me. You're leaving here, they said. What—had you any plans? ' 'Yes.' The white face brightened, a softer light came into the brown, sunken eyes. ' have found a friend here who has been very good to me. It is through her influence I have secured employment again.' 'Here? A woman then?' 'Yes—the woman who has nursed me back to life.' 'What!' and Geoffrey Masterman sprang up excitedly. 'That little dolly- faced creature I saw. Do you mean to say you call her a friend. That you would let her help you!' 'Why not?' asked Dick, simply. 'It is a case of "needs must." Through her I have got a post on an Irish news- paper, and I am to start to-morrow for Dublin. You have no idea how kind she has been—all she has done for me.' His voice broke. He was still so weak that any emotion mastered his ordinary self-control. 'I can never he grateful enough,' he went on presently. 'But for her I should have died. To her I owe not only life, but the chance to make something of it still.' 'Humph!' said his uncle, gruffly. 'So that's it, eh? Those pretty nurses are the devil for getting round men in their weak moments. Catch me ever having one. Well, well, my boy, this was all right and square as long as you were ill and friendless, as you say. But that's all altered now. I'll make the pretty nurse a handsome present to buy herself a gown, or some woman's fal- lals with, and you and I——' 'My dear uncle!' gasped Dick. 'For goodness sake don't insult this girl by offering her money ! She's a lady as— as my mother was. She has only taken up nursing out of tender-hearted sym- pathy with the poor sufferers who are brought to these hospitals. She is going to devote her life to their service. It is very noble of her, and very self- denying.' 'Yes,' said Geoffrey Masterman, dryly, 'it is. How old is she, this noble young martyr? About seventeen, I should say, from her looks.' 'Oh, she is much older than that,' said Dick, 'and quite a woman in her ways—her thoughtfulness and delicacy and sympathy.' Geoffrey Masterman looked at him with grim amusement. 'It strikes me,' he said, 'that you are leaving one disease behind you here, and taking away another. Heart com- plaint, I fancy, brought on by sympathy, and studying a woman's worth in the performance of hospital duty. It won't do, my boy. It won't do. You must come away with me. We'll go to Switzerland, Italy, Russia, any where you please, and you'll pick up your health, and I'll look after you for the future. I've no son, Dick, and I shall never marry now. All I have shall be yours, my boy, and I'll put everything ship-shape at once. You can find plenty of work as my secretary, if you must work, and you can write your books, or whatever it is you do write, unhampered by the rapacity of publishers, or the ignorance or bad taste of the public at large. Come, cheer up. Don't pull a long face like that. Your troubles are over, and you shall live life as a young man ought to live it. But no philandering, mind! no hankering after pretty nurses, or nonsense of that sort. You shall travel, you shall enjoy the good things of this world, you shall get your grip on mankind in general, and make them smart for past insolence. You can do it, I know. I read power in your face, sarcasm on your lip. I like you, Dick, and I shall be proud of you, I know. I'm not sorry that you've had this tussle with Fate, that you've learnt the meaning of hardship. One takes these things better young, believe me.' He stopped at last, and Dick looked up at his excited face. 'You are very good,' he said, draw- ing a deep breath, 'very good. I can't refuse your generous offer. But I am fond of my independence, uncle, and I can't live a life of idleness.' Geoffrey Masterman laughed. 'I'm not asking you to do that. I'll find you work enough, never fear.' 'But what about this appointment,' continued Dick. 'I have accepted it, and they expect me to-morrow. I hardly like to put them off. Besides, Miss Nugent took so much trouble—— 'Good little soul!' said Geoffrey Masterman, with an approving nod. 'Well, you must write and say your circumstances have altered, and you are unable to accept the appointment. Why, you only look fit for nursing and coddling still. Well, it's my turn to look after you. You'll just come straight away with me, and see if I don't make a different man of you before another month's out. Is there,' —and his hand went to is pocket in a fashion that was the outcome of an overflowing purse and a consciousness of many possessions—'Is there anything to pay before you leave?' Dick coloured hotly. 'No, of course not,' he said. 'Hos- pitals like these are free. But you can give a donation to the building if you like. I should suggest a cheque, or a yearly subscription, if you prefer it.' 'Very well. I'll write out a cheque, and you go and get your traps together, Dick, and we'll say goodbye to this place for ever I hope.' 'I've no traps, except what you see me in,' said Dick. 'I was brought here without my own knowledge. I expect that the few things I left behind have been sold to pay the rent of my room. But I'll go upstairs and say goodbye to the nurses, and then I'm quite ready to come with you, uncle. By the way, I've no hat.' 'What's to be done? Couldn't you borrow one from the students or one of the doctors?' [TO BE CONTINUED.] 