THOM3AS JARVIS INT?ER VIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, ou- repre sentative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo; He was discovored nursing a two year-old baby, and his 4 face declared him to ba one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up I and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bear- t ing the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to con valescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: " You want to know all about my case i Well, I am glad of an op portunity to tell you. The facts may be of ralue to those who are stricken as I was." "- How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I get so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since. About fire years ago, next Christmas, I met with I .;u accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing I health, and ,ifter four years of gradual development of the malady, I was foreed to give up mry billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms P" " Simply indeecribable. The pains I were something tertible. They were about as much as I could bear. Tuey were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no c:ntrol over my bowels or Ialdllter, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I war incessantly shivering and shaking, and co-l4 nt-i her eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known t doctor and lie told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Direc:or of Chantable ( Institutions." `' Did you make use of the order ?" 1 "No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever c since. Five weeks ago I could not t ivalk across the floor ; in fact, I could a not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up I the ghost. My doctor was attending a me and did all he could, by opium and t morphia pills, to ease the agony I was t in. I was under him for fire or six wreeks. He came to the conclusion t th:.t I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal, cord, charac reriz-d by peculiar disturbances of gait, I and dill7culty in co- ordinating voluntary t movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might I never get the use of my legs. (lust then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medieal i opinion is not infallible.) Well, just I as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, t I grasped at an idea csnveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler- + maker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman." by Dr. Wiliiams' Pink Pills for Palo People. I read in the advertisement of a case t which teemed to fit my own. I deter- t mined to give the Inmk Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though t nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I im mediately lett the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks. and am now takung the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually. but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutelh.s there? They are per fectly new, and I have never used them. fbey were mede for me before I got the Pink Pills, bat I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hops soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " He is 100 I.Fr cent. better," said Mir. Jarvis, who had -come in and rakedin the bahy on her knees. " The Pink Iills have saved his life, and made another man of him." - A friend who called in at this point, said that' Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fort night previtnrly. " I can now," continued Jarvis, have a cold bsth. and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know 1 have to be in the very pink of health and strength io work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the east five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pi'k uills. They have saved imy lifo. I am in uo pain now, whatever, and feel like anewman. On the martelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excru ciating pain. But they can stay where they are. for I ao longer need them. Etverybtody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. M?y being about again has caused quite a Isensation out here." sucla is this remarkable hiatory, and it confiras w hanid in al ths cl. newspaoers of thia country of the as rnishing cures wronght by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People They cure locomotor : ataxy, partial parall3i?, and spinal disease, also the many dislrders which arise from an mpoveiiehed state of the b'ood, such as anrenla, pale and sallow complexion, geneial muscular weakness, iudlgestion. loss of eppe:ita, shortness of breath. pains in the back, nervous headache, etc 