NOTES IN THE ASSEMBLY: Tho Governor, sent a message touching Supply. Mr. Hague was absent owing to ill Jealth. . .'? ?????;.'.. ?????? ..:' ?'-???'. ?; .? / In reply to questions Ministers declined to ulvise District. Councils on lecal ouestions. i-iit thoy propased to insert provisions in tbe Bill as to who might or might not hold offisb in futuro; that, uiey hoped to bring forward the Vermin:! Bill on /Thursday ; that they wcro unawaro of anv promisq to call for compstitive designs from architects for the now Art Gallery— (Mr. B'urgoyne— ' Ycai made Rome yoan ago') ; that it was intended to introduco an amendins 'Marino Board Bill; that they could not promise to introduco a validating moasnro, seeing that the Govern ment could not admit at present that seats wcro improperly held by District Councils; that members of Parliament were oxcoptod under tho Contractors in Parlia mon; Act in respect to Crown leases; that enquiry would be mado as to ox tend big tho West ? terraco Cemotory; that it was not intended to refuse work to unemployed recommended l-v members ot Parliament; that enquiry would be mado as to tho alleged assault by a trooper of a man named Korr nt Nairno; tbat improve menu wero being mado in tbo suburban letter doli very; that tho approximate coat of transfer of goods owing to break-of- gaugo for tbo year ending Juno 30, 1S97, was £2,319 ; that under special circumstances fa cargo of coal had boon .delivered to the Government by a foreign ship carrying an alien crew ; and that tho pipe contractor .nad to pay duties 6n goods imported subject to Custom*. . The CoramiBsiooor of Pnblio Works mado his notice of motion rolating to thu.Uundaiecr water scbemb 'an Order of tho Day for Taen day, a.3 he had not the plans and papers ready. ... . ? , , ? . After discussion, tho .Treasurer carried a motion for Wednesday night vittincs to com plete tbo Commonwealth Bill, which was blocking othor business. ? 'I don't think thero is a Minister who care* twopanco about tho Federation Bill,' said Mr. Homborg, who added, 'The Treasurer's speech m»a it was the most lukewarm de livered.' Mr. Solomon defended the Govern uient. and blamed the four hours' speakers for tho obstruction. Mr. Price— 'This is funny from you.' Mr. Holder stirred up tho Opposition by providing that 11 the debato on tbo Uomuiou wealth Bill fell throurh early on Wednesday evening,' other business might be takon up. On, tho motion to go into Supply, Mr. Grainger rovivod the Thyor's leaso incident. He related all ho knew of the matter, and added that bo could not lx- accused of making it a party quostion or of stirring it up. The Audit Commissioner had refused to give bim information without an order from the Ministor of the Cr.iwn. The only persons able to bide facts wero Minister* of thu Crown. A considerable ftresi-urc was brought to bear upon him not to mention tho matter. Mr. O Loughlin elicited that the pressure- was n6t from Miuistcre. Mr. Grainger stated that the influence UE'jd arou-td his suspicion, which was strengthened tlirongh the avenues of information being stopped, and Mr. Holder's suteiocnts baunu been contra dictory. He oBjwtbd to the reduction iu the rent. TUo rent nni originally £*SV, .ind in terest on improvements £177; thn rent and interest had beau reduced to £179. leaving the rent at £2 i*. 3d. per aunum. On February 10, USX*, .Mr. Holder pot a cheque from Mr. Drew 'without delay,' j»id it into his own Account 'without delay,' and left it there- with 'lone delay.' (Laughter.) Was it likely that- Mr. Drew would 'hand over a cheque for &*-0Q before it was necessary, and charge Mr.- Thyer with interest on it? Tho report piled u|- l-v tho Manager solemnly and sincerely declared that the leased land was not uiortsasfctl. After common tine on the fact*. ?xv.a iuax:ng some new point*, mt. uraingor L-oucludcd that the pi'i|.!e ot South Australia would u«c I'O satisiicd till Mr. Holder Jeroanded an im partial enquiry, which, if it did not cloar tho Treasurer, would do great ;ood to democracy. Mr. O'Mulloy made a loug personal oxpla nation in rc-ply to Mr. MoroViesd'* charges of smbczzlcoiont. Ffo read tho lftter from Mr. Morehcad, ' the blackmailer,' to which lie lid not answer. Mr. Morehcad subsequently met him.nnrl ho (Mr. O'Malley) was sorry he missed him, for he dodged. (Laughter.) In the action, which resulted in a verdict for him if 405., tho .TudfT'j misunderstood tho }-osition. Mr. Solomon— Did not the Judge say you Might to have gono into tbo box? Mr. D'Alalley — Excusn me, Sir : the Judgo eaid ho irould not have believed either of us. (Laugh ter.) Mr. Tlamp. liislawyer, refused tolothimgo into the box. His Honor, who had liecn a politician, was bo&t; able to judge tho value of 1 politician's character. (Laughter.) Tot Member for Encounter Bay produced a com pletely exonerating letter from tho Insurance Manager who was ?ni-I to have placarded him, irhich liegan— ' My dear Kinp.'' tluM fancv iho victim addrKAiug him as ' Mr dear King.% Laughter.) The reason he had not quoted lis relatives was that he had declined to lx. ho ghost of tho wisdom of the departed 3'A'alleys. IIo mado an attack upon ' tho L»crnr.«J VictuaH--rs or Vampires' Asso :iation' for making tho charge again.'*, lira and euppreuing s roplr whic'i lisprored the blackmailer. It wm he Houns's duty in protect members -(cheors)— and he wouW move to bring Mr. 3hittleborouRh to tho Bar to explain his con duet, lie thanked God with sundry adjective* that bo was too strong for 'those roptilce.'* Ho named Meara. Aldridce. Jene. and Hcming, as 'tb^ power behind the throne.' ' Every deg bw hb day, tho cats tboir High!*, and I hare mine.' (Laughter.) Mr. O'Malley challenged the Government to enforaa tit Sunday-closing clause, and concluded with a* illustration drawn from tbo respect shown to the ant and the dimruat expressed to a Norfolk Howard. Mr. O'Malley was warmly cheesed. riien a variety of members emploved tk* ParliamenUry safety-valve. Mr. McPbtrso* complained of unjuw distribution of federal bonuses in tho Government Printing Office; Mr. Catt of incorrect answer* as to the Port ticrmeiu mounted infantry; Mr. Castin* as to tbe nou ? payment of telegraph operators for extra work during to* Convention and of the wast-; of money upon the Paratield Coinutcry; Mr. Batchelor of tbo' danger of extending the Weat- terrace Ccinotery : Mr. Wood of injustice ia rcAOsct to payment of retiring allowances; Sir' John Downer of the obligation to deal ccn'Tously with Convention workers; Mr. Caldu-ell of harsh treatment by tbo Hos pital Authorities: Mr. Coiif-ybeer of tb* uece«s:ty for a bold public works policy ; Me» Mortlock of grievances of troopers; M« Arclub.-ild of misreprc-rn tat iocn about gravinf docks ; and Mr. MacOillivray of overwork* Asvlum attendant?. The Treasurer, in repl; dofended tiio Government as to fome matter and promised enquiries as to other*. Witi tho ilou-o ho passed Mr. Grainger by it silence, except to sav he had produced ever; ovidenco about the Thyers' )- a.-ca. It was twelvo niinutcs to ?- when the Supplj resolution was reached. The Bill passed through without comment. Mr. King O'Malley then completed bit speech on federation, taking about an bour and a half. Though not froo from cxee«siv« ombellishment, his addroas was & great im provement upon anything he bad previously attempted in tho Houw. It was less florid and more thoughtful ; thorc were fewer adjec tives and moro information. Tbe care be stowed upon its preparation wa3 marked by the House, and tho neat peroration was rewarded with loud cheers. He described Mr. Attorney-General Want, the _ author of: ? 'federation.*1 as a provincinlwt sueklotlin parochialism, apolitical hybrid of tbo kicking-mnle species, inheriting its de structive qualities, but possessing no creative jjuwt-r. j lie iuiureirasiui rioioiiuwF r« petition of tho past, 'and to Aiiierica be tucre foro went for arguments for a Mceiribbed Con stitution guarded by a Supreme Court, and for illtatrations of State simplicity and economy. Tho improvement necessary for Australian progress was to provide for the amendment of tho Constitution through the ballot-hoi, racb amendment having been first adopted by ' Congress' sitting together. While opposed to tho whole-colony constituency for the Houfo of Representatives, ho approved of it for thft Senate. The rivers must be fedemlizcd. and the railways eontroUnd by an inter-State Com mission, the membors of w'lich should receive the same salary as legislators. He hoped the colonies would not separate from Great Britain, but revolutionize her throngh the evolution of democracy. For the capital ho pointed to th* Murray for a site, and urged the construction of a canal from Goolwa. Mr. Burpoyno next weighed the Constitu tion in tbe balance and found it wanting, pre ferring IS he did the elasticity of tbe British, and objecting to the State Parliaments being reduced to the condition of District Coumale, Tlio Constitution made for unification. As to the financial provisions they wctk unnecessary and cumbersome. Ho would substitute a levy upon each State. -Mr. Wood admitted that be felt somo diffidence in speaking upon tlio great question, and having occupied over an bour intimated that lie. was good for another hour. Though the Treasurer tried to force him to finiali. and members attempted to count out tbe House. Ho pcrrcvcrcd, and secured tho right to con tinno his remarks. . Ho pnuscd Sir John Downcr'a utterances for their liberal tone, and thought that an alliance might bo entered into between Sir John and Mr. SfcPlierson. The Labour member for Nortii Adelaide preached freo trade, and m this connection fieM up Mr. Reid to praise and Mr. Kingston. ' tho Dictator of Australia, ' to censure. He wanted federation to grow gradually. 