'WAY FOR-THE KLONIKE KINC. "And who is Colonel FitzDomluiekl " .Said Lady May Helver. "Well, le Is the Klondyke Kling-mado piles of money out of those mines, you know. Who he Is besides, no one seems to know. Probably because he is-no body. However, le has mountains of money, and really is a very decent fel 'low." So spake .Tack Dynevor. the eldest son of Sir John Dynteor, of Rushton Park. -Jack was just one of those strong, well-. built, wholesome- looking young men of whom there are so many to be seen in England. ie was also an excellent shot, and a most desirable pari in the eyes of many of the keen matchmakers Sof society. 'And do you mean to say that we have been invited to meet this man as if he were Royalty?" said Lady IMay, her pretty upper lip curling- disdain. .fully. S "Not.qnlte that.;-replied Jack. laugh inkg. " Afdtlle nian himself is neither bumptious nor a snob, as far as I can tell. But you know the kind of thling. There ihas been a dead set at him ever since le arrived. 'T'e men want to get tips out of him. rbe ladies not only want thht, but aliso to screw appoint ments out of him for pets of theirs. or -save the mark-to take charge of him entirely and lancer hiit in London. And as our hostess has no doubt prnmised herself to do this, I see the te prospect of a regular liire-np sooner or later." "Biut surely they don't expect lim to ieal round cheques like cards'" said Lady Miay, curling her lip rather more. "No," replied Jack, witll somlewhat of A look of wonder-for Lady May was a clever girl and knew hcr world thor cughly. "Not that--not that some of themn would mind. I fancy. if lie dlid. I expect Mary Holleton would grab iters like a shot. But, you see, lihe is a power in finance, alnd knows many things, and be keeps sip large establishments both .here and in Canada, and is bhying land -all of which means that lie can do things for his friends. Do you see?" "Yes, I see," replied May-so indif ferently that ,Tack was surprised again, for the feeling was so dissimilar from that which lie had lately witnessed in others. But then lie reflected that it was like the true nobility of May's character to be entirely. free from all 'these petty strivings after the dross of daily life. It will be observed that lie thought of her as May. Whether he had any right to do so lie did not yet know, but he hoped he had, and he was prepared to put the question to the issue as soon -as the favorable opportunity occurred. Jack had known Lady May and her family since childhood, so he naturally proceeded in inlquire after the absent. Lord and Lady Hllehester were quite .ell, the girls were flourishing. Iel xerstone was with his regiment. and Bob-poor Bob- was still In dire dis. grace. "Please don't talk of it." she said with moist eyes. "You know lie is my favorite brother--and-- uly father for :bids us even to mention his name." \- Colonel FitzDomlniick was a long, lean man with a clean-shaven face. which looked as It'f It had been carved out of .some hard Australian w? ~.d?l - -artist who was pressdl- Tor time. Not yven the radiance g gog elii n tfim 'L anything approaehing to good looks, but, on the other hand, he possessed a pair of merry twinkling -eyes, a large ample smile, and a fluent tongue-which at its very tirst utter ance proclaimed aloud the fact that his place of birth was the Distressful Conun -try. - . He had gone up to Klondyke in the early days. Report said that the solid results of his journey were to be -reckoned in millions. Also that the ad "ventures lie had gone through, and the sufferings he had endured, would have completely broken down it lcs l$" mined lmaen. ae lln n quite Ir "sý j i2r l of the golden radiance or rIS 3Viiltii. B lt lie 1was the -very ladt person in the world whoms one might have expected to make an impression on Lady May ifelver-"the scornful May," as mniny railed her. It it true tllhat sle was one of six dllliters, antil Lordl lllchester was de-idledly Door for his position. Mtoreov-er, as all the estates were en talled, it was quite obvious that he Woulld not be able to do much, if indeed anything at all, for his girls. Besides, though May was a beauty of a very un common type, she was twenty-six, her other sisters were all out, one of them Sg 9.?'x+I? nd altogether, whatever to be regarded by filendla'a?n. -alike as a failure. Some girls do not like this hind of position. Thley get wild, fling themselvres at the heads of -the most unlikely men, and plunge into 'marriages which call only be adeqalte ly atoned for by a lifetime of misery afterwards. And, on the other hand, Colonel FitzDominiek was so far from being, an unlikely subjeet that lie was beyond dispute a highly eligible parti in a worllly sense, and could without doubt have commanded a parade of half the beauties of Mayfair iand Belgravia, had lie chosen to select a wife by the Oriental method of throwing the hand kerchief.-. In one sense she would libe -loing very well for herself if she mar ried the Colonel. But then May Ielrer had alwanys given herself such airs, said all the ladies of the hiouse party. It would have seemed far more natural that she Should flung hlerselfj anway on a penniless prince than do such a stralghitfornard, common sense thlig as set lher enap at a millionlire nobody. If she merely looked to money, wilhy had site refused Lord Hilldon, the miser-peer who owned a good slice of London, and lived in a chealp flat in Bloomsbury-; or Sir Henry Allswood, of Allswood-just Sbecause that ulnfortunate stor' about the- keeper's daughter had happened to lenak out? If it came to that, did not -every one know that, if she chose, she could have n large fortune and a hus band who was devoted to her by simply maring liher old friend, Jack Dyneror? -for, as usull, the lookers-on saw most of the game. "She alwnays was a qceer girl," saidl Lady Hlorsham, thle hostess, over the tea-bthble-not, perhaps, without a bitter feeling that it is rather hard to have your taile nllionaire annexed in this way blefore really he has been "of any good." "And queer girls always rush to extremes. Not that shie will not be doing exceedingly well for herself, if \- nsh! here she comes-and the SColonel wnith lier." The person nwho undoubtedly was Smost surprised by Lady May's conduct with regard to Colonel FitzDomlnick was Jack Dyneror. What happened ex actly was this : On tshe first night Jack took Lady S?May in to dinner. This was a piece of :.'- :-good natured hut- perhaps blundering : matiagementuii the~part of the hostess. o:n the other side of her sat Colonel FitzDominlck. After'l brief sputter of Sconversation with JTack. sh lu i l -Il unua au voile which made hIlim \- bendl twards iter with a laugh. After Sthat he panld no further attention to his Slawful partner, but devoted Iimself to \- Landy May for the rest of the dinner \- or could all Tack's efforts induce her to vouchsafe to him more than a few scattered seconds of hier attention. At first he was mortified, then fearful that in i some wany ihe must have offended. her, alnd, lastly, Indignant. Pntting aside all other considerations; It was . -not nice of her to cut an old friend so \- coinmpletelyn-and in sch a marked manu \- + - . When the ladles were gone hie veered +:round to the view lhat, as wromen al 'ways treat men badly whom they S:re:ally like, it was .an excellent sigu. In the morning, however, he received a very decided shock, which completely Opset nail Ihis confidence. There were "garden-links" In the grounds, and he asked Lady May, after breakfast, to play. "I am sorry," she replied, "but I have promised Colonel FitzDominick to give him a lesson; and you know it is of no use making up a foursome with a be ginner." Jack ground his teeth, and would have proceeded to dispute the latter statement, but at that moment Colonel FitzDominick came in. Lady May called to him : "Mr Dynevor wanted me to play you false!" she cried, merrily. "But I was stanunch." To say Jack Dynevor was thunder struck is no exaggeration. If any one had told him two minutes before thiat Lady May Ilelver would condescend to remind any man that she had promised to teach hin golf, he would have laughed the idea to scorn. The thing was incredible. Yet Lady May mhad done it. Jack Dynevor left the room with a brow as black as nlghbt.. jTe-hmad ixed his faith on Lady May. IIe had thought that she was superior to all other wo men, and, lo! the Iloudyke magician had but to wave his golden wand, and she tlrew herself on her knees before him in front even of the adoring press of her sex. After that he went and sulked for a while in the smoking-rooim. There he evolved thie brilliant idea of asking pretty little Miss Linda Ffolliott to play golf with Iile, "Just to show that lie did not care." Ilaving invented such an lugenious inethod of self-torture, it would, of course, have been a pity if it hlad not worked well, but, as a matter of fact, it succeeded admirably, He had the mis cry of observing that Lady May was enutirely absorbed In her pupil, and did not pay the slightest attention to the otler players. This might be pique, of course, but it looked disagreeably like indifference. Miss Ffolliott had sharp eyes, and she soon realised that Jack was singularly remiss in his attention to the game, and that his eyes were more intent on Lady May's figure than her own. She knew all about that affair, of course, and had no objection to catching J?ck's heart on the rebound if It could be done, but she did decidedly draw the line at being made a fool of. Therefore site finished tile round, and after that would play, no more. As the days wore on, the true state of the case became an open secret to the whole party. "Poor old chap!" said the men. "Why doesn't he show some spirit?" said the ladles,especiallr Miss Pfolliott, who would have liked very well to marry Jack and be Lady Dynevor some day. Meanwhile Jack had decided on flight. The usual telegram-which deceives no one under these circumstances-had ar rived, and it appeared tHtt the usual mysterious "important business" re quired.the presence of Mr Jack Dynevor Ill town. Of course the usual polite suggestion and conjectures were made - what would become of society if these little ictions were neglected?--and it was thoroughly understood, by the ladies, at any rate, that "poor Mr Dynevoro~ a been rejected by L. d?,v p the C men favor of the I ondko.lcing. p T t I as at first t et f uniconscious; then burst into sudden sobs and active consciousness, and cross-examined JTack so closely about the telegram and the business that really it seemed quite cruel, all i things considered. "Wants to keep a second string in case of accidents." was the general opinion. I lBut when it became evident that Jack declined to respond to her raillery, and I was really' going, Lady May reverted t abruptly to her mnost scornful manner, t and began to talk audibly and with the t utmost interest-of course, to the inevit- I able Colonel FitzDominuick-about the I picnic which was arranged for the next 'Jay. rThis was tile ;letre wllt?"a Ialt2t a melodramlatic young man, lie would t probably have gnaslhed his teeth over it c all the way to London till there were 1 lone left to gtnash. It was about three months later that i Jack Dynevor ]net Lady lMay IIelver I again at a county ball. IHe asked her c to dance-for old friendship's sake- a lromising limself to be perfectly calm and indifferent. "I have sromethling to tell you," she a said when they paused in the waltz, t "something which is a great secret, and 1 so you must consider it a compliment v that I tell it to you." "You mueamn that I am to congratulate i7 Sm ,131r * I isn a tone that was v lulite the word. HIeartily and eve often. But how on earth did you I know? Did he tell you?" "A.nd when is it to be?" continued lack, with thlle same lifeless voice and P manner, Ignoring the last question. "It is. Don't you understand? It has been going on now for a month. My I fa:ther has forgiven Bobs, and we are all happy again," Ile stared .it he'r In full bewilder' ient. - What hald Bobl to do with her engagement to Colonel FitzDominick. unless- What were those stories of girls who sacriticed themselves for thleir famitly? Was this the touching expl:-. nation of it all? "I tell you," continued Lady. May, "becruse it is partly owing to yon-yes, S-o0 need not look so scared--nlld a coim cidence. On the first day at the lIoia r shanms' I was down first to dinner. Co Ionel FitzDominiek was secondl. Wihen hlie saw me, le started and cried out. Thenl. seeing that I looked amazed, and possibly idlgnant, he begged my par don, and explained that I was so like hlis own daughter, who was miles away. that hlie was qtuite startled. Took me for a ghost. I suppose. Well, we talked, and I soon saw that hlie was a good, kindl, fatherly thlung, and it flash ed on me what you had said about his being able to do things for people. Sup pose I could get hinm to do something for Bob? Dreadfully scheming of me, wasn't it? Well, then, at dinner, I made a bold stroke and called himl 'mon pere.' That won hils heart, and you know what friends we became. When lie heard of Bo1d's circumstances, he proposed at once to do something for him. Wasn't it nilce of him'?" It would he imlpossible to describe .Tack's feelings as tile revelation un folded itself. Tile oily thing that was quite clear to lln was that hlie. would never, never be able to expla:lin to hlier what hlie had lmagined-not even if they alttalnetd the highest confidence. It may be added .that they' reached that period of bliss shortly afterwards. Lady May was muchl troubled that "mon pere" was unable to be at her wedding. H e sent: hnndsome pre sent, bht felt himself obliged suddenly to go out to Canada again, and has not yetreturned. ".. Lady Horshalm and Mary Molleton al ways said- "My dear if yell had onlh.seg.?theiu wouldn't understamid."'-"The World." The dramatic artists-of Greece have been reduced, owing to the war, to a very wretched condition. Since the declaration of hostiltIes theatrical per formances have been prohibited. The request has now been made to the Government that tragedies should be permitted. Comedies and farces were felt to be inappropriate to this time of disaster. The President of th.e Coun cl, 31. Ralli, although feeling the most Ilvely sympathy with the actors, could not accede to their demands, because lie thought that the soldiers who have undergone so many sufferings. ii the field of bottle might be' Indignant if theatrical representations were re newed. Even though . rstricted to tragedies,' they nlight prove a distrae tion. 