fhe 'Federal 'Pattor of John ' Haynes- ' Mb.- Hatnes: 'I'»o : Wen n.puhHo min of] iiMtty [i irts for yt'iiw. I was in juil once.' A.vi'icu :. ' You ought tii he there nuw.' ? | Mr. Hnynu* : 'Y*w of c-nirne ; us ^uvemor ovur ynu. Now, I wouldn't havorviidn word nhnut m^etinit th»t Kvnrlemnn in Dirlinuhurst unly Im inumiptca me. ' i An Elector: '-Ynu can't wtop thu Hlien races ; cointnic into tho colony under the BritL*h cun- , Mr. Haynw : ' Oh. ym wo cr*n ; wo *u-nped tho Olnnmnen. I don't know how you got in.' I An Elector (to Mr. HayncH. while HptnkitiR on thu defence question): 'Oh, give us anuia ' 1^^ V[«'edl' o^WeClay niBht Mr. Uaynes refBrr«d to Mr. .) T. W»lker as 'Hookey W.ilker the Sunday dem««mt.' ' ! Refurnny to the tntliuiry ci.riw— The Old Gu« rds— recently formed by Sir Otorgo Dibbs, ' Mr. Hnynes tnid that the only wtM^um they required was n li-ng-HiRht teluscupe n» th-it they , tnikfht sco tho enemy nl distance, nnd that tho , uniform should tw bullut proof nt the back. I ' What atx.ut Crick V snid an ek-ctur to Mr. ! Hiiynea. ' Oh 1 Crick's all right ' said the ! irrepressible John. ' I denlt with him quickly. - and mndo him change his address in five mi tin tea from Bondi m the In6rmary.' I ' Which O'Connor do you main 1' naid an elector U» Mr. Haynes, ' is it Dun 1' ' Oh, n-i 1' j said Mr. Haynos ; ' Dan's all right. If ho sayn anything on the platform you don't liku he'll meet you on the stairs, nnd ask you to come and have a little chat in the private mom. Oh Dun's all-right ; you need' never bo afraid of Dan's principles.' ' I've s- brother a lAwyer,' said Mr. Utynes. ?'Hb'i the only ono of the family that ever wont wrong. However, htt's done pretty well for himsaff. He's in Parliament in South Australia. I haven't asked him for hi* .minion on federation ; ha might charge mu fur it. ' I know you've got tho hait body of alduruvin in the colooy here.'7 said Mr. H iyn*t. ' I my that everywhere I go.' ' I like to hava a cut at these lawyers,' said Mr. Haynen. 'They'reas easy to pull tu pieces as a boiled fowl.' Mr. Haynds dit4crihes Mr. R. E. O'Connor aa the advocate of plutocmcy in the Upper. Housd. ' Mr. Wise,' said Mr. Hnynex. ' waa a ia-in with miithty prmpecta hnd he been true tit. the ntHiplo; but wheu they anked him tu' face the hurdles of reform he baiilked. and ran riuind them.and thin ended hiit politioil career.' 'Mr. Bruce Smith,' said Mr Baylies, 'is another splendid specimen uf a democrat. He objected to the payment uf tuomlwn^ wouldn't dmw hit scruw, and left it. lying in the trewury for twi» yeara. When he w»h thn.wn out. how ever, he went down to tho truatiury in the middle of the night, gut down the chimney, and collared the lot ; and it's a jolly good job tho ^?KiTs*cr-* of defence/' «iid Mr. Hiynee, 400.000,000 Quong Tartn coming ? over fnmi China, to capture Australia. They tried to frighten us with pigtailed ghosts.' ** Armies are concerns in which the upper crust get billet* for their twins. If a man ban two sunn, and one of them happen** to bo a radi cal,' he puta him into the army. If the other i* a weakly fellow, they mido a clergyman or a '* The i qualification for officorn in Dibb'« Old Guards is the length uf * ulianks,' ' so .-Ays Mr. Haynoa. Mr. Haync» says that Mr. J. 0 Neild, who is now in England, had the words ' Mnjor' Oune ral J. 0. Neild ' painted in white letten -m hU pttrtmanteau and boots : when leaving for England. said Mr. Hayncs. ' I d-mb ask for quarter and I'm not going* to give quarter.' ' . ' Some rath went' into parliament for wcinl rensona, and an iy-on as tht-y got in they swelled out to twice their siz», nuffud nut their chenta like pouter pigeonn, and' contracted npthnlmia which prevented thuin fmm' seeing the mun who had worked for them before the declaration of the poll.1 ' We trenb no annies. You elector's rights are all the weapons yuu waut in this country.' 