COMPLETE STORY. [published by special abbaxoeuext.] '❖ ❖ iiiAi i r .❖ ❖ VICTOR O'D. POWER, Author of "The Deverells of Lynnwood," "A Secret of the Past," "Bonnie Duuraven," ire., &c.; [COPYBIGHT.] CHAPTER I. A Tuhnixg Poixt. ?HE clear amber light of an October sunset bathed'the woods of Brandon in its melancholy splendour, quivered in shafts of tremulous dame along the ferny glades and forest open ings, and touched with fire the figures of Viola Brandon and her brother Hubert, as they stood together in one of the loneliest recesses of the wood, their faces pale with the : emotion that shook them both. "No, no, Viola; it is only mad folly to endeavour any longer to blind my eyes to the truth," Hubert Brandon was saying, in; tones of suppressed passion. "Ever since! Carruthers returned to the hall it is quite! evident that Mabel Adair Is not the same girl, toward me; at least. Not that I believe, mind you, that she lores the fellow one bit; and that's the worst of it. To think that she will marry him, simply and solely because of his title and social position, is the bitterest of all reflections." "But surely, Hubert, you ought to give her the benefit of the doubt," Viola returned, her deep, gray eyes full of concern, her beautiful oval face growing still paler. " You may be wronging Mabel all the time. You aro so dreadfully impetuous, you know. "Why don't you make .an effort to provo your suspicions ? Why don't you ask her if—'', ^ Viola paused; then added hastily: v . 1 "No; I won't counsel that. There are1 snrely a dozen ways in which you could discover the truth without going to the girl herself and having a 'scene' over the matter." " Make your mind perfectly easy, Viola," Hubert said, with flashing eyes. "Mabel Adair shall never have it as a boast after wards that I crawled to her feet and becrsred of her to he merciful! That is not exactly my way. I've been thinking over another little plau, however, which will, I think, be effective enough. It will open my eyes to the girl's true doiugs, and to Carruthers's treachery toward myself. Yes, treachery, Viola," be added, answering, an almost startled glance of his sister's. "Lord Carrutbers kuows perfectly well that Mabel and I were all but engaged. His sister told hira about it the very day ho returned to • the hall. I happen to know this; I do not speak without good authority. The man is a heartless, unprincipled cad, and nothing else; and I'll not rest until I tell liini so—up to his face, too, curse him 1" A little cry of pain escaped from Viola's lips, and she impulsively caught her brother's hand in hers. Hubert was her only brother, and she hud always loved and looked up to him with a kind of hero-worship that had grown with her years and strengthened with her strougth. Hubert, was one of those generous-minded, warm-hearted, sensitive,proud, andpassionate young men, whose lot it generally is to be loved by many and yet never satisfied them selves. Nervous, highly-strung, easily elated, as easily depressed, Hubert Brandon's exis tence was oftentimes a martyrdom to himself —a sad auxiety to his sister. His mother, whom he closely resembled in every way, had died some years before, leaving to Hubert the old Dower House of Creighton, where he had resided now for nearly a year; and ever since their mother's death sister and brother had been * drawn together still more fondly, than of old. Viola Brandon would, I think, have died for Hubert; and that the feeling was a mutual one Viola well knew. It pained her more than she could express to hear Hubert's passionate and bitter words now. She hardly knewwhat to say in answer. Of what avail could it be to talk the custom ary platitudes in this cruel emergency 4r That Hubert was stirred up from his deepest depths she felt in every word he had uttered, in every glance of his eyes—so like her own, 441 wish—I wish you would not brood so much over this mutter, Hubert," she said at last, her fingers closing about lus hand with a tightening pressure. " Even supposing that your apprehensions are true, you are not the only one who has troubles. Look at my case," and a wan smile—the saddest of smiles —flitted ghost-like across her features. 44 If I were to allow myself to think, why, I should break down altogether." Hubert started a little, and turned his grave, gray eyes full upon his sister's face. There was a remorseful look in those eyes. His lips quivered. '"An, X had forgotten. Yes, yes, indeed, Viulu, it is too bad—too bad.* Poor old Launee I It is hard for you and for him." Viola said nothing. In spite of every effort «.f her strength of minu, back flow her thoughts to that wretched evening, nearly a year and h half ago now, when Launre Carisbrooke and she had parted, to meet, per haps, never again. Launce's father had been ruined on the stock exchange; the dear old Manor House and estate had been seized by the mortgagees; the unfortunate bankrupt Had died, a broken* hearted man; and Launce, the only son, had been forced to go out to the Cape, where a former college companion of his nad promised to^ get him an appointment should he be driven to leave his home. Launce's granduncle, Sir Godfrey Caris brooke, was one of the wealthiest men in Somerset, and was an old bachelor to boot. When it was suggested to the old man that it was his duty now to look tohisgrandnophew, he struck his ebony stick on the floor, and compressed his thin, determined lips. "He may thank his father's blind folly for this," Sir Godfrey snarled. "I always- told Frank Curisbrooke that he'd regret it if he Eersevered in those ruinous investments. But e laughed all ray counsel to scorn, and per sisted in his own course, and a fine kettle o' fish he has made of it, too. "Well, let the son suffer now. It will teach him u bit of a lesson, and ho will learn by practical experience that in order to succeed in life one roust be cautious, steady, energetic, and self-reliant." The advocate was . tempted to remind Sir Godfrey, that the good things of life had dropped into his own capacious lap simply through the accidental death in the hunting field of a cousin of his, the former proprietor of Carisbrooke, and that on 'this account he should not dwell so much on the necessity of energy, soli-reliance, and so forth, for the securing of worldly wealth. But what was the good of talking ? Better to take things quietly, and some day or other, perhaps, Sir (Jrodfrey's adamantine heart would soften a bit toward the ill-fated Frank Carisbrooke's son. So Launce aud Viola Brandon had made their adieux with mutual vows of unchanging , love and lifelong constancy. Almost from the days of their childhood they had been sweethearts, and the separation now was among the saddest of this disappointing world's sad vicissitudes. 14 If fortune ever favours me, Viola," Lannce had said, " I will return, and you will be my loving wife at last." " Your wife, or the wife of no one, Launce," was Viola's sobbed reply. And thus had they parted. Now, as I tell you, nearly a year and a half had gone by, and the hope of renuion in Viola's heart was slowly dyingout. Launce's occasional letters were not encouraging. It was a hitter cross to bear, and Hubert Brandon, who shared all his sister's secrets as a rule, was fully alive to Viola's hidden sor row, and looked forward almost as eagerly as did she to Launce Carisbrooke's return to England. " It is selfish and cowardly of me, Vi, to talk as I have been talking." Heaven knows, dear, vou have troubles enough of vourown." : bo, m a contrite, remorseful spirit spoke Hubert, and instantly Viola's face changed. : She patted his haud gently, and forced a sad : little smile. 41 We must only hope for the best, Hubert, you and I. That is all we can do." 44 Well, not quite all," her brother answered, with a momentary return of his former mood. "Ono thing more I at all events must do ere I allow myself to lapse into inactivity. That plan I referred to awhile ago must be carried out, Viola", and after thut " 44 Hush ! Somebody is coming." Just as the interruption escaped Viola's lips footsteps were heard, and tho tall, muscular figure of a handsome young fellow, dressed in the brown corduroy of the Brandon game keepers, came rapidly along a pathway which intersected that on which Viola and her brother stood. 44 Oh, it is only Robin Dale," Hubert said. 44 Good evening, Robiu." The approaching figure abruptly halted. A pair of brown eyes flasLed forth from a pale, handsome face. Clearlj Robin Dalo had been so wrapped up in hisn own meditations that he had not heard the voices of the brother and sister as he came along. 44 Good evening, Master Hubert. Good evening, Miss Viola." There was an odd tremor in Robin Dale's Toice as ho pronounced the girlTs name—a strange, wistful sadness in bis eyes as he turned them for a moment upon her face. Viola Brandon was conscious of this, although she tried to blind her senses to the fact. For months post she had secretly suffered from the well-nigh incredible but sufficiently patent evidences of Robin Dale's feelings towards herself. At first she had laughed at the idea as being u piece of absurd fancy on her part; but little by little the fact was brought home to her in a hundred small ways, each bearing its own significance, and all tending to one conclusion* only. It was ridiculous, it was humiliating, it was preposterous; but it was no longer possible to doubt it. Robin Dale, son of the head gamekeeper of the Brandon preserves, had conceived an unfortunate attachment for the daughter of the squire of Brandon Court. When the truth stole upon Vioht, Ijer first impulse had beeu to speak to her father; but second thoughts stepped in and tied her tongue. She trusted now to time, to herown tact, to Robin Dale's good sense, for a deliverance from, this absurd but very real difficulty. For the previous mouth she had never once seen Robin until this moment. She was almost shocked at tho worn look of his face, at the hopeless expression of his deep set, yearning eyes. He passed hastily down the path, and was lost to sight. Viola breathed a sigh of relief. 44 What a strange fellow Robin Dale is 1" Hubert said. 44 i canuot understand him at all. I have met. him from time to time about the woods here of late, and invariably hf i.« i mooning along with his oyes a thousand mites i hump, or else walking at tho rate of a dozen < nnlcs an hour, with a look of madness in his I face." "He is something of a poet, they tell me," Viola said-with averted eyes. "His mother was a lady—or so I'm told. She eloped with Adam Date, his father, and " "Oh, of course, I know that old story, Vi," Hubert interposed. "It may bo true, too. Jfy recollection of 3Irs. Dalo bnngi before my memory a very lady- like, pensm creature, with long lappets to her cap, and lace mittens on her thin fingers." Viola smiled at this, and instantly her face was transformed. So beautiful was tbat sunny smile that one could only regret that it came so seldom. " 1'ou have brought her before mo" now, poor woman," Viola said. "Yes, she cer tainly must have been a lady. No one but a lady could ever wear such mittens, or be pos sessed of such fingers as Mrs. Dale's." They turned and, both smiling now, retraced their steps through the wood. Little they dreamed at that moment that a turning-point of their lives, as well as of their walk, bad now teen reached, and that the gathering shadows of the wood were strangely typical of the lowering clouds that were already darkening above them. 