AN ADVENTURE OP THREE ENGLISHMEN. Two ragged, sun-ssorohed white men lay in camp beside a wide river in the heart of the savage wilderness of forest sad swamp which surrounds the lower waters of the Niger, enjoying a brief noonday rest. It was fiercely hot, and the yellow river rolled sluggishly before them, flushing and shimmering in the sua glare, until the misty forest closed about it; while upon the farther bank a fringe of feathery oil-palme bent down their raw-green fronds towards the muddy water. ,, ,„ Presently, Jack Crosston shook himself out of his lair amoag the whitened grass, and observed gravely, " AB the niggers say, this land was made for the black men, end a European has no business in it. Onee we clear the rubber off that knoll I'll get out of Africa—it's a ghastly country." The other Englishman, Charlie Lee, who - was, if possible, more ragged and dusty than his companion, laughed silently* and answered." Always the same Impulsiveness. STou needn't abuse the country. There's a hundred pounds' wozth of rubber in the two oanoes, and a thousand pounds' worth more ready gathered on the knoll. I hope Jim can keep the niggers off until we bring up more men and oanoes from Warri," Crosstoc'B fsoe grew thoughtful, as hereplied, " I didn't like io leave him, but one o! us could never.h&ve; got through a'one. He has a dozen good fightingmen, ,£oo, a ®d they can only get at him on one side. ^.It's sickness I'm afraid - of. Sixange/ ieu't it, that wherever rubber thrives white men die." Then there was silence for a time, and the IraderBtriedtoshelfeer ShsmeelveHfrom the burning sun rays beneath the tali grass tuesooks, while their naked, black followers lay basking cn the river bank, soaking in the heat like salamanders. Later, a dark patch appeared In the centre ;of the stream, standing out olearly against the flashing water as it drifted nearer and nearer, and CfOsBten said csrelesBly, " An alligator, or a rotten oettonwoed log j the river's rising at last." Lee shaded his eyes with his hands. He had a way of noticing smdl things^ rThen he said, sharply, "No, it's a canoe with a man in it, and he haB clothes cn, too." Crossten sprang to his feet, and a babel of volcea rose from the bank, while the canoe, with what aeemed to be a bundle of blue rags lying in the stern, slid down the muddy ourrent, untn It was abreast of the camp, and? then swung round and round In an oily eddy; and all the time the limp figure Jay motionless. t s Take the canoe, and bring that thing ashore," said Cresston; and a few minutes later tlie craft and its unconscious freight grounded among the reeds. " Uniform ef French Senegalis, been dead some days; smallpox it is; stand clear," Bald Lee, bending over the body. The negroes fied for their lives, and^he white man shuddered a little, for he had once seen a whole natlve tribe cleaned out by the jtllencs, Then he added slowly, " Must be one of the F/enok gunboat's men. Flamboyant, wasn't it ? She went up ths river two months age." "Hallo, here's a letter on him," and, un folding >the moist paper, the traderpuzzled over the sprawling shaky writing across it. « Any white man seeours me bring, or 1 die, quickly and alone. Lranoh ' Temeraire' ^raandaiear pointe deB palmiora. A mo?~Ie bon DIeu i" read Lee; then he added, " The rest is illegible; what do you make of it all 3" "Very simple," said Crossten. "Gun 1 boat's launch came te grief, black crew de: eerted, and one white officer4ef£i half «3ead of fever, or small-pox. We must get him ^^eB/^-euppoBe -w?^ ~tMawwtea Xas; <• though it means leaning Jim a week longer in the swamps, but we can't let; the poor wretch die, worthless palm oil ruffians though we be. The Government men don't m&nopslfes; at&the; vktueB ot humanity and education." 4 Crosston grinned. t I was taught a few things myself at Cambridge," he said. " We > must:4o ouc bset, but oonfocad that French-- man!" Half an hoar later, they drove the oanoes up thayellowE&ra;&na;, the wiiite men fce&d; ing over tfae paddles amoag tlie Kroo boys, in spite of the sweltering heat; while the Seneg&U; messenger slept beneath the palms, with his faoe turned towards the east, like the faithful Mussulman he was. Towards sunset, on the second evenSng, th<?j swung thedrippingbladeBvsryfaintiyandwearliy, and even the indefailgable Kroo beys declared they could hold sat no longer. " Keep it up! Half en hour mere and an extra piece of cloth all round—if ever we get baok," said Crosston, and the wem-out negroes groaned aa they dipped the paddles; ana the white men gazed eagerly over the bows. The«un was sisking fast towards the cQtton.woods, the woBtern heavena blazed With orange and saffcoqj and a larld crimson light flaEhedaloEg tha oily water untll it resembled a river of bipod. There was not an air stirring, and heavy wreaths of vapour ascended from the reeking swamps, like the steam of a great oauldron, shrouding the taU stems of the palms which crowned oaoh> knoll until their tufted crests alene were visible, like islands in a sea of vapour. " Dark in hour, frogs beginning already," said Crosston. " Those are evidently the tall palms. Where oan the launch be ? Perhaps the niggers have found her out, and egaared the Frenchman. Paddle stronger there, wu Kroo boys, or yen catch no gin to-night." Presently Lee said, calmly, " There she is," and pointed to a; dark object, looming out indistinctly through the gathering miat. The Kroo boys raised a yell, the paddles splashed! iaster and faster,: whirling :;up a cataract of foam, and later^^ihe two oanoes shot, grinding alongside a big steam-launch> If isg over, nparly on her beam ends, hard and fast on the edge of a bubbling mudbank. The white men swung themselves on board, as the Kroo boys made fast the canoes; .but there wiffi neither sound nor sign of life the launch's deek—nothing but rusiyiro!i,tatteredawiiings, sun-blistered paint, and fiilencejwhile the darkness deepened across rhrer and forest. ° Hurry there," said Crosston, below, And find a lamp before this place spoils our nerves, The Kree boys will bolt in s minute for fear it'e haunted," and the two men descended the tiny joompanloni "Thank goodness here's a lamp," said Crosston ashaen^eEed,and stFUOkamatoh. A smoiy yeliew glow filled the little oabln, falling npon fhe hollow face and wasted form of a European, ^ho lay on a cushioned looker, with legions cf beetles crawling over him. The traders .started at the sight. Then Crosston, kneeling down, gently h raised the sufferer's head, and held a fi&sk; to his lipa. " Ab," gasped the lever-stricken Frenchman, "you are kind, grace a —then his eyelids closed. "Hold up," said the trader, "don'i faint 1 Down with it again, 1 ' and the sick man choked for breath ssthe seoond dese of ej>lrii ^re pcared down hie throat. Presently hs raised himself on one elbow, and with tka Englshtaan's strong arm about his shoulders, Etsmmered, " I am sons Lleutenmi L?scaat t «ad the launch is of gunboat FkmbojaM. She sSBk here threO .weeks, j«ai the Senegal! ht^i^wttt-^ %oupall it—smallpox-. 'I send the boat dowi ri^eit for aid, end fivemen stay. They #qo>ut one, and he go in isjuaoe ^—here Cronsfcon 8apjbg4Sere--^ouse 1 aiitei^n? H i i P m l O T I 'jssse*- '4 ^'j'tS i-afi-"^' ^ i-—«aup. Mue some -"tbw's ftgalfey the bulkhead. Look aveond for wine, the Frenchmen always carry that. Hallo, he s going off, hurry with those things, and kneeling down again, he loosed the sick man's tunic and chafed his hands. By the time the steaming soup was brought, the lieutenant oame round, and dosing It liberally with generous wine, Crosston fed him with a spoon until he gasped, " Je vous remeroie, you are ver kind. All Englishmen are not—the Company Boyale du Niger, they refuse me drugs when Senegidi all sick." Crosston sprang to bis feet. "May the company be -oondemned and all its works," he said. " If they had their way, there'd be no one else in the creeks but Joe Flint doesn't own all the Niger yet, thank goodness for the Protectorate." Then he abused the Chartered Company, fluently and forcibly for five minutes—and he never repeated an adjeotlve either. < ( Ah, he is droll ce monsieur, but I do not unde»tand," said the Frenchman, with the ghost of a smile in his eyes; and Lse answered, "Yes, he's a unique swearer, even for Africa, and the Company does its best to crowd us out." Then he added gently, "Soyez tranquil, monsieur, we'll take care ef you. Sleep now "-—and laying the feeble form gently down, ke bathed the hot forehead with vinegar, and the lieutenant's eyes closed. •Mack," said Lee, "has it ever struck you that virtue is its own reward t" No;" was the answer.: " It's generally ; the other way about. There's no room for virtus in Africa." " Always dense," said Lse. " Here we have a launch fit to steam ten' knots, two machine guns, and coal. What's to prevent us going right through the creeks now, and bringing out Jim and the rubber, in the face of all the savages on the Niger !" Crosston smote-his thigh. " We'll do it," he said. "The river's rising fast, and we can heave her off tomorrow*but you'll have to work as you never did in your life," and he added, chuckling, " A little rough on the French navy, isn't it?" Then the silence of Africa settled -down. The' Kroo men were fast asleep in the canoes, Lee lay in deep slumber upon the oppositelocker,whiIeCroBSton,theimpnlsive, in spite of the fatfgue he had undergone s and the labour that lay betore him on the morrow, kept watoh by the Frenchman's sidef moistening the blackened lips from time to time. Before the sun rose across the palms* a -trail of dingy smoke streamed aleffc^ from the launch's funnel, for every trader on the Niger knows hew to run a launch; and, amid much shouting, .ropes were taken: out, and made fast te the trees^'/on?the opposite bank, The Uttle winoh panted and ham mered under every pound of steam; the Kvooboys hauled and yelled; the propeller whirled np the foam % and, at last, -with a sucking beneath her keeli the vessel slid out of the mud and was onee more afloat. Lee came up from the englne oockpit-r-a reputable, ragged object, ameared with Eiast,coaldu8t,andgretffle;butthei'ewas triumphin idbii eyes* and he turned towards Clrosston, who was breathless with: bawling at the Kroo boys, and said—• "When you've^ quite used np your profanity, perhaps you'll get those ropas; aboard, and take charge while I go down and look after the Frenchman. As he did so, his companion took the wheel, and the launch churned her way up a side oreek. Three days passed, and then they steamed up a winding river reach, just as the vapours were melting before the rising sun. AiEagged s&irtj; fiap^ngifrom the bough of a dead cottonwood. caught Crosston's eye, and ihengh be was half dead from want of &eep; h'a broke out Into a wild '* Hurrah." Then ft rattle ef Hint-look guns broke the stillness, and wreathes of hlae vapour rose above the low-lying mist ; And 5 . jg?®ing anxiously ahead, the white men saw oanoe after canoe stealing through the ,thinning vapour. * "<*et hold of the wheel. Fve never,used a machine gun before, but I'm going to try it now," said Crosston; aud, running forward, he knelt behind the shield in the bows. As he did so, Lse said, " Just in time, there's Jim's rifle, thank heaven," and the sharp, singing crash of a heavy express echeedtwicQaarsgBthefoseEt.The tracer swung the long, brown barrei on its pivot, -then worked ilihe lever wi&kmightand; main*; The bows of the laoach iveire vei^edin smekej out of whioh came a succession of- grinding reportsiand a shower of steel-tipped project tides hurtled through the ootton woods; and struck np/spouts of slime amid thoswamps: ; while a swarm of canoes shot out from beneath the overhanging bushes; and with the paddlea whirling madly fle w away up the viver. " Don't think I Hit anything, but I frightened them anyway," said Crosston, as the «* chunk chunk" of paddles grew fainter and fainter. (< Just ae well, for the Protectorate mighthave made trouble, and1 don't know how to work the cartridge band m oaBe they come back," and with a scream from her whistle the launch went ahead. A few minutes later, her bows touched the bank, and a haggard European walked w6arflyonboa?d,andafterahandgrip;alI round, said qaietly, *! I'm glad you^ve oome. Alotoffouahtnenhavebeenhanginground for a week, and kept me on watch night and day. I ^thought they were going to rush me at last; but where did you get the launch?" Crosston told the story, and the new* oomer chuckled as he listened. " You're a wonderful man, Lse," he said, " It they planted yon naked in the bash you'd tarn tip £a three mouths, clad in pnrple and geld^ aad leading «n army. It's too good a joke—three palm oil ruffians annexing a part of the French navy. Give me something to eat, then we'll get the rubber on board, and clear before our friends oome back." Jack Cfosstonwentdswntere'ssearathe Frenohman. bnt he was raving in malaria delirium, and understood nothing of all that had happened., All that day the white men and Kroo boys worked: : : withv despsrate energy, in spite o£ fatigue and burning heat. Calabash aft^ o^abash, and coil after ooil, of viscous, green rnbber, was stowed away, and %t sunset-the launch was steaming at half-speed down the winding oreek, her deck crowded with black h&nda; while a grizzled Kroo boy held the wtcel, :: :vThe three traders lay about .on .the cabin floorings, utterly worn out, though when the siok Lieutenant opened his eyes, and sat feebly up, Crosston making desperate efforts to keep awake, fed him with the food already prepared. Lifting a glass of wine to his Hps with a trembling hand* he said, feebly, " My frlent, I am better now, and .the madnesB is gone, grace a voire boutre; but what is this—this smelld'enfer ?" H Odour of hadeB,'^ translated Jim, and e smiled, for if there is anything more nauseating v than the fetid smell of raw African rubber It must be very hard to find, CrOBstonsomewhat sheepishly, proceeded matters. W hsn he grasped; the situation, the sick masi'd dim eyes sparkled, andhe said, " You are & wcaasrStil people, you Anglais—and this man hotd thg creek alone ; bat we French fight f.r gloris—witb you it is slwayg tha teado. Tea have basn ver' kind to me ^ the launoh it does not matter; but the kindnesB, yaa." " Yes, yes, that's all right; lie down and kd. Yea re coming round in style, and we're off for the coast now," add CrosBton. Theniheturned tohla companions. " The old way of wdting until the niggers bring you bad rubber Is played out; the new is te look for it one's Belf. We'll beat the Accra product yet. But the first thing we d© is to get Major E verard to certify that the swamp is in Protectorate domains, or the great Company will take it from uz. G09d.Sifht.ftU." Very soon the silence of the troplo night was only broken by the throbbing of the engines, and the gurgling wash of the propeller, as the launoh steamed along. Great was the astonishment of the white officials of the Niger Protectorate, when a week later, the launch steamed up the Warri river, and the robber gatherers moored her alongside the Consulate. The British Government officer in charge heard the story, and burst into a fit of laughter. , c Great is the power of effrontery," he said, " but I think yon'd better not use that launch any more. It might make trouble. Yes, those swamps are in the Protectorate, and I can give yon papers to work them. It's as well you came to me at , once, - or , the . . tr great: - . Sperkstone - it would 1 have wriggled them into the Company s grip, somehow. . The rubber was landed and saipped to 1 England; where it brought excellent prices! and, with the kindness and oourtesy for which all the Niger Coast ^Protectorate officials^—save one—are famed, : th« : sick Frenchman was received and c^red for at the Consulate, where the launch lay until the gunboat "Flamboyant" came down the Kwarra, and sent a crew from Forcados for her By^ the time this happened, the three adventurers were back agam m the mid busn with a stronger espeton. Whether the „gs#efui. Feagcbmsn aU the 8fco ? y^s doubtful, out to their intense surprise, when the three came dowa <iut of I the foresfe, mmj mo^U found; a parcel ed letter waitmg them at Warri The letter contained tbe thanks of the French Govesnmenfe for their couragecHe and huiaane mscuO of anavy officer, and the parcel two gold watches wlt l U Q ?, C ! ptl, ?5 S t «T em< . " Well," said Lee, "I never 6 ? pocted this. I wonder what they'diave given ifwe'd borrowed fiUed her fall of palm oil. We 11 go and look Lescant ap some day at Toulon, for k weUl beinch men yetif that swamp holds out a bit. Europeans die off veqr fast in West Africa, and the entire white populafaoa is changed every three or four yeara, but a good story lives, and ttiere js one that wril long be told—and that is how fcnree palmoil ruffians borrowed a vessel of the Fraaoh navy to bring down .their evil-smelling rubber throngh the Niger oreeks. It was told the writer in a British Oonsulate. 