METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. A certa'n class of charlatans- are always ready to seize upon the death of a prominent citizen as a peg on which to hang the humbug prepared by them for the confidinu public, and the latest instance crops up in con nection with the terribly sudden dentil of Sir William OInrke. Al ready one of the palmistry brood is to the fore with an announcement that " Some months since I had the houour of reading the late baronet's hands, and I warned him," etc. Now any one who had, the acquaintance of the deceased gentleman will refuse to be gulled into the belief that lie was weak enough to consult a palmist. Yet the individul referred to lias the audacity to state that he " paid a professional visit to Sir William's city residence and there unfolded to him — Enough ! No doubt this wisely pre pared pill will be swallowed by many people, In fact this appears to be the pill period. No matter what their colour, there are eager mouths waiting to swallow them. It may interest you to know that the orders received by the Melbourne florist for decorations in connection wiib Sir William Clarke's funeral, exceeded £600 in value. My infor mant is the manager .of the establish ment which supplied some of the handsomest designs. i hope the socialists in our midst won't seize upon this fact as a subject to harangue upon, now when the winter wind is keen. Mr Justice A'Beckett has untied a good many marriage knots in the Divorce Court during the last few days, and there are more to come before him. One of the co-respondents was stated to be a member of a certain metropolitan church whose pastor holds advanced views. What a naughty, old gentleman — not the pastor, the co-respondent. While the counuiug iiusuiuiu was uusenii lioui home he used to sing hymns to his wife. Of course there wns other evidence against the singer. I must tell you that in one of the cases to he tried shortly, the co-respondent is the resident consul in Melbourne for a powerful nation. Now that the Supreme Court of New South Wales lias followed the decision given in England by five judges sitting in the Queen's Bench division, namely, that cash betting on racecourses is illegal, we may look for a prosecution, with the object of testing the question -so far as this colony is concerned. It is hot to be expected that a matter of such im portance to all the colonies will be allowed to rest without an appeal to the Privy Council, but certainly the odds, according to present appearances, are asrainst the bookmakers. We have not yet beard what followed the English decision. Did the "bookies" in llie mother land close up their bags, meekly, and cease to roar out " Three to -one bar nine," I wonder. Fancy Cup Day at Fleniingtou without the presence of the gentry, a hose noses, as Marcus Clarke once said, "cast deep shadows on the sward 1" More than half the pleasure of the race meeting would be gone if the privi lege were taken from us of dropping gold pieces into the bags of the inno cents, who throw up their arms and gnash their teeth whenever a first favourite gets home in a big event. By . the way; this -is the time for the supporters of the totalisator to array their forces. We want the machine, bookmaker or no bookmaker, and an <ii-1r1itinnfll QvtYiimpnf. in fflvmir nf if. is the English ruling that cash betting on racecourses is illegal. And, talking about betting, I am reminded of an interesting case . in connection with Chinese lotteries, which: was heard here the other day. A Chinaman, who had invested six pence in one of these lotteiy "banks," sued n fellow countryman for its re covery, and he alleged that he had been swindled out of money legiti mately won at the game. Of course, tho evidence was contradictory, and the Bench dismissed the complaint. How is it that the police permit these Chinese swindles to flourish in Mel bourne 1 There are at the present time six " banks " " drawn " in the heart of the city every day, and auy Saturday night several hundreds of men and women may be seen invest- I ing portions . of their earnings in the lottery, shops. in Little -Bourke street. Years ago the game was played fairly, according to Chinese ideas of fairness, odds of twenty to one being laid when -1 iu.-y should have been about ten limes as many, but now . the poor player hasn't a ghost of a show of winning, the wily Chinee having -found- out a way of increasing the odds from millions to billions against tho investor securing the maximum number of marks on his. ticket, and proportionately so down to the mini mum number.; The detective police know all about the matter, but they are silent; ( This winking at the Chinese lotteries on the part of tho authorities is one of the blackest spots in the -black side of Melbourne life. » / uiiuciotniiu wnj IU 10 mc \- policy of a licensed victualler to be on the Lest of terms with the police man in. his neighbourhood," but we didn't know until the other day that the friendship went to the-.extent of placing bottles of grog- in the water- trough at midnight for the use of Constable X. in the small hours of tiie! morning. -This is. what the licensee of a city house told the Bench last -week when she was proceeded against for. Sunday '.trading.'-' "The general practice is," she said, "to Lave a bottle or two in the right-of- way: for ..the police, but the water- trough is safer.", A well-known dip- somauiac lias been . searching- the water-troughs in the suburbs nightly since he heard of the woman's state ment in court, but I canuot say with what success. " The police again had an imposter before the city court the other day for " personating the Victorian police force " and Hiw evidence swninsl liini j was that lie drank two glasses of beer at an hotel, and when asked for pay ment, replied,' "I'm a constable. Members of the force never pay for drinks." Are. these statements true, Mr Chomley 1 Fancy a prisoner, upon whom the judge was about to pass sentence, saying, " I'm a bad lot your Honour, and I shall consider myself lucky if you let me off with ten years this time." This was what a well-known criminal did in Sydney last week after he had pleaded guilty to several charges of robbery. The judge ac cepted the suggestion, and seuteuced bim to the period stated. Mark, the prisoner didn't pump up tears, and plead — as many of his class do when the gaol walls are closing around them — that he had not had a fair chance in life's battle. No, he had the honesty to admit that he was a very black sheep, and that lie deserved long imprisonment. There is some hope for that man yet. 'IMna caKa mil lliinl'tnrf utinnf flio gentleman who had the courage to tell a Melbourne audience a few nights since that he was a reformed drunkard. Not a pleasant admission to make in the city in which he has passed the greater part of his life. The lecturer expected a crowded house, and his disappointment was so great when he saw there were not more than a hun dred persons present, that he lost heart in his subject, and his discourse fell flat. A few of his boon com panions of other days were in the audience, and concluding that the chagrin which the lecturer evidently felt at the insignificance of the patron age extended to him, would have the efleet of weakening his will power in the cause of total abstinence, they determined nnon attacking his Off an of firmness immediately after the lecture was over. Accordingly, they surrounded him when he was leaving the hall, and brought their united pressure to bear 011 the solicitation to take " just one glass." It was a mean thing to do, nud I am glatl to state that ho was strong enough to "hold the fort " ngainst his assailants. The man has been reclaimed from the gutter by a certain treatment for drunkards. His case is a very in teresting one, and I shall watch its course. 