MY BARBER> [By Close Shave.1 " Been to the Theatre* lately, sir 1" he asked alt he poured nut the hot water. " Yes," I answered, " I always make it a point to see, if possible, every company that comes to Adelaide." " It's a queer go, the show business. Last Friday night we had 4 Hamlet,' and on Saturday there was an exhibi tion of cats." " From the sublime to the ridi culous, eh, William I" " I don't know, sir. I suppose * Hamlet' is sublime; I've heard a great many educated gentlemen say so ; but there seems to be a good deal of waste of time over it." " Perhaps you are like the gentleman who " " I know what you are going to say. He thought * Hamlet' was too full of quotations. Ob, no ; I'm not quite so ignorant as all that. Although I'm no scholar I've read most of Shake speare's plays, and seen them performed too." " Then do you consider that Hamlet was mad f' " Mad! He was no more balmy than you are. He just gammoned, and that's what I call a waste of time. Why didn't he go straight for his uncle, instead of going about in a melancholy way making long speeches. Besides, there's that ghost—nobody believes in ghosts nowadays, and if the ojd spectre hadn't turned up Hamlet wouldn't have known that his father had been poisoned. Then he kills Polonius, drives Ophelia mad, sends Laertes to the angels, and plays up general bobsidine before he shuffles off himself. There's too much blood about « Hamlet' for me." " Perhaps you would like a song and dance introduced." " No sir, I would not," he returned quite warmly. " I trust I appreciate the'fitness of things, and I don't want to see Hamlet doing a double shuffle. But the whole lot of the characters appear to be more or less balmy, and I don't think Elsinore could have been a nice place to live in. I suppose it's because I'm frivolous-minded, but I do like to get a bit of a laugh when I go to the theatre. Now the only down right grin I got over 4 Hamlet' was when Ophelia's coffin was found to be too large to go into the grave. And that isn't what I call a legitimate laugh." "Very well, William, it is open for you to see the Oat King." " Which I probably shall do, sir, in spite of the sneer conveyed in your suggestion. I know a lot of people who will go to see 4 Hamlet' out and say it is splendid, and sublime, and all the rest of it, yet half the time they are yawning behind their handker chiefs. There are others who take Shakespeare with them to the theatre and follow the play by the book, turn ing over the leaves and making them selves a general nuisance. Then again there are a lot of wisacres who lead off the applause after the soliloquy and other well-known lines. Confound it, sir, I can't be a hypocrite, and I don't pretend to be pleased when I am only bored." " Well, you are at least honest, and while I yield to none in my admiration of the immortal bard, I know there are plenty of people who patronise Shake speare because they want to be thought intellectual, and would far sooner wit ness 4 Ten Nights in a Bar-room.' The same set went to Sara Bernhardt, al though they did not understand a syllable of French. We are all cheats And humbugs. If we are not acting the lie in one way we are in another." 44 True for you, sir. Well, sir, what is to be the next sensation ? " 44 The election for the Federal Con vention, I suppose ?" 44 Oh, I don't call that a sensation. It'll be a tame sort of affair. What I meant is, who is going to break the next record ? " cc it " What record ? " "Oh, any record; it doesn't matter what it is. Every man now-a-days feels that he must burst a record before he dies, and he tries to do it. Look at Kingston. He's on the job about the length of time of holding a premier ship, only Sir John Forrest is more than two years ahead of him." " Anyone else ? " " Well, there's Charlie Tucker." " And what record is he breaking?" " Breaking ? He's broken it. I should think that a man who was direc tor of forty gold mining companies just about took the cake. How he gets through his work beats me." " Perhap3 his work gets through him." "Ha, ha, ha. But that reminds me of poor George Ash. He started to break the record of hard work, but he found that he had undertaken too big a contract. I only hope that the Ash Memorial Fund will be a success." Any more record breakers?" Well, we might include the Wes ley an Conference, I suppose. They've carried a motion in favor of Methodist Unity by a large majority." " But I shouldn't call that a record until unity is an accomplished fact." How long do you expect to live, sir? They'll be spoon-feeding you when that nnity comes off. Then there's Dr. Cockburn. He's going to break a record with his Produce Department." " You mean by starting restaurants in London—Full and Plenties, three courses a shilling. Menu strictly Aus tralian. Kangaroo tail soup, thick steak, and a glass of Hardy's or Smith's wine, all for a shilling." " Don't laugh, sir. It may mean a big thing, only I don't quite see how it is to be carried out. The doctor wants to push Anstralian produce, but he will have some trouble if he is going into the restaurant business." " What I expect will be done will be this: Special arrangements will be made to supply cookshops with Austra lian goods, at a low figure. I can't imagine Tom Playford or Burney Young boding a restaurant. Tom would certainly do to look after the tomato department, but I am afraid he wouldn't know a grill from a fry." "It's all a bit vague, isn't it, sir? I expect the Doctor wanted something to fire off at the farmers of Willunga, and let out this restaurant business before he was quite ready. Anyhow I shall be curious to see what will be done. Talking of cookshops reminds me that the butchers of Home have gone on strike." " Yes, so I see by the cable. It's a singular case. But I don't think the action will prevent the people from eating horseflesh if they've a mind to do so." " It doesn't sound nice, sir—horse flesh. If South Australians were to follow in the wake of the Italians, what would Mr. Minchin's animals at the Zoo do ? They would have to be fed on prime rump steak at tenpence a pound. Now that the bicycle is so much decreasing the value of the horse it wouldn't surprise me to bear of the nanto being fattened up for the mar ket. I dare say the flesh is alright if you get used to it, particularly if it is smothered in gar he, as the Italians would serve it up. But I don't think there's any chance of our butchers going on strike." " How is that 1" " Well, they seem to be pretty com fortably off. It isn't often that you hear of a butcher failing in business. Why? Because the people will have meat. No wonder we've got livers like deal boards. We have meat three times a day, and we wash it down with the strongest tea we can procure." "Would you have us turn vegeta rians ?" " We might do worse than that. I believe I could live on potatoes, and I'm not an Irishman. Anyhow, we ought not to eat so much meat." " Then you would advocate a strike of the public as against the butchers?" " That would be putting up a record, eh ? I'm afraid it would give the ve getable growers a monopoly, and as I'm opposed to monopolies, I could not sanction such a proceeding." " Not even a monopoly of conversa tion ? " "No, sir. They tell me that Dr. Laith Napier is a great talker, but if he came out as a monopolist in the spouting business, I should have to oppose him." "With the tongue, I presume, Wil liam?" " That, I take it, is a hint that I've said quite enough for to-day. Very well, sir. I've done. Next Monday, perhaps, I may have some incidents of the elections to retail to you. Good morning, sir." 