THE VOTE OF CENSURE DEBATE. The only general conclusion to be drawn trom Mn r Lynes' vote of censure motion (writes our Sydney correspon dent), is that Parliament is in its second childhood, and that in view of the impending general election, it is im possible to take very seriously anything which may just now occur. As far as Mr Sydney Smith's action in regard to the Lucknow strike goes, it has been very generally condemned ; but it was a political mistake for the Leader of the Opposition to have made it the grounds for a vote of censure motion, for the action of the Minister was so evidently intended to placate the Labour party that it was absurd to ex pect labour members to make it a pretext for voting against the Govern ment. There never was the ghost of a chance of carrying this motion, and it was not even treated seriously by the Government, so that from the stand point of party tactics it can only be regarded as a blunder. Whatever may be said of Mr Lyne's ability as a parliamentary leader, he has frequently shown himself to be very deficient in tact and judgment. A good general never risks a battle without some fair prospect of success ; but in this case, whatever opinion may have been held as to the action of the Minister for Mines in regard to the Lucknow strike, even MAr Lyne, must have known that there was no prospect whatever of a vote of censure being carried, for whatever the personal feelings of the Labour Party, the mere fact of the question of salary and the near close of the session was sufficient to keep them true to the party in power. Mr Lyne's contention that the Government could not possibly obtain a dissolution evi dently had very little weight with tmem bers who are too well satisfied with their position and salaries to take an unnecessary risk. It gave some of them an opportunity to talk at the Govern ment a bit, but that was all. Unfortu nately, however, all this means waste of time, and each sitting of the House is said to cost ,the country a matter of £300. How many nights have been wasted during the present session it would be hard to say, certainly a very considerable number. One of the arguments against a triennial parlia ment was that it would take members twelve months to settle to their work, and twelve months to prepare for the following election. It certainly looks as though the present Parliament was inclined to spend its time in idle debate and recrimination, rather than in useful legislation. 