FEDERAL CONVENTION. SYDNEY, Monday, Sept. 20. (REUTER'S TELEGRAMS.) The Convention this morning resumed the discussion on the proposals for providing against deadlocks. Sir George Turnor said that he would be satisfied that Mr* Symoifs clausa that was oar* ried oh Friday should remain with tho addition of tho alternative for resort to tho referendum at tho option of the Government of tho day, Mr. McMillan thought tlutt eomo scheme should bo devised whereby that House should bo dissolved which had boon tho longest away from its constituencies. Mr. Alfred Donkin said he behoved that tho differences that arose between the .two Houses would be amicably settled in 99 cases out of 100, but ho believed that tho double dis solution would bo the most effective mentis of settling tho differences that did arise with referendum in case of need to secure finality. Mr, Fold said that ho could not conceive any method which would bo likely to give finality in caso of deadlocks, except that of both Houses sitting and voting together. Ho regarded tho dual referendum as a monstrous absurdity. Sir J. Downer said he thought that a dead lock was the safeguard of tho constitution, and ho believed that double dissolution would bo a farce, and that tho double referendum would bo a farce too. Ho hoped that tho amendment which had been carried would be adhered to. Mr. Simon Fraser said that he was not pre pared to go bade upon tho vote ho gave on Friday on this subject. Ho would rather sco federation lost than put in the constitution something which ho thought dangerous to tho liberties of tho people. Sir J. Forrest denied that Western Aus tralia was not anxious for federation. Ho said that his colony had made greotor sacrifices titan any other to be present, and would not have done so unless they were anxious to join. But unless moderate councils prevailed, Wes tern Australia would be unwilling to join. Ho hoped that tho Convention would bo satisfied i with what had boon carried at tho instance of ; Mr. Syirton. Mr. Carvuthers suggested that tho plan adopted should bo that if either House of Par liament in two consecutive, sessions of the satno Parliament pass a proposed law which tho other House fails to pass, tho Governor-General may dissolve both Houses, and if either House after a general election will not pass tho proposed law, then shall there be a full conference of the two Houses, in which conference a two- thirds’ majority shall bo necessary to pass tho pro posed law, provided that it shall bo lawful for a majority of conference to pass a resolution praying the Governor-General to refer the pro posed law to a general vote of the people of tho commonwealth. Mr. Kingston favored a national referendum, except in all cases whore a minority insisted on a referendum to tho States for protection of State rights. Tho power of demanding a national referendum ho would givo to one third of the House of Representatives, or to one-half of tho representatives of one-half of the States in tho House of Representatives. Mr. Wise said it was necessary to provide some means for allaying tho fears of tho popu lation of tho large colonics if that could bo done without a conflict with tho fundamental factors of tho Federal Union. Sir George Turner said ho thought that Mr. Kingston'had hit upon tho true solution. Ho could not realise how in any disputes that would occur in tho Federal Parliament there would bo pitting State against Slate. Ho could not accept tho proposal for a settlement by tho mooting of both Houses. Mr. Higgins considered that before tho Con vention adjourned it should come to a decision in favor of a double dissolution. Ho regretted that Sir George Turner bad abandoned the principle of the national referendum. Sir George Turner (interjecting): Wo would not have bad tho ghost of a shadow of a ohanco of carrying the national referendum. Mr. Higgins; Without the national referen dum you won’t have tho ghost of a shadow of a ohanco of carrying this bill. Mr. Barton said it had to bo remembered that I tho decision that would be come to would bo subject to review at tho Melbourne sitting. But it must bo regarded os tho decision that ani mated them. From such information as they bod up to tho present time ho considered tho proposal of Sir George Turner superior to Mr. Lyne’s. Tho constitution was sufficient with out any provision for deadlocks at all. But as there was a public demand, the Convention must comply with it. Ho thought Mr. Carruthor’s proposal deserved careful consideration and the idea of it might well bo utilised. Tho simpler tho scheme was made, tho better it would bo. * Mr. Lyno made a long and fiery protest against a vote being taken, because he said tho question was not thoroughly understood. The Convention agreed to strike out “if” from Mr. Lync’s amendment in order to allow Sir George Turner’s amendment to bo voted on. Tho Convention first divided on Mr. Wiso’s amendment to insert after the words House of Representatives in Sir Gqqrgo Turner’s amendment wqpdg providing that “ in tho first iqstqnco both Houses of Parliament may bo dissolved simultaneously, provided that the Senate shall bo dissolved within a period of six months immediately preceding tho date of tho expiry of the duration of the House of Repre sentatives.” For this amendment 25 voted and 20 against. ■ (Sir Gjcqrgp Turner and all tho Yiotbrians oxoopt Mr. Fraser voted with the majority.) On Sir Qoorgo Turner’s amendment, as amended by Mr. Wise, Mr. Lyno then proposed a now amopdmont for the insertion of-' words favoring tho submitting of n proposed law to a national referendum. The Convention divided —for Mr. Lync’s amendment, 38 against 10. Sir George Turner then proposed to add tho words, “by dual referendum.” Tho Convention divided—for tho insertion of the proposed words, 18 against 27. The words, “ to tho direct determination of tho people,” in Sir George Turner’s amend ment, were then struck out,and Mr. Camithors proposed tho filling up of the blanfc by words Eroviding for tho considering of a proposed law y tho members of tho two-Houses. Deliberating and voting together, and for the adoption or rejection of tho proposal according to tho de cision of a majority of three-fifths of tho mem bers present and voting on tho question. At this stage, so as to allow time to l\o Uvkou to consider the matter, progf-oss was reported. The Convention adjourned at midnight Sir Qoorgo Turner leaves to-morrow (Tuesday) for Melbourne. 