THE ENGLISH CRICKETERS. The early part of this week wit- nessed the arrival at Albany of Mr. STOD DAET'S team of English cricketers. [ Though they made a call at one of our ports, the eleven had to leave Western Australia behind a few hours later. That their second visit to us upon their return journey may be of longer duration is the sincere wish of all who are interested in the welfare of Western cricket. The members of the team themselves, until within a fortnight ago, were under the impression that the earliest matches of their tour were to be played in the Western colony. Letters received from them but a week or two since referred to the interest with which they were looking forward to a visit to what at present is one of the most interesting portions of Greater Britain, Unfortunately for us their own inclination in the ^matter has not been considered. The destiny which shapes their ends, in the form of Major WARDIIX, has decreed that their career of fortune shall not- begin, on West Australian soil. That the cricketing Cinderella of the colonies will ba altogether slighted, there is no certain grouud of fear. If she is not to be the team's first love she will doubtless have her innings when the charms of her more pushing sisters have bacome exhausted. Given the ! desire, admitted by themselves, of SxoDDAnT's team to play cricket in this colony it will possibly be the result of bad campaigning upon our part if their wishes are not fulfilled. Tho chanca of witnessing the per- formances of so brilliant a constella- tion of cricketers is too good to be lost. By hook or by crook we should seek to obtain so desirable an eud. The means by which we may secure our object are various. One is through ÍJÍB tegulár "netUpt^p^'^Hié ~ Melbourne and Sydney cricketing authorities. Up to the present time negotations in this direction have not met with any great measure of success. The West Australian Association's offer to Major WARDILL waB a guarantee of £600, and aa additional half of the receipts should that amount ba exceeded. This would not appear to be an ungenerous offer, but the Victorian Oliver Twist asks for more. Doubtless there are ways by which this guarantee might be in- creased. In view of the popularity of the visiting team and the immense "draw" which it would prove, our Association would not incur much risk by listening to the demands of the other colonies and increasing the sub- sidy somewhat. Nevertheless the Melbourne authorities should bi alive to the fact thatrljy asking too much from us they may lose all. Bound though the English teams are by their contracts already arranged, there is a limit to the time during which they are not their own masters, and the amateur portion of the eleven being anxious to see this colony, sufficient inducement could no doubt be offered to ensure also a visit from the pro- fessional element bf the team. It is rumoured in more than a whisper that the heavy expenses caused by the erection of new buildings on the Mel- bourne ground is responsible for the large demands made on us by Major WARDXLI* That trouble, however, is of Victorian and not of English or West Australian concern. And while our desire ie to secure the services of STODDAHT'S team through the Aus- tralian authorities if possible, the latter must pardon us if we try other expedients in the event of our first negotiations failing. % The step decided upon by the West Australian Association on Thursday, October 14, is certainly a move in the right direction. Two emissaries, members of the committee, proceeded on Tuesday to interview Mr. STOD DABT upon his arrival at Albany. Even were the English captain not already on our side, our representa- tives should experience but little difficulty in persuading him that; a visit of bis team to Perth should result in no loss and probably much pleasure to its members, wiii prove a source of great satisfaction to us, and be con- ducive to the best interests of cricket generally. The members of the com- mittee should also be able to dispel the ghost of typhoid, which, it is said, has been set up with other scarecrows to prevent the eleven from making a prolonged stay in Western Australia. They will be able to assure Mr. SXODDAET that his eleven need not be decimated by sickness. They will, moreover, be able to say with truth that the Perth Oval is one of the finest playing grounds in Australia. The former statement can be borne out by medical statistics and the latter assertion is one which Mr. F. G BEY SMITH-the president of the Melbourne Cricket Club-made him- self a few days ago, and will, doubt- less, be willing to repeat. In these circumstances, it will be as surprising as it will be disappointing if the English eleven do net make up their minds that their tour will be incom- plete unless it concludes with a West Australian trip. Should the delegates from our Association be success- ful in their interview, there will be no reason to regret that the team did not visit our shores at the beginning instead of at the end pf the season. For climatic reasons March will suit us much better than October. More- over, our grounds will have greatly improved during the interval and our cricketers will have timo to get into their best form. Our summer pastime has but begun, while tho Englishmen have only just finished their season. It is probable, also, that with the march of Mr. STODDAKX'S team, whether it be an all-victorious one or not, the interest in their doings will have increased to a high pitch. Satis- factory attendances, and consequently good takings at our gates, may there- fore be anticipated with more cer- tainty than would be the case were the English eleven to coma at once to Perth. The result of the negotiations which the West Australian delegates are empowered to enter into will ba watched with great interest. Doubt- less they can and will us9 forcible arguments towards a decision which all lovera of cricket in our colony trust will be a favourable one. Tba presence of many of the Euglisk, players' friends in Perth, the attraction of the Coolgardies, and the growing fame of the colony generally will prove additional, weighty points in what is already a very strong case. WEST AUSTBATGTAÍÍ. 