COMPLETE STORY. [PUBLISHED IJY SPECIAL AJUlANGEMEXT.l MY JOTEL ABVENTURE, L.UGY HARDY, . Author of "The Fellthorpc Ghost," Fatal Kiss," «S:c., See. [corYKIGIIT.] iftws mMP llEilS. ONLY objection is that I do not liko you girls stopping at an hotel without •Ye-es, spolce Aui istr-ru spoice Agatha, JU^pfk hesitating and doubtful voice, as one who by no f|fA weans accepted the Iadv named as a complete and £&;&vtVvJ;'btv\ sufficient substitute for herself. */#r. Dear Aunt Agatha. Ever siuce Fanny and I had come into her charge (motherless mites of six ami seven vearsold, sent to her by bc-r widowed brother, when his young wife wits suddenly taken from him in India), hc-r life had been rather like that of a hen with a brood of ducklings. Aunt Agatha was some twenty years older than my father. She was the eldest, and he the youngest, of a family of whom they two were now the only survivors: " and. passionately as she loved us, I think the arrival of two healthy, riotous children must have b en a somewhat disturbing element in the existence which the quiet old maid had led before we came. Like most persons unused to the charge of children, our auut was always, as she herself said, "nervous about usand I think Fanny and I must have possessed excep tionally strong constitutions to have survived the "care" lavished upon us in our early years—the dosings and the wrnppings-up, the stuffing and the starving, the cold baths and the flannel clothing, which various advisers recommended us " good for children," and which anxious Aunt Agatha practised upon us by turns. Probably her letters gave my father some inkling of the suite of affairs; for when I was eight, and Fanny nine, he wrote insist ing that wo should b^ sent to a well known ladies* boarding school. Here, among twenty-four other girls, we had the advantage of that " wholesome neglect" which we could never have enjoyed at home. Now, however, twelve years had rolled away since we were placed under Aliss Staines's care. "Wo had been "grown-up" girls for some while, "finished," and "introduced," and would, some years pre viously, have joined our father in India, but that, four years before my story commences, the parent whom we only knew by his letters was laid to rest in the distant graveyard "on the hills," where our mother was sleeping already with our baby brother ou her breast. We were " all she had now," Aunt Agatha was wont to say tearfully, and she was even I more " anxious" about us than ever. ■iCuch as we loved the kindly unselfish old lady, Fanny and I had many a good laugh (sometimes, I am ashamed to say, many a grumble) over her "care." Now I am older and loneliei I often look hack on those hv gimedays, an I wish I had anyone now .-urviving who loved me well enough even to "fidget" about me as Aunt Agatha did some thirty odd years ago. If cur hculth hud been her chief cause for anxiety in our childhood, our moral well being whs occasion for even greater concern (o Aunt Agatha in our early womanhood Her kindly heart was perpetually torn between a desire to grant us every possible indulgence, procure us every possible pleasure, and yet preserve us front becoming "vain," or *' frivolous/' or " pleasure-seek - from "tak'ng a chill," "over-fatiguing ourselves," &c.;—all dangers which lie in the primrose path which leads to picnics, and dances, and other amusements of youth. I am bound to say that all Aunt Agatha's tremors seldom actually deprived us of our enjoyments, her strong desire to see us happy usually carrying the day against her pru dential scruples, not to speak of Fanny's dominating influence. For Fanny, like many other flaxen-haired, meek-looking maidens, was in truth an ''esprit forte and in the quietest way turned everyone j round her little finger. So when I heard i Fanny enter into the lists to champion our j proposed expedition, I felt confiueut that it would take place in spite of Aunt Agatha's objections. Mrs. Simpson was one of my father's Indian friends—a good-hutuourcd and fairly well-to-do widow of about fifty. She was a great traveller; slio said she had moved about so much all her married life in the Fast that she had lost the power of settling down in one place; and at least once a year site paid a brief visit to Clovcvmend, the quiet country town where we resided. "You are all so deliriously dull and sleepy here," dears, it is an absolute rest to stay a week or two iu this drowsy utmosiihcve," Mrs. Simp.sou would*remark to us; though she never breathed such heresies to Aunt Agatha. Indeed Mrs, Simpson always visited us when we considered our town was in a whirl of gaiety; with the assize ball in view (sleepy as we were we hud the dignity of the assizes) and a good . deal-*- of mild gajety in the way of picnics and. river ex peditions going on. Mrs. JSimpsgn knew some of our local notables, and was invited to all our festivities. This was an adyShtagc to" us, as she generally persuaded Aunt Agatha to let her officiate as our chaperon; an arrangement agreeable to Aunt Agatha, who could enjoy a peaceful evening at home instead of nodding wearily as a " wallflower" at u dance, .and infinitely preferable to.us, Mrs. Simpson holding large views about the amount of enjoyment requisite for girls, and never hurrying us away from a pleasant dance, or worrying about our " taking cold" on a water excursion. But now arose a question of greater moment than the care of two giddy girls for an afternoon or evening only. Mrs. Simpson wanted to have us for a week away from Clovermead, and, more daring still, a week at an hotel. The good-natured little widow was going to spend a fortnight at a fashiouahle watering-place where a grand public ball was about to he held. She had iuvitcd two favourite iiicecs to come with her—indeed, she had arranged the whole expedition purely on their behalf—and now, at the last moment, when the rooms at the hotel were aetu.iUy engaged and tbe tickets for the ball taken, one unlucky niece was seized with measles and the other would not leave her. In the kindness of her heart Mrs. Simpson wrote to offer us the pleasure she had arranged to give her own young relatives: hut Aunt A;rutha hesitated about granting leave to ai£ept the invitation. '• In my young days ladies did not stop at hotels unaccompanied by gentlemen." " 15ut your young days were it long- time (Fanny had the knack of saying rude things iu the mildest and sweetest of voices), u and, if tluit were all, I daresay Mrs. Simpson could find some gentleman to join the party." •'Frances!" cried Aunt Agatha, in atone of horror; and I begau to tremble for our expedition, aud even Fanny felt .-he had gone rather too far when called "France-," -so she mended her phrase with '' X mean, of cour-e, some old gentleman—or a married man and his wife." "Mrs. Simpson is as good as a man her self," I put in, "and has travelled all over the world and staved at numbers of hotels. Aud, besides." a bright idea striking me, " Carrie and Idly Trevelliau were going to stay with Mrs. Simpson at the hotel. You know how particular Colonel Trevelliau is; lie wuuld never allow his daughters to do anything unusual or 'fa-t.J " This was true. Aunt Agatha acknow ledged, and I saw the consideration of Colonel Treveliian's sanction had weight: and when our cause was backed up by a visit from Mrs. Simpson in person 1 knew our expedition was secured. Aunt Agatha sighed and hesitated and worried, but was not proof against Mrs. Simpson and Fanny anChsv secret desire to give her darlings pleasure. " I shall be very, very glad ho see you safe back again," she said, solemnly, as she parted from us at the -ration. "And I do hope vou wili have no disagreeable adventures while voa are away." "What 'adventures* do<?« the dear old lady expect will befall you laughed Mrs. Simpson, into whose charge Aunt Agatha had auxiouily consigned us: "butmind now, you girls, no catching cold. I shall never hear the end of it if vou come back with a sneeze or a cough. iW* remember, 3ti-s Faunv, no going out on balconies after a dance, as you did at the Morris's party with Captain Graham." " I had my cloak on," said Fanny, blush ing hotly ; £ and it was only for a few moments, ju-t while Captain Graham showed me where Orion's belt was in the sky." "Yes, my love,*' -aid Mrs. Simpson serenely. " I kuow a great many girl- have gone out on balconies to see the stars ; you uced no: blush about it. Only, the evenings are- cold new, and even in a cloak, twenty minifies is a longtime ;o stay in tJio ugen air alter a waltz," and Mrs. Simpson buried 11 era elf in her railway novel, while peer Fanny blushed redder than ever. Only girls who have led as quiet a life as ours can understand what a plunge into the great world it seemed when we urrived at the large bustling hotel, our first experience of such a halting place. The long corridors of apartments seemed bewildering to oar unac customed eyes, but Mrs. Simpson bustled along with the aplomb of an old traveller, criticising the rooms and giving orders to her There is your bedroom, dears,'' she said. 41 next but one to the staircase you see; and initio only two doors oft'. Moxou (her maid) is overhead, and X have ougaged a private sitting-room downstairs. I wanted to have all our rooms en suite, but the ball lias filled up the hotel, and I had to take what I could get, but all our bedrooms are comfortable." Ours at least, appeared luxurious to our unsophisticated eyes, aud we rejoiced at the prospect of making our ball toilettes with the unaccustomed aid of large cheval glasses and candles fixed to the mirrors, uoc to speak of the unwonted indulgence of a blazing fire in the grate. "VYe thoroughly enjoyed the dinner in the coffee-room (such a now experi ence to us to dine amid a crowd of strangers), and the evening passed pleasantly in the snug private sitting-room, where Fanny, who was very musical," played and sang to our kind hostess. " And now girls, I shall scud you off to bed," said Mrs. Simpson, as the clock struck ton, " for I want you to have all your tw« at the hall to-morrow. You remember the number of your bedroom." "01k yes," ^<1 Fanny, ccnfidently J "besides I should always know it by its being so close to the staircase," and we found our way back readily enough. Fanny, who was tired, was quickly ensconced in bed, but 1 lingered over the fire, toasting one foot aftet the other, and enjoying my new .surroundings. " Agne*^" said inv sister, suddenly sitting tip in*-bed. "did you bifng up my music portfolio , . "No, I thought you had." y "Then it's left downstairs," "said Fanny, excitedly, "and it trfay be lost; and there is that MS piece of music which Mr. Rigby lent me to copy on my solemn promise that I would take care of it. It's his last com position, and he means to sell it for a large " Mr. Rigby is always meaning to sell his musical compositions," I remarked somewhat disrespectfully, for I did not share Fanny's profeised admiration for our local organist (her music teacher), with whom my sister had long carried ou one of her many demure flirtations. "Well, I can't let that portfolio be about downstairs," replied Fanny, sinking back on her pillows. "Agnes, you have not be gun to undress yet—you must fetch it." I demurred at first, but nobody ever succeeded in withstanding Fanny. With some trepidation at traversing alone what seemed ^to me like a gigantic bee- hive, I threaded my way by passages and staircases until f found the sitting- room where Mrs. Simpson was still drowsily readhg her novel, repossessed myself of the portfolio, and retraced my steps ue<lwards. As I ran up the staircase I remembered that I had not noticed the number 011 our bedroom door; but I \v:la sure of the positiou of the room, close to the stairs, and I also recollected that, out side the next door to ours, was a pair of boots. I was too inexperienced a traveller to know that this landmark is but a misleading one at anv hotel. Yes, there were the boots, this our door, unci I opened it confidently, but hud scarcely entered the apartment before I saw I had made a mi-dake. The bedchamber was fur nished ranch like the one we occupied, and a cheerful fire burned in the gyrate: but our room had not a tall, curtained shower-bath standing in one corner, nor half-opened portmanteaux lying about the room. I hastily turned to retreat, when oh, horror 2 X heard a step—a man's —on the threshold. It is a universally accepted maxim that hasty actions are always foolish ones. In ray fluny I did about the silliest tiling I could under the circumstances. Instead of turning to face the entrant of the apartment aud explain my accidental intrusion, I yielded to the wild desire to conceal myself, aud dashed behind the curtains of the shower bath. In another moment mv retreat was cut off. A gentleman, who had apparently lingered outside lor a moment to kick off his boots (as he entered in his stocking feet), came in with an easr air of ownership and—locked the doer behind him ! Hero was a plca-aul predicament tor mcv. By riie llifht of the candle which riie stranger carried I now fully perceived that this was quire a different room to ours ; and then tho thought flashed across me that I had ascended more srairs than I had descended; had, in fact, entered ;ra apartment a floor too high. Oh 2 to sink through the 11 coring to our own rightful chamber, where, just under my feet. Fanny was trauquilly sleeping. I have gone through some trying experiences in my life time, hut I think I never passed a more •• inauvais quart d'heure " than I eudured in that shower-bath. The young man whose apartment I had thus unceremoniously invaded was not appar ently m any hurry to go to beu. He poked the fire and made himself comfortable by discarding his coat for an elaborate dressing gown, put on. his slippers, aud sat down before the gr.ito. while i he'd my breath and shivered behind' the bath curtains. What had I better del- Wait until the stranger was in bed a*:ti then slip nut in the darknos, or reveal myself, and trust to his accepting my explanation of :nv mistake? But suppose he declined to ih» this: suppose he snspevted me of having concealed myself iu unothcr person's room tor dishonest purposes, and accused me of attempted larceny of his possessions ; or supposing ho talked of the matter—said that he had l'ouud a young lady hidden in his room. I turned faint and sick at the awful possi bilities my imagination conjured up. Fanny and I had been assiduous clandestine peruaeis oi novels, and my ideas of the world hud been chiefly formed from these teachers. Suppose now that 1 revealed myself, and that this gentleman was apparently all urbanity and kindness, and promised to keep my mistake for ever a secret, was it nut more than prob able that he would later ou u unmask him self into the typical villain of fiction, and (by the force of my guilty secret) either oblige mo to marry him wlion T was in love with someone else, or " haunt my path " when I was happily married, and extract money from me, and make my existence a burden, and ovou drive mo to the extremity of push ing hiiu down a well, or giving him poison, in order to free myself from his persecutions ? •Such incidents were very familiar to me from my course of novel reading. Did the man look like a person capable of such acts? I cautiously peeped at him through my curtains. He was young anu good-looking^. I decided that he had 14 an air of dissipation" about him, and was quite capable of playiug the traditional role of the villain in the novel. I have since come to the conclusion that this judgment was alike unfounded and uncharitable; but I should have dubbed the Archbishop of Canterbury as a probable roue uuder similar circumstances. And nil tliis time " the wretch," as I iudig nantly called him in my heart, sat- toasting himself before the tire, in snug and uncon scious serenity, while 1 trembled and agon ised a few feet awav. What would Aunt Agatha say if this dreadful stoiy ever came to her ears? Had not her forebodings about "an adventure" been too prophetic:. With a guilty thrill I remembered how I had once heard my kind old relative, discussing her nieces with un old • crony, remark, " Fanny is the prettier and . the cleverer of tlifijwo, but- she is "fust a.trifle giddy ;• now Agnes is so-steady 1 can trust her anywbcte.V. . A uice.advcntule the "steady " niece had got info now. I was beginning to form a wild hope that the owner of the apartment might prove, despite my had opinion of bis character, to-be an individual of pious habits. If he would only kneel down to say his ' prayers by the bedside, I might make a dash' for the door while be was thusengaged. But, alas, lie showed no sign of thus devoutly em ploying' himself. On the contrary, he rose at length from his chair, rolled up a cigarette, and sat down to smoke it, leaning' towards the chimney, I suppose to prevent. the smell of tobacco being observed in the corridor. Hatters now began to approach their climax. I have always possessed what Aunt Agatha called "a sensitive throat;" a very little matter sufficed to irritate my larynx and get me coughing. Tobacco smoke invariably thus affected m°, and when I saw the cigarette lighted I gave myself up to despair. Vainly did I cram my haiulke:chief into my mouth ; the irritating, pungent vapour soon affected me; a cough was simply irrepres sible—"Ugh! Ugh!" "Hullo !" cried the young man. jumping tip abruptly, "who's there:" It is needless to say I did not inform him. I stuffed more of my handkerchief into my mouth, but still came a stifled and choked "Ugh!" The gentleman seized the poker and ad rati ed to whence the sounds proceeded. •• Come out there, I say." I shrank further. There was a moment's paus«\ It has struck me since that the yonug mar. was di jreeily hesitating whether he .should call for assistance, or rrrapple single- handed with the supposed burglar : but a louder cough (I was nearly sufforarcd now} apparently decided him. Brandishing the poker, he tore aside 1 the curtains which shrouded my place of con cealment. A sudden inspiration came to me. Springing out of the bath, I jerked the string, ami a deluge of cold water descended upon my pursuer's head and arm. which he had thrust forward under the bath eunojiy. 1 heard some words—well, not devout ones— but my ruse had succeeded. Before the young' man Ij:iu recovered his breath, I had dashed to the door, unlocked it, and made good my escape. Tam o* Shunter, pursued bv the witches, did not scatnrcr faster than 1 did Jibing the t orridor and down the staircase, until I reached the haven of my own room, where I electrified Fanny by my ahrup* entrance and subsequent fit of hysterics. It was some minutes before she '* brought me round." as she phrased it. by copious libations of cold wafer, and scute shaking- j and scoldings. All the hotel seemed now astir—fcells rang, footsteps echoed along the passages, voices were beard in inquiry and argument. I thought it somewhat unfeeling of Fauny, when she had learned my story, to go into such fit- of laughter that I fancied she would be the next hysterical patient. "Oh, Agues, you great, great goose," she crioh amid her merriment, ami she fairly rolled among the pillows in fresh accessions of laughter. " I am glad von find my adventure so nirra-itig,"" 1 remarked rather stiffly. "I, don't know if Mrs. Simpson will think it equally funny." "She must never know a word about it," ^aid Fanny, sobered at once and sitting up in bed; "now remember that, Agnc-s. It is unfortunate that you can't be trusted to take care of yourself, but you need not make the thing worst* b}* talking about ic. Why, Mrs. Simpson might be afraid oi keeping you at the hotel; a girl who can't fiud her own way to her bedroom." And here Fanny began to giggle. I am afraid she was paying off old -cores, reniem- | Bering the occasions on which ray " steadi ness " and "di-cretion " had been held up to her as an example. A knock came at the door, and Mosoii, Mrs. Simpson's maid. I entered. "Missus s nds her love, young ladies, and bids me remind you that it*.- always right to lock your bedroom door at night in an hotel. That's all m:.->us*s message: bat there," cried Moxon. giving way to emotion, "yott may just as well know ali the truth, though mi.-sus did say, 'Don't frighten the young ladies by telling them.' But the truth i miss," turning to me, " there's a burglar. : armed burglar, rampaging about the hotel this night, and no one knows where he's hid his.-elt. A young gentleman on the floor above found him crouched in his shower bath, of all places, ami tried to drag him out. but the ruffian he fought desperate and broke away, and no one's caught him ; so lock }-our door, dear young ladies, if you don't want your throats cut before morning." A gurgling sound proceeded from the bed. I knew Fanny was trying to stifle her laughter un ler the bedclothes. "Don't take on so,-Miss Fanny," said Moxoii, encouragingly. "I've come to .-aj I'll stay ali night to keep you company, can lie quite comfortable on the sofa with : blanket." " Oh. yon needn't do that,*' I replied, and Fanny chimed in, " we shall uo very well, thank }-ou." "Then, young Indies," said Sfoxon dc fperately, "if you don't want me to stay for your >akes, I'd like, bogging your pardon, to \- stay for my own. I daren't lie nlon • in a \- * room to-night, and that's the truth. If the burglar comes in here, he can't kill us ail ' three at once, and while he cuts one of our throat*. the other* can -creech out for help.. But if I'm all al'.ne I "But bow about ITrs. Simpson, Moxon," ti(i Fanny. "Missus wouldn't have ine with her," said the Abigail, in an injured tone. "I went to her first, as in duty bound. But she ouly laughs,...and tells me of the dangers she i ran in"'India—more reason not to' 'tempt! 'Providence again now Irin thinking; but anyway-it's missus's own free choice to be! left tp the burglar. Now youug ladies, life ! isswbet to inc, and I've a father and mother to think of." "Stay by all means then," said Fanny;1 and I hope, when the burglar begins to cut our throats, he will take mine last." I am afraid poor Moxou passed a rather restless night, and I know she afterwards wondered that wc could "sleep so uncon jcmed." Mrs. Simpson'made light of the burglar story when she met us in the morning, pro bably ;mxious not to alarm us ; but I had the opportunity of hearing the adventure de scribed by an eye-witness. Not being a man, I can never sit on a jury, but with the experience of my hotel adventure ; ray memory, I should always be very cautious of crediting a witness's identifica tion of an individual whom he has ouly seen . for a moment under circumstances of excite- j ment. « At the table next to ours in the coffee room were seated three ladies, who were j afterwards joined by the very young: .•hose countenance I had had such full opportunity of studying on the pre1 night. From their after conversation gathered that the party were acquaintances who had accidentally met at the hotel, though : I fancy one of the young ladies—and her mother—were anxious to ripen this acquaint ance with the gentleman into a much closer ■unneotion. Viewed dispassionately, in the light of day, the hero of my adventure was a quiet-looking youth enough, though probably more blest with money than brains. Tim ladies began plying him with sympathetic in ijuincs about 44 thy burglar." 44 Aw. to» ; fact is that I found the fellow in my shower-btth." responded the ycung nun. 44 Manager of hotel makes light of it, of course: says it must have been « practical joke, if it wasn't my fancy altogether : : that all the outer doors were safe, porter in hali. and all that, servants quite trustworthy ; but I actually saw the fellow." 44 And struggled with him," sighed on Wei!, not e.vactlv," admitted the youth, with a candour for which I respected him, 44you see lie played such a shabby tri pulled the .string of the shower-bath and dowsed me with cold watc-r. Before I could get my breath he had bolted." '•What was he like?" inquired one of the listeners with deep interest; 44 would you know him again ?" '• Well. I can hardly say. He was a tall, ruftianly-lcoking fellow, with d;irk hair. I don't think he had a heard "—r certuiuly had not—44 hut I runomber a life-preserver * loaded stick in his hand. I could swea that." Fanny's black music portfolio, tied i roll, had evfdcntly caught his oy<». 44 And the manager does not believe that there was a burglar at all r" 41 Yt ell, to tell the truth, I don't think he does. He's civil enough, but I am sure fancies I fell asleep over the fire, woke up thinking there was some one in the room, and pulled the string of the bath myself in a flurry. However. I know what I saw." I dared not look at Fanny while this recital was in progress but wc did not betray o selves. The alarm gradually died down, and I fancy the manager succeeded in impressing his own view of the matter cn most of the hotel visitors ; anyway no one was troubled bv a second visit from ihe "tall, ruffianly fellow with dark hair." I bore the burden of my secret until the day before our departure, and then made n clean breast of it to Mrs. Sfmpson, Funny yielding a grudging consent. '•You are so very silly, Agnes," she was kind enough to remark, "that if you don't tell Mrs. Simpson you are pretty sure to let it all out to Aunt Agatha, and then " Mrs. Simpson looked a little grave at first, but ended in laughing at my confession. '•'All's well that ends well,'" she re marked, "but it might have proved an awkward predicament. I am thankful you escaped without being recognised. However. I shall be careful about taking inexperienced young ladies to hotels again ; I ought to have made sure that you knew the number of your room, and would be particular about finding it. Yes, mv dear, I agree with Fanny, it would not be well to tell aunt about this little jidventnrc, it would only worry her " " And make her worry us." said undutiful Fanny. But Mrs. Simpson said gravely. "Ah, you girls don't understand; it might have proved no laughing matter." So the " mystery " remained unexplained, and I am afraid the poor young man whose room I had invaded rested, in the eyes of the manager and the hotel guests, under the un just imputation of having "fancied" the presence of a stranger in his bedroom, per haps of having indulged this fancy after dining and drinking "not wisely, but too well." Many years have floated by since that eventful evening. Kind Mrs. Simpson and gentle Aunt Agatha are at rest under the daisies. Fanny is a grandmother, and my own life has not been an uneventful one. I am an old traveller and hotel hahituee now. but I never sojourn at one of these pla<es and glance at the number of my bedroom door but I think of the "adventure" which befell me in my girlhood, on the occasion of inv first visit U» an hotel. There were scarcely any railroads in Canada when'the Queen cntne to the throne. S'off theie are 16.0UU miles of line. 