THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Cuition.-i stories tiro lolil about tho powers possessed liy corliiia nauves of India, who live up among the Hiiunlaya moiuituiiis Tlioso olil men, it is said, have devoted scores 01 years to;thc stuny 01 natural Inws aud I'orcos, which tlio rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor viHilqd the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are cnllcd, for the purpose of finding oat the secret of their roiiinrknhlo performances. Tlioy treated him miller scurvily, lint inloroatoil him all tho sninc. One day tho professor wauled to examine same aneieiit Sanskrit manuscripts. An ndcpl; went with him to the rave wherein the hooks wcro kept. Tho place was dark as the bottom nl'n well. "I can't sec lo read here," said tho visitor. "Then wo will liavo somo light," was the reply, uud immediately (tlio profossor says) a soft, pearly light brightoncil tho cave. Ho emild not loll whaiicc it (-1111111, lint lie noticed t hat it liad 0110 strange quality — it rttJ not tltesiiijhtrs! Hfitttino), This a story hard to believe, yiil ils truth is stUrinod by n man of vast learn ing and high character,, nnd you who now rend it have 110 reason for doubt ex cept thatull tlio lights . //oh have socn have east shadows. Ilnliof or unbelief commonly rims parallel witli one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at tlio accuiiui' ui liiu 1 ,i-J non i-iii-Luqiinae, yci credited tlio talc of tlie Cock Lauc ghost. A mull who lias been ill for years, and failed lo Had a cure, is sceptical wlicn friends toll him him of 11 medicine which tlioy bolicvo will niakc him well.' What else hut doubt could result from . his ex- IHiricnco 1 Tako an oxninple : — "In tlio spring of 1888." writes our correspondent, " I felt in a low, weak, and languid state. L lull low spirited anil out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged' my npputito poor, mid after eating hud pain and weight at the chest, i was much troubled witli xvind, and frequently spat lip a sour llaid, nnd hitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness anil great depression of spirits, I kept up witli my worli, hut always Imd a sense of discomfort. Off and on 1 continued iu this wuv fur two years, nothing Hint I took relieving 1110. At last I heard of Motlmr Soigcl's Syrup, ami procured a supply. After 1 liad only taken a fow (loses I fcunil relief ; my food digested, mid gradually ali ' ucrvoiisiit-HH loft me. Although 1 liad no rousnn to feci any confidence' in this medicine, never having used ii or soon it used, I now gladly admit its x-alue, and its power ovor disease. Since my recovary, for which I thank 'Mother Soigol's Cam- alive Syrup, I liavo been ill tlio best of health and spirits. In the. interests of suffering Immunity I doom it a duty to solid you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor, and outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a dcul of dill'ermico between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about tlio light that east 110 shadow. The lattor may be. true enough, bill it cannot by vqrified without more trouble than it is worth.) On flic othor hand wo have a trustworthy witness, who will auswor letters of inquiry, ami can ho found at his address. Finally, tiiero is nothing mystic or magical iiiMothorScigel's Curative Syrup; It acts en tho theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease— indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures tlint, nnd throws the light of health and happiness over hearts nnd homes wherp illness and pain had cast suoli dark ' iuiiL terrifybigj shadows. "And this is why (people holievo all that is told of its success by oagor witnesses. 