Tlie Phantom Voice. A STRANGE CASE IN A PENNSYL- VANIA COURT. Silting on the verandah of his summer residence by an inland lake in Michigan, surrounded by his family and gnosis, the venerable Judge Wattles told the strangest story of his professional career. • Immediately following my admission t.> the bar," he said, "I w.-*s made prosecuting attorney, accepting the honor as :i deserved tribute to my superior abilities. But you must bear in mind that this was a good many years ago, in a little valley town of Pennsylvania, where we were hemmed in by the mountains raid had few with whom to compare in the matter of intelligence or attainments. "In the criminal annals of the county tiier,- were the evidences of a well-disposed community, and it came as a siartJmg sensation when Farmer .Tenkins, driving home- late one night, was beaten to insensibility and robbed of a large sum of money. Here was work for me and I went at it with the zeal of an ambitious beginner. Jenkins insisted that he would be able to identify his assalimit, seen iu the dim moonlight that sifted through the trees, describing him a tall, well-dressed young man wiili a dark moustache, and an angry red scar across his left- elieek. 1 •• Why, I seed thrit air critter, declined Constable Joe Huskey. 'I kim on him sudden like yisterday when I was fisliin' at Punkey Holler crick. Th' fellar war in swimmin' an' tole me he" war just outen the city fur a lettle recreation. I'd know him 'mongst a thousand "By employing competent assistance from Philadelphia,we ran down our man, Jenkins --aid Huskey both recognising him at sight. A few days after the ai rest and while I was working on the ease, a handsome, matroply appearin -.man walked into the office, introducg herself as the mother of the prisoner, who had given the name of Harry Win ter. She bore the unmistakable marks of refinement, and in a brief statement ; punctuated by-convulsing sobs, assured me tihat a terrible mistake had been made. Harry was her son, her only sup port, and she a-widow- He was the soul of honor, and had never given - her an hour's anxiety. He was with lier the night of the assault and robbery. They had walked for an hour In the evening after which he read to her, going to his room at 11. It was a physical .-is well as :x moral impossibility for. -him - to have done the great wrong laid at hi door. .Her story greatly impressed me, but there was the positive identification by Jenkins and the constable. "Less than a week later I had another caller: a w^ell-dressed man, who walked with .-x limp, and who said he had been subpoenaed by the defence to show Winter's goo-3 reputation/ But nothing could have surprised him more, for he knew the accused to have a damning record. He declared that he had a full confession of that very crime from 'the prisoner, who had relied upon-the cripple as a loyal friend, simply because they had met occasionally at the mother's house. This swept away the doubts that she had created, convincing me that her clinging love had overcome her regard for the truth. I gained a promise from, the cripple tihat he would say nothing- till called to the. stand by the other side! "When the prosecution had made its case at t,he trial I was entirely satisfied. Just after Jenkins and Huskey had sworn point blank, as I, knew they would, word reached me that there was a private detective in the court room who wanted Winter for a crime committed iu New York. This was help from an unexpected source, and I soon had it before the jury that the ugly scar on Winter's cheek was made by a man defending his home against burglars. There was not a weak link in the chain of evidence that had been coiled about him: 'On his behalf the testimony of the weeping mother made a dee]) impression, but I was confident that the spell she luid put upon the twelve men sitting in judgment would yield to the cool deliberations of the jury room. After seve ral unknown witnesses had given testimony tending to show that Winter had led a reputable life, the man who had called upon me limped to the stand, and I must confess that I rejoiced at the anticipated confusion of the defence. liut there was a most unaccountable intervention. No sooner was the oath administered to the witness than a voice from overhead solemnly warned liirri to remember that he had made saCred promise before his Maker to tell nothing but the truth. The prisoner dropped heavily into his chair, the jurymen went wlfite as ghosts, and the judge cast a troubled look about tlie ceiling as if to detect the bold offender. 'Order in the court' was gruffly demanded and the case proceeded. The first material question asked was as to the character of the prisoner, and thrtt same phantom voice, this time from t|he rear of the judge, called the collapsed witness by name, and said, in measured tones: •Remember that the pains and penalties of perjury are riot inflicted in this world alone, but are imposed through all eternity.' "The court whirled .-aid gasped with a •terror that his pride sought vainly to conceal. An unknown dread was upon me and the jurymen were stricken with fright. Hard-headed and practical old farmers as they were, ihe superstition that had lain dormant and dying through generations was quickened into life. But it was the witness who cringed and stared as though in the presence of death. He admitted a bitter enmity -toward the prisoner whose liberty he had meant to swear away, though called in his behalf, and wound up by not only swearing that Winter was a model young man. but that he was seen walking with his mother by the witness on the night in question. "I felt ihe ground slipping from under me. but the dramatic climax was yet to come. From an open door into one of the small adjacent rooms hurried an excited man. with striking features and blazing eyes. He rushed to the prisoner, embracing him as a father might have done, and then demanded, rather than requested, that his evidence might b taken. It was to the effect that he had been a captain in the Mexican war. that Winter, then a mere boy. was ad mer whom the captain loved as a father: that when he was shot lrom his horse in a charge the boy g"allantly f.-itiE-ht bac-k the murderous Mexicans •.'.11 =tr-:.n=T-r asslstsnc-e could -•01T1C-. and that there he had received the wanna which ler'i such a ghastly scar. The impetuous witness even got in a statement that there* must be some vile conspiracy against Winter, avid wanted to confront the private detective. But. he had disappeared. The jury acquitted without retiring, and T thought their verdict a righteous on'-. ••"On:-! c-vinc. some years Ift'-r. when South on business, T found time heavy on my hand and dropped into a place of amusement. I was indifferently Interested until thai voice of ihe court room. which still haunted my memory, came from an upper corner of the hall. I felt like running, but, turning to the stage. I saw my hero of the Mexican war- Ha tipped me a recognition, and later went with me to the. hotel.. . T;here under pledge of secrecy, he gave me the inside facts of that mysterious trial. "The alleged mother, tlie alleged de- the alleged captain, the cripplsand Winter were all members of a shrewd gang of crooks operating in the east. Winter had committed the rofoberv. and his pals had put up the elaborate scheme which saved him. They enjo ved manv a laugh over the manner in which they had 'done' the 'Rubes* up ia my county. Winter was then doing a. life sentence. The 'mother' was dead, the 'detective' fled the country, and; the cripple went with him. The 'captain* was one of the best ventriloquists of the day. and had become a 'professor,' who made an honest living. It was his voice, thrown at will, that left us simple Pennsylvania folks thinking that, we had en-, countered the supernatural." 