\ want of employment and RtllftlBS To tho Editor of "Tho Herald." Sir,— Could Uiero be anything raoro sail.thnn to read ot young men committing suicide, and not more than 30 years of age, through. want of employment, yet two such cases arc reported In ono day's nauer alone, dosnomlent. in (11 health, out of work, friendless, homeless In a professing Christian land; yes, such Is the condition of hundrods'of young men in Mel bourne to-day. Why don't they go up country, say some. Let those who talk that way pack up aud try ' tho country. A man can swag it hundreds of miles across couutry : do what he wilt ho cannot get work. I can vouch for IL Decent,' straightforward, willing ynuug men who go ou to a village settlement; clear tho land. Welt, what can you earn at that? Food and shelter, and a fow shillings a week. You sec uothlng old ago and nlcknoss. Sotno steps should bo taken by tho Government to glvo young men land that they can clear and cultivate, and build a homo of their own upon, and thus scttlu down upon it. Yes, and 1 would say let the Government help them with seed, and the ne cessary Implements for the first year. There aro about 700 or £00 bootmakers In Melboumo out of work; unemployed clerks, book-keep ers, drapers, grocers, and furniture house employes arc idle by the hundred; and not a ghost of a chanco of work to do for months.' and your warehouses nro 'putting on all boys; your retail drapers nro employing boys; so are the grocers; and young men am walking tho streets Idle; hoys wanted, hoys wanted, overy- whero In protection-ridden Victoria. Can any one wonder that a young man when homeless, hungry aud out of work will steal, and get Into gaol? Mra Barney and temperance women put all tho crlitio down to drink: but to my way ot thinking, being out of work, homeless, and friendless drives huudrcds to drink, to -drown their worry. Yes; and many of tho registry offices In this city advertise for men. Whon you apply tho sharpers, or land sharks, ask you 'for 10s Aral," and' then they tell you of a fictitious Job In tho country. When you got thoro, no ono Is wanted. Tho polico of this city ought to sweep such pcoplo out of tho colony, I say lot tho electors aud 'work- lug men band togothor, and InnfBt.upou tho Government starting a labor bureau, .where mon can go without being fleeced. Will Mr S. Barker, or some Trades Hall men, start tho ball rolling, and do something scnalblo for once in their lives?— I niu, etc.. CONSTANT HEADER. 