Sporting notes ana iB 1 | By Nunquam Dormio. Had the outlook heen more favorahla^^^H o'clock on Saturday, Mr. A. H. Cox would have had to chronicle a record Moonee Valley. As it -was there touj large gathering, who were treatedto acnniSH noon's sport. ' The' Moonee Valley course is a trulJUl retreat within comfortable walking distanctS^I city, from the heart of which you can re^^H trysting-place by train (North Melbournoll^^B (Moonee Ponds) for an expenditure ova^^H exactly fourpence. And when you «et thHH the least pleasing sight is to witness'the sfljH ing of the acclimatised hares .across the c^HH the escapes which lead to their habitat. For some years the accommodation for tl^^^H at the Valley had been of a somewhat^^H character • hut on entering the portals of rendezvous on Saturday the individuals wl^^H the racing were agreeably surprised to find interior accommodation had been more than ;;~^a fact which Caterer Straker had suitably^H .hifeed by placing before the scribes a refecti^^H naqst " rekerky" character. J There were quite a number of Intercoloni^^H it^rs, and amongst those hailing from the ■■ -fiiat Don. J. Chipper and Harry Williau^^H " Straighthairs" who have evidently made tj^^H minds that a journey to Melbourne about ths|^H of November every year is as essential to th<^^H being as it is to that of the men-of-w^^^| annually career in Hobson's Bay about t^^Hj same period. Don. Chipper is the " 'Gus of Western Australia—" a goodly man i' fai^^H a corpulent;" albeit it is a standing joke^^H land of his nativity that he never gets an inl^^l tion to a new arrival from " t'other side" taking a mental note of his " measurementSB^fl necessarily for expected manipulation, hut^^^f dence of good faith. I do not know whethefl|^| is any truth in that yarn or not; but I can aver that when I first made his acquaintancaDH was a look passed athwart his countenance^^^H care. And—Quien sabe 1—as they say in knows but wbat he was considering the advieajH^H laying-in a stock of "out sizes" in viawoftlHH^fl sible influx of some more individuals built BR^H same Dutch principle. Punters had the softest of soft snaps in ing event;—a Hurdle Pace, of a mile four and a half—for which Insurance 12-4 opefl^^H 5 to 4 against four opposers, and when the l^^H closed the bookmakers were prepared to take^^^^| of odds about bar. It looked a case of a "rai^^H one bar a fall," and as Insurance didn't fall she^^H roihped home in advance of Platina 9-2 and 10-5 in 3min.*3}sec. There were fifteen two-year-olds started flHH St. Alban's Handicap of four furlongs and^HS and eventually favouriteship rested betwe|B|B South Australian colt Sparta 8-4 and Lady l^H 7-10, who were backed down to 5 to 1 each. i|HH companion of Sparta's named Cicero was like^^B the event at 8-3, and the three named nllBHH positions at the finish, Sparta winning by a ■fflH from Cicero in BOJsec., with Lady MostynaHM Marie Corelli 7-0 fourth and Egypt 7-0fifth. JHHH is by Thunderbolt from Leda. Cicero by ^ yRBH from Hortense, and Lady Mostyn by from Miss Mostyn. So that the " Adelaide ^BHH must be a shade better than it has been crflMH with being by some. flH The Ngarveno Handicap, a five fnrlong^^M attracted only 16 out of the 30 coloured en and the betting was " cribbed, cabinet! fined " to about half that number, KeseJ^M eventually settling down favourite at ' ,?BHj Qeelong division pinning their faith to ^ ' aBm 7-0. and sending her outat 6 to 1, whi.st H 9n Cotillon 7-0 found support at 7 to> 1 each. !«||| a fonr-year-old son of Oudeis and > a 7. ( y^Uum Cole from Whirligig by Ladykirk). andaltbomg did not get any too well away, he waltzedtwwg the field approaching the home turn, and good finish defeated Summer 8-13 by Early Morn being third a lengtbaway, fflBl leaf fourth and White Veil fifth, the time W lmin. 6asec. flH Acton. Veloco and Ganmain were withdraw^® the Moonee Valley Cup (seven far,on"Jj favflH Kallara 8-8 and Mirella /-6 started1 eq MM at 3 to 1. They had the finish the Dunlop horse eouldn t foot i fcbe teR|Wj daughter of Nordenfeidt and ir , wbite wBmi tion of the sprint, the success of the * spgg| with blue spots of Mr. Hordornbem, well received, as both that g <-troke trainer (Ifee Earn shaw) experienced - MafrL BKrvV-Efl^' struct himself at exercise 9R,W lil Csulfiold Cup, necessitating his BB nnrt.„ third for the Moonee Valley Cup. hkhwsfllmin. 31fsee.. Mirella winMHt'T latest of ease by a J«neth, Beverley ■Kl^ f lengths behind Kallara. Luster ht hnith Inst. Miriam, the dntn 99' is by Kdp1'0 from imPorted Security (by jjpM pvon more fortunate in locating the Mooneo Valley Purse, as out of a Ktlnnnsrs they made Fortunio 8-8 a 0 to 4 HH ^ the son of Frymgpan and Gretohen the slightest difficulty in settling IK ilw of Alva 7-9. Te Coma 8-10 and Co. .m0 winning with ridiculous ease by a HRjiabalf in ltnin. 91 ..foiling event—t.be Phoenix Handicap, of WL, and a half—found 12 out of 26 at the HEl on the strength of bis performance at IHfL pome fc" w°eks beck, and with the full ■knowledge in the minds of backers that ^9»iw necessity t° ns^ Aether the bearer of ^H!^.nhite livery would bo "after it" or not, HKj!,tucked the four-vesr-old Carbine—Hera 7-13 so spiritedly that he started at Hyj,fl Remington training track touts, how. ^■eiesoimnressed with the form displayed by ^9bD»nmn Derby candidate Eirids'dalo 7-4 that their friends aright as to Mr. M. Dovle's KoofEiridspord and Aorere being a particu^9Rcodthing; and those who listened to these HH|le words of wisdom were fortunate enough ^9ire9to2about him even at the conclusion of ^Kuteperfttions. And the Flemington touts ^Kmratiored were quite'right in their forecast, ^Kiiihihle assumed command ' .soon after the ^■mivon hv half a length from BundnoV. with Km third. Summer 8-7 fourth and Wnter fifth; time, lmin. 51sec. ^Bs, the dam of Eiridsdale, is by Chester from ^Bfthrnugli mare Kaipara, and I directed ^Bjitothe Tssmanian colt as being a most j^Bielochine three-year-old the first morning Flemington. That be is capable of ^Btw something better than last Saturday's will pass without Saying but whether enough to spring a surprise in the V.B.C. ^Bporrow is ft conundrum only'the result of ^Bfttfor the blue'ribbon pan elucidate; I j^Krolf he will run a great race. ^Biielders have found it necespary to work the ^■fg»D horse Positauo in winkers. Which ma that some throe-and-thirtv years ^HlrJnrtla Fisher's speedy little filly Kerosene ^^Hhharnced witVi the same "rogue's badges." ^HiiMe nrt Dnnfeeld was also on one occasion ^Hwited with the " Rhutters." But, although an animal a little more tractable, it is the shadow of a doubt that they are snb^Mofa horse attaining full speed or struggling ^■njlddo if it paw aT1 antagonist alongside. |H16.Cook maintains to this day that he only ^■Melbourne Cup won by Mentor through the ^■jwho was up on the "one-eyed gunner" Hfi* not following out the owner's express ^■hiods—to always keep, a horse on the good allow the son of St. Albans and The eee what he had to do. Instead of that j9 u°i^0 on the blind side of him, with HJJ?, Cyclops finished fourth, directly ^Wbiastable companion The Yeoman. I ■jifeeapproach of the Melbourne Cup sots me ^Wjiynge'. of the individual parts Edward K aP®au and Yours Truly played in the ■?®?;Upof that institution. It is 34 years this ■J™56 'Orange Blossom" and mvself (then K1^0,1 Melbourne Morning Herald) first ■h.|J?Learly.mftrniT'P ^"P3 out to FlemingJhe training." The original starter of ? was Mr. F McKnight (father of the celebrated South Melbourne footballer), who was over- m.an<l who had taken me out on a few K roings two or three years before. I B*lircn,v on the subject, and—just for on—we were wont to pad the hoof out thtrack after puttine In a hard night's in ft Ca,R0- Ifc wnB a 1oner- dreary. "quagmirv" tramp in those days; and after wo had noon all that, wasi to ho seen we had to take Shanks's pony for it hack aeam to our domiciles. One afternoon, whilst. , °W cnmPa- the wonders wo had J1Ur- _w'1hftm Lovev. thon editor and proprietor of Bell s life tn Victoria, heard our stories, and ad. vised Chapman to write them down and ho would publish them Thus it was the first. Flemington I raining Notes came to bo published, and the interest they created amongst the readers of the paper must have been no small factor in creatine' the abnormal excitement which hasheen evinced in that, special race over sinoo. The remarkable part, of the business was that Edward Samuel Chapman was niuch more of a Cricketer thon a Racine man in those days, and years afterwards ho confessed to me that^ any time he would much rather he witnessing a frond Intercolonial Cricket. Match between Victoria and New South Wales than watchine the decision of the Melbourne Cup. Dear ! Dear ! What thrilling adventures we were wont to experience—hv flood and field, as it were on the journey out. Sometimes in the early morniner. as dark as pitch, because there were no esslamps to lighten the darkness, we would find onrselves face to face with a moh of bullocks, when the pair of us would make something' approximating record time to the nearest, shelter. At other times we would flounder well over our hoot-tops into a treacherous morass that, covered the lower part of Macaulay-road, aud then we would have to go " browsing round" to find something that would scrape the mud off. as it used 'o adhere to the leather in such quantities and was of such a consistencv ah to make it in very truth a weight that, could be felt. Then occasionally wo would digturb some enterprising individual paving attention to hen-roosts, as at that, particular time of the year nopltry wns at a premium, and offerers could not afford to he any too particu'ar as to where the supply came from. As the years rolled on. and we got more iu touch with the trainers—.Toe Morrison, .Toe Carter, and the reRt of them—we used to take. a stroll out occasionally of an afternoon ; and ?n this connection T remember one funny incident—alas! not without, its tragic side—which caused a noor old nondescript to pose as a Turf Prophpt until he committed an unfortunate hloomey, Tt, was in the Spring of 1865, just, before the Melbourne Cnp, Mr. Chapman aud myself were out, at. Flemington one afternoon when we met, an individual who appeared to he connected with the abattoirs, as ho lived in an old shanty—principallv constructed of kerosene tins—in the locality. Chapman (heingaTasmanian native) had a great.ideaof Panic, and on the old battler asking him what he thought would win the Cup he informed him to that effect. " No he wont" replied the Old Identity; "no Panic, will win; the old grey 'oss Toryhoy Ml bpat 'em a.ll Torvbov Ml win. sir, as sure as I'm telling you." Chapman laughed at the h" »•« idea of the despised Torvhny having a ghost of a show alongside Panic ; but on the old man offering to bet three drinks on his judgment, we adjourned to Mrs. Macleay's ('Racecourse Hotel) and drank success to Torvhoy. Well, it's a matter of history now how Toryhoy wore Panic down, and won the Cup: in consequence of which the opinion of "Old Shackles" (T think ho said Mr name was Shattoek or Shatlock). as we rather irreverently dubbed the veteran, was Axalted in the extreme. Mr. Levey was communicated with, and the end of it was that. Old Shackles was installed as a kind of "Resident Correspondent" at Flemington when the Cup training was in progress. Ho managed to pull through pretty fairly the next vear (The Herb's), but in 1867 he fell a victim to misplaced confidence. It happened thuswiso: John Tait was on very friendly terms with William Levey ; and when he brought his team down for the Spring campaign the New South Wales snortsmm informed the proprietor of Bell'? life that be wqs certain to win the Derbv with -Firpworks (bv K>lnie—Gaslight). But Old Shackles Isnched this information (when imparted to him) to scorn, and was so fervid in his praises of Mr Hurtle Fisher's Derbv candidate Little Fish (by Fishertnen-Ce. ya) that Mr. Levey, having a leaning towards the Victorian colt, hacked Little Fish and Tim Whiffler to win the double (Derby and Cup) and actually laid Fireworks and Tim Whiffler to a large amount. In the Derby Fireworks completely smothered Little Fish, an a result of which Bell's Life had to he put on the market as William C. Levey was a ruined man, Truth to tell. Old Shackles wasn't so much to blame, as on the training track at Maribvrnong Little Fish conld give a rattling good little black horse named Blondin two stoneand adecisivebeating, whereas in a race Blondin would indentioally re* verse matters by putting him down on 28lb. worse terms. Thin proved very unfortunate for the Flemington Resident Correspondent, who was compelled to sever his connection with the sporting Press, Teddy Chapman determining to do his own touting for the future—in which vocation I had the honor as well as pleasure of assistinghimfor a number of years. Some day. when I can manage to get bold of a confiding publisher I may publish my " Reminiscences of the Melbourne Cup," in connection with which there have been numerous incidents not only serving to point a moral but also to adorn a tale after tale. It was a glorious morning on the training track at Flemington on Tuesday, and some excellent work was put in. No watch-smashing gallops, but, good sound exercise at a fairly smart gait. Qaulus proved to demonstration what a reallv good horse he must be when in proper " nick " by finishing in front of Clarion at the termination of a mile and a, half registered in 2min. 45eeo. Ayrshire subsequently improved on this by a quarter of a second j hut still the two performances were much of a muchness. I fancy Clarion will furnish into a clinking good horse in time, and, in fact, will not put it past him snavelling a race or two during the Cup meeting. He is a rare mover. Eiridsdale confirmed th« good opinion already formed of him by covering the Derby distance in 2min. 47-Jsee., and' (despite the fact that at the time of writing 100 to 5 is "freely offered" against him for the Victorian Blue Rihhon) it is quite on the cards for him to finish in front of more highly fancied contestants in to-morrow's event._ What a time the bookies would enjoy were be to effect a "boil over." It is on record thst when Mr. Archie Thompson won'the A.J.C. Derby with The Duke nine-and-twenty years ago one of the BarnardR "kidded" him into accepting one wager about his colt—.£100 to 1. At the last moment Mr. Thompson considered The Duke's prospects so hopeless that ho announced his intention of scratching him : but on hiR jockey—Bishop (the " Starchey" of later years)—informing • him' that he had refused other mounts because he considered he was engaged to ride The Duke, Mr. Thompson decided to start bim.with the result that Bishop just spueezed" him home. When offered 100 to 5 against his colt the owner laughed the wager to scorn, saying that he might accept 100 to 1 for a solitary sovereign, and one bookmaker, considering it was a case of "findine a quid" actually laid him thope odds. Now The Duke wasn't within " coo-ee" of Eiridsdale as a racehorse, but then be didn't have any Aurutns, or Fleet Admirals, or Amberites to run against. Amherite and Surge finished in front of. Fueile (whether " on sufferance" or otherwise deponent knoweth not) at the conclusion of a mile and a half which occupied 2min. 481sec., and there can be no two opinions about Amberite being a thorough tradesman. Aurum will have to be in good buckle to down him in the Derby, and even with 8.4 on hia back I would prefer his Melbourne Cup chance to that of Fucile—albeit the stable should certainly have known what they are doing when they chose the latter in preference for the two-mile event. I feel satisfied Amherite is a much improved colt since he won the Caulfield Cup, and with a true-run race from the rise of the harrier to-morrow we ought to stand a show of seeing the V.R.C. Derby—2min. 39gec.—(achieved by Martini-Henry. Trident and Carnage) lowered to Trident's A J.C. Derby record of 2min. 38aec. By the way, in the gallop above mentioned the gay and festive Surge " surged" along as if he was a pretty useful sort of a neddv, when pitted against his class. Surge is bv Gibralter from Delick (daughter of HincRhorouch and Washed Ashere). Any horse that shows you a mile and threequarters in 3min. 12sec. on the sand track at Flemington is entitled to very great respect, as Commotion and Carbine in their palmy days never improved much on that gait. And on Tuesday morning both Waitabit and The Grafter executed the performance, Waitabit getting home by about a length, albeit the fellow with thebig "cobra" finished remarkably strong. The "bald-faced turkey" Positano (he has a big " blaze" just like Oakleigh) made a triangular duel of it for a mile; but then he "turned it up" most unmistakably, and only got the more obstreperous under the application of the flail. Eventually he was prevailed on to continue the journey, but by this time his companions were finishing up. ., Positauo's position in the betting quotations, after his extraordinary antics on the training track. is j certainly a bit of an enigma. One prominent New | South Wales trainer makes no bones about it that I he^" wouldn't take £100 to four bob about hiju to Btand it;" and yet the St. Siihon—Ponza horse.j maintains his position at 100 to 10. I can't make it out—nohow. Another prominent Sandwich trainer doesn't seem to pay much attention to his. erratic gyrations. " He is jnst the same at Sand wick ; he will only do as he likes on the track, bnt he,doesn't conduct himself so when the colors are up," is how he .eicpresseR himself. Personally I think the Melhourne Cup .would be a " perfect gift " to Positano were-he to run kindly and not get " bustled off his legs," but I shall be decidedly " Jack " about him should he continue to display the same " high jinks"'between now and next Tuesday. No horse can win a Melbourne Cup under such conditions; end as I have to nominate my likes and dislikes, now I am compelled—very reluctantly—to pass Positano by. . Metford and Coil put in a first-class mile and ahnlf—-2min. 46sec.—the forming holding the pride of place at the fag-end of the journey. He ought j to shake 'em up in the Hotham Handicap to-morrow, whi'st Coil may be depended dpon to cause the winner of the Melbourne- Stakes ta put his "best fOot forward " in that event. j Down at Csulfteld Rosalia and Trent have been spinning over two miles—albeit not in double harness—in 8 min. 40 sec.; slashing good time without a doubt. However, I cannot stand eithpr of them having a winning chance on Tuesday whon opposed by the pick of the New South Wales and Victorian talent; Fleet Admiral has been disporting himself in a manner pleasing to his painstaking trainer, Tom Kieley, who, by the way, yields up the Derby unreservedly to Aurum. " Although, old 'un " he whispered me the' other afternoon, " my covey may run a bit better in the Melbourne Cup than some of them-give him the credit of being able tor do. And don't you forget it." Boy, youth and mani I have-known Flemington Racecourse—through visiting ifc—for over 40 years;; and I can truthfully aver that'I have never seen the "sign " as favourable for a thorough enjoyment • of the Cup Carnival as it is/at head-quarters this season. The glorious rain showers; have caused the herbage to' grow luxuriously, so that even the visitors to'the Flat; will be able to fancy themselves " on velvet " for-the nonce. Given hut fine-weather and the-Lawn will be dazzlingly brilliant; and as for the Hill—well; none- but itself could be its parallel. Under the -able supervision of Chief Ranger Ernest Smith, and his trusty .henchman; Simeon Forster, the running and jumping courses will he without flaw or blemish ; whilsfras Clerk of the Scales and Chief Panjandrum of the Weighing Enclosure, Mr. E. Miles <may be depended on to leave all other contemporary Moguls " miles" behind him. Bismillah ! The Viotoria.Racing Club is the Great Turf Corporation of the Southern Hemisphere, and'H; Byron Moore.is its Profit! No doubt " sweep money " considerations—the pleasure of being laid so much to nothing, besides having the acceptance money paid up, by lucky drawers of the neddies in big " consultations"—were reBpbnsible for some of the 30 horses left in the Melbourne Cup on Tuesday figuring in the list; but ptill there is every indication of the race proving true to its traditions and sffording'an extremely interesting (if not exactly keen) contest. There was nothing " keen " about Newhaven's victory last ypar m more than there was when Carbine " witched the racing world" with- that tremendous performance in 1890 ; but as a general rule the Cup finish- is an exciting one, and some of these fine days we will he experiencing the pleasure of watching a dead heat run therefor. When Newhaven cantered away with the event last year he certainly appeared to win with considerably more than 71b. in hand; and on that showing—seeing that Aurum has proved himself to be quite as swift, and equally as good—if not.'better —weight carrier than Newhaven, it certainly savors of Turf heresy to altogether ignore the claims of Mr. W. R. Wilson's champion in the two-mile event. Natbeless, great colt as be undoubtedly is, I feel satisfied the handicapper has set him an almost impossible task* in'asking him to concede such lumps of weight to animals of The Merry Boy, Waitabit, and The Grafter stamp; and if he should win under such a burden the sooner we do away with handicapping in connection with the Turf object of trying to improve the breed of horses the better. Delaware won the Maribyrnong Cup last Tuesday with 9-12. on his back, and as he traversed the mile and a quarter in 2min. 10aee. it will pass without spying'that' the son of Trenton and Genesta is just about cherry ripe. Last week a notification appeared in a daily paper to the effect that the night before, in.the Victorian club rooms, Delaware was backed to win the Melbourne Cup, £4000 being secured about him at 100's to 3, which price was wanted at the close. When speaking to Delaware's trainer— Mr.T.Lamond—about it at Mbonee Valley on Saturday1 that gentleman waxed veiy indignant over the matter, authorising me to state that "not one penny of tKe wager was on behalf of the stable, and that it was very wrong to-mislead the public in such a way," Since then, however, quite a-number of other " pennies" have -evidently -gone- on - Delaware, who*8' n^w ^«ote<Lafc< 100 to 6. There is- HQ re^eoB why; Delaware should not stay out two miles; but I place him on the same mark as Coil—a horse with a' possible chance of finishing in a plaoe. but not the place. However, some persons- or other evidently believe Delaware can win right out,and as they have Had the courage to back their opinions the probabilities are that they are perfectly content to be " misled." My selections for to-morrow's events, as also for the Melbourne Cup on Tuesday, are as follow:— MAIDEN PLATE.—One mile. Clarion. Amnesty. Koha. MELBOURNE STAKES.—1 mile and a quarter. Delaware. Coil. Waitabit. . . HOTHAM HANDICAP!.—One mile and a half. Metford or Gauluh. Straiqhtftre. DERBY.—One mile and a half. Aurum. Ambkrite. Fleet Admiral. MARBYRNONG PLATE.—Six furlongs. Symmetry. Hainault. WflRicv COBURG STAKES.—One mile. Carbinier or The-Grafter. Acton. HURDLE RACE.—Three miles. Murdoch. Nora Creina. Wild Bird. \- MELBOURNE CUP.—Two miles. The Merry Boy or Waitabit. The Grafter. Fleet Admiral. Tbe-Melboure Cup final acceptors are as follows:— Battalion ... 9 4 Parthenopceus ... 7 12 Coil ... ... 9 3 Fleet Admiral ... 7 10 Delaware ... 9 3 Trent ... ... 7 9 True Blue ... 9 1 Dreamland ... 7. 8 The Chevalier ... 8 6 Gaulus ... 7 8 Aurum ... 8 6 Sortie ... 7 8 Ayrshire ... 8 6 Positano ... 7 7 The Merry Boy ... 8 1 The Hypnotist ... 7 5 Amberite ... 8 4 KohR ... 7 4 Mora ... 8 2 Manfred ... 7 0 Toreador ... 8 0 The Grafter ... 7 0 Waitabit ... 8 0 Amnesty ... 6 12 Devon ... 7 13 Bundook ... 6 11 Mischief ... 7 13 Clarion ... 6 8 Fucile ... 7 13 Rosella ... 6 7 It must be a very cold' day when Mr. Archie Yuille (of the well-known firm of W. C. Yuille and Co.) fails to raise a hearty laugh when conducting a sale of horses. At the Newmarket Sale Yards last week, upon Parthenopaeus being knocked down to the bid of Mr. Samuel Allen for 700 guineas, the buyer announced his intention of taking the horse to England. "That's right, Mr. Allen," remarked the genial knight of the hammer as Boon as the information was vouchsafed; "you take him home to England and enter into partnership with 'Mr. Langtry.'" At which sally there was a perfect fusillade of loud guffaws, and a general adjournment to " see a man.''' <■' ^ An owner has a right to call- jihQrse any name he jolly well pleases; bijt .still, dowth>in New Zealand Captain Russell has sb^fRr paid-.j&eed; to outside criticism that be .has handed An "explanation to the sporting Press whyhecalled his fiUyhv Dreadnought from Katherine (daughter, of-K&ia;/Ferguson), the apparently outlandish ,lna&eM;|j^featarini Passaropoulo. " Most of my success on the Turf," remarks Captain Russell, " has been with the progeny of Katie Ferguson. Naturally I wi^TTllHB? the name, of Katherine in Borne ^rm WHBfr' is the modern Greek form of Katherins i^> admire the Greeks, it is not every one nfBRP can be directly connected with fearlessncw^HP^ however, contemporary history ]ont itSH&'J assistance. A Greek girl has proved thl^Hi dread nought, and a blow for freedom Ekatarini Passaropoulo, who fought :iiMFi* Greek war, and was severely wounded battles. She has been styled the GreekI have thus commemorated the sire the dWm*** Greek heroine. a^Hhd a They manage to. work up the excitML! America, even over Turf matters. Tt HPDBKirl at a recent meeting of the Turf Con<m4 ■Bfl Clark was holding forth when a Mr Cor^BPnl terrupted with a "That's a lie." CoIoJRL'h responded with " You are a [swear wordlK" the same time whipping-out an able-bodieBKi/'l nearly as large as a small blunderbus. rnJEb?<&J; was standing up and Corrigan sittio» dK3 two or three of those present got in betBs pair. Very likely it was fortunate for Ej3 that he made no attempt to rise or show tipfr' pa remained seated, and, apparently very remarked loud enough to be heard by allyou make no mistake^ or you will never pu^uB again." To which Colonel Clark regpoJHH will make no mistake." The following aHH members of the Congress were asked wh«n^| have happened if Corrigan had attemptedBfH and both promptly responded—" ColonSBfl would certainly have shot him." mwI On July 24 last the Recorder of LiverpofifilS land) acquitted two bookies charged witaHgfl money betting in a yard, on the ground thfBB was not a "place" within the meaninijraBfl Act. His decision was based upon tbaBI Court of Appeal, which decided that the Tattersall's Ring at Kempton Park wafl^| " place," and on that reasoning neither wajHjB closed yard a place. In consequence ofjfl^ggl corder's decision yards of Liverpool |1||H thoroughfares' are now fetching enormoBmH from bookies. pB J Watts, the celebrated English jockey, whmmH ing afew days in Ireland recently, had his fir^wW in that country on a pony through the Gap oSSffljjB As he stood by the pony the boy carefully efjfeSilg to him that he was on the wrong side ioHHgjH and when the rider of Four Derby WiflneaMVAgj the saddle the boy led the animal with tbeMWMB of care for about a couple of hundred ;|||gg|iS then asked—" Are you safe, and can I let hi||||H Something akin to the Scottish verdictfH^fl Proven " governed the decision of a body of stewards lately, which is reported in an excflHH manner followingi—" Last Tuesday could not run. fast enough to agitate theJH^H slush he ran through. Yesterday, in the flnflH backed down from 20 to 1 to 15 to 1, MaflHH won with something to spare. To the greabjHH of turf patrons the stewards rememberoHH cheater's previous bad showing, and issued that he should not in the future be started going!" The Prince of Wales' grand colt PersiintnoJH0B nine times, winning seven, and annexing 4WI the value of £35,806. 9H9 With regard to the revenue returned in lfiH| by a fashionable sire, the Duke of PortlandMWB to have received £16,000 in stud fees for awSH this year. The horse served 46 mares, are in foal. The Duke's return from tberan Carbine, St. Serf, Ayrshire and Donovan amounted to over £20,000 besides. & • insured for £30,000, the premium being atgjHM of 7 per cent. St, Simon will not this yeajBHB long lead in the list of winning sires, and umm has some good two-year-olds to represewm during the autumn it is doubtful whetn aagj| obtain the first place. SB Mr. Hailey, a leading English photograp^B siders the best time to photograph horses 'iJULJ diately after they have been 0xercised.^fc.^M quality of the coat is obtained ^^ P ( C0]^B9 the other hand, if horses are takein^ i H the lightening of the musclesisinvaria^^^g 