THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. - I On Thursday afternoon oui* representative mado, his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Ho was discovered nurs ing a 2-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He waa up and about and. able to answer the knock at the - door; Although pale and bearing still the marka of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it waa very clear that "he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence; -" In reply to the preliminary questions^ he said: "You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of au opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I ? was." "How long were you suffering?" ' ' "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing; " since then. About five years ago, next Christ mas, I met with au accident; I was badly scalded while taking a hath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of tho malady, I was forced to give up my billet at tho Glebe Island." . "What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. .The pains were some thing terrible. They-were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting ray bones in two in everyi part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was Incessantly shivering and shak ing, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rdt March last I saw a well-known doctor, and herold ,. me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." - , "Did you make use of the order?" "No; I came home and went tp bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that j lt was . all over with me, and only a question of dayis when' I would give up the ghost. ' My doctor Was at- " tending me, and did all he could, by «opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in'.- < I was under him for five or six weeks. He. came to tba conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor"' ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar dis turbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get tho use of. my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his ' legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as à drown ing man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing tho cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the 'Australian Work man,' by Dr.. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. ? I have taken four boxes of. Pink Pills* during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were ' made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I waa too weak to use them, and no%v I don't want them. Air I wattt ls this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my. strength." "He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken thc baby on her knees. "The- Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than ho did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to., be able v to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength! to work at that trade. " I am better to-day than I havo been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and mor phia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden tho excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about .again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and lt confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers .of this .country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They euro locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal dis ease;.also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion,, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains Jn the back, nervous headache, etc.-0. 