BRIGHT AND BRIEF. Artist: "I should like to paint your wife." Husband " It isn't necessary ; she attends to that." " What makes that fruit vendor so short winded ?" " I guess he uses up all his breath polishing his apples." Tommy " Paw, what is human nature ?" Mr. Figg " Human nature, my son, is the excuse generally offered by a man who has been acting like a hog." Tommy : " Pop, when an elephant falls down in the Zoo how do they get him up again ?" Tommy's Pop : " I suppose they go to the bird house and get a crane." Tourist (up in the lumber region) : " There doesn't seem to be much to see up here." Practical Resident: "No; but there's lots to saw." Miss Passé.- " Sir, do you mean to cast reflections on my age ?" Colonel Clement : " Madam, it would be quite impossible. You keep it too dark." She : " Do you suppose his wife really supports him?" He: "I judge so. He told me he didn't know what real happiness meant until after he got married." Spencer.-"There goes a woman with a very loud dress." Ferguson. "That is not a loud dress. It is very quiet-looking." Spencer : " It must be loud. Ifs made of crash." Mrs. Kidleigh : " You knew that Charlie Van Tassel came home disgusted from the gold cure ?" Mrs. Jollop : " Well, it's not surprising. He's a free silver man, you know." *' Weary, did ye notice by th' papers that thousan's of men wuz goin' back to work 8" " Well, that'll be a good thing fer our bizness." " How so ?" " It reduces com- petition." "Those South Americans are so high strung that they want to fight on the smallest provocation." Crankshaft : "High geared, I should judge from the number of ; revolutions they make." Bikes : " So you saw a ghost ? Did he say anything to yrou ?" Sikes: "Yes, but I couldn't understand him." Bikes: "Why?" Sikes "Because I never studied the dead languages." "Those Chicago women keep a fellow guessing." " What is so mysterious about them ?" " Well, do they get married in order to secure divorces, or do they secure divorces in order to get married A Recommendation.-Mrs. Cogie : " Ay, thaf s the new doctor, mern ; an' I'm sure it wad be an awf u' kindness if ye gied him a bit trial. He had a heap o' patients when he cam' first, but noo they're a' deid." Lady (a widow): "Do yen know,my daughter is quite smitten with yon. Herr Maller?" Gent (feeling flattered): " Reaily now Lady : " A fact. She was saying to-day, ' I should like that gentle- man for my papa.' " Thoughtful.-Husband : " It says here that an eminent German physician states that women require more sleep than men." j Wife. "Does it, indeed?" Husband: "Yes. I think you had better not sit up for me to-night, my dear." i O'Hara: "Shewas a good wife to me, I poor woman Many's the word of good advice she gave me." McGoogan : '* Thrue for yez, an' many's the time Oi've heard I her advisin* yet when Oi lived in the hons« beyant, a mile up the road, ochone !" Two Sides to a Question.-" Oh, Flora, let us be man and wife. You at least understand me-the only woman who ever did !" " Oh, yes I understand you well enough. Sir Algernon. But how about your ever being able to understand me?" Mr. Sububs (who hat. ordered drawings for a new cottage) : " Ah, what is that room adjoining the parlour ?" Architect : "That's for your bicycles." Mi-. Sububs : " And. that room adjoining the kitchen °" Architeot : " Thaf e for the cook's bicycle.'" Social Evolution.-Tramp (to benevolent hut inquisitive lady)-" WeU, you see, mum, it were like this. I were a 'addick smoker by profession ; then I got ill, and 'ad to go to the 'orspital ; then I sold cafs meat; but some'ow or other I got into low water." First Pedestrian (picking himseU up) " I'm blowed if I see the use of them there bells on the bicycles ; they knocks one I down just the same." Second Pedestrian ; " But in the event of a fatal accident, my frjend, the. bell gives you time to say a short prayer first." The society editor was explaining the matter. " Mrs. Gadabout does not feel very friendly to us now," she said. " Why not ?" " Well, she gave quite an elaborate dinner recently, and asked me not to men- tion it in the paper." " And you ignored her wishes ?" " Ye3,1 ignored her wishes. I didn't mention it." " Doctor," said he, " I'm a victim of in- somnia. I can't sleep if there's the least noise, such as a cat on the back fence, for instance." "This powder will be effective," replied the physician, after compounding a prescription, "When do I take it, doctor ?" " You don't take it. You give it to the cat in a little milk." Irate Patron "You advertise to cure consumption, don't you?" Doctor Quack "Yes, sir. I never fail when my instruc- tions are followed." Irate Patron " My son took your medicine for a year, and died an hour after the last dose." Doctor Quack "My inspections were not fol- lowed. I told him to take it two years." Tramp (to fussy old gentleman) " Will you please give me a penny, sirf I'm starving." Fussy Old Gentleman (produc- ing coin) - " Dear me, starving ' Can you change half-a-crown0" Tramp " Yes, sir." Fussy Old Gentleman (pocketing the change) .. " Dear, dear, starving1 Bles;- me, but thi world is full of misery !" " These hotels don't seem to have any enterprise," remarked the woman who goes shopping a great deal. " What maker yon« think so?" "They don't take advantage of the example set them by the drapery shops, fm sure that a hotel charging fifteen shillings a day could get lots of women to favour it when the family goes away for the summer if they'd mark the priées down to fourteen and eleven WBBce.'* - ", " ' 