CHAPTER XX. Mrs. Bessemer Starts to Put Matters Right. Eunice Betterton, once more the idol of the public, was at peace with all the world. The glamor of the footlights filled her with an ecstacy she had no wish to resist. The applause of the public intoxicated her. It became to her like the elixir of life. She might have passed a dull day, but the moment she stepped upon the stage all dismal recollections vanished like the gully mist before the rising sun. A headache disappeared as if by magic. The summons to the front acted as a tonic of the most bracing description. She found herself wondering how she had ever become reconciled to any other kind of existence. How on earth had she ever survived those six months during which she had been under the protection of John Fordyce ? She laughed softly to herself and continued to wonder. " Poor Jack," she murmured, " What a terribly solemn lover he was. I don't believe he smiled more than twice all that time. Heigho ! And I fancied myself young again and in love. Silly fool !" At Mrs. Bessemer's present mode of living none could point the finger of scorn. She was more than circumspect. Her only companion was the little maid who has already been introduced to the reader, ard who, transported to a certain portion of stageland, was in the seventh heaven of delight and seriously looking forward to the time when she would command the plaudits of music hall audiences. Almost her sole duties were to dress and undress her mistress. She walked with her to the Frivolity, and having decked Mrs. Bessemer out retired to the wings, whence she had a good view of tbe lady as she sang, and it seemed to her that she was participating in the triumph of the vocalist. But even the success of the Frivolity began at last to pall upon the principal subject of this chapter. A new singer had been unearthed by tbe management, a young and pretty girl who was creating a furore. Mrs. Bessemer's star was by no means in the descendant, but she could not brook the thought of a rival. She must be the favorite or she would be nothing. No one should share her throne with her. Luckily at this juncture she received a telegram offering her a good engagement in the town she had so lately quitted. Her contract at the Frivolity was just about to expire and the manager had approached her with regard to a renewal. She did not hesitate for a moment. That evening she announced her intention of leaving the Frivolity and accepted the offer just indicated. " It seems like going back to Jack," she said to herself ; " But thank goodness I am cured of that folly. I could meet him now without changing color or moving a muscle. Besides, he's clean gone on that operatic girl who wont have him, so that he's not likely to trouble me. Mrs. Bessemer superintended the packing of her wardrobe with a light heart. She was one of those restless beings who must have novelty, and if that was not to be found in companionship then it had to be supplied by change of scenery. She formed sudden attachments with a rapidity tbat was startling, and she threw over her newly made friends in a similarly [abrupt manner. After all, she thought, what are these so-called friends? What would they do for me if I were old and ugly and poor? She even began to save money—an unprecedented feature in her life's history. Yet she was generous, and no appeal made to her on behalf of an unfortunate fellow professional was ever made in vain. One " treasury " morning at the Frivolity someone told her that a youth who had been employed about the hall had met with a serious accident which would keep him from work for months and that his mother was a poor widow. " Here," cried Mrs. Bessemer, " Catch this," and she threw over a filagreed purse, heavily weighted. " Take the money, but give me back the purse. I may want it next Monday when the ghost is walking." On another occasion she had gathered together a number of juvenile waifs and strays and taken tbem for a picnic into the country, to their intense gratification. In fact the knowledge of her benefactions made her the easy prey of the loafing beggar, who knew that a cunningly devised story of want would meet with a silvery response. She felt that sometimes she was imposed upon, and when reminded of this would say carelessly, " Ah, well, if I make one deserving person happy I am not going to worry myself because I have assisted to make an undeserving person drank." There was no argaiog against such philosophy. Mrs. Bessemer liked travelling for the simple reason that she was fond, in an indolent kind of way, of studying human nature. It was necessary, in order that she might appear at the Lorgnette Theatre in accordance with her agreement, that she should proceed thence by rail. She would have preferred a sea trip, because, as she said, the sea brought out all the best and all the worst traits of one's character. But in business matters, despite her peculiar training, Mrs. Bessemer was most precise. She never missed a rehearsal. She was punctual to the moment in her attendance at the music hall, and when she gave her word that such and such a thing would be done at a certain time, nothing short of death or a severe accident would prevent its accomplishment. Then the lady was not a feather bed traveller. She could have afforded sleeping cars for hercelf and her maid, but she took tickets for an ordinary compartment. The only other occupants were a tall, gaunt, sallow-complexioned man, who seemed in delicate health, and a bright little boy of about six years of age. Mrs. Bessemer and the boy got on famously together. The lady had a passion for children and a knack of making them like her. Half an hour had not elapsed ere Lionel—for such he stated his name to be—was siting on her knee prattling away to his heart's content and filling up odd intervals by devouring chocolate creams, ©f which dainties the music hall singer invariably carried a plentiful supply. The father dozed in a corner of the carriage, and, at last apparently wearied out, went to sleep outright. " Pa's ill," confided Lionel. " He got bad in India, and the doctors sent him out here to get better. Pa's a British officer." And the little fellow drew himself up proudly as though some of the lustre of the British Army had by the law of descent been shed upon him. Mrs. Bessemer did not ask questions. She was not particularly inrerested in the father, although he was a well enough looking man Lionel engrossed her attention and she listened to or talked to him with an ever deepening smile on her handsome face. She learnt that Lionel's mamma had died many months ago and that papa had been very ill. Then they had come to Australia, Lionel being in charge of an ayah, but the nurse had become homesick and had been sent back. " I made pa do it," said Lionel valiantly." I told him that I was old enough to look after myself, and so I am. I can dress myself quite easily now, and I'm not a hit afraid to be left in the dark. Bogies 1 Pooh 1 That's what the ayah tells you to keep you quiet." A little later he said " I'm sorry we're not going all the way with you. We've got to stay with a friend of pa's at a sheep station, but perhaps I may meet you again. Only," he went on with a funny little laugh, f*I don't know your name. You know all about me and you haven't told me anything about yourself." "My name is Eunice Betterton," replied the lady with a blush, and at that moment Major Deane awoke. " I'm afraid my little tyrant has been troubling you," he said. " Not at all. I'm very fond of children," Mrs. Bessemer answered briskly. " He has been as good as gold." (To be continued) 