THE STORYTELLEB The Three Partners ; or, the Big Strike on Heavy Tree Hill. By Beet Habte. CHAPTER II.— {Continued). At the sudden intrusion of Barker Mrs. Horn castle looked up. There was a faint rise iu her colour, but no loss of self -possession. ' Please don't scold the nurse,' she said, ' nor say anything to Mrs. Barker It is all my fault. I thought that both the nurse and child looked dreadfully bored with each other, and I borrowed the little fellow for a while to try to amuse mm. J\\.x- least i naven t maae him cry, have I, dear ?' The last epithet, it is needless to sav. was addressed to the little creature in her lap, but in its tender modulation it touched the father's quick sympathies as if he had shared it with the child. ' You 6ep,' she said softly, dis engaging the baby fingers from her necklace, ?? thac our sex is not the only one tempted by jewellery and glitter.' Barkerhesitated; theMadonna like devotion of a moment ago was gone ; it was only the woman of the world who laughingly looked up at him. Nevertheless, he was touched. ' Have you — ever — had a child, Mrs. Horn castle r' he asked gently and hesitatingly. He had a vague recollection that she passed for a widow, and in his simple eyes all women wero virgins or mar ried saints. ' No,' she said abruptly. Then she added with a laugh, ' Or perhaps I should not ad mire them so much. I suppose it's the same feeling bachelors have for other people's wives. But I knowr you're dying to take that boy from me. Take him, then, and don't be ashamed to carry him yourself just because I'm here ; you know you would delight to do it if I weren't.' Barker bent over the silken lap in which the child was comfort - ably nestling, and in that atti tude had a faiiit consciousness that Mrs. Horncastle was mis chievously breathing into his curls a silent laugh. Barker lifted his first-born with proud skilfulness, but that sagacious infant evidently knew when he was comfortable, and in a paroxism of objection caught his father's curls with one fist while with the other he grasped Mrs. Horncistle's brown braids and brought their heads into contact. Upon which humorous situation Norah, the nurse, entered. ' It's all right, Norah,' taid Mrs. Horncastle, laughing, as she disengaged herself from the linking child. ' Mr. Barker has claimed the baby, and has agreed to forgive you and me and saynothing to Mrs. Barker.' Norah, with the inscrutable criticism of her sex on her sex, thought it extremely probable, and halted with exasperating discretion. ' There,' continued Mrs. Horncastle, playfully evading the child's further ad vances, ' go with papa, that's a dear. Mr. Barker prefers to carry him back, Norah.' ' But,'' says the ingenuous and persistent Barker, still lingering in hopes of recalling the woman's previous expres sion, ' You do love children, and you think him a bright little chap for his age ?' ' Yes,' said Mrs. Horncastle, putting back her loosened b;a'.d, ' so round and fat and soft. And such a discriminating eye for jewellery. Rea'ly you ought to get a necklace like mine for Mrs. Barker — it would please both, you know.' She moved slowly away, the united efforts of Norah and Barker scarcely sufficing to restrain the strug gling child from leaping after her as ehe turned at the door and blew him a kiss. When Barker regained his room he found that Mrs. Barker had dismissed Stacy from her mind except so far as to invoke Norah's aid in laying out her smartest goAvn for dinUer. ' But why take all this trouble, dear?' yaid her siinple mindei husband ; ' we are goiug- to diue iu a private room so that we can talk over old time6 Jill by ourselves, and any dress would suit him. And, Lord, dear!' he added, with a quick brightening at the fancy, 'if you could only just rig yourself up in that pretty lilac gown you used to wear at Boonwillc— it would be too killing — aud just like old times. I put it away myself in one of our trunks— I couldn't bear to leave it be hind—I know just where it is. I'll ? ' But Mrs. Barker's restraining scorn withheld him. ' George Barker, if j-xrn think I am going to let you throw away and utterly waste Mr. Stacy on us, alone, in a private room with closed doors — and I dare say you'd like to sit in your dressing-gown and slippers — you are entirely mistaken. I know what is due, not to your old partner, but to the great Mr. Stacy, the financier, and I know what is due from him to us ! No ! We dine in the great dining-room, publicly, and, if possible, at the very next table to those stuck-up Peterburys and their Eastern friends, including that horrid woman, which, I'm sure, ought to satisfy you. Then you can talk as much as you like and as loud as you like about old times — and the louder and the more the better — but 1 don't think he'll like it.' 'But thebaby !' expostulated Barker. ' ' Stacy's just wild to see him — and we can't bring him down to the table— though we might,' he added, momentarily brightening. ' After dinner,' said Mrs. Barker, severely, ' we will walk through the big drawing-room*, and then Mr. Stacy may come upstairs and see him in his crib. But not before. And now, George, I do wish that to-night, for once, you would not wear a turn-down collar, and that you would go to the barber's aud have him cut your hair and smooth out the curls. And, for Heaven's sake, let him put some wax or gum or something on your moustache and t wist it up on your cheek like Captain Heath's, for it positively droops over your mouth like a girl's ringlet. . It's quite enough for me to hear psople talk of your inex perience, but really I don't want you to look as if I had run away with a pretty schoolboy. And, considering the size of that child, it's positively disgraceful. And one thing more, George. When I'm talking to anybody, please don't sit opposite to me, beaming with delight, and your mouth open. And don't roar if by chance I say some thing funny. And — whatever you do— don't make eyes at me in company whenever I happen to allude to you as I did before Captain Heath. It is positively too ridiculous.' Nothing could exceed the laughing good humour with which her husband received these oautioue,. nor the evident sincerity with which he promised amendment. Equally sincere was he, though a little more thoughtful, in his severe self-examination of his deficiencies, when, later, he seated himself at the window with one hand softly encompassing his child's chubby fist in the crib beside him and in the instinctive fashion of all loneliness — looked out of the window. The Southern Trades were whipping the waves of the distant bay and harbuur into yeasty crests. Sheets of rain swept the side walks with the re gularity of a fusillade, against which a few pedestrians struggled with flapping waterproofs and slanting umbrellas. He could look along the deserted length of Montgomery-street to the heights of Telegraph Hill and its long-disused semaphore. It seemed lonelier to him than the mile- long sweep of Heavy Tree Hill, writhing against the mountain wind and its iEolian song. He had never felt so lonely there. In his rigid self-examination he thought Kitty right in pro testing against the effect of his youthfulness and optimism. Yet he was also right in being him self. There is an egoism in the highest sim plicity ; and Barker, while willing to believe in other'6 methods, never abandoned his own aims. He was right iu loviug Kitty as he did ; he knew that she was better and more loveable than she could believe herself to be ; but he was willing to believe it pained and discomposed her to show it before company. He would not have her change even this peculiarity — it was part of herself— no more than he would have changed himself. And behind what he had conceived was her clear, practical common-sense — all this time had been her belief that she had deceived her father .' Poor dear, dear Kitty ! And she had suffered because stupid peopie had conceived that her father had led him away iu selfish speculations. As if. he — Barker — would not have first discovered it, and as if anybody — even dear Kitty herself — was respon sible for his convictions and actions but himself. Nevertheless, this gentle egotist was unusually serious, and when the child awoke at last, and with a fretful start and vacant eyes pushed his caressing hand away, he felt lonelier than before. It was with a slight sense of humiliation, too, thai he saw it stretch its hands to the mere hireling, Norah, who had never given it the love that he hadseeneven in the frivolous Mrs.Hornca6tle's eyes. Later, when his wife came in looking very pretty in her elaborate dinner toilette, he had the same conflicting emotions. He knew that they had already passed that phase of their married life when she no longer dressed to please him, and that the dictates of fashion or the rivalry of another woman she held superior to his tastes ; yet he did not blame her. But he was a little surprised to see that her dress was copied from one of Mrs. Horncastle's most striking ones, and that it did not suit her. That which adorned the maturer woman did not agree with the demure and slightly austere prettiuess of the young wife. But Barker forgot all this when Stacy — reserved and somewhat severe looking in eveuins- drpss ? arrived with business puntuality. He fancied that his old partner received the announcement that they would dine in the public room with something of surprise, and he saw him glance keenly at Kitty in her fine array, as if he had suspected it was her choice, and understood her motives. In deed, the young husbaud had found himself somewhat nervous in regard to Stacy's estimate of Kitty ; he was conscious that she was not looking and acting like the old Kitty that Stacy had known ; it did not enter his honest heart that Stacy had, perhaps, not appreciated her then, and that herpresent quality might accord more with his worldly tastes and experience. Ir was, therefore, with a kind of timid delight that he saw Stacy apparently enter into her mood, and with a still moro timorous amusement to notice that he seemed to sympathise not only with her, but with her half rallying, half-serious attitude towards his (Barker's) inex perience and simplicity. He was glad that she had made a friend of Stacy, even in this way. Stacy would understand, as he did, her pretty wilfulness at last; she would understand what a true friend Stacy was to him. It was with unfeigned satisfaction that he followed them in to dinner as she leaned upou his guest's arm chatting confidentially. He was only uneasy because her manner had a slight ostentation. The entrance of the little party produced a quick sensation throughout the dining-room. Whispers pa-sed from table to table ; all heads were turned to wards the great financier as to wards a magnet ; a few guests even shamelessly faced round in their chairs as he passed. Mrs. Barker was pink, pretty, and voluble with excitement ; Stacy had a slight mask of reserve ; Barker was the only one natural and unconscious. As the dinner progressed Barker found that there was little chance for him to invoke his old partner's memories of the past. He found, however, that Stacy had received a letter from Demorest, and that he was com ing home from Europe. His letters were still sad ; they both agreed upon that. And then for the first time that day Stacy looked intently at Barker with the look that he had often worn on Heavy Tree Hill. ' Then you think it is tho same old trouble that worries him *-' said Barker iu an awed and sympathetic voice. ' I believe it is,' said Stacy with an equal feeling. Mrs Barker pricked up her pretty ears ; her husband's ready sym pathy was familiar enough ; but that this cold practical Stacy should be moved at anything piqued her curiosity. ' And you believe that he has never got over it? ' continued Barker. ' He had one chance, but he threw it away,' said Stacy energetically. ' If, instead of going off to Europe by himself to brood over it, he had joined me in business lio'd have been another man' ' But not Demorest,' said Barker quicklv. ' What dreadful secret is this about Demo rest r' said Mrs. Barker, petulantlv, ' Is he ill 'i Both men were silent by their old common in stinct. But it was Stacy who said ' No,' in a way that put any farther questioning at an end, and Barker was grateful and for the moment dis loyal to his Kitty. It was with delight that Mrs. Barker had seen that the attention of the next table was directed to them, and that even Mrs. Horncastle had glanced from time to time at Stacy. But ehe was not prepared for the evident equal effect that Mrs. Hornca&tle; had created upon Stacy. His cold face warmed, his critical eye softened ; he asked her name. Mrs. Barker was voluble, prejudiced, and, it seemed, misinformed. ' I know it all,' said Stacy, with didactic em phasis. ' Her husband was as bad as they make The entrance of the little party (Mrs. Barker, Mr. Stacy, and Mr. Earker) produce I a quick sensation throughout the dining-room.— Chapteu II. them. When her life had become intolerable with him he tried to make it shameful without him by abandoning her. She could get a divorce a dozen times over, but ehe won't.' ' I suppose that's what makes her so very attractive to gentlemen,' said Mrs. Barker ironi cally. ' I have never seen her before,' continued Stacy with business precision, ' although I and two other men are guardians of her property and have saved it from the clutches of her husband. They told me she was handsome — and so she is.' Pleased with the sudden human weakness of Stacy, Barker glanced at his wife for sympathy, but she was looking studiously another way, and the young husband's eyes, still full of his gratifi cation, fell upon Mrs. Hornca6tle's. She looked away with a bright colour. Whereupon the san guine Barker — perfectly convinced that she re turned Stacy's admiration — was seized with one of his old boyish dreams of the future, and saw Stacy happily united to her, and was only recalled to the dinner before him by its end. Then Stacy duly promenaded the great saloon with Mrs. Barker on his arm, visited the baby in their apartments, and took an easy leave. But he grasped Barker's hand before parting in quite his old fashion, and said: ' Come to lunch with me at the bank any day, and we'll talk of Phil Demo rest,' and left Barker as happy as if the appoint ment were to confer the favour he had that morn ing refused. But Mrs. Barker, who had over heard, was more dubious. ?' Tou don't suppose he asks you to talk with you about Demorest and his stupid secret, do you ? ' she said scornfully. 'Perhaps not only about that,' said Barker, glad that she had not demanded the secret. ' Well,' returned Mrs. Barker as she turned away,' ' he might just as well lunch here and talk about her — and see her, too.' Meantime Stacy had dropped into his club only a few squares distant. His appearance created the same interest that it had produced at the hotel, but with less reserve among his fellow members. ' ' Have you heard the news ? ' said a dozen voices. Stacy had not ; he had been dining out. ' That infernal swindle of a ' Divide ' Railroad has passed the Legislature.' Stacy instantly remembered Barker's absurd belief in it and his reasons. He snu'led and said carelessly, ' Are you quite sure it's a swindle F' There was a dead silence at the coolness of the man who had been most outspoken against it. ' But,' said a voice hesitatingly, ' you know it goes nowhere and to no purpose.' ' But that does not prevent it, now that it's a fact, from going anywhere and to some purpose,' said Stacy, turning away. He passed into the reading-room quietly, but in an instant turned and quickly descended by another staircase into the hall, hurriedly put on his overcoat, and slipping out was a moment later re-entering the hotel. Here he hastily summoned Barker, who came down flushed and excited. Laying his hand on Barker's arm in his old dominant way he said : ' Don't delay a single hour, but get a written agreement for that Ditch property.' Barker smiled. ' But I have. Got it this afternoon.' ' Then you know ?' ejaculated Stacy in (surprise. ' I only know,' said Barker, colouring, *? that you said I could back out of it if it wasn't signed, and that's what Kitty 6aid, too. And I thought it looked awfully mean for me to hold a man to thai kind of a bargain. And so — you won't be mad, old fellow, will you ? — I thought I'd put it beyond any question of my own good faith by having it iu black and white.' He stopped, laughing and blushing, but still earnest and sin cere. ' You don't think me a fool, do you ?' he said pathetically. Stacy smiled grimly, ' I think, Barker boy, that if you go to the branch you'll have no diffi culty in paying for the Dj,tch property. Good night.' In a few moments he was back at the club again before anyone knew he had even left the building. As he again re-entered the smoking-room he found the members still in eager discussion about the new railway. One was saying, ' If they could get an extension and carry the road through Heavy Tree Hill to Boomville they'd be all right.' ' I quite agree with you,' said Stacy. CHAPTER III. The swaying, creaking Boomville coach had at last reached the level ridge and sank forward upon its springs with a sigh of relief and the slow pre cipitation of the red dust which had hung in clouds around it. The whole coach, insido and out, was covered with this impalpable powder ; it had poured into the windows that gaped widely in the insufferable heat ; it lay thick upon the novel read by the passenger who had for the third or fourth time during the ascent made a gutter of the half-opened book and blown the duet away in a single puff, like the smoke from a pistol. It lay in folds and creases over the yellow eilk duster of the handsome woman on the back seat, and when she endeavoured to shake it off enveloped her in a reddish nimbim. It grimed the handkerchiefs of others, and left sanguinary streaks on their mopped foreheads. But as the coach had slowly climbed the summit the suu was also Kinking behind the Black Spur Range, and with its ultimate disap pearance a delicious coolness spread itself like a wave across the ridge. The passengers drew a long breath, the reader closed his book, the lady lifted the edge of the veil and delicately wiped her forehead, over which a few damp tendrils of hair were clinging. Even a distinguished-looking man who had sat as impenetrable and remote as a btalue in one of the front seats moved and turned his abstracted face to the window. His deeply tanned cheek and clearly cut features harmonised, with the red dust that lay in the curves of his brown linen dust-cloak, and completed his resem blance to a bronze figure. Yet it was Demorest, changed only in colouring. Now, as five years ago, his abstraction had a certain quality which the most familiar stranger shrank from disturbing. But in the general relaxation of relief the novel reader addressed him. ' Well, we ain't far from Boomville now. and it's all down grade the rest of the way. I reckon you'll bo as glad to get a ' wash up ' and a ' fchake ' as the rest of us.' ' I am afraid I won't have so early an oppor tunity.' said Demorest with a faint, grave smile, ' for I get off at the croes-road to Heavy Tree Hill.' 'Heavy Tree Hill!' repeated the other in surprise. 'You ain't goin' to Heavy Tree Hill. Why, you might have gone there direct by rail road, and have been there four hours ago. You know there's a branch from the ' Divide ' Rail road goes there straight to the hotel at Hymettup.' 'Where?'' said Demorest with a puzzled anile. 'Hymetrus. That's the fancy name they've given to the watering place on the elope. But I reckon you're a stranger here'r' ' For five years,' eaid Demorest. ' I fancy I've heard of the railroad, although I prefer to go to Heavy Tree this way. But I never heard of a watering-place there before.' ' Why, it's the biggest boom of the year. Folks that are tired of the fogs of 'Frieco and the heat of Sacramento all go there. It's four thou eand feet up, with a hoLel like Saratoga, dancing and a band plays every night. And it all sprang out of the ' Divide ' Railway and a crank named George Barker, who bought up some old Ditch property and ran a branch line along its levels, and made a junction with the ' Divide,' You can come all the way from 'Frisco or Sacramento by rail. It's a mighty big thing !' ' Yet,' said Demorest, with some animation, *' you call the man who originated this success a crank. I should say he was a genius.' The other passenger shook his bend. ' All sheer nigger luck. He bought the Ditch plant afore there was the ghost of a chance for the ? Divide ' Railroad, just out o' pure ? foolishness. He expected so little from it that he hadn't even got the agreement done in writin', and hadn't paid for it, when the ' Divide ' Rail road passed the Legislature, as it never oughter done ! For, you see, the blamedest cur'ous thing about the whole affair was that this * straw ' road of a ' Divide,' all pure ' wild cat,' was only gotten up to frighten the Pacific Railroad sharps into buying it up. And the road that nobody ever calculated would ever have a rail of it laid was pushed on as soon as folks knew that the Ditch plant had been bought up, for they thought there was a big thing behind it. Even the hotel was, at first, simply a kind of genteel almshouse that this yer Barker had built for broken-down miners !' 'Nevertheless,' continued Demorest, smiling, ' you admit that it is a great success.' '? Yes,' 6aid the other, a little irritated by some complacency in Demorest's smile, ' but the suc cess isn't his'n. Fools has ideas, and wise men profit by them, for that hotel now has Jim Stacy's bank behind it, and is even a kind of country branch of the Brook House in 'Frisco. Barker's out of it, I reckon. Anyhow, he couldn't run a hotel, for all that his wife— she that's one of the big 'Frisco swells now — used to help serve in her father's. No, sir, it's just a fool's luck, gettin' the first taste and leavin* the rest to others.' ' I'm not sure that it's the worst kind of luck,' returned Demorest, with persistent gravity; ' and I suppose he's satisfied with it.' But so hetero dox an opinion only irritated his antagonist the more, especially as he noticed that the handsome woman in the back seat appeared to be interested in the conversation, and even sympthetic with Demorest. The man was in the main a good natured fellow and loyal to his friends ; but this did not preclude any virulent criticism of others, and for a moment he hated this bronzefaced stranger, and even saw blemishes in the handsome woman's beauty. ' That may be your idea of an Eastern man,' he said bluntly, ' but I »dn tell ye that Californy ain't run on those lines. No, sir.' Nevertheless, his curiosity got the better of his ill humour, and as the coach at last pulled up at the Cross Road for Demoreet to descend he smiled affably at his departing companion. *' You allowed just now that you'ld bin five years away. Whar mout ye have bin ?' ** In Europe,' said Demorest pleasantly. ' I reckoned ez much,' returned his interroga tor, smiling significantly at the other passengers. ' But in what place ?' *' Oh, many,' said Demorest, smiling also. ' But what place war ye last livin' at F' ' Well,' eaid Demorest, descending the steps, but lingering for a moment with his hand on the door of the coach, ♦? oddly enough, now you re mind me of it — at Hymettus !' He closed the door and the coach rolled on. The passenger reddened, glanced indignantly after the departing figure of Demorest and suspiciously at the others. The lady was looking from the window with a faint smile on her face. ' He might hev given me a civil answer,' muttered the passenger and resumed his novel. When the coach drew up before Carter's Hotel the lady got down, and the curiosity of her sus ceptible companions was gratified to the extent of learning from the register that her name was Horncastle. She was ehown to a private sitting-room, which chanced to be the one which had belonged to Mre. Barker in the days of her maidenhood, and was the sacred, impenetrable bower to which she retired when her daily duties of waiting upon her father's guests were over. But the breath of custom had passed through it since then, and but little remained of its former maiden glories, except a few schoolgirl crayon drawings on the wall and an unrecognisable portrait of herself in oil, done by a wandering artist and still preserred as a receipt for his unpaid bill. Of these facts Mre. Horncastle knew nothing ; she was evidently pre occupied, and after she had removed her outer duster, and entered the room, she glanced at the clock on the mantelshelf and threw herself with an air of resigned abstraction in an arm-chair in the coiner. Her travelling dress, although un ostentatious, was tasteful and well-fitting; a slight pallor from her fatiguing journey, and, perhaps, from gome absorbing thought, made her beauty still more striking. She gave even an air of elegance to the faded, worn adornments of the room which it is to be feared it never possessed in Miss Kitty's occupancy. Again she glanced at the clock. There was a (ap at the door. ' Come in.' The door opened to a Chinese servant bearing a piece of torn paper with a name written on it in lieu of a card. Mrs. Horncastle took it, glanced at the name and handed the paper back. ' There must be some mistake,' she said. ' I do not know Mr. Steptoe.' ' No, but you know me all the same,' said a voice from the doorway as a man entered, coolly took the Chinese servant by the elbows and thruet him into the passage, closing the door upon him. ' Steptoe and Horncastle are the same man, only I prefer to call myself Steptoe here. And I see you're down on the register as ' Horn castle.' Well, it's pluckv of you, and it's not a bad name to keep ; you might be thankful thai I have always left it to you. And if I aall myself Steptoe here it's a good blind against any of your swell friends knowing you met -your hus band here.' (To be continued.) 