k WONDERFUL WOMAN; ' OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY, BY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. i . CHAPTER XII— (Continued). The storm had come with the new flay; rain and sleet beat the glass, the wind howled dismally around the house and up and down the draughty pas-sages. Mr Dantree scowled at the distant prospect. Atmospheric influ ences did not affect him much, as a rule, but they affected him to-day. I suppose the least sensitive- of human beings likes bright sunshine,- balmy breezes, and cloudless skies,- for his wedding day. Mr Dantree cursed the weather, cursed the pursuing memory that drove him from his bed, cursed his own folly in letting his superstitious fears trouble him, and, having finished his litany, produced a smoke-colored bottle of French brandy, a case of Ma nillas, and flung himself into an easy chair before the still smouldering fire. He primed himself with, eau de Vie un til the breakfast bell rang, and then descended to meet his host and his sister, and, get the vapors of the night dispelled in their society. Miss Talbot departed for Scars wood almost, immediately after breakfast. Mr DantrJe escorted her to the car riage, ami. moodily watched her drive away. I sxippose I am to give your love to Katherine?" the young lady sand, gaily. "And I suppose we won't see you until the hour? Try and wear a less dolorous face, signor, when 3rou do present your self. It's a serious occasion, beyond doubt, but not even matrimony can war rant so gloomy a countenance as that." How the long, interminable hours of that day wore on Gaston Dantree never afterwards knew. Something was going to happen— he simply felt that — what, he did not know. Marie might come, or she might not; but whether or not, some thing would happen. The dark, sleety hours dragged slowly along. He smoked furiously; he drank more brandy than was at all prudent or usual for bride grooms; he went in and out in a restless fever that would not let him sit down. He paced up and down the leafless aisles, the' sleet driving sharply in his face, the keen wind piercing him — for he was -of a chilly nature. Were presentiments true? None had ever troubled him before. Was it a guilty conscience? It was the first time he ever realised he had a con science; or was it a worse demon than either — the gloomy fiend of indigestion? "A sluggish liver has made men blow their brains out before now, and a dys peptic stomach has seen ghosts. Pre sentiments are sentimental humbugs. It's the heavy dinners at Scarswood and the French cookery at Morecambe, com bined with a leaden sky and a miserable December day. If the infernally long flay were - ended and the bridal hour pome, I should feel all right, I know." His host watched him curiously from the window, wandering about in the storm like an unquiet spirit. Bride grooms may be restless as a rule on the happy day, but not such restlessness as this. "There's something on that fellow's mind," the young Sussex squire thought. "He has the look to- day of a man who ?s afraid, an.g J don't think he's a co-ward AS. k ruk fTve thought tr.m til.e this marriage would be a bad joh, and it's no end of a pity. She's such a trump of a girl — little Kathie — no nonsense about her, you know, rides to hounds like a born Nimrod-ess, dances like a fairy, plucky and thoroughbred from top to toe. And she's going to throw herself away on this fellow, for no reason under heaven but that he's got a good-looking face. Hang it all! .Why did I ever bring him down to Morecambe, or why need Katherine Dangerfield be such a little fool? Who's to tell us the man hasn't a wife already out in New Or leans?" Some time after noon the bridegroom elect flung himself on his bed and fell heavily asleep. He did not dream this time; he slept — for hours — the beneficial effect of French brandy, no doubt. The short, dark day had faded entirely out — the candles were lighted, and Squire Tal bot's man stood over him. adjuring him to 1'Ise. ' "'Beg pardon, sir, for disturbing you, but master's orders, sir, and it's after four, Mr Dantree, sir, and time, master says, to get up and dress. And master's orders, sir, is that I'm to assist you." Mr Dantree leaped from the bed. Four o'clock and time to dress. No mo-re end less hours to .think and fidget — that was a comfort, at least. "How's the weather now, Lewis?" he asked. "Storm held up any? No, I see it has not. Rather worse, if anything. .Where's the squire?" "In his room, sir — dressing, sir. Per mit me to do that, Mr Dantree, sir, if you please. Dinner's to be an hour and a half earlier than usual, sir, on this oc casion. You'll 've just time to dress, and nn more." .Lewis was an. adept in his business. 'At half-past four Mr Dantree descended to dinner in full evening suit — white waistcoat, diamond studs, dress- coat, shiny boots — robed for the sacrifice. He and the squire dined tete-a-tete, and quickly. Neither ate much — both were nervous and silent. "What the deuce ever made me bring the fellow down?" the squire kept think ing moodily, casting gloomy glances athwart the tall epergne of flowers be tween them. And "Will anything happen, after all?" the bridegroom kept saying over and over. "Will the heiress of Scars- wood be my wife to-morrow morning, or will something prevent it -a.f the eleventh hour, and expose me? It would be just my usual infernal luck." He went back to his' room after din ner. They had not lingered, and it was still only a few minutes after five o'clock. A quarter before seven would be early enough to arrive at Scarswood, and run the gauntlet of three-score curious eyes. "I wish it were over," he exclaimed, aloud, almost savagely. "I wouldn't undergo such an ordeal again for all the heiresses- in Great Britain." "It is a nervous business," a voice in the doorway responded; " but take courage. There's many a slip, you know, and though it wants barely two hours to the time, you may escape the matrimonial noose after all." Gaston Dantree swung round with an oath. There, in the doorway, stood Peter Dangerfield. "I beg your pardon, Mr Dantree," the lawyer said, glibly, coming in, and shut ting the door. "You don't look pleased to see me, but that is not to be won dered at." - "Wherever did you spring from?" Mr Dantree demanded, angrily. "I sprang from nowhere — I've given up gymnastics. I drove over from Castle- ford in the rain, on important business important business to you. A quar ter-past five" — he drew out his watch — "and I see you are all dressed for the ceremony. That gives us an hour and three-quarters — plenty of time for what I want you to do." "What — you — want — me — to — do, Mr Dangerfield. I confess I am at a loss lo " , understand me — exactly — quite natural that you should, and all that. 366 i I'll explain. Circumstances have come to light concerning Sir John Dangerfield and— well — and the young lady you are going to marry. As a friend of yours, Mr Dantree, I consider it would be a shameful deception to let the marriage go on while you are in ignorance of those circumstances. Sir, you have been grossly deceived — we have all been, and — but it is impossible for me to explain. Thereby hangs a tales and all that— which I' don't wish to tell. The person who told me is waiting at Castleford to tell you! I drove here at once — my trap is waiting outside now. I made my way to your room unannounced. I know the house, and I want you to put on your hat and great-coat and come with me to Castleford at once." Gaston Dantree stood very pale, lis tening to this lengthy and rapid harangue. His presentiments were all true, then — something was going to occur. At the last hour the glittering prize for which he had fought, and which he had won, was to be snatched from him. His lips were set hard,, and there was in his black eyes a- dull red glow not good to see. But he kept his temper — under all circumstances it was the rule of his life to keep that. "Mr Dangerfield," he said. " will you be so good as to open the mysteries a little? Your' speech sounds melo dramatic — and I don't care for melo drama off the boards. Why am 1 to go to- Castleford? What are the circum stances? Whom am I to meet, and how have we ail been deceived? Do you wish to insinuate anything against Miss Dangerfield?" "Not a word — not a syllable. She 'is blameless, and I don't wish to stop your marriage. Heaven, forbid! No one will wish you joy two hours' hence, when the ceremony is over, more sin cerely than I." Gaston -Dantree looked at him, stag gered a little. The marriage was. not to be stopped, then. He drew a long, tense breath of relief. "This is all very strange. I wish you would explain. I'll-go with you to Cas tleford— it will kill the intervening time as well as anything else — but I'd rather not go in the dark." "You must. Take my word for it, Dantree, it is necessary . It is impos sible for me to fell you — I am bound by oath. Come with me — come! I swear you shall be at Scarswood by seven o'clock." For a moment Dantree stood irreso lute. Then curiosity overcame every other feeling. He seized his hat and coat with a slight laugh. "Be it sor then. Lead on, as they say in novels, I follow— and, my good fellow, drive like the very deuce." He ran lightly down' stairs ; Peter Dangerfield followed. There was a flush on the lawyer's sallow, parchment cheeks, a fire in bis dim. pear-sighted eyes, all unusual there. They met no one. The squire was still in his room, the servants were busy. The lamps of Mr Dangerfield's trap loomed like two fiery eyes in the stormy blackness. Dan tree leaped in, Dangerfield followed, snatched up the reins, and sped away like the wind. It was a silent drive. It was all Peter Dangerfield could do to hold the reins and make his way through the double darkness of night and storm. Gaston Dantree sat with folded arms waiting. What was he to hear? where was he going? whom was he to see? A strange adventuret this, surely, on a man's wed ding night. The lights of Castleford gleamed through the sleet, the dull cannonading of the sea on the coast came to them aboVe the shrieks of the wind. In five minutes they had driven up before £n inn, the two men sprang out, an ostier took charge of the conveyance, and Peter Dangerfield, with a brief " This way, Dantree," sprang swiftly up the stairs, and rapped at a door on the first landing. It was opened instantly, and Gaston Dantre saw — Mrs Vavasor. She was magnificently .dressed to night. A rich robe of purple silk, en traine, swept behind her — diamonds flashed on neck and fingers — and white, perfumery roses nestled' in the glossy masses of satin-black hair. The rouge bloomed its brightest, the enamel glit tered with alabaster dazzle, the almond eyes were longer, brighter, blacker than ever, and that peculiar smile on her squirrel-shaped mouth was never so radiant before. "You did not expect to see me, Mr Dantree, did you? You didn't know I have been in Castleford a whole week? And I've come for the wedding all the way from Paris. I crossed the Chan nel at the risk . of expiring in the agonies of sea-sickness, I braved this beastly British climate. I have buried myself alive a wnole week here, without a soul to speak to — all — to be present at Kathe rine Dangerfield's wedding, if — that wedding ever takes place." Mr Dantree looked at his watch, out wardly, at least, perfectly cool. "It will be an accomplished fact in a little over an hour, madame. And there is a good old adage about it's being well to wait till you're asked — wouldn't it have been better if you had remembered it? Your affection for Miss Dangerfield does credit to your head and heart, but I fear it is unreciprocated. She loves you as Old Nick loves holy water." "Nevertheless, I shall go to her wed ding. I told her so once, and I mean to keep my word, if— as I said before— that wedding ever takes place." " Will you be kind enough to- ex plain?" He was quite white, but braced to meet the worst. He looked at her stea dily between the eyes. She stood and returned that gaze smiling, silent, and with a devil glittering in each glitter ing eye. For Peter Dang'erfield, he stood aloof and listened. " What a fortunate fellow you are, Gaston Dantree," Mrs Vavasor said, after that short pause. "You are the very handsomest man, I think, I ever saw; you are the best singer of the operatic stage I ever heard; your man ners are perfect in their insolent ease; you are seven-and-twenty, a charming age; and you possess what so seldom goes with beauty, unhappily — brains. The world is your oyster, and you open it cleverly; you are a penniless Ameri can adventurer, and a baronet's daugh ter, the heiress of eight thousand a year, is waiting at Scarswood to marry you to-night. Under what fortunate combination of the planets were you born, I wonder. You don't love this young lady you are going to marry; but love is an exploded idea — 'the stock-in- trade of poets and novelists. People with eight thousand a year can dispense with love; but where the bride and groom are both penniless — oh, well! that's another matter." = "Mrs Vavasor, it is after six o'clock. Did you send for me to listen to a hom ily? If so, having heard it, allow me to take my departure." "Don't be in a hurry, Mr Dantree — there's no occasion. Seven o'clock will come, but I don't believe we'll have a wedding to-night, after all." "You have said 'that three times!" — Gaston Dantree's eyes were growing stern, and his mouth was set in one thin, hard line. "The same thing re peated too often grows a bore. Be kind enough, if you mean anything, to tell rne what you mean." \- "I will. I mean this, my handsome Louisianian— that your bride-elect is no more a baronet's daughter — no more Sir John Dangerfield's heiress — than -I am!" CHAPTER XIII.— MRS VAVASOR'S s STORY. j It was out, and Gaston Dantree stood for a moment stunned, looking at the evil, smiling face of the speaker, and ab solutely unable to reply. Then "I don't believe it," he said, slowly. Mrs Vavasor laughed aloud. "You mean you don't want to believe it. It's not pleasant for a successful ad venturer. Oh, don't be offended.; ' it's only the name commonplace people give other people cleverer than themselves. It's not pleasant, I say, when the golden chalice of fortune is at our lips, to see a ruthless hand spill that wine of life at our feet. It isn't pleasant for a hand some, dark-eyed Adonis, with the face of a god and the purse of a — pauper, to find the reputed daughter and heiress of j a wealthy baronet, whom he is going to marry, as great a pauper as himself — greater, indeed, for she lacks the good looks that may yet make your fortune, Mr Dantree. "It isn't pleasant, but it is perfectly true. Sir John Dangerfield' has im posed upon you — upon his rightful heir, Mr Dangerfield — upon society — passing- off a girl of whose parentage he is in most absolute ignorance, as his daugh ter. Don't fly into a passion, Mr Dan tree, as I see you are half inclined to do — at least, not with me. I am not afraid of you, and I am not to blame. If you don't believe me — but I see you do— come with me to Scai'swood — Mr Dangerfield and I are bound for the wedding— and be convinced from Sir John's town lips. My shawl, if you please, Mr Dangerfield— Sir Peter that will be." He took the rich Parisian wrap and folded it gallantly round her slim shoul ders. Gaston Dantree still stood utterly con founded — a blank feeling of rage, and fury, and despair choking the passion ate words he would have said. She look ed at him, and laughed again: . " Mon Dieu! he is like an incarnate thundercloud — black and ferocious as a Levantine pirate, or an Alpine brigand. Cheer up, mon ami. We won't take your bride from you — only her fortune; and what are a few thousand a year, more or less, to such a devoted lover as you? Aad she would go with you to beggary- It makes a hardened woman of the world, like myself, absolutely young again to see such gushing and beautiful devotion. I rather thought romance had gone out of fashion in this year of grace, ! and that it was only at Covent Garden we heard of 'two souls with but a jingle thought— two hearts that beat as one.' But I have found out my mistake, and think better of the world since I have known you. My bonnet, Mr Danger- field. Thank?. Now, then, messieurs — forward! march! I am entirely at your service." She took Peter Dangerfield's arm, look ing backward over her shoulder at the marble figure of the bridegroom, like the smiling vixen she was. "Come, Gaston, mon brave," she said; "though you lose an heiress, you need not lose a bride. We will be but a few minutes late after all. Come! — away!" She ran lightly down the stairs, hum ming, with a face of malicious delight. "Haste to the Avedding!" The hour for which she had hungered and thirsted for years and years had come — the hour of her vengeance. "Re venge is sweet — particularly to a wo- wan," singeth my Lord Byron, and he had hit truth as well as poetry when he i said it. A man sometimes spares his enemy — a woman will forgive a man seventy times seven, but one woman will spare another — never! Gaston Dantree followed. His lips were set. m expression no one who beheld him that night had ever seen be-1 fore; his dark eyes were lurid with rage, dsappointment, and fury, his dusky face savage and set. All his presenti ments were fulfilled— more than fulfilled. At the worst, he had not dreamed of anything half so bad as this. . He be lieved what he had heard; 'there was that in Mrs Vavasor's face and voice, with all their malice, that showed she spoke the truth. For the second time he had been foiled in the very hour of his triumph. A demoniacal rage filled him against this woman, against, the baronet, against Katherine, against himself. " What a dolt — what an ass I have been!" he muttered inaudibly, grinding his teeth; "what a laughing stock I shall be! But, by Heaven! if I am to lose a fortune, Katherine Dangerfield shall lose a husband. It's one thing to risk Newgate for an heiress, but I'll see all the portionless, adopted daughters this side of the infernal regions at the bot tom of the bottomless pit, before I'll risk it for one of them!" And then Mr Dantree folded his arms in sullen silence, and let things take their course. He knew the worst — he had put his fate to the test, and lost it all. Nothing remained but to see the play played out, to pack his luggage, and at once seek fresh fields and pas tures new. The night was black as Erebus; the cold, cutting sleet still beat, the wind still blew. The street lamps flared and flickered in the soughs of wind in the shops— lights twinkled pleasantly be hind closed blinds. Mrs Vavasor sat opposite him, muffled in her wraps — a demoniacal desire to pitch her headlong out of the carriage was strong upon Mr Dantree. "Little devil!" he thought, looking at her savagely under cover of the dark ness. "She knew it all along and waited for this melo- dramatic climax. It's your turn now, Mrs Vavasor; when the wheel revolves and mine comes, I'll re member this dark night's work." Not one word was spoken until the lights of Scarswood came in sight. Gas ton Dantree's heart was full of passion ate bitterness, as the huge gate lamps hove in view. And to-morrow all this might have been his. "Curse the luck!" he thought. "I might have known that old harridan, Fortune, could have nothing so good in store for a stepson like me." They whirled up under the frowning stone arch— up under the black, rocking trees. The whole long front of the old mansion was brilliant with illumination. The great portico entrance stood Wide ; they saw squire Talbot and Captain De- vere come out with anxious faces; they saw Miss Talbot in her white festal robes float down the black, oaken stairway. "All waiting for the bridegroom!" Mrs Vavasor said, with her habitual short laugh. "Do you go forward, Mr Danger- field, and relieve their anxiety. We fol low." ' Peter Dangerfield sprang up the steps — never in all his life before half so nimb ly, And Edith Talbot flitted forward to him, smiling, but with an anxious quiver in her voice. " 'Oh, come ye' in peace here, or come ye in war, or to dance at our bridal, young Lord Lochinvar?' Mr Danger- field, where is Mr Dantree?" "Mr Dantree is here." 1-Ie spoke very quietly, but what hid den delight gleamed in his small pale eyes! If they only knew! He stepped on one side, and Gaston Dantree and Mrs Vavasor stood revealed. One glance at the bridegroom's face, and blank silence fell. What had hap pened? Surely never bridegroom, from Adam down, wore so black and gloomy a scowl on his wedding- night! Edith Talbot recoiled with clasped hands; her brother and the captain of dragoons stood looking at him aghast. "By Jove, Dantree," the gallant cap- tain managed to stammer at last, "you 1 look awfully cut up, you know. What the deuce is the row? Don't you know you're behind time, man, and — I say, old boy, I hope nothing serious is the matter you know?" "Something serious is the matter," Peter Dangerfield made answer, gravely, for the gentleman addressed only scowl ed a little more blackly; and we wish to see Sir John immediately. Miss Tal bot, we are going to the library; will t you tel'l my uncle to join ns there? And if you can keep Katherine out of the way for the next half-hour, perhaps it will be as well." He led the way to the library, his two companions after him; Mr Dantree stalking along like a spectre. ' The vast and spacious library was bril- , liantly lighted by a cluster of wax lights ' and the flicker of a dying fire. Shadows crouched darkly in the corners, and the bloody hand shone vividly en the es cutcheon over the mantelshelf. The long silken curtains were undrawn; out side, by a faint lighting in the northern sky, the tossing,'- wind-blown trees, the slanting sweep of the rain could be seen. Outside there was the uproar of the storm; inside dead stillness remained, j Peter Dangerfield took a seat deep i-n > the shadow of the vast Maltese window, and looked round the lofty and noble room as he had never looked before. . The dark Avails lined with books from ceiling to- floor, the busts, tlie bronzes, the pictures,, and the heavily Icaiwed old furniture. One day all this wl-uld be his his— one day— one day! There AA-as a luxurious easy-chair draA\m up before the fire; into this Mrs Vavasor sank, throwing back her Avrap. Mr Dantree stood near — his elbow on the mantelpiece — his dark, angry eyes fixed on the fire — his mouth set under his black moustache, stern and grim. There av as neither pity nor mercy in his heart for the girl Avho loved him. He had not been spared; .why should he- spare? He haxl imver loved her — he hated her in this hour. 1 So he waited — how long he never kneAV —full of silent, sullen fury, all the more dangerous from this outward quiet. And then the door opened, and Sir John Dan gerfield came in. His secret A\ras told — the woman had played him false. Peter Dangerfield IcneAV all, and Gaston Dantree kneAv that Ka therine AAas not his daughter. The mur der was out. \- Sir John drew a long breath — absolute ly a breath of intense relief. He had dreaded this hour unutterably; he had stooped to deception, to falsehood, and bribery, for the first time in all his brave life, to avert it; and now that it had come he thanked Heaven. He could breathe freely and face his fellow-men again; he could hold his head erect among his peers once more. His great love had made him a coAvard; his life had been unmistakably miserable under the bur den of the secret he dared not tell. But another had told it in spite of him; he was free. He flung back his head proudly, and walked into their midst with his firm, soldierly step and stately bearing, and stood directly opposite Gaston Dantree. The Southerner lifted his gloomy eyes, and the gaze of the tAvo men met— steady, stern, unflinching. "You are late, Mr Dantree," the baro net said, coldly and briefly. "You pay your bride a poor compliment by keep ing her waiting on her bridal eve." "I greatly doubt, Sir John, whether there will be either bride or bridal to night. Certainly, before Miss Danger- field — if there be any such person — be comes Mrs Dantree, you will clear up a little statement of Mrs Vavasor's. She tells us the young lady you have palmed Upon us as your daughter and heiress is . Who is she, Sir John Danger- field?" The baronet turned his eyes for the first" time upon Jhe little figure in the arm-chair. "You have broken faith with me, Har riet Harman. You took my money, and meant to betray me." "I took your money and meant to be tray you! Yes. -I would not have for feited my revenge for three times the money." "I might have knoAvn it. Then you ha Are told these two men — all?" "I have told them nothing "Us yet, save the bare fact that Katherine is not your daughter. Mr Dantree did me the hon or to 'disbelieve me. It isn't for his in terest, you see, as it is for your nephew's to believe it, so I brought them here to relate the story in your presence. They can't Arery well refuse to credit it, then; and, as I still trust, the wedding will go on," Avith her most satirical smile; "and as I don't wish to keep poor little Kathie Availing any longer than is absolutely necessary, I will begin at once. If my memory fails me in any minor particular, Sir John, or if any of my statements are incorrect, you will be good enough to set me right. Messieurs Dantree and Dangerfield, listen!" (To be Continued.) 