NEWS ifl SftlST. Australasian. upossums declared native game.— 'Government Gazette," 23rd ult. Chief Justice Way, of South Austra lia, will return to Adelaide In October. Mr Justice Williams proposes to take a tup to -New uaieaonia uuluh.- Ing bis seat on the Supreme Court Bench. His Excellency the Governor left Melbourne on the 29th ult. in his yacht the Sunbeam. His Excellency's des tination is ' Newcastle,- New South Wales. /IBen Tillell'.' does not think the working man in New .Zealand quite appreciates the grand opportunities he has under the Labor Legislation. He is too apathetic. A "ghost" has turned np at Brighton, frightening some of the residents. It is evidently of the ordinary suburban type of spectre, amenable to exorcism at the hands of the police. In 1896 no less than 080 males and 433 females, or 1113 in all, wore received in to the gaols on cnarges ol" vagrancy, . but in 556 eases they were sent to the prisons really for medical purposes. Ken- (the Now South Wales amateur champion) and Goodson (the amateur champion of Australia) defeated in the competition for the Half-mile World s Amateur Championship, at Glasgow. Victoria Park State school. Abbots- ford, was discovered to be on fire early ' c»..i ji. I.fllf rtf 4l.il 1i«:;lr1intr IMJ OUlUiUU.V. UUli UiWL \JL IUC 'niuu'u,., excepting the brick walls, was destroy ed, while a great amount of damage was done over the other half. The Chief Justice has sanctioned the proposal of the reduction of the capital of Howard Smith and Sous Ltd. from LI, 000,000 to L250.000. The ap plication was made by Mr Topp, in structed by Mr \V, H. Croker. "Look here, the next time your hus band gives you a thrashing, 1 hope lie will give you a good one."— l)r. Fether- ' stone, to a female complainant who wanted to withdraw a charge of as sault against her husband. Fie, lie. doctor. Lambeth Conference decides that the title of Archbishop shall be conferred upon the Metropolitan Anglican Bishop of Sydney and Primate of Australia. Dr Saumarez Smith will, consequently, be the first Anglican Archbishop in Australia. The question whether the Bank of Victoria was authorised to realise on Mr George Bird's life policy is involved in an action which is now before tlie Su preme Court. Mr Bird takes exception to the action of the bank, and claims L1000, and the return ol his poncj . A saving of at least L5000 a year will be effected to Victoria by the new arrangement with regard to the inscrip tion of the colony's stock in the Agent- General's office. Sir George Turners visit to Loudon was a highly profitable commercial investment for Victoria. Never mind how bad a man's charac ter was, be should be fairly treated by the police. He made the remark with the object of showing the police that they should not act in such a way as .would give any appearance of unfair' treatment. — Dr. Lloyd. Quite right, sir. The cross-country jockeys have pre pared a petition to the committee of the V.H.C., requesting that the propos ed reduction of fees for jumping races be abandoned. The "jumping jockeys" submit L.iiit to become a good rider . over hurdles and fences requires a long training' and experience, and that the. business is specially hazardous . The gross cost in 1896 for the main tenance and control of prisoners, and for stores purchased on account of the manufactures at Peutridge for penal and gaol purposes only, was 1.50,827 16s Cd. In 1895 it was L50.617 lis Gel. The cash earnings, etc., of prisoners in 1896 amounted to L5,409 -5s 4d, or L4 Is 3d per head, which reduces the cost per head to L34 Is lid: " In lS9i the daily avera'ge' number of persons confined in our penal establish ments was 1880, in 1895 it was 1412, and in 1896 it was 1332. The Inspector- General attributes this falling off to a v£ry great extent to the attractions of Western Australia. This is shown by the numerous letters from ex- Victorian convicts containing pressing invitations to prisoners to join them on discharge. .Ellen Mary. Fuller, fouud guilty last week of child abandonment, was sen- . fenced on the 30lh ult. by Mr Justice A'Beckett to twelve months' imprison ment, a sentence apparently light, when compared with his Honor's remarks. A case will, on Mr Eagleson's application,, be stated for the Full .Court on the question of the admission of an adver- X tlsement, and the want of evidence of abandonment. , In the Legislative Assembly on the 29tb ult., in reply to Mr Hamilton, the Attorney-General stated that- the Crown Law Department had under . consideration?, tlie question of an appeal to the Full C6urt against tlie decision . jof the Clilgf Justice in regard to the . case of tli solicitor, William Fowling. . Who charged Henry Lyfield the sum of IiltHl for defending, hhn on a charge . r; / \ t x X ; -yiaqggWtt iklfljSell states Tjjat. - Mary Ann fflev hnhgsg herself WStgjfea, : bourne on Sunday night, and produced a piece of bayband which, she says, she cut from the deceased's neck. The pre sence of a mark on the neck tended to support that statement, but Dr Brett's post-mortem examination on Tuesday disclosed the fact that death was due to disease of the kidneys. The Abbotsford State School, burnt down on Saturday, was not insured. It. is not the practice of the Education Department to insure school buildings. The annual bill for premiums would be much heavier, it is considered, than the cost of restoring structures destroyed by fire. There, have been only three seiiool fires, of any consequence, includ ing tlie one under notice, during the last twenty-four years. The estimated -receipts and expendi ture of .the Metropolitan Board of Works for the year eomeneing Lst July are as follows Receipts, Water supply, L159.COO; sewerage. 1.4400; in terest on deposit receipts. L10.000; de ficiency. to be provided for by rate, L22S.538. ; total, L402.538. Expendi ture—Balance from last year. L100.53S; general management, L24.000; main tenance, L27.000; interest. L245.000; to tal, L402.538. There was a neighbor's assault ease on at tlie North Melbourne Court dur ing which baif a brick was produced as an exhibit. Wbeu the ease was over the brick was accidentally left on the witness-box. The first witness in the next case, wlio had been making re peated visits to --a hotel close by when asked, after being sworn, to "kiss the hook." by a mistake picked up the brick. The oath was not binding, and no was sworn over agaiu. .iuu mc brick came down." Codes of morality have been said to vary with climatic conditions and geo graphical positions. This proposition had what might be regarded as an ex emplification in Melbourne when a Ce lestial defendant was questioned as to ids occupation. Promptly eamuthcreply "I'm a ga miller." There was a laugli lu tlie court, but the witness smiled serenely as though lie had made a de claration which entitled him to be looked up to. Some Western people would, perhaps, not have been so can did. In his report for the year 1 896. the In spector-General of Penal Establish - meats states that in September last a serious collapse took place in the outer walls of Peutridge Prison. One portion measuring no less than 750 feiet has since been entirely re-built, and another portion, measuring 130 feet, will aiso have to be similarly dealt with. The pri soners provided 10,000 feet of building stone from the prison quarries, and also the necessary bluestono metal, which they made into concrete. Mr E. T. Apps, conductor of the Try Excelsior class at Moor street, Fitzroy, has issued an urgent and pathetic ap peal to the generosity of the public for contributions towards providing boots for tlie poor children of Fitzroy during tlie winter. Mr Apps calls attention to the fact that a large number of children are prevented from attending school owing to tlie fact of their having no boots and stockings. The appeal is in the fonn of subscription cards, which can be filled up with penny donations, and the amount of one shilling only is solicited with each card. The request certainly merits a liberal response. OiTbearing of the victory of the Vic torian Bifie Association's team in the Kolapore Cup competition at Bisley, tlie Minister of Defence made a minute that the nicmb — « of the whole contin gent were to 1 . seated with the Lee- Metford rifles „itli which they shot. The rifles were procured by the depart ment for the members of the team on their reaching England. Having made up his mind to do what has been stated, Mr M'Cuilocli was not at all pleased to read a report in the press that a certain officer remarked at a recent meeting of the V.R.A. Council, that the competi tors would "stick" to their rifles. One of the difficulties which is always encountered in dealing with certain classes of aged poor is indicated in a paragraph in the last report of the In spector-General of Penal Establish ments. Geelong Gaol, as is well-known, has, of late years, been converted into what is practically a poor-house for old people of the vagrant class. Captain Evans states that recently five separa tion yards have been erected by prison lauor, aim ue uuus l uc.v « cut iiiucij required to permit of greater facilities for separating the quarrelsome invalid convicts, amongst whom, in many in stances, tlie spirit of rebellion and mis chief break out in fits and starts.'' The revenue of the Customs Depart ment has for a considerable time past been showing a steady and very grati fying improvement. The gross re venue collected during the month ol July amounted to L197,5G8. including L11.04G excise beer duty. Tlie draw backs, etc., amounted to L13.424, which leaves the net revenue of the department LI 84,144. This sum exceeds ihe esti mate by L5.111, and the revenue of the previous month by L38,S73. It is alsc 1.6/542 in excess of tlie net revenue ol July last year. Dr. Wolbistou, on be ing asked how this very satisfactory in crease is to be accounted for simplj smiled genially, and remarked laconi cally, "returning prosperity and impro veuieut in trade generally." A Bill to amend the Auction Salei Act. 1890. has been introduced into tin Legislative Assembly by Mr O'Neill who is himself a Knight of the Hank mer. The Bill aims at compelling aue J tioneers to keep a register of cattle sold by them to be transmitted weekly to clerks of petty sessions, and pro-" vides for the transfer .of auctioneers/ licenses and the Issue of temporary 1% censes for the use of clerks or deputies under certain circumstances. Power is; also given to the court to grant to an ajgent representative of the trustees of the estate of a deceased auctioneer au-H thority to carry on the business of the deceased until the expiration of the i-period specified in. the license, and to- j transfer a license temporarily to ano- i 1 her person during the absence from the colony of the holder. 