kiss-m-tlie-Rmg Religion. STRANGEST. OF STRANGE SECTS. Strangest of the strange sects are the %True Believers' of Southern Kansas. The head of the Believers is Joab Morris, ?a horse trader. One of his sons-in- law, Bohall, is the preacher of the sect. An other, named Darling, is the master of ?an ' unknown tongue,' with which he .impresses 'the credulous. Morris and Darling cannot read or write ; Boha 1 -can barely read. At night the meetings -are held when the spirit moves. The Jnen sit at one end of the hovel, the ?women at the other. The grunting ?of pigs and the lowing of cows come to the ear over the low partition. The sermon of Joseph*BohalI is made up -of familiar phrases caught from frontier preachers. Suddenly among the listen ing worshippers James Darling jumps , to his feet — ' Ki yi, how poco poki, Id yi,' he said, as taken down by a re porter, and then he sat down trembling in every limb, and shuffling and patting his teet. upon the ground. '? The Holy Ghost, speaking in the unknown tongue,' was solemnly whispered around and the feeling grew, intense. The audience swayed- their bodies in unison as Bohall resumed his talk. The spirit had entered into the faithful, and all else was forgotten in this religious 'ecstacy. ?Then'- Darling rose again 'and 'inter- preted for those not blessed with \- the gift of - the unknown tongue. ' Be faithful and ? persevering and you will succeed,' he said was. , the meaning of what he had; said, before' in the new tongue, and ?- the interpretation was accepted with prayers, auiens, and utter belief. Then came a session of ex periences, 'and eauh one in tur n related _,liow the spirit had worked1 within him and caused him to do this or that in the furtherance of the faith of the ' True Followers. ' The faithful then formed in a circle. ' Two ' basins of. water u ere brought out of the house. One was '. handed to the side of, the ring formed by the women, and the other Avas given to the men. Morris and Bohall each tied' a towel about their loins and washed their feet, and then each washed those of the person next to them. That person in turn took the towel, and girding up his or her loins washed the feet of the one who sat next. ' This was kept up until the feet of all ,th'e faithful had been washed. \- Then the Holy Sacrament' 'was partaken jof. Pbkeberry wine and coarse bread were used. During all this time Darl ing broke qnt occasionally with speeches in the unknown tongue, which speeches he translated almost immediately. They were mostly exhortations to the faithful to persevere, and promising future hap piness for so doing. Toward? the end of the meeting Darling would go into fits of trembling and ' feet shuffling be t'ore he spokW His nervous sufferings seemed real,' and they effected the crowd sympathetically. . Then came the cere mony of the holy kiss. The faithful stood in a circle, men and women alternating. .Each preacher kissed the woman on his right hand, then the man next to the Avoman, 'and so on around the circle, luitil they had kissed everybody there. After the first got well under way in his Icissing tour the next one followed, and , the scene soon resembled an old-fashioned country dance in the figure of ' grand chain,' or, as - the callers used to announce, ' Right hand to the lady, left hand to the gent : all hands lound.' ?J3y this time the True Followers were nearly fa a frenzy, and they sobbed, groaned, and prayed aloud. After quiet had been restored, which was not for several moments, Joab Morris arose with a Bible in his ? hand and began to preach. He cannot read, but -he said he could answer any question about anything in it, for those who could read only knew what they read, but as Christ spoke through him he knew its moaning. Then the ' unknown tongue ' interrupted Morris' vigorous preaching and pounding of the book he held in his hand, and the ' ki-yi-poco-cu-ki-yi ' from Darling's strong lungs sounded shrilly in the night. The startled - horses stopped munching hay, and the pigs roused up and squealed. The faithful never learned what the Holy Ghost had said to them this time, for tlfe man who spake in new tongues fell into a trance and Avas carried into the house. -He often does this, they say, and some times does not come to life for many hours. For some time Jaob Morris has preached the coming of Christ in the near future, and the wisdom of ceasing work and selling all one's- goods to prepare for -the great event. Morris is a tall, finely built man. Darling, the man who has the gift of the ' unknown tongue ' is a heavy, stupid and surly fellow, ignorant as a human being could well be, and almost idiotic in his appearance 'and actions. He has the power of working liimself into a religious frenzy, which always results in unconsciousness. The Believers cure, or profess to cure, by the laying on of hands. A farmer named George Huffman had two children ill. Both were treated in tin* manner, and both died without medical attendance. A ^physician in the neighborhood says they had chicken pox, and could easily have been saved. JLhey believe that they can pick up snakes unharmed, although one has died in trying it. They claim that his faith was not perfect. The meetings of the True Followers are not always without dramatic incident. It is told of one who joined that as he was about to partake of the sacra ment he Avho spake the unknown tongue forbade him. saying the new member Avas still possessed of a devil. Great excite ment and consternation followed, and the entire assembly set to work to pray «?« the devil out. ? After several hours of struggle the devil fled from the repentant brother and took to his heels down a ravine in the black jacks, with theAvhole congregation yelling at his heels. The devil was finally treed and shot to death with real powder, and ball, and the church again Avent into a session in which the cleansed brother Avas allowed to partake of the sacrament. The True Followers have a bay-horse rider and a black-horse rider. The black horse goes about the country when ''? it is not yet time, but when Christ is near or the, earthquake is about to come the bay-horse rider will scour the country, giving Avarning to the True Followers that they may be on their knees ?nhen the end is come. 