THE POET'S WIFE. "Do you see that couple sitting on the seat at the far end of the gardens P That is Hubert Wray, the blind poet, and his wife. They have a house on the mountain side, and often come here to enjoy the view over the lake. "We will walk round the path, so that you may see him close at hand. He is almost as interesting in himself as in his writings." "Ah! I should like that! He is a fine \- fellow, and I am almost more anxious to see his wife than himself. She must be one woman in a thousand, to judge from all she has done for him." My friend glanced at me beneath bent brows J. curious look and one which in flied much. In an instant I inferred that my expectations concerning Mrs. Wray were doomed to disappointment, and yet, as one of the most ardent of the poet's disciples, I had flattered myself that I knew all that an outsider night about his private life. Hubert "Wray had already made his mark as the most promising of the younger poets, when a long-dreaded catastrophe closed his eyes and sepa- i rated him from the world of beauty which he loved. The blow was crushing, and threatened to devastate his life. The bird could not sing within his darkened '' cage ; he wandered about from one place to another, accompanied only by a faithful man-servant, shunning the society of his fellows and brooding hopelessly on his loss. Then, after six years of lonely misery, he met the woman who was now his wife She had been to him as the recovery of , eights and the words in which his later volumes of poems had been dedicated _ showed the almost idolatrous worship with which he regarded her in return Margaret Wray had long lived in my imagination as the ideal woman, and now \- in a moment that keen, silent glance had shattered the illusion and left me ex- pectant of dissappointment. I asked no questions, but gazed with a. deepening curiosity at the poet, and his wife as they sat on the seat before us. From their position they might have passed for lovers, for the two figures inclined towards each other with that air is of absorbing interest in the conversation on hand which is not often seen in a married couple of seven or eight years' standing, while the sound of a woman's musical laugh, rang out now and then, followed by such -a hearty echo as gave the pleasantest assurance of the poet's happiness, A few yards further and I could see the clean-cut features with which the photographs had made me familiar, and in a rapid glance assure myself that his wife possessed luxuriant hair and a gale of unusual grace and symmetry, She was beautiful, after all, I told myself, but even as the thought passed \- through my mind, she turned her face towards me, and I felt an instant shock or. repulsion. The eyes were alight with life, yet the effect which her appearance made upon the beholder was much the same as that caused by the unexpected sight of a face from which, the light of intellect has faded. An indescribable brand was upon it, and the sight left me "cold and trembling. "We walked the full length of the path, then I turned and looked at my companion. in God's name, what is it? What is the matter ?" "A deformed face. Poor thing-a pitiful object. A stroke, I should say, caused by a sudden chill or shock. One side of the face is twisted, and when she speaks the contortion is increased. Ter- ribly tragic, for she must have been a handsome woman before it happened. The profile is beautifully cut." " And that is Margaret Wray, Hubert Wray's wife the man whose prevailing spasm is love of beauty, who has a nor '^î-^lîSÎTor Of ugliness, and'evei^nr-hi. blindness "cannot endure to live. among the sordid surroundings of a city'!" "But he cannot see her, remember. No man with his eyes open could have married such a woman, but she is a perfect companion, and has made his happiness. I stayed for some weeks in the hotel, and before I left the unexpected had happened, for I had made the acquaintance of the poet, and enjoyed some " memorable conversations, in which I was more and more charmed with his person , ality. He had heard that my name was among the list of visitors, and as some of my literary efforts had been fortunate enough to attract his attention, had expressed a wish to receive me at his house. In visiting him I naturally saw much of his wife. She shrank from me at first with the shyness which she showed to all strangers, but when she found that my society gave her husband pleasure, her reserve melted and she gave me a kindly welcome. ''He had been blind like Wray, I must have loved her too, for her voice was as music in its soft full cadence, and of all women I have met she possessed the greatest charm of conversation A few apt, happy words, and the scene-the individual-the situation, stood out before the eyes as in a picture She had the power of seizing the salient point of K narrative, and missing out unnecessary detail, while every now and then out flashed a spark of humour, so keen, so fresh, and scintillating that the hearer could not restrain his delight. Wray's melancholy vanished in her company as mist before the sun. Half a dozen times, in the course of a conversation, she would turn towards me, his sightless eyes appealing for sympathy in his delight and pride. "Isn't she wonderful ?" he would cry. is" Most people walk blindfolded through the world, but Margaret sees everything She weaves a story out of the most com v monplace materials, and she shares everything with me. I see again through her eyes." He often referred to his blindness, and that in such an open, natural manner that one day I ventured to ask if there was any hope that his sight could be restored. His face fell. " Not HOW," he said. " There was once. An oculist proposed an operation a few years ago ; it was performed, but was unsuccessful, and that settled the question for life. Nothing more can be done." I murmured some words of sympathy for what must have been a cruel disappointment. " "That was terrible almost worse than She first blindness. The renewal of hope, the suffering, the suspense-all for nothing. No, not for nothing," he said quickly I had my . reward." He put out his hand with a pathetic, groping gesture, and laid it on his wife's shoulder. "I was worth it all, Leyland, for I had a few moment's sight. I saw the sky again, and the green earth, and, what I longed for most of all, my wife's beautiful once I had never seen her-imagine it-my own wife! But God gave me that glimpse, and I am satisfied. I would have borne any suffering to have known that moment ! Margaret Wray and I sat silent, gazing at each other. Her face worked in pitiful convulsion, the dark eyes -sought mine, humble, imploring, like those of an animal in pain. I could not meet that glance and keep my com- posure. The lake grew misty before my Bight, and my voice faltered as I spoke. "You are so fortunate man, Wray. Ton have the best gift that this world can give." Some time afterwards I heard the strange and pathetic story of this incident in the poet's life, which I now give as nearly as possible as it was told to me. as the sixth year of Hubert Wray's blindness he was spending the summer in one of the smaller mountain hotels In Switzerland, where he was out of the winters the ordinary tourist, and could secure the quiet which, he coveted. The mood of brooding melancholy had settled upon him, and he kept aloof from the other visitors, sitting for hours upon a seat on the terrace, his hands clasped on his knee, his head hanging forward on his chest. One morning as he sat thus a rustling of garments came to his ear ; he was aware that a lady had seated herself beside him, and presently a voice addressed him by name. " Will it disturb you, Mr. Wray, if I sit here for a few minutes ? I think we share a weakness for this seat. There is no other in the garden so comfortable and so delightfully situated. The words were commonplace, but the voice charmed Wray's" sensitive ear, and the desire to hear it again superseded his disinclination for conversation. He turned towards the speaker, and said, wistfully " Please don't let me drive you away. Perhaps I have been selfish in monopolising the best place. Any other would do equally well for me. I cannot see the view-" " Shall I show it to you ?" she said gently, and before he could answer she began to paint the scene before them in beautiful glowing words-the lake, with the reflection of the mountains thrown across the blue ; the little steamer round- ing the bay, its smoke luminous in the sunlight; the nearer heights green with the verdure of summer; the solemn pines rising behind; the snow peaks towering into the sky. The clouds drift- ing across the sun, clapping the mountain sides with light and shade; she described each fresh effect as it appeared and he grasped it with his keen poetic sense. The scene took shape before his eyes; he saw it so clearly that he trembled as he sat, and his heart beat in his ears. Sympathising friends tried to perform this office for him before now with disheartening results, but this woman lent him her own eyes, and as he listened the words shaped themselves into a stately measure, and the lost gift of song came back to life. After this they met daily, and spent hours wandering together about the mountain side. He wondered often how it happened that a woman of such fascination should share his own distaste for society, but it was not a characteristic which he was inclined to deplore, since she never disguised the pleasure which she felt in his company. Conceive what it must have been to a woman in her position ! To have been beautiful, to know herself possessed of exceptional charm, to find herself at one stroke marked out from the rest of the world an object of pity and repulsion; and then to be brought in contact with a master mind to find all that she had longed for in the way of companionship and sympathy, and that in one whose eyes were mercifully closed at her affliction! Once more she was young and beautiful once more she could receive the tribute of admiration so dear to a woman's heart; she bloomed into fresh charm beneath the enchanting experience, while Wray sat enthralled, feeling old hopes and ambition revive with every hour spent in her company. One day he asked her to write a poem at his dictation, and when she expressed her delight he turned his sightless eyes upon her and said, "It is more yours than mine. I have not written for years, but you gave me the thought, and the words, and the courage to begin afresh." He was silent for a moment, then added, hurriedly, and with an embarrassment which told its own tale, "You have shown me so much, will you show me one thing more your own face ? May I pass my fingers over it for a moment, so that I may be able to think of you as you are ?',' She bent forward instantly, presenting to him the uninjured side of her face, underlying her features, in rigid stillness. The sensitive fingers touched the waving hair, then gently, reverently, traced the outline of the profile, the aquiline of the nose, the full ups, the chin with its curve and dimple. Her face was deathly white the while, and heart breaking in its agony of suspense, but the touch revealed only the beauty of outline, and gave no hint of disfigurement. " Thank you !" he said faintly. " You are very beautiful. I knew it must be so, but I shall never see you. ... If I could have one moment's sight, I would choose to see your face, that I might have it with me in the darkness." He had never spoken so plainly before, and the day came when they were to start on separate paths, and still no words of love had been exchanged. . It was only when she gave him her hand in fare- well that Wray's composure failed, and he stood before her in the garden path white and trembling with emotion. "If I were a man," he cried, " and not a maimed, helpless log, I would not let you go. You have given me fresh life ; I love you as God's own sunshine, but it would be a sin to bind you down to a darkened life." " Then, as I am a woman," she said bravely, I ask you to let me stay, for I shall be bound, indeed, if I am away from you, and the sunshine loves to light the dark places-" So they were married, and for the next five years lived a life of unbroken happiness. Their home was situated in the depths of the country, where Wray devoted himself to writing with all the added power which he had gained by years of suffering, Fame came to him, and words of appreciation from far and near. If he had wished he might have been a lion in society, but he preferred to live in seclusion, visited from time to time by such friends as had been proved and tested. On the first introduction to his wife, these visitors experienced a shock of surprise and repulsion ; but after a few days spent in her company, they mentally congratulated Wray on the perfectness of the companionship which he had secured, and rejoiced even more in the happiness of a sweet and good woman, most cruelly afflicted. At the end of five years a chance meeting in an hotel threatened to ruin the peacefulness of Margaret Wray's life. A young oculist introduced himself to the poet's notice, asked permission to make an examination, and gave it as his opinion that while t>e cataract in one eye was beyond cure, an operation might probably restore sight to the Other. It was the first glimmering of hope which Wray had known. He was wildly excited - eager to be treated without delay; full of joyful anticipations; but to his wife the tidings came as a warrant to her own doom. She knew her husband's weaknesses by this time as well as his virtues': his shrinking from all that was painful, his craving after beauty in every shape. At the best the sight of her deformed face must be a cruel disillusion; there were moments when she doubted if his love would outlive the shock and the knowledge that she had wilfully fostered a false impression. The operation was performed, and during the next two days Wray's eyes were closely bandaged. They were the longest days which Margaret had ever known, but they came to an end at last. The hour arrived when the dressings were to be removed, and the wife sat waiting without in such an agony of suspense as falls to the lot of few mortals to endure. The doctor glanced keenly at her as he touched her ice-cold hand in greeting, and was so much alarmed by her appearance that he despatched the nurse to act by her side during the critical moments. She was a tall handsome girl, whose acquaintance with the Wray, was of some years' standing, and because she entered into the wife's feeling with a woman's understanding she made no attempt to speak, but only took the cold hands in her own and held them 60 ft ] sympathetic grip, J Margaret Wray stared at her for some moments with vague, unseeing gaze, but gradually the young face, so beautiful in its mood of softened tenderness, woke a throbbing memory in her own heart. Something like this she herself had been before the blow fell which had shattered her life. The luxuriant hair, regular features, and well marked brown made the resemblance something more than a fancy and it seemed to the poor woman as if a ghost of her own past had risen to add fresh bitterness to her hour of humiliation. She looked pitifully at the girl, her need of comfort forcing her into speech. " He has never seen me. He knows nothing and we have been so happy. If his sight comes back he will love me no longer. It will be the end !" " Dear Mrs Wray, don't say so. Don't let yourself think such things. You wrong your husband. _ Even if he were disappointed at first, it would make no real difference. He could not change after all these years." The wife shook her head with the sadness of settled conviction. " He is a man," she said, " and has the artist nature. He would love the memory of the wife whom he has imagined, but every sight of my face would be a fresh shock. He would shrink from me more and more. We would drift apart. I don't blame him. It is his nature. He cannot help it." The girl lifted her head, as if about to speak, but the words died on her lips. The chill in her own blood, the instinc- tive repulsion which held her back when she most longed to comfort proved too surely the truth of the wife's prophecy. So the two women sat in silence until the door opened and the doctor entered. He advanced to the spot where Mrs. Wray sat, his professional reserve giving way to pure human sympathy as he realised what this woman was suffering. "He can see, Mrs. Wray," he said, gently, "but I must tell you that I am not satisfied. - There are symptoms of inflammation, and I fear the sight will not last. I have told your husband my opinion, and that the eye must be re- bandaged without delay, but before that is done he asks-he has sent me he is anxious to see you." The wife looked at him, and her face was the face of a dead woman. " You say-the sight will not last ?" "fear not. It is most improbable, can only say I bitterly regret having caused this disappointment and-pain. Mr. Wray is naturally agitated-you need not stay with him more than a minute; but I fear he will not be satisfied until he has seen you." Margaret's eyes roved round the room like those of a hunted animal, and as they did so they lighted on the figure of the nurse, straining forward in an attitude of anxiety, her face all tearful and quivering. She rose from her seat with a sudden inspiration, and gripped the girl by the shoulder. "You will help me" she gasped. " You can ! You must ! It may be only a moment, and I cannot, cannot ruin his life and mine. I have no one but him. I I I must keep his love, or I shall die." You must go and see him in my place. on You are beautiful. He will be happy remembering your face, and you need not speak. The doctor will bring you away before he suspects !" When she spoke, her fingers were busily engaged in undoing the cap and apron which the nurse wore as badges of her office, and when this was done she held them out with trembling hands, as though mutely asking that they should be fastened on herself. "But, Mrs. Wray, this is not necessary. Spare yourself this at least, is nurse takes your place, there is no reason why you should distress yourself by going into the room." The doctor's, voice was not quite steady as " he spoke, but Margaret's look was full of reproach. "Do you think I could stay away ? If he has not seen me, neither have I seen him with his soul in his eyes. I must go. It will be something to remember all my life. " The poet lay on his bed in the darkened room. The blind of the further window was raised to half its height, and through it could be seen a vista of green boughs waving against the blue. He was looking towards it, but as the doctor led the nurse to the bedside, he turned quickly and gazed into her face. His eyes were dim and cleared and he held one hand before them as though in pain, but with the other he drew her down nearer and nearer, until the dark young face was close to his own. " Margaret !" he cried, and his voice was a song of triumph. " My wife ! my beautiful wife !" A sob of contentment broke from his throat. He let his head fall back on the pillow, and held up his lips with a -winsome childlike gesture. " Kiss me, Margarets !" For one instant the girl hesitated, but only one then in full sight of the on looking figure, she bent her head, and the poet's lips pressed her in a close lingering kiss. Margaret Wray neither moved nor spoke; it was the nurse whose self-possession failed, and the doctor hurried her from the room in momentary fear of discovery. Outside in the sitting room the two women faced each other, silent and trembling. Then suddenly the girl burst into a torrent of tears, and threw her arms around Margaret's neck.- kissed her passionately on cheek says bp and brow. .' Take it back she sobbed. " Take it j back ! It is yours-he meant it for you ' He loves you only. He will love you as long as he lives !" But Margaret Wray was a true woman. She stood rigid beneath the embracing arms, and he lips refused to return the The doctor's prognostication proved to be too well founded. The inflamma- tion increased rather than diminished. When next the dressings were removed Wray's sight had faded so much that he could just distinguish between night and day, and by degrees the darkness closed groundliim/from «_JÔ_ there was no hope of escape. It was a bitter disappointment, but he bore it bravely, without any relapse into the hopeless despondency of the past, and when he alluded to the incident it was rather in a spirit of thankfulness than of repining. "God was good. He gave me my heart's desire. I saw the sky again and the green earth, and my wife's face-her beautiful face !" Then he would stretch out his hand to find there, while she turned to the listener, craving his silence with pitiful eyes. It says much for a world which is often called by harsh names that throughout their travelling together neither man nor woman was found cruel enough to shatter Wray's illusion, or to breathe a word to destroy his dream. The story of the blind poet who believed so firmly in the beauty of his afflicted wife touched the coldest heart, and won for both a tender, pitiful regard. So they live in peace and happiness, and every night of his life Hubert Wray thanks Heaven for the remembrance of his wife's face, while Margaret, kneeling beside her bed, cries to God that, of His mercy, He will give back to her in Heaven her vanished beauty, so that Hubert, whom she loves, may not be disappointed. Tit-Bits. 