A miracle In Sydney. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCOBE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOB BY A PBOMINENT MEMBEB OF PAB LIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON SIDERED INCOBABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CON QUERED. A GBEAT VICTORY FOB DB. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the Australian Workman.) ON Thursday afternoon, our representative made bis way to tbe humble borne of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown Lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was np and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, Bnd a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : " Yon want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad ot an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to thoBe who are stricken as I was." " How long were yon suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I waB badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the acoident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give np my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms?" "Simply indesoriable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as mnch as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 2Srd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order 1" "No; I came borne and vent to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I conld not walk across the floor; in foot, I conld not get ont of bed. I felt then that it was all over with tne, and only a question of days when I wonld give op the ghost. My dootor was attending me, and did all he conld, by opiam and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was nnder him for five or six weeks. He oameto the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal oord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for tea yean, and that I might never get the use of my legs, (Jast then the patieat kicked his legs about with enewy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as & drowning man will grasp at a Itnw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise ment describing the core effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in tbe Avitralian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. X read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give tbe Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as tbougb nothing was tbe matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. 1 immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I bave taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk abont with tbe aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, re recovering my former vigor and vitality. Too see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I bave never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink PillB, but I was too weak to use them, and now 1 don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. Ton see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis . looked ten yean younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all tbe feeling has come bade in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during tbe past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor (rave me to deaden the excruciating fain. But they can stay where they are, for no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms all what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing oures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an im poverished state of the blood, suob as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general mus cular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the N.B.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remark able case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen 6ays he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which be developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that' there was little chance of bis recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been .pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowfa was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the com plete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable' from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medioine Coy., Queen's Plaoe, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order one box for. 2s. 9d., or £ doten for 14s. 9d. Thb Beethoven Piano is an instrument with a full rich tone, and unexcelled for bringing forth the melody of the great maestro. Cash or easy time payments. Prioo list on application.-Wh. Mtotbo & Co., Bast-St., Bockhampton. 