AT THE BEEHIVE. GEMS FROM “BONNIE DOON.” MOSQUITO. “Most people who hare visited the birth place of the poet Burns have seen the could brig (bridge) that spans the Doon, near the [?] clay bigging where the p[?] first saw the light ot'day'aud olo*o lo AUoway Kirk, the tjoene of that momorsblo uiobt when the nitobos pullod tbo tail from Tam O’ Bbantoc * auld grey mare, Meg.”—Scottish-Quldo*book. Three countries which moat strangely ap peal to sentiment and to imagination are throe of the smallest d.ounfcriea iu Greece, Scotland. Within the j dimensions of a severely limited sketch it I is impossible to even glance at the causa* { which have made such tiny countries fill j sC big a space in the minds of men of different times and of so many nations. Wo who are natives of -this Unth of-Australia —now and'bard as ■ re-’ gards great and exciting human associa tions and great and exciting and lasting national achievements —can, only faintly imagine the patriotic and romantic in teresfc which in older countries attaches •to landscape and.' seascape;.,;.as olsoitp' so; many of the habitations and architectural memorials and remnants of such memorials erected by men's hands. Who of us could imagine a whole volume—several volumes—of poetry and tradition to be bound up^aeitwore, in » lit’le bit of oixr Bendigo sands’oue—o tiny piece of sandstone that would per haps in weight barely tho twp'penny weight clip in a-gold buyer's scalds ?- And yet I have had a sight of such a little bit of etouo from far away Scotland. It is, I .believe, a wee fragment of a water formed rock called wbinetoue, „ Ip Scotland there are millions upon millions of tons of simitar stone. It is a stone as hard and sturdy amongst stones.asiis the national character amongst men. It is as bard, in short, os the “ Devil’s Bock” on the Snob’s Hill Keefe, and most of our miners know, what that means, too that it had to' ‘be, for the identical stone that the little fragment was broken from In Scot land has been in active and useful service from time immemorial. Scotland contains millions upon millions of tons of th<> same character of stone. Bat the wboK; world only contains one “keystone o’ the Brig o’ Doon." The stone of which 1 am writing is a wee chip trom ; that “key* stane,” Lot a letter to our old townsman, Mr. Alexander Oowan, of Brougbair street, bo who with his rich and faithfully preserved Doric is always one of the bea : reminders that we have at local Burns anniversaries that there is such a country as Scotland—let a letter from his brother at borne—“ home,” in this specially moaning the country of the Doon and Ayr—toll its . own'., simple and .direc story :— “Mavbole, Ei-b. 18, 1897. “ Donr Brother,—After » long nili-ooe I lift my poo to toroll you a tew linos to lot you kuorr that X am Stilt io tho land of tho living and thy plaoo of hope. This finds us all welt and in (ho best of spirits. All my brother* and sisters are well. .... Doar Aliok, along with this loiter you will receive a suiail box, and io it a treasure you will prjz» above all you have ever received in your land of adoption. It is a scarf pio. Tbo stouo is part of tho keystaoo of tbo nud brig o’ Doon I out it off myself for tho purpose. Tho pearl is one I got mytolf in tbo D.ion ooar to tbo. pirn mill [bobbin or reel factory], tho scene of many of your happiest days, day* never to re turn. Tbo silver is a shilling that belonged to your father and mine—tho last silyer you shall ovor see that ho bandied. What greater rsmombrancors of your native home can - you 1 have than that? It you receive it safe 1 know that there is no goldin -Australia shall ever buy it. Tho stone itself is a treasure, for on ft ‘grey meat* Mog’ must bavo pot her foot on that memorable night when she lost bar tail. The posrl, too, is a treasure booauuo it \vn* got in that river whoso name is known in ail sods of tho earth. Dear Aliok, if you receive it safe, as 1 hope you will, I have no doubt you will take pleasure io (bowing it to your many friend* in Australia, and may Hi who guides and guards us spare you for many a happy day to wear it. X should libo very much to boat from you after receiving this letter, as it is now many a long day since wo heard from you. 'We all join in sending oar kindest love to you, your wife and family. Allow mo, Aliok, to remain your affectionate brother,— Davie.” Now, there is a very nice, affectionate and . characteristic- letter - for one aged brother in Scotland to. write to another aged brother id Australia.'.! believe that it is- forty or fifty: years langeyne sipce last they saw each other. But the “ Alick” tells me, is vividly reminiscent; of their boyhood Ho used; when a lad to fish and fish in the -Doon for pearls. But never could he hit on After waiting for about half a century :t and in his absence his brother some* how captured one and sent it out here to him I (It is a mussel pearl, of course, but “for a’- that and a’ that” :it makes al very pretty little pendent to'the scarfpin and its precious stone*setting. The pearl oysters of Queensland, of Western Aus tralia or of Qeylon do not, thrive ..fa „tbe r iver beds bribe chilly Scottish,; 8 eas. A pearl of any kind, however, from «the Bonnie Doon” is a pearl indeed—a pearl amongst pearls as superior to the common pearl- oyster pearls of the stylish-; and fashionable city jewellers’ shops 'as Scotland’s brave, intelligent, industrious and poetic eons and lovely .daughters .are. to the poor undeveloped “niggers” who grub and dredge their lives away searching for pearls io the long wash of .Australian c and East Indian seas.) The letter is also characteristic." of Scotian ideas ,of Antipodean geography and distances* Little did Brother “Davie” reckon when ho penned tb* words, “your many friends in Australia,” (hat Australia runs into nearly three millions of square miles',".or that though settlement in ' the. 'seven. . : colonies only ‘‘averages'’some fifty year* apiece, we have already-more people’ than the whole of Scotland contains. But not in all Australia, be it remarked, have we one little spot like the valley of Doon that* baa been hallowed to alleges and, through,* out all lauds by the genius of obie man now with bis matchless pathos,, anon with bis insurpassable humor. In my unassisted estimation the story of “Tara O’Shanter,” and “grey raear Mog” is the choicest 'Axcruciat ingly funny • and withal; artistic- "'bit, of humor in the Anglo : Scotian language. Tam’s real name was Dougall Graham. Burns when bo heard of that spree -of theirs at the nappy (ale home) nearly a hundred years ago, changed his,/name to -Tam for the purposes of thepoem. “The Sbanter,” on the other side of Doon (that is the side"opposite to the shanty or shebeen), was, however, the name of Dougall Graham’s farm. “Tam O’Shanter,” or as we might say in Australia, of a similarly drouthy personage “Tam O’ the Shanties” is a very good name. “Soutor Johnny” who lo’ed him like a verra brither” “because bhey Vujed to gfitl'lon’ for niob's and oichts tbegitber” was John Davidson, a journeyman souter (shoe* maker). Johnny used, to journey from farm to farm working a day or two or a week or two as required at each, farm' stead, making and cepaicingib’cbts for Aha farmer and his family. There were no great factories and humming, whirring, sewing machines in those days. They did many things differently 100 years ago. Dougall and John, in their off time, which seemed 7 bh>preUy,' often,4 delighted to toast" eaoh l “'other* aft (he | “nappy” till both would get “blin’ fon.’ ” In consequence Tam’s wife prophesied that late or soon: Tam would' ho found deep drowned la *Doo H Or oatobed wi’ warlooksdptbo mirk,. A H By Allonay’s auld haunted kirk. > . The good woman threatened him with warlocks (male witohes) in the dark by tfche haunted, church: ; It was in returning home’ aft^^pne; -great adventure befel Taro and Meg., As •ha rode'along “ in .the-mirk”pf •bq noticed high; jinks, going oh in tbe - old b!iuVolGycirrlJ was a Wcupurg is meeting ...brownieS,. devils and others of tba hobgoblins ifftr, which Scotland need to be famous tiUJthe schoolmaster and tho newspaper and bock printing press banished most of them,. ; in. the midst of them and as frolicsome! as any, Tam espied “ Nannie" the Urrikinfsti young daughter of one of his neighbors;' “ Nannie's” cloth°s were about os vdlu'-, roinomr as those of a modern ballet dancer,. And talk of high kicking os *.modern f | pyT)oon * baud red years ago cnuld have 'probably given points to her countryman,Telegraph-.; Inspector McOourt, - who ot tho dcpslrta mental enquiry in Melbourne a few weeks ago swore that a certain barmaid down there could kick eight f«ot high. " For dbfll itLijmon," said McOourt when tb«v ehqbity'board looked dubious*'dom; it mon I didn’t I measure it ?" It was dn i; or more* of that barmaid’s bound* that,; got McOonrt into trouble. So it wos one of Nannie’s extra lively jumps and kick* that brought the angry wirohes on to Tam,‘ .TJjey didn’it know>b* was there, sittlngjon, the mare, watching them till Tam forgot whore he wt»sand,in a burst of MeOoortiae admiration, song out to Nannie “ Wp*-! done, Catty 8*rk I” (“ Well dons, Short Skirt.”) “And in a moment oil w«« dork" and tho whole of the unholy “push” 'streoAjng out alter Torn' striving to tear him to bits and moke a ghost of him: Toro rode away on : . Meg, and-aa the good along ’the-' rnidriight’trdok thus did he explain the situation to her ;— ; “Now do Iby speedy utmost Mog; 1 And win fie koy-sUoo o’ the brig, X(toro at thqm thou thy tail may toss,- Aruhnidg'Stream they darena’ orots. Bat otro tbo key-alooo sbo could maku, ..,. Tho fl|nt a lalo dhe had to shake I : ' li For Nannie, far before tho rest, Hard upon noble Maggie pressed,* And flow at Tam wf furious ottlo. Bub littlo wist she Maggie's msltls— ; Ao spring brought ofl her master bale— But left behind her aio grey tail: The oarlip clsagbt her by the rump, • ‘ Aod loft poor Maggie soacco a stump. It is years sinco first I laughed over “Tom O'Sbanter," wherever or however or on what -food and drink staffs they raised tho man who could write such deliciously solemn foolery • But I never thought to live to see a piece ot the ; keyiStanVof bo"h bridge and poem, roughly polished and mounted in company with a pearl from the waters of bonpie Doon. I think it would take a good few ounces of Bendigo gold to tempt Mr Cowan to part with bis brother’s present; A DISQUISITION ON POPULAR AMUSEMENT ; AND EX1TATIONB. : , “Ah, see what a-crowd has turned out to welcome the Governor!" . I once ove r -! heard' a jubilant monarchist exclaim ‘ “Yes, hut o biggir.crowd would tarn out, to se.e him hanged replied.” a kiiouor jadgo of human nature in the moss who was standing by taking stock of the spectators and of the procession.- What is it that makes people pay jJSorJJlO for front seats at a“ Bob"Fitzsimmons and Corbett fight if it is not oh the offchance of “ Bob ” getting in that blow of his over an oppo nent’s heart and laying him out dead, a corpse like “ Bob” did tho last man be met before “ taking on” Corbett ? -What; is it that makes high rope walking more exciting than ordinary walking on the 1 ground unless it is the underlying half* concealed hope that the high walker will be killed, or at least seriously maimed ? What nsad to make the people rush to see a drunken matt 7 juTfip-from the further top end of a: theatre into a tank of water on the stage, unless it was the sam« half concealed- unexpressed .wish that sera" night he’d make a mis-step and be killed —which he was ? What is it that makes bardie and steeplechase races so much more attractive (to the nonsbetting crowd especially) chan fiat racing, and what .is that-helps to make flat racing also pretty popular,unless it be that “specie's" of *.* sport”' more me.nand Boys jar e killed or crippled than I believe in 'any other occupation or pastime in Australia ? (In the racing season I. estimate that far more jockeys are killed or maimed for life than daring the same period” are killed or maimed the mined of Australia, and this too notwithstanding that the jockeys are probably pot one*two- hundredth part as nameroug&S;. the miners.) What is it that makes football -so much more at tractive'to Spectators than cricket, why do they bowl on and bound on the players so vociferously unless it be that football is a considerably more dangerous game to the players than cricket? Why do yoong women take such a delight in attending swell .cUnping assemblies or 'faihfdnable' nights at 1 theatres or stylish, dinner be for the ri k' of developing tuberculosis in their unwontedly unprotected thoracic sys tem and, the delicious, because other' , “ risque-. neW’ of ldisplHying the thoracic and a portion of the lacteal system in nubibuR ? Why is it that your jittle four or five_year old boy langbs and crows, when he sees flocks of sheep and clusters of cattle on their road to the batchers’ shamble^,, except for your having taught With a hypocrite’s'' sympathy in your tones, that the “poor things” were on their way to have .their throats out and all‘tbe;blbod them? What waS ifc. th&b; in the inimitable little book (once so popular because _eo true fca nature), “Bodge aod Toddy” the four year old Toddy loved best of all his father's bible storicsj _ the one bow Joseph’s big brothers revenged them selves on that silly and dishonest old fell low;'Jpeobjr fprm&lcirig;’a favourite of any Son more tban'anbther son or daughter Jjy-Bellingipbor “Little Jo” to a crowd of'Hindoo hawkers, and them, billing another bid, dipping in its blood the coat of contention of many colors which* not had the advantages "in Bis juvenile days of Mr Peacock’s Vicr torian State school system of instruction of small boys in needlework,weare told ol<3! Jacob sat down one day and made for “Little Jo”—why was it that “ Toddy’s” mouth used to qpen..with;nmazement and his’ eyes used * to glare’ ferociously as his father for the-fiftieth or hundredth time at bed-time and variously whenever bailed np by the yonng tyranb. to deliver it would go over the story of tha blood! coat—“All bloggy 1” “All flaggyToddy used to gleefully com ment. Sympathy for the child who had b°en sold away to the Hindoo hawkers, or for the poor little kid who had had its throat out in order to pot up the miser** ably spiteful job on the foolish dottngl old man, had Toddy ? Not a bit of it. It; was the blood-covered coat that alone in-( terested him . and appealed to. his* sympathies—‘Just fancy, Bjadgy,spoiling* a nice* new coat like that that his papa’ made for him I” And lastly and newest* development of all along these uni4 versal lines of human frailty and fero-i ciousuess, why is It that 7 bicycle racing has' pub* oat football and pedeatrianisn and even* tbeatena to run mid-summet steeplechase,I the water jutnp and itdne-wall' for first] honors in the regards of the mob ? Noth-j ing, my dear candid friends,but. the greatj irisk8jthat"iil | eacih ‘crowded excited race 'the nders v Ain ’belng brought back: killed, at least being taken “ all bluggy" to the nearest hospital Is that: not It—not all of it- of course, for human mature also has its generous as .well hawk and. tiger im- are of an tive,.anQlytidal ,caat oj mind, try to fairly | and honestly analyse your own mind and your ,true, secret, undisguised feelings- as ypp lobk on at daring feats of danger 1 and I dm not suggesting the true y*par^hqus[ht8 1 iThe most popular bicycle track in- the .colony will be the pno (pther. things equal)- the most fatal and exciting ao-* cVlPnlr occur, Witch -burning find dr wn ihcsatid: burnings and torturing* for no« contribu'ing toithe right collation pl*u wore practiced for centuries, not beer* thfi mob »t»od in a>yo pf witches qr wore churning wt»h synipatky.-r.for- the defrauded v ■; chat the mob loved scones of yjohmw Alopd/cruelty aW wnaati.oniiVejolt^di, 'JMttfii' individually }& oft n dobje* I r, -r j heroic, -Bnlf -sacrificing creature - Man V;. -the aggregate- in an irresponsible undi«- oiplinedItodGrto#*.*' t°*' A ? - recreation and exoitem.enfcTrFhow!V A W 'to the Lord, that : ib » crash or panic,; at> dd a gang'wiy obstructedchurch- or theatre or>.Bfcreet;riofc y]A»*ll never be at . r lie mercy of a mpp - j •; : MISOBtLANBOUS. The grandest show of next year's. Easter procession is to be made by the An Lcient Order of Foresters,- l 1 hes , rdoor old AAncientiiB* of aline'Ancients 1did ]not$kv'e time to, prepare for one this Lyear. •: It rather amused souie of us'* when wo heard of .the scarcity of time. What preparation doas;it want, except to got. the -‘old^\woman" to hunt up tha big scarf where she’s; put it a Way somewhere in the box, ond to beat the moths and preservative .eucalypti leaves out .of thr big banner whore;it.; bos: boero paoked away ? ' Except that ;there was ho time <to fatten ap : dnd strengthen and - g"t the big bariner bearers ihto good trim for the Easter Monday, ordeal, I really cannot understand why . our dear old Forester Mends’ fao*s were ’absent froth the pro- , cession’. • However, as they now have a good-twelve months before thorn in which to prepare for next .'year-'they are ;on fme'ttld; to., 'do something. grand and famous,: r Wo know that - Ghihas men' bring their brbfehbr '“QeerHIngs’’ here from all’quarters of the colony so a° J to,, makb up a good show, There are also traditions and legends about the town that some of the swell Chinamen give as much as £20.. apiece for honorable end dignified places in the procession. There’s the Foresters’ chance.; Let them next year invite all the swells, of .the -order .to Bendigo and charge ’em £20 Apiece for .good places in the procession ! It is. said -that one or two of, the Hospital committee- men. are so delighted with the visiting, bands of singers there (adult, juvenile and otherwise]); that the very next ,time they are taken seriously ill themselves they' intend to invite said bands to pay them regular visits. Yes, says another committeeman* very like Felonious and Jonah’s invitation to the whale. Bdheno Pasha, the Turkish commander in ichief id the human battues that-are now in progress on the Greek frontiers, is no less than 75 years of age. > But be is .* young fellow compared with the 80 year old Hafiz Pasha whom the Greek's on Easter Monday “bagged” at tbe'Meluaa Pass after shooting the tough old fellow three times. After being wounded tyeioo he would not get off bis horse, though his orderlies wanted him to come down from * such an exposed position. “No,” said, he, | “I never dismounted daring the Russian War and I’m not going to dismount now.” It was rough on the old .who had sat np so bravely before over whelming' masses of Russians to succumb nearly a ecore of years afterwards to a little force of little Greeks- But it is not-80 very far away from,where this old Turk was “laid out • that the celebrated Pyrrhus Epirus met bis doom in the form of a chunk of millstone thrown by a poor old Argive woman whose son the once nigh-conqueror of Rome and, Italy had slain,, beside the gates of Argos- The doited States Agricultural depart ment, at Washington, has established, a branch for the .scientific .testing.of. soils, softhat formulae jtnay be proparedshowiog the best class of soils for the growth of various plants. This institution has favored our Agricultural department with.a-number of books containing valu able information. Amongst these books, is one which gives the constituents of the best Kentucky and Pennsylvania tobacco soils. In due course, it is expected that the the analyses of other to bacco soils in other parts of America will arrive, and this information will be found of great.service in connection with t he local tobacco culture next season ; Would it not be a good thing for our agricultural department to establish a similar branch here.to afford information to those in* terested 1 - - 