THBEE WEIltD ADVEN TUKES. They wen talking about terrible thing*. Ihey fere all young tneoi and one of them had just fltiiAifl a story of a man who had been geared to death by a ghost. Not one of the party would own that he believed in the supernatural, bat the whole crowd was agreed lhat there are things that cannot always be accoonted for. Finally they got to talking of acUial experiences. The outcome was that there were three stories told. All of them nere roached for. Theeg'are the stories UNDER THE BRIDGE. Some yean ago in Somersetshire a young man drove out into the country to aee his sweetheart. At midnight he started home* ward. It was a dark night, but the yooog man drove a pair of spirited bona and made good time until be reached the outskirts of his home town. The only way he ooold get home was to drive along the bank of a river and then pass under s bridge that spanned ft. Wbeo be reached the bridge it was so dark he naturally slowed up his team. To bis surprise, when he started to drive.under the bridge his team showed signs of not wanting to go an. He allowed the hones to have their own any for a time, and then eaeiog they did not seem in clined to go on he commenced to nrge them. Still they did not go on. He was patient for several minutes, and then made up his mind that the hoi see must proceed. The team, however, would not budge n etop forward, but when urged seemed inclined to turnaround. This more could not be made, however, without great danger, as the carriage was too near the river bank. So, after seeing lhat he was not likely to do much good from it, toe young man alighted and went to the beads of his horses. To his great surprise be found both animals were to a foam,' and then he knew there was some reason for the strange state of affairs. They were plainly frightened. He boothed them as well as be could, and then be tried to nrge them forward. They snorted with terror, trembled in every limb, and with dumb eloquence begged not to be forced to go ahead. But the young men bad to get home. Be got in front or the hones' heads, took each animal by the bit, and started, to back into darkness. Bis hand seemed to reconcile the hones, and they moved after their master. They went slowly, to be sure, bat they did more, tud as they went the man cheered them. Step by step the man aud horses went along. They finally retched the blackest part of tbe darkness, the man still walking backward ana pulling on his horses' heads. Suddenly one of the horses gave a wild snort, reared high in the air, aod came near getting away from his master. The man tamed, and as ho did so, to bis terror, felt himself stxuck in tbe face. It was not a hard blow, but it was hard enough to cause bim to cry out, more in fright than in pain. Then he reached out En tbe dark to grasp I be thing that had struck him. Bis had found it. It was—a human foot. ▲ man bad hanged himself from the bridge, aud his body swung just over the middle of the roadway. Bow the young man reached his home he never kuew. Bis hair, however, did not turn white, nor did he become a raving maniac, bat, although be has lived in the same village ever since, be lias never passed under that bridge. THROUGH THE NIGHT, Two young men ouce lived together in the northern suburbs of Loudon. One of them was in love with a girl She didn't care for him, but be^Udnl know it. So be went on and on keep* ing in love. One morning about one o'clock one of tbe youug men came Lome and found his room-mate who was in love iu bed as usual. The youug man eat down and read for an hour, and then be went to bed. At nine o'clock next morn* ing be Woke up, and to his surprise found that his partner had not yet got up. He thought it was strange, but supposed that tbe young man knew his business aud would get up when he was ready to do so. 60 he dressed, and was just about to leave tbe room when ho thought perhaps his room mate was oversleeping himself. 80 be spoke to him. He got no response. Then he spoke again, this time loud enough to awaken anyone who was asleep. Tbne wss no answer. Then bo stepped to tbe bed and gave bis partner a shake. There waa 00 mistaking the fact that the man was dead. On the t«ble in the room was a note telliog why the foolish fellow had taken j hit own life. He had found out that the girl! did not care for him, and that settled it with bim for all time. The man who bad slept with the dead body got over the fright he had re- | oeived in time, but he often wonders why he 1 did not see the note his friend left for him teU-; iug him of his act and why he had killed bim* ] self. A DISSECTING-ROOM STORY. The teller of this story and another student were to doeome work in the dissecting-room. His friend was not ready to go to work, «o he went la ahead and prepared himself for tbe ghastly job. It waa late at,night, hut this is 1 not supposed to make any .difference to medical: students, who are not, as a role, troubled with anything like a squeamish feeling. The young man was -waiting for bis friend to oome, aud was standing on tbe stab on which rested the ** subject" on wfaich they were to work. Scattered about the room were various things which showed what tbe place was used tor. The | student was smoking. He was thinking of no* ; thing in particular. Suddenly he heard a grst- < tug noise. It was slight..hut unmistakable, j 1+ Am>- mSiI m m-— I At first he paid no attention to it. Ttien,— a dim sort of way, it occurred to him that it was a rat. Presently the noise grew louder. He looked around bim. It seemrd to comeXrom' a corner. He listened closely for the noise, and thou he was sure that it came from that corner. He looked closely, and then he thonght he saw some movement in the comer. Me stepped closer to the spot, and then he was save there was something .there that was alive.. Btfll, be was not frigbtemd in the least, fie was a brave young fellow, and was inclined to investigate the tiling^ that was causing him so much gaessiug. Bat in another iostsnt he sew; something that was startling A.sVull was moving oat of itspiaoeio the j comer, and waa slowly coming over the floor ^ towards him. It was grating along, and the j right slid sound wasmuro than the young stud-. ent was able to endure. Hb bravoy vanished,1 he . gave a cry, fell to tbe floor in a dead faint. I and «s he dropped a huge rat dorambleti fiom! under the ghastly thing and scampered to its < hole. Tbe young man got over his fright in a few I weeks, bat he adopted another profession. 