TILE IGHOST OF THE SAW . IllL BY W. W. It does not matter to the reader tlitt I was not alwas-s a trapper; I am one .11ow; but have kept enough of my old literary taste to enjoy a jIaper now and then. and to take a great interest in Ihe stories linited in them. especially if they hale appearance of truthful ness willt thbeta: : nd( it has occurred to Inc that someone nliglit like to read a . story about the olil nouantin mill, for Ihe trtll of which I aml ready to vouch. A few years agi. things havring been steadily going bt,-k with me for some time, I invested what little I had left ln i horse ani imp, with some bedding and such necessaries as tigcht start me fairly in ti' tIra pp-in ti.'idQ I do not mean rtabblit tr--lnliin-' I ivis going in for more profit-l hie skins.aind lhad made sollie skirt ti the IBuit-ilo ranges my intended lo libi. It was plnlstnt weaithier at the end o0 siuinuner..ind 1 va stls enjoyed the Journey up. t re-chet the Ilst bit of civilised track-,:ls I mi-'ht --tll it, near sundown one divy, and deciding to camlp there. Iool my borse out of rite tfap and camped hv the side of the "reck opliosite Cl'atr's Ac ionunodation House. Wican I Ii id fed the animal and11( made Ilhiiigs sung for the night, I -went up to Carirs. As I neared the long, low tenement of svool. that was store and shanty and neomniodaition house all in one, I slood in the -middle of the road and looked round mue at nurroundings one does not see many tittles in a lifetime. A great I-tnge of hills, running just there a lmnost due north anil south, with gaps and gorges breaking them up here and there, and .mountain streatits mntomig the ttingled wildness of green growing things. ilasihiug- down from rock to rock.in the fLdin" sunlight that amad'e the waters red and- golden for lhe tihonient. "A Itd of beosutv" I maid, aloud, as I joined the man I took to be Cari, standing in his ownssa doorn ys. "Yes," he *cnssered"and :a· land of romance, toolif you only:knew it; blit, for all thst, the dev ii of c wilderaess to dwell in. .Are yon coming in? m and, if 1 atay atsk without offence, where are 0ou shiaping for so late?"' 'I go no farther to-nght; I. camp itere to-nighlt, nd I don't think it likely tlbt I shill 'o very mucheli firther in the nmotinii I'mn come utp s with the intention of trtpping-" "Oh, iell you couldn't find 'c anore likely spoi, I tike it. 'The hills a'e smotheied wsith possums ond native bears, not to mention tiger cats :and a1l the triftiles of tite caungaroo titbe. Tint first "orge to the riglhttis just ouiti ticket, and there's s- sorit ofStrack up as fat a. the old mill tfhtt souldebe useful to son as you have 'c trap." "The old tuillt t Whatstto of mill is it?" "A sawmill. Oh, coine inside and sit doen iif i on nit t to hear some thing tibout the old s twoill. Didti't I till you swe hid our romances? Well, our romance is the old stwmill." 'I'lie man was hIngting, iut not in 'ui open, henirty manuer as I folloswed him and seated mtsefi more ala"xious to talk about CyI orwn prosptecl, and to goet iformaition than I was to heat to mances. "tieet ener :uly dw elitugs at 'ill up the gorge or gap where the mill is' I :isked. 'There niust be somie one about the litill if it's workin" 't Now, if youi it il listen to me I'll tell )ouotlhe querest story yoiu ever lhetd in all sour born- di s", teleian daid. iuietly, 'tnd by the time -ou'ye eatrd it you ii knoss .11 soil swit to kulos ibout the divellers in the, ipp If you turn 'tour eyes 'veistw'trdsyo u willisee that .tlerte 'ire; t. od mniny settlets tind icultisators, tcioglh maun of tle jilaces . heir e thel usretie hiddeil :ib thie spurs of the r'nIge, aid, tle he-vilv timbered, Inld, hete lntl there .bot the sloDes. Th:it tIs the re-isontsii3l the mill mi goilig to itiell Oil of p'id so well, iftetrold Peteit Dolimln prutit uip .intl got lit into: s-orkiung orfierilhout eillteeil mutist io.e "Isn'ft it livintl nlow thiet"'! I qucs tIoned as Csrr ptatisedlto get his piPeO "W'iit. anid s-on 11 heatn Dolman 55 is 51lt ays knlossia t the neighborhood (swhiici is c stdeon 0110 1ion see) is 't disagreeable, eilcris old chap, who had got a o004 bit of imones- s-csved up,.and sans not satislied witlhout sdding to it, though lie is iererre eighty than os eit3, ,iad svitltouit -t soul belouginu, to hin but htoie grown. ul dailughter Sthat.live~s w~itllhi h niq We, hie got theO salynill piuttup;,engaged a young, man who lunderstood the work. and started, as I said, about eighteeil iiouths ago. "There were not so many settlers Ihe'n.'s there are noy. but therei a-is .1 good bit or bush .building going on, so that the mill itwas kept buss, there ieting none other tieuriie thin the one at .Crlysfoot, ten miles of.f- Things went 0n ill right unitil one li it.t boiut 5si months ago Iosy s-oun" istngsforafd the chip ths-t iw'oiketl the sis-nill; disip ]te.red ,swa's imuidertf, it is sstd mnd so lioi the mtill is -woriked by his "host." ''stuff and nonsense," I cried. IcIt'is orledtl usithouiit haids anyliosws 'nd I.don't meinca to trl snd eipltin such- Insstcent5 of the other sorld. I belieev in the sliritits of fIlurdet ed mtei ipslicarinl" I do, miid so iou1 iiinthtink Ilm a prejudiced;: but iny msn about hliere sviltell soun the. simue storyi' 1 I don 'tquitle uindeistitnd what ayoil mean. loss is the sass-iill -o-omked isitliout b ndI ":When -li man rotid here ss -wults ian 'rough iss-ing dotte, he simiply cuits his liubero to the-miill, i'td o-ilves- it itherie mailrked nas he iwnts it tiwi. anid wiliei le .,oes, to-clirt it wl'iss ilie letaves t!le mnones inlside Ihi old hut on ithe wiin doy-ss ill Youl nuts- be srditr itbit isiloie by -ds-lg ht for totliee iso'i: s-lliani in the ialley thtat:-sould go iinto that bht after dark. The liloo1 st intus ateted s-ct where it is believed voung Kin's forid toll illiltli tite itilrderet~s hand2. \\-is- the'-body ever foiund" 'so. it isismn't titt so olil TDolmnan's stoirs that liel pacl-Ied Itini off bet nuse Sle had the ctieek to ie courtitig his "uil on- th 11 sly w's listened to; 'ut siwhen hlie spirit of roun tsiim-'slord be in to be talked itbout, adt il li stiw-henclt be gal to move at niiglt. snvliet the sluice \- is- turned on swithotit Iltnnirs, no niti b~elievedl old D~olinaln's talie." "Pah! tt's the old fellow himself itiat' svwi-king ilie ithing.' I stud; "*I suppose lie gets titore Lor t'tIt saswing Ity mticotrtigin tihe ghost ticlf.'' "I-te gi-ta nothina: it woull lie sinply lmpossitile for olil Pete Dolittan to step over his osn tSlreslholl itirlw. He was struck sitli stomttit sort iii Icirtlysis of thle legs She s-ery iiiglti titt IerbItiai Kingsfort -tlisappetircle. If I S hliete in spaii-its. I lielieni' iin jiutldgit-itis too. :nd I beliese tIlat old l)olittin's stroke' wa:s a judlgmnclt onl hlim for. iS sinl." "Oh. if juiidgtetnts. as you c(ill thtet, -erec setit nit us Loe siti, tieithet' you or I shoultl have escapei'. I re amanrked. "Neither sou or me have coitmiitteil the siti ss-e tre tatlkinig titiotit." le ni- I ssered, slitirply. "Ithopi neithbe of us tire murdet-ets. I know I'm not." I laughled a bit. sceinig that Ct!rir was angrs. "Well, sse swoii't itutirrel tiliout it, Mr Cart; you say tio otitte wotldi go ilito the luti tter dclark. What sort of a place is it?" "A tidy noioiighl plane, built s-itt i 'tough sawin tiibet-r tntd luts a good. hush chimney. y re inot beeti up ity self, but they tell tme that it's just as e young Kingsford left it." "I vonder if the old chap isould let e -ne live in it." a "Live in it I You? By the Loid, I I Twouldn't live itear tlue place for hun- t dreds a.syear th, I duiresay. he'd be u only. too glitd. At all events, the mill la is not a. quarter of a nlille from Dol mah's pilace, and if you go up the gap h you atn easily ask him." it "I isill. I tsill go tip to see the place if early. to-umorrowy. and if-I like it.I will see reter liolnan." I thought a good deal of Carr's story before I fell asleep that night, under tile ilrpauolin thrown over my trap, for I bad a little lit of super stition about me, although I had not exihibiteil it to Catr. I was full of ro- I mance. too,:las an old schooylb ll lnd felt a deep curliosity about the m1y-story of young IKinll5sfodti'5 disaptloarailnce, as rcll :as a hope that I muight be able to tiltow some light upon it. A lovely drive be uexrt lorlning into tile ppl. Ilullt 5111s :1 pirfect wililentess of Aullot 10n 1 n1tutire. Itugllt me. aIfte~r shou~, t a1 milc's drivc. ~to the oldl mlll that was at t10e end of tIle grecn barely Imialrked t11c1; that tI hlad fol lowed. fine could 10ot collceive a lon01 lirc pl:ace. Tile mill itself was onllv a1 ig slhed covorintg tilO rouigl m1hltincry that weorld the circular saw. 01n1 the long saw bench 011n whicil the timber was Iill and cut. Th1e dlrivinig wiled was worked by water, b1ut the sluice that led t1ile t1101:1in frollm a1 little dam higher p oln thie hill 'lvas tiry wvllen I tirst sOlaw it. hiluilgl tilrte wet.r lIhlevy doss dr111s on every b3it of Ilerbage llloullll it. I hadlt dlialounrted from thec tl:p anid turnett to 1l15ve' looko for tile tlttro a10outs of the lut. It stood Italf ititidell lamonllig tttll. thick trees. whlosose sha11dow0 layt hlelvily otn its roof. 1nd it was about fory ytirds fromn tile s01w bench. Going closer to tile hluttI salw tltat tile w'oodtIe door was fttstened only on the outtside by to lasp anld stttple. titrougit wllichit a peg of wsood tavs passed loosely. I opentel tIle ittoort 11ntt entereld. Tile clhilnlle wa's witde. and t11 e th a in1 11n11 dciii 11o01m tile biig tolres htd i been running town its stone sides and back, wattilng. a h11111 of sodden 11s110s that showed tlhe remlains of a aootd fLlire. There wa:s a beti 1l1c10 in one corner, tt few rough sitelves and tt bush table. T'ie lioor wts roughly covered witit boards Ithat yet retatied tideeply tile miarks of- tile circular saw used in cut tig them, tnlnd in front of the fire wvt(s a great reil staiil ingrained into the boards. lind splttshed in mlore tlttin one spot between the principal stain and tIle door were red mitarks. fresh looking, as if tleuy had been tnaide but a few days before. I weijt to the little window of four panes. and looked through it, seeing only here and there between the droop tug brinehes and tindergrowrtih parts or the mill bench. and the shed that shelterd it. I noticed, tho for tie first time thait the side of the shed nenrest the hut ass boarded in - for aibout belf its lenth. 11he0 I looked dossn it tthe bit of board that formed the windos-sill COrr had spoken of.and took up a bit of ptper that Ily there. The ipiper hsd evidentlv been wrapped round coinl uid had on it the words in pencil, I' ifty feet for Dan Tyntn." It wsas a. loniely, uiseratli-looking place,2thiat oempt3 hutand a dozen'mut ders miiht have been comlmitted in it asitliont the wiorld ever heari ng of them but it only wanted liht tind air. A fos lieouts ork among the trees asouid lIt the slnnliliht in, and ,ive the ghosts o chlnuc to escape from it. Tlit w'ns niy decision as I w ent out again, le'ving. the door aside open to let tile air in. , ou'l/g pack to the trap I heard the sound oft aheels, and turning in the di rection saw' comimg toward the mill, mith tli oa rotoughly-squared legs on a draiy, a ocrse drivenby a. mtn in his shirt sleeves, who didn't seem to be miuich, imnressed b3 the.dread of ghosts. for he was whistlimn loudly. Tlhe road ho was andv:inclty bha w-as a muich et tcr rack thain tie one I li:id approacliod by, mld s eieed to loire ibeen used ctrc quentla' enougch to keep down-tlte gra~ss on tihe footss s. A very imattor of f oct customer asas this nesw-comert1ie took i1o uotlice of nit wslctevc -until he loid dilpositedIhns logs iii the viclinity of the w liubenchl- liuthtlienasilie dores the hIpse anwas aiid tho biod ofethe drii fell hl ck on'the-sli:iftsh he pot inl the Iial, Iilus aiid spokt to-me. - 'O strali-er. I toets"" *he: nestimotd, ats hel tutied his--slihnimp eyes loom - my triolYto: myself. -<\- ?~j--. -7 'Ycs,'' :1 replcl iiedl.:Ir: "W'Wiot's the "ame, .mte?" "I intend to try troppin" abouit hete." Yes; siell, it's'ts better spot thou a' \--oodmoam -ny - Wve yon--hc'trd o0 h Mlil:(l' -ostl"t cC~-.-; eis;, 1 stoppedat 'i l list night". "Yes. yes hod tell yott tlhesto3 rof the gliost, neseci doubt hllim! But I m vac suie lit doosti 'i believe a iaoid of it imsiself " WhI Tiy.shoiuld hie tell it as if he did, "To make himself o poison f conse quene bhefore strangers anid because lie has :ind -oarw i s atd, ai doss on old Dohinan since they iquarrelled 'o couple of -eaors- 'igo Y"ou' don't lielieve thf'ot almost ss ooks the mnill, then ?' ' "Do I look like 'o f ools' he asked, -eith ineffable bontempit, as he1 drew a bit of ch:ilk from his pocket fand, stoop ing over Ills I0gs, scra~siled on theu, iQuartering, tohn Mills. ' s"o, sit; I don't believe in lumbugs of mia sort, nild Bill Caruo is :ibout as bi" a one as von'l1 finid. I don't beliesc that lerih. Kingsford was otmirdereil ot allu nor I don'tcalret ashethee lir s :is or nnot; as firtas tb-tI oes. One thing I do knori, and tliat is that the othei sa mill is ton miles off, anmd it p:ti.9tme to "lye old Miser Dolnin a. cent. or two 0nore for the sasin I as lilnt. Dolnan isas aslway s a qteert c od; and if he is ants touinakt o 5host of hitnsilf be fore liis time it's nothfin to moe 5host don'tr nt moas e.a 11 \- 'Bnt Carr said that Dolniatiis Ipar SMa be he is. :md mnybb lie isnt "It'slalloneiietoine so long ans I'et my asod.1 sasisn 3f old Pete doesi't Ido. ifthimaeif someone else does i'nl aitls it si"G t up!"' and a lo 10 lo" - .Tolnii Mills drove his emnptvdiray home a.iniI: asistljtiig' 2I Care fot NSoboda, 'o Nfo I; atid Nobody Cares for Le,": as he satf oniliis shlft, daglng" iiisilegs over thb longi"vaseby the roadside. Of cenurse lihe mnlil hduilled sense. I nesvrithat very seloIl Still, lans an iidon to dind out ashat old Dolman's ieason for ipretendin" that le was aspaa Issed; -s well as the truth of the report about voung Kingsford having )0bo(n iiiurdtcied. flowever, my first business wavs to secto the safety of mty prollerty. and asitliout tile least hesitation of colt science 1 unlttirnesseti tile lors, nild tetliered himui iimongi tile rich grilss (le:ll the haunted mlill. and thecn I unlloaddc~ tile tral 'Ind (nrried till ty bolonigings i11to the 11ut, fstlning t1he door w sithi tile iiadilocki' bltloiniingi to tmy ' tucker box." T'lltn I set iaty lace toavard old 'l'ti'r lDolitniti - pitinc, to swhich (CaIr ha~d dlirectedl me thle nlearest wayS sihich wat up tlie (1 ill hind the sass nill, and followiitg pretty closely the taco tittit wals fetd ty a sluice flom t liii mlore celeva~ted anni1. I foundC thliS out is I tlald the aslol-untrkedt 111th that ftollos'etd tile easiest curvs's on the fttce if lit'e lil n1.. 111111 it lilill d tilt oil tito Itatk of tile little dtt.asitichi had. I thloutght. 'ory uitnncessirily 110een fotm eti to store tile awaters oft ntesr-failiu g 1108110:111 strcnll,. Ollnce tlhore I sas tale sitlapie tIeciht Ilisnll that admitted tile ws:ater into tile hutice. and thIent e to tile ('ice. I not icCit otiPt11t tite as'ater in to e tilt i t w as i)elosw its usual level, altlhoutih 1 coulil Crom arhere I stood hear the lealding 1 Cull of waster over tile inountain cas codes, and see in 1111c0s tillS ashite spray rising fCrom1 tile dee11 Itools hidden 1)3 1 tile thick slrlubs far higher lii on the latnge. I wsa's oLiser-Viigr tile inargini torks oil til he bortlcr of tile tdtm, sltoas intg tihe lowereod level of tile water, shen I sawa' avihat looked like the brim of tn old felt hat just shotving at tile lear edge of the shallow. -You moy 1he sure I vas curious lnouolgl to pick it out, and hold it up. ill dripping, for a netorer inspection. 1 ?t had been a brown boxer Iat, and i' here aere dark stains allong one side. t, inder a strliglht cut that might hitve teen mtiade by a bullet. No', I had never betird the particui y :Ilis; or, rather', the supposed particu- It mm's, of youpg Kingsford's murder, but 0t i lie wass really missing and this should g 11 prove to have been his hat the evidence might be valuable. t stowed the h:it, s cnrefully among some long grass under a busli, and went on my way to old SDolman's.ni cI ad not much further to go. On a tplateau thast slopetl gradually down ti, \- the valley beyond stood a. weather 1 hoard and weatherbeaten house. with y a good many stable or other , buildings and sheds at the hack. e where there was also a great stack of newly-cut hay. There were garden o and vines in pretty good order. hut tio 5 more culti-ation in sight than jest . enotigh to grow fodder or gra in for thit l use of the cattle that were here :tnhl ti there about the fences. not yet iterhats I- having scattered to plasture or water tsintce thity were milked. There was a a mniddle-n'i ed man feeding calves inside. 1 and I went.straight to him, asking if e I could see Air Dolman. r The itan looked at me curiously '1 while the calves finished the milk it e the troutgh. and theu Ihe said he would 0 see. Mr Dolluan had not been well I duringbthe night, and mtight hle tell the Y ti'otter what my business was? e "You may say it's about the old saw mill!" I reiditd, and 1 saw in the mn iu d eyes a cecri anxiety thnit titezzleid mits. lIe was itot long gone. however, lhien a 11t enm tte lack to lead me into the house. u- where I saw old Peter Dolmani for the t iirst time. g The first look into his taco assured a inc tIhot it was tiot the owner who work o ed the mill at night, for lIt looked more a like a dead maan thou a livinig one, is I far as color went. 1-is deep tutinke eyes, however, glared with a feverishi a looking fire. as they turned to Ime Alues a tioningly, and his hollow cheeks were moved in and out by the working of .t hisl almost toothless jaws. He half sat, half reclined, in an old-fashioned :arm ,' thair. that had rough hoine- niatle wheels to it. atnl the lower jtirt of his II body w-as hIidden by wrappin' gof 0 bllankets and rugs. "lye?" he said shitrply' "aye whit-s s this you wsant 'bout the sawmill. Like 0 your cheek indeed calling ita'tn old saw-' 0 mill, and it built since thaet dog was ii pupped. What do you 'isaut tiboit the mill? I wish you'd rent it. Open voer V month, man, and don't statnd staiing there like a donkey!" - r "I will, sir," I replied, as I dire fec g ward a chair and seoted mysselfl.I c I' pressed myself badly to your.iman oI i S afraid, for my business ius dt concern - .t ing the sawmill 'at llhut· aboulit the 0 but." ~ : a "What about the lit' "I want to knots if you'3ll 1 ltm iit0 a in t?. a "What!" he rone-rd, "live in the mill b lut! Don't you know it's haonted by the spirit of a murdered mano alid th:it a lis blood is in great stains on the floor!" 0 "lye heard that yavt, ind don't be lieve a word of it." g Old Pete laughed -i horrible haugh, tIhat made me tlhinlk of unholt things. i "Neither do L Iim "lad to hea' a son sible man talk at hast. Of course, vou \- can live in it and 'ielcomem and if you Sca find out iho is pl'iy'ing the ghost a dosin there to aneoy a'id drive me mad I'll make iou -t present of ai live pounui notQ. To think," he wont on, in an " excitement of rage fearful to 'isitness, to think that I'm here helpless, mion C that six months ago wit the strongest i- wititin tienty miles; to tliink thaltr I I, must sit here helpless!. 011, if I had a only my legs! Mv hinds-ire strong 5 enough yet to tear the till iinii tlintitrt. e mocking me to pieces, butt l-en t stahid' W. Why was such a curse putt utiton ine I I; tl'it six months tgo coild toss aimian \- over my 'shoulder dead or a''li'e, it, nl c, O'(h, fathet -yoeu-:wilkl sl- h-ill indeed 5 5ou Ottill!;'Cilm youscif ,son iknots t wshat the doctor seil.' k OCurse the doctoee 'md 3ou o 'It 1 -nis i urs eiindutif ulhconduct that e boInglit me to this. Get entof m 0 sightoiind letmeo tulk to the man I' Thile"itl,' sweet-faced -womantin 6f a oit so turned to the door usitlfi"eeF paini i and s'dness in her 1i·etin lnt 'es andId seeiuig hiost ill the old tiit uecali. F looked I tose to 0. - ? "''m going te trap foe skins in the G'ip," I said;,"ntd if I hieve y our pci mtission I 'isill e imp lin the hutiftfr ' time at least. But yon ate not very iwell this morning, Mr Dotlmtn. iod I d will come tiupto see you again eiboet :the ocattet." " 'Stoe!" he -histteretl after 'c glance f round the room to see that 'e. sere i. alone, "stop!" and he held out e visibly f sb'tking hand to emph'sisetwslit h.e wai siytngi "If you see 'inythimg of a real spirit dosn by the mill oti 'will come and tell me, won't you?" \- "I ivill; I promise sou ftithfully." "They say the sluice is opened, .and I the mill wmorkeld 'iitliout htands every night; but it's a lie, isn't it?'" "I'm quite sure it is. The thing .is \- quite impossible." Thank Heaven for that! Yes, it is quite imtossible. Oh. Im going to get 'isell very soon; and then -I'll go dosnli and make spirits of thm--- tlhe co'iwards! Joe corssids to torment an old man so. But Im strong- yet, and I'll be even with them." "I .ient out with a feeling of horror'over me, for from the stretched old mn's menner I had drewn the coni clusion that lie had toally murdered the poor votngo lover of his daughter, and that his conscience 'as arousinit from a' hardened sleep. * Standing outside the door into the yard? was the girl Margaret Dolnian. She was holding her apron to her eyes, sobbing, and near her was the mnn who had been feeding the calves. It was tihe latter who addressed me. "She is in great trouble about the -Father,"' he said; "he's verybaid. isn't he?" "I anm afraid he is. If I had known thet stiate le 'was in I sbouldn'tbhaie tomue; I'm :ifraid'I've excited him." C''I itt tilhitay'ou waintto life-a the ??Qniite tine ie lias gnien ime pernis sioni": ad ii oc o ntr :ttiaid""l Noia,' niy-ood fellow don't think mue quite al ool. I do not believe in ghosts." "Well, I can soear to it thiat the saw wokrs at night, for I'ie seen and heard it iiiysell," ihe returned, dotiedly. "'Yes. I kinow it iloes; 'ntd it cuts tim bei, too. ''liere's a couple of logs down their neow w iitiii" to ibe swninwi'id the mmn that s comin" for the qtuarterinug to niorirw will 113 floi tile work. and doesh't believe in ghosts flint can s:aw logs intd pelnks no more than I do.? "Who is the man?' "Th0e name on the loegs is Mills." Maigaret mluid dropped her aproiin bi that time. ald as 1 meintioned Mills' logs. I intercepted a quick glance of fear i-ct-hanged letwceon tihe two, but tlicii in Ilie silence the girl turned such a pleading. 1itiful look of hliir eyes upon Die that I put out m' handt impul sively anid caught lhrs. "I tnal see you nhave a secret about the sawmill," I said; 'hut coutnt oen iie as oil your side. Itmu an honstat man, and no btirave." "I amii sure that you are to lie trusted, aitfi it is nolliing wrong." "I am sure of that, too." And so I -eat aw-a3' downa the hill again. certahi that the secret of the mill wvas no secret, at least to Margaret Dolman, and that I should learn all alout it in due course. I was ver3- bus ill the gap all flint di3. I set 11y traps in various spots on tie range, and, while m1y supper was cooking, arranged my belongings in the hut eintircly to 103 satisfaction, for it looked a snag little place when I took oft' my cooker3-, and sat dowin to eat a comfortahble imeel. When I had finislied aiid eleared away I put a log on the lire, for, of course, the hut was damp, so long with out a fire, and under the shadow of those great trees. It was gCtting dusk when. I looked out of the door before lying down. Johif Mills' logs were ly i~g at the saw bench just as lie had left them. When I laid iiyself down on the comn fortable lied I hind arranged on poor young Kingsford's trunk, I had no in tention of sleeping, for I.was deternmin ed to watch that sdawmill,cand catch the ghost it avork; but the unwonted fa tigue. the mountain air, and the good suplelr combined to do their work, and I w:is sound asleep before I had tine to think. I had not slept so sound for years. I am sure of that. because the mill mnst hIntve been going for at good bit bIfeor I :iwoke. t started up a bit tuza-led at tirst as to my whereabonts jini tie strange noise that was rushing and gruinuing outside, and thllen I re nismmbered all-the ghost was at work! The log was aglow in red embers only, ulid I was i-a.ittions to show no light. A lantirn was among my things. I lit th1e bit of euntdle in it, and carrying it in my lmiid Ctosed. was going out wyheu all at since te is -sring rush of water ctased .:iid (the wheel stopped --wits I tee Itte? It tiap(-areil so: wtiein I went anutious ly ouilnd the trees aind undergrowth un til I could Iln's touched the saw bench. tin-ir. was lisot. sound iulder or around the mittll itd. I stood still for a few inanjets a iind listened intently-nothing reianrted niy 1patience. Then I opened the lantern and .saw what had been .loii .\Mills logs lying a neat pile of ,iimrteritg iwatting renioval. I was as tar Ironi the set-ret of the saw milll is At le:ist I thought so. and when I went barok to the lhut I felt very angry with myselt for lias-ing so easily let sleep orerlake me. All I had to do noir. llowever. was to exercise my pa tience until alnollier load of logs should liappenl to be delivered at the mill, and take clire they should not be sawn while I slept. I entered the hout ind closeit tile dooni behind Inc. nl then I saw between mei and lie ill-s tile figure of r cnmi stand ingstill. . Now. a man may he as great on unloiliever as his knowledge of how little he knows will permit him to be, aind yet lie cxseised if lie felt the qsueer shock I did lit that tioment. Could it lie othe spirit of time deait man that stood so silently there on his own iblood marks? The ieply came as I finsheu the light in his falce, "Don't be afraid: ILam a living . uan, and not a dead one." It.was t good looking young fellow who hid spoken, :ad hle had fair lihiir suriing under a dark cap. He wis mrather lIs of st1iture. and slight. I saw thatI in ' tussle with him I w ould have it fair enouh icihauce.- 'lid, besides. I l'id-i-tsmnll revolver in my pocket. ;&Onesowoud; thulk son had read my thioughts " I returned, as I set down the light: "I s'iswonederiin if you were the Mill Ghost 'fter all." "I miti 'mnd I am not. I am going to tell you ll about it." W'u\ell, sit down, and do it at your ease." He did so keeping his face to me and looking at me as he askeed if I guessed -who hle ssas. "No, not ecx ictlyi but I am sure you si'e the man itho l oirs the sawmill." ''Wish help, yes I do; bidt I am a mai' you have ieard of a good deal lately. I nm IHeurbert Kingsford." "Yous'ere not iurdercd, then, after. allt" IL ss'i and I vasn't. I :iii goiing to tell youi 'll the story. You were up it Dolm'n a this t iinorning, mind got leave to lise' ini the lint'' "Your liit?"' a"No; Dolniial's lut but the one I used toli' iii 'Of roitse. toni beil" tieir ~i5 outlgr ii' t the secressy I hnisir -been piaictisin"- 'bout the muil:.but 'ttuguoft t .Is, Dolmi'n's dinughter ni-ged me to tell von ill ulid tiust y3u. Mu1rir et is 'u good jedge, 'ndl she sils voin liii' 'c good face." I l'uailiCd a little it the idea of a 'ounis'- womail living so fur out of the world being ,, good judge of fices;, et I l'id often heard of a good iomadi's uinstinctise knowledge. S'M-lut""iret does tle hoioi d slisht is 'our sweetheart, is she not?" iaTlhnk God, yes; but she is more-she 1i5 iniwife." 'ilqu s'urprise me; but go on." V'eiou have ihe-rd Imow much Dolman sils- agam'instt m13'.belies of MIi'rgar't-hl is15 like aiiidinan when be found out. Ile ordered me off, and wshen le founid that Miu'rtet intended to be true to ine he came do(en here after darik and mur dered ne." "''Oh, come. icome!" I sad, laughing, "ditt -it miild. Vil eli lie did his best, lnyssay, as you ssill hliir. He came in tiere tilien I sias sitting before this chimnei3 and bired a bullet from a revolver at mle their is thie imark, see." Kxingsford took off his cap and turned his held. "t'lire ssas a deep seir along the side, mciiing " bare track in the thick fiit hair. "You wre w'earieg a brown boxer hat?" I asked, "Yes, I tas; why?" "I found it yesterday at the edge of. tSli dam above." "Yes? Well, I'11 go on. The bullet did not pierce my skull, as the old ilin no donut believed it did; but it stunned me. and I fell. I knes no more until I founl m1yself in the mill dnilii aniid strug gling for my life." "Good lieavhs!" "Yes. ytou Iknow nIow how deleritined the old srvetchi ssas wslin he would not even give 1e1 a chance. But I suppose, lielistilig iie dead, he st-as only secur ing himiself by hiding mity body. You mciy guess ilint strength usnd dteteriin lition he had iheln le threwr iic over his slioulder like a sack snut carieil mie- up that rise; but it lsis come Iblcik to hiini nloss. Old Peter Dolislan's strciigtli to do evil is gone for ever." "Yes, indeed; linish -ous' slory." "1I guess it ti-s the slior-k of the stater that brought bacrk iiy sCiisCs to tind that I stas drowning: but he had throsn ins in wihere iiuy struggles brought imie to the surface, wrliere in old iut imii haligs one young lirancli into the swatem-. I ciauglt it, uild iiiln:iagieh to craswl out." "Whrit did you iuo then?' "Lay tsere until Margaret ibrouglit Dan dotwin to look for uie. S1he unid seen lier faitlicr steal toi-wn. tnd sits afiaid. 'Thi- tookl me incrk to the tint tiers, aild thit semy night Dollumtn haul the stroke tint inmlde hiiii helpless, so it stas easy to nuiise mise uitil I ias able to stork the mill ilgain lis a guost." "W'hy did you nleser let Dolnilun kniso that you wtere not dead?"' "'to luiiishl lim!" the young cblip salid, tilienlemintl-. "'A mall calnnot lIe Inur dered wi-ili cold bllooded sillaiinu witll out feeling bitter lgalust the stretcb tint uit it. At least It oiildn't. Onl3 for th1e snlke of Maurtgaret I slioultl have mItde his days end in a pieison cell for lis vile deed. As soon as I got well enough I insisted on Mfargaret liecominig Inmy sif. W'ntat cliinili has sneli as Peter Dolmuait oni L dsuaghlltea's obledi lice? Damn helps ins tosvor-k the mill. anl I livet up ilt the house withoiit fear of Dolman knowing, since lie is so hielp less." 'What svs his reason for being so set against your courting tile girl?" "I believe it wvas nothing but pure sel fishlness. He has made at slave of Mi. galret cvcr sirce tier iliother's death years aggoe, nd lie couldin't beir the idea of her escape. Since his partial paraly sis, I have got to be a bit sorry for him nos and tlien, aind if lie would olily show the least symitptomt of repentance for wliat he did I wouldl let hini knoiv that be is not t murderer; but Dolman lets no conscience-the devil has hit dened his heart." '-You isust not judge. For your otn sake, I woould. if I vere in your place, tell him the truth. In my eyes, te looks very bad. and most likely aInother stroke till rarry hlim off." "If he tould only shoow some repent Ince for ihat he did." "We are not told to wait for our sne Ltuts' repentance to forgive them; per iaps the repentance may follow the enowledge that his sin is not the great st of all, murder. I ills's read of men vho believed that murder was the un lorgiven sin mentioned in Script're." "I promised Margaret that I vould aike your advice," lie replied, "adid I vill come up in the morning-for Dol nan is in bed by this time-come up nfd break it~to him; but I charge you to i'y filSt, and get one word of repent unce out of him." "I will do my best." "And see, Ilhave beetliiukiug about' that hat you found; take it up with you and say I told you to show it to him. Perhaps that will fetch it confession of sorrow. If it does, I will forgive hint." I went op to Dolitan's about the came hlour that it had boee on moy visit of the day befote, and I cnaried ini mty hand, coveri'iid with a palter. the torniaid stain ed hat. Old Dolmin was in his chlir on the suoitiy verandah. lookitig niuch the saitie as I had herfore seen hint; but the old mnut's extression was citatiged. Hie was haggard ansi anxious lookinig. without tlhe sptiteful. fierce look ihle had before exliibiteds "hla! vou did conit. then? l'm glad. Have yeuiany news lot itO Sit down there ittn i tell te. I'm not rithit :t all thins mtorning, Imy hItnd is nutitt-i like, so I clane into the sun. Did you fitnd out who's m:skinug a fool of me, pretending that it was a ghost tint wis running the :till?"' 'I did," I atnswered. seriously. "I found out Ihe-tiutih. Thdr0 is no doutit that the younsg man IKinigsfor is Iun niniig'thie mill at nights." "It is a lie! IHe coultntt't-he cotildin't i" "Wily? "Iecotusie lie's deadt!" antti itito tite hlol low eyes again tinsilte a siralnge tire. "Didn't they tell you lie was dead, mur tiered? "Biut he itay not be des1' for all that." 'I wish to tod lie wasn't. I wish I was as sure of a tiupe of Ileavetn as that Bert. Kingsford is tkhden!" I gazed at the nan, whose tietmbiltg isands iwere tor a momtnt outstretched tis if ini tippetl to the dead. and woit tierci if the sorrow for his ileed that his victit had waitetidfor was thierm at Inst. "Atnd yot Cty you saw bhim. You couldn't-you couldn't. I tell yot lie is dteid." "I saw timt," I sutid catlmily. 'as cer tainly as I now see you; anti what is more. tie sent a mtessage to you." 'A micssiige! to me!" T'rie old tmtat was now greatly tigitated, titough piut ting tile strongest self- replression over his.words. his eyes all the while fixed awfully ott mine. "\Vhero did yot see hint ?" "In the hut. A youlin mittn stood there Itefore tihe hearth last night when I wenti ini after dark. Ho told tue not to lie afraid. tlat he was Herbert IKingsford, who hod been foully shot there On his own is he rtlhstorie, ida Ihe told me thit t w's to tell oou th'at you woltid ibe forgivent if your re penttnlce vas' sincere." "Oli, lly God: my Go'! it is, it is! I have lived an Itourly de'itth ever since that God-abandoned night! Bit you are's stranger, and you a-e mocking me! It is t lie! Would youmnako tut of an old mttu, who is sitting Ilipless on the borders of death this momentt'' -sI am ot mtockiing you. I have told you the simnple truth.t 'If "ou do not 'hlievo hit', look 'it this .'tsisford told me to' show it to 'you" I hod sitfolded the ltist inlhel d the tulig out beforeo hint toi it tnd tfistddy md blood st'ined.td He stated at it in otte motmuntof e ort iio o'id theln Ie tit toited ' tory th'ttl slill-ihlnoes lose the ioemot'v of. "Olih, iiti' God iii' isi nei'cv 'tot,,',i ig ile'! I wvs mttat'siuwlieu TI dit iit' itadl 'witli priude :itid obstitn'ie hiid trelellioio 't:0giiist'Thc'! Oh Loid, toait ii~ist's sake,'io'grv thoe tior sinier!'' d Dol taoot ftll liici nisetsiblet 'lii he ho secovereid Herbeit 'Kins foid wsits suppiorting him, 'std M:t'rgatet by his side. holding 'and chalntng his hlinds. W e haild I ered it ittight: litrs been ainother ittick of p.1inlysis, tut it wss only a faint, from usiwhrict 'ssip or tsso of 'isinue ., i him back some little strength, and Ie looked into IKitigoford's face wvith a gsop of hosrso. "It it:111 light, father. 'I -mnt not detd. I .ot out of thit dani in re covered. Don't ho 'friifud-I -uri rc'l flesh nil blood; feel ni nd lns. " 'It cain grip ltiard. 411 is forgiveta' "I don't understind", mutmurired Dol man, soeikl. "Your aicill it, mndioilo called ilme father." "So 'ou n'en for M'sryarots toy sife. Cheer usi for 'ill wiill bho wll no's Atid it is to be hopeid lit-it a'll 's' its ssl w1 'sitli Doltinn 'ihlet, 't teiv nmonths Ities, .he 'as, bondil dead in his ied iihving alipt'relitly died quietlyin tohis sleep. 1 believe hlew'symi' truly tepenttat for Ilis sio, and Ilid' looked iin the right placei for forgiveness of it. I ant still living in the mill liut, a con tented and healthyi mtani There is a garden of flowers ntow where the tig trees tsed to keeti tile sull ftiotti tile roof of my humltle honme, anil there is tio loneliness in, the neiglhbortood, for the saw titill is ini full work every ldoy. I have vistors, too. in addition to Kings ford and his sweet flutcrd Margaret,for two of their little ones ofteti come to mike mnerly arointi tie, or to get a ride witchn mliy uiho is li'nt'essesi to go for goods sold still by our too sulerstitiiots friend Carr. of the roadside store, who lookeld grievously mhisiplioioted when lie was obliged to own that there was no lotiger a. Ghostly Secret of The Sawmill. 