scienceM)¥es akd^uti1 ' , . ,TINGS. ' A1 .-WORLD OF LIGHT AND ,' ' ,; t '' DAEKNESS. \- ^Though, it is not at all a settled5 , \ ;point' among astronomers that the ,- ' planet . Venus rotates only once during the sola year, the pseudo. scientific ?writer and the professed fictionist are letting their imagina tions loose on the subject. If the day of 'Venus coincides with its yearyfchen — as the moon to us — it turns- always the same side to the sun. In this case one hemisphere must 'be bathed in continual sun .' shine, and the other wrapped in , 'perpetual night. Supposing Venus ? to^be inhabited by intilligentbeings ' ? how different must be the condi .' turns of life on the two hemis pheres! On theone side light and '? heat, and all the natural luxuri ances of a. tropic clime. On the other darkness and cold, with all ' their gloomy and cheerless attend ; ants. Here there is abundant ' room for the most extravagant ! imaginings, and already, as has ' been, sajd, we are being favored ?with picturesque delineations of th e ? beautiful, ethereal children of the ? ? : Bun.'who inherit the light side, and the^nome^ike creatures condemned ? to the perpetual ? gloom and frigidity at the other. These are, ' fcovreveavonly fancies, for even as suming tjhe a'staonomical fact to be , as supposed by some observers, \- ; otherpieeuliar physicial conditions ? of the planet may profoundly 'modify the conditions of life 'in both hemispheres. INAUDIBLE SOUND. 1 Thejsensation of sound is pro duced' 'by vibrations in the air, which travel from the vibrating body*and strike the organised ear. .The .rate of vibration varies with the sound.: the very low, or base notes,, indicate a low rate of .vibra tion, and tire high notes indicate ? rapid vibration. There is limit both ways to the number of vibra . tions per second to which the ear is sensible j fewer vibrations than 16, and more that 32,000 per second ? are- inaudible to the human ear — .the notes- are then either too low or toohigh for being heard. There \- can be no doubt, however, that notes of fewer than 16, and more than 23,000 vibrations per second, , v are. continually being emitted and carried to our- ears, but the sensory nerve fails to take cognisance of them, -and there is total silence so far as; we are concerned, Other ? ' animals' may, however, hear sounds . t that we*cannofc perceive- andhere . ? ' : in may lie -fiie secret of some , - strange previsions as to weather '.' ' changes, &c;, which are sometimes attributed- to the lower animals. HOW TO 2XOECISE GHOSTS. Eef erring to a .report in an Aus tralianpaperof the cure of a case of ' . . hallucination, the Lancet says : — The patient, a man aged 60 years, had ' suffered for two ;' ' years from subjective visual sensa tions. Nat a day passed that he did aiot see a- large number of spectral figures, and, believing him self to 'be haunted by ghosts, he had become -very despondent and melancholy. On seeking medical adyice,it was found that he had senile cataract. When this was remoTped by operation, the ghosts fled, and the man recovered his usual health. In this connection we' may cite the case of a tradesman in Berlin whose shop was haunted by apparitions resembling in ap pearance some of his deceased's customers. He was an intelligent man, aware that he suffered from sensory hallucination, and made notes of his subjective impressions. In due time he submitted his eyes to examination and operation, with a result ofthe restoration of normal vision and the immediate and final . dissappearance of his intangible ;- visitors. The obvious teaching of the foregoing and similar cases is that in these modern days the person to be resorted to for the exorcism^of spirits and demons is the ophthalmic surgeon. It may be suggested to the spiritualists who ase open to conviction, that curable aberarions of vision, plus unconscious cerebration, would account for a large proportion of the apparitions described in the periodicals devoted to the spread of' spiritualism. We believe that certain phenomena which cannot be explained in this ? manner are -generally due to imposture. 'Without doubt a large ' number of spiritualists honestly believe in the truth of what we cannot but regard as a monstrous delusion?? but it is not easy to re , strain a suspicion that others, and particularly 'mediums,' like the Earuspices of the Rome of Lucian's day, =find it difficult to meet without A wink and? a-smile. , , . HEEOtTET AND URANUS. ;- Eerr Leo Brenner, has been giv ing special, attention recently to the planets Mercury and Uranus. With his keen* eyed 7-inch refractor he hasten, able to discern spots and markinxp.on both planets sufficient to enable him to calculate their times %j xotation. He puts the rotation time of Mercury at about 84 h'OT/.rs, and'of Uranus at about eight hours. Mercury is the nearest (known) planet to the sun, and 'Efkanus the second farthest [omsfy. ihe one being fully 36 mil ' lions- of mflesna-way, and the other 1,822. millions. CON^ITIO3SPS?OF. ARTIFICIAL FLIGHT , In, a lecture delivered recently at the Imperial Institute on the problem of artificial light Dr. G. E. Bryan, when comparing the wing mechamism with the con taivascf/satfour disposal for 'serial 'travel, pointed out -that there 'was ' no such thing as a wJieeV ?in the animal kingdom ; and also drew attention to the advantages a screw-propeller had over the 'flapping' method of propulsion, the only one at the command of birds — so far, at least as their wings are concerned. By means of these mechanical powers, in conjunction with a suitable motor, he seemed to think we might yet be able to overcome the difficulties of artificial flight. The conditions necessary for a success ful machine ' were motive power, rigidity, balance, controlability, and the means of starting- and alighting safely. PEEPUMING- FLOWEBS. A curious industry is pursued in Paris, that of imparting a per fume to odorless flowers, and to odorous plants an odor different from the natural one. The Afri can marigold, for example, which has naturally an unpleasing smell, is first deprived of its evil odor, and then endowed with some delicious smell. This is effected by steeping the seeds of ? several generations of flowers in appropriately-scented solutions. SunfiWers are made by similar means to smell like roses, violets, &c;, Some violets which are finely-colored have little or no scent, and these are brought to have as pleasing a smell as their sweeter-scented sisters. It is said that trees also are made to produce blossoms scented according to fancy by pouring into the trunk, at the proper season, through a hole bored for the purpose, a thick liquid impregnated with the desired odor. ? . ? ? ?? ? INSTINCT -NOT^INFALLIBLE. It is a common notion ' that the lower animals know by instinct what sort of food is good for them — that they only require to smell a thing,, or in some cases to taste it, either at once to reject or accept it as a proper article of diet, and that their judgment is infallibly correct. But this notion is not supported by fact. Mr. Andrew Lang informed us recently that temperance men are wrong when they tell us that man is the only creature that takes more strong drink than is good for him, and in other ways animals are found to err in respect of what they swallow. Ducks, besides being oc casional tipplers, often die from eating a species of caterpillar. Cattle drink water containing hurt ful matter ; cats frequently suffer from eating diseased mice, and from surfeits of favorable foods ; and dogs are sometimes killed by eating poisonous food that has been laid in their way. ANOTHER PICTUEErTELEGEAPH. Dr. E. D. Anger, of Chicago, is said to have invented a machine for transmitting pictures, photo graphs, and printing to long dis tances by wire by means of the Bontgen rays. The inventor pro ceeds somewhat on the principle of the telephone. Exact reproduc tions have, it is stated, been ob tained, although the instrument is not yet perfect. SOUNDINGS WITHOUT A LINE. A method of sounding the ocean depths without a line has been devised by Mr. John Munro. It consists in dropping a lead contain ing an explosive cartridge which detonates on striking tne bottom of the sea. The sound of the explosion is received by a sub merged microphonic apparatus, and is duly noted on board ship. The depth is then estimated from the length of time occupied by the lead in sinking to the bottom. AET3 PAEEOTS LEFT-CLAWED? There seems to be evidence that some animals, at least, are left handed. Parrots grasp and hold food with the left claw. Living-, stone stated that lions, struck with the left paw; he taught that all animals are left-handed. David S. Jordan, who has been shaking hands with the parrots to verify this observation, finds that the left-handed habit may be induced in parrots from the fact that in offering one's finger for the parrot to grasp it is usually that of the right hand. The parrot, therefore, puts his left claw forward. If the left finger be offered the parrot the bird will put forward the right foot. He says, however, that there is apparently a small preference for the left foot, but this he ac counts for on the ground that left footedness is most always induced in parrots from the fact that those who offer the finger or food to the parrot usually do so with the right hand. Eepetition of this process, it would seem, tends to make the parrot more or less left-footed. 