[?] Loanibffion Our Beloved. By; Latb-Rev.,:O. .H. SrunciEON. .Wlio.is this'tiiab'.eomotU "lib frbin tho wltrter- nost, . loaning upon lior beloved .'—Solomon's Bong vltl. 5.' . - i . .; There Ja ainost intimate connection beiweoa ooinmunioh; with Giirist nnd . progress in graoe,. and : therefore tho more .; oarof ul. we are to maintain fellowship with' our Lord,; the more successful, shall wn bo in going from strength to strength in all those liolv nruoes ivhioh are landmarks on tho wiiy to glory. Tlio well-head aud fountain of growth "in graoo is woll sustained communion and mani fest ononcss with Ohrist. To live near to Christ is the ono thing needful ; to keep up that lioiirnbss, and never to suffer our followsitip to bo interrupted, should bo -our ono great business hero below. ; " > ... , l...Wo.' horo iiotieo the heavonly. pilgrim and lmr.dear companion... ' Who (s tbis that nonieth up 'from tlio Avildornoas, leaning upon .her .beloved f" Evory soul that journeys towards lieuvoh bus Christ for its nsBooiate. Jesus suffers no pilgrim to tlio new Jorusaiem to. t.ravol tinattonded.; Ho is with un in symimtliy..; Ho lias' trodden every ktbp.bf tlio way before us. AVliutovor our temptations, Ho 1ms been, so tempted ; whutever our ufliiiitious, Ho has beu so afllioted. Ho is touched with", tlio. fbormg of qui' infirmi ties,' 'huving/. .boeii . tempted "Jir nil i-points: like as we : are. Nor is " Jeans near us in syniputhy alono. He is with us to rendor prnetionl ussistunce. Whon we least pereeive Him, . Ho is often closest to us. " Lo, I am with you ulwuy, oven to the cud of tlio world," is .true; to ujl His saints ; and, " Fear thou not ; tor Panu'with'tllee ;;bo not dismayed ; for I nin thy God," is no mcan- ingleas assertion, but to be understood ' as ii eertuin .verity and a'priiotioal tf utli. In every stop of this pilgrimage, from the wiokct gnto "of repentance up to tlio peiirly gate wliioh admits, tlio iiorfect into paradiso, Jesus Ohrist. in syiripaliiy. of heart and m uotual prbscnuu of )i6I>, is very iioiir to His people. Bo this tlie I'.ilirrini's encouragement ar. all times. Dear friends, who umuug' us would not under take n journey iu suoli company? If Ho were liore to-day, and said, " My child, I call to you to go on' a pilgrimago," porlmps you would stnrb liuck with dark forebodings of tho way ;' but if He lidded, "But I'will be with theo. whithersoever thou goest,'.' we should oneli ono reply, "Through floods, . or flumes, if Thou dost, lend, wo will follow Thee where Thou goest. Lead tlio van, O Crucified, and-wo will follow Thee ! Lot' us hilt sea Thy footprints ill the road, and whether the path winds up the hill of diffi culty, or descends into the valley of humilia tion, it shall lie' tho host read that over mortal footsteps trod if it bo but marked with tho tokons of Thy most blessed presence." Courage, then, yo wayfarers who traverse tlio viiio of tours! you come up from tho wildorncss in dear company, for (hie like unto the Son of. "Giid is at your . sido. Note tlio title thut'is given to -tho companion ' of tho spouse. "Her beloved." Indeed, Hi of whom the song hero speaks is beloved above all others. Ho was tlio Beloved df'His Father or over tlio . earth was ; Ho was declared to ho tlie Lord's beloved in tho waters of Jordan, and ut other times, wbuu out of tlio excellent glory there came tho voice, "This is My beloved Sou in whom I um well pleased." Boluvod of His Fatlior now, our Jesus sits for ever glorious at God's right hand. Jesus is'tlic Beloved of overy angel, nnd of nil tho bright seraphic spirits that crowd around tlio throne of His nugiist Majesty, Vjisting tlibir orowus before His ' feet", ami lifting up their censo- lsss hymns. They nro not merely servants who obey bueuiiso tlioy . must, but reverent admirers who servo because tlioy love. Ho is the Beloved of overy boing of pure heart mill holy mind, Tito hosts triumphant, who have wnshod thoir robes iuid inndo them white in tho blood of tho ' Lamb, sing that .word "Beloved" witli an emphasis which our colder liearls as yot liiivo failod to roach ; but still, is Hii beloved of the militant bund this sido tho Jordan? . Yes, Lord, witii all that wo havo to coufess'bf hardness iuid in difference, wo do lovo Theo, and Tbon knowest it. 1 7 ' "Would not our heart pour forth its blood In honour of Thy niuno, Aud challenge tho cold hand of death To qiiouch the immortal flumo ?" The nduinaiit is softer thaii our lioarts by nature ; mid' yot the love wo hoar Theo, 0 divino Redeemer, atinmlutcd liy tlie lore which Thou hast manifested to us, litis made our souls to molt iu Thy presence. " Yes, wo .lovo 'l'liee, und adore ; . Oh for grace to love Theo more ! " Nolo woll thut the. sweetest word' of tlio nunieis, "leaning upon liar Boloved." Tliut Tcsiis is beloved is most true ; but is Ho. my Beloved ? Bay, thou who art listening to tbo word this morning, is Jesus tliy holoyad ? Dost thou lovo Him ? Canst thou put forth tlio finger of thy timid faith and touuli tjie, \- hem of His'gurment; and rcecivo the "Virtue wliioh gooth out of Him ? Dost thou dare to say, "He is all iny salvation nnd nil my desire. Other refngo have I none ; my soul hangs in lior utter helplessness entirely upon Htm ? " Thou is Ho thy Beloved ; and the inoro thon oanst foster tlio well-grounded holiof that Josua is thine, the more thou canst roll tliut truth malar thy tongae ns u sweet morsel, tlio hupptav nnd holior wilt tliou he. Realiso tlie fuot tliut Josus is ns actually nnd truly tbmo.iiH is tliy husband, thy wife, thy child, thy mother, or thine own self; thon will poaoo and lovo reign within thy spirit. The spouse could not lmvo loaned on Jesus its the Beloved, she conld only flud rest in Him us her beloved. Till' you get a seusa of His boing yours, you do not dure to loan, but when you como to know that Ohrist is yours by nu act of appropriating faith," tben comes tho after- result of fnitli in the oonsoornted repose which tho soul feols in the power nui love of Him on whom she relies. . . , 27 Wo now pans on to" something deeper'; Wo hnv'e said that the pilgrim has a den'r companion, but thut ihuoh of tbo blessodiicss of'tlio.toxt lies ill lior posliiro . towards Him; "Who is this that com'qth lip "frbm ' the wildorncss, lenning upon lior beloved P" Her posture, thon, is tliut of "loaning.'! His re lation to Iter is that of a divine supporter. This text is ofton quoted wrongly,' " Avho is this tliut- comoth up. from tlio ' wildoruoss; loaning upon tho urm.of her beloved?" But it is not so in tho text" lit all. Horo is no dis tinct roforonoo to an urm at alt. There is ait arm hero undoubtedly, but thoro is a . groat - doal more— tliero is a whole person ; auil tho text speaks of leaning upon tlio whole person of " her beloved." Observe, then, that the Christian loans upon Christ in His personality und complete- - noss; not", merely upon tlio "arm of ' His' Istrength, us- thut miRquotntioirwould have it,; but. upon .the wliole Christ. Tho leaning; 1 pllico of a Ohristiun. is, first of nil, Christ's person. Wo depend upon tho Lord Jesus as God nnd ns man. As God, Ho must be able to perform overy promise, und . to oohiove ovory covonuut and ongiigomeiit.. Wo lean upon that divinity wliioh boars up . tho pilliirs of tlio univorse. Our dopondonoa is upou;tho Klmiglity God, incarnuto in human .form, by . whom nil things were created, and. by whom all tilings consist. Wo lean also upon Ohrist as Man ; we dopoud upon His 'generous human sympathies. Ot a woman born, Ho is partaker of our flash ;' He outers into our sioknesHes nnd infirmities with a pitiful compassion which Ho oould not havo folt if Ho had not boon tlio Bon of Man. Wo depend upon tho lovo of His humanity ns well us upon tlio potenoy of His doity. Wo loan upon our Boloved us God and Man. Alt I I havo known tiinos wlion I have felt thnt hono but a God could bonr ino up; there are 'other seasons wlion, under a soiibo of sin, I have started baok from God, and folt that nouo hut tlie Man Christ Jesus could minister poucc to my anguished heart. Taking Ohrist in tho double nature as God and Man, Ho bocoines thus a suitable, leaning placo for our spirit, whatever may happen to bo tlio stuto in which our mind is found, Beloved, we lean upon Ohrist Him- Rolf in all His olliccs. Wo lean upon Him as priest ; wo expcot our offorings, und our praises, and our prayers to be reeoived, bcimuxo they nro presented through Hiin. Our leaning for uccophuicu in on Hirn. Wo icun upon Him ns our prophet. We do not profess to know, or to bo able to discover, truth of ourselves ; but wo sit ut His foet ; what Ho teaches wo reooivo us cortuinty. We leap upon Him as onr King. Ho shall fight our buttles for us, and manage nil tlio affairs of our heavenly citizenship. Wc have no liopo of viotory but iu the strength of Him who- is the . Son of David and the King of kings.. Wo lean upon Christ in nil His attributes. 1 Sometimes it is His wisdom— iu our; dilemmas Ho direots us ; at other times itis His faithfulness— in . our strong temptations samo: Atone time His powor gleams out liko a golden pillar, and wo rest on it; nnd ut another moment His tender ness becomes conspicuous, and wo lean on that. Boloved, there is no pnrt of the pilgrimage of a saint in which he mm afford to walk in any other way but iu tbo way of leaning. Ho comoth up at first, and ho cunioth up at tho last, still leaning— still leaning upon Ohrist Josus ; ay, and. loaning more and mora heavily upon Christ tbo older ho grows. Tho strongor tho beliover becomes, the more con6oious he is of his personal weakness; and, therefore, tho more fully docs ho cast himsolf upon his Lord and lean with greater force on Him. Beloved, it is u. blessed thing to kcop to this posture in all wo do. Oh, it is good preaching when you lean on tho Beloved as you preach, and feel, "He. will help mo, He will give mo thoughts and words, Ho will bless tho ihossago, Hp will fill tho hungry with good tilings, " nnd ' make tho Sabbath to bo . a delight to His people." ' Oh, it is a ; blessed ' thing to lean on the Boloved, you.'. fool then that yoii oiiimot bo denied : you have coino into tlio King's court, and brought your advocato.wlth you, and you lay your prayer ut . tho foot of tlio tlirone.-tho Prinoe Himself puttiiig.His own sign manual, and seal und stanip of love.upou your desires. This is tho . Hweet why to endure und suffer witn content. Who would not suffer, when Jesus. pinkes tho.bod of oiir sjckliess. und stays us "up ' und give's us tokens of His love? This '-'is- 'the Divine- method- of 'working. BoHove.- ino; no snored' work onn bs- con- , tinned . with energy except in this spirit, fop flesh .flags, , uud. oven,; the spirit , lun- gnislies.'uxccpt.. there bp; the -constant leaning upon the Boloved. As for you, men of busi ness, you wlth your.fiimilios, and, with your shops, and with your'fiolds, lind your enter prises—you vrill tlnd it poor living unless you evermore' lean on your Bolovod in' all tilings.' , If you- can ' bring" yonr daily ' cares; your .domestio - troubles, your family sicknesses, 'your personal infirmities, your . losses and 'your crosses— if you can -bring all tilings to, Jesus, it will... bo easy-' and happy living, I .would fain encourage tlio hoir of heaven, who is hi trouble,; to . lean. I :oan- oucourago volt ' from oxporience. Why dp ypu not cast your cure on Him who cares for ravons and for lloivers of the field ? Why-are you not assured that Ho will also care for.you? 3' Her reasons for tims leaning.. She loaned on the Beloved - hseauso her rente was ; ascending. Did you notice it? " Coming up.'' Tho Christian's way is up — novel' content with past attainments, but up ; not satisfied with graces to which lie has reached, but up. He is not good who does not desire ' to be better ; lie is not graoious who -would not bo more griioions. Thou know'est ' not-' the light if thou dost not desire mora -.light... Tho heavenly .way is upward, upward, upward, upward Tills is tho way to heaven. The toiuloney of "man's nature is downward. How soon we doscend ; and how prono is our suul, from lior most olavatod condition, to sink baok into the dull, dead level of lior natural estate ! If wo are to' go up, we must lean. Christ is higher than wo are ; if wo loan, wo shull rise the more readily to His elevation. Ho oomos down .to us.thiit wo, loaning, upon Hiin, muy go up to Him. Tlio more wo'Ioan— tho more truly wo oust the weight of our. spiritual .wrestling, spiritual struggling, spiritual 'growth' upon Him — tlio more surely shall wo. gain the wrestling, tho struggling, and tho- growth. Dopond us-muuhfor growth in grace upon Ohrist as for the pardon-of sin.'- Hois'muile of. God niito.yonr suuotifiontioii as well as , redemption. Look for suuotifioatiou,. tlircmgli tlio blood, for it is a purifier us woll' as .'pu'rdoiiqi'.' . Tlio samo blood which puts awjiy tlio guilt of sin is by tlio Holy Gliost appied :iis . a' blood of sprinkling to put away from us tho" reigning power of sin. Who, then, is it that leans on her Beloved ? I will toll you. Hor nnmo wns once called " out cast," whom 110 man seekotli alter, hut, ucobrding to this old Buck, lior immo is now Hcphzibah, for tlio Lorddolightetii 'in lier. Wo word afar off from God, .oven as others ; and if any soiiiis brought to .trust in Christ, it is boemiso graco has wrought h wondrous transformation, and God the Holy Ghost luis mado tliosb wlio were not a pouiilo to hooallod tho people of God. .. Good lieiva this for any 'if yoii.wlio fool .your guilt. You ..liavo hesn' hitherto serving Satan, but incrov. can yet bring yon to lenn tipon tho Boloved ; graco can bring von up from tho wilderness instead of permitting you to go down to the pit. She who to-day- joyously trusts in her God was onr.u a weeping Hannah, a woman of a sorrowful spirit, hut now lior soul rojoicoth in tho Lord, for Ho hath remomlidred 'lior low estate. - Slio was oueo u sinful Rnhub, dwell ing, iii "it city damned to destruction,' but sho has hiitig out tlio scurlot lino of faith, und if. nil others jiorisli," sho sliuil bo secure ' "hi tho, day of doslructioii. , Sho' who is hero spokon of is a Rutli. Slio enmi; from afar lis uu idolatress ; . slie loft tho laud of lier nativity, .und sho liath. autored into union witli tho Lord mid His people. Hor cry is, "Where Thou dwollost I will dwell. Thy people shall bo my people, tliy God hIihII bo iny God.". Slio wns oncoa stranger, but slio is now un Israelite indeed; sho was unco .'icuurscd, but slio is' now blessed: onoo foul, but now washed; onoe lost, but now found again. Iu a word, the soul that leans upon Ohrist habitually ovary (lay, und oiists her euro tipon Him, is.one of a princely moo ; slio litis boon bogotten into the family of God; the. blood Imperial flows within lior . veins, : und m tho day when tho oruwiis of princes und ,of emjiorors shall ineltiuto tiio . common dust- to which tlioy belong, the erown jowdls and the diadems of these believing souls shall glitter iu the king dom of God. . . . . .. . . 