METHODIST UNION. OPENING OP THE DEBATE. Tliere was a large attendance on Tuesday afternoon last of both ministers and laymen, with a good muster of visitors in the gallery, including both ladies and gentlemen, who appeared to take the keenest interest in the proceedings. There were the necessary pre liminaries, important and otherwise, which appeared to tax the patience of the Conference, until the Secretary with stentorian voice, announced ' the order of the day,' The Rev. W, W. Rutledge then read the report of the United Federal Council Which was adopted without discussion. The report of the Wesleyan section of the Council was then presented which contained the voting of the members, adherents, trustees, synods, See., as already published in our columns. Mr. Jos. Vickery rose to move that the vote be taken without debate. He gave his reasons why the vote should be proceeded with at once, viz.-: a debate would not, in his opinion, affect one single vote, there was no new light on the subject, it would be in the interests of business, and most of all in the interests of peace and brotherliness. He was in hearty accord with the opinion expressed by the Rev. T. Parr, M.A. that this subject would not be decided by debate, but through the power of the Holy Ghost. Mr. J. Terry seconded the motion in a brief speech. Mr. W. Robson thought the debate should proceed, otherwise the Con ference must find another name. He contended the subject was not exhausted, that there were new phases of the question, and that it wouid not be in the interests of permanent peace if an attempt were made to suppress'free and full discussion. The Rev. W. G. Taylor also urged proceeding with the debate. The motion moved by Mr. Vickery was lost, to the evident relief of the visitors in the gallery, who were on the tip-toe of expectation. Some discussion took place as to the time limit, with the result that the Conference agreed that the mover of the first resolution and the mover of the amendment should speak for half an hour, and twenty minutes be allowed for each succeeding speaker. It was also resolved that the Con ference should divide when the vote was taken. The Rev. W. W. Rutledge,- who was received with enthusiasm, moved, ' Whereas for several years past the question of Methodist Union has been the subject of resolutions passed in the General and Annual Conferences of Austral asia ; and whereas the General Conference of 1894 by a very large majority passed a resolu tion declaring that ' the organic union of the various branches of the Methodist Church wouid be for the glory of God and the ad vancement of Christ's kingdom,' and further ' empowered and authorised each Annual Con ference to carry into effect within its own bounds, at the earliest period found practicable, union with any or all of the other Methodist Churches,' upon a certain basis accepted by the General Conference of 1894 ; and whereas the New South Wales Conference of 1896, believ ing that this matter must ultimately be deter mined by the people of the several Churches concerned remitted the whole question to our congregations, trustees, quarterly meetings, aud district synods : — (a) This Conference, in view of the large majority of votes of our congregations, trustees, and quarterly meetings in favour of organic union, declares its will ingness to take steps to effect an organic union of the Wesleyan Methodist, Primitive Metho dist, and United Free Methodist Churches of New South Wales on the basis accepted by the General Conference of 1894. (6) In the opinion of the Conference the actual organic union of the Churches concerned should be gradually effected and commence not later than the year 1902. (c) From and after that date amalgamation and adjustments to be gradually effected in accordance with the wishes of the circuits and districts concerned, (d) The Conference therefore resolves that with the concurrence of the other Methodist Churches, the Methodist Federal Council of New South Wales be re-appointed, the func tions of which shall be(l) To foster a frater nal spirit amongst the Churches. (2) To pro mote a periodical interchange of pulpits and the holding of united meetings. (3) To con sider any proposals for the union of local Churches and circuits, to consider any pro posals for building new churches or taking up new stations in localities where Methodist agencies already exist with a view to prevent overlapping. The Council may originate pro posals, and in all cases shall report to the supreme courts of the respective Churches. (4) That, in order to secure a uniform standard of ministerial efficiency, overtures be made to the other Churches to establish a united ex amining committee, to which all candidates for the ministry shall be presented for approval. (5) During the ensuing conferential year the Methodist Federal Council shall take into consideration what legal enactments are necessary, and what other steps are required for effecting organic union on the lines of the scheme submitted to the people and Church courts, and report to the Conference of 1898. He felt the responsibility of his position, and came to the discussion with a determination mat oy jjivme assistance he would maintain a calm spirit throughout. He gave credit to the opponents of organic union for conscien tious convictions. He wished to deal with the position of the question as it stood to-day. It had been before them for at least fifteen years, and no one could point to a single Conference that had passed a negative vote. He contended it was not a colonial question — not a question for N. S. Wales— it was an Australasian question. It was more forward in the other colonies. After alluding to the passing of resolutions favourable to organic union in Adelaide and Queensland, he thought there must be some insurmountable difficulty in the way of N. S. Wales following the example of the other colonies. In his judg ment the consummation of organic union was easy and practicable. Even the resolution carried at the last Conference did not deal with the desirability or otherwise, but the difference of opinion was as to the date when union was to be consummated. That resolu tion also led to the question being remitted to the members and adherents of the Church, and what, he asked, is the answer 1 and what was the value of the vote taken ? Would the Conference fly in the face of that answer? He then gave the figures in connection with the vote, and indicated that where one had said no, three had said yes, concluding his speech by referring to the position and attitude of the ministers in the trustee meetings, and the votes in the quarterly meetings and synods, Mr. S. H.Gannon seconded the resolution but made no remark, reserving his right to speak at a later stage. Mr. R. H. Ducker moved as an amendment : ' That this Conference, having before it the report of the Wesleyan section of the Federal Council upon the vote taken on Methodist organic union, finds : — 1. That less than one third of the adherents have voted at all, and less than one fourth are in favour of organic union. *2. That the responsible officers of the Church, as represented in the Quarterly and trustee meetings, are strongly and seriously divided. 3. That the vote of the district synods was decidedly against union. That, in the presence of a vote indicating such divided feeling, the Conference resolves that any further negotiations towards organic union is at present undesirable, and believes that continued agitation would endanger the prosperity of the denomination. But, im pressed with the desirability of unity of spirit and harmonious working among the different branches of the Methodist family, this Con ference would gladly accept such a federation of these Churches as would prevent over lapping and church rivalry, secure a more economical working, and foster a closer brotherliness ; and that, while not destroying the autonomy of the Churches, would give the weight of a common voice and action on all matters of public importance. And with the view of promoting this, it ap points representatives to the Federal Council.' He disclaimed any unfriendliness or un brotherliness towards the other Methodist Churches. All he urged was to let them alone lest they should be inveigled into an alliance that would be unsatisfactory. He believed organic union impossible. He understood union to mean harmony, concord, agreement, but instead of that, they had already a house divided against itself. It was true that in many cases majorities rule, but there were exceptions, and the minority of to-day might be the ? majority to-moirow. He thought unity of effort and spirit — oneness of aim and purpose — practicable and desirable, but not organic union. Many failed to discriminate between the two things. Organic union had been shown to be impracticable wherever it had been tried. In New Zealand the Prim itive Methodists were outside the so- called united Methodist Church. He went back 23 years to the beginning of this movement, and he believed that had there been legitimate birth of the union question, there would haye been legitimate growth. He further urged the undesirability of organic union. It would not le ad to the pacification of those discordant elements that were known to exist. Would the , laymen of the other bodies give up their rights and privileges — could a pledge be given to that effect. They were in his opinion yielding to the sentiment of this question and not to the -common sense point of view. The laymen had not met them hi the Federal Council, which to him was very signficant. ' If,' said the speaker, ' you ever consummate organic union you base it upon a divided church, you build it on the ruins of a divided church.'' He did not consider a thousand of the votes given by many of them equal to one of those who were bearing the burden and heat of the day and were financially responsible for so many of, their burdened trusts. 'I cannot vote for union — I dare not—' said Mr. Ducker, 'it will imperil the safety of our Church and lead to discussion, discord, and disruption. Let the church do its own work, let there be more faithfulness in the pulpit and the pew, , let us look for and pray for a baptism of the Spirit and of power, and we shall have peace and prosperity and times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord.' Mr. R. S. Callaghan seconded the amend ment and adverted to 'the serious position in which the Church fotfnd itself that day. He regarded this question as standing in the way of the peace and progress of the Church. They were in favour of union, but not organic union. They wanted it on the lines of Federation, as in the case of the important question at present before the public. It had ?-' been said that if organic union were not consummated in New South Wales the colony would stand alone. The}' were not to decide this question because the other colonies did. He would point out that this colony was alone in her fiscal policy, and as a consequence was the foremost of the whole group. As to the adherents' vote, -lie admitted there was a considerable majority, but maintained that a larger majority would have to be secured to ^ warrant such a constitutional change. The majority was less in the quarterly meetings because they had more information, on the subject: less still in the trustee meetings. where they were still more enlightened, while 1 in the synods the vote was decidedly against. He asked them to leave out the word organic, and they could vote for it. He advocated some sort of a compromise. If some form of union could be devised on lines similar to the basis set before them in. the great federation question he would vote for it. The Rev. R. Bavin believed they had come to the parting of the ways, and they must go forward. They were not advocating precipi tancy. The earliest time fixed for the consum mation of organic union was 1900, and even then the process would be gradual. They must now go forward or say they could not go at all. They must come to some honest decision on thesubject. Looking at the history of this movement he would remind them that the other Churches had not come knocking at their door. The solicitation was on their side, and could they after so long eourting the sister Churches now throw them over? Now too that their people had spoken he implored them not to belittle their voice. He believed the General Conference, was divinely guided in preparing their basis of union, and that basis was accepted by the other Methodist Churches. They would have to give up the name W esleyan, they would perhaps admit laymen, on the Stationing Committee, but he argued that everything vital to Methodism was conserved. He believed that union was working splendidly in New Zealand, of that he had authoritative evidenqe. The door was open - here,- let them enter. Mr, T. P. Reeve while against organic union was not against union. He would give his Teasons why he was against organic union. The great financial difficulties in the way would be increased if they decided for union. He pointed to the number of ministers to be received from the other churches, whose salaries would have to be raised to their own standard, and which would entail a further burden upon them. To raise the amount necessary would be a difficult task, and they must not lower the standard. Then there were legal difficulties Their legacies were made out in the name of the Wesleyan Church, their trusteeship also. Most of the men who have the largest share in the responsibilities of the Church were against union. A better teeling should exist before union was carried. He maintained if union should be decided upon a large number of ministers would be left without a circuit at all. They would glorify God and extend Christ's : kingdom more rapidly if they remained as they were. In the interests of peace and harmony he would vote against organic union. The Rev. W. G. Taylor in rising to speak wished to answer a statement that had been made. They had been told that if union were consummated it would wreck their Church and bring about disaster. He did not believe that, but was convinced the great majority would coincide in their action. It was said they would have a divided church. They had that now and he contended that as they had set the ball rolling, with the impetus it had] received it could not be stopped. They were told the Primitive Methodists had not spoken. He declared they had, and had passed resolutions directly in favor of organic union. He asked on what ground did the Primitives go out from their church. It was through allowing certain privileges to their liaymen. But they were in entire unison with that now. The terms had been agreed upon ~and the bodies were prepared to accept their basis. They were therefore shut up to one course as the other Churches had accepted their proposais. He would be ashamed of N.S.W. if they came in at the end of the hunt. . He referred to the action of the other colonies on this question, and stated they were the only body in the whole southern world not ripe for Methodist Union ! The Rev. Joseph Spence reciprocated the sentiments expressed by the opener of the debate. To manifest any but a kindly spirit I would be unworthy of them. Much of the ? ' action of the unionists was founded on senti ment. He thougnt if they had fallen in love with the sister Churches, as sensible men they should get up and have a good look round, before committing themselves. He wished to deal with the vote taken, audits value. In his opinion it was secured in a manner that did not commend itself to the judgment of many of them. The statement published was coloured, and could only be interpreted as asking those who received it to vote for ' union. In taking so serious a step they should carry the entire Church with them. As a matter of fact, they had only a one-fifth affirmative vote. Out of 50,000 qualified to vote, only 10,000 had exer cised their privilege. What assurance had they that the 40,000 would follow 1 A firm of solicitors have advised that they must obtain a larger vote before such a step could be taken. He urged them to work up to union. While it was contended that union had been consum mated in Canada and that it would therefore be good for us, the action of Canada had had no influence on their neighbors in the United States where they had some fourteen different Methodist denominations. Mr. Halliday cliaimed he was open to con viction on this question. As to the vote taken, he claimed that the intelligent portion of the Methodist's voted on the occasion. To him - the most serious part of the thing was that they had asked for the voice of the people and that had been beard with no uncertain sound, and were they going to play fast and loose with their people 1 It would make them a laughing stock to the outside world. He urged the undecided and wavering to give their vote in favor of organic union. The Rev. J. W. Dowson claimed catholicity of spirit, but was not in favor of organic union. He had respect for the vote that had been taken and of which so much had been made, but he claimed it was not a -satisfactory vote in favour of union. He questioned the intelligence of the vote taken and believed three- fourths of the people did not know what they were asked to vote upon. He did not believe in the Divine origin of this agitation and regarded it as having done their Church incalculable damage. The time and trouble spent in this movement could have been devoted to the work of saving souls, whereas this agitation had been detri mental to their Church life. As to stopping the ball rolling — it could have been stopped twelve months ago. The Hon. J. S. Larke came to the debate with many years' experience on the subject of Methodist Union. He gave his reason why he could not vote for the amendment.. There were the votes of the people. There was the fact that a federal union was not practicable. He referred them to Wesley's sermon on schism, and argued that their divisions were not warranted unless a commandment of God had been violated. The British Conference had sanctioned union in Canada, and Ireland and Germany. He then dealt with the references made to Canada and the United States, pointing out the difficulties in the way of union in the States, but reminding them that the question was by no means dead there. He then gave his experiences of union- in Canada, pointing out that the Church, and people, and ministers had benefitted by the change, and that advancement was reported in connection with every department under the United Conference. The Rev. J. G. Middleton believed in the federation of the Churches. Many of their people did n jt understand what they were called to vote upon. One had asked if it meant a musical union, as the word organic was mentioned. In his present circuit he had attempted to bring about union among the Churches, but had failed, and the other Metho dist bodies were most to blame. He thought they should remember that Christ had never given them the mould in which they should work. b.ut. had given them the .principles and thoughts. Methodism would never be the same to Him if they introduced another ele ment. While he believed the ministers of the other bodies would come, but would they bring their people 1 The Rev. A.J. Webb referred to the class ticket, on which was a bundle of sticks, indi cating the strength of unity, yet each stick maintaining its individuality. That was his idea of Methodism.- It-would be disastrous to consummate the maniage of these Churches unless they were as one. If union came on an irrepressible tide, God would with it. He questioned their ripeness for such a consum mation. The Rev. J. E. Carruthers referring to the compromise proposed said that was a course he had always advocated. But they must keep faith with the people. The question was not going to be decided by that Conference nor to set aside by it. He then looked into the figures j and contended that the amendment must be altered to be in harmony with facts. Meth odist union wa3 in no way analogous with federation. A federal union would be similar to the Hobart Federal Conference, a consulta tion on the subject with no authority. They were moving slowly as their resolutions indicated, which stipulated merely that they were to 'take steps to. effect, -fcc.' It w;as not to be done here and now but to work up to union. They asked tor the consummation not later than 1902. The trend of the times is in the direction of Methodist Union. He was pursuaded - this movement was of God and would before long succeed. The Rev. C. J. Prescott hoped for a larger union than that contemplated, which, if carried, would block the way to the larger union with all the other Churches. He charged the blame on those who had separated, they were not driven out. As to the vote taken, no vote could bind the free voice of the Con ference. No previous Conference could effect the action of that Conference. The final voice was the voice of that Conference, - They were not going to be deterred by the voice of the people. If the people had been asked how much the people would give towards the financial obligations as well as if in favour of organic union, he. maintained the reply would have been different. The Conference adjourned at 9.30 p.m. Note. — Thursday being a holiday, we had to go to press earlier than usual, and are com pelled to hold over the rest of the debate nntil our next issue. Ed. 