SELECTED PAPER. "ON THE TRAIL OP A GHOST/ Mr. Frederick Wicks, writing to "The Times" apropos of ''Haunted Houses" (a topic made interesting by recent articles in newspapers and magazines), says: Mr. Andrew Lang thinks "it would be very interesting if the mysterious noises so long attributed by tradition to 'haunted houses' could be accounted for by what Byroni calls 'young earthquakes."' Most -of "those who have read the remarkable correspondence upon the Balleehin case would think it equally interesting if any cause, however commonplace, were defi nitely proved to have been the cause of .the sounds weakly attributed to super natural lapses. What sensible people want is not suggestions as to what may have caused the noises, but what actually did cause them; and my object in address ing you is not to add to the vague conjec tures with which we have been treated, or to draw conclusions from mere gossip, as if it were evidence, but to give an account of the exorcising of a supposed "ghost" and the rehabilitating of a so-called "haunted house" by systematic procedure. As the case is almost identical in its main features with tha t of Balleehin, except that the sounds were somewhat more mysterious and were associated with alleged acts of violence and reports of apparitions, the method of exorcism should be instructive. \- The house is that in which I am now living (at fisher). It came into my pos session three years ago. It had been for sale for ten years, and was in charge .of a. caretaker, who lived in a cottage on the property. It was a long, rambling house, built on diverse levels, and havyig-tipwanis of fifty doors in it. Some part of the house;was said to b& 200 years old; it was pigggit task .!b£ ifc jras a picture of desolation, ruin, and damp. Several of the windows were entirely blocked by the, branches of trees; the principal, garden of two acres was a perfect jungle of unrestrained growth; and when I discovered the place the high wall that shut in the house from the road was orna mented with half-a- dozen tottering notice boards, set up at various times by as many house agents, who had apparently forgotten them and left them to rot. Seeing that the roadway for a mile in either direction was unlighted, and that the silence of the night-time in the neighbourhood was pro found, it is easy to conceive that an evil reputation should become associated with the house among the ignorant and super stitious. j The gossip fermented for a twelvemonth I without coming to my ears, but eventually developed into a complete circumstantial account' of the appearance of a little white haired lady, who announced her presence in an attic by sounds described as knock ing, bumping, scratching, and wailing; and I was positively assured that she had been seen to go out of the window backwards. Certain bushes in a shrubbery were pointed out to me behind which she had been seen to disappear. The cook, whose room it was, stated that one night the whole of the bedclothes had been suddenly removed from off her by ghostly means; and when ques tioned closely, with furtive suggestions that imagination had something, to do with the case, she indignantly protested that she knew ghost sounds when she heard tbem, and had heard them in other places before. [The reality of the consequences of the in 1 cident became apparent in the health of the servants. The "haunted" chamber was de serted, and the three of them congregated in one room, with lighted candle, in mo mentary expectation of anything but sleep. Two of them gave notice to leave, and the third refrained only because, as she said, upon hearing the ghostly sounds she buried her head in the bedclothes that she might not see anything. Passing by the intermediate stages of the development of the hallucination and one or two preliminary skirmishes in the way of inquiry, the departure of a third servant and the serious discomfort o'f those who re mained obliged me to take a serious view of the matter and get at the bottom of the case. The first part of the inquiry con sisted in getting the facts, and with this object the servants were accommodated in other parts of the house. My son, who by profession know6 the meaning of the word "evidence," and can determine between a fact and a presumption, undertook to sleep in the "haunted" room for a month, the whole of the rest of the floor being unoccu pied. On the lirst night nothing occurred, | but about 1 o'clock in the morning of the | second he was awakened by sounds so strange and yet so definite that there was no possibility of doubting the genuineness j ! of the cause which had excited the women | i servants. He described the sounds as 1 coming from no particular quarter. They | seemed to pervaae the whole room, and I they were of a character that defied defi j nition. They were essentially 9f the ghostly order-wild, mysterious, and incomprehen sible. There was the customary blow, the ; fall of a heavy object on the floor, the hur ; ried passage down the corridor, and even j the muffled wail was not wanting to com plete the fearful story of the past. A light and a survey of the entire floor discovered ' nothing unusual; the sounds ceased as mys teriously as they had begun, and the silence that ensued added to the strangeness of. the visitation. " By this incident we had procured our nrst fact-that upon a perfectly calm night sounds of an unusual character were present in the particular room from no apparent cause; and it may be added that they were heard only by the occupant of that room. Seven other people sleeping in other parts of the house heard nothing of the noises that awakened the investigator. Remembering that the mind is incapable of localising sound, it became necessary to localise the possible cause of the sound. The sounds, we decided, could not have come from the room below, because there two agitated servants were enjoying their first night's rest for weeks; the back of the room was an unoccupied attic, the east side was an outer wall, the west side was the stair landing, and the south looked out over the lawn and the river. The region above was unexplored, and incapable of exploration, because access to it was attainable only by a long journey over ancient, rafters. The local carpenter was called in, and a trap door .was made through the ceiling of the stair landing outside the door of the room. The investigator explored the region, and discovered four bats nests, and an opening under the eaves of the tiled roof. The bats were removed, and the hole was closed. There have been no more "ghostly" sounds; I and this is no longer a haunted house. I Now comes the most interesting part of the investigation. In what way could bats give rise to these unearthly, mysterious sounds; and what was the cause of the ap parition? The graceful sweep of the bat through the air in the twilight we know from every-day experience; but imagine the scramble a bat must make to cross the rafters and plaster above a ceiling. A flutter and a fall, a bumping sound, a rush as of garments rustling in a corridor, a scratch ing on the side of the rafter in the effort to rise, and the chirruping of the young, eager for the return of the mother; sounds that in the passage through the plaster. ceiling would be so unusual as to excite the im agination of the superstitious to a condition equal to the imagining of any conceivable horror. The bedclothes incident I put down to "collective hallucination," but the appari tion needs a word. The idea of the little white-haired woman was current as gossip; and any shadow would naturally assume (rtrm f A q iritis) l«r 4-1* on J on tuai* k" a uiiuu uuoctucu uj IUC DUUUCU advent of strange sounds in the still hours of the morning. I found a looking- glass hanging on the side of the dormer window, through which the apparition was said to^ disappear. Lying on the bed the lgastf waving of the trees reflected in ^be^lass could be seen in the form of vjimfe shadows passing to and fro. If .suddenly awakened from sleep by strange Unaccountable sounds, and if, with.the suggestion of the super natural constantly in the mind, I had seen undefined shadows passing over that glSuas I should be very careful m. saying what I saw or di&'Ti'ot see. I' cannot believe that eveji-fcfa'e most sane of the Psychical Research Society could bto "trusted to give a perfectly accurate account of what occurred around him in such-circumstances. Given the incomprehensible sounds and the sudden awakening, it is difficult to conceive what monstrous growth of circumstance WQuld .jwt rfgutt. ^ 