RELIGIOUS SERVICES. ST ANDREW'S PRESBYTARIAN.—The Rev. Mr. Walker pr eached in this church last evening taking as his text St. John, chapter 14, verse 12, “Verily, verily, I s ay unto you ho that bolicvelh on Mo tlio works that I do shall bo also , do, and greater works than those shall bo do, bcoaueo I go unto My Father.” In the beginning of the chapter, tho preacher pointed out, God told His disciples that Ho was going to prepare n place for them, and that Ho would come again and receive tucm, and in the end of tho chapter, Ho premised thorn that tho comforter,- the Holy Ghost, should dwell -In thuir hearts, and that His peace would be with them. In the text they wore told that they would bo able to da the woiks Ho had done. It was comforting to all of us to know that wo could do some of His woik whilst in this world. It was notice* ablo that tho Lord referred to His miracles under the term of “works,” excepting on one occasion when Ho spako of them os ‘Sign* and wonders/’ and on another occasion os “mighty works.” On other occasions ll.* re ferred to thorn simply as “ works, ".thus eng gosting that they wore only of a piece of His ordinaly work. Jnet as one of Ihun when they went forth of a morning, spoko of what IhOy hod to do ms work, so Christ when- Ho healed tho sink and raided tho dead toferred to it timply u» work. Ho was tho Lord ol life tho Lord of health, and that was only part of His work. Then wo were told in tho text that this work, and evon greater works;-wo would bo nblo to do. Somo would oxClaim that tho ago. of miracles wai patt. Still, Chritit’s. promise was very simple and very plain, that His disciples were to do tho same work. It might bo urged (hut tho promt-o applied to tho apostles and not to ordinary Christians. This was a mistake Christ s words wore “Ho that heliovolb on Me, the works that I do shall ho also do." Tho history of the- church in this nineteenth century showed that Christ's pro mises had been literally fulfilled during tho centuries that ha* passed. Take for in Blanco the miraolo where' tho Lord multiplied the loaves and fishes. Was not Christianity feeding tho nations during tho last 19 con*- turioi?J As an illustration re ferred-to Australia when it was peopled only by ahorigioios, and contrasted it with Aus tralia inhabited by Christian people. Passing i on to Cbiist’s miracles in healing tho sick ho asked it modiool soionca was not now doing the same. Further, was it not a fact that medical science took its first impuKo from tho cross of Christ? Would vu-ib universal tenderness bo shown f,.r suffering' for instance in hospitals and in tho work of Christian men had not Christ given Himsolf up for sin? Someone would say thoro was nothing in our present experience to pond with Christ’s miraolo in restoring life to tho dead. Did it make much difference whether iho work was done bv- means of cure or prevention, and was it not a foot that Christianity prevented premature death in thousands and tons of thousands? Ho ex plained that they would be ablo to do greater works than Christ had done Himsolf, because ■Ho was aiding thorn. Peter with his sermon convert and thousands whore Christ with His teachings only converted hundreds. Lot Iboao who worked for God in tho home, in tho oburob, or in tho school remember whom tho -eorelgof success lay; it was not in them selves, Tho one condition of doing Christ’s work, and oven greater work, .was faith in Him, Tho promise was mo/o to thoao who fulfilled this one condition. There wa* no exclusiveness about it; no limits wore set, none wore shut out from tho possibility of having Ibo promise como true in their own experience. Conoueoationat. Cnxjßon, Forest street. —Tho Rev. A. B. Rofo conducted an evan gelistic service ‘ last evening, basing In* remarks on Micah, chapter 7, Verso 16, “Ho will subdue our iniquities.” Ho spoke on-lbo universality of tho oxpt- rionoo of sin : how it wdi not limited to nations which believed in Christianity, hut that heathendom had its method* of - tolf sacrifice .whioSi wore not ded to. propitiate . Utoir doilies'and moro, if possible, tho »ons*oorf r port-on;* 1 con-h-miia* kon. This nspiial-on after ponce could h tt-kon os tho general .human to-titnony to possibility-of attaining p t r»ftnil C'mmnnion with G-. and. Bnt the mors) ruin of mankind pointed to an inverted order, wh to the soul was kept under the dominion of Iho h-.dv instead of witting enthroned aa the mark of Iho off- clions dircoir’d them at will. Thtro was no universal struggle against the power of dark ness, to which Paul boro such thrilling testi mony—“ Revelation ihod its light upon th« road by which mfln might travel towaids the obedience of Ibo father's will and happl-c'S. ” Tho r*stor:-tion of the norms! condition of mankind could only ho effected by t> o sublimity of ' eclf-t-acrifioc, combined with infinite merit whiolt humanity to escape the punishment through tho moans provided - Jes.uß- Cbrisi, who infuses human life ond the human body with how digni‘y, and by His own 'Xample the possibility of" that obedience which Only can bring happiness, Thus In LM* life and death there flashes into men’s he title tho message by Ntoodcmus - ■“That God so loved tho world ihi»t Uo gave Qis only begotten Son," etc. The text antici pated this assurance, and gave promise of the I personal aid of God in tho subjugation of 1 man’s inferior self until, in tho words of Paul, wo arc ablo to say,. “F'.r ms to live is Christ" 