a romance of prison-breaking. The mott marvellous of many evaps from UiQbauk Prison was Panch Howard's, wbo had also broken out of Newgate and Hersemenger lane Gaol. Iu those days the prisoners used regular steel knives, which were given for meal times and then immediately removed. Howard at dinner-time, converted bis knifo iuto a rough saw by hammering tbe edgo of the blade on the corner of bis iron bedstead, and with thiB sawed through one rivet, leaviag the window 44 in statu quo." The whole thing was effected within the dinner-hour ; saw made, bar cut, and knife returned. Then Howard set to work. , His cell was situated at- the top of tke infirmary, being lighted by a window where extreme length was about three feet, and ito width six inches and ahalf. The window itself revolved on the central bar, which wis riveted ioto the stone at each end. Hoisting himself again to the window by hanging hit blanket on a ham mock book in tbe wall just beneath, he removed the window bodily— ono-rivet haviug been sawn through the other soon gave way. The way of egress, suoh as it was, was bow open— a narrow slit, three feetby six inches aud a half. Howard was a stoutly built man, with a by m meane small head yet he managed to get his head through tbe opening. Having nc- oompliehed this, no doubt after tremendous pressure aoi mach psin te himself, he turned soa» tolieonfcis back, snd worked his shoul ders and arms cut. He bad-previously put tho window with its central iron bar half ia and half out of theorifice, meaning to use it as a platform to stand on, the weight of his body pressing down one end, whilst the ethor caught against the roof of tbe opening, and so gave him firm foothold, He had also torn up his blanket and sheets, into strips and -tied them together, so as to form a long rope, one end of whioh was fastened to-his legs. He was now holf-wav oat of tbe wiudow. lvhur in a horizental position, with his arms free, his body nipped about the centre by the narrow opening, his legs still inside his cell. It was nat difficult for him now to draw out tho rest of his body, aud as teuu as-ho had length enough ho threw himself up and<eaagkt.tbc<copiag>etoQe of tho roof above. All this took place en the top storey, 'atra height of some 35- feet from the ground. He was new outside the wall and standing on the outer end of the window bar. To draw out tbe wholclcngtbs of blanket and shectiug rope, throw them ou the roof, nad clamber after, were bis next exploits. His next job was to descend into the garden below, which encircles the whole of tho buildings, and is itself surrounded by alow boundury wail. This garden was patrolied-by six sentries. He ccold see them. He took tbe esceat by degrees, loweriug himself from the roof to the third floor window, from third floor to second, from second to first, and from first to the grooud itself. The back of the nearest patrol was just then turned, and Howard was unobserved. Next moment he was standing iu bis wbito shirt, but otherwise naked, in among the tombstones of the pcoitoniary graver&rd.; Concluding that he w&sa; ghost, tho sentry, ss bo afterwards admitted turned tail and -run, and Howard was soon over the wall. Within minute he was in his mother's houso in Pye- st rcet, close by, got food aud clothing and was off to the country. And the otory of his cap ture roads like a romanee. But he.was-cap- turedwithiu 48 hours. 