GREAT BRITAIN, QUEEN ELIZABETH. APPARITION AT WINDSOH. A very remarkable story is published in the *' Daily Mail" of Tuesday (says the " Dublin* Freeman " bf 20th Febfuary),' to the effect that Lieut. A. St. JJeger Glyn,' 3rd' Battalion Grenadier pn&rds;, has seen Queen Elizabeth's g-liost in ®e library at Windsor Castle, "'he" following statement was made by the Lieutenant's'ihother, the Hon. Mrs. Carr Glyn, to the '' MMr 1 investigator : 4-" It is perfectly true that my son has witnessed '-.i.— something ..^..^rt^Vi.Tiaknkinnar abnormal. " TTA He was, tie tells me,' sitting'in'the library of Windsor Castle' reading' a boOk, (The History of 'Dorsetshire, to be sxact. ' As he read, lie became aware >f 'someone ' passing-' in the inner library. He looked up and' saw a , em ale figure in black, VithWhite lacej •n the heid;'fallingoil to'ttie shoulders. J 'he figure passed across the library : towards a corner Whith was out -of rie-v^ hri illy 'son sat, ilfid lie did nbt j ake mticti ' notice, thinking it 'wasj iOliifelMjfly^'reading in^ thfe-lEteer rbofil rliis r was jUSt%I»On four iif- thfe SftSi^f L ", " ^ '<s>n, and flpm- aftferwrard fahli'fe up to'eiosettife place. ;T M^r8dif Wked Wll6' v thfe ! lady 'was 'wlio i wan < %t library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had jnst before walked across the inner room. ' Then where <>ul d she he?' asked the attendant, lining ascertained that nobody was in the inner room. ' She must have gone out of a door in tlie corner,' said my son. indicating a corner to which the figure had passed. ' But there is no door.' said the attendant. My son said nothing about this incident, and did not think much about it, I understand, until Mr. Holmes, the librarian, asked Iinacu him 111,11 about jiinrill it. it. the UIC attendant (ILLCUUnuL hav- 11U.T" jnff mentioned the matter to Mr. Aske<l by Mr. Holmes to describe the figure he had seen, my san did Sf> nU(l Ml. Holmes replied that son Reen tl)e apl>nriti 0n of Queen Elizabeth. Mr. Holmes added that there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieut. Glyn was the first man in our time who had seen it. The Dean of Windsor also asked my son about it, and several members of the Royal family have interviewed him on' the subject. As for Mr. Holmes, I am given to understand that he has spent nights and days in the library in the hope of being vouchsafed a visitation." The Hon. Sydney Carr Glyn, the famous Crimean veteran, and father of Lieutenant Glyn, said :—" If my son says he has seen anything, you may take it from us that" he lias seen it. He is a fresh, honest English boy, and he Wouldn't exaggerate anything a hair's breadth." Both' the Hon. and Mrs. Carr Glyn gave permissiori for the publication of this statement by their son, subject to the sanction of Lieutenant Glyn. On Sunday night a telegram Was despatched to Lieutenant Glyn, soliciting leave to give the story on his authority, and yesterday morning came the answer—" Certainly, if day you like.— Glyn, Grenadiers. Islay." The representative of the " Daily Mail" next saw Mr. R. R. Holmes F.S.A.. the librarian of the Castle, and writes :—Mr. Holmes conducted me to the scene of the alleged apparition. He gays this gallery has had the re pu'tation of being haunted by the ghost of Queen Elizabeth from time out of memory. His recollection of the story dates from twenty-seven years ago, and j ^ has been m. the habrt of spendmg Hallowe'en in the gallery for several vears in the hope of encountering her deceased Majesty. He had heard some rumour to the effect that the Em press Frederick had, when a child, seen an apparition in the gallery, and on her visiting Windsor next week hopes to secure some corroboration or denial of the rumour. 