Lockyer Agricultural and Industrial Society. EIGHTH ANNUAL EXHIBIBION. VISIT OF LORD LAMINGTON. QUALITY THE FEATURE OF THE SHOW. A LARGE ATTENDANCE. GATE MONJIY £63 ODD. (Bt Ous SPECaL Bar?o?EB.) Orucras :-President, W. B. Armstrong, M.L.A.; Vice-e'residents, S. C. Cooper and Thomas WVilson; HOe. Treasurers, SM. O'Keefe, L aidley, and John Skinner, Gatton; Corramittee, J. Logan, jun., Thomas Orott y, C. Gunne, Andrew Philp, jun., C. B. V tiggina, J. Marsh, D. Bald win, B. Jam' es, Joseph L"owe, P. Dwyer, J. Campbell,, an., P. Costello, R. J. Blake, P. H. M'Grath, Alexander MI'Al lister, H. D aniel, W. 6. Brimblecombe, and N. H. Cl ristiansen; -Secretary, John Fielding. The eighth armual show -held under the neaspioes of the :Lockyer Agricultural and In dustrial Soelety was opened at noon on Thers. day last by his l]xcelleney the Governor, Lord JILamington. Frn m an attendanceand financial point of view the, exhibition wae a great success. Patrons came from Brisbane, Ipswich, Too. woomba, and fIrom all the roadside railway ,stations between Toowoomba and Ipswich. The takings a't the gate totalled £63 10s., and it is estimated that there must have been folly 2000 people on the ground in the afternoon. The show itself is referred to below. There was the usual number of side attractions, and the "spieler" element was well represented. Mr. J. Campbell, of the Britannia Hotel, ran the publican's booth, and did a good business; whilst Mr. G. Graham and Mr. G. Boyd con * duolel "soft-tack" stalls. OOVERNOB'S ABW.AL, His Excellency arrived in Laidley by special train about noon, and was received and for mally welcomed by Mr. W. D. Armstrong, M.L.A., president of the society. The Gover nor was accompanied by the Dowager Lady * Lamington and Captain Pyne, and amongst the others on the train were Misses Armstrong and Stephenson; the Hon. A. J. Thynne, Minister \- for Agriculture; and Messrs. W. H. Groom, J. V. Chataway. F. Lord, Lewis Thomas, W. Thorn, A. J. Callan, G. Storey, A. J. Stephen. son, R. M. Collins, J. Leahy, J. Hoolan, and E. King, MM.L.A. Messrs.S. Grimes and D. T. Keogh, MM.L.A., it may be mentioned, arrived on the ground earlier in the day. * The party were conducted to vehicles in waiting, and, with a contingent of the Gatton Mounted Infantry, under Lieutenant Elliott, as an escort, proceeded to the show grounds. His Excellency, the Hon. A. J. 'Thynne, and Captain Pyne were aecommodated with seats in a buggy driven by Mr. W. D. Armstrong; while the Dowager Lady Laming ton, -Miss Armstrong, and Miss Stephenson tenanted another vehicle, and followed im .mediately behind. On reaching the show grounds, the party were cheered again and again by the large crowd of people who had by this time assembled. The vice-regal party .drew up on the eastern side of the show build. ing and in front of a large contingent of the school-children of the district, who, under the -oonductorehip of Mr. E. Holdaway, heartily sang a verse of the National Anthem. The :singiog concluded, His ExceUjENCv addressed the children thus: " Children of the Laidley District,-I thank you -very much for coming here to-day. I trust ithat you fully realise the full meaning of the "verse that you have just sung, and that, as you grrow up, you will become loyal subjects of the .British Empire. I am glad to see you here to day. On inquiry, I learn that it will be .convenient for you all to have a holiday to. snorrow, and I therefore grint it to you. It means, too, that you will not be going back to s@bool for a fortnightlater, and I trust thatyou ,ilj' make good use of your holiday." the children then gave three -very hearty bears for the Governor. T3s OrPEso. The Governor having been conducted to the building, he took upa position at the main en trance, after which Mr. W. D. AamSTceos said that, on behalf of the society, he had very much pleasure indeed in asking Lord Laming -to to open the show. They were pleased that the Governor's visit was so near a time when there would be great rejoicings throughout the Empire in connection with the record reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. i(Applause.) He was sure that they all ex itended a most hearty welcome to his Excel. lenoy, and that they hoped he would spend a very enjoyable day. (Applause.) Lord LsamOTox, wro was received with the graetest enthusiasm, spoke thus :-" I must first of all thank you, Mr. Armstrong, for the kind word of welcome with which you have greeted me. I assure you that it is a great pleasure to me to be able to fulil the promise which I gave you some time ago. I was afraid that at this somewhat busy time to which you have alluded I might be unable to attend, but I am glad that eircumstances have per mitted of my coming, as it gives me great pleasure to become more intimately acquainted with a district which I have often looked at when passing through in the train, I now have the greatest satisfaction in declaring the show open for inspection by the public. ILoud applause.) At the instance of Mr. AcMsBohT a, hearty hobers were given for the Governor and for the Dowager Lady Lamington. A verse of the National Anthem was then sung, Miss Jessic d'Intosh, of Woodend, Ipswich, playing the c?ompaniment on a Haplsburg piano which oessrs. Bele land Co. had on exhibition. Tee Snow. The adverse season made its impress upon he ashow. StUll, there were particular sections hich were a very great improvement on ormer years,and, If only to show the advanco nent made in those particular departments, a society were perfectly justified in holding dae exposition. But there was still farther nstification in that people flocked in from all uerters, ant seldom, if indeed ever, before was there such a grand show of people on the oliety'sground. Thiswas ertainlygrmtifying, as it was pmroof that the public appreciated the florts of the committee, and it resulted in agmeatiag the funds of the society. TnE BUososEN. Although not nearly so well filledas in previ us years, the building had a very attractive appeaance, made more se perhaps by the airings of minature fings which were stretched etoss the room in alld?rections; and the ex ibits were such as to oommend themselves to inspection. Trophies, seoveral of whidh were competitive, took up the greater part of the tracture. Amongst hemmight be mentioned the really excellent eolleclion ef saddlery from ?essrs. J. and C.FleishmanniolNichslas-street Ipswich. The lot comprised heavy and light buggy and dray harness, saddles, &c.;, all of the very bstf6anish, sea the firm deservedly appro ,riated 'several fiest prizes. Mr. P. Neilsen's assortment of harness and saddlery was also very credittble, an. was well spoken of; as was also his exhibit of tinware, which had been preparedl by Mr. William M'Millan. The collection at tinware and fairy utensils by Mesrse. . W. Hargreaves and Co., of Brisbane-street, Ipswich, was a very interest ng exhibit, monre especially to dairymen. It included sobltantial cream-cans, strainers, milk buckets, &ec.; Oppoesite one of the entrante doors stood airopby of cheese from the Model )airy Company's factory etLaidley, of which Mr. J. H. Sherman-is manager. The base was omposed of dheeses each 831b. in weight, with 8lb. cheeses built upon them in pyramidal fashion. The quality of the cheese was un deniably good-averdict which was pronounced by many competent to expresss an opinion. Mr. T. Whitworth's assortment of splendid- looking cordials was-most artistically arranged; whilst Messrs. W.'Clexton and Co.'s trophy of baoon, hams, &e.;,-did that firm infinite credit. Mr. H. Neumann, cabinet-maker, of Patrick-street, Laidley, was to the fore with a handsome cedar wardrobe with mirror panel doors; a gentle man's cedar writing- desk, and a washing-stand with a marble top and tiled back. Mr. Joice, of Nicholas-street, Ipswich, had four of his arlsarahe sewing-machines on view, which were oIjects of close scrutiny throughout the day. Messrs. Bealt and Co., of East-street, pswiah, showed three of their new patent sewing-machines, with samples of work dose by them, and a magnificent Hapsburg piano. Amongst other exhibits well worthy of inspec tion were photographs-plain and coloured .y Mr. ohn Btorr; freehand drawings iy Master Beginald Allen-Waters; model of modern sailing ship by Mr. T. Whitworth; model of ancient sailing vessel by Master Ernie Wyman; collection of native woods, nicely polished, and a tasteful design for a new exa hibition building, by Mr. W. Thatcher; flowers and floral designs by Mr. C. Matthews, of Bris bane,-and Mr. A. Butehart, ot Ipswich; rare pot plants by Messrs. J. W. Brown, of "The Springs, Laidley, and Mr. J. Storr, of Laidley; and well developed luscious oranges from the welltknown orchards oef Messrs. A. Philp, jun. and sen., of Ma Ma Greek, Gatton. Pastry and bread were present in abundance, and much of it was really firet-class. Vegetables were confined almost exclusively to a show of green peas, tobacco, marrows, beetroot, and table pumpkins. The-farmer.cured bacon on view was very good, whilst ;the butter was a vast improvement on what used to be exhibited in years gone by. T'rue, the colour was rather light, bat this as due in a large measure to the dryness of the feed which cattle are now obliged to consome But, unquestionably, the preparation and paclk ing of the butter exhibits were almost all thaI sold be desired. BHeaveFans PnODUCor. Heasy lines of farm produoa were very earce, but,,lmost without-exception, the ex hibits in this section were really first-class. The chaff was well cut, free from dust, and was in a thoroughly marketable condition.' With one exception, too, the exhibits of hay i were well up to show standard. The stuff had been thoroughly cured, and admirably packed. The cereals and maize on view were fine samples, elthough the potatoes gave evidence of the drought through which the district is passing. In the produce-shed were two interesting exhibits, the like of which has never previously been seen at a Laidley show. We refer to two samples of ensilage--one from Mr. J. W. Brown, otl "The Springs," and the other from Mr. John Fielding. The erst. mentioned was a very fair specimen, more es pecially considering that it came from a stack silo, but it had the drawback of not having been suficisetly weighted when in the stack. Nevertheless, it was a fair sample of ensilage todder, and was closely examined by scores of I farmers throughout the day. PoCuTear. The show of poultry was by far the best ever seen at a Loekyer exhibition, from the stand point of bothgquentity and quality. So numer ous were the exhibits that the usual accommo dation was altogether inadequate, and coops had to be construcnted in order to find room for all the feathered bipeds. On the whole, too, the ·birds were of very good breeding, and the judge, in several instances, experienced some diloiculty in making his awards. Amongst the best of the fowls were Indian game, Plymouth rocks, Wyandettes (in which class Mr. R. H. S. M'Dowall, oflpswich, took all the first prizes with exceptionally good birds), Leghorns, and Englishgame. Mr.I.Ham, of Ipswich, secured first prizes for dark Brahma cock and for dark Brahma hen. Mr. T. H. Archibald, of Booval, was a very successful exhibitor in the game class, appropriating several first prizes. Daogs were few in number, and, with few ea ceptions,little can be said in theirlavour. The greyhounds were altogether too heavy in build, and call for no special mention. JRnosCmraL. In this section the entries were fewer than ever before; and, had it not been for the dis play of implements made by Messrs. Cribb and Foote, -the space allotted for agricultural machinery would have been almost entirely vacant. Messrs. H. Head and J. Francis each had a couple of old-fashioned, strongly-built ploughs .aon view. In this section Messrs. Johnson and Broughton, of Limestone and Nicholas -treets, Ipswich, who are consistent exhibitors at the Lockyer expositions, showed a couple of vehicles, for which they received first prizes. One was a square turn-out-seat buggy of the ordinary style, made to the order of a gentleman in Gatton, and the other a rustic dogcart. Both were serviceable vehicles, and were very tastefully finished in every detail. CAEL-E. Possibly the feature of the show was the cattle section. The dairy cattle were really first-class, and it is evident that, in the Lock yer-centre at least, the old cross-bred stock are giving place to tar more profitable beasts, and the district, it should be mentioned, is msaking orresponding prcgress in the dairying industry. Amongst the beat of the dairy snock was a splendid Ayrshire bull (recently obtained from Victoria by the Tenthill Dairying Company for stud purposes); ant Mr. John Cook's Taurus, an Ayrshire and a magnificent animal, which -gain secured the blue ribbon. Some excellent Jerseys and Shorthoras were also shown, the prize-winners having been mentioned in last issue. Nooses. Blood tpok were by no means well repre sented, buh be prize- winners porticularised below were vsn favourably spoken of by the judges. They re, however, quite a large number of entries .the backney sections. Tn-rs . Throughout Thursdadefternoon there was a large crowd of spectator behind the fence aciroling the paradle ring, a.- they manifested bthe keenest interest in the e npetitions that ". were going on. Two squads entered for the pbhysical drill competition-one from the North Lnidler BSchool under Mr. E. Holda way, head teach,-r, as instructor, and the other freom the Blenheim eSchool, who were put thrwagh the movements by their head tesche5 Mr. H. Brown. Drill.Iostructor Hoars, of Ipswich, adjudicated on this eom petition. The first-named squad appropriated first prize, they acquitting themselves remark ably well. The vice-regal party took the greatest interest in the drill, the Dowager Lady Lamington in particular appearing to derive much pleasure in watching the boys go through the several ecolutions. As is ever the case, the jumping contests aroused consider able interest. For the maiden jump there were about half aedozen competitors, and Mr. W. Campbell's Kildare appropriated first prize, Mr. E. Lowe's Newhaven coming second. For the Hunter's Jump, of lift. Gin, or over, 12st. up, the following horses competed:-E. Lowe's Newhaven, T. O'Brien's Audax, W. O'Brien's Neptune, T. G. Watson's Sultan, W. Camp bell's Kildare, M. Mullen's horse, J. Dempsey's Ledger, and J. M'Gil's Barney. Some very clever fencing was witnessed. Finally, Sultan was adorned with the blue, and Kildare with the red, ribbon. Newhaven jumped very well, and should make a name for himself in future. Tic LmNcH?oN. About 1 o'clock, the distinguished visitors, together with the offcials and judges, sat down to an excellent luncheon laid out, under an improevised awning, by Mr. John Campbell, of the Britannia Hotel, Laidley. Mr. W. D. Armstrong, ML.A., presided, and had on his right his Excellency the Governor, Miss Arm strong, Mr. A. J. Callan, M.L.A., Miss Stephenson, and Captain Pyne; and on his left the Dowager Lady Lamington and the Hon. A. I. Thynne, M.L.C., Minister for Agriculture. The OnaCmua apologised for the absence of the acting-Premier, the Hon. H. Tozer, who, up to the previous evening, had intended bding present, but he was prevented from doing so thnogh illness in his family; and the Chairman said he was sure that they would all sympathise with him in his trouble. Mr. Gl?sey had also wished him to convey his regret at not being able to attend; and he had just received a telegram from Mr. T. B. Cribb, regretting his inability to be present. The usual loyal toast having been en thusiastically honoured, The Cuarsnor remarked that it devolved upon him, as president of the society, to propose a toast which he knew would bedrunk with the greatest.pleasure. (Hear, hear.) It was that of the health of his Excellency the 'Governor of Queensland. (Applause.) When his Excellency was good enough to con sent to come amongst them, he (Mr. Arm strong) assured him that the residents of the district would do all in their power to enable him to spend an enjoyable day. He hoped that the Governor would enjoy himself. The welcome accorded Lord Lamington that day was not alone on account of the man himsell, but because they recognised that he was the symbol of the tie which bound them to that great and most glorious country which the world had ever known. (Applause.) Un fortunately, the Governor had not been able to be amongst them before, but he trusted that in the future he would frequently visit the dis trict, when he would always receive a hearty welcome. (Applause.) The toast was loyally honoured, and cheers were given for the Governor and for the Lady Dowager. Lord LswrmoTos's rising was the signal for warm applause, and, when quietness reigned, he observed, in referring to the remarks of Mr. Armstrong, that he knew of no reason why there should be a certainty that he would be well received. However, it was indeed a pleasure to him to become as fully acquainted as possible with the -many dairying districts of Queensland. And in discharging the various responsibilities con nected with his of5ce, he could only hope, if even in a very small degree, to follow the example which had been set him by his pre decessors, and, more particularly by that lady to whom reference had been made, and who occupied a throne which was the symbol of the unity of our great Empire. (Applause.) As being more immediately connected with them there that day, he called to mind how much Her Majesty the Queen and the Prince of Wales had both done in she way of stimulating agricultural progress by being constant ex -hibitors of stock in the various important shows in Great Britain. Be, in a minor degree, would be most happy if, by attending such agricultural meetings as the present one, he could do anything by which the agricultural interests of Queensland could be advanced. (Applause.) He imagiued that what was pro minent in the minds of those who were engaged in farming in that district at present was the lack of those beneficial rains which ought to have fallen before now. He hoped, however (although is was aselfish wish), that rain would be postponed for the next few days, and then he trusted that they would have, not what was generally called Queen's weather, but such rains which, even at this late season, would do something to remedy that disastrous state of things which now existed. (Applause.) But, by way of consolation, he might say that farm ing interests, whether in Queensland, Austral asia, Europe, or elsewhere, were generally sub jected at times to climatic sufterings. How ever, he supposed that, as cverything here was on such a much vaster scale than in the old country, one was apt to dwell more fully on ·the extent of the distress which occurred through climatic disasters than would be done in Great Britain, where things were on a much smaller scale. Still the individual farmer suffered as much in the one country ps-in the other from climatic disasters. .He admitted that that was poor consolation; but farmers were bound always to have a grievance, as agriculture was such a pursuit that those en gaged therein could never reckon upon what was going to befall them. He had to thank them for the manner in which they had honoured the toast, and to assure them that it gave him the greatest pleasure to be present. (Applause.) Mr. S. C. CooPERn, in the course of a humor ous speech, submitted the toast of " The Min istry and Parliament of Queenasland," coupled with the names of the Hon. A. J. Thynne, and Messrs. Chataway, Groom, and Boolan. The Hon. A. J. TnrNE, who was very warmly received, said that he had to acknow ledge the very cordial manner in which the toast had been proposed. It had been briefly and wittily eubmitted, and, on behalf of his colleagues, he had to thank them for the com pliment which had been paid to the Minsistry. He was pleased to hear his Excellency express the kindly feeling which he had towards agri culture in the colony, and he thought that the views which he (the Governor) had expressed would receive endorsement from every thinking man in the colony. (Applause.) It was the first occasion since he had accepted the port folio of Minister for Agriculture that he had had an opportunity to address them at a Laidley show. They would pardon him, there fore, if he spoke upon what he conceived to be the objects and aims of the department under his charge. Time after time he had besought the most earnest aid of the agriculturists of the colony in the efforts of the department. Some of the agricultural institutions had been initiated--one close to that locality and he hoped that the advantages to be acquired therefrom would be fully availed of by the young people in that part of the country. (Hear, hear.) He trusted also that the older people of the district would derive some in formation and assistance from the working of that institution in so far as the experiments were concerned. That morning e hoad come across a report which was prepared quite recently in Europe in which there was such an exellesnt definition of the objects of a de partment of agriculture that he could not do better than state shortly what they were. The report referred to stated that the estabilsh ment of a department of agriculture in any country meant "an appeal for the help of all, a grouping and marshalling of the strength, and the energies and wills of all towards a determined and definite end-the raising up of agriculture." (Applause.) The duty of the Minister was defined in the same report as an "obligation to study the needs of agriculture ; surround himself with the necessary assistance for the purpose; and cause the extent of the problems of agriculture to be thoroughly understood and disseminated; to seek for the practical solutions of the difficulties in con nection with it; to point them out to the Government, and to endeavour to persuade Parliament to give effect to them." (Applause.) Those were pregnant ideas, which he could not have expressed in his crude way. He took that definition of the duties of the Department of Agriculture and of the Minister in charge, and accepted it as one which should guide the Department of Agriculture in this colony (Hear, hear.)-and whatever Minister might be from time to time in charge of it. (Applause.) To raise agriculture to that level which was desired, several things were essential. One was organisation. He wished to see local farmers' associations all combining their efforts with sister associations, and finally grouping the whole into one organisation, through which the needs of the agriculturists in the colony might gain expression in an authoritative way; and ii they were shown fairly and clearly, the farmers need not fear but that both Parliament and the people would sustain and encourage them to carry out what they proposed. So much depended upon such organisation; but not organisation for political purposes, as that he looked upon as entirely outside the question, and he would appeal to farmers not to let such organisations be used for political purposes. (Applause.) But he would urge them to organise, as by co-operation there were such fields for operation as the great majority of farmers were quite ignorant of. Mr. Chataway represented a district where or ganisation was more advanced than in any place in Queensland. Personally, he would endeavour to encourage such organisation ashe had spoken of; and as one means to this end he proposed, after a month or two, to issue the official journal, which was to make its first appearance next month, free to recog nised farmers' associations only. The secre taries of such associations would receive copies in proportion to the number of financial mem bers on their list. And now that the work of the department was growing so rapidly it would be impossible for the staff to undertake the consideration of individual farmers. When a specialist's services were desired, it would be required that the requisition should come from the representative of such a society as he alluded to. Then the expert would be in a position to meet all of the farmers in the dis trict which he visited, and make the most of his time. The department hoped also to develop agricultural education in other ways. He was sorry that there were no entries for the special prise offered by the department, but he pre sumed that this was due to the adverse season and the scarcity of grass feed. But if they wished to reach that standing to which they should attain as a dairying country, they must not allow themselves to be affected too much by the changeable seasons. Coming along from the railway station, he expressed to a gentleman his regret at seeing a field of maize stalks going to ruin. If those stalks had been dealt with in the way in which Professor Shelton had been teaching for so many years, and in the way that the Professor was giving a practical lesson in at the college, the owner would have had food with which to keep his dairy cattle in splendid condition throughout the winter, and thus get a good return from his stock. He trusted thatt farmers would visit the college, and avail themselves of such practical information as was to beo gained. The organi sations which he had spoken of were described in the same report from which he had quoted. "The object," it was stated, "is to awaken a spirit of initiative and independence, and to stimulate the rural population; to stimulate and aid voluntary associations and institutions; and to sustain amongst the rural population a spirit of self-government." (Applause.) He did not know that he could add one word more asto, the scope of the department than was contained in the report referred to. He had again to thank them for the hearty manner in which they had honoured the toast. Mr. W. H. GooM., who was Well received, referred to the importance which was now be ing attached to agriculture and to the recogni tion which the industry was receiving from high quarsers-a course which he had advocated years ago. He hinted that Parliament would have to be assured by the Bon. the Minister for Agriculture, before supplies were passed, that the department had the right officers in the right place. (Hear, hear.) He asserted that the premier position was held by the German agricultural colleges, which was due to the superiority of their officers, who were skilled in every branch of agriculture, scientific and otherwise. He alluded to the richness of the soil in parts of the Western districts, where, he said, the roots of the native grass penetrated in the virgin soil to a depth of 7ft. and Aft., and he observed that it was quite possible that climatic changes might take place which would render those lands fit for close agricultural settlement. He believed that what would be the back-bone of the colony in future would be a community of grazing farmers settled in the interior; and he urged, at some length, that those who settled on the land should be given increased areas, so that they might be in a position to combine agriculture with dairying. He endorsed what Mr. Thynne had said respecting the need of organisation amongst farmers. The present Parliament was doing its share towards building up the future of the colony. , Afr. Hoo.os also responded briefly, and re marked that he believed the Lockyer was the premier agricultural district in Queensland, and that it could maintain that position. MIr. CHATAwar likewise responded, and con gratulated the seciety upon the large attend ance. t h His EXCELLEN.cY submitted "' Success to the Society," and graciously acknowledged the hospitality of the committee, and of the ser vices rendered by the Mounted Infantry, who had formed such an efficient escort. He ex pressed a hope that the society would gather strength in future years, and that the com mittee would always be able to maintain a healthy competition amongst the farmers of the district, and be the means of affording opportunity for social intercourse between those who dwelt at considerable distances apart. He could assure them that it gave his mother, Lady Lamington, great pleasure to be present that day. Hie would couple the toast with the name of Mr. Armstrong. Mr. ABusraoso, who was warmly applauded on rising, stated, in responding, that the society represented the work of men who, in times of hardship and distress, had co-operated in order to show. their produce and to learn what was possible from one another. Thai the society had reached its present position was due to the energy of a few men who bad the interest of the district at heart. He could assure his Excellency that they would be pleased to see him in the district at any time either in his official or private capacity. (Applause.) They were all pleased that they had been favoured with the presence of the Dowager Lady Lam ington, and they trusted that she would enjoy herself. He might mention that it wasa rather strange coincidence that the present year was the jubilee year of agricultural education in England. Next year hehoped that they would be able to speak of the effect of the work to be carried on at the Gatton college. ie wans glad that his Excellency was pleased with the ex hibits, but before he left he would see a con course of people, which he might aptly describe as the proudest exhibit that Qucenslsnd could show-(applause)-a crowd of people who had brought the district to its present prosperous state. (Applause.) Mr. M. O'KEisrFE submitted "The Judges and Visitors," coupled with the name of Mr. S. Grimes. Mr. S. GmIEs was wellreceived. He briefly responded, and expressed regret that the implements at the college were not on view as an object lesson, adding that some of those on exhibition were very primitive. An adjournment was then made to the grounds. PBZE.LsrT. The following is the remainder of the prize list: PnrzE-iIsT. BySCION I.--HORREBrs. (Judges: Messrs. E. Harding and A. Moaat. Stewards: Messrs. P. MGOrath and H. Daniel.) Draught: Heavy stallion-J. T. Frawley's Prince Edward, 1; Thomas Murriby, 2; special subscription prize by Laidley farmers for bheavy draught entire-J. T. Frawley's Prince Ed. ward, 1; T. Murrihy, 2; active farm sire-T. Murrihy, 1i; James Heenan, 2; brood mare with foal at foot--J. Ewart; Queensland-bred entire--J. T. Frawley, 1; T. Murriby, 2; Queensland.bred mare for farming purposes B. Laws, 1; J. Ewart, 2,; foal--J. Ewart. Blood: Blood stallion-S. Welsh's Lord Headington, 1; W. ii. Pitt's Reminder, 2; blood mnare--W. J. Waters's Lady Imogene; gelding or filly-W. J. Waters's Lady Imogene; gelding or filly, two years and under-W. J. Waters; filly bred in Lockyer district-Lyle MAlister. Backney Stallions: Stallion adapted to pro duce weight-carrying hacks-John Burgess's Lord Langer. Hacks: Gentleman's back, to carry.not less than 12st.-T. G. Watson's BSultan, 1; J. Car mody's Beaver, 2; gentleman's hack, to carry not less than 10st.-H, Pohlmann'e Mystery 1 ; R. Hall's Kingfish, 2; W. Kent's Playboy, highly commended; lady's hack, to be ridden by a lady--R. Hall's Kingfish (Miss M'Hugh), 1; 3\. Robinson's Tottie, 2; Joseph Rowe's Meteor, highly commended; pair of hacks to be ridden by lady and gentleman--T. G. Watson's Bar ney (G. Watson) and Sultan (Miss Peacock), 1; R. Hall's Kingfish and Barrister, 2; walking hackney--H. Daniel's Bluey, 1; W. Kent's The Ghost, 2; sundowner-the most dilapi dated ssndowner, man, horse, and appoint ments, including saddle, bridle, swag, and other accoutrements-A. S. Smith, R. Rolfe, and Tom Burt were the three who put in an ap pearance. Hunters ad Pony Jumpers: Maiden jumpers -W. Campbell's Kildare (W. Watkins), 1; E. Lowe's Newhaven (Joseph Lowe), 2; hbounters to jump 3ft. 6in. or over-T. G. Watson's Sultan (owner), 1; W. Campbell's Kildare (W. Watkins), 2; pony jumpers-W. Bradfield's Maud, 1; T. Flannigan's Mayflower, 2. Trotters: Buggy horse-W. Welsh, 1; J. Lester, 2. Buggy pair--H. Mortimer, Znlu and Zaneo, 1; T. Wilson, Bergeant and Nimrod, 2. Ponies: Entirepony, under 14hands-James Heenan's Nero. Mare or gelding, under 14 hsands-T. Flanigan's Mayflower, 1; J. Car mody's Whitewings, 2. Entire, under 12 hands--J. Heenan'e Nero, 1; H. Daniel'Ps Honest Tom, 2. Mare or gelding, under 12 hands-T. Burgess's Stella, 1; S. Cooper's Fancyfree, 2. Miscellaneous: Pair German waggen horses -C. F. Steinke's Polly and Lady, 1; C. Kowaltzke, 2. Draught horse-T. Burgess's Rose, 1; A. S. Smith's Punch, 2. Best loaded team-U . Laws, 1; G. Baulch, 2. 