CHAPTER VI. A HORNING RIDE. FLECKvA FELTON did not wake until noon. As soon as she opened her eyes ?lie was conscious of a strange unwonted sense of weight upon her mind. Quickly recalling the events of the night previous she sank back on the pillow with a* heavy sigh. Then as she lay silently thinking, she suddonly remembered that the day of the month was the actual date of her mother's death. During the past weeks of feverish gaiety, and even amid the thoughts of that suggestive sunrise a few short hours before, the connection of date had not once occurred to her. Now that it did, her heart was filled with a great remorse. 'Only to think,' she mused, 'that I not only actually arranged our ball for that night, but was positively daucing away the hours that marked the anni versary of dear mother'6 death.' With a stifled cry of ' Oh, mother! mother!' she buried her face in the pillow and sobbed heart-brokenly. After a while she roused herself, rose, took an extra long bath, and dressed. But even the bracing tonic of the bath would not remove her depressed fetling. Scarcely touching her breakfast she went out into the grounds. The ex uberant greetings of her three favorite dogs failed to win mora than a half vacant pat and a ' Down Laddie 1 Down Vic ! Down Tftff!' uttered in a dull, hopeless tone. The dogs did not understand this strange new mood of their mistress. Again and again they turned their faith ful eyes up to her face, but receiving no notice they became Btrangely sobered, and with drooping ears and tails they slunk away ' to heel.' Sauntering about the grounds seemed only to inciease the fair girl's depression, so she decided to have a good gallop. Entering the house she ordered her horse while she went away to don her habit. Ten minutes later she wa6 mounted and riding down the wide avenue towards the moor road. She was attended by a now groom, a middle-aged man who hnd only been in the Felton service a week, and who had attended her only once before. For nearly an hour Fleckya rode hard across the wide moors. Then, ns the way suddenly merged into a broad road leading to a steep hill, she drew rein, and walked her horse in a transverse direction. The groom was almost abreast of her. She found herself studying his face and becoming interested in the man. Calling him to her side, she said, ' Do you know this part of the country at all, Mason? Were you ever in the neigh borhood before you came to us V ' Yes, MisB, once,' ha replied, ' for the greatest event of my life occurred about four miles from here.' Fleckya looked at him inquiringly. His face was full of gladness. 'You mean your marriage ?' she said, jumping at a conclusion ; ' I understood you were a widower.' 'Yes, Miss, I am a widower, audit was of my marriage that I was thinking when I spoke, but not my first marriage, but my second which I regard as the greatest event of luy life!.' Willi a look of surprise upon her face, FlecUyn turned to him, pulled her horse short up, and said, ' Your second mar riagp, Mason ! 1 had no idea that you I Imd been married twicc. Is your second wife dend also V j The look that filled the eyes, and tlie light that shone out of the f/ice of 1 the groom, seemed actually to transform the homely looking features, making the face look really noble. 'My second marriage,' he said, ' was a spiritual one, Miss, by which I mean my conversion to God.' If Fleckya, Felton's face had expressed surprise before, we must describe its ex pression now as one of sheer bewilder ment. It was not that she was actually ignorant of what the word 'conversion meint, but that this testimony of the groom's should come as it did on top of her own experience of the previous night, for a moment startled her. Recovering herself, she said in kindly tones, 1 Go on, Mason. Tell me all about it, I want to know about these things.' They were walking their horses slowly, conversation was easy, and the groom began. 'In ray childhood's days, Miss, I was carefully brought up. My mother taught me the Bible, and prayed with me night and morning. One thing even as a little boy she sought to make me understand, that was, that, careful and correct as flay life might be compared with that of others not so well cared for as myself, yet my heart, my nature was as naturally sinful as other people's, and thftt therefore I needed to be converted, to be born again, to have my heart made new, as much as the vilest of people. ' But as I grew up I became eatau up with the pride of self-righteousness, and I told myself that such a doctrine was old-fashioned and had nothing to do with me. " I'm all right," I would say to my mother, " and you will see that wheu I go out into life that I shall know how to keep myself straight, and be religious and all that." ' My mother used to sigh, MiBS, and I am sure she used to cry about me when she was alone. Well, the time came, Miss, that I started right away from home on my own account. I got a good place in a gentleman's stables, and for a couple of years I kept pretty steady. At the end of two years I left this gentle man and went into some racing stables about two miles away. There I very soon proved that I was made of the same stuff as other men, and that H11 my fancied righteousness was like every thing else that is human-worthless.' Fleckya's face showed how interested she was in this story of her groom's past. And while she listened she wondered at his correct speech and his concise way of speaking. She did not interrupt him, BO he went on, ' I need not tell you, Miss, all the evil into which I went. I gambled, I drank, I swore. My poor young wife had a hard time of it. I lost situation after situation, then at last, stricken down with delirium tremens, i was brought very near to death. My wife nursed me as tenderly as if I Ifftd been the best husband living, and at last I recovered. Some friendB interested themselves on my behalf and got me another situation. Here I altered my outward life, but my soul was still unsaved. Three years went by happily enough, then my wife went home to spend a long holiday with her friends. The village i» four miles from that hill that we left behind just now, Miss, and my good wife was delighted at the prospect of a good long visit to her old home, her only regret beingthat I could not go with her. 'She had been gone a month, when 1 received a telegram saying, " Oome at once, Margaret very, ill."'; The groom paused a moment, gulped down a great throat sob, gazed across the moor, furtively brushing two great tears from his eyes. Fleckya was on the point of saying, ' If it hurts you, don't tell me any more, Maspn,' when be recovered himself and continued. 11 went, Miss, at oncc, but I was too late. She died twenty minutes before I arrived. I pass over the awful grief which seemed to crush my heart entirely. The funeral was arranged for Sunday afternoon, and in the evening there was to be a special serviee in the little village chapel. ' All the family were present at that service, and the chapel (it only held a hundred and fifty) was packed, for everyone had known and loved my poor wife. It was a wondrous service was that. The hymns and the address (there were two addresses from two local' preachers) of the first part were all about the confidence of those who die in Christ. In the middle of that first ad dress the old man who was speaking said, "Let our faith rise to behold our dear departed sister, and as though in actual conversation with her let us sing | that old verse " Happy fioul, tby days Bra eniled, All thy mounting days below : Go, by angel guards attended, To the sight ot Jetus go 1" 'All the while they were singing this verse I was thinking " where she has gone I cannot follow, for my heart is I unrenewed." I did not hear the re- J mainder of the address, for roy mind I was so absorbed with the thought of my own unsaved condition. But when the i second speaker rose to give out his hymn , I was aroused. " Stop, poor sinner, stop and think," he cried. Then pausing he lookod down and uround upon the packed people and said, " I pray God i the Holy Ghost may make this hymn a word of power to the unsaved. Let us j prayerfully, thoughtfully consider every word as wo read and sing it. " Stop, poor sinner, slop and think, Before you furllii'r go C-in you 6port upon t lie brink 01 everlnstiug woo ? Hell beneath is gapini; wide. Vcngenure waits the dread command Soon to atop your pport and pridn, And sink you with llm damned." ' I shuddered, Miss, as the next awful verse was sung. The chapels and churches don't use this and other hymns like it in these days, hut I believe there I is room for them, Miss- People need to 1 know and to realise that we dare not I trifle witli God and with our opportuni ties.' Fleckya shivered with the same sou), dread that had come to her upon the bote) balcony at Cowe&, and again at sunrise of that very morning. Mason did not notice her agitation. ' Then caine the latt verse, Miss,' be continued, ' and I strained my eyes and ears towards the preacher as he read out in a kind, cheery voice " But as yet (licre is a hope, You may Hia mercy know; TJwugb His arm is lifted up, He still forbears the blow, Twae for einnera Joeua died, ?Siuocre he iavitea to came; None who come shall be denied He Bays, "There still ia room."" ' At the end of each verse they bad sung the choruB. " Once again I charge you stop ; For unlets you warning take. Ere you are aware you'll drop Into the burning lake." ' At the close of the first Terse they sang that chorus twice over, the first time very loud, the second time very soft. 11 sat like a man stunned. At firat my only thought was of the warning in the chorus; then slowly I found ray heart turning towards the cruoified Christ, and the words of the invitation of that last verse filled all my soul. It was as though I heard a living voice repeating 41 Twai for sinners Jeaus died, « Sinners He iavitea to coma ? None who come shall be deuied He says, . There still is room.'" 1 As that second address went on there was a mighty struggle within my breast. Tbe Holy Spiritstrove nigbtily with me, and at last prevailed. I yielded myself to God- there and then. I believed His word, I trusted His grace. and I knew that I was saved ' ' But how 1' burst out Feckya. ' How did you know, Mason?' 'Because God cannot lie,' replied the simple, faithful-hearted groom. 'He says, "Receive Jesus and you shall become a son of God." " Believe, trukt in the crucified, lifted-up One, and" you shall have everlasting life." I did my part; I believed and received, and God did his part. I have therefore never had a shadow of a doubt siuoe as to my soul's salvation.' Fleckya sighed. The groom heard the sigh, looked into her face, saw its Badness, and said, quietly, respectfully, 'Forgive my question, Miss, but are you saved, are your sins forgiven f Fleckya's eyes were fixed upon her horse's mane. She slowly lifted her head, turned her face towards thegroom, so that hn saw the tears glittering in her eyes behind her vaij, and replied in low, passionate tones, ' No, good fellow; but r would give all I possess, I would be willing to pick stones like those women' \--she pointed with her whip to some poor women at work stone-gathering in a field close by-'or any other menial thing, if only 1 had the heart>knowiedge which you have, Mason.' * Hb does not ask you to do anything. He asks you only to believe His word and trust His grace, Miss,' replied the groom. They reached the avenue at this moment. Fleckya sighed' again, but gave no reply. Just before they reached the house the groom quoted the old, old words, 'None but Jesus can do helpless sinners good/ Fleokya glanced at htm as he epdlre. He seemed to say it more to himself tlifcn to her. She slowly repeated, the woras over, to herself, and when he &8 Bisted her to -alight she uttered them softly aloud so that be could just fcwr them, ' None but Jesus can do helpless sinners gortd.' 7 ; 'True, Miss,' be answered. 'Seek Jesus, and you will find be is seeking you.' ? . He took the two bridles and led away the horses, while Fleckya walked thoughtfully up the broad steps of the mansion. ' Once in her own room she set her lips firmly together, and, looking upward, nniimured, ' Mother, cost what it will, I will never rest until I know myself a saved, regenerated girl 1' (To be Continued.) 