Book Notes. Among the most welcome of the periodi cals of the seasou is Phil. May's Winter Annual, the 1896 number of which is of the unique nature and standard of its predecessors. The literary contents, em bracing a dozen brief storks nnd an article on :i Special Correspondents and Notable Events.' are very acceptable and interesting reading matter. Gilbert. Parker contributes ' I was a Stranger.'' one of the tales of Canadian French life, for the sympathetic telling of which he appears to have a particular gift. Oi' the funny things. 'Master PilHnport's Lark,' by J. C. Hig ginbothain, being the narration of school boy pranks with n. phonograph, is very good reading. Of course, Phil. May is muchly in evidence, and his numerous sketches with their rare masterliness of com prehension of character in remarkably few touches of the pencil are delightful to scan, in which scanning one does not tire. The volume may be obtained at Hocking and Co's news agency. Nat Gould has given us another sporting novel, of the kind wherein he shows himself so strikingly in his element. Almost every body ha3 at some time or other read some thing by this writer, who, though he cannot claim literal1}' excellence, lias nevertheless a fine faculty for plot and for stirring incidents in liberal yet cohesive abundance. ' 'Who Did It ,'' has its scenes laid in New South Wales, and without any superabund ance of words deals with clearly denned good and bad characters in a flood of occurrences of a thoroughly melodramatic nature. The plot hinges on the mysterious death of Henry Bryce, of Sydney, a squatter, who, it is finally proved, met his end by a heavy fall on to a wharf and over into Sydney Harbour in a struggle with Eli Spence, who figures in the book as a decidedly bad man, and as a reckless evil doer in shearing troubles at the station of Edward Bryce. Henry Bryce's son. Spence confesses, and gets his deserts in the approved manner of such wicked ones. The hypocritical arch- villian is Herbert Golding, Bryce's partner, who establishes The Amalgamated Law and Investment Banking and Financial Company, a big affair, ending in a proportionate ruinous crash, who saw Henry Bryce fall into the harbor, but would not for particular reasons of his own give help, and who tries to marry the rich widow. He suicides when run flown. There is a race — the Sydney Cup — in the work, and how ' Ghost,' Edward Bryce's horse, wins is told very effectively, as is also a ride in the bush after ' The Phantom,' sire of the Ghost, a remarkably fleet-footed wild stallion. The wicked ones meet their timely discomfiture, and the reader has the satis faction of knowing of the happy union of Edward Bryce with Flora Hanworth. sister of Wyndham Hanworth, artist, and of the aforesaid artist to Ida, Bryce's sister, all of then most deserving young people. Hocking and Co. Limited have this work for sale at their news agency. ' The Wizard,' by H. Rider Haggard, is a work ' dedicated to the memory of the child Nada-Burnham, ' who bound all to her,' and, while her father cut his way through the hordes of the Ingobo Regiment, perished of the hardships of war at Buluwayo on May 19, 1896.' The first chapter relates a con versation of a missionary who has endured severe hardships amongst the heathen in South Africa, known as the Sons of Fire, and who notwithstanding manifold struggles to edu cate his children on a small stipend, wishes still to carry on the work, and a Rev Thomas Owen, who is the rector in a quiet English village with a living of £2000 a year, in a powerful word picture the reader is led on to where the Rev Owen has decided, owing to a vision, to relinquish his parish and change offices with the poorly paid missionary. Despite che entreaties of a young lady who has fallen desperately in love with the Rev Owen, he departs for hh new field of labor. When fair upon the journey his faith commences to waiver. Suddenly another vision appears to him, which gives him fresh courage, and he eventually reaches his destination, accompanied by a disciple named ' John,' an erstwhile heathen, who became converted to the Faith through the beseechings of Owen. Several missionaries had fallen victims to the savagery or the natives, owing to being unable to perform miracles, such as raising the dead, after the teachings of the Great Master. The Rev Owen is received favorably by King Umsuka and his warriors, but is in formed that if he cannot fulfil all that he preaches he will be condemned, like many of his predecessois, to the ' Tree of Doom.' Then follow two or three highly exciting and interesting chapters depicting the intrigue for overthrowing the king by his sons and the superstition and wizardy which are practised by the Amasukas, or the Sons of Fire. The plot afterwards thickens, and the day upon which the king is to be poisoned arrives, and the Rev. Owen is an eye-witness of the deadly potation being administered to the king. When in the last throes of death the Rev. Owen is commanded by thousands of heathens stand ing round to manifest his great spiritual power by restoring to life the king, for the performance of which he is allowed but a few minutes. It so happens, however, that this very occurrence was conveyed to Owen in his visions, and the very tree from which the poison was secured, and the antidote growing upon the same tree were revealed to him. On his journev to the interior he secures a small bottle of the antidote, and when threatened that if he failed iii the endeavor to restore the king to health, his (Owen's) life is doomed. Owen suc ceeds in his undertaking, and from thereafter is looked upon as a 'Chief of Wizards,'' and a wise prophet. As a result of his success he makes many converts, in cludingthe King, but is beset with numerous difficulties ; and he, moreover, discovers, not withstanding his earnest labors, 'that the hearts of men are not changed ip an hour or their ancient customs easily overcome.' Owen's, to the savage, 'supernatural power '' raises the ire of TTokosa, one of the great men of the tribe, and the wizard of all wizards, and impelled by his wife— Noma -who, through the downfall of Hokosa, has become but a mem ber of the ordinary tribe, challenges Owen to accompany him to the Plain of Fire during a heavy lightning storm, for which the terri toiy is noted. Owen accepts the challenge, proceeding to the spot in his robes and carrying his crucifix. Owen conies out of the ordeal unscathed, whilst Hokosa looses the majority of his followers, and the meteor stone with a human shape which for generations the People of Fire had worshipped, ami to which Hokosa was praying throughout the trial, lay upon the plain in fused and shattered fragments. Hokosa, becoming incensed at Owen's vic tory, plots and counter plots with the object of taking his ;: rival's ' life, in which lie suc ceeds by treachery, inasmuch as by passing to Owen poisoned fruit, presumably in a friendly and converted way. Just prior to the death of Owen, however, Hokosa, jield ing to the qualms of conscience, admits his guilt, nnd being forgiven he becomes one of the leaders of the Christian faith, and at the termination of a war for the occupancy of the Throne between the Christians and the savages, he is captured by the wiles of his former wife, whom he divorced. Hokosa is then dragged to the Tree of Doom, and tied to a cross by his captives where upon all may gaze. He remains stead fast to the end, and with almost his last breath he urges the Christians on in the warfare against the heathen followers of his brother Hafela. Noma is eventually taken, but escapes, and climbs the cross to which Hokosa is pinioned, and as the last resource of a revengeful and disgraced woman, she stabs Hokosa to the heart. In the war the Christians, although smaller in number by several thousands than the heathens, come out victorious, and the Christian faith is adopted, thus proving the ' faith triumphant over savagery and death.' The work is undoubtedly of a character which should commend itself to all Christians who take an interest in missionary work. The book is for sale at Hocking & Co's. 