WIT AMD HUMOUR. Maud: "What do you consider man's greatest fault?" Edith: "His scarcity." She: "Oh, Jack, here's a pearl in this ovster." He (excitedly): "Ethel, may- may I have it set in an engagement ring? Mixed Metaphors. — She: "When you married me you said you were well off." , He: "I was, but I didn't know it." "Until ten years ago Oi had been in one hoonderd foights, and was never , licked wance." "An' after that?" "After that'Oi married." "'How dare you, sir!" she exclaimed, after the deed was done. "You must not mind me," he replied. "I am a chronic oseulatory kleptomaniac. I am placed betwen two issues. And I don't know which Z. like. If I go down to the sea she re < I shall have to pawn my bike. Funeral Director (to gentleman enter ing the do- ar): "Are you one of the mourners, sir?" Gentleman: "Yes. He owed me five hundred pounds." He: "You mustn't believe everything you hear about me." She: "Of course not. I never hear anything about you , but what you tell me yourself." | He shyly pressed her little hand, | And said, "I love thee, dear, alone:" ' She smiled and said, "I understand — ! I'll soon esc;1 pe my chaperon." j "And, do you know-, my husband never even thinks of so much as going S\»r a scuttle of coal without first kissing me!" Old Mrs Horn-beak : "In about two years, my deai'. you may consider yourself lucky if he g-ets the coal." A BACKSET. "I hear that Flunkey has had a re- lapse." "Yes, the doctor sent in his bill just a trifle too soon." HOPE FOR HIM. Noodad ; They say the boy looks just like me. Windsor: I wouldn't worry about that. They say that the worse a baby looks, the handsomer it will be when grown. The Fit.— Customer ; You guaranteed a fit, didn't you? Tailor : I did. Cus tomer : Well, the only fit about these clothes was the one my w-ife had when she saw 'em. Only Eleven. — After a christening at a church the other day, while the minister was making out the certificate, he hap pened to say, "Let me see, this is the thirtieth." "Thirtieth!" exclaimed the indignant mother. "Ineed, it is only the eleventh." The minister was allud ing to the day of the month. None to be Had.--A bishop of a nor thern diocese wrote to a publisher in New York for a book called "New and Contrite Hearts." In a short time he received a postal from, tbe publisher, saying : "We have no 'New7 and Con trite Hearts,' neither are there any to be found in New York." The northern prelate, it is said, enjoyed sending the postal to the Bishop of New York, call ing his attention, to the state of his dio cese. A farmer was in the habit of selling his butter to an old woman who kept the village shop, and who supplied him with candles. He thought, however, that for several weeks his candles had been short in weight, and he told the old wo man of it. "Mebbe they are, lad— mebbe they're not," the shopkeeper re plied. "Anyhow, I alius use a pound of your butter as a weight when I puts 'em up." The farmer at once concluded that the weight was satisfactory. A New York artist received a circular from a dried fruit firm, inviting him to join in a competition for a poster. Only one prize was to be given, and the un successful drawings were to become the property of the firm. He replied as follows: — "Gentlemen,— I am offering a prize of 50 cents for the best specimens of dried fruit, and should be glad to have you take part in the competition. Twelve dozen boxes of each kind of fruit should be sent for examination, and all fruit that is not adjudged worthy of the prize will remain the property of the under signed. It is also required that the ex press charges on the fruit so forwarded be paid by the sender." This letter ended the correspondence. At a gathering in New Haven, Dr. Watson — Ian Maclaren — told a story about his trip to the Holy Land, to which he had been looking forward for a num ber of years with pleasurable anticipa tion. As he was nearing the centre of historic Palestine, he met an American, who was making all haste to get a way. After such greetings as two English- speaking men meeting in a foreign coun try might exchance, the American asked Dr. Watson where he was going. " To Jerusalem," was the reply. "Jerusa lem ?" exclaimed the American, in tonea of unfeigned disgust. "You don't want to go there ! I've just come away. It's a slow town. Why, there isn't a single daily newspaper In the whole place!" A SMART REPLY. "Spell ferment, and give its definition," requested the teacher. "F-e-r-m-e-n-t, to work," responded a diminutive maiden. "Now place it in a. sentence, so that I may be sure you understand the meaning," said the teacher. "In the summer I would rather play out of doors, than ferment in the school- house," returned the small scholar, with such doleful frankness and unconscious humor that the teacher found it hard to suppress a smile. VERY DIGNIFIED. He was wrapped in dignity and an enormous ulster, and sat up in the train with the majesty of a line-of-battle ship under full canvas. He had just started to relate a conversation he had with the Prince of Wales when the ticket- inspector, opening the door, cried : "All tickets, please." "Sorry, sir; we shan't stop there," observed the inspector, closely scrutinising the ticket of the mighty or.e. "Stop where?" inquired the seeming millionaire. "Mr Smith's, the pawnbroker's," answered- the inspector, handing back the ticket that the Prince's friend had given him. AT THE THEATRE, They told the same old stories, They sang the same old airs, They sat in ancient costumes On very modern chairs. While paper snow was falling They cooked green ears of corn, I And 'twasn't fifteen seconds Between the 'night and morn. The same old villain, plotted, The same old lover sighed, I The same relentless parent His eager suit denied. They wrote in twenty seconds A letter, or a will; They waved in air their glasses, Yet drank them brimming still. The thunder lacked an echo. The rnoon was pale and weak, And when the ghost was rising, The crank set forth a squeak. Ah! yes, the same old people. With nothing new to tell; And yet, I must confess it. J Too. soon the curtain feih 