SUNDAY SERVICES. . 'primitive methodist church. The Rev F. C. Vian preached his farewell sermon in the Primitive Methodist Church on Sunday evening last, the text being selected from II. Cor. 13th chapter and the 14th vorse. "The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God. and the communion of the Hnls Gost be with you all." The preacher said that farewells and benedictions to a large extent make up our lives. The world moves, wo pass on, and all around partakes of the spirit of migration. _ Itinerancy was largely a part of the apostolio system, and in this matter, at least, the preachers of the Methodist church might claim to be in the "succession." He could think of no more appropriate text to speak from than that contained in this benedic tion. It is a legacy. Read carefully and divulge the contents. "The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you," i.e., HiB favor, better than life, and without which life is not worth living. In all things wo should have this knowledge, that our works please Him. The grace referred to also involves the SavioHr's disposition— the mind that waB in Christ, "full of meekness, grace and truth." Patience, under the mo4 grievous provocation must bo, in Christians, a conspicuous virtue, aye, even when their best wishes and most ardent prayers appear to go for nothing. Many are feeling aggrioved at the temporary.- failure of Methodist Union, "but the great and glorious end will, be accomplished earlier than otherwise, .if wo in patience possess our souls. The "grace" of Christ imparts a stimulus, and gives to its possessor restraining energy. " I can do ,all things through Christ which strengtherioth mo.' The love of God is further invoked in. this benediction. ' Here we havo the immeasurable, ' the incomprehensible, and something revealing, itself in expiation and in self-sacrifice.: "God so loved tne world that He gave His only begotten Son." ThiB themo one can revel in, but never adequately, express or thoroughly explore. It is said that a poor idiot — a doubt may wgll be'entertained whether he were so— wrote the following lines— . " Could we with ink the .ocean fill, ' And were the skies of parchment made, . Were every, blade of grass a quill, And every man a scribe by trade, To write the love of God above Would drain the ocean dry ; Nor would the scroll eontain the whole, Though stretched from sky to sky." Christ taught plainly that "greater lovo hath no man than this. That a man lay down his life for hiR friend," and Himself wont one higher by giving forth His life for His enemies "Father, forgive thorn, they know not what they do. God's love in His poople will make things work easily, all jars and discord blend- ""B in i one beautiful and lasting harmony. Grumbliug and complaining people who find their fittest representation in the " beur with a soro head," receive cure for their malady as Uus oomes to them and reveals itself in tliem. lne deathly trait of oyuicism and ceusoriousness <eields to that love, and thero is a life, a joy. and pence. Then he who having felt the touch and sympathy of his Maker, realizes the ideal of the Puritan Wintrier.— " That all the jarring notes of life Seem blending in a psalm, And all the angles of its strife Slow rounding into calm." Paul felt and knew how necessary it is that men may know the Divine love, and upon Un church again and yet again pronounced this blessing, an.l to all within the range of my voice and prayer and wish I say " the love of God he with you." Arid what more? Surely these are priviligus beyond cum pare, and in thomselves sufficient. But Bee to what, dignity God hath brought us, that we should uvenhold communion with Himself. Through the medium of the Holy Spirit, our intercessor, we converse with God. This hearer and sanctilior of our prayers brings Himself and ourselves intimately near, and as Adam walked and talked with God in 'ho cool of the day, as M<>ses on tho top of tempest- riven Sinai spoke with the Etornat, and descond that mount had to veil his face .to hide the glory, or a9 Elijah ploaded with Jehovah, so may we, in our poverty, our sin, and misery, approach unto the." iloiy of Holies," and gain access through the Son, and by the Spirit to the Divine ear. Communion with God through the Holy Ghost is our highest earthly privilege. And even as we in proportion behove and entertain this, we "die unto the world," but are alive unto Christ, and God. Miss Paradox is easily understood. A living man was officially declared dead some time ago. A ser geant on duty was startled by the entrance of a poor follow into his office in a wild excited sthte, saying, "I vos der man dot vos drowned." His story ran to the effect that after a quairel he had absconded from his wife. A body float ing in tho river was declared to lie his and buried in his lot in the cemetery ; all the various offices he held before he went away were filled by others. What must he do ? The sergeant declared he could not help him, he was legally dead, and the only thing remaining was for him to get himself officially declared to bo alive again. The truth has been repeatedly established, that our sins being put away through the redemption of the Lord Jesus Christ we are new men, crested by Him, and for Him changed from the vile image to His more glorious image, and becoming like unto Him, ss we receive His Spirit and perform His will. The benediction, then, is something more than a mere form of words. We are so accustomed to hear " God bless youa" that such expressions lose their force and meaning, but when the trinity of all that is Christ-like and excellent meets with and is commended to the church of the Lord Jesus, and, being thus, is left with them their legacy and inheritance, the least thatit can do is to promote that spirit dwelling in the Master. acknowledge the potency of His love, and maintain communion with the Author of every good and. perfect gift, even God the Father. 