ENCYCLICAL LETTER 0 Our Holy Father by Divine Pro vidence, Pope Leo., XIII., to the Patriarchs, Primates, Archbishops Bishops, and Other Local Ordin- arieb Havino Peace and Communion with the Apostolic See. pentec08t, 1897. ( Authorised Translation.) (Continued.) But if they were also numbered among the children of God, they were IN A STATE LIKE THAT OF SERVANTS, for "as long as the heir is a child he differeth nothing from a servant, but is under tutors and governors." (Gal. iv. 1, 2). Moreover not only was their justice derived from the merits of Christ who was to come, but the communication of the Holy Ghost- after Christ was much more abundant, just as the price surpasses in value the earnest, and the reality exceeds the image. Wherefore St. John declared : "As yet the Spirit was not given, because Jesus was not yet glorified" (John vii. 39). So soon therefore as Christ "ascending on high" entered into possession of the glory of His kingdom which He had won with so much labour, He munificently opened out the treasures of the Holy Ghost: "He gave gifts to men" (Eph. iv. 8). For "that giving or sending forth of the Holy Ghost after Christ's glorification was to be such as had never been before ; not that there had been none before, but it had not been of the same kind" (St. Aug., De Trin. 1. iv. c. 20). Human nature is by necessity the servant of God: "The creature is a servant : we are the servants of God by nature" (St. Cyr., Alex., Thesaur. 1. v., c. 5). On account, however, of original sin, our whole nature had fallen into such guilt and dishonour that we had become enemies to God. "We were by nature the children of wrath" (Eph. ii. 3). There was no power which could raise us and deliver us from this ruin and eternal destruction. But God, the Creator of mankind and infinitely merciful, did this through His only begotten Son, by whose benefit it was brought about that man was restored to that rank and dignity whence he had fallen, and was adorned with still more abundant graces. No one can express the greatness of this work of divine grace in the souls of men. Wherefore, both in Holy Scripture and in the writings of the Fathers, men are styled regenerated, new creatures, partakers of the Divine Nature, children of God, god-like, and similar epithets. Now these great blessings are justly attributed as belonging to the Holy Ghost. He is "the spirit of adoption of sons, whereby we cry : Abba, Father." He fills our hearts with the sweetness of paternal love : " The Spirit himself giveth testimony to our spirit that we are the sons of God" (Rom. viii. 15, 16). This truth accords with that similitude observed by the Angelic Dootor between both operations of the Holy Ghost; for through Him "Christ was conoeived in holiness to be by nature the Son of God," and " others are sanctified te be the sons of God by adoption" (St. Th. 3a, q. xxxii., a. 1). This spiritual generation proceeds from love in a much more noble manner than the natural — namely, from uncreated Love. REGENERATION AND RENOVATION OF MAN are by baptism. In this sacrament, when the unclean spirit has been expelled from the soul, the Holy Ghost enters it and makes it like to Himself. " That which is born of the Spirit is spirit" (John iii, 6). The same Spirit gives Himself more abund antly in Confirmation, strengthening and confirming Christian life ; from which pro ceeded the victory of the martyrs and the triumph of the virgins over temptations and corruptions. We have said that the Holy Ghost gives Himself : " The charity of God is poured out into our hearts by the Holy Ghost who is given to us " (Rom. v. 5). For He not only brings to us His , divine gifts, but is the author of them, and is Himself the supreme Gift, who, proceed ing from the mutual love of the Father and Son, is justly believed to be and is called " Gift of God most high." To show the nature and efficacy of this gift it is well to recall the explanation given by the doctors of the Church of the words of Holy Scripture. They say that God is present and exists in all things, " by His power, in so far as all things are subject to His power ; by His presence, inasmuch as all things are naked and open to His eyes ; by His essence, inasmuch as He is present to all as the cause of their being" (St. Th. la, q. viii., a 3.) But God is in man, not only as in inanimate things, -but because He is more fully known and loved by him, since even by nature, we spontaneously love, desire, and seek after the good. Moreover, God by Grace resides in the just soul as in a temple, in a most intimate and peculiar manner. From this proceeds that union of affection by which the soul adheres most closely to God, more so than the friend is united to his most loving and beloved friend, and enjoys God in all fulness and sweetness. Now this wonderful union, which is properly called "indwelling," differing only in degree or state from that with which God beatifies the saints in heaven, although it is most certainly pro duced by the presence of the whole Blessed Trinity — " We will come to Him and make our abode with Him." (John xiv. 23) — nevertheless is attributed in a peculiar manner to the Holy Ghost. For, whilst TRACES OF DIVINE POWER AND WISDOM APPEAR EVEN IN THE WICKED MAN, charity, which, as' it were, is the special mark of the Holy Ghost, is shared only by the just. In harmony with this, the same Spirit is called holy, for He, the first and supreme Love, moves souls and leads them to sanctity, which ultimately consists in the love of God. Wherefore the Apostle, when calling the just the temple of God, does not expressly mention the Father or the Son, but the Holy Ghost : " Know ye not that your members are the temple of the Holy Ghost, who is in you, whom you have from God?" (I. Cor. vi. 19). The fulness of divine giftB is in many ways a consequence of the indwelling of the Holy Ghost in the souls of the just. For, as St. Thomas teaches, " when the Holy Ghost proceedeth as love, He proceedeth in the character of the first gift ; whence Augustine saith that, through the gift which is the Holy Ghost, many other special gifts are distributed among the members of Christ" (Snmm. Th., la. q. xxxviii., a. 2. St. Aug. de Trin., 1. x.v., c.19). Among these gifts are those secret warnings and invitations, which from time to time are excited in our minds and hearts by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, Without these there is no beginning of a good life, no progress, no arriving at eternal salvation. And since these words and ad monitions are uttered in the soul in an exceedingly secret manner, they are some times aptly compared in Holy Writ to the breathing of a coming breeze, and the Angelic Doctor likens them to the move ments of the heart which are wholly hidden in the living body. "The heart has a certain hidden power, and therefore the Holy Ghost who invariably vivifies and unites the Church, is compared to the heart" (Summ. Th. 3a, q. viii., a. 1., ad 3). More than this, the just man — that is to say, he who lives a life of divine grace, and acts by the fitting virtues as by means of faculties, has need of these seven gifts which are properly attributed to the Holy Ghost. By means of them the soul is furnished and strengthened so as to be able to obey more easily and promptly his voice and impulse. Whei'efore these gifts are of such efficacy that they lead the just man to the highest degree of sanctity; and of such excellence that they continue to exist even in heaven, though in a more perfect way. By means of these gifts the soul is excited and encouraged to seek after and ATTAIN THE EVANGELICAL BEATITUDES, which, like the flowers that come forth in the spring tune, are the signs and harbingers of eternal beatitude. Lastly, there are those blessed fruits, enumerated by the Apostle (Gal. v. 22.), which the .Spirit, even in this mortal life produces and shows forth in the just ; fruits filled with all sweetness and joy, inasmuch as they proceed from the Spirit "who is in the Trinity the sweetness of both Father and Son, filling all creatures with infinite fulness and profusion (St. Aug. De Trin. 1. vi. c. 9.). The Divine Spirit, proceeding from the Father and the Word is the eternal light of sanctity, Himself both Love and Gift, after having manifested Himself through the veils or figures in the Old Testament poured fourth all His fulness upon Christ and upon His mystic Body, the Church ; and called back by His presence and grace men who were going astray in wickedness and corruption, with such salutuary effect that, being no longer of the earth earthy, they relished and desired quite other things, becoming of heaven heavenly. ON DEVOTION TO THE HOLY GHOST. These sublime truths, which so clearly show forth the infinite goodness of the Holy Ghost towards us, certainly demand that we should direct towards Him the highest homage of our love and devotion. Christians may do this most effectually if they will daily strive to know Him, to love Him, and to implore Him more earnestly;- for which reason may this Our exhortation, flowing spontaneously from a paternal heart, reach their ears. Perchance there are still to be found among them, even now-a-days, some who, if asked, as were those of old by St. Paul the Apostle, whether they have received the Holy Ghost, might answer in like manner : "We have not so much as heard whether there be a Holy Ghost " (Acts xix 2). At least there are certainly many who are very deficient in their knowledge of Him. They frequently use his name in their religious practices, but their faith is involved in much darkness. Wherefore all preachers, and those having care of souls, should remember that it is their duty to instruct their people more diligently, about the Holy Ghost, avoiding, however, difficult and Subtle Controversies, and eschewing the dangerous folly of those who rashly endeavour to pry into divine mysteries. What should be chiefly dwelt upon and clearly explained is the multitude and greatness of the benefits which have been bestowed, and are constantly bestowed, upon us by this Divine Giver, so that errors and ignorance concerning matters of such moment may be- entirely dispelled, as unworthy of "the children of light." We urge this, not only because it affects a mystery by which we are directly guided to eternal life, and which must therefore - be firmly celieved ; but also because the more clearly and fully the good is known the more earnestly it is loved. Now, we owe to the Holy Ghost, as we mentioned in the second place, love, because He is God : " Tho u shalt love the Lord thy God with thy whole heart, and with thy whole strength" (Deut. vi. 5). He is also to be loved because He is the sub stantial, eternal, primal Love, and nothing is more lovable than love. And this all the more because He has overwhelmed us with the greatest benefits, which both testify to the benevolence of the Giver and claim the gratitude of the receiver. This love has a twofold and most conspicuous utility. In the first place it will excite us to acquire daily a clearer knowledge about the Holy Ghost; for, as the Angelic Doctor says, " the lover is not content with the super ficial knowledge of the beloved, but striveth to inquire intimately into all that appertains to the beloved, and thus to penetrate into the interior ; as is said of the Holy Ghost, who is the Love of God, that He searcheth even the profound things of God" (I. Cor. 11-10. Summ. Theol. la, 2ae, q. 28, a2). In the second place, it will obtain for us a still more abundant supply of heavenly gifts ; for whilst a narrow heart contracteth the hand of the giver a grateful and mind ful heart causeth it to expand. Yet we must strive that this love should be of such a nature as not to consist merely in dry speculations or external observances, but rather to run forward towards action, and especially to fly from sin, which is in a more special manner offensive to the Holy Spirit. For whatever we are that we are by the divine goodness; and this goodness is specially attributed to the Holy Ghost. The sinner offends this his Benefactor, abusing His gifts; and, taking advantage of His goodness, be comes more hardened in sin day by day. Again, since He is the Spirit of Truth, whosoever faileth by weakness or ignor ance may perhaps have some excuse before Almighty God , but he who resists the truth through malice and turns away from it, sins most grieviously against the Holy Ghost. In our days this sin has become so frequent that those dark times seem to have come which were foretold by St. Paul, in which men, blinded by the just judgment of God, should take falsehood for truth, and should believe in . " the prince of this world," who is a liar and the father thereof, as a teacher of truth : " God shall send them the operation of error, to believe lying (II. Thess. ii. 10). In the last times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to spirits of error and the doctrines of devils" (I. Tim. iv. 1). But since the Holy Ghost, as We have said, dwells in us as in His temple, We must repeat the warning of the Apostle : Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby. you are sealed" (Epip. iv. 30). Nor is it enough to fly from sin ; every Christian ought to shine with the splendour of vir tue so as to be pleasing to so great and so beneficent a guest; and first of all with chastity and -'holiness, for chaste and holy things befit the temple. Hence the words of the Apostle : " Know you not that you are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you ? But if any rnn.n violate the temple of God, him shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy, which you are" (I. Cor. iii. 16, 18) : a terrible, indeed, but a just warning. Lastly, we ought to pray to and invoke the Holy Spirit, for each one of us greatly needs His protection and His help. The more a man is deficient in wisdom, weak in strength, borne down with trouble, prone to sin, so ought he more to fly to Him who is the never-ceasing fount of light, strength, consolation, and holiness. And chiefly that first requisite of man, the for giveness of sins, must be sought for from Him : " It is the special character of the Holy Ghost that He is the Gift of the Father and the Son. Now the remission of sins is given by the Holy Ghost as by the gift of God " (Summ. Th. 3a, q. iii., a. 8. ad 3 m.). Concerning this spirit, the words of the Liturgy are very explicit : " For He is the remission of all sins " (Roman Missal, Tuesday after Pentecost). How He should be invoked is clearly taught by the Church, who addresses Him in humble supplication, calling upon Him by the sweetest of names : " Come, Father of the poor ! Come, Giver of gifts ! Come, Light of our hearts! 0, best of Consolers, sweet Guest of the soul, our refreshment ! " (Hymn, Veni Sancie Spiritus). She earn estly implores Him to wash, heal, water our minds and hearts, and to give to us who trust in him "the merit of virtue, the acquirement of salvation, and joy everlasting." Nor can it be in any way doubted that He will listen to such prayer, since we read the words written by His own inspiration: "The Spirit Himself asketh for us with unspeakable groanings" (Rom. viii. 26). Lastly, we ought con fidently and continually to beg of Him to illuminate us daily more and more with His light and inflame us with His charity ; for, thus inspired with faith and love, we may press onward earnestly towards our eternal rewai'd, since He " is the pledge of our inheritance" (Eph. i. 14). Such, Venerable Brethren, are the teachings and exhortations which we have seen good to utter, in order to stimulate devotion to the Holy Ghost. We have no doubt that chiefly by means of your zeal and earnest ness, they will bear abundant fruit among Christian peoples. We Ourselves shall never in the future fail to labour towards so important an end; and it is even Our intention, in whatever ways may appear suitable, to further cultivate and extend this admi rable work of piety. Mean while, as two years ago, in Our Letter Provida Matris, We recommended to Catholics special prayers at tho Ferst of Pentecost for the reunion of Christendom, so now We desire to make certain further decrees on the same subject. AN ANNUAL NO VENA DECREED. Wherefore, We decree and command that throughout the whole Catholic Church, this year and in every subsequent year, a No vena shall take place before Whit- Sunday, in all parish churches, and also, if the local Ordinaries think fit, in other churches and oratories. To all who take part in this Novena, and duly pray for Our intention, We grant for each day an Indulgence of seven years and seven quarantines ; moreover, a Plenary Indulg ence on any one of the days of the Novena, or on Whit-Sunday itself, or on any day during the Octave, provided they shall have received the sacraments of Penance and the Holy Eucharist, and devoutly prayed for Our intention. We will that those who are legitimately prevented from attending the Novena, or who are in places where the devotions cannot, in the judge ment of the Ordinary, be conveniently carried out in church, shall equally enjoy the same benefits, provided they make the Novena privately, and observe the other conditions. Moreover, We are pleased to grant, in perpetuity, from the Treasury of the Church, that whosoever daily during the Octave of Pentecost up to Trinity Sunday inclusive, offer again, publicly or privately, any prayers, according to their devotion, to the Holy Ghost, and satisfy the above conditions, shall a second time gain each of the same Indulgences. All these Indulgences We also permit to be suffrage of the souls in purgatory. And now Our mind and heart tui'n back to those hopes with which We began, and for the accomplishment of which We earnestly pray, and will continue to pray, to the Holy Ghost. Unite, then, Vener- able Brethren, your prayers with Ours, and at your exhortation let all Christian people add their prayers also, invoking the power ful and ever acceptable intercession of the Blessed Virgin. You know well the inti mate and wonderful relations existing between her and the Holy Ghost, so that she is justly call His spouse. The inter cession of the Blessed Virgin was of so great avail both in the mystery of the Incarnation and in the coming of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles. May she con tinue to strengthen our prayers with her suffrages, that, in the midst of all the stress and trouble of the nations, those divine prodigies may be happily revived by the Holy Ghost, which were foretold in the words of David : " Send forth Thy Spirit and they shall be created, and Thou shalt renew the face of the earth" (Ps. ciii. 30). As a pledge of divine foAour and a testi mony of Our affection, Venerable Brethren, to you, to your clergy and people, We gladly impart in the Lord the Apostolic Benediction. Given at St. Peter's, in Rome, on the 9th day of May, 1897, in the 28th year of Our Pontificate. LEO XIII., POPE. Wattle Plantations. — The golden wattle plantation formed recently at Goose berry Hill is a great success. The Con servator of Forests on a late visit to the place found the young wattle trees growing up very thickly, and expressed himself well pleased with the progress. 