UNDER n eLOUD: THE STORY OF A LQST MEMORY. TU1ILMHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. by HERBERT (soar of ir. olark russell). . Author of "Shot in tho Baok," "Haunted Room in the Foresters Anus/' "Mystery of Dumpton Gap," "An Attempt at Blaoltmail," '' « Conflict in a Railway Tunnel," &o.;, &o.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XV.— (Continued.) It was just about this time that Mrs. Lambert came into the room. . Clara was awake, she said, and felt better and stronger. She had overheard tho servant whisper to her Mrs. . Lambert) that Cecil was in tho liouso, and expressed a wish to seo mm. nor mother tried hard to dissuado her, fearing the ill effects of anything liko tlio least degree of excitement j but the girl insisted with so much eagerness of desire that at last Mrs. Lambert thought it would ho better to humour her. ' I will come up with you,' said Mr. Lambert, rising. ' Do not say anything likely to upset her.' ' Heaven forbid !' murmured Rawdon. The four of them ascended to tho room in which sho lay. The chamber was darkened by curtains, and after the bright sunshine of tlio parlour, it took Cecil some moments to moke out tho palo face of Clara, smiling faintly up at him, from amid the clustering looks of her rich golden hair. _ How ill she looked ; worn and emaciated by suffer ing; the very ghost of the pretty blooming maiden he could recall in tho little Gloucestershire town where he first mot her. She extended hor thin white hand toward him; he advauccd to the bedside with just such another lump rising in his throat as he had felt whilst he watched her lying motionless and apparently dying in Dunhar House, and clasped her fingers with his own. He did not utter a word ; his heart was too full for him to trust himself to speak. ' Cecil,' she exclaimed in a low voice, ' kiss mo. It may he for the last time.' ' Oh, no,' he answered, pressing his quivering lips to her brow. 'You aro better, and will soon he well again.' ' I do not mean that,' sho said. ' You do not love mo any longer.' ' How can you say so ?' 'You love that other girl, Miss Marston, now. She saved your life. I novcr saved your life. All the time I have been ill, whilst my head lias boon burning and my brain filled with all sorts of horrible shapes and figures ' — sho shuddered at the recollection — 'I kept fancying that you were stand ing by my side, asking to bo freed from your promise to marry mo ; and onoe I had a dream, and saw both you and Miss Marston standing together under tho stars ; and I thought that presently yon turned aud pointed towards inc, saying to the girl, " That is tho woman who prevents me from making you my wife." ' ' Clara, you must not oxeito yourself,' expostulated her mother. ' I am not in the least excited,' replied tho girl, calmly. ' One would imagiuo that .sho had overheard what wo wero talking about when you came down,' whispered Mr. Lambert to his wife, staggered by tho Televaney of her words to tho topic of his conversation with the young man. ' Kiss me again, Cecil,' said she, more ; faintly still than before. "When he i brought his face closo to hers she ; clasped him round the neck, and held . him in her embrace for at least five : minutes ; on releasing him her sunken ' blue eyes were gliBtoning with tears, ' and her dainty little mouth quivering with emotion. ! ' Goodbye, darling,' site whispered, 1 'you are free. God bless yau !' ; And then she buried her face in the ' pillow, whilst Mr. Lambert, passing his | arm through that of Cecil Rtiw.'lon. led him out of the room. CHAPTER XVI, Conclusion. Now that we have entered upon tho last act of all in this little romauce of real life, it is high time to introduce tbe reader to those brighter and more cheer ful scenes which wero promised in the beginning ef the foregoing chapter as a ' finale.' It was a brilliant morning early iu December — the Australasian midsummer — exactly a month from the date upon whioh Clara Lambert had released Cecil ltawdou from his promise to marry hor. Tho hells of the little Durlinghurst okurch had been ringing forth as merry a peal as their limited chimes could con trive, uud the peoplo dwelling around wanted to knew the reason of this festive clangour. Then the news went that there was about to happen a double wedding. This intelligouco was of a nature to oxcito colonial curiosity. Who woro tho happy couples ? And pre sently, after diligent inquiry, it was discovered that Miss Marian Marston was going to ho married to Mr. Cecil Rawdon, and that Miss Clara Lambert was about to ho married to Mr. Waltor Brymer. Tlio first item of news tho roader will no doubt have been prepared for ; tho second may possibly take him very much by surpriso. But tho affair fell out in this way. Tho 'wealthy Sydney mor- chant — who was ono of that class of gentlomen who get tho reputation of being old at fifty, and are always namod with the prefix of that qualifying udjoc- tive by their friends, for no other reason apparently than becauso they happened to have remained bachelors — sineo his roturn to Australia from England had been considering deeply and often ; und the tenor of those deep and frequout reflections were whether aftor all married life did not offer a greut many moro attractions to a man who had attijinod the age of half a century than tho disr. oonsolnto independence of eolibaoy ? Ho began to conceive that a period had now arrived whon he ought to settle down, which with gentlemen who have turned fifty seoms to bo a synonymous expres sion for taking a new lease of life. This consideration had been a vague, half- formed idea when he ombarked on hoard the Stratkuaira to return to Sydney ; it grew into a conviction beforo the ship hnd been many weeks at sen ; and he hnd secretly pitched upon Miis Murslou in his own mind as a girl whoso character he would quietly study for awhile with a view to making advances to her, when the unlooked for advent of Rawdon, and the young lady's immediate engross ment in the memoryless stranger obliged him to abandon his project. Thcro were Beveral other girls on board to whom he might have paid his addresses with but little chance of failure in tho face of such an additional recommenda tion as tho possession of a fortune amounting to half a million sterling would add to a by no means ill-looking person, and a joviality of manner which won him tho reputation of being tho jolliest 'old' man in the ship, hut they none of them came up to the standard of his choice. "Whilst in tho height of this matrimonial frame of mind ho chanced to light upon Clara Lambert lying insensible in tho little Darlinghurst lane, as has been already described, and he was sensibly affected by her beauty. Aftor helping Mr. Hartree. to carry her in to Dunbar House, ho learnt from that' gentleman the par ticulars of her romantic story. A con siderable interest was awakened within him for tho unhappy girl ; he became acquainted with Mr. Lam bert and used to call at FitzWilliani Lodge repeatedly during tho while sho lay ill to inquire how she did. The clergyman and his wife were grateful to this total stranger for his attentions, and when Clara was in a state of con valescence, Mrs. Lambert introduced Mr. Brymer to her as tho gontlcman who had discovered hor lying iu the spot where her horse had thrown her. This was some few days after she had released Cecil from his engagement. Tho girl took a liking to the genial Sydney merchant tho first time she met him, he was so sympathetic and good- hnmoured, and amused her by his conversation. Next day ho called again to bring her somo ' magnificent grapes. On the following aftornoon lie arrived with a basket of the delicious Australian passion fruit. Mr. Lambert, with shrewd saga city, speedily perceived tho drift of his regular visits, aud knowing tho character and reputation which Mr. Brymor hold, not only in Sydney itself, hut through out tho wholo colony, to say nothing of his vast wealth, liu agreed with his wifo in the course of a long discussion upon the matter, that it would ho a very fortunato thing if Clara should fall in love with and marry him. It was true, ho said, that there was a very con siderable disparity of ago between tho couple, but then elderly men often mako excellent husbands, and, after all, Mr. Brymer could scarcely yot he con sidered to have passed his prinio. Fresh in Clara's heart as was tho grief of having to relinquish Rawdon, her father thought no better consolation could he possible than a murriago with such a man ; for although, indeed, it might not he a question of vory great love on tho girl's part, yet she would have the satis faction of gaining a good husband, and of being settled not merely comfortably, hut luxuriously in life ; all of which must over ho considerations of groat weight with every right-minded parent. Following upon this talk, Mrs. Lambert sounded Clara to ascertain her own feelings npou the matter, and was agreeably surprised to find her oven ahead of themselves in her viows. To j out this part of the story short, within a fortnight from the timo of first i meeting her, Mr. Brymer actually pro- posed, and she accepted him. And, j in order to show that sho bore no other i feeling than one of kindness towards J her old lover, she expressed a desire ! that both thoir marriages should take : place upon the saino day, and that her ' father should officiate ; which suggestion j was a source of much happiness and gratification to all the others concerned. The double wedding was ono of those quiet, simple ceremonies which affect the mind lar moro dcoply than a grand and imposing cclobrntion, whose magnificence of ritual seoms almost to i paralyse tho power oE realisation. Cecil and Marian wero tho first couple married. Mr. Hartree, lionmiug as with satisfaction at the issue of tho singular love affair iu which ho had become ono of the minor actors, was best man to both the bridegrooms. Tho young fellow, with bowed liond aud fervent manner, murmured tho response's, and iu duo course ho slipped the little gold hand upon Marian's finger, making her liis wife, according to tho beautiful words of the service, until death should part them.' When thoy had boon wedded, instead of quitting the church, Cecil led his bride into a pow, and tbonce, with dim eyes, hut face as immovable -as marble, and nearly as white, he watchod his old fiancee as her own father married hor to Mr. Brymor. Then tho littlo orgau rolled forth in the strains of the Wedding March, and to tlio rich music thoy slowly paced down tho aisle, out into the splendour of tho morning sun shine, where carriages were waiting to ' convoy them all to Mi. Lambert's house. It is an old and oft-told story — the | family gathering after tho marriage, I with its laughter nnd its tours, its open I merriment and its secrat grief. Why, | tliorefore, relate yet again thnt which has already been so often writteu ? Yot, perhaps, never was a wedding party held under exactly similar conditions, j There was a Bubtlo drop of bitterness | lurking in tho cup of happinoss of most of those present. Old memories tobo strong and vivid in the minds of Gccil : and Clara as thoy Bat nearly face to face at the long table, and there was an instinct of sympathy running throughout the wholo of tho company, who could rcaliso and appreciate their thoughts, which ' exeroised a perceptible influence upon ' the hilarity of the entertainment. Since that day Cecil nnd Clara' have sat toguthw " or and ovor again, and laughed with genuine glue, free of all the neutralising effeot of emotions lying too deep to be drowned by the intoxication of joy ; for time works wonders with a wounded heart, mid has, even been known to prove too stroBg for lore itself. ' And I suppose now that you're married, Mr. Rawdon, you'll he think ing of going home again,- sir?' Thus spoke Captain Sturgess, himself a prominent figure at the wedding breakfast, with his jolly, rubicund countenance, nnd glossy blue, cloth coat all a-twinklo with gilt buttons. Why, yes, captain,' answered Cecil. ' I must get hack to England as soon as ever I can now.' ' Then, sir,' exclaimed the skipper of the Strathnairn, with an air of serious conviction, ' although I say it, you can't do better than sail along with me.' ' There is nothing I should like better,' answered Cecil, 'and I am sure Mrs. Rawdon ' — he smiled on naming Marian thus . for the first time — ' would he equally glad to return in the old ship. When do you start?' ' In a fortnight. There are still a few cabins to let.' A little more talk, and the matter was settled ; Cecil commissioning Cap tain Sturgess to take passage for himself and Marian in the fine clipper he commanded. Mrs. Murray, who was of the party, appeared very disconsolate at the prospect of so soon losing hor beautiful young niece, and after sitting silent aud thoughtful for a considerable spell suddenly astonished the company by announcing that she too would return to England in tho Strathnairn ; adding that, although Australia was a very fine country, she had eome to tho conclusion after all that there was no place like the old home. And now it only remains to round off this narrative by disposing of the little group of actors which has figured in it. First, then, as to Cecil and Marian, for thoy have been the principal characters of the strange drama. Christmas Day, 1854, was the day fixed upon for tho sailing of the Strathnairn, and early in the morning Mr. and Mrs. Rawdon, together with Marian's aunt, embarked on board the noble ship as she lay mooredalongsidethe Circulnr Quay, with Blue Feter flying at tho fore, sails loosed, anchors secured, and all in readiness for putting to sea. They found a little party had assembled upon the quarter-deck to bid them a last farewell, consisting of Mr. Brymer and Clara, Mr. and Mrs. Lambert, Mr. Hartree and his wife, and two or three other people whose acquaintance they had mude whilst in Sydney. Never, perhaps, had the scene of the hay looked lovelier than upon this particular warm and hazy morning, with tho islets studded over the faco of the blue waters stealing out and vanishing again to the wrcathiug of tho hovering silver mist, and the few vossols slowly creeping up the harbour looming large, liko painted fabrics, against the steamy vapour. ' Scarcely wind onough to suit you, is thcro?' said Mr. Brymer, as Captain Sturgess, all in a bustle with business, camo rolling across to shake hands with his old friends. ' Oh, there'll be a nice little breeze outside the Heads,' nnswered the skipper, squinting admiringly at Clara, who was now recovering her colour, and beginning to look like her old self again. ' Once let us get clear of the harbour, sir, and I allow it won't he many hours before the coast of Australia sinks out of sight below the horizon." 'We shall all meot again some day,' said Cecil. 'Oh, yes,' exclaimed the eh eery Sydney merchant. ' Wo are confirmed colonials,' added he, indicating the little group by a comprehensive ware of his hand, ' and not very likely to return to the old country except on a visit. But perhaps one of these days you and your wife may revisit a scene that will always have many memories for you both.' ' You will let us hear of your safe arrival ?' said Mr. Lambert. ' Indeed we will,' answered Marian. ' And do not forget your friends nt Dunbar House,' exclaimed Mrs. Hartree. ' That is never likely to happen unless I should lose my memory again,' said Cecil. 'Your kinduess will remain a life-long recollection to me.' ' All's well thnt ends well,' said Mr. Hartree, who wus approaching danger ously near to one of his flights of philo sophic oratory. But just then the hoarse voice of tho boatswain, standing in tho gangway, bawled out, 'Now theu, all ushoro, plcnso, those as don't boloug to the ship.' ' Oh, we aro goiug to start !' ex claimed Mrs. Murray, clapping her hands effusively. And now indeed the time had como to say goodbye. Tho pilot at the break of the poop was shouting orders to the crew, nnd tlio main-desk was filled with tlio figures of the seamen hurry ing to oxecuto liis commands. Ono after another tho stout hawsers, which for near upon threo months now had kept tho Strathnairn motionless in hor berth, we.vo east off, till presently tho great hull was hold alongside by a solitary vopo at her hend and stern. Sailors were flocking up tho rigging to release the festooned sails, others were yco-lio- ing at the halliards and sheets, aud within an incredibly short space of time the towering naked musts lmd floated into wide clouds of canvas, swelling softly to tho gentle breeze, and shining white as pearl in tho watery sunshino.' ' Come,' said Mr. Brymer, ' it is timo for us to go.' Tho final leave-taking was brief nnd earnest — u fcrvont handshaku all round, a few lust expressions of heartfelt gratitude, wishes for a safe and pros perous voyage home, and then the little party passed over tlicsido on to the quay just as the last of the shorefasts fell with a splash into the water. They camo to a stand upon the wharf to watch the Strathnairn got under weigh, waving thoir hunds to Cecil and Marian and hor aunt, who overhung tho bul wark rail together right aft. Under the gontlo impulse of her yenrning sails the greut ship began slowly to glido nheiul, with a sailor at tho wheel grindiug the spokes hard ovor to cunt hor hows out towards the open harbour. In a couple of minutes she was tho distance of hoi own. length away from the quayside, with the clear brine beginning to stream out in ripples from updor her bends ni she gathered headway ; in a quarter ol an hour's time sho hud become a huge looming smudge amid the hovorinp mists; and them, liko the dying out o somo dtssoli lug view, sho v.mi > altogether from the sight of the specto tors ashore, . , ' God speed her on her way,' said ' Mr. Lambert, reverentially, as the little group broke up to return to their homes. Six months passed without bringing any news of the Strathnairn or her pas- songers to our Sydney friends ; then one morning Mr. Hartree received a long letter from Cocil Rawdon, enclos- ing a draft for the money he had hor- rowed, and telling him that they had arrived in England after a somewhat tedious but uneventful passage, that ho aud Marian had settled down at Winch- combe, together with Mrs. Murray, who was going to live with them for the future, adding that they were all veiy well, and that his business was flourish ing capitally, and winding up by a cordial invitation to Mr. Hal-tree and his wife to come and stay with them. The same mail brought a letter from Cecil to Clara, giving her the news of his safe arrival, hoping that Bhe was happy, and begging forgiveness for any unintentional wrong she might consider he had done her, concluding with a pressing request for Mr. Brymer to bring her to England, that ho might see her again. The notion of visiting her old Gloucestershire homo once more took Clara's fancy greatly. She had now been hard upon two years in Australia, and although the warm, genial climate of the country suited her well onough, she began to feel tlie want of a chango into more bracing latitudes; for, in lands wliero "black men thrive, white women usually languish. Her husband entered into the idea ; lio was fond of tho soa, and willing to do anything to please Clara. The delicate condition of hor health, however, ren dered her unfit to travel for some little while to eome, but by the month of November, 1855, she had grown suffi ciently strong again to enable her to undertake a voyage, which, indeed, her medical attendnnt strongly recommended as likely to prove highly beneficial. Accordingly Mr. Brymer took passage for himself and his wife in a famous clipper ship called the Star of Peace, advertised to leave within a fow weeks bound for the River Thames, and almost exactly a year from tho date of their having seen Rawdon off in the Strath nairn they sailed from Sydney Harbour, and, after on exceptionally swift voyage, arrived in London about the middlo of March; Clara had not written to Cecil telling him of her projected visit, and the first intimation of her coming which the vouug fellow had wns, on entering his drawing-room ono evening after returning from business, to find her seated thoro with her husband and Marian, playing with his fino little six- months-old hoy, who, she was just declaring, was the imago of his father. But this is mero domestic small talk. The truth is, that the story is now told, and if the peroration is much longer protracted, it will ho growing tedious. To conclude theu. After a stay of somo few months in this country, Mr. und Mrs. Brymer returned to Australia, having first of all exacted a promise from Cecil thnt lie and his wife should como to Sydney .at the earliest oppor tunity. After that time tho two couples oxchauged several visits ; until Mr. Brymer, beginning to grow too old to mako long ocean voyages, determined to undertake ono for tho last time, nnd to return to his native ' land to end liis days. Both Mr. and Mrs. Lambert hud been dead some years at this period, and Cliu-a herself was a woman of fifty, with more silver hairs . in her head than gold ones; and a married daughter, who wasboginningto develop a strong taste for literature, and occasionally threatened to found a novel upon tho subject of hor mother's romantic love passngo with Cecil Rawdon. Mr. and Mrs. Hartree wore eaoh of them alive and well when Clara saw them last time, though both getting very aged, and realising that the sun of their existence, which had shone with undimmed lustre throughout tho long span of a golden wedding, must now he within a vory little distance of its setting, and both of them quite prepared for that lust long journey which it comes to us ull to make. the end.' 