Publications Received. We have received from Mr. S.G. Benson, R.A.M., a copy of a part song, entitled, "Serenade," the words being written by Mr. R. Spencer Browne, and the music com- posed by Mr. Benson. Of Mr. Benaon'B fine qualities as an organist there is no need to speak Jierc ; they arc recognised and fully appreciated by the public As a composer he is perhaps less known, though his name Is attached to some pieceß which bear the Impress of originality and must clanly ability. A Btirring march, written for the installation of Sir S. W. Griffith as Provincial Grand Master of the Irish Con stitution of Freemasons, and his descriptive storm piece are perhaps most familiar hero. This part song should add considerably to his reputation a« a composer. Sung with sufficient delicacy, it will be recognised as «n exquisite little work—a composition in which tho musician and. the writer have laboured in perfect sympathy. The words are simple but. fera vent in sentiment, the music it rest ful, alioost like a lullaby, and wholly metor dloutv Technically, of course, it !» ably written; and altogether It 'to a part song which should find great favour with musical societies, who will find it a pleasing medium for the display of their power of expres sion and skill. The score has been printed from an artistically transcribed copy by Mr. 8\. O. Cowell. " Australia to England," by John Parrell (Angus and Robertson, Sydney).—A reprint, in attractive pamphlet form, of the Jubilee I»oem by* Mr. Parrell, published In the Sydney "Daily Telegnyph" of the Sind June under the title " Aye ImperatrU." A powerful poem. Mr. Parrell, who is not unknown as a poet, Is always worth read- Ing. The publishers evidently anticipate a large de>nand for the booklet for posting for Bngland, for every copy Is issued in an envelope ready for the mail, wanting only the address and stamp. \- "A Flirtation With Truth," by Curtis Yorke (George Robertson and Co., Mel bourne).—To lovers of the emotional, Mr. Yorke's book will provide pabulum of an. agreeable kind, and the dialogue being of a bright, sparkling nature, the tale may be fairly described as being most readable ; though why the bcok thculd bear the name it does will prove puzzling t» the reader. "In Camp and Barrack," by W.Ferars Auburn (Ward, Lock, and Co., Melbourne). —A Collection of fresh, breezy tales inter mingled with useful and interesting in formation concerning the mounted Tommy Atkins. The author, though, Is amusingly inconsistent when he condemns Rudyard Kipling for making so many of his men of the line Cockneys, for the hero in hla own moat pathetic and effective story is a true specimen of the " aitchless" and ungram matical Londoner. " The King of Sohnorrers," by I. Zangwill (W. Heinemann's colonla'l edition). —Mr. Zangwill has undoubtedly opened up a treasure store in his tales of Jewish life in the eighteenth century, and Judging from the other stories contained in the book; he should confine himself to that par ticular type of literature. " The King of Schnorrers" is one of the most readable tales recently submitted to the public, being as realistic in colour and detail as if described by a past master in the profession of " schnorrlng." "The Helpful Hen."—This Is the title under which Mr. F. D. Coburn, secretary of the Kansas State Board of Agrl culture, ■übm'lta to the reader hit report for the Quarter ending the 31st March, 1897. As might be surmised, poultry claims a large share of the space in the volume ; In fact, Just 164 pages are devoted excluelvfly to articles on ways and means of rearing and caring for the "helpful" bird—the word " hen" embracing also ducks, guinea fowls, and turkeys. The dedication, if such it may be termed, of the volume, i« worth reproducing : — " While everything else was going to rack and ruin, she in creased and multiplied ; she supported her self, and the family, too. The very Insects which would have despoiled the farm she fattened upon, laying her dally egg—the {blessed egg that took the place of beef and milk, mutton and pork—and in good time, after all.these services, surrendered her toothsome tody to the cause of humanity." The second half of the report dead* with addresses, papers, and discussions at the annual meeting of the board. " CasseTTs Family Magatine."—This old established magazine continues to improve/ The change in the character of the contents lately made baa certainly brought " Cas sell's" much more into accord with the popular taste than ft has ever been before. The' June' part, which commences, a new volume, is overflowilng. with attractions.' First and foremost comes an album of re productions of the twelve beautiful illus trations executed by the late Frank Dlcksee, R.A., for " Romeo and Juliet." Though the album is given away with the June number, It alone is Quite worth the whole price. In the magaiine Itself a new serial story by HeadQn Hill Is commenced, with the title " By a Hair's Breadth," which purports to be " the secret history of the Tsar's tour, compiled from the records of Paul Volborth (of the ' Third Section')." It promises to* be an unusually exciting piece of fiction. A new series of detective stories is also in itiated In " A Master of Mysteries; the Adventures of John Bell, Ghost Exposer." Mr. E. W. Hornung contributes an Aus tralian story of adventure, and there are • Itwo or (three other short complete stories. The serious articles include an account of the London Fire Brigade service, and " the gatherer" contains the usual assortment, or notes on new inventions. "The Queen's Empire" (Cassellaua Coj. I—The second, part of this album 1b to ,b%p.d. It deal* with the various modes' of /travel in yo'guo in the Brltlßh dominions, frpln the elaborate dining car of the English railway to the modest Jinricksha of Natal and the clumsy-looking upringless bullock-cart of Burinah. " The Australian Kitchen Garden," by Frank Flnedon (George Robertson and Co.). —No book could be more welcome to • the amateur gardener with au ambition to crow, his own vegetables than this. Every branch of the subject is touched upon and explained with clearness, letterpress descriptions being in many cases assisted wlti 'ungr-iv ings. One of the most useful ieitiona of the book is a sheet. calendar showing tUe times at which various vegetables should be planted, the depth at which to place the seedE, distance of rows, and methods of sowing. The series of garden "remiatlcM'' at the end^will also be appreciate J. \- " Australasian Gold Reckoner" (Edwards, Dunlop, and Co.).:—A handy little " ready reokoner" for discovering at a glance • tbe yalue of .any quantity of .gold from Igr. up to 280z., at rates ranging from £3 to £4 2s. ' 9d. per ounce. The 'only fault we have to find with this useful " vade mecum" for tha miner and gold buyer is that it takes no notice of gold below £S per ounce In value. In some parts of Queeaslaad tbe gold found is worth only about £2 17s. per. ounce. The compiler, Ifr. H. 8. Shaw, n»uat have been ignorant of that fact. 