THE LIE JOE SAVAGE TOLD. Down ill tlic southern pnvt of Baylor County, Texas, you miiy still hear old set tlers make occasional references to the S£ vages, or the Savage brothers, as they sometimes call them. This does not refer to the time when the Indians . were in : the country, although that time is by no means so far distant as to be beyond the memory of living man; nor does it imply anything especially wild and ferocious about the character of the men in question.' It merely goes back to the first half of the 80's, when two brothers' of that' name were among the prominent inhabitants of that sparsely set-" tied district. In some countries events of that period would be considered compara tively modern, but in Western Texas; they, are ranked as strictly ancient history. - It seems from a careful survey of. the facts in the case that neither of the broth ers was really a bad man at heart, notwith standing the fact that a great many people who ought to know are strongly inclined to think otherwise. It is certain that one of them was ns'true' a man as ever trod the soil of Texas, or any other State, for that matter. - All who knew; him agree that the final year of his life, at any rate, was a year of such courage and self- sacrificing heroism as one reads of jn books, hut seldom looks for in real life. The people of West Texas are not much prone to hero worship, aud whenever tliey agree that a man of their ac quaintance is above the average of mortal ity there is very likely to be some basis for the belief. Judging merely from physical appearances, one would Lave had little trouble in deciding which of the two men would be more likely to prove of heroic A . 1 .1 1«11 tl, A , Al I ,1 n/ln , ,.A A n AM A f , A liiuuiu. uui) ttiv \>tia a iiutu ui ukik- niticent physique, not unduly large, but with muscles of such herculean strength as per fect health and the free life of a Western cowboy lire apt to impart. He was light complexioned, and is. said to have possessed a vigorous, manly countenance, such as ought to have made him more successful in his love affairs than he really was. Joe, on the other hand, was as much a picture of weakness and deformity as his brother was of health and strength- He was not only .'a peaked-fuced, slender slip of a .man, hut he Was.n cribble As well.' When he was 5 ydars "old and Bill was only 3, a cyclone had struck the log house in which the hoys and their \- parents were living. The mother and father were lulled, hut when the neighbors came to look through the ruins of the cabin they found Joe crouched on the bed with his limbs spread out in such a manner as to pro tect hiB baby brother. A heavy log had fallen across his right foot and right wrist, crushing them both very badly, but Bill was stdl sleeping in absolute unconsciousness of the existence of any sneh disturbing affairs as cyclones. As a result of his injuries at the time, Joe was "club-footed" through the whole of lus life, and his right forearm had a big knot on it, and a crook that made his right hand turn out when it should have ; turned in. It is said that Joe was proud of i his deformities rather than otherwise, pre sumably because they had been incurred in the defence of his baby brother, and that Bill was, for the most part, tenderly regard ful of the brother who had sacrificed health and almost life for him. Naturally enough, Bill was the more .pros perous of the two. Before he was 30 he owned a considerable "bunch" of cattle, and leased quite a body of land in the cast! ern part of Baylor County as a ranch. Joe was lus lme rider, and in that capacity was enabled to do a great deal of such work as did not require any very great amount of mere muscular strength. Everything worked smoothly with .them until May Conley came to live with a married brother of hers who lived only a few miles, from the Savage ranch. She was not a highly educated girl, by any means, and it is doubtful if she was more than fairly intelligent, but she was pretty, and she was fickle — and that -Jells the whole story. In this case Joe was the first victim. He met May at one of the big camp meetings that are common in that rauuuj ui me ran or xne year, ana alter that he was very pronounced in his atten tions to her for several months. Then his attentions ceased as suddenly and abruptly as they had begun. People noticed this, and they also noticed that just about that time Bill began going to see her. "Bill took it up just where Joe laid it down," remarked one cowboy to another during one of the intervals in a dance on one occasion. "Naw, that ain't it," responded his friend. "I think Joe laid it down just where Bill took it up." One day as the two brothers and one or two others were engaged in branding some or Bui s yearlings the subject was brought "Sure enough, Joe, what ever made vou quit com to see that Conley gal so sud- uent.' asked Jim Smith, one of the helpers, in a jocular way. "I stopped so as to give Bill a chance," said Joe, with what was evidently a forced attempt at gaiety. "Shucks! 'r ejaculated his brother. "You needn t a stopped for that. If I couldn't beat you I d. better quit." There was just the least bit of contemptu ous emphasis on that word "you," and Joe noticed it. A slightly shamed, pained look came over his poor, thin face as he fal tered: "W— well, 1 didn't heer much for her, no j Y-tS a fool in' from the first. JVly deliberate opinion is that this state ment was a lie. It is my opinion, further more, that m this single, ungrammatical, mispronounced, mutilated lie there was a loftiness of thought and purity of purpose such as an angel in heaven might well aspire to. Bill did not take aav such view of the matter, though, for he only looked up and retorted angrily: . opinion of anybody that would go foohn round a woman when he didn't care nothing for her is that he ain't much man." x. »e sjprctty small potatoes — he shore is," gut in Tom Jackson, the fourth man at the randing. Nobody noticed the remark par ticularly at the time, but subsequent events caused tliem to think a great deal about it later on. "I'm surprised at you, Joe," said Bill, lhe ghost of a forced smile hovered piteously on Joes lips for a moment, but he merely rubbed his forehead with the knot on his wrist in the nervous way pe culiar to him on such occasions, and said nothing. Aside from one or two little incidents like this — which are hardly worth counting as exceptions--Biirs courtship was an illustra tion of the fact that, notwithstanding a cer tain very eminent authority to the contrary, the course of true love does occasionally run smooth — for a while. In this case it ran smooth down to the very day set for the Wedding. The ceremony was to be perform ed at what was known as Plum Creek school house, and early in the morning Bill vent with a number of his friends to get ready for the festivities. In Borne countries it might not be considered as a part of the groom s duties to make these preparations, at m Texas it is etiquette for anybody to «".» V4....W jiivuutu iuuc \yu» not eome one else to do it. The ceremony was to take place at 10 o clock. Perhaps half an hour before that time Joe and his friend Jim Smith were ridmg through the timber which always abounds around creek bottoms in Texa's, and were much astonished when, at a sud den bend in the trail, thev came across the supposed prospective bride. She was on horseback and unaccompanied. "Hello!" exclaimed Joe, in surprise. "Are you lost?" , 'Tes'," answered May, with a nervous laugh. I never was as glad to see anybody m my life. This here creek bottom timber's so thick a wild cat would mighty nigh get lost m it — let alone a woman. _ "J,,sllou'd think you and Bill had been to Plum Creek school house often enough to know the wav by this time?" "I ain't agora' to Plum Crick," said Slay, With a foolish giggle. "What! ain't you goin' to get married?" Yes." " Well, Bill's at the school house now, a Waitm for ye." May tossed her head and then giggled again. 00 "I ain't a waitin' for him none," she said. _I might as well tell you now as any time, I m goin to be married to Tom Jackson this morning at Round Timbers. I've lost my .way there, and I want you to tell me how to go." At the mention of Jacloson's name Joe's face hardened for a moment. He was the man who had been so quick to take Bill's part in the quarrel with his brother. Then Joe began to reason with May as to her conduct, but a very few moments sufficed .to show him the futility of the attempt. Broniptly changing his plans, he gave her a galled account of the way to Round Tim- "Say !"_ interrupted Jim Smith/ who had listened m profound astonishment to the Whole conversation, "you're mistaken about . "No, I ain't." retorted Joe. "The trail's been changed lately. That's all right, May. Come on, Jim. "I still think you were mistaken about that trail, Baid Jim, as the two men rode on together. j . "No, I wasn't mistaken," said Joe. "I J just lied— that was all. I did it for Bill's sake. If May goes! the way I sent her she'll not get to Round Timbers this morning." After they had ridden a few moments in silence, Joe began again: "Jim, old fellow, for God's sake don't let on that you'Te seen nor heard nothing this morning. Itll be plenty tough on Bill, any way." "I shore won't," said Jim. There was quite a crowd assembled around the door of) the litle log school bouse when these two men rode up. The groom was there, and so was the preacher; so also were the people. The house was decorated with in and without with flowers and leaves and other ornaments more or less appropriate to the occasion. However, there was one or nament generally considered necessary on wedding occasions which was still missing — namely, the bride. "Seen any tiling of May, lately?" asked Bill, stepping to the front as the newcomers rode up. There was just a trace of anxiety in liis voice as he spoke. "Naw," answered Joe promptly. His face looked perfectly unconcerned as he spoke, but in a very few moments a cloud began to rest on it. I suspect, though, that instead oi grieving over the lie he had told— as of course he should have been— he was merely wondering how he might spare Bill the mor tification which a public discovery of the real facts in regard to May might occasion. He was now sitting with one leg thrown over the horn of his saddle. Suddenly his face lighted up with its old sickly smile, and in a voice that trembled a little in spite of the bravado he tried to throw into it, he be gan: "Say, Bill, that was the devil of a lie I told you about May just now. 1'saw her not over half an hour ago." "You did, did you? When will she be here?" Bill's face grew stern and white. "AVby won't she?" he demauded. "Because I directed her in the wrong road. Jim tried to tell her right, and I wouldn't let him. Aiu't that so, Jim?" Jim nodded grimly. With faces that now began to grow drawn and anxious the spectators glanced from one speaker to tbe other in turn. Bill's face was fairly livid with rage, and his voice trembled with the awfulncss of repressed fury as be asked the next Question: "What did you do it for?" The expectant silence that followed was deathlike, but even then Joe's voice was hardly audible as be answered with the same sickly smile still hovering about his white lips: "Because I useter court her myself and you cut me out!" Before the words were fairly out of his month Bill sprang at him with the fury of a wild beast. With all the force of his mighty right arm he struck, and the blow descen ded upon tbe arm— the crippled, knotted arm — which Joe had interposed to ward it off. Some say it descended upon the very knot itself. He fell from his pony as if he had been shot, and lay for several moments on the turf where he had fallen. "Which way did you send her?" asked Bill, in the same awful tones be had used before. "I won't tell," gasped Joe. 'Then get up off that ground!" Joe meekly obeyed. "Get on your pony— no, I see it's got away frem you. Then saddle up mine yon der, and go after May and bring her back at once, sir. Do you near'" Joe meekly took the huge Texas saddle in his left hand, and carried it to where the pony stood grazing, tied by a long rope to a tree.. His right arm hung limp by bis side. After some ineffectual efforts to throw the saddle on with his left arm he gave up the attempt. "I can't get the thing on," ho said. Use your right arm, sir," called his brother. "I think you've broke his game arm, Bill," said Jim Smith. "It's a lie," shouted Joe; "that arm's as good as it ever was." To prove the truth of this assertion, lie made a mighty effort and managed to lift bis arm to his shoulder, though the wrist still dangled loosely from his elbow. Even then_ he could not restrain his face from wincing and his teeth from clinching with the pam. Dropping the saddle, lie turned abruptly and limped off into the woods without a word. Jim Smith afterwards said that only his solemn promise to Joe kept him from tell ing the whole truth at this juncture just as he knew it to be, and that he had to grit his teeth hard and say cuss words under his breath to do it then. As to the rest of the crowd, it must be remembered that thev Imew nothing of Joe's own statement about tho Tnntfor nnn fltof n sympathised with Bill. After some moments of condolence and consultation with the crowd. Bill, -with some four or five others, started out to find Joe. '/Get that rope off your saddle there and <ri? it along, he said to one of the men. , Sra?,',nfc 8?!n' to string him up. are yo"vr ' "iras tbe rather anxious reply. No; just want to sheer liim a little Come on." In a verv short time they found the man they were looking for. ' Are you ready to tell where May is, or toco after her?" Bill demanded. "N-no," faltered Joe, with a distrustful glance at the little group of attendants. Again his brother sprang at him. This time he threw him to the ground and held him there, with his grasn firm nnmi bis throat. "Don't, Bill, old fellow, for God's sake," gasped Joe, as his brother somewhat re laxed the grip on his throat. "I didn't mean no harm by it— honest, I didn't. I won't do it no more. What are you going to do with that rope, Bill? You're not going to kill your poor, no account brother, are you, old boy?" Without a word Bill and his attendants continued wrapping the rope around Joe. Then they stoop him up beside a tree and tied him to it, so that his club foot touched the ground, while the other, the strong one, was doubled back in the coil of rope. "Now, you ungrateful whelp," said Bill, as he started to leave. "I'll be back in 30 minutes to see if you're ready to tell me." "Didn't he kiss your hand while you was tying him?" asked someone as they walked away. "Dogged if I know," said Bill, "Did he?" Hardly had they left when Jim Smith came up and at once began to untie the ropes. 'Don't!" said Joe, "Bill will be back in a few minutes. Just unslip this loop here. Thank you! The strain was on my right arni, and it hurt, because it was sore. Jim, this is hard— but I guess I can stand it, for. Bill's sake. I ain't liurtin' so much now, though, as I was. It's mostly all a joke. Bill was aliera a powerful fellow to joke. I wislit you'd go tell him when he comes back I say please not to bring anybody else with him." At the appointed time Bill saddled his ponv and rode off to where Joe was. "I'll take tbe boss, so that if Joe's ready by now he can start out after May and bring her back. I rather guess he's ready by now, too. Maybe we'll get to cat a wed ding dinner to-day, yet — only a little late, of course." After some time had elapsed and neither brother bad "allowed up," as the phrase goes in Texas, Jim Smith walked to the plac-e where he had left Joe. There the poor fellow was, still tied to the tree — but dead! The 30 minutes' strain had been too much for his crippled leg to bear, and it had gradually given way, and this had allowed the poor fellow to choke to death. Of course, Jim lost uo time in rousing the ?uasi wedding guests, and in telling the real acts about May. It is not the first in stance in the history of the world when tf man has had the truth toid about him too late to do him any good. A pursuing party was out after Bill at once, but all to iio avail. Some say he committed suicide shortly after in San Antonio; others that he is still alive in New Mexico; still others, that he is to-day in the insane asylum at Terrell. I do not know what the truth about it is. Mr. and Mrs. Tom Jackson still live in Cottle County, Tex. Jim Smith is the man who first toid me this story. Joe Savage is buried on the banks of Plum Creek, and on his wooden headboard J'ou can still decipher the inscription : "He Loved Mutch. The Scripture had to be misquoted to suit the gender of the pronoun, and the spelling is. slightly peculiar, but I cannot help thinking the inscription a good one. Many people consider love a very good thing, and Prof. Drummond lias written a book to prove that it is "The Greatest Thing in the World." If these estimates are correct, Joe Savage was surely a great and good man; for greater love hath no man than this, that he lav down his life for his friend. — "Globe Democrat." 