AOTA POPULI. By The Flaneur. Thbrb are times when even a fool may deviate into ? eense and a born blunderer stumble into a right course of action. 'Unfortunately, however, those cases are very rare. They happen about as often as a married man coaxes his wife to sing, tind in nine cases out of ten they are quickly discounted by ome exceptionally asinine act of folly. Germany's crack-brained Kaiser did the world some service when he suppressed Bismarck, but it is a thousand pities he didn't follow up the good work by promptly suppressing himself. 'Silly Billy's' latest act of folly took the shape of allowing himself to be nobbled by the cunning nobles who now run Russia — the poor spineless little Czar has no more to do with the matter than Quong Tart has — and in a \vild burst of temporary insanity, brought on by Russian flattery and cookery, Kaiser William has generously appointed Russia Deputy-Assistant Superintendent of the earth under himself, and boldly declared the pair will in future act as sole guardians of the peace of Europe. What Grandma G-uelph should do now is to lay wild Willie across her knee and tan him well, and then lock him. up hf the cellar, and place herself at the head of her German Dragoons, of which she is such a worthy Colonel, and assume the rule of Germany; for if her fcnl- headed grandson isn't promptly sat,, upon he may start a blaze that will wipe out half of Europe. Money may be the root of all evil, but it some times bears a sprig of goodness also. It is the lack of money, for instance, that has staved1 off a big European war so long. The lives. of the people do not trouble their rulers much, but the loss of mil lions of money would. The situation is not unlike that which existed in the Schwindlebaum family when little Ikey, who was about to be ' tanned' for not learning his interest table, exclaimed — '-Fader. I vould ask you rememper dot ven you hits, me so hardt mit dot shtick you vears oudt mine trousers shameful. I shall soon vant anoder pair, for disvill be de fifth floggin' you have gived me dis veek. Fader, for de sake of the monish, pause ! ' Mr. Schwindlebaum paused, of course, and the Great Powers have paused from war for a somewhat Bimilar reason. Russia is managed by a secret society of her nobles, and mighty smart men they are, too. No one ever sees them openly at work, for they use the wretched Czar so that he acts like the cork on a fishing-line. A. coloured philosopher once said — ' Yo' can't allus tell whah ter put credit by lookin' at de surface. De cork on de fishin'-line dahnces round an' 'tracts a heap oh attenshun. But it's de little hook under de watah dat's doin' all de real biznsss.' Russia is really the prepondera ting factor in the affairs of Europe, and instead of being a protector she is a standing menace to the peace of the world, Will we ever hear the last of those awful record reign rejoicings ? I doubt it— unless some sensible legislator manages to pass a law making any further reference to the tomfoolery a crime against the peace of the people punishable by death. Our 'great dailies,' as someone sarcastically calls them, are the worst offenders now, and instead of allowing the thing to die out they keep on boring us with details, and further details, and very latest details, until one is driven mad enough to wish that Butler's ghost would reappear and burn them all down as it undoubtedly did the Star. As a sample of the sickening slush now served out, here is a D. T. par. which says : ' The Queen seemed much interested in the march-past, and smiled as the Prince of Wales, the Duke of York, and the Duke of Cambridge led their regiments past her!' 'The Queen smiled!' And, by Mars, the great god of war, well she might smile, for anything more shriekingly funny than the sight of podgy little Tummy, his brainless son 'Sprats,' and that fine old fighting 'fall-back,' der Dook of Ganipridge, leading regiments of real soldiers has never been seen even in the wildest flights of comic opera. The whole foolery in fact recalls that part of Offenbach's ' Grand Duchess' in which that royal but rakish lady, having reviewed her troops, asks the feather bed hero Fritz : ' How many campaigns .?. How many wounds ?' To which Fritz replies, even as 'Tummy' might truthfully do : ' Your Highness, no campaigns, no wounds. Oh, I forgot. Getting over a spiky orchard after some apples, I tore my — but never you mind where !' Poor old ' Gampridge' did get to a battle-field upon one occasion, I believe, but the moment the guns began to shoot he decided that the less he had to do with war the more would be left of him to draw his princely pay and wave his gory gingham on review days, and so he made a masterly retreat and struck for home at a pace that would have made even Tom Malone puff to keep up with. Luckily, England has a few good officers to lead her troops into battle. When the time comes to lead them out, no one could show them the road quicker than 'Tummy,' 'Sprats' and ' Gampbridge ' The shameful manner in which the memory of sturdy 'Jock' Robertson has been flouted by fellows who were never worthy to blacken the old hero's boots reminds me of a good story of the old Parliamentary days when Honest Jock was Premier and unfortu nately had a very poor crowd of colleagues round him. One of those 'duffers' had ju9t delivered a speech that would have almost shamed even Garrard to-day, when good old Richard Hill Tose and said : 'The hon. member puts me in mind of a sable, countryman of mine who had a fine Rosella parrot for sale that could not only talk, but even swear very fluently, indeed. He also had four or five ?kookoobooras,' or laughing jackasses — a deadand alive species of bird which only wakes up every half. hour or so to catch a mouse or the like* These birds are not pretty to look at, and they are quite as prosy as any member here— which is saying a very great deal,1 indeed. ' Seeing that the darkie had the lot boxed up together, I asked what he intended to do with them. ' Sell 'em, Mas'r,' was the reply. ' Oh, nonsense, Tommy,' said I. ' Baal you sell 'emkookooboora?, them fellows no good at all.' ? Oh, but I bin mix 'em, Mas'r, an' soon sell 'em now,' said Tommy. 1 D is pfeller parrot too good to go by himself, so I mix 'em all up an' de good pfeller sell de bad ones.' ' The speaker then likened Robertson to the Rosella, and his colleagues to the kookoobooras, and his story would fit in very aptly if it were applied to the one-man Ministry of the present day. A more miserable mediocre crowd of kookoobooras was never mixed up for sale, even by Parkes ; and his first care in selecting a Ministry was always to choose men who had the least amount of brains and the largest amount of cash. The one Rosella among the Reid kooicoobooras now burdening the land is *' Jack' Want, and how he came to be in the ' Holy Joey' boat has always been a mystery to me. I have often thought that he must have been stuffed in by mistake, like the boy in the following story. A very learned Professor whose head was fairly bursting with scientific lore, but who didn't know any more about domestic matters than a hen does about hypnotism, was left in charge of his house hold while his wife was away fighting the good fight at the bargain-sale counters- Finding the children had all been put to bed before she returned, the wife asked her learned spouse if they had given him much trouble. ' On, no,' replied the Professor, ' they all went off like lambs, except that red-haired little indivi dual in the cot. He objected a great deal to my undressing him, and resisted violently while I was putting him to bed.' ' Gracious me !' said the alarmed wife, ' we haven't a red-haired child in our family.' And then she took a peep at the party in the cot, and exclaimed : ' Good heavens ! that's not our boy at all. That's little Johnnie Green from next door !.' And in like manner it occurs to me that Premier Reid put the wrong boy in the Ministerial cot when he made an Attorney-General of 'Mikado Jack' Want. But he won't be in it loner after the head of the family returns, and everything seem3 to forbode that Dr. Georgium Reiduum will have a lively time and a terrible amount of mess to clear up on his arrival here. Everyone who knows anythingof Judge Windeyer will admit that it would be almost as safe to twi&t; the tail of a lion deprived of his dav's rations as to pull his Honor's leg in legal affairs, or to play off any Parliamentary pranks, or 'act the mule' in a Court over which he was presiding. All the same however, he was fooled in open Court on one occa sion, and the laugh raised was all the. greater by reason of the fact that the originator of it was bliss fully unconscious that he was doing anything out of the common run on his professional duty. Two men were being tried before Judge Windeyer for robbery from a store. Amongst the articles stolen was a violin, and the counsel for the defence — I'll call him Fitzhooligan for shortness, though it's nothing like his real name— endeavoured to show, by way of letting his clients down lightly, that the value of the instrument was under £o. But the pawnbroker with whom it was pawned swore it was a tip-top affair, worth about at least £14. Fitzhooligan at once saw that this witness must be promptly put down, and so assuming his haughtiest and sternest air he severely said — ' How do you .know it was worth £14 ? Who made you a judge of this 'king of instruments,' I'd like to know ? ' 'Well,' returned the witness, ' if you had peen in der pawnshop beezness terventy years, like me, you'd know de value of goots petter than you do now. Besides, I am a violinist myself, und I know a goot inshtrument ven 1 see von.' . Everyone present thought this was a set-back for Fitzhooligan, but to the great surprise of all he gravely said — ' Hand me that ', ; instrument^ I, too, am a violinist, as I shall prove to this august Court.' And before anyone had time to put in a word of protest, Fitzhooligan poked the fiddle under his chin and played ' Rory O'More' with a vim that would have been highly creditable to the performer if he had kept closer to the tune. Everyone stood aghast, waiting to hear the for midable lion on the Bench roar his denunciation of this awful piece of sacrilege, but the Judge seemed to be fairly paralyzed with astonishment, for he sat in silence with his hand nursing his heavy jaw, until Fitzhooligan, having finished torturing 'Rory,' stopped, bow in hand, and complacently said : — ' That, your Honor, was a specimen of the lighter school of music. Now I will give you something from the classic school of the old masters. It is called ' The Heart Bowed Down,' and it goes thus—' ' ' Fut that wretched thing down at once .''thundered Windeyer, who had now recovered his senses and his bear-like disposition. 'Put it down this in stant, or I'll have an order made to prevent you from ever appearing in this Court again !' That stopped Fitzhooligan's fiddling, of course, but his unlucky clients had to step out lively to it, for they got seven years apiece. ' . Mb. W. R. Conley, who for 45 years has been a resident of the Albury district, died on Monday. 