Primitive Religion. - - Church Society Lectures, ""? iiwitetiTf In 60nes oE 1001 "res on tlia , 1 te ful fi ll ,"?"7 wns given lnst night m the school by tho Rov G Iff. i , Frodflliam, M.A., of St. Thomas's Church, Toowong, under tho auspices of tho Church Society. Tho Bishop of Brisbano prcsidorl. uiuqiucru was a good attendance In intro- f (lacing tho lecture, Mr. Fradsham reminded r K , hcarera of tho existcnco of n considerable 'i : number of men and women whoso religions . - worn non-Ghruitum." It was usual to - denominate all these people as heathen . . ' but whatever might bo Mid about / the uboi'igiiinl b neks, tho worn could not, unless much qualified, bo applied to tho in habitants of China nnd India. There were 1 to be found religious books oldci th m tho 1 greuter part of tlio Bible, institutions in- comparably more ancient than Iho Briti-h mm constitution, and, In fine, nations that woro civilised wlion tho English wcro wandering v ' : Inilf-naked savages on tho stoppos of Central ' Asia or Ashing on tho cold shores of tho Bultio. Bovolopmont could ho traced iu ; fv- religion as m ovcrytliiiig else, and thoro was -V ' a vast, dirt'eronco hotwoon tlio unimiBm of Australasia or tho fotichism of Africa ami tho lofty conceptions of tho scored hooks of India. Tlio point, however, that . n!!; tho lecturer wished to enforce was that . , . bohind tho rough liown -faco of tho black, aud ; tho small (lurk eyes of tho Chinaman, was a human soul needing and seeking after a diviun reality; uud that tho God tbo Christians know whs tho God sought after by tho non- Obristiuns, however imperfect tho eon- Ti ccption, ami however stntleriug iho uttcr- unco. Mr. Frodsinun rniid tluit myths wcro of peculiar interest to tho student of religion, us showing tho oarly stages of 1 fooling after God." They uro attempts mudo by tho savugo man to express bis conception of \ powers tiiuiseending his own. Tho form of the myth was determined by the peculiar surroundings of the Mirage. Tlio black ' made tho huh, tho moon, or 44 Ghoon- yah," tho Creator, spcuk und act exactly its ho would speak uud act if he was the sun, tho moon, or u Ghoon-yuh;" In parts liko Aus tralia, where droughts and Hoods worn of , y frequent oeuurrouee, tho hlaclcs conceived that things good for men wcro iu tho power of hostilo forces, and they had confined their attention to tho bad forces who could do them injury. Tho inedieino men of tho tribes bud tho power to propitiate, or to "raise," theso evil powers. At this stage there seemed to be u turning point in religious conception. Tho uuvugo begun lo upprolieiid that tbo various forces which lio hud porsomticd us Divine were working under some posterior forco. Tlio (> samo point could be perceived in other savage myths. Tlio aboriginals of Viotoria used to bclicvo that thero wus mice a time ' when tlio sun never went down, uud tho "blnukd got tired," but a big mcdicino man by incuutnUous forced tbo sun to bum up his internal substuueo daily. Ho now went down below tho earth every night to gather fresh fuel. Iu tho Maori myth tho sun used to ruco through tho sky ut rucehorso speed, but a W, great hero cuught him and bent him so badly thut ever kuico tho sun had limped slowly across tho heavens. Tho lecturer went on to speak about uuimism, or tlio belief iu tho indestruetiblcness of tho spivit, which spirit the savage conceived could bo found in a tree, or rack, or animal just as much us in a man.. This explained ancestor worship ; boliof iu ghosts ; lotiehism, where tlio spirit of- any particular deity was thought to 'inhabit tho piece of wood or clay, 44 daubed with paint aud ornamented with feathers," which they worshipped ; und totemUm, when there was thought to bo a friendship between luon and animals, uud oven inanimate -objects. Somo lantern slides of fetiches, burial customs, ami other suvago religious customs thrown upon u screen and explained concluded the lecture. It lias just been discovered tlmt each of the two Testaments, iu use in the City of London Court is kissed :!0,000 times a year. Both books uro very ancient. They uro falling to pieces, being literally kissed aw.i) . 