^Tioa.A^1IMktiil&| ..??-? ? . 4- - ....-- .??'.- - . -?'./ There are, it is said, only 146 religions in all the United States. Considering that within these limits thnre dwell 70 millions of people of a speculative, energetio, and in ventive race this number of faiths, in the opinion of many Americans, is not enough to go round (writes the New York. correspondent of the London Daily Tclejraph). There has been created a brand new church, aud almost a -fi*t\T£i1 fnifh TtTitViin 4-t. a loof taw rn!)rD_f.nO 'Church of Christ Scientist.' Thefounderof the new church is a lady— the Rev. Mary BvW Eddy. This remarkable woman has somehow forced into existence a creed which is sup posed to be scientific, and placed herself at the head of a sect supposed to be Christian, the first supposition being ridiculously untrue, and the second open to grave doubt. Obeying her ^dictates is a following that 'numbers over a quarter of a million, and these persons, I should imagine, far above tho average in educa tion. In all the social peculiarities of America I have encountered' nothing more inexplicable. Mrs. Eddy has made the profound discovery that God being good all His work must be good. Hence those things that seem evil are not real. . The soul is real ; the body and its trouble? phenomenal. Sin and disease are not realities ; get right views and faith and these disappear. Ergo, doctors are frauds; sickneBS. and bodily aliments must be cured by getting the soul rights not by pills and potions. The work of the physician is the work of the parson. A true believer of the new gospel died of cancer tho other day. Yet I should not bo surprised to learn that at this moment the 'Church of Christ Scientist' is making more progress than any other in this country. A far more amusing class are the faith bealers, who are going up and down tho country curing all manner of diseases by laying on of hands. They are so naive. One of this genus, named Schrader, has been operating in New Jersey and about the little town of Bayonue. Such was his reuown that no fewer than 15,000 patients visited him in the course of a single week. Having taken the visitor's Eocket handkerchief, aud twisted it between is fingers, his universal prescription was, 'Apply this handkerchief to the affected part every day, aud you will be cured.' The ingenuous Schrader did not take money, but had a man Friday not above receiving the filthy lucre, and between them they did re markably well. Yet Schrader must, I imagine, go blue with envy when he thinks of the much greater success of the nigger Alex ander Bedward, who has been healing people by the thousand on the Hope River, in the West Indies. This holy Darkie was once the inmate of a lunatic asylum, and subsequently of a gaol. With such training he blossomed forth as a Christian Mahdi, the 'Prophet of tho Most High,' having power by his prayers to make the Hope a healing stream, and thousands of negroes have uattiea witn eacii other to get nrst into tne Jamaica Bethesda. The wily Bedward says the virtue remains in the water only while he stays by, so that he collects fresh fees eaoh time ho comes, and ia thus gathering in the dollars copiously. It would seem to 'le no special drawback to a transatlantic prophet that he has 'done time' previously. At Woodcliff, not far from here, is a sect of fauatics. whose founder, Huntsman Muason, alias Mason, admits that he formerly belonged to a certain class of criminals in this city, but he now leads the 'Angel Dancers' of New Jersey, and is continually exercised with his people in driving out the devil from their sur roundings. This last is an irksome process, for when the evil one gets iuto food it has to be destroyed, and when he forces his way into a room thero is no process to get him out except to stretch a white sheet across the apartment, and the faithful, holding the corners, advance to the door. Thus the 'puir de'il' is relentlessly driven out of doors in this ,cold weather, too, with the mercury close to zero. The Garden State Mephistopheles cannot staud a white sheet. It reminds him, possibly, of penitence. What is to be said about the reality and permanence of these alleged spiritual cures of physical ills ? It would be foolish to deny that there have been some striking cures effected, a few of them difficult possibly to explain. Thoy always occur in seasons of great excitement. One such is vouched for by the Rev. Dr. Robert Collyer, doyen of the Unitarian Church in New York. It is the case of a woman who for five or six years had been helpless through rheumatic inflammation. This woman 'got herself carried' to the meeting of one of the healers in Chicago. 'She Ii6teued to the man's teach ings the first day, but it did not seem to help her. Tbe second day the tides of emotion and excitement rose to the full. She started up suddenly in the meeting and shouted, ' Ble&a; tlie Lord ! My trouble is gone.' She walked home. When I was in Chicago last May (con tinues the doctor) she came over to see me at my daughter's house. She could walk as well as I. She is walking now. She is well, ex cept that now and then the rheumatio pain will seize her. Then she begins to pray. She has iaith, and the pain goes away again.' Cyrus Teed, 'the Chicago Christ,' is getting up. a New Jerusalem on Estero island, Florida. Hia sect are the 'Koreshaus,'and bift wifft lftffc liftr fnrmpp lmabanH to hpi^mp his consort and queen of tbe colony, under tho title of ' Victoria Gratia Koresh'— an obvious plagiarism from a British coin. Tho Koreshan settlement has some mills, and it supports two newspapers, the Flaming Stvoni and the Pruning Shears. Over all Teed is the absolute boas ; he does not ? allow aiiy marriage in the ordinary sense of the word in his domain, and all the chil dren born in the community are taught to believe that ho is the universal father. Ho professes unlimited ability to perform miracles, but is economising his power just now. In this State'bf !New JTork Mrs. James B. Clark, of Chazoy, is cutting out the doc tors all through Clinton county by the spiri tual exorcism of disease. Georgia has been favored by Anderson Rodgere; a colored prophet, whose deluded disciples, relying on his prediction of the Day of Judgment, have many of them been left without' visible means of subsistence, and a few placed in durance. Lida Nelson honored Indiana with her prophe cies, and in Maine the Rev. I\ W. Sandford proclaims his marvellous cures, and carries on a 'Holy Ghost and its Bible School.' Bill James nas kindly devoted himself to the Indians of the Puyallup tribe. Finally, there is Bradley Newell, the erstwhile blacksmith of Vermont, who has grown rich on other people's faith, and who went over to England, most likely to enjoy himself, but ostensibly to convert the Prinoe of Wales to his views. They report that his mission was a failure. As to the motives and quality of theBe people they are mostly arrant knaves, and I marvel greatly thai; they succeed so well in this land, where education is general and tho people are so cute in all worldly things.' A case quite in point occurred four days ago at Shelby ville, Indiana. In that Arcadian region, some six weeks, back,' there suddenly appeared a stranger, who rented a house and hung up a flaring sign inscribed 'God's Gospel Healing Home Through Christ.' He gave himself out as 'Elder Henry J. Deviers.' Patients flocked to him; '* his power was 'the talk of the city; his house was crowded day and night,' and his revenue was considerable.' But ' the elder lacked prudence ; a -charlatan should never., fall out : witji .-.-'liis accomplices. ,The piouji peviere Had employed one William Breedlovfo' to pope asauBxample of hia oures, ,but incon tinently he iefusedrtp pay the confederate fn»3 ISxsierviee.- 'vHaeed, wKeiiTBreeaioTO insisted -on £ 's full ifetaiuiiig *se : this ''elder : dissembled his l'uve by knocking him down and otherwise paying hands upon him; the issue of which ^usaction was that on Christinas Eve he bngrMi the .first 30 days at the stoneyard, to which, righteous doom .he was sentenced by Judge Ken ton. ;; . - ... , 