OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (FbOM OUR OW" COIEO'ONDt2cD.T.) Tuesday, June 15. Town is already beginning to ill with country visitors for the jubilee, and it will undoubtedly be the uttermost point of magnificent display-the top notchl. Tihe plumbers, gasfitters, and all tradesmen in those and kindred lines, are netting a harvest. The action of the Railway de partment in the matter of cheap fares isn't at all up-to-date, and everyone who has friends in the country joint their chorus of dissatisfaction, which is echoed by tihe tradespeople of Melbourne. Can Mr liatlieson be tihe heaven-born financier he was said by competent authorities to be P Of ntire designs of illumination there is verily no end. The Block is a waving ocean of fairy lights, their swaying reveal ing different episodes in the reign of Her Majesty. Photographers and painters have done a roaring Idiz., the canvas of the jubilee 10 years ago attracting great attention. Another painting new to this colony has its constant knot of spectators, viz., the Tichlborne Trial. It covers an immense amount of space, and is said to hlave turned up 70,000 guineas during its exhibition ill American cities. Speaking of photography, a naughty tale is told of the bold, bad, Rontgen rays. At a recent " Ihupper succle" exhibition a leading society beauty inadvertently stepped between tihe lets and the screen, when, to hler horror and fhe secret delight of tile assembled Johlnnies, there appeared on thie screen an exact presentment of the lady in the costume worn by Eve previous to the fig-leaf era. Tle Xrays takes no stock of such trifles as dress. It is said tllat tile young lady in question discusses thie advance of photographic science only with her dearest female friends. It was thlought that the days of opera comique were gone, for, except the " Beg. gar Student," we have had no comic operas for along time. Next week we are to have quite a feast, "The Gondoliers" being announced, and its pretty music and superb scenery will be a treat, while " The Grand Duchess " will be on at the Queen's (late Alexandra) Theatre. There has long been a Labor paper threatened, but somehow or other it never comes off. The only labor paper published some time past was the WYorker, which has given up the ghost some time since. Politics don't pay journalistically appa rently, for the Clhamition has been ab sorbed by the Sun, the society paper another combination of politics and " small talk." The illustrious andversatile H.H. figures as proprietor, and does the "ink slinging" of the political portion. How are the mighty fallen ! From leader writer in the " house of David," to opinion maker for Johnny, of Toorak. Poor Marshall Hall! Not content with music, hie must try the sister art of poesy. And the newspaper critic laughed glee fully, took off his coat, spat on his hands, and demolished the pro's. pet phrases and wildness of diction with a fiendish gusto. The wording was a bit queer; for instance, "limpit " height he thought to be a little joke of the printer, but it isn't. Just what it all means nobody knows, and no body cares particularly, so there really isn't much need for the anger of the poetic professor. The eyes of the people are on the Working Ment's College, anid it is one of our finest institutions. Thie teachling of practical and technical tradesmanship is more valuable than even a knowledge of history and grammar, and if we are to im prove our youths we want it, not only in the Working Men's College, but in the schools. Even there we are told the at tendance isn't what it ought to be. Our present Minister of Education is famous for two things-the loudest lough in Par liament, and the teaching of our boys to sew. If they were all going to be tailors this would be a gdod idea, but in the case of farming districts, if that hIour was devoted to teaching the best systems of dairying, the result would be gratifying. That is how Denmark is uppermost in dairying, and Germany is great in manu. factures. The days of fossil knowledge are going fast, and for thie people the sooner tile better. No doubt Sir George, who intends doing the " eontinong," will pick up some ideas in this. 