NOVEL. A Judicial Error. By Marian Manville Hope. CHAPTER II. — (Continued. ' Why, Caleb !' she had exclaimed, 1 what is the matter P Are you ill P' Perceiving that her brother hardly ap peared to hear her. but brushed past and hurried towards his room, Catherine who was by that time thoroughly alarmed, fol lowed, and entered immediately behind him. Donald Matheson was sitting in an easy chair beside a table, on which stood a student's lamp with a very powerful burner. The room was large and rather bare, Uttered with books and papers, with a long, wide, high benoh, built to fit the entire eastern end, in which were two broad windows. Upon this bench stood various strange-shaped glass instruments for the demonstration of chemical and scientific tests ; in one corner was a large electric battery with ingenious mechanical contrivances for the direct application to the human Bystem of a then comparatively un known force. The room was evidently a laboratoiy, and in it the two young men, both recent graduates in medicine and surgery, passed much of their time, outside of office hours, in those experiments which were in. the line of their studies, for both were of decided scientific bent. Off thia room opened another large chamber used as a sleeping-apartment, and accessible only through the laboratory. As the strong Ught of the lamp on the table fell upon Caleb, young Dr. Matheson, who was read- . ing, flung down his book and sprang to his feet. ' Good God, Caleb ! are you hurt P' It was then for the first time that Catherine Newal discovered that the long light- oolored spring overcoat worn by her brother was covered with splashes of blood. There were bloody finger-marks on the left sleeve, and a large splash on the left lapel had dripped a little down the silk facing and ended abruptly against the inner coat, which it had not stained. Touching this mark with a horrified finger, Catherine had recoiled with a shriek. The stain was fresh, and the blood not yet dry. Pushing his friend into the chair he had vaoatfd, Dr. Matheson hurriedly examined him, expecting to find a wound from which these sanguinary stains had come. But this investigation showed that young Newal was unharmed, though altogether unable to account for the blood upon his overcoat. Meanwhile Catherine had alarmed her mother and sister, and all had gathered fearfully around Caleb, questioning him and imploring him to explain his condition. ThiB might have been goiug on for some thing like half an hour, when the bell below was violently rung, and almost immediately thereafter, without waiting to be announced, Mr. Baxter rushed up the stairs and burst impetuously into the room. He was a young inan, not more than two or three years older than Caleb (who was twenty-five), and had been for over a year paBtor of the Zion church. A certain degree of intimacy naturally existed between the young minister and the son of the house, but for some unknown reason Dr. Matheson, who was very deoided in his likes and dislikes, had \- never entertained any friendship for Mr. Baxter, and did not hesitate to pronounce him a hypocrite, who did not believe what he preached. From him the horrified com pany first learned of the murder of their old ' ' neighbor in the presence of those unaccount able blood-stains now turned to damning evidences. It was noticeable that at the news, or almost immediately after the minister's entrance, Caleb seemed for the first time to realize the situation and to recover from the lethargy in which he had previously been plunged. His mother, who had sprung from Quaker stock and who still lapsed into the Friends' form of speech in moments of strong excitement, clasped her hands, and cried, in a trembling voice, — 'Caleb, my son, my son! whose blood is that upon tby coat, ? To whioh Caleb had answered, proudly, 4 As God hears me, mother, I do not know. My hands are clean. I have committed no crime.' 'I believe thee, I believe thee ; but where hast thou been, my son, and how did thee ' come by these bloody witnesses ?' ' I know no more than you do, mother, lj called upon Mr. Atterly at about eight .<vV ' o'clock, remaining with him perhaps twenty minutes, pehaps half an hour : I cannot say just how long. Mr. Baxter was there. We came away together, leaving him in his usual health and strength. My God ! who could have done this hellish deed ?' ' That is true, Mrs. Newal. Caleb found me there, and we walked as far as the gate together. After that I left him and made a call upon the Broadbents, a little way beyond. They nave a siok child, and I had promised to drop around earlier in the day. Then I went across the fields to the tow-path and walked a mile or so along it.' ' On that side of the canal ?' inquired Dr. Matheson, dryly. Certainly not,' retorted the minister, with some warmth. ' considering the fact that the tow-path. is on this side of the water. ' Oh ! You neglected to mention having eroosed the bridge. For a moment Mr. Baxter look confused. Then he ignored the remark, and inquired, — ' Did you come home immediately after I left you, Caleb?' _ Why, yes — I— I — came home.' He put his hand to his forehead for a moment, as if trying to recollect, drawing the fingers down tightly over his eyes in a movement that had been peculiar to him since childhood. As he did so the bloody gripping hand upon his left coat-sleeve was plainly visible. ' Yes, I came home,' he repeated, but the voice was not resolute and positive. The little family oirole looked shrink iDgly at itself and imme- ' diately averted its eyes. ' I should destroy that coat,' said Mr. Baxter, warningly, when taking his leave. ' And if the subject should come up you can all three— you can all four testify that he returned immediately after I left him at the gate. God would forgive you for'?so good a lie.' Sir,' oried Dr. Matheson, hotly, 4 Caleb is not accused of murder. When he is, it will not even then be time to resort to lies. He has nothing to conceal.' ' Very likely, very likely,' aequiesoed Mr. Baxter, taking no notice of the young physician's anger. 4 1 only suggest the ounce of prevention, for the pound of oure might be awkward. But before midnight Caleb Newal had been accused of murder, arrested, and im prisoned. The newspapers of that section and the New York and Philadelphia dailies declared he had been taken red-handed in his guilt. Six weeks later he was tried, con victed upon overwhelming ciroumstantial evidence, and sentenced to death. The plea of temporary insanity had been rejected as scornfully by Caleb himself as it had been by the community. With the exception of that one night, no one had ever seen Caleb Newal evince the slightest unusual indication that could be construed as evidence of aberration, and this had been noticed only by his family and his bosom friend, all of whom would oheerfully have laid down their lives to prove him innocent. Even the minister, who had seen him immediately after the crime had been presumably com mitted, and at the hour when, as his friends had sought to establish, he had given evidence of mental disturbance, testified regretfully that he had himself observed nothing unusual in the unfortunate young man beyond the natural agitation of suoh an Occasion. ' The defence,' said the prosecuting attorney, ironically, cis trying to set up the usual plea behind whioh so many criminals seek refuge. It has always been astonishing to me how sane persons can belief e that some other sane person may become insane just long enough to commit some atrocious orime, never having shown the slightest indication of mental disturbance at any other period of life, before or after. There is not the faintest shadow of evidence to sustain this plea in the case under trial.' And so, indeed, it seemed. No human soul was discovered who oould testify to Caleb Newal's whereabouts or conduct during that fatal eighty minutes whioh elapsed from the time when he had parted from Mr. Baxter at the Atterly gate to the time when he had been seen by the bridge- tender five minutes before his return home. To the exact hour whioh left thi9 damning gap of time his mother and sisters and friend proudly united in their testimony. To all questions concerning where he had been or what he had done Caleb himself had only answered, sadly and resignedly,— ' I don't know.' In less than six months from the date of the orime the sentenoe of death had been executed. ' So sharp and swift and sure is Jersey justioe,' said the proseouting attorney, proudly. CHAPTER III. As may be imagined, no stone had been left unturned by the friends and attorney of the accused man during the interval which preceded his trial. Nothing was left undone, but absolutely no clue had been discovered that in the slightest degree lightened the mystery attending the unaccounted-for crime. No one but the dead man and his murderer knew the circumstances, and if Caleb was the murderer he was as silent as the dead man himself concerning it. Dr. Matheson had neglected his practice to search for evidence whioh should clear his friend, and during the months of anguish and suspense before the trial and after, pre vious to the execution of the sentenoe, he had been the solace and stay of the prisoner and his half-crazed mother and sisters. It therefore occasioned but little surprise when it was suddenly announced the day following the execution that he had given up his office and rooms in town and had removed to the Manor, where, at the request of Mrs. Newal, he bad consented to establish himself in her dead son's rooms. The doctor's sign was suspended upon one' of the massive stone posts at the end of the massive stone posts at the end of the drive way, and thereafter the wing formerly oc cupied by the son of the house became the home of his bosom friend. Lights were visible in this portion of the Mane at all hours of the night, and until the doctor's sudden removal became generally known these midnight lamps excited a great deal of comment and conjecture among the passers- by, the most superstitious deolaring that the ghost of Caleb Newal haunted his beloved laboratory at night and continued after death those experiments which had been dear to the unhappy young man in life. Others, more practical, averred that the afflicted mother and sisters walked those floors in their misery, and color was given to this view of the case by the statement of the servants, who had told their friends that in their belief no one ever slept in the house, for beds were untouched in the morning, and the servants themselves wore often awakened by the sound of groans and cries in the still hours, and hurrying footsteps hastening about the house upon unknown errands. All this excited a great deal of sympathy and compassion for the afflicted household, but all outward demonstrations of it were haughtily declined. From the moment that the execution had actually taken place, Mrs. Newal and her daughters, and Donald Matheson as well, seemed to regard every one in the community, with two exceptions, accessory, by compliance at least, to an un- just execution. These two exceptions were Absolute Johnson and Margaret Both well, the latter a young woman whom it was gen erally supposed Caleb would some day have married had he lived and had all gone well with him. All the Manor romances had fallen under the blight of its tragedy. The minister and Dorothy, the dootor and Catherine, were no longer light-hearted young folk whom rumor mated in advance of their arrangements. The dootor, in spite of the fact that he was now the daily companion of the woman he loved, had rather the man ner and bearing of a careworn, broken hearted man than of a happy lover. The minister shared too evidently in the Manor miseries to admit of any doubt ; while the mental condition of the two young women could only be surmised. No friends other than the two exceptions noted were admited to the old home. Its inmates shunned for mer acquaintances of both sexes, and when two or three of the more intimate of their girl friends, who had hitherto been received almost as members of the family, were per sistently denied admittance, even their, de termination not to let the innocent family of a guilty man suffer for his sin was aban doned The big iron gate, which had hitherto been always hospitably open, and which had not been closed in the memory of the younger generation, had its rusty iron hinges oiled, and was not only closed but padlocked. And then, greatly to their consternation and affliction, the two house-servants were dis missed, and only old Andy, who acted in the double capacity of gardener and coaobman, retained. Even he was not allowed, to re main upon the place overnight, but at nine o'clock Dr. Matheson came regularly to the gate and grimly looked him out. Andy, who was very deaf, and who had been in the ser vice of Caleb's father as a young man, was grievously afflicted at this seeming lack of confidence in himself, whioh he considered was ill justified by his many years of fidelity to the house. But as he was husband to Ann the cook, and as Mrs. Newal had told her when dismissing he from the place that her wages would be oontinued and she would be called upon for service when required, they took a little house upon the outskirts of the town and continued to regard themselves aB the servants of the Manor. Once a week Ann went back to clean up the kitchen, com plaining bitterly because she was not allowed to remain, but was treated like a stianger. During the week Andy brought her the wash and such other work as was portable, like coarse sewing and mending. She oontinued to bake bread and cake and to do the paBtry- oooking for the Manor, and, as the excellence of her work has long been renowned in the piece, this baking gradually extended until Bhe did a thrifty little bnsiness for the better class of the townspeople, and oame to regard her dismissal from confining house service as a blessing in disguise, after all. A wire had been strung along from the front gate to the side porch, and attaohed to bell-pull on this by an ingenious oontrivanoe of the dootor's was a hammer whioh fell heavily upon a good-sized bell. This bell, selected out of deference to Andy's fogged hearing, gave forth a deep tone like a small churoh bell, whioh in faot it was and by reason of the automatic movement of the hammer it oould only be tolled slowly by the moBt im patient ringer. One pull released a clock- like mechanism whioh caused the hammer to fall five times with intervals between. This tolling, floating over the quiet fields and penetrating to the streets of the town, had a weird and solemn effect, proceeding as it did from that afflicted houBe. It seemed to ring the knell of all the hopes that household had ever entertained. It tolled for the young life out. off so abruptly. Its melancholy melody contrasting with the cheerful tinkle of the mule-bells on the oanal was like the deep tolling of a bell for passing souls in the midst of the light affairs of life. It was so isolated, so mysterious, so 8 part from the world, teat its sound grew to have the same effeot upon iti hearers that a convent bell has, heard suddenly by some traveller climb ing a mountain in ignoranoe of the high retreat whence that ringing proceeds. People in the little town looked at each other, and said, softly, ' The Manor bell,' and listened t . and sighed. The captain of the canal boat who ow.ed the leaky key bugle forbore to repeat his cavalry call if the Manor bell struok while he was passing, and one of the dogs — for among other innovations introduced the week after the execution had been two fierce watch- dogs —never became reconciled to it, and being nnable to adjust its tones to bis hearing and ideas of harmony, invariably sat upon end with nose pointed heavenward and howled his disapproval at every stroke. By reason of the faot that Dr. Matheson, despite his manifest indifference to an extensive practice, had always been regarded as a man of brilliant ability and exceptional skill, his old patients clung to him or came back after brief desertion, and new ones were added, so that the bell was frequently heard, thongh never with any satisfaction by at least one of its critical guardians. The plaoe itself sat intrenched behind its high stone wall and padlocked gate like a prison, and any passer-by whose curiosity prompted him to stop for a moment at night and peer through the dividing bars was speedily rendered un comfortable by tee angry barks and chok ing sniffings of the two surly- tempered wardens. At first no one knew just what disposition had been made of Caleb Newal's remains. It was rumored about the jail that his body had been bequeathed to Dr. Matherson years before, after the fashion of medical students, who delight to shock their friends by callous indifference to boiling and scraping and wir ing as applied to their own anatomy. In any event, the coffin had been placed in a light spring wagon driven by Dr. Matheson himself and attended by no one but bis own - man. It was known to have been taken straight to the Manor and conveyed into the house, but after teat no one had ever 9eem it issue from the gate. No grave had been ordered to be prepared in the country cemetery where all the Newals had been buried. To all inquiries the dootor had made but one reply : ' The time and plaoe of burial have not yet been deoided upon, but the funeral will be strictly private.' After Andy and his wife had taken up their abode in town, it transpired teat tbeir young master had been interred tbat night in the Manor garden, in a gave dug by Andy himself under a magnolia tree. The servants did not seem to understand that they had been sworn to any secrecy in the matter, and it was generally considered improbable that the family had intended to oast any mys tery around tee interment, other than that rigid privacy whioh seemed suited to the sad tragedy of the case. As the Manor was outside the city limits, and as many old families had private burial-grounds upon their own estates, no comment was aroused by the knowledge. Even had it been un lawful, it is doubtful if any action would have been taken by the authorities, bo deep was the sympathy of the communtity for the surviving members of the family. But it seemed from the disconnected accounts given by the two faithful old ser vants that it had been a solemn burial they had witnessed that night under the magnolia- tree. No one was present beside the doctor, Absolute J ohnson, an d the feeble old man, long retired from active ministry, who had performed the ceremony of marriage for the second Newal, christened the third, and now pronounced a few words in a broken and trembling voioe over the dishonored remains of the man who bad been the innocent child in his arms so few years before. Mr. Baxter had been confined to his bed for a week pre ceding the execution, and the old clergyman had been summoned from his distant home by Caleb's family. Having been delayed by an acoident, he had arrived too late to per form any office other than that of commit ting the body to the grave. Bote Ann and Andy, who were stanch Catholics, were lond in their denunciation of Mr. Baxter. According to their ideas, he had deserted their master in his need. They were equally loud in praise of their own priest, who, in the absence of other clergy, had administered such comfort as might be given to a man in extremity who was not a son of the Church. At the last, when the coffin had been borne from the house to the grave by the two faithful friends of the dead man, aided by Andy and the dootor's man, it had been fol lowed only by the aged clergyman, and the little procession had stumbled through the darkness, guided by the single lantern left standing upon the pile of fresh-turned earth. The mother and sisters had been too much overcome to accompany that pitiful little cortege, and Dorothy and Ann had been obliged to administer restoratives to Mrs. - Newal, whom Ann described as having been white and rigid as the dead during the time her son's body was being carried away. Catherine had not even come down or been present when the brief prayer was offered in the big candle-lighted room where the Eng lish portraits looked on with stiff-necked dis approval ; in a hurried trip up-stairs after the camphor- bottle Ann had heard her sob- bing and praying and moaning in her brother's room. The faithful woman had been sent away tee next day, heart- broken at leaving them in such stress, and describ ing the whole household as being on the verge of madness. All these details had added to the grisly interest surrounding the place ; but wheh in the course of the follow ing week the misery and mystery were pad- looked a way from the publio, surmise and curiosity could only feed upon outside imagination. The Manor seemed to be in a state of siege against the world, resenting the injustice whioh had deprived it of its young master. (TO BE OONTINUBD.) v 