■ FRENCH REPUBLICANISM. " France has probably had enoiigh of austere people.. The "austere" Jules Grevy who'dragged the Presidency into the mire was the first start of the Third Republic. Gambetta, to do him justice, preferred exquisite cigars and truffles to preaching without practice. If ho were alive now this hideous Panama ghost would have been laid. At the moment of writing I can only speak of it as a series of rehearsals for a coming national drama. M. Naquet is in London, broken-hearted and ill. As in Tool's " Thumping Legacy," he has asked the president of the inquiry committee. whether he will wait till he comes. Several deputies are imprisoned or out on bail, or carefully shadowed. The Palace Bourbon is now a beehive of detectives. "Why not ? M. Floquet, its former President, deceased, shared the fate of " Hunipty-Dumpty " for Punama sharp practice to the tune of ] 500,000 francs. M. Augusts Burdeau, former Minister of Finance, who died in the Presidential harness of the Chamber, nnd who had a national funeral, is now known to have accepted 50,000 francs for working up the Panama report. His widow and sistor-iudaw, a lovely Creole, obtained a larger pension than is ac corded to tho widow of a marshal of France. The speeches at his funeral would have been fulsome even in tho case of a great public benefactor. Edouard Droumont was imprisoned for three months for daring to hint that M. Bur deau was not a man of screaming integ rity. It is not surprising to find him jubilant to-day, and suggesting the gruesomecompensation of publicly exhum ing the remains of this pseudo- Aristides. A sculptor was prepariug a monument I for him, but this has been counter manded. To be candid, French Republican life is in a bad way. People naturally want to know what will he the end of it. : The first real cataclysm will be some | show of disdainful irritation on the part j of Russia. If Panama goes on etfervesc»: j ing the Presidential visit to Russia will lapse. The promised visit of the Czar and Czaritza to Compcigne, although friendly and incognito, will also risk abandonment. Nicholas II. is very anxious to see the old i Napoleonic home prepared for the Empres3 Louise by her amorous husband. Once more the Schonbrunn Avenue with its green kisoques will be trimmed. The sleepy Imperial borough, will wake up, there will he plays in the theatres and battuos in the forest. The disap pointment, therefore, will he terriblo if I tho festivities do tiot come off. The French army is evidently in a state of partial disorganisation. This does not so much refer to the national defouee as to the capricious changes which every Minister of "War feels bound to associate with his term of office. The English journalist and observer has during the last 15 years seen:—1. Drums abolished by General Farre ana instantly restored by General Thibandin, a dreadful person amongst military martinets. 2. Bou langer, who wa3 always popularity struck, allowed the soldiers' beards "to push." He also had the sentry-boxes painted in red, white and blue stripes. He tried to cheer the hearts of the grumbling reservists as they hobbled bag in hand to the station by music. His I successor deprived the' sentry-boxes of | their stripes^ told the "piou-pioii" to shave, stopped the band of music, and so the cussedness had gone on. Now General Billot is making a marked effort to re* store the grand old grade of marshal | without the appellation. This, of course meets with tremendous opposition. It is undoubtedly a move in the direction of that Imperial army framework which gave to France a Bngeaud, a Caurobert, and a Macmahon, withou^ counting a Bazaine and a Loboeuf. The fact is that General Billot, though a staunch servant of his country, is not of a pronounced Republican temperament. Ho feels, with many of the older generals, that tho army is becoming vulgarised. The pro motions are mysterious and founded upon political influences. There is a distinct envy between the old and the new schools. No war is likely. Yet tho mere prelimi naries to mobilisation would in the present stats of things be a peril which one does not like to contemplate. correspondent of the " Sydney Morning Herald." . 