I THE JULY MAGAZINES. IT BLACKWOOD- MAGAZINE he honors of Shem must it sent: be relegated to the category of employ superstitions Judging from Mr J Simpson's article- in tins magazine, must intently with intimate knowledge of t count the prison system of "-joint li mail emerged from the stage of birth (has ever! connect passes through) it runs on it make-, the coin lit s pumps incur an education aNo civilised nation in spite hits this mail but KIL sin is least to be at edited 11 with in intelligent ; turnips There are three periods to a cc at sentence during the first of not only is he bill passed to the full rigour of ion to-day limekilns near led It suite 12 months mu lit occupied out mirth he often makes it the pain -felt ment be us to pass dived into the second reformation stage coach inn list from time-, to two years Ihuiifitr be inters I third pounds is a free contains much to be unmolested outside the prison either in but it! is or 111 his own board pic enter himself has to perform his bird thou His pal ite mond is I returned to him 11 he was not!, a privilege which income for the numerous cortege of ! during 101 pardons which accompanies the pn one into exile the man of 0 100 course north mine Till crosses the confine- of "? le. 11 is followed by motliLi irmvofloiei limited and friends numbering 0 700 I nilonbtidh the most able in 1 literal sense of all the correspondents who 1 coin) lined the Turkish unit! in lins 1 is Mr L A Stevens He is in 1 111 min 1 friend of the Turk- but 1 tin and! friend, met loneliness and place- nil engineer from ne s and most evenly ended in pursuit! because the Turks all sIon line is slipper heel on it ith - ring it n predicted with the calmness, of merit lb net nutt sit-Ah Menus that they may 1 districts 1 look who have never t m I clip being the engineer disciplined and equipped force- of (met Sub quart] I deem s unit 111- volunteer is iii of mention that missing man -James A o IMiltlt much because the (works 111 til my name but 11111 in in a win 18th until - omit all mention strikes the happy 1111111 - In truth the 1 Turkish train was neither tin in a tin other It is just too unlucky to do just what it did It could fine the ( inks before it but it could no di ties than It ill on the C deck- binns it is 1- 111 unit! of Israel men it failed t di shot him because it n t m 11 mi of bl other The st elements " to the softening of the man with (ennui officers are dismiss by Line lonLributor as nonsensical Grant n Pi In 1 ( ennui -think of milk is said to have been called inspector of differ! for the links, but held no excess tin remain 1 He gave -some time 1 tin trimming, of the campaign which am not going ally followed, this went, back to ordinary mli I treating him. ek latest returns positively, there was no Music ( term in office other than the rich tin in rich 1t1dt110Lorr1pomlc.it all the lavish use it but snide moment of the line within Uni then been that in a spirit of the Turks mud 1 line blister tin upraising of the first 1111 ton The men had not been Hiilliuinth ( immunised to learn lion tolireiollci mil 1 all) ciel of 1 meet ruling last Their t it and the fort in the -centre 1 1 listening to 1 -kiiini-lnnp line any charity if come like the more it has an is that a bulli 1 unit! which may stand up to be shot it belts 1 had! led uni! ulm 11 may not The ball is too much must be a bit test side, sat an the oil humoured tin at Peel bills is 4 in man who ran to dine at 1 lit ml obey orders He I feel is not been used dishonest, Intel beat 111 1 as he 11 to 1 till 11 Athous untill-, for limit men deputy of "nine s -impUbi 1- 1 11-, 1- be that the Huon, line has in He I am if Mubi ideas both Ali Aniluit -Uni. s i-pccillitioiis upon the town 1, hus- Ghost, and PllllCL tin at 141 Fiji is one of cricket team mills A h mu iii have already been dead in his He was Coticeriune iii ith i . relative 111 mont mons conti 1 billen items LORd Hill unions -met earnings He is pub I ml of tin paid of the gum, line e nth column is the holy people who had. little liken it up 111 ignorance of its history -traditions and spirit he the bete then deficiencies supplied in this all point it is to be, in til es I idle-' golf, but 11-13' is the political associated for the truth championship pin-nuturiilli if, t- i c and b Ikin in a- line been lengths time 1 to and the remains but the odds, distinguishing the fm competitors) their Chi -of 111 mines Act is that a very be toiling habit contracted by the reporters of -1 L of mt, of the paper as in own, homes, or 1 season, without the Mass of Miss 'mi It is Lang who knows Turkey of oil capitals upon the Armenian comes (inclining to the news that the Suit in is rather 1 (her e than in assassin ), and in the eoneIiis.it 11 that the administer the littleness if the letter is not past winch w whether he will find him) he leaves it to- date is pi skirting at ment to 1 a ii if definite pointed out 1- tin at abolishment of a council of upon a lb ABILENE in their action of the tx stir,, in him interludes limb that I cheeks pink. Al for II and sits upon the time need, not to the lot of 111 it I n 1 into and 1 u the tribute to the late Mr. Obi h m am of the latest in I 111 t valu able of its contribute as the author of 1 the same past in the press h filed in books 1 On State- is due at of the incidence of the third unit dist s uni as as it is ml until capitalism in which she it is less ki and to the public inasmuch is the great part of such making 11 is most! mons line is he intruded upon the scene describE 1 - More than half a 0 near the Al, OF plant is a nun e. j i f against ible bl 1 in I it mise was NI li tin (street Delta nimbin "h her are the third ailment if Lluisteiphu North '-mill issue is a line- an I happy neck till d ) hu 111 li um ' su 1 th sin lib) little him that he it is id du suit, one who more than in other was I 111 uni 1111 means at their union n- I I disbelief when ml tofinlthiiiiiiiune, rt o h 1 lil in his 1 in its " t ,," eventful mines she was ill ch m 11 " Inliutiii nhill short It has just Christmas I mile for the main 1 able manner 111 noun I is in girl but the S M,", of ( Id, 1 kilt r and the faithful love of brilliants ii I t- t -finish till 11 3 continue the tonne, in 1 In pi it was of which is prison said t ml which is mu ill too f s 1" one of his fullest pp nts published in the sp piLes sin more Ali soul is a little f h I Hut in the end this is both the li 1 that she "I, it I at m be set free from He girl p in his third.- [ hue in th sUit si m I 11 a friend of many years ah) inch during, the list and did what I am of an boys one of mt Union 11 dating I reason at -all tin I it her he heard I and the form in the ebb late hut in length as it w i- mill In- 1 pitiful carried -a unit! mill filth that she raisins 1 himself t ) I ' COSVtOI 01 IS TO tin- a visit Prof. in Asia Alulki disc units and) in losing by a high i ill r loose!, used term he design its kings quoins, and even such completely small fly is raining side 1 must his or iles tins There is a difference, which he is quick to note, between those born nival all those who have only be come so 'the professor is not the hut to estimate how natural!, . nitrogen sits upon the British Queen His manner used to be compared of wounds mills that of Louis Philippe and his f easily, although line- 1m; age is undoubted enough i 1 French friend of profit- or Mux Aliilki s Eisenberg the contrast being made between the Queen and the Empress language when they entered the PirisOtmd Optra side by) side in 1922 and bowed to the applause Did you not obtain and the duralumin ' June the 1 impress looked round to has it there was a hair for her before she sat down' but your Quinine bom Queen-st down without looking She 1 is a limit must In there, as early its she is Queen of 1 England ' Most of the pin season is giving this month is of his little in the state outside Dosser and its lukis pumps who cast it in their pedigree from the in- est at Bill,, to Albrecht tin that Maikgiave of lliaiiikiibiirg in 11 H the record of the line is good, and the flukes seem to have been trtdtbouully the fatima j and friends of their simple and total subjects Mr George Moore who e fine belief is that of the only contribution i lea chbor nie analysis of Herbert s Talduiitiou -sentiment are profiting it with a letter tion much to the point in that regard has not produced to sign novelists is hive 1 France and Russia that unlike English poetry 1 noble action he- could 1 ned itself much!, with seton his wife-to-be in- -a way of entire nation is politic- Ali Hum Norman interprets the D minor Jubilee as 1 proud demonstration to the world at large by the British people which known that of late years it- diplomatic prestige his diminished It has sat still insisted while weak Foreign Minister proved a put unworthy of the (men behind him [Mr \01111m 1 cannot receive Lord "-141 hours for falling to do -me Hung tremendous during the day' on a ] It is- llend insult- even then it- binds! about against 1 It is an listened to rumours that -after the Jubilee 1 hostile combination was to be developed against it very well the enthusiasts of the Diamond Jubilee at- its use in this connection Ali Sunni tied his time 1 ilisitngmshed or feel suggested to him is 1 gund j ii e that the lost men at a 11 is sembled at Spithead should all -be out of the Cli mine after the army with sealed orders The HI uk of near trawling 1 took would rained daily suffer would be in quietly, On mother tope-Cuín Hu- writes strongly inclines to the spin in the main in intervened 11 1- imminent and is much is stated that the new United "States Alan ted to "9, am ( one 1! Wood found his head in true as) to inspire a upon tin M ulm) Authorities the minor bills pin pool 01 tin Ainctum t operations Hills i From my first try claimed by the Daily tin ore I and could be fed but Mt Nor man evidently believe- it -In this number At Inks I critic writes instinctively upon the Pin 1-1111 Unities ml Mrs William rent doe- the sum owing for the ng short age in her milk is for the most put i vi uni appreciation of Ali Punios latest pin, Uti Prints- and salt buttered. ' HEIFERS II IGIZINI" in the sketches of the institute Parliament which he is placing before Amend in tender. Ali 1 V 0 Colinen mites with out a trace of ill nature 01 partisanship borne of the Hmas he -11. though one rather seriously ning as for example, that it Louis assistant, whom elderly man as a member as silently and fragile is his nephew, Mr Balfour now approaches 13st in weight Almh is -ml 111,011 the matter of his watch pin, as even pile Itnons an important part in Hit um, written Britisher constitution ! In In t in in to defy him v cations by appearing in His House of Commons iii 1 to the need hit w as it set in John Martin in rich in men who after wards followed Mitchel mt transport it is not how it is- 1 puny benefit f( 1 ml living in this we add our li is a tradition in the finish that the SpcUtr of tin in (little Air M Little of an institute iii I greatly terrorists are with him but the Irishmen -til to his 15 acres Allot bel number (kit met in the sum much w 17 Island I then From so do (I, related a 11 prominent living in Austrian plants that Mr f) Connor a pen and ink portrait is north quoting I I was when I knew him had his is b 1 pilot and spoke almost in the war In it is 1 artist's li lation ml on offer woman red hot he mild nature in live at all so Hun was He thread I), which h seemed to hold on to his list he was 11 even here and thoughts icvohiiionnii firm John Martin the use of a lighted" -toil His father had him and of the most of 11 in. Lombliants 111 the days of what is know 11 in Irish history as the lithe War 1 Brother linton labor, had been the wish t he most daring spirits of 184N mother Ixiitlm had a small rebellion iii He cut, di,- 1 vustialii-lost an um this but in qu at times beuimi-.peil 11 at 1 li.t-liiiiti ml now stands in sitting in 11 like iii 1 Mills nun (sic) street Full 11 ! J lim tin ore hills I am now spoil its' best for! his in 11 used only in his e. islands though it iii put up bending-the ave- of Un Hiern ink ! ntl 1 all the memories ii le at el I 11 t I I wish High to kill him tin 1 finding of tin dish Hu Hillturn Huston of the days Hide ft out Win cluster to (the Cork in she. is ill minim!, md with gun -pim 1, differed south then iron it is built > Hit -i off of the of minds civ fire to the i He shows Ihm, li, quoting other in case and, in the one side He "-ItcMi I in len in" the- HUN uni repairing to W 1-hiUr.toii In , result of a md His -timing impril li unity But he is. Ills Islllllt ill-will I III, till I Illicit! late ' grace it, would vision in 111 in upon troops who back up, with their i e I the- men. It was on his in it but when till nearly twenty and- Mom li - < um i nil sent "-for me no kind of his men lung,. but not taken it daylight, worsted and dunn in leave it 1 fun begin with I am not gallop, which the writer Love who . li it I it, can describe graphically the growing. evidence of disaster encounters I am mile, the chair shout of the "mc of rain swept put well given of fugitives him li has been fire in the i iv the delighted cries of "shearing' which in send him, and Hu insisted I iv in w ii t h defeat as toned, I Hilo upon all this told in Dilli, and it is a matter what!, he 14 I etc Ding Here I- demi ii I of still - p i Hue of "sin t id in as he rob- Mr eyes had sought his final me, on points, and made no head high with hope at "hit I was line is in -all!) t on his hands i i in the girl " -of late, in life it veil in stone in I iii -tin fill' it I him I had seen in his- pain mu lil of the Inn on other in India In this, ing greatest of- " is that a " the late. Mr Du Manner - n I Hu Altitun ration. to be! in His mind of Hi too I met with he r a of the licensed fully lime w n ballast if it but (neither in Inn in I Mr PtUiltne, largely i not miss him Mr Allan ' a quiet spin Unit Man's fun, dealing this time with Vic it I'll!, Mill MlCl/IN! Ali J Holt Nhiohng is a mi u milk a pinch but ting an- end The rain then knit k in a king station ii in for null, m Hill 11 at mg In an- article line uni Now in this 111.1-M/iiu he pursuits 111 with 1 it is to strike the ear a long sums not uni, 111- m witness the passing of the usual thing this time 1 empire in s 7 am is 17 I In den Hill nonpolitical. the man 1-1 in run at the laid in 1 of the Dupin. the northern I. union and in my other white- man and to iinph<i*i*fil putt. 11th in black and, in, the p hall at our 11 line 01 In I not be the one class it Him iii The sum Inn UKI name- iii I mine mill AA it,- in IMI bad insisted I to JD masons he lay in his unit. tins! 100 ml, first units had -11 bank to-day during the mine pencil Hut Air St hooting n 01 ks out an urge and he left it and urge attention li the depopulation til the line continues in this late lit the it is 117th the island may hold perth 1000 000 ports only by their 170 the Irish population nil In 11 Inn is to hand An itittilmgh tUiidne under sketch of I 11, of Virgil." i- begIns mouth In Mr Hum I mill It brings List- In a thus far, able to, -think, mi-, I his inspiration and tin high -, n-, of their -hair minuted the brilliant -sister who had the ( outside pile mini- in the tail of 11 tin mining King angle-), of the -11111n.br at App in That although selling him in. a 1-, m 11 id, Time t This line the bulk need of a thousand deaths After the last gun li it sounded "lit resumed in the bille college life in the mills! of A again, then- to find the (infilling sol ne of 1 deeph abattoirs incline I like,' luiliiliinlh iii over to his (toil, and as presided of the. Washington College' to defeat the 1 cm murder of his life to 'bunging Hu declining man lost his ist '" Mary is unionism I still find 1 patent 11 leading to the side t issue If Kemister 1 rebel be in a peculiar)! noble type of the class At the outbreak of the and he is is offered the chief t main mill of the Peace! it Ann!, and it has to be less nihilist that he may from the to list opposed to secession "If I until the four million -but-," he said, "I could give them all for the Union " But Tax it is best of all n Vir gum, nut might not start his st item The horn of trouble 'Ihudoie has resigned his commission in the United States Army, will unite - "With all in devotion to the Union and the feeling of tot he and duty of an Australian citizen, I have not been able to make up all mind. to raise my hand against me rel lines, at children, at home ' 'This instalment of the roll, tion laid 111 amount of the campaign in which he so notable discomfited then pi it helm high' superior forces of iM'Cldhui, raising the head of Ttiihiniind, and Inn but the firing of the Potomac bade him the shares liner -An interesting sketch of the stage during the Victorian cut is contributed by Mr. Frederic W Hill, and this magazine met- him, as usual, a indicative of handsome]) illustrated (actions, arising mind is an inevitable instalment of the late R. L. Stephen son's must not at, "St. lies." 