Haunted House Story. ? COAL-TIIROWING GHOST. A curious haunted house story, comes from Gravesend. Great excite ment, writes a correspondent to the Glasgow ' Weekly Herald,' , was occasioned in Gravesend on Saturday, September 24, by the report of ;an extraordinary occurrence at 26 Wrpt. ham road, a street adjoining the Kent county cricket ground. The house is occupied' by tenement lodgers. A reporter' who made inquiries on Satur day, in the neighbourhood of Wrotham road, heard a number of extraordinary stories of a ghost, mist of whose manifestations occurred in the coal csllnr of the houep. These stories were told by Mr John Reed, a ticket collector : 1 n the South-eastern Rail way, and Mrs Beadle,' both of whom reside in the house. Mrs Beadle stated that as she was sitting in h--r room in the evening she suddenly saw u 'shoal of cinders fall in front of her'window. Thinking that some of lior children had thrown them, she went out to them, but they, told her they had done nothing of the sort. As she was entering the. door again she was startled considerably by a heavy lump of coal falling at her feet from upstairs. Becoming alnrmed at thin extraordinary state of aff&irs;, Mrs Beadle went , to see a. neighbour on the matter. lie armed himself with a revolver, and accompanied her to the house. He went upstairs to see if anv coal wqr knnt'in the li- rl room, and as he was mounting the first few steps a lump fell : heavily just behind him. This so qtartled him that he turned and fled. Mrs Beadle thep sought the advice of other persons living- in the neighbourhood, who suggested that all the lodgers in the house should leave before any thing else happened. One of 'Mr Reed s sons who was more enterprising than the rest, said that he wonlrl try and find the ' ghost,' An soon as he started to go upstairs, however, he was pelted with coal, one nut striking him on the bend. Nothing daunted, die lad called in a couple of com panions, but on opening the door load ing to the stairs the candle he was carrying suddenly . becaras extin guished. Reed addressed the ' ghost,' and asked him to throw the rest of coal if. there was any more left. Hardly were the words out cf his mouth when a shower of conl. was hurled at him, one lump striking him so hoavily on the face that he'^ninted. The reporter was inf -rmod on'^Sntnr day that, although the house has been thoroughly searched noexplanationcan be given of the mystery. Many put these strange manifestations down to practical joking, but the house is so situated that it is difficult t.o accord credence to such a rumour. Hundreds of people visited the place on Satur day, but order was maintained by tlia police. , 