SUNDAY OPENING. To the Editor of "Tho Herald." Sir,— Your correspondent "Libra" asks: "Do the public really want the libraries open on Sunday ?" I leave this question for anyono to answer who possesses tho necessary data. I hope, sir, speaking for tho people, they do deslro the opening of all the Institutions. To think differently would be a covert Insult to the collective Intelligence of the mass. The case cited by "Libra" In your Issue (28th ult.), where forty «'» voted for opening, and ceased to attend after three (3) -mouths, shows au apathetic splrlL " 'Tl true, 'tis pity; and pity 'tis, 'tl true." 1 am uot able to statu positively that, If the. community were divided iuto nlno (3) equal parts— on the opening ques tion — and five (5) such . parts were taken (5-9ths), the "Ayes" would reach the measure or the fraction. Rut, sir. what of that ? The boon (openlug) should be granted at the re quest of a very small minority. The number against the proposal I not Important In the argument. No burning fiscal question Is In volved. It Is not "free-trndu versus protee- tectlon." "The toleration of minorities," says Bin Rnrl nf Ilnnrnvn. "ik n. rpeuenlsed tirltl- clplo with us." "I bfillovo," says the same writer, "Sunday openlug Is advisable In the Interests of the secular wunts of the people, In the interests of religion, nud In thu Inte rests of Sunday as a day of rest." This oplnlou ik about as solid as the ono I quoted In your ihsuo (27th ult.) Ironi Dr Tyndell's Essay on the Sabbath. Mat. Arnold, the ablest of hi day, says a critic, affirms : "Knowing the best that has been known In this world la culture." If these dicta be accepted as sound— and for my part, sir, 1 do not seo where the weak part comes In— how- are tho ctaases referred to by me (27th ulL) to reach this Utopia 7 No ouo can affirm that a knowledge of literature, art, etc., has a ten dency to demoralise, and until such can b shown, there is not tho ghost of a reason far locking up tho treasures. If tbo apathy which seems to characterise a big part ot Christendom continue. 1 fear, sir, the folk re ferred to (Industrial class), will not be able to classify themselves In tho category with the philosopher who said : "I am a contemporary of all ages; a denizen of all countries." Your correspondent "Libra" was mistaken (I think) whan he said books could be obtained from tho libraries free, und read at home. Nothing of tha klml is permissible In any pub lic Rbrurv In tho oltv or suburbs.—! am. etc.. CELSUS. 