SINGULAR GHOST STORY. A correspondent writes to the London Daily News : — The village of Edithweston, about five and a half miles from Stamford, has been the scene of a remarkable and at present unexplained phenomenon, and the whole of the district has been aroused. In one of the houses in the village loud and at limes almost uproarious. noises have been re peatedly heard at all times of the day and night, tho sounds resembling those which would result from the knocking and banging ot doors, and, notwithstanding the fact that the closest investigations have been made by persons of all ranks in society, there is up to the present moment no apparent reason for the noises. The majority of the inhabitants of the village, it would appear, are firmly of opinion that the uounds are of ghostly origin. Thorough and prolonged investigations have been carried out by large nunibeis of people from the village and the adjacent parishes and by many persons from the neighboring town of Stamford. Those investigations have been made, amongst others, by doctors, clergymen, journalists, school masters, laolice officers, and other men who are accustomed to attach to evidence its proper value ; but, although, of course, the solution of the problem may eventually be found to be perfectly natural, the whole affair is up to tlie present moment a complete mystery. The knocks hare. been heard over and over again in broad daylight by groups of men who were standing within a yard or two of the door. Occasionally the sounds would come appa rently from the inside of a small cupboard, which has been opened immediately after wards, but without any discovery to throw light on the remarkable' occurrences. Iu numerous instances the sounds have been heard 150 yards away. It seems to be quite out of the question to believe that the noises are the result of practical joking, or the per petrators must inevitably have been caught before this. One of the doors of the house had recently been varnished, and one day loud and repeated knocks were heard, but the most careful examination immediately afterwards to see if marks could be found on the varnish or on~t!ie wood proved to be futile. The cor respondent interviewed a large number cf the inhabitants of Edithweston and the neighbor hood, and his enquiries clearly show in the first place that nearly every person in tho pariah has heard the knocks over and over again, and in the second place that no one can gi ve a reasonable explanation of them. ' ' There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy.' 