' The Ipw Jlat Coine. _ V (By-Ernest ;Fayene.) ? ; ? ...:j. -,.__?:.: . . ' . ?Dost ever hea£ .the wild fresh sea breeze 'wingin§r- Its boisterous way_'inqng$l creaking masts 'and spars. Do voices haunt thee? 'Canst tlibu hear them singing Familiar music, even fif'fhe stars? Fantasies they' are. that with this life -would link thee. But oft some spirit face would seem to say — You knew me once, and loved me '.well, bethink thee, Of the old life thai long lias ' passed away. V'7*! ' 1KB most other men, I haa .? often speculated upon what : - : ' the- immediate future after ... a fdeath would belike. When A ^i- ' the great and inevitable ^ ssft\ ' A changp took place, would j ) UIg^.-Xj the;, fleeting spirit still re- j *~~E§f* tain consciousness of its surroundings? or would it be only, a swift and sudden blank? I had thought of i the viewless, ejected tenant watching' the grief-stricken mourners, and listening with '? sympathy to their loud lamentations over the losS'of their loved one. Now I know all about it. ? ' I, who pen these lines, am a disembodied spirit, and will tell you my experiences. The unseen one . does linger about the dearth chamber after its release from its shell; but -as a rule it does .not find its surroundings attractive enough to stay long. '- ? - ? The first thing I was conscious of in my new state was the sound of somebody sobbing. I na- ) turally thought it was my- wife; but no! she had ' risen from her kness,' and was putting her hand kerchief, in her pocket. : It was the nurse who j ?was crying, and 1 have since he^rd from the ex- ! perience of other ghosts ; that this is a conven tional act on the part of all nurses. My wife left the room with the doctor,- and shortly afterwards the nurse too departed. For a few minutes I was alone with what had been myself. I found my- '? self disappointing in appearance. I had always believed that I was a man of good presence, and somewhat striking appearance;' Now that I had an opportunity for the* first time of looking at my- j self from an entirely outside standpoint I was al together disillusioned. ? I felt, some contempt for my V£ry commonplace-looking cast-oft body, and left the room -before the return of 'the people who would perform the last offices. I .found it rather.. a pleasant sensation To' glide along noiseless and, unseen;- and entered, the little room I ueed as my; own particular den to have a last ? look round . at ' a place where I had passed some happy hours. I found my wife seated at my writing-table. She had some sherry and biscuits there, and was looking over my life insurance' policy. The doctor was there also, and had just written but the -certificate of iny death. Their conversation was cheerful under the circumstances. 1' felt rather hurt, but being; powerless to interfere; and unwilling to listen to an interview .which did not seem very complimen tary to 'my memory, I wandered out again. The blinds had been drawn, and all the outward signs of grief duly and decorously observed; but that was all. No one in the house seemed to be a bit sorry at my decease, although I had always prided myself on being a kind and good-natured man. I will not go into details about my first few days in my new state. I lingered about my former home because I had nowhere else to go to, or did not know where to go. I stood by the grave when my coffin was lowered into it. I stood behind my wife when she bargained with the monumental mason for a cheap headstone; I was with her when she ordered her mourning; I looked in at several old friends, but they were going on with their work and their pleasure the same as ever, and I came to the conclusion that I was not missed by anybody, and the sooner! took myself off the better. Be fore starting on my wanderings I visited the ceme tery just to see if the lazy dog of a mason had. put the stone up. I found that he had, and that the epitaph cut on it made up for all the neglect of my memory seemingly evinced by others. It was ful some in its flattery. It was a little past midnight, and a lovely moon lit night. I had been buried in Waverley Ceme tery, and I stood there looking over the wide Pa cific, just freshened a little by a light wind, and listened to the boom of the' rollers breaking on the point, clear and audible in the quiet stillness of the night. . . 'Good morning,, sir,' said a voice beside me. 'I turned quickly. . By. my side stood a young naval officer — a handsome fellow, but ' with a melancholy look. on his face. 'Good morning,' I replied, rather startled, for I had got used to going about unseen, and was astonished at being visible to this man. ,'A peace ful view,' I continued. 'It is,' he replied, 'peaceful enough underneath these waters.' . . ? 'Underneath?' I repeated, beginning to compre hend that I was speaking to another ghost. 'Yes; I was third lieutenant of H.M.S. Bloomer, and one stormy night I was washed overboard and drowned, nearly a thousand miles from here.' 'A sad fate,' I said sympathetically. 'In my c*ase it was. I was engaged to a charm .ing girl who rests here. She died of grief for my loss.' ' \ ? \- I reflected that my wife did not seem inclined to die of grief for mine. 'You have but lately come here,' continued my new friend. 'May I ask if I am speaking to the owner of that grave?' indicating my brand-new one. 'I am the ? — ' man, I ,was going to say, when I recollected myself and substituted 'proprietor.' 'I am Lieutenant Snovvdon. I may have, the pleasure of meeting you again, Mr. Devise. At present I must beg you to excuse me, as there is someone coming who is most unjustly incensed with me, and I do not care to anger him.' He left me, and I saw his .figure pass among tne wnite stones aov»n to tne sea.. 1 looKea ax. mo j people approaching — an' old gentleman with a ; young lady on his arm.- They stopped when they came to where I stood,. and I saluted them. I had ro doubt about their being fellow- spirits, for old gentlemen dcri't usually choose half-past twelve at night to walk about a. cemetery. He courteous- j ly returned. my greeting. . . I 'A new arrival,' he said. 'I am rejoiced to be the first to welcome you.' Ke read' my epi taph. 'Very gratifying indeed/' he said when he j had finished perusing .the tissue of lies. 'My ] name is Bell, Mr. Devine. This is my daughter. \ If you are' inclined for. a. walk we shall be pleased : with your company as far as our tomb.' j I took my. place by the side of Miss Bell, a j handsome girl, but pale and sad-looking. Some- I how I could not 'help associating her with the ! young lieutenant 'Was this the sweetheart who had died of sorrow for his loss? We strolled on, and the old gentleman asked me a great many questions about Sydney people;! sc-me of which I was able to answer, and some j not. We passed several other ghosts out for a j stroll, and I .was introduced to one — a gaunt-look- j ing man, walking along with his head bent and his hands behind his' pack. When we reached the , tomb, a very handsome and well-kept one,. Mr. Bell bade me good morning. 'I generally take my daughter for a walk aoout this time, and shall be happy to meet you' again, Mr. Devine.' Miss Bell wished me good morning in a low, sweet voice, and the pair -vanished into their tomb. I turned and walked -lack to mine— (it; was the only home I had)— wondering as I went whether it would be as well looked after in the future as old Mr. Bell's.' I met 'the ghost who had been introduced to me as Mrl Beaton, strolling back again. We entered into conversation, and I found him a very chatty, agreeable sort of spectre. 'Perhaps you have redd ~my' book on horology?' he said.' 'It is a science I was -devoted to in my life, and still' take a great' interest in.' I had not read His book, but I told a polite white lie and said I had seen it. He seemed pleas rd, and remarked that most people had read 'Beaton On Horology.' He was very entertaining; told. me. that he had- visited the planet Mars, in order to study, their method of measuring time, under the different. conditions. ..that, existed, there. He described 'the: Martians as a. fine race, infinitely superior to us terrestrials, and at least a thousand years in advance, of us'. in every 'way. 'There ;is a curious case, hinging .on a matter of time, here :n this cemetery. That old gentleman I met you, .walking .-with .-is,, as you may well be lieve, . a fine .old 'conservative ghost He believes |3n all thestock. ideas about spirits not .coming out before midnight, and. vanishing .at cockcrow — Cus- toms that are,' of course,' .quite, obsolete. His daughter was engaged to si young lieutenant in the navy, who was' drowned ..at isea^r-^—'- -.. 'I met him this morning— ^Lieutenant Snp-wdon.' 'The same.;. 3?oor'feliow.,'.there was some misun derstanding between them-Hso'mething that a- few words could 'have explained -away-^but 'he died without the usance, of; saying ';'. them. When 'he heard -of his sweetheart's; death he hastened here, to see her. TJnfOTtunateiyi&e; did notraMow. fiir the difference in .time ibetweeij.-.. the plaice .'where he was; drowned and thjte', cemetery, wiere she is. buried. The ;L consequence ^iras' that he arrived ?mere, snoray.. *-exore.. ai .o;ciocir., -mow you . Know that : anyone' who 'dle&'l b£a .sudden and' violent, death, is rliatole to Tbe^seenliiy mortals; and poor Snowdon was seen -entering .-the cemetery through the closed gates Tjy--6everaT,j-eople.. -This created a scare, and 'got into- the* papers. Old Bell heard of.it) and has absolutely, xef used to let Mm speak to his daug- hter.;.-;l£e';said it . was -a scandalous . thing, an,d brought discredit on ..the; ywihole ceme tery. .He said' that-Snowdon, from the nature of his prafessio'n, couidloaoit plead ignorance. He told him; that .'when 'tie/ tEtell) ^was 'seen 'out' before J.ii5 o'clock :he^ ?would*' reranslder-hifi ' decision, but 'riot till then; which, of course, means never. The young spirits have everybody's sympathy, but the old ghost is deaf to all argument. , Snowdon only wants to explain the misunderstandingvthat exists between Miss , Bell and himself; but the father won't hear of it' - ' 'i . 'I took rather a fancy to the young -man,, and the girl seems very sad.' '. 'They are an exceedingly . . ?estimable young couple.' ' .-??'?-?? ' ' We chatted on for some time, and when the day was dawning we parted. ' Having nowhere else to go, I -went back to my grave, and slept eoundly until tHe following night. ? II. ?-'... I again met the' unhappy Snovrdon, and drew him on to tell me his story. I told him that he ought to have tried-some scheme' before now to see Miss Bell and assure her of his truth to her up to the last, for it was;, sooie foolish jealousy that had hastened the poor 'girl's death; but' he said that was '. impossible, on-. account of her devotion and obedience to her father. The ..only hope seemed to be to catch the old gentleman tripping in a matter of etiquette, of which he %as such a strict observer; but that seemed hardly possible. I met Mr. Bell and his daughter again, and listened patiently while the old ghost laid down the law about the rules that ought to be observed by all respectable ghosts. He also expressed his opinion that the world of spectres was going to the devil fast, consequent upon the neglect of these rules. When they had retired to their tomb I joined the shade of the horolbgist, Beaton. I had an idea, which I confided to him. He caw the point at once, and entered into -it heartily, and! we walked up and down together un.til daylight, ar ranging details. . ? . ? I paid a visit to . my late family that day, just to. see how they were getting on. Apparently nay absence had caused no long-sustained grief. ^ My late-wife :-wore~her weeds 'gracefully andTieoming ly, and my guileless infant ate hie' bread and jam with -undiminished appetite. ? -I; wished I had the power to make myself visible, just to give her a start, to remind her of her duties as a widow; but that was not possible to' me, having died oiily in an ordinary and common manner. That night Beaton and I fixed up -our plans fin ally. There had been a little difficulty, which he had managed to overcome. It rested with his ma terialising himself, which it was necessary that he should da for a limited period, for the success of our plot. .-.'....' On the next night Beaton -and I looked down on the city from the' lofty clock tower in Martin Place. Beaton had done' T»i« work, and when '11 o'clock should have been boomed- by Big Parkes, 12 rang out instead. There was naturally some com motion, and many curious eyes were directed at the city clock; but its hands s;tood sternly at midnight. . . . That respectable spectre Mr.' Bell roused himself with the first stroke, for the clock was distinctly (heard by ghosts out at Wavterley, ' and Mr. Bell always timed his movements- by it. He called his daughter, and proceeded for his usual constitutional. 'I don't feel so rested as usual,' he observed, after a turn or two; 'and is it not strange that none of our friends are about?' They walked up and down the silent city of the dead for some time, but there was no appearance of anybody; for, in fact, everybody had been warn ed of our intentions. Presently. Beaton and I entered the cemetery and encountered the lonely pair. 'Mr. Bell!' exclaimed Beaton, in a tone of surprise. 'You up and out so early!' 'Well, Mr. Beaton, it is my usual time. It must be now half-past twelve.' 'Half-past eleven, you mean.' ' . ? 'Don't tell me, sir; I heard the Post Office clock strike as usual.' 'llr. Bell, I never make a mistake as regards time. You mighi. be aware, or you should be aware, of that. I assure you it is now half-past eleven.' 'But, but,' stuttered Bell, 'I heard it distinctly, and counted every stroke. Have I not turned out of my tomb for the last twenty years at twelve o'clock, and I am likely to mistake now. No, sir; my feelings- would .not allow me to do it,' and Mr. Bell glared at us and at the 'other ghosts, who had silently gathered round to see what the dis cussion was about. 'Gentlemen,' said Beaton, . 'I appeal to you. What time is it?' . ... 'Have no idea,' said one of them, yawning; 'only I'm sure that it is much earlier than usual, and I am astonished at Mr. Bell, of all ghosts, making a disturbance at this hour, and waking j everybody.' i 'We are all astonished,' exclaimed the other shades, in chorus.- j Old Mr. Bell looked round, bursting with indig nation. At that moment the' distant chimes rang out plain and distinct to our ghostly ears. Then followed a weird silence in that, company of spirits assembled in the cemetery. One!, two! and poor old Bell's face drooped dejectedly at the second stroke. Solemnly the remorseless clock tolled out the full number, twelve. 'Mr. Bell,' said the voice of Lieutenant Snow-.' don, 'will you now allow me a few minutes' con versation with Miss Bell? You must confess that) you have ? transgressed the' rules ' in being out j before midnight.' The old ghost held himself up stiff and straight. 'I have, and I will keep my word.' : .Snowdon approached Miss Bell. She raised her eyes to his, then put her hand within his arm, and the spirit sweethearts strolled away among 'the cold hie jacets of the dead', to have the explanation and reunion that was forbidden them in life. Then every ghost shook hands with old Bell, and | told him that his conduct did him infinite credit, j The old gentleman was much -pleased, and his ! confidence in himself was restored. once more. ] There was a. great fuss in Sydney over the ee- ' centric behavior of the Post Office clock. .Private and public affairs had been upset right and left, and a long and angry dispute arose between the ? Government and the contractor who furnished the j clock. The strictest investigation could 'not de- j tect any accident to the machinery that could have j caused ''it, and Beaton chuckled amazingly. j My wife is evidently intending to get married a.gi.n I don't see the fun .of .s.topping here to witness the joyful ceremony, so I am off for a trip with Beaton to Neptune to investigate the system of measuring time in that frozen- out place of residence. In conclusion,' 'dear reader, treat the memory of your dead tenderly for a short time after their decease. They are there listening to every word, and their feelings are easily hurt. AS FBINCESS F&A.YIJL; tS ^'THE PfilSONSE OF ZENDA. 