(From the "Australian Workman.") On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, lhe said: "You want to know all about my case? Well I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may le of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering!" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work and Ihave done nothing since then. About fire years ago, next Christmas, met with an accident; I was badly, scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23:d March last I saw a well known doctor and he told me thatmy case was utterly hopeless. How. ever, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order !" "No; ocame home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks amo I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. Mly doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I wa under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Loco. motor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, adisease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbance of gait, and diffliculty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that Imight last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just theft the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw I grasped at an idea con veyed by the advertisement describing the coure effected in the ease of another boiler. maker in England, which I read in the "Australian Workman," by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisment of a case which seemed to fit my owe. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anywayand sent for a boxr. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. Iwas able to esat and sleepas though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to more about. I lave taken four boxes of Pink Pills during this last four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk without the aid of sticks, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there! There they are perfectly new, andi I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, butI was too weak to use them, and now Idon't want them, All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You sec I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken thebaby on her kneer. "The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, 1 hope to be able to resume work as a boiler.maker, and you know I have to be in the very pinuk of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better today than I have been at any time during the last fire years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no anlo now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex. crueiating pale. But they can stay where they are, for 1 no longes need them. Every body who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about has caused a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news. papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverishei state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, mus cular weakness iudigestion, lose of appetite, ahortness of breath, paions in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. 1'Gowen, leader of the labor party in the N.S. W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remark. able case of Tlhoimas Jarvis. Mr M't;owen says ihe has known Jarvis from infancy. lie also knew that tIe had to give up work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. lie afterwards hleard that Jarris was bed. ridden and that there was litlhu chance of his recovery. le understood Jarvias was refused edissio to to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Ilr. l'Go'wan was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvi.. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading ch"emiate, or from the Dr. Williams' Melcicine Co., Q?cen's Place, Sytihey, wlo will forwartd (post paid) on receipt uf stamps or post order 1 box for os. jd., or half dozen for l't, 9d, 