. 3PQTJR PASSER LE TEMPS > Fiva o'olook- on a (lull November afternoon. 4ho Port-town infantry barracks > looked dismal enough outwardly, tho lights not having yot 'been " turned > on," but tbo scene within tbe officers' snto-room was cosy and comfortable in tbo extreme. The apartment was cosily, not to say Iuxuri- ' ously furnished, tbe barracliy look being skil fully dono sway with by artfully disposed our- tains, draperies aud pictures. These latter were of a distinctly sporting character, and entiroly did away with the idea— which a casual visitor .might have entertained— that the apartment was a lady's boudoir instead of tho mess of the gallant King's Own Lancerq. The barrack clock had just chimed tbo hour, when that much ill-used person— in his own opinion — the orderly officer, can have a snooze if he wants one, or can enjoy a cup of ton and a muffin. Of course, a nun living in barracks is supposed to drink nothing but brandy and soda, but tbe supposition is incorrect, and generally at live o'clock one could enter any tness and find teapot and muffin plate in full Bwing. On this particular afternoon Cecil Dane was on duty, and very ill-used indeed ho felt as he entered tho empty ante- room, ordering tea and a muffin en pasBant, and sank into the easiest arm- chair he could And. Ho had had a very stiff day, from the time when he had beon turned out of bed with the well-known and alwsya hateful reminder, " Six o'clock, sir, aud the adjutant out already," un-. til now, when ho had been " round tho teas, ' and he felt just ready for a quiet snooze. " After all," he soliloquised, " I'm not sorry all the fellows are out ; it gives ono a chance of a dozn by the Are. " Hullo., who the dickens is that ?" be call ed out, as a step Bounded through the passage, and the door was slowly swung open. The room was in partial darkness, being lit only by the firelight, but thu newcomor evidontly rcoognised the voice of tbe questioner, for ho laugted as ho leisurely entered, end, going up to tho occupant of the arm-chair, laid a hand affectionately on his shoulder. " Why, at it again, old man," he inquired in a pleasant voice, with just the slightest sus picion of a drawl. " Last time I'looked you up von were a devoted martyr to friendship; whoso turn are you doing now, eh ?" " Oh, its my grind right enough, this time," rejoined Dane, springiug up and wringing tho new-comer's hand, " and I am jolly glad you turned up, Charlie ; it's rnough to send a follow melancholy mad to he left hero in soli tary state for half tho day"— this, entiroly forgetful of bis sentiments a few minutes pre viously. dust nt that moment the tea appeared, and tho waiter was promptly told to bring " an other," and the friends proceecdod to make themselves comfortable. Tho two men were as widely difforeot in per sonal appearance as thoy were distinctly „ opposite in oharactor. Dane was a slight .medium-sized man, with a light, active frame ; fair, open countenance, and steady, grey eyes — m man uoted in the regiment tor his "thorough- -ness," a nature easily roused to fire and energy, 6wift to not ; to uphold tbe right and denounce tbe wrong, nnd ono who bud a stern and utter contempt for anything like "drifting.'' And yet, with the contrariness of human nature, tho man whom he hud chosen as his friend, whom be laved far hotter than a brother, was just tbe exaet opposite to him in every particular. The Hon. Charles Roper was n tail Btalwart young fellow of about oigbt aud twenty, a frame splendidly formed but rather heavy- llooking, a dark, plcasuut-looking face, and a ipair of sleepy hazel eyes. He hsd that languid ibored air, ono often sees in a modern Horcules, <ia fact his general appearance uf usod-upeduess was a standing joke among his follows, who bad seen the splendid " form " ho could tiring to a -football match, or a gymnastic competition. He did bis duty steadily and well, and was a favourite throughout the regiment, but he hud one terrible weakness, that of allowing things to drift when a prompt action, a decisive word might have saved a world of trouble, aye, and of misery. If his domestic concerns got into any entangle mcnts lie would shrug his shoulders, close his eyes wearily, and toll himself that it was no use bothering, things would right themselves some- bow. And it must be remarked that tho Hon. Charles bad already found himself in several difficulties arising through Ilia weakness for os fommes. However, these latter hud so far, with hut ono exception, been old campaigners, who did net suffer much through Charles's penchant for llirtiug. and so Dane, who kept a watchful eye on him when possible, bad not lebturod very severely. " Had a bad day inquired Charlie, sym pathetically, as having disposed of his muffin bo stretched his lazy length across tho hearth rug. ' Awfully stiff, everything going wrong, and tho Colonel with one of his wake-em-up (lis — you know. " Such a ghuBtly hour In tho morning to got up," murmured Charlie lazily. . " Suit you down to tbe grouud," laughed Dane. " Well, we'll giro you a dose of it when you come back. By I lie way, when are yon coining f" » Don't know, I'm sure ; we're expecting tho order overy day but.it doesn't come. I thought perhaps you would know." " I believe the chief is lighting it out with tho other regiments hero who say tbey are not , going lo provide a guard for your fort. But , it's a beastly shamo to exile you for so long. Some ' other fellow ought to relievo yiiu. Barker's all right,., he's got his wife up there.". Ob," said Chorlio, " I don't mind, .it's uot so bad after all when ono got) used |o it,'', and' a little smile crept rouuil tbo corners of his mouth, as he stared dreamily into the fire, " What,", ejaculated his oomp'anioii. ; " Why, 'last time bu were hero you wore curalng your ill-luck in vory foroible language, while now — \ "A ohango comes o'er tile spirit of my dream. Well, I must be going, it takes me a good hour to walk buok." Ho rose and stretched himself. " See you again suon, old man." ' ' " Mind you do. I daresay I will look you up though before long. I'll do tho good Samaritan, ' rod drop in on you some afternoon." " Which a'tcruoon V" Inquired his ohura somewhat eagerly. Dane laughed liearlily. " My dear hoy," be >ried, " tho idea of you doing the ceremonious Jith me, it's too rich altogether. Arn't you going to toll me which is your 'at home ' day f aud ho cbuokicd again. ' " Oh, well," Baid Charlie shrugging his boulders, " I am generally out after luncheon, and I thought I wouln stay somewhere about — " Fray don't trouble, my young friend," said Pane, Blill enjoying iho joko, " I will teke the chance." Then with a swift chango oftono he said, ". Goodnight, old chap," aud with a warm grip of the hands, tbu iricuds parted. . " Now," said Cecil Dane to himself as ho obcrly made his wry to Ills quarters, 'M just womler what mischief that follow is up to ' A month later he walked up to where the ' fellow " was stationed, n small outlying fort sear the sea. He picked his way up an Uxorud- ingly muddy lane, whioh secniotl lo lie the only approach to it. Tho lane winded considerably, land rounding oneof tho bends he oamo suddenly no sight of a pretty little tableau, but ono which almoat took hie breath away " The .vine rid thug.?, hogWAfwd i cirl I might have known it. When will Charlie loarn wisdom f» The girl, or youag lady' as Dane mentally designated her, was holding op her skirts dis playing a tiny pair uf noatly shod feot, as, with tho help of her companion, aho daintily picked her way through the mud. Bho was talking and laughing gaily, and looking up at her cavalier with her glorious brown eyes lit with an unmistakably adoring glance. Dane's heart sank within him as he noticed tho look, ho hud aeon .tho. same expression in another pair of oyea, blue tboy had been, but were, since then, tear-stained and dim . with a lasting agony. Charlie Roper was holding bis companion's hand in a tender, protective maener, and look ing down at tbe small slight' figure with a bright, well-pleased expression on his handsome features. Neither of the young people had noticed Dane —tbey were engrossed with one another. Pre sently, however, Charlie looked up and eaw him. Au instant ehange swept aoroas his face. He looked embarrassed and ill at ease, bnt he- stretched out a welcoming hand to his friend, saying, " You — at last. I had almost given you up." ' The girl moved on. Charlio did not attempt to introduce her, but with a hasty " Wait a moment, old chap," he hurried after hor, com ing back in a few minutes to the waiting Dane, The friends were rather silent as they walked towards the fort. Dano'a face showed stern disapproval, and Roper knew he woo in for a lecture. Friends an they-had been from'bov- hood, he rather' resented Dane'e interference, nd us ho had a habit of shutting himself np in a complete and unapproachable reserve when ever be chose, Dane felt that ho must proceed cautiously. Accordingly ho did not broach tho subject until they were comfortably seated in Charlie's room ; then the sight of a big square envelope addressed in a feminine hand, aud with a large cmblazoucd crest at tho hack, brought him abruptly lo the point. Taking up tho envelope bo turned to his frieud, an.1 said, slowly, "Charlie, havoyou told that girl about this i"' " What an idea," laughed Charlie, uneasily. " I don't supposu the fuct of Lady Maud's exis- tencu would trouble hor." " The fact of Lady Maud being your fiancee wonld, though, I have no doubt. Charlie, who is this girl f " ; ' " Oh, she's a nursery governess up at the Hills, that big house at tbe corner, end she doesn't have a very happy time of it either, poor child." " And so you've undertaken to make her let a little harder for her — for what else can it bo when tbe cud comes. For I don't suppose you mean auything serious iu tho face of this?" and he tupped tbe letter significantly. " Mean ?" cried Charlie, " I don't know that I mean anything particular oxcept to have a ohurming little companion mil friend for iny lonely walks in this dismal hole." " Ah," said Dune, with a sigh, " I've hoard of those platonic friendships before now, and I don't bulieve in Ibem, there is generally the clemont of tragedy in them." " Charlie," he continued earnestly, " tell this girl, or let me. It would bo a dreadful task I've no doubt, but 1 weald do much for you— and remember laBt time." " Cecil," said Charlie, throwing back his head with a haughty gesture, " there is a limit oven to our friendship, nnd nt present I object to your interference in my private affairs." And Dane sighed and gave it up. Charlie bad Bhnt himself up, and nothing mere could be got out of. him. Well, a fow weeks inter the outlying detach ment was re- called to head-quarters, and the two friends resumed their old intercourso.Noth- ing whatever was said betwoen them of tho girl at " The Hills," and Dane concluded that the uffuir had had but littlu importance and was comfortably over. But he re-assured himself too soon. One day, his friend being on duty, he was takiug a soli- tary ramble countrywards. He had passed the big bouse on the outskirts of the town, which Charlie bad told bim was tbe homo of tho little governess, and as be walkod on bo was wonder ing what had become of hor ; he had liked the look of her somehow ; in that short glimpse he had oaught of her she had been photographed on his miud, the bright, piquant fuce which was not sweetly pretty, but which had a sweet personality all its own. Tho big, laughing eyes, brimming over with 'misehiof, and yet whioh he knew could be sweetly serious too, the dainty little figure, the soft, happy laughter. Charlie had hinted that she was none too happy up nt " I he Hills," but to Dane she had appcttred the very picture of breezy, healthy happiness. And thou as ho called to mind this remembrance or ber, he turned a corner and saw her— or the ghost of her. Whioh was it ? ho asked himself with an awful shuck. .Truly, u girl was coming towards him re sembling in features and figure that other girl, but with all tho life crushed out of tho white face, with all tbe health and vigour gone from tho slender figure which moved wearily along thu quiet road. Sbo looked up, hoaring footsteps, and recog nised Dane. For one moment she looked her self again, as tho red blood flooded her ohcoks —then it receded, leaving her whiter still. Dane was at a loss what to do. But with an English man's dislike of a scone, ho raised his hat slightly, and would have hurried on, but she Btietohed out her hand with a timid, 'imploring gesture, and raised hor eyes beseechingly. He notieed the awful look of despair which hud crept into their deptliB since lust ho hail seen them, and groaned, remembering a pair of bluu ones ; whioh had held the same look when the Hon. Charles Roper had been amusiug him self oti a previous occasion. " You are his friend," she said simply, " toll mo where bo is," . . He hesitated. How could he toll her the : truth— thu brutal truth, that Charlio was to hu rasnieii: shortly, in fact, almost immediately. He. had heard it himself only that morning. Also that Ludy Maud's futbor had taken a house in tho vicinity— in foot, only a few miles froin where thoy at that moment stood, and where Charlie Roper was at the present time dancing attendance on his fiancoe, Dane stood for quile a minuto, pondering deeply. After all, perhaps, it would be best to toll her— at loast something or tho true state of affairs, It would' bo a turrihlo shook, of course, but a sharp knife thrust is oft-timos morn bearable thun a lingering ngouy, aud hor pride would, doubtless, lead hor to treat his despic able conduot with the scornful contempt it merited. Blill hu hesitated, doubtful, aud fooling bis position aud hers— keenly. Again sbo spread out ber bauds with that llttlo appealing gesture. " You won't tell me, ah 1 But you must. I can trust you, you are staunch sod true." " I am his friend." he ssid simply, " his frieud, though I know too wall bis faults. And," with a slight courteous bow, " I would also bo yours." " Thtmk you," she said, with a little smile crossing ber sad face! " Then you will tell me everytlilngf" " Did be tell you nothing ?" " Ob, he talked to me of his home and of his people, aud said he liked to tell me about them, and some dsy— soon, when ho went on leave, I should go and sue them.'! Dane groaned. Charlie bad, with his usual I recklessness and his oarelcss disregard for any thing savo , the actual enjoyment ef the hour, gene .1 noar aa passible to downright - propose to '.Ms girl. weeks now," she west on plaintively ; In faot only twice since he loft the fort, and thon only for a short whilo. He was very busy, he said." " Did he ever speak tto 70a of other relations outside bis own family circle," inquirod Dauo gravely. She looked at him startled Then her woman's intuition seemed to diviue, the truth. She turned whiter thun ever, ber eycB dilated as she gasped in a hoarse whisper. " There is someone elee." The words onded In a sort of wail, and she tottered as if about to fall. But as Dane sprang forward aho recovered her- eolf with an effort, and said in a dull, despairing vo|co, " Pleaso tell me all." 44 There ia not much to tell" said Dane, " only that be has been engaged to bis cousin for years." The girl's hand pressed her bosom convulsive ly. There was a sadden sharp pain 'there. Not much, he, the man there, had callod it, not much!— only it seemed to be her death-warrant. Dane watched her anxiously, she was taking it better than he expected. She did not faint or ory out. No, but ber face hud hardened— she seemed to be growing older before bisuyes. "He is to be married— when P" she demanded iu a hard voice. 44 Ah! that I cannot tell you, said Dane, thankful to shelter himself bekind-the fact that ho did not know the actual date. . After all there was no use telling hor that ib was to bo 00 soon— so terribly soou, "Beautiful, rich, titled," alio said in a dull voice, as if talking to herself— her unknown rival evidently holding her thoughts—" beauti ful, rich, titled, and happy, because beloved by bim. But, does he love her P Ob, my God ! be cannot. He loved me— 1 know it I feel it (this, in a passionate whisper). It couldn't havo been all acted — all put on. He is mine- mine ! " aho wcut on, . her voice rising in her agony to a despairing wail, 44 that other woman shall not havo bim— he belongs to mo ! I lovo him ; oh ! how 1 love him." She seemed to have entirely forgotten Dane's presence, and he, still with tho droud of a scene before his eyes, touched her gently ou tho arm. Tbe touch steadied her. Sho drew up hor slim figure to its full height, and, with a proud little gesture, held out her hand. » " I thank you— much," she said gently. " Aud you will tell him— nothing P" with an unxious glance. 44 Nothing, as it is your wish," answered Dane, holding tho small hand in a friendly grasp. "To be discussed, oh ! I could nob bear that/' 44 You must remember," said Dane, 14 that although ho is my friend 1 do not coudoue his conduct in the least ; I consider it unjuatifiablo nnd—" 44 Don't !" she cried aharply, "I will allow no one to disparage him in my prescnce. And now good-byo." "Aro you leaving the neighbourhood, thun ?" asked Dane. 44 Are you goiug home ?" She smiled a little wintry smile. -Was sbo thinking of the houso which was no longer home when her presence was uo longer' desirable, where a jealous 6tep-mothrr held sway. "Home," she auswerud dreamily. 44 Have I a homo ? Aud after all, what does it matter where ono goes ? To you, agaiu, good- bye." 44 Wait-," cried Dane, 44 1 will accompany you." But sbo was gone, npeeding from him through the gathering darkness. For a minuto ho was undecided whether to follow or not, but uhe bad dismissed him, and she was not far from hor employer's residence. He went his way, musing sadly, and wonder- ing whether after all Charlie would attain to sueh happiness with his nobler bride, as he would have done with this loyal heart which be had bruised and crushed. That night while a lonely little figure sat in thu darkened nursery, tbe mistress of tbe bouse walked iu. , 44 Miss Ward," she said, abruptly, 41 Why are you moping here in the dark P ' Tho governess sprang to her feet, and, with a murmured apology, busied herself lighting the lamp. 44 1 have noticed," weut on Mrs. Parkinson in her cold oven tones, 44 that latterly you have neglected your duties, you do not seem to have the will to properly control the dear, high- spirited children, so I Ibiuk a change would bo advisable. In u month you will ba free ; or in fact as soou ds you like." Sbo left the room reaiarking to her eldest grown-up daughter, whom she met outside, 44 1 really canuot bear unhappy people about me. Miss Ward is enough to give ono tho blues." Bhe was ralber vulgar sometimes, as is usual with tho novedu ricke. 44 Miss Ward has altered terribly lately," said tbo girl, 44 1 cannot think what is the matter." 44 Woll, wo ueod not worry as she will bo going shortly," said her mother, os they outercd the drawing-room. A week later the governess was walking in tbo grounds with the ohilrden. The ball they wero playing with happened to be tossod over the wall into tbe high road. Sho opened tho gate and wcut ia scaroh of tbe ball. As she picked it up ahe hoard the sound of curriage whuels rapidly approaching. She threw the ball to tho obildreu and leant languidly against tho gate. Presently tho carriago came into view,' an opeu landau drawn by a pair of hand some greys. 'Thu footman and couchmdh wore largo white favours, the homes wero decorated with whito rosottcs. Inside tbo carriage sat u tmm and woman, sho beautiful, bub haughty, he handsome, smiling, debonair, beuding over her, talking enraeslly. As tboy passed the gate ho raised hiu head uad his guze encountered a pair of agonised brown eyes fixed on his face. For ono wild moment be felt inclined to jump out .mid take tho.puthetic llttlo figure to his heart— then they wore gone— ho had left that little episode iu his life behind for ever. 44 Oh, It was a terrible affair," said Mrs. Parkinson with a shudder, as she discussed tho allocking occurreuoe with a sympathetic neigh bour, 44 1 opauro you my nerves have not been the same since.". It was an acoiilont, of course P" asked her listener eagerly. "An accident, oh yes, of course" answered. Mrs. Parkinson, hurriedly, and ber cheeks paled slightly. 44 Sho had been out in the grounds, walking iu tbe durk as she was fond of doiug lately and the soil round the ornamental lake being very slippery from the recent heavy raius, nho lost bor footing and fell in, I assure you when they brought ber in, all white and cold, and dripping, 1 fainted right away, and was hours coming round. Dear Dootor Smiley, nssutes me it will be months before I recover from the severe shock." 44 A dreadful experience for you," murmured tbe visitor as she rose to go, 44 aud excoediujdy cureless of tho girl," she mentally added, with a flbrawd suspicion of tho truth. Aud she de parted to other dear friends in order to disouss the doplorablo accident which had taken place ut 44 Tbo Hille," And Charlio Roper enjoying to tho full his gay honeymoon in Paris never evou beard of the untimely end of the little governess. If he had hearddt would bavo allocked him for a mo ment, then he would havo shrugged his, shoulders and wondered why people would tako seriously what was . wo evidently mount as 8iroplj-".pour<p8s«r lotemps." Yeang Mn. Somerby. (now. at/houaekjtoiuqg) 44 SeBdme-inaioo-balibatferdinner." Maritet- unmtfwitbout iflinching) 1 "-One 1 be , enough P" ;Mn.Miaooerby "TitdxjBk fco.' if ypu piok ou a; 