At The Royal- Carl Hertz opened a sezson last night at the Theatre Royal. The house was crow led both b, r ick and front, and the audience were thoroughly satisfied with the entertainment. There was a c.-rtain number of roughs in the back seats, who persisted in inte rnpti g the cinematographe views, but they vverefrightened into orderliness quickly by- the intimation from the stage that if they did not behave themselves the cinematographe reproductions would abruptly cease. The kerosene lamps were a nuisance, considerable difficulty being experienced in extinguishing them, all of which tends to make the electric light properly appreciated. The programme was divided into three parts, and in the first the p:estidigitateur gave a very clever exhibition of trie! ery with carls. He concluded thefir.-t portion of the entertainment with the canary and cage disappearing trick. After a short interval dlle D'Alton sang 1 The Miller's Daughter, ' for which she was de-ervedly encored. The songstress has a sweet soprano voice, but it is not very powerful. Mr C. W. Tay-lor joined in the choruses, and the two voices blended harmoniously, and produced a pleasing effect. The cinematographe reproductions were then given, and served to show the -wonderful possibilities in front of thi fin-de-siecle science. Amongst the principal views shown were : — ' Bathing in the Sea at Brighton, England.' a sight e pecially refreshing to Coolgardi-jites—the undulating waves, the swell of the surf before it breaks, independent of the delight of splashing your fellow bathers —all serving to rc mi; d our residents of a scene in which most of them have participated before visiting this land of gold and heat. ' The Widow's Kiss ' wds greatly appreciated, and had to be repeated, the gay Lotharios in the audience especially enjoying the situation. ' Miss Fullei's Serpentine Dance' had tobegivenasecond time, as was a 'View of the Bois de Boulogne, Paris. The two views most appreciated however, were 'The Haunted Cast'e' and Terrible Night,' which brought forth rounds of applause. The story of the former can e sily be imagined, and the way ghosts, skele'ons, and the devil appeared would have frightened—well, the devil himself. TLe ' Terrible Night' is not. as might be supposed, a view of the surging s a in the inkydarkness, with the vivid lightning playing round the hull of a derelict vessel, but a wrestling match between a would-be sleeper and a bug, in which the latter comes off the second best :;i;d is transported to ' China.' This closed the second parL of the entertainment. after which there was a Ehort interval. The programme concluded with some very clever illusions by Carl Hertz, which were duly i.ppreciated by the large audience. Th.-; same programme will be presented this e-\er.ing. For sterling- value kQd purity try Kaudy Koola T Dunlops first in '88 and foremost ever since. ^pctle'e Swisa "Milk Indent ap(uits.Pre«t<in-& Co Best quality potatoes and onions at Greenhalgh's. ' When there's a will there's always a way.' ' Yes,' said the lawyer, ' a way to dispute it.' The man who goes to the bad hardly ever takes a long journey.—'Puck.' Often given, yet seldom taken—Advice. One half the world knows not how the ^ther half lies ! 