A SYDNEY MIRACLE. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. The Interesting Case of Mr. Thomas jarv1s, will) savs that a few weeks ago he was Crippled— Partially Para- ivzsh. Suffering from Li comotor Ataxia and Helpless. Ducpors, Hos- pitai. Authorities, and fvfrv one said he must die as his (,'ase was Hopeless. But Thev were mistaken, To-pav he is a New M an. full of Life and enf.kgv. his crutches 111! has Thrown -wvav, his Dead Limps have Life, his Appf.tite has Revue - up. and in fact. he has A n f.w Ll.a.sf of 1.1 ie Our and Our. So much in. crest has Ijcon showa by our rcadcis in bits marv, lloti: case '.hat .ve have published the. (acts again as liicy appea :d in the Vj.-tuTcm Woituv.an a few weeks ago One afternoon our representative ma- : his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jan-is. .j ; Crov.ii- lane. Ultimo, lie was discovered : ursing a .mvo-yi-ar-okl baby, and his face deelau I him to one i f the happiest men in Sydney. He was m and abnn: and able to answer the '.nock r.t the door. In rcpiv tc- ihe preliminary piestior. ae said : You want to know all about my ca tf ? \Veil, 1 am glad of an oppoituni'.y to tell y u . The | lac-.s mty he cf value to those who arc c.rickcn as I in-.' \- How long were yon suft 'iing \- Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that 1 had to leave oft woik, and I have den r.o hing since the.-. About five years ago. nevt Christmas. I met with ti l acciden'. I was 1 adl ' seal led while taking a hath in I'itt-streel, Syc'll v. .Since the ..ccii.'i-nt ! hive been in (ailing he ltii and after four yea- s ofgiadual development ol ihe malaiiv I i-.a- (meed to give up my bill .-t at the Glebe LI n-.o." \\\"n .t -vere ihe symptoms:' Simply imieictib ,bl?. The pains were something' icrr ble. Thev were just about as much as I c-u-.ld near. Titer wer: for all lite j wo; Id like as if a saw weie catling my bones in i tv.-o in every part - I m-\ i had no cootiol over I . my bowels," or biauutr. r-.n.t was a nuisance to myself and everyone il-e. I was incessantly ' 1 shiveting and shakine, and could nei her eat n lr ! 'sleep, tin the 23rd Mar tit 1 i-t I saw a well j known doctn-, anil he t, Id me that my case was I utterly hopeless. Hn-.vever. he gave me an order I to the Ditoc.o,- ol Charitable Institutions.'' | Did you make use of the older ?" 1 --No: 1 catnc homo and went to bed. and hive been pretty well in bed ever since. Five j weeks ago 1 could no: walk across the lloor ; in fa.ci.'l cor.'d not get oil of bed. I felt then that it was .1! over with me. .,nd only ,v question I ol cays when 1 would give up the ghost. My i doctor was attending me, and did a'l he coal-.!, by opium .--.nd morphia pd!=. to ease the agony I was in. I was under him (or live or six weeks. 1 He came to the concl-isicn thai I was suffering l",o m locomotor ataxia, or 1 vogressive locomotor a'.axv. .1 disease of the spinal rraif. clnracteriseil by peritl ar distiii bailees ol gait and difficulty in co-ordinating volun aiy movements. He tol l me that I might last i-',r 'en years, and that I tt. it nar» nl" mv livfj. I.liist then HHkilt IH.tt-1 ww 1 the patient kicked his legs about with energy to ( show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Will. , Itirt as a dio-.vr.e.l man wt',1 grasp at a straw, 1 giasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement desciibing 'die cure efiecltd in the case of, another boiler-maker in England, which 1 read in the .Australian Woikmai-,, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the aoveitiscment ol a ca:,e winch seemed 10 fit my own, I de'er- mir.c-d tn give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and vent fnt a iinx. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical, 1 was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with nr. It wis the first appetite anil rest I had (or many .a day. It was mrtrt:riiid<\ 1 immediately left thn lied and waivable lo move abrttt. I have taken four boxes ol Pink fills dining the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box, 1 can walk a bout with the aid of a stick, and ana gradually. ; but sui-'ly, iicovering my former vigor and j vitality. Yen see those clinches here ? They! were made for me before 1 got 1 ' r. Wihiams j Pink Pil's. but 1 was too weak to use them, and | now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, j and I hope soon In do without in You see I am rapicdy regaining my strength.' i t j is too per cent, belter," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. ' Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his hfe, and made another man of him." A fiiend who called in at this point, said I hat larvis looked ten yens younger that duj than lie did a foilnight previously. \- I can r.ow," contmued Jarvh, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back i t my legs. If I keep on going the way I am. I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you kr.ow I have to be in the very pink of health and stiengih 10 work at that trade. 1 am better to-day than I. have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to those Pink Pills. They have saved mv life. 1 a ra in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor give .tne to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they aie, for 1 no longc need them. Everybody who knows me has b ten amazed at the change in me. 'I hey can hardly believe theii eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensatian out here." Stirlt is the renin kablc history, and confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this countiy of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Ihnlc Pills lor Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many, disorders rising from the impovciished stale ol the blood, such; as anamiin. pale and sallow- complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the hack, nervous headache. &e.; These pills ate a tonic, not a purga'ive. They are genuine only with the full name. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People, and are sold hy chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams Medicine Company, Queen's Place,' Sydney/will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for as gd, or half-dozen tor 14s 91J. 