Tlie Gospel in the Passover. . By tho Rev. John M'Neill. Draw out and take you a. lamb, according to your families, and kill the passover, etc.-Exodus 12: 21, 22. This- subject is translated for us into New Testament thought and feeling by the apostle, ?when he says, "Christ our Passover is sacrificed for us" (1 Cor. v. 7); and I wish you to turn to the Old Testament narrative to find there illustrated a few points of the old theology, the ever-fresh and ever-new old theology for sinful men. ? lt. is evident that on this night there was hang ing; over those Israelites, and over that whole na tion of. Egypt, an awful doom; and my first point, would be that our circumstances, if we look at there in the solmen light of God's revealing Word, are not dissimilar. There is impending over our unsheltered heads a doom compared with which this that fell from God's mighty hand upon the Egyptians was a small affair, indeed. Now, I know that when I speak in this way I do not carry ,the sympathies of sonic moderns with me. There is some young man who is saying to him self, "Ah! you are going to talk about fear, and try to frighten me into the kingdom. I Avish you to understand that I will not be moved by any such motive." Indeed! I know THINGS ARE TALKED OP IN THIS WAY in tho office and in the walks. I used to talle so myself, and thought it was very philosophical anti wonderfully grand; but I have altered my opinion now. It is no good sign for you, my brother, to be declaring in that brazen-faced way that you have no fear. Last century talk of this kind was very com mon. The Deist of that century purged the Bible of all strong passages. His gospel was-Be sweet and genteel, and don't be afraid. It produced, of course, a dainty, dapper, little créature, who had no great .sense of his own sin, and no great fear of tho Scriptural hell. He was coneerned with himself, and with good breeding, and fine man ners, and getting on in the world, and that was all. It is not philosophical for any man to say ho will not be moved by fear. We are moved by fear in other directions; and why should we not be so moved by the things that God has sworn shall come upon every soul of man that doeth evil ? Supposing you were taking a walk and found yourself at a railway crossing. You wished to go across in this direction, but you saw an ex press rushing down in that direction, I rather think you would judge it the better part of valor not to try conclusions with that train, but to be moved by wholesome fear. My brother, my sifter, God's judgment express is coming. Be cause the grass has grown a little between the rails, the devil gets you and me to believe that no more trains are to be run down the j.udgment line, and we actually walk between the rails. Stand back! Step out! It's coming! That awful word that appears on the page of revela tion, "Flee from the wrath to come," is no vain word, no hollow sound. THE DARK CLOUD LIES BEFORE US AND BEHIND US. We notice further that on that awful, night God toole this matter of providing a way of escape from His righteous judgment into His own hand. He left nothing, to chance. He left nothing to huruaiuwisdom. He laid down a way of salvation so plain that he who ran might read. And that again is why, to me, this old Gospel is such a glorious Gospel. It leaves nothing to man. In it I soe m'y Heavenly Father, my blessed Saviour, and the Holy Ghost, thc Eniightenor, la boring-shall I say'.'-to come down and strike my level, my darkness, and ignorance, and sin fulness, aud incapacity, and ip lift me up to the height of God's thought, and tho safety of God's salvation. Ah! but this also is to some of us a stone of stumbling and a rock of offence. I can imagine again tho objector saying, "Now, preacher, I never heard a man who in such a short time had gene so clean contrary to all my notions. Preacher, you are utterly out of it; you and I are standing back to back." Well, turn round and look me in the face. You fe'.! as I used to feel. That is all. ' My great objection is that you Ie&ve; nothing to human means, and'T can't get over it." And yet 1 trust you will get over it, for all truly wise mon have admitted that in simple obedience to God's Word they have struck THE TRUE PHILOSOPHY.. See how emphatically tho narrative brings that cut. Suppose now that' on that night of crisis God had said to Moses, "I am coming to* smite the Egyptians. Save yourselves ; fall upon some 'plan .so that My angel of death may pass you lover." "When:'Moses gathered all tho elders pt Israel, can you niagiuo some greybeard standing up and saying, "Moses, the circumstances are certainly very, solemn; Indeed, I beg to move'that . tboheads'of families take a lamb without blemish, and keep it for a certain number of days, and then kill it, and catch the blood in a basin, and get a bunch of hyssop and strike the lintel and the two side-posts with the blood." We see at once that such a plan of salvation would never have dawned upon the mind of Israel. No; but God did not leave them to themselves, and He has not left us. Always before the wrath He sends the mercy; before the deluge He sends the ark; and before that awful day that'is coming Ho has sent us the Gospel to tell us tbat Jesus Christ is here to be oui' Ark of Safety, our Pass over Lamb, trusting in whose shed blood there is no condemnation. I can imagine A RATIONALISTIC ISRAELITE rising up and saying, "Now, let us stop a minute. I fail to see, Moses, with all deference-I fail lo see what possiblo connection there can be be tween the slaying of this innocent lamb and ray deliverance from God's judgment that is said to he coming abroad to-night." It is just the objection to-day. "What possible connection is there between this Person who is said to die for us and our real condition? How can there be such a thing in any real sense as substitution?" Ah! it is easy to ask these ques tions, and any fool can ask a question that no philosopher can answer. I don't think we are showing the depth of our wisdom hut the opposite when we speak so. God simply said, as it were, "Don't do it, if it docs not1 suit your mind. Here is My way: I leavo il to you." Watch that swelling, bursting desire in your soul, my young brother, to know every thing. Hold thou the truth; define it well; ' For fear divine philosophy Shuold push beyond the mark, and ba Procuress to the "lords of hell." This story powerfully illustrates the doctrine ot; substitution. If these Israelitish fathers that night ? did this thing-not merely with the eye and the hand, but also with the heart, each man, as he i took, that white, 'innocent, helpless, thing and (plunged in the knife, and the gurgling blood flow ed cut, was ibound,'tO hav,e. this thought in his 'heart: "If I have not to die, something else has I that's clear." Ah,philosophy, modern science, new gospellers may ga. th er, round this old atone ment and put hard questions tq it; but if you make the Bible your text-book, there is no getting out I of it. "Without shedding of blood is no re m i s I sion." I LOOK HOW THEY DID IT. j "Ye shall take a bunch of hyssop." Notice again' the great pains that God took to keep these people right. If any Israelite that night was lost, you can see why he was lost. It wars because he was a fool, and he died as a fool dieth. How simple salvation is when you take God's way! Hyssop was a common thing, like om broom, or furze, or whin. You vern ember in your own coun try ihome there was a very email .utensil that was made of broom, and I believe among Israelitish housewives there would bo a great rush on that humble article; and if there was none, out to Ü;e f'rst dyke-back and get enough to do the turn! But what is thc hyssop? Well, what ie that faculty in my mind and heart that is as common as a bunch ot hyssop in Egypt or a heather-scrub ber in our houses? Surely it is just Faith. Sup poso we should wake up some morning aud find that no faith in our f el low-men was left in our breasts, what a howling bedlam this world would become; and it ls bad enough already! God says, "Take that common thing." Don't go dreaming about, saying, "Oh, I wonder what faith is. I wonder if mine is the right kind of .faith." TAKE YOUR OWN KIND OF FAITH. and put it out to God. Do you hear me? Man, woman, stop trilling! The night is wearing, and the judgment is coming down. Don't get excited; but be saved! Do you see that cross erected on a hill outside Jerusalem? Do you see that Roman'soldier as he drives the spear into the side ol Him who hangs thereon? Now mark! that blood that Hows from ?the wound was the last blood that was ever to be shed for human sin. It is completed; and it' you will not take your bunch ot hyssop and dip it there then "there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins, but a certain fearful looking for of judgment and of fiery indignation, which shall devour the adver saries." Men and women, again you are at the cross of Christ. Are you trusting Him? For unless your heart is sprinkled with that blood, your feet are red with it. Thou art trampling under foot the Son of God! "Let none of you go out at the door of h'm house . until the morning." That is to say, come to Christ and thou abide in Christ. I can well im- . agine that as that night wore on, and all Ulinga ' continued as they were throughout the day, there carno to be no small stress upon the Israelites' faith and obedience. I can imagine some eldest son with more boldness than faith wanting to go out. I can sec him pacing up and down restless, a« you and I are sometimes restless when worldly men and women tell us, "You are living a poor, dull, doltish, sheepish life, you evangelical Chris tians; come out, come out!" And I can imagine, as the Egyptians were look ing in through the windo ws and laughing at those inside as they sat down to that sacramental feast, some young fellow would feel his cheeks burning. "This is a shameful thing to be shut in here. It isn't manly; it isn't heroic." Ami his hand is oa the door, when his father and mother cry out-' "BACK! BACK! For your life, keep in! For the word is-^Let non© go out until the morning." God 'help you, my brother, my sister, living in this nineteenth century and feeling the stress and dint of its tempests both in flesh and in mind, to stay by the slain Son of God as your anchor, your, only 'hope, all your salvation and all your desire! True, the laugh is against us now; but we wait "the morning" for our justification; and then let them laugh that win. Seemingly thc unbeliever, lias a larger life and a wider freedom than we have,' tout it is only in the seeming. Since the day I came to Christ and swallowed all my difficulties and stooped to conquer, I have not found that any legi timate aspiration of mind or 'heart has been denied 'me. It seems a life of bondage: lt is really a life of truest liberty. And it is only-thank God for that word!-"till the morning." . When that morning broke, who), was wise, and who was foolish? ' Againi urge you ' -Come to Christ; and, having com'e, abide in Himg ' for the promise is, "^V'hen I eee the blood, I Will paas over you¿" . * "* -*". 