THE STORYTELLER. MAZEPPA. By ETHEL MILLS. It was soon after the first remembered sorrow of our lives—my father's death — that Mrs. Wycherley sent an urgent invita- tion to Willwanda. Jack, myself, and little Susie were to spend a month at Reedy Creek, which was then the largest and finest station in the district. The Wycherleys did most things generously, some said ex- travagantly. The great rambling house was a paradise to young people, and it was with lightened hearts that we set out. Jack led a packhorse, I had Susie perched in front of me, and we reached the station early in the afternoon. As we turned the corner of the long lagoon, we heard the bell peal out, and could see a cloud of dust rising in front of the culvert. "Something's up," said Jack. "Let's can- ter on. They wouldn't ring the bell at this time for nothing." But even as he spoke out of the dust came a crowd of Wycherleys, mounted on xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx large family, and all who could ride were there, from big, black-haired, blue-eyed Lance to the fat seven-year-old twins, "Bob and Betty". They were upon us in a minute, all shouting and talking. I managed to gather that "Mazeppa had cleared out, and we were to put the pack horse in the paddock and go out to see the fun." We had been at Reedy Creek on for- mer occasions when Mazeppa had run away, so we were quite willing to assist in captur- ing her. I told Susie to hold on tight, and was soon cantering along in the rear of the procession. Mazeppa 16 years ago had been a fat yel- low half-caste baby. The blacks were very wild in those days, and had speared some of Lance Wycherley's cattle. In retaliation he had collected several "guns" and dis- persed the camp. Dispersing meant a good xxxxxx. Very probably it resulted in sending several of Mazeppa's relatives to their happy hunting-grounds. At any rate, she was found next day in a deserted gull- ey and no one ever returned to claim her. And Lance felt himself responsible for the orphan's welfare, and, taking her home, gave her to the childless wife of the over- seer to keep. As time went on Mrs. M'Shea became very fond of the elfin baby. So indeed, were the children at the big house. As she grew older she shared their governesses and tutors, and spent most of her time with them, and was especially the friend and companion of fair-haired Gracie Wycherley, for their ages were, as nearly as could be known, the same. The overseer's wife read Byron, and, be- ing particularly struck with the name Ma- zeppa, had so christened the child. It seemed to suit her very well. She was a short-tempered little thing, and given to strange and sullen fits of restlessness, which always terminated in an attempt to run away. She was generally found, and brought back very soon. Repentant and silent, she wouId then settle down, and become her happy self for several months, until the wandering fit was on again. As her com- panions usually got a holiday from the much suffering teacher to look for her, they hailed the news of her disappearance with delight. Of late years Mazeppa's restless fits had come seldom, so that we had unexpectedly dropped into a hunt. Mazeppa was apparently happy; indeed she was the spoiled plaything of them all, and was never made to feel belonging to a despised race. Therefore, to most people her sudden wandering fits were unaccount- able. Some wild message of a freer life. whose import we could not gather, seemed to be heard by her in the wattle- scented breezes. It was generally when the wattles had burst into bloom that Mazeppa went missing. We had not far to go; the girl had only been missed a little while, and by sunset we had tracked her to a pine ridge, and seen glimmers of her white dress in the topmost branches of a pine tree. Young Lance did not like to be reminded a few years later of the way he, with the help of Jack, attacked the giant trunk with axes, when threats and entreaties had proved vain. Their last device succeeded, and Mazeppa came down weeping and miserable to be soothed and petted by Gracie, while the others raced and shouted along the forest aisles as full of health and spirits as a stockyard of young horses. Did I say that in a few years Lance hated to be reminded of his boyish roughness? A ROSELLA. TRENT. DEVON. ACTON. METFORD. THE GRAFTER. GAULUS. DREAMLAND. \\\ ATERCOLOUR. KEY. PAUL PR f. AYRSHIRE. PARTHENOPjEUS. AMBERITE. FINISH FOR THE CAULFIELD CUP. few months, I should have said. As the year drew to a close, Lance had put aside a good deal of his boyishness, although he was only 19. Gracie had her hair up, and Mazeppa, whose figure showed womanly curves that Gracie's lacked, had gone into long dresses. I wonder if motherly Mrs. Wycherley and her bluff kindly husband realised how very pretty the half-caste girl had grown. They always looked on Ma- zeppa as a plaything and spoiled pet of the household, and no one but a stranger would notice the look in Lance Wycherley's eyes. Perhaps Lance himself least of all realised that his eyes did change when they rested on Mazeppa. My memory of her seems always connected with the sunny corner of the verandah, where she used to sit and play with the twins; of the big sofa, with its silken cushions, in the cool, flower-scented drawingroom, and a white- clad figure curled up luxuriously amongst them; of a rich, sweet voice singing weird songs; or of little useless brown hands bringing soft music, with a charm all its own, from the old schoolroom piano. Music was the only thing the long-suffering tutors at Reedy Creek could drill into Mazeppa's head. For other lessons and the constraint of school-hours she cared not a jot, and forgot anything as soon as it was told her. She helped Mrs. M'Shea a little in the mornings before she came over to the big house—only a very little; otherwise, she was contented with the part she played in the big Wycherley household. Other changes had taken place. Gracie had an admirer, and it was for this reason that she lengthened her frocks and put up her hair. Although 16 she was still childish in figure and face, in spite of her many inches and slim waist. I looked at her admirer with awe and reverence the first time I saw him. He was a new chum, and had taken up a selection on Reedy Creek. He was not of the hard-working, moneyless kind, for he spent most of his time playing tennis at the station, and seemed to have enough of this world's goods to buy Gracie boxes of chocolates such as bush girls seldom see, and all the latest books and papers. He was a good looking, grey-eyed man, with a long reddish brown moustache, and he dressed well, and talked society talk, which impressed us im- mensely. It was wonderful to hear him carelessly mention "Brindisi", and give his opinion of the different "liners", or begin a story with "When I was at Monaco." He made Jack and Lance look overgrown and countryfied, and he always spoke of them as if they were babes in arms com- pared to himself in experience of the world. He was not by any means a good man; but that we did not know then, and it was a characteristic of the carelessness of the elder Wycherleys that he was allowed to mix so freely with the growing sons and daughters. Mazeppa was away staying with a friend of Mrs. M'Shea's in the township when we came this time to Reedy Creek. I re- ceived most of Gracie's confidences. She quite thought he meant to propose, and so did I, for we were young enough then to think men meant all they said. He cer- tainly paid her marked attention. Gracie was only undecided as to whether she would accept him at once or keep him wait- ing a year to "try his love". She went about with a proud and haughty manner, as befitted the future bride of Cecil Sey- more, and was much reviled by the younger fry for her new pronunciation of words such as "brown" and "round," which she had hitherto used as if they had an "a" in them. Lance did not like Seymore, and hinted darkly that he could not ride for sour apples; but Lance was not on the scene long, for his father shipped him off on a Iong droving trip before Mazeppa returned. Perhaps something had opened his eyes to the fact of his eldest son's infatuation. On the afternoon of the day Mazeppa re- turned, Cecil, as usual, rode over to the sta- tion. I was in the hammock on the veran- dah, and through the open French windows could see Mazeppa curled up on the sofa. Her wavy hair was lying in heavy folds against the cushions, her scarlet lips and soft olive skin set off by its inky blackness, and the long lashes were half veiling her wonderful dreamy eyes. The white muslin clung round her like Indian drapery, and the grace of the picture struck even me, to whom it was a familiar thing. No wonder that the man who saw it for the first time stopped and gazed his fill at the pretty scene. Something in his bold yet guarded eyes struck me unpleasantly, and I tumbled ungracefully out of the hammock, and, bustling into the room, was in time to see Mazeppa's pretty confusion and start of surprise, and to make the two acquainted by a formal introduction. Then Gracie came in, her fair hair done up in a wonder- ful and tortuous style, and drawn primly off her low white forehead. She was de- cidedly pretty, as a budding flower is pretty with a promise of future glories, but beside Mazeppa's tropical face and womanly charms she looked but a gawky schoolgirl. I wondered if Mr. Seymore noticed it. At night Mazeppa played and sang to us, and Cecil sat silent in the canvas chair, dutifully whirling a silver-mounted horse-tail over Gracie's fair head to keep away the mos quitoes. In the days that followed Mazeppa seemed to change. The restless fits seemed gone for ever, and she was actually seen to attempt to help her adopted mother with the iron- ing. Mr. Seymore came as often as ever, and Gracie still posed as the haughty bride to be. One night she talked to Mazeppa and me about it as we sat on her bed and watched her plaiting her hair. "Has he ever said he loves you?" I in- quired. Gracie nearly dislocated her neck in an attempt to look at her back hair over her shoulder in the glass, while she calmly re- plied, "Well, no, not exactly, but he just 'looks', you know, and says, 'How you will enjoy your first season in London!' and 'when you see Farnborough Manor' (that's his place at home), once he squeezed my hand under the table and said I was unkind when I dragged it away and glared at him." "Of course," I said, "If he did that it is just as good, and will you let him kiss you, Gracie?" "That depends; when we are properly en- gaged I suppose he might," answered Gracie as calmly as if she were discussing a picnic. "But I don't care about it much. I've only been kissed by father, whose beard is so prickly, and the boys, who hug like bears, and don't kiss nicely at all. On the whole, I think I won't allow kissing." Then Mazeppa spoke. "If I loved a man," she said, "he could kiss me for ever!" Gracie smiled in a superior manner. "Child," she said, "No one could love a man until she was engaged to him; besides, you don't know what love is." "But I do," cried Mazeppa. "I love you, Gracie. Oh! I love you," and she sprang off the bed and rushed up to the startled Gracie, and threw her arms passionately round her. "Of course you do," laughed the fair- haired maiden; "but it is different, quite different. Oh, you impulsive darling, you have pulled all my hair down." Mazepna dropped her arms by her side, AMBERITE, WINNER OP THE OAULFIELD CUP. i A and walked to the window, her bosom ris- ing and falling, her starry eyes full of a strange fire, while we two heartless school- girls laughed at her wild words, and at the idea of Mazeppa in love. Yet she knew, and we did not. As time went on Cecil Seymore came oftener, and even Grace began notice how he haunted Mazeppa. At first she thought it was accidental; then she grew angry—not with the girl—I do not think it entered her head to be jealous of the half- caste, pretty as she was. It seemed impos- sible to her that any man could admire a girl who could scarcely read or write, whose hair was too short and wavy to be done fashionably, and, worst of all, who was distinctly "fat", for so we designated Mazeppa's womanly plumpness. No, she was angry with Mr. Seymore be- cause he neglected her, and she showed it pretty plainly one moonlit summers night, when he elected to escort Mazeppa over to Mrs. M'Shea's for some music instead of taking Gracie for a row on the lagoon. She flounced out of the room in a very undigni- fied and anything but "grown-up" manner, and, seizing my arm dragged me by it into the boathouse to talk. "I do not believe he is in love with me after all," she declared. I was obliged to agree with her. "No, lovers don't behave like that," I said. Gracie was not put out. "I'll just scorn him to-morrow, and for ever," she said; "and really, Francie, I'm not sorry. It's an awful bother behaving in a grown-up way. I'm just dying to take up the tuck in my dresses again. Jack beats me always at tennis now, and I know it is only because my frock trails on the ground. I won't rest until I beat him. Jack is sensible, and I like him, in fact, if I marry at all, the man must be an Australian! I quite decided to-day, when I saw how Mr. Seymore's trousers ruckled up when he canters. Mark my words, Francie, that man could not sit a pig-root," with which sentence of condemnation Miss Wycherly gathered up her skirts, and challenged me to race her to the white gate. That same night she slept the untroubled sleep of girlhood, whilst I tossed and tossed and counted sheep, and said the alphabet back and forwards, in a vain attempt to follow her example. It was hot, and I believe I was thirsty and hungry, for I suddenly had visions of a certain tree of Royal George peaches in the lower garden. I donned a wrapper, and stepping through the low window, I made my way to the orchard. The moon light was almost as bright as day, and I soon filled the pockets of my gown with my treasure trove. I was returning through the shrubbery, where shadows lay thick, when I heard voices. I out the branches of an oleander aside, and was upon Mazeppa and Mr. Seymore before I knew what had happened. I drew back, for I had come on a love scene—a real one—for Seymore held the girl tightly in his arms, and was passionately kissing her red lips. "Disgusting," I murmured. "I've a good mind to jump out and frighten them. Then I changed my mind, for some latent woman- liness softened my youthful hard-hearted- ness. "She would hate me to see her," I thought, and I waited to see if they would move on and let me escape. "You will be my own, my darling, for ever," he whispered. "I will take you away from this dull station. I will give you jewels, and everything a woman could wish for. My life will be devoted to you — my beautiful, tropical flower." His voice was shaking with emotion, and he looked like a lover in a picture. Mazeppa's voice was low, and strangely altered as she replied: —"Love you? Ah, you know it. You have always known it, but it is Gracie you must marry—she loves you; she will be engaged to you!" Cecil swore a little under his breath, and then laughed. "What a child you are," he said. "As for that skinny, prim, yel- low-haired little prude—could I kiss her as I kiss you, sweetheart?" I wondered if I ought to cover up my ears, and not listen to any more rubbish, but I was curious to hear what Mazeppa had to say. "If I was not here you would love her," she said with conviction. "Nonsense," he replied. "Forget her, and talk of yourself. Promise me that you will come away with me when I go to Sydney at the end of this month. Three weeks more, Mazeppa —only three weeks—and then you must be mine altogether. Do not say anything about it until I give you leave. Will you promise, beloved?" Mazeppa was dumb even to this pas- sionate pleading, and did not answer. "Then you do not love me," he said, mockingly. At this Mazeppa gave a low, strange cry, and flung her arms round his neck, bending the fair closely-cropped head down until it rested on her shoulder. "Love you," she said. "Ah, you know, you know!" This was too much for my feelings. I stole back to the orchard, and, going all the way by the kitchen garden, I reached our bedroom, meaning to wake Gracie, and unmask the traitors. "And Mrs. M'Shea will scold when she finds Mazeppa has stayed up so late," I thought. Gracie was sleeping so quietly I decided to let my news wait until morning. Then I fell asleep to be awakened by what seemed to my drowsy senses to be a white ghost, that crept softly to Gracie's bed, and kissed her, and cried softly over her, or was it only in a dream that I heard Mazeppa saying, "Good-bye, good-bye," with a sound of tears. It was not until the evening of the fol- lowing day that Mrs. M'Shea became un- easy, and walked over to the big house to ask Mazeppa to come and help her with the ironing. The girl as often as not slept in one of the spare beds at the big house, instead of going home. Of course we could only tell her that Mazeppa had left us early the night before. As for Mr. Sey- more, he had taken his departure imme- diately after breakfast, not at all disturbed apparently by the chilling scorn of Miss Wycherley and Miss Francie Farrar. There was no doubt in everyone's minds that Mazeppa had gone "wandering", and had this time an uncommonly good start. But my mind misgave me, and I decided to tell Mr. Wycherley all I knew, with the result that he rushed off to Mr. Seymore's selection, and thus lost two good hours. Mr. Seymore owned up shamefacedly to his moonlight love-making, but swore he had left her safely at the house, and he urged Mr. Wycherley to start out a search party at once. Mr. Wycherley called him a scoundrel, but took his advice, and the two men galloped back to the station to set matters going. It was plain to all of us what the strange, complex-natured girl had done. The clue lay in her words, "You would love Gracie if I were not here." Gracie cried bitterly, and so did I, for we both felt that this was no ordinary flitting. "They will never find her," I said. And they never did. A fearful storm came up, and the floods of rain obliterated her tracks, which trended towards the scrubs that swept up the ranges. In those days the blacks about Reedy Creek were still in large numbers. Sometimes we thought Mazeppa had joined them, her mother's people, and was living with them amongst the granite hills, but Mazeppa, with her dainty ways, her love of luxury, it could not be. Sometimes we thought she had drowned herself, and been swept down in the flooded gullies after the fearful storm. Or, again, that she had been hiding quite near, and had, with Seymore's help, got to Sydney. But that could scarcely be, for Cecil Seymore helped long and earnestly in the search. As time went on his ardour cooled, and he looked distinctly relieved when it was at last declared hope- less. Reedy Creek Station became a house of mourning. Poor Mazeppa, with her beautiful face and strange, unformed childish mind, and untamed nature, there was little about her to hold a man like Sey- more. Once gone she was forgotten. Old Wycherley could not forgive or forget, and \--------------------------------------------------------- Mrs. E. A. Robertson, .writing from Hiawatha, 43 Armadale-street, Arma dale, forwards the above interesting pictorial curiosity. She says "George Wal mer is an old identity, who has been on Mov-hall station, Narracoorte, South Australia, for many years; his age is 73, and that of his old mare Toll,' 37; her coat is quite long and quite curly." \------------------------------------------------------- Cecil Seymore found it convenient to sell his selection and take his departure from the district, and finally from the colonies. Even to Lance, as the years went on, bringing other loves and other interests with them, the girl became but as a tender regretful memory, and when the name of Wycherley (as the result of the big drought) was no more heard in connection with Reedy Creek, sweet Gracie, far away from the scene of the poor mistaken child's flight, allowed time, the healer, to console her also. She will never forget Mazeppa, but remembers her only as we remember the dead. There are a wrinkled, white-haired woman and an old man, whose working days are over, who still inhabit the overseer's cottage on Reedy Creek, though owners and managers rise, decline, and fall. And in their hearts the half-caste's memory is still green, for they nightly place a flaring fat lamp on the gate-post to show Mazeppa "home" again. 