THE MERCURY. HOBART: TUESDAY, JULY 15, 1897. EPITOME OF NEWS. Parliament re-opens to-morrow afternoon. Zeehan people are agitating for an over- land mail service. Annual social St. David's Guild Perseverance to-morrow evening. Best & Co.'s half-price sale of showroom goods this day. Saturday's senior football match postponed. Last month's Mount Lyell smelting returns published in another column. Wednesday next is the last day for obtain- ing discount an gas bills. Concert in Queenborough Schoolroom on Wednesday, in aid of distressed families. Members of the Loyal Rose Lodge, M.U., are requested by advertisement, to attend an urgent summoned meeting to-morrow evening. Hobart Choral Society's concert in aid of ' St, Luke's School repairs postponed until Friday evening. Philharmonic Society subscribers' names are now being enrolled. Full rehearsal choir and orchestra to-night at 8. Lecture at the Technical School this evening by Dr. H. Benjafield on "The Profitable Treatment of House Refuse and Sewage. Members of the Hobart and West Coast Railway League meet at the Chamber of Commerce on Wednesday evening next to consider advisability of holding a public meeting to protest against construction of the Ulverstone-Burnie railway, and to transact other business. Kovaleff, leader of the Russian living burial fanatics, has been interned in a convent. W. Barry challenges Towns to a match for the sculling championship of the world. Four young women in Paris have committed suicide by charcoal fumes. Colonial troops in England have disbanded and are now visiting their country cousins. Joshua Beard was executed in Adelaide gaol on Saturday last. V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase. Hayseed, 1 ; Vigil. 2 ; Confidence. 3. Some sharp fighting between Nieor police and Berlin reported. Five hundred of the latter captured, One English officer killed. Premier and Agent-General of New South Wales have been entertained by the directors of Bank of England. Slight outbreak of fire at Buckingham Palace caused alarm during the recent State ball given there. Commercial men of London have been quieted the Colonial Premiers. Oatepoken i»eeoaM»fet*Uew0e^W«tei?rtMier I Cape Colony Premier objects to admirals of protecting fleets being hampered by colonial conditions in time of war. Emperor Francis Joseph advises Suit in of Turkey to close with peace proposals as speedily as possible. THE session of Parliament which will be opened to-morrow will be one of very great importance to this colony, and may even prove to be a turning in its immediate history. The preliminary symptoms are not satisfactory, as they indicate a foolish northern and southern fight, for we notice that even the one reasonable Northern paper cannot keep the South out of what it intends to be a fair and impartial article. The South is like KING CHARLES' head in Mr. DICK'S petitions, for it will always intrude itself in spite of the very best intentions. Such is the force of a long habit of regarding only our own perfec- tions, backed up by prejudice of the ultra-provincial kind. However, as there is a tolerably close agreement as to the facts and as to what is required, we may hope that the foolish exhibition of last session will not be renewed, and that we shall not once again, add to the reputation for public incapacity which this colony has gained for itself in Australia, and which tended so much to destroy its influence at the recent Convention. Nor are the time and the occasion proper for the exhibition of paltry I local jealousies, since certain very important matters have to be decided which should be dealt with in a broad and national spirit In the first place, there is the question of railway making, which has suddenly become what is, called a burning one, and around which will congregate blind local selfishness, local jealousies, and public and party follies of all kinds. At this is sure to be the case, as it always has been in connection with every large public work yet undertaken, it behoves those who really desire the true welfare of the colony to act together, and set aside those local foolishnesses which have done so much to make us ridiculous and re- tard the true advancement of the colony. It is agreed by all sensible and unprejudiced persons, so far as we have seen, that the colony will be simply made to add more unprofitable railways to those already existing. On this point we have found no difference of opinion amongst those who really care for our solvency and reputation, and we can only express our profound surprise that the Ministry, after all its cheese - paring, its rigid refusal of even small sums required for urgent public works, should have an idea of constructing a non-paying line in any circumstances whatever. But, our surprise is still greater to find that at least one Hobart representative is so weak-minded as to show signs of yielding to the talk about " bridging over a gap, and other nonsense, and of losing sight of the essential question as to whether we can dare to venture on further wanton extravagance. It seems to us that if this course is persisted in his constituents should call him to account, for their best interests and the best interests of the country are being betrayed, solely in order to give a blind support to the Ministry, which even at present seems to hardly know its own mind. This sort of thing may be done by the mere time-servers, for it is after their own heart, but intelligent members of Parliament are expected to think for themselves, and if they will not or cannot, then their constituents must think for them and let them know the conclusion which has been reached. Let us hope, however, that before this railway question comes on that there will be a clearing up of the mental confusion which now exists, and that members of all parts of the colony will see their duty to be to consider the whole case as it affects the best interests of the public, and will resolve to do that duty in spite of party feeling and local influences. The people of the North-West Coast, who have been deliciously sold by the PREMIER will, no doubt, rage exceedingly, as did the people of the Huon once, for when a district wants a railway and thinks that there is a chance to get one, it cares neither for facts nor arguments. This was the case when £1,500 were spent on a survey of the Huon line, in spite of all re- monstrances, and purely for political purposes. But, we hope, we even try to believe, that after our past and present experiences such things will not be allowed to occur again, and that above all, the colony will not be guilty of the folly of making another railway to add to the almost unbear- able burden of taxation. And, here, we may point out that members will have to keep a tight rein on the Ministry. The TREASURER, as avowedly representative of the Ministry, has been paltering with the facts, and saying things which cannot be sustained. We say in the most emphatic manner that there is not a particle of evidence to show that the Ulverstone extension can be made to pay, in any circumstances likely to arise within the next few years. We say, further, that instead of Mr. BACK'S report being exaggerated as to the probable loss, it is far within the mark, and that the estimated You should have been stated si fe greater than it is. Ministers need not waste time and strive to darken counsel by excuses and explanations, as their opinion is worth nothing on such a point, and they can make no impression except by the production of disinterested expert evidence. This, they may rest assured, they will have to produce sooner or later, and they may as well begin as they will have to end, as that will be much more satisfactory to the public and creditable to themselves. We say further, that there is no evidence of any value to show that the extension would pay even if it was continued to Flowerdale, as stated, and that the whole business is one which is anything but satisfactory or creditable as far as it has gone. This is one of the questions in regard to which members and public men from all parts of the colony should act together, but there are others, such as the Income Tax and the true railway policy at the present time. The Income Tax is condemned everywhere and by everyone, but if one side of the island is played off against the other it will remain, and may become a still further oppression on an already tax ridden people. Then there is the very important-we think the all important question of a true, live railway policy, which may affect the interests of this colony to an extent which we cannot comprehend at this particular time. The West Coast is crying out for light lines, which all authorities declare are urgently required, and will open up a quite unknown extent of valuable country, and will, moreover, pay good interest on the money expended on them. When our actual railway policy, if it can be called so, was devised, nothing was known of the West Coast, and lies were told by the bushel. We are now very much wiser than we were, we have gained painful experience, we have new facts, new ideas and new opportunities, and we should deal with them in a wise and prudent manner. This should be a matter of concern to the whole colony, for our future depends on our present action, and we must not imitate " the base Indian" who threw a pearl away richer than all his tribe." Some North-West Coast people may continue to squeak and callous selfish and other names, but if they really saw their own true interest they would be the first to come over to our side. At all events, the general welfare must not be sacrificed either to local desires we cannot say interests-or to the want of earnest thought on the part of Ministers and some of their supporters. _ IT is often said, rightly or wrongly, that a woman, in every sphere of life, experiences more hostility from her own sex than from the other and that the successful woman as the object of envy and detraction on the part of the female rather than the male portion of humanity. Whether these familiar allegations are true, or are merely the inventions of the " brutes " who assume the lordship of Creation, is a useful subject for discussion in debating societies where " Indies area" not " specially invited." Bat, Without prejudice, attention may be directed to a queer state of things respecting professional women which exists in Victoria, and which suppliedasomewhatsur prising episode last week. There are BOW practising in Melbourne some half-dozen or nine "duly qualified medical women," nearly all of whom have studied side by side with men at the-ioedtcal school of the Melbourne University, and taken the degrees which the greater number of male students take at that establishment. But, it is a fact, now so generally known that it is impossible to conceal or ignore it, that such of these ladies as are in private practice are neglected by patients of their own sex, who openly declare that they prefer to be treated by the " men doctors." Two of these qualified ladies were appointed resident physicians at the Melbourne General Hospital eighteen months or two years ago, and, of course, these are precluded from engaging in any private practice ; but the | remainder of the small band of women doctors are existing alone and neglected, save one or two who have drifted into that haven or heaven of most women marriage. But, the incident which gives point to the attitude assumed in Melbourne towards women doctors was the election of a physician at the Women's Hospital last week. This is a flourishing institution, which deals with maternity and all cases affecting women and one would suppose that above all other _ medical institutions in a community, it would be pre-eminently the place where the services of at least one or two qualified women would be secured. At the piece on last week the large committee, which is composed almost entirely of ladies, had before them four applications for one vacancy One of the applicants was a woman one of those who, a year or two ago, were appointed to the Melbourne Hospital staff- but the committee rejected this applicant, and appointed a man doctor. The incident has its amusing side and from whatever point of view it may be regarded is a subject for thought. One lady on the committee (the wife of a medical man, by the way), made a point of declaring that everyone knew the committee were not hostile to women doctors," but tbereisabackneyedFrench proverb which says that he who excuses himself accuses himself. THE Vital Statistics of New Zealand for ten years, that is, from 1887 to 1896, bring out some curious facts in connection with the prevalence and fatality of diseases. We do not know that the facts are more curious in New Zealand than elsewhere, but they serve to illustrate the uniformity of things that at first sight seem uncertain, and the uncertainty of things that we might expect to be uniform. For example, accidents might be expected to show wide differences from year to year, and yet the deaths from this cause do not vary nearly so much as those from diseases that are always present. In the ten years the number of deaths from accidents has varied from 617 to 443, but the larger figures include a year in which a very serious coal-mine accident occurred, and if we admit that we shall find that the ex- tremes are not very great. Suicides vary considerably from year to year, taking single years, that is from 31 to 81, but if we take a larger period we shall find that there is a tolerably regular average. But, with certain diseases we find the most surprising variations, for which science; has been quite unable to account. Thus, for several years the deaths from measles and rubella amounted to only 1 in one year there was not a single death from these causes, while in other years the deaths were 3, 6, and 30. Yet, in 1893 the number of deaths suddenly sprang up to 525, and then sank in the next year to 14. What was the cause of this sudden increase and sudden decline 1 If that could be found out we should know a great deal more about diseases than we know now. Again, we find I wide differences from year to year in I | the number of deaths from scarlet J former, and still more remarkable differs ' senses in the number of deaths from I influenza. In the period the deaths from the latter cause have varied from Oto 233 ! annually, and there does seem to be ! something to show that this disease is becoming established as a permanent one. The deaths from whooping-cough and diphtheria also show remarkable variations, but not so great as those of the other diseases mentioned. Cancer is a constant disease everywhere, but the figures for New Zealand do not show that it is increasing, as we have often seen stated. The deaths show an increase towards the end of the period, but the increase does not appear to be greater than the increase in population. I AMONG the multitude of proposals made during the Jubilee season for celebrating the event loyally and with a keen eye to profit, direct or indirect, there was very little said in Tasmania in favour of a scheme which has been I heartily adopted on the _ mainland! namely, the issue of special Jubilee Stamps, the number of which being limited, and sales being made at more than the face value, money has resulted for charitable purposes. In New South Wales these stamps have gone on with great demand, and the hospitals have profited. A few days since a deputation waited on the Acting . Postmaster General of Victoria, proposing that a special issue of " Hospital Stamps " should be printed and sold for the benefit of charities ; stamps of the value of 3d. and, 2d. to be sold at Is. and 2s. 6d. respectively, the postal authorities to retain the letter postage and the balance to be handed over to the charities. It was shown that a large number would not go into circulation at all, as they would be bought up by philatelists, to be kept as mementoes of the Jubilee, and, us such, increasing in value as years roll, the proposal being to keep the issue absolutely limited to a certain number. The Acting-Police master-General saw some few difficulties in the way, but promised to submit the proposal to the Cabinet, he himself being rather favourably disposed to grant the request. What has been done in England and New South Wales might assuredly be safely done in Victoria, Tasmania, and elsewhere. In England the issue of " The Prince of Wales' Hospital Fund Stamps " in May last was a huge success as a means of instituting a unique memento of the Diamond Jubilee, and of increasing interest in hospital support and management. The design was taken from Sir Joshua Reynolds' picture of " Charity," with a facsimile of Albert Edward's signature underneath. The engraving was skil- fully done, every sheet numbered as carefully as a bank note, and when the strictly limited issue had been printed the Prince himself was to personally witness the destruction of the plates. It is on record that the Howland Hill post-card, issued in 1890, became so much in demand that its value advanced no less than 2,500 per cent. It is not unreasonable to suppose that the Jubilee stamps issued in Great Britain and other portions of the Empire will be sought for with equal avidity. Now, why should not little Tasmania chip in! If it is done, it should be done quickly, while interest in Jubilee celebrations still lingers. Popu- larity at the best is but evanescent. Even the Diamond Jubilee of a Queen is but a nine days' wonder. Already people are weary of the spurious tale of rejoicing, feasting, and felicita- tions, and 'it falls on deadened ears. Still, Jubilee literature and Jubilee mementoes will be pressed upon the public in endless tons for many months to come, and it seem? meet, therefore, that the combination of memento and gift of charity in one unobtrusive and yet significant form should have consideration. THE OPENING OF PARLIAMENT.-The twelfth Parliament of Tasmania will resume its first session to-morrow. As may be remembered, Parliament, to comply with Section 82 of the Electoral Act, met formally on March 9 last, and after appoint- ing a Speaker and doing some routine business was prorogued. The Governor did not attend, and the proceedings were devoid of the customary opening ceremony. To-morrow there will be the usual modicum of pomp and pageantry. The guard of honour will be formed by the T.), H. As there are three new or re-elected members HORN. W. Moore, W. Crosby, and C. E. Davies of the Legislative Council to be sworn in prior to the official opening, His Excellency the Governor will not arrive at Parliament House till some little timeafter3p.m. In the Assembly there are no members who have not taken their seats since election. The Address-in-Reply to the Governor's speech will be moved in the Council by the Hon. C. E. Davies, the newly-elected representative for Cambridge. The ROD. V. Crosby, re-elected 1st May for Hobart, was asked to second the Address-in- Reply, but declined on the ground that he might not agree with all the address contained, and would like to have an entirely free band. The Chief Secretary (Hon. W. Moore) being the only other re-elected member since last session, and it not being customary for a Minister of the Crown to move or second the Address in-Reply, another choice had to be made. The name of the hon. member selected has not yet transpired. In the Assembly it is probable that Mr M. J Clarke, hon. member for Launceston, will move the Address-in-Reply and Capt. J. W. Evans, hon. member for Kingborough, will second it FINANCE IS PARLIAMENT. The leader of the Opposition tion. N. E. Lewis) has received a reply from the Acting-Premier and Treasurer (Sir Philip Fysh) to his intimation that any extemporary explanation of the financial affairs of the colony as had been proposed by Sir Philip would be regarded by the Opposition as a breach of the agreement between the parties that no financial business should be dealt with till the Premier's return from England, Sir Philip's communication is vague, and Mr. Lewis cannot ascertain from it what course will be pursued by the Government. Personally, he thinks it would be better to proceed with the Financial Statement and estimates as usual. DEAF, DUMB, AND BLIND INSTITUTION. Alderman G. S. Seabrook and Mr S. Clemes, as a deputation from the Blind Society of Tasmania, waited upon the Chief Secretary (Hon. W. Moore) on Saturday, and were shown by him the plans for the new buildings for the Do if, Dumb, and Blind Institution to be created at North Hobart. These plans will be considered at a meeting of the committee of the society to-day or to-morrow. Mr, Moore is showing great interest to this institution, as indeed, be does in all philanthropic objects, and it is due largely to his earnest activity that the work has advanced so far. The Queen's Jubilee is past and gone GUNSLER'S BAKING POWDER still sells on. MATHINNA POST AND TELEGRAPH OFFICES. -The Inspector of Public Buildings intimates that the new Post and Telegraph Offices, Mathinna, are ready for occupation. These building will be an enormous improvement on the previously existing offices, by which a stranger to the township might have wandered half-a-dozen times without discovering that they were utilised for the despatch and receipt of postal and telegraphic communications. Cold meat made simply a treat. How? By adding to it WOOD'S TOMATO SAUCE. PUBLIC WORK. The following tenders have been accepted Roads, Parish of Woodsdale, road to French's, Cahill's, and Cornish's selections, contract 10, J. Gregson, £22 2s. 11d. State school and residence, Sidmouth (erection), D. Michael, £233 14., which includes £10 for extra work, if required. SOUTH KENSINGTON EXAMINATIONS It will be seen from our advertisement columns that examinations for S.K. Certificates are to commence simultaneously at Hobart and Launceston on Thursday, the 15th inst., continuing till Friday, the 23rd idem. It is also notified that in a few subjects, of which a list is given, students of secondary schools or others may, at Hobart, enter, as can be done at the various examination centres in England, and is so frequently done even by those who are also entering, or have entered, for the junior or senior locals. How can we avoid this heavy pastry ? Why, by using WOOD'S AUS.SELF-UAISING FLOUR. CHILBLAINS are painful and annoying. GOULD'S PRUNINg is a specific which will cure and prevent chilblains, Is. per bottle ; posted, 8s. 2d. For Chapped Hands, Lips, etc., AMANDINE TABLETS. a delightful preparation in convenient form, for application to chapped I hands. lips, and cracking of the skin through the cold weather. Is. per box : potted. Is. 6d. Prepared only by H. T. GOULD & Co.. 78, Elizabeth-street, Hobart. F. S. Browne Co., lAUnoaaUo Agents. T. A. Irvine, Zeehan 'Seat ROYAL SOCIETY OF TASMANIA-Pte evening meeting of the Royal Society of Tasmania will take place at the Museum this evening at 8. A paper of more than ordinary interest affecting the health of the community will be read by Dr. Gregory Sprott, the city Health Officer of Hobart. The subject is " The Disposal of Our Dead by Cromation." The question is an important one, and from such an able authority on health matters as Dr. Sprott, should be full of solid informs. tion. Messrs. Twelvetrees and W, F. Petterd, of Launceston, contribute a valuable paper, entitled ' On Some Igneous I Books from the Heazlewood District." At the close, should time permit, a discussion I will take place on the two papers read at a previous meeting, "in the Hare System us Applied in Tasmania," by Professor Jethro Brown and Mr. R. M. Johnston. EDUCATIONAL. Tuition will be resumed to-day by the Rev. J Gray and Miss Gray at 4, Arthur-street ; Miss Morrisby, at 45, Davey-street MR" Jenkins at home at New Norfolk to-day and to-morrow to receive pupils. To-morrow the Hutchins School re-opens after the winter holidays, HUTCHINS fcctiuoL.-Mr. R. L. Dunbabin, M.A., Cambridge, has been appointed to a mastership in the Hutchins school. Mr. Dunbabin is an old boy of the school, from which he took the Tasmanian scholarship in 1888\. He had a brilliant career at Gum bridge, taking a first-class in Classical moderations in 1890, and obtaining in consequence, a college exhibition, and a first-class in the final examination for the decree in 1892. COURT OF REQUESTS.-The following cases are set down for hearing before Mr. Commissioner Shaw of the Supreme Court- house, Macquarie-street, to-day, at 10 o'clock :-T»b*Tt v. Jackson, Taylor v. Jack, Ah Wing v. Humey, Gill v Grant, Stevens and anr. v. Hell. - Cuv POLICE COURT- Mr. B. Shaw, P.M., presided at the City Police Court on Saturday. Susan Palmer and John Uuuotu, charged with having been drunk, were each Sued DI., in default 48 hours'' imprisonment George Montieth, a youth, charged with having used obscene language in Liverpool-street, and who had been four times previously convicted, was fined £2 or one month's imprisonment. THE BROUGH SEASON.- There is already a brisk demand at Messrs. Walch & Sons' (or dress circle and stall tickets for the forthcoming one night appearance of the Brough Company at the Theatre Royal. As announced Pinero's comedy Dandy Dick will be produced. INDEPENDENT ORDER OF ODDFELLOWS or AUSTRALASIA. - The Grand Master, Bro. John Edwards, and Past Grand Master Bro. Geo. Coutts, arrived by express on Friday night, and were met at the station by the reception committee, and driven to the Hobart Coff co Palace, where rooms had been secured for them by the energetic acting secretary of the Loyal Jubilee Lodge, No. 16, Bro. Thomas Robertson. Arriving at the Coffee Palace they were met by the popular manager, Mr. Rees, who informed them that nothing would be wanting on his part to make their stay in Hobart an enjoyable one. After luggage, etc., had been seen to Bro. Thomas Robertson, in a few well-chosen remarks, gave them a hearty welcome on behalf of Loyal Jubilee Lodge No. 10 Grand Master Edwards, and Past Grand Master Coutts, who, by the way is also Right Worthy Grand Treasurer of the R.W.G. Lodge of Australasia, suitably re plied, and they then retired to partake of a splendid supper prepared for them in Mr. Roe's' boat style. FEMALE FORESTERS' SOCIAL -The members of the female branch of Court Florence Nightingale will celebrate their anniversary with a social in the lodge-room of the Temperance-hall this evening at 6 o'clock. HELPING HAND MISSION. On Thursday evening next, at 3 o'clock, there will be a musical entertainment given in aid of the orchestra and brass band funds. CUT BAND This popular combination of musicians gave two concerts yesterday afternoon and evening. A large audience attended at both. The various items were rendered in a highly efficient manner. A noticeable feature in the programme was the rendering (the selection "Iolanthe" (Arthur Sullivan), when the solos by the different eoleistB evinced loud applause. The Scotch selection, arranged by Edward Newton, given by special request, was well received. This band, under their new conductor, Mr. Tennyson Bates, shows a marked improvement. RIOUUONO HUNT-At hunt will probably be arranged for Wednesday next. MARINE BOARD TENDERS.-The Hobart Marine Board invites tenders up to Friday next for ells and paints. KINDERGARTEN ENTERTAINMENT. - To-morrow evening at the Town-hall an original and unique entertainment is advertised to be given by Kindergarten and day school seniors. A splendid programme is set out in another column. THE PARKES STAKER-The statue which the New South Wales Government propose to erect in Centennial Park, to the memory of the late Sir Henry Parkes, is made of Sicilian marble, somewhat over life size, the height being about 6ft. 6in and conveys a very fair representation of the deceased statesman as he appeared 10 or 12 years since. He is habited in a frock coat, buttoned up in front, and is represented in an erect position, apparently in the act of delivering a speech, having a document in his left hand, and his right resting upon time other papers, lying upon a small table covered with a cloth, the folds of which hang down to the feet of the figure. The pose is natural, and the characteristic features and appearance of the late Sir Henry are portrayed with considerable fidelity. The signature of the sculptor, C. Nicola, appears on the base of the statue. ELEPHANT BRAND COFFEE ESSENCE is both appetising and invigorating. SOLDIERS AND THE FRANCHISE. In the New South Wales House of Assembly last week Mr. Neild moved the second reading of the Franchise Extension Bill. He pro vessels this measure that persons in full military or naval service, who were not resident in barracks, should be allotted a vote equally with private citizens, rains would bring the law into conformity with England on this point. In some large cities in the colony it was found that the only person who was not allowed the privilege of a vote was the local drill instructor. He recognised that in giving all the military a vote there might, in an extreme case, be a danger of their block vote repealing that of the civilian population in a particular electorate, but there would be no such danger under this bill. The Speaker, after discussion ruled that the bill would not create a new class of voters, and the expenditure which it would involve would be nil. Mr. McGowen pointed out that the bill was not on the basis of manhood suffrage ; it provided for the enfranchisement of IIIOBO who could live out of barracks, and gave a property qualification. Mr. Fenn opposed the second reading on the ground that it might give rise to favouritism the part of commanding officers, and, leaving the " local member " open to approach by the private, might endanger discipline. Mr. Neild : Don't you know that Rudyard Kipling has said that the non-commissioned officer is the backbone of the British army 1 Mr. Fegan: I have read a greater poet than Kipling. (Laughter.) But if I were to quote the verses of that greater poet, they would be quite sufficient to damn this bill. Mr. Sleath was opposed to the idea of giving a vote to soldiers. If the bill were passed, no one would be able to object to soldiers darning a ballot to decide whether they should advance upon receiving an order in time of war, Mr. Garrard (Minister for Education) pointed out that the police were just as likely as the military to be called out to maintain order. Mr. Ashton took the view that all the arguments against the military having a vote would be just as strong, if not stronger, against civil servants having the franchise. He would endeavour to extend the operation of the bill as to give the franchise to the whole of the military. Mr. Macdonald opposed the bill, pointing out that a soldier, when he enlisted, voluntarily entered into a contract which removed him beyond the pale of citizenship, the rights of which he forfeited. The motion for the second reading of the bill was negatived on division by 44 votes to 22. THE ALL-POTENT POLICEMAN. What (asks the St. James' Gazette) of the most impressive thing about London? The collection of Jubilee visitors offers a fine chance for the inquisitive journalist to take a plebiscite on the point. The questions put by CHO writer to the Dyaoka of North Borneo now quartered at Chelsea Barracks show that the railways, and particularly the underground, astonish them most. " They could not believe it was over made by men going under in the dark, and railways going over them. It must be ghosts who did it. Men couldn't." Then there is the orderliness of the London traffic. Another is the wonderful way in which the London police manage the crowds. They are astonished at the obedience of the people. A policeman has only to hold up his hand and all the people must obey, they say. They think this wonderful. Curiously enough, this was also one of the things which Mr. Bayard, lecturing in America, said had struck him most about London. Almost the extremes of " civilisation " meet in admiring the London HOLCOMBE. s FATAL ROAD RACE The circumstances connected with the shocking death of Wm. C. Robinson, 19 years of age, which occurred on Saturday, 3rd inst., during the progress of a 25 miles road race in Victoria, elicited the following evidence Duncan McKenzie, architect, deposed that deceased asked him for the loan of the bicycle produced. To the best of his knowledge it was safe to ride when deceased took possession. Witness had been riding it himself during the whole of the past week up to the Friday. The portion of St which broke and caused Robinson's death was imported, and of English manufacture. It weighed 2lb. It was a road racer fitted with light American Fires. With Dunlop tires it would weigh 241. Deponent did not see any defect in the head tube. He had long experience in bicycles, and had been lending them for three years past. He lent them solely for the purpose of advertising a patent on them, which he was interested in, It was the first time he had had a breakage in any of his machines, and a similar accident to the one under notice might occur to any of the best makes. He valued the machine deceased was riding at £25. The portion that smoke was near the brazing of the tubing, just above the forks. The tubing was 17 gauge, and was brazed when imported. There) OSM no test made to the machines before they were used. He was of opinion that there was a quarter more pressure on machines in a road race than on the track. The shorter the distance of the road race, the greater the danger, because of the increased speed. Deponent was against road racing, and thought that for distances under 20 miles it ought to be prohibited. It had been stopped in England. WARUIOR CYCLISTS. AS an illustration of the increasing popularity of cycling in the army, especially among officers, It is interesting to note that the numbers taking part in the recent military procession at Aldershot, with the Duke of Connaught; at their head were 470 of all ranks, more than half this number being officers'. Last year the cycle parade was Held in July, when the camp was fuller than it is now, but the total number, then the 416. To this result the example set by the Duke of Connaught and his staff has contributed probably more than anything else. At the late gathering at Alder- shot every cavalry and infantry regiments, besides departmental corps, Royal Engineers and Royal Artillery were represented, and in some cases to an extent which showed that several battalions could each muster a strong half company of cyclists to act as mounted infantry in case their services were required for that purpose at any moment. The Royal Engineers, under Colonel Sir A. W. Mackworth, turned out a detach more numbering 44 ; the King's Own Scottish Borderers, 35 ; the 1st South Stafford, 31 ; 1st Royal Dublin Fusiliers, 27 ; 6th Dragoon Guards, 24 ; Array Service Corps, 31 and Medical Staff Corps, 29. Pro fiercely in riding and manoeuvring increases in proportion to the number of men who take to this UBI for exercise. SUPPRESSION OF JUVENILE SMOKING, In the NewSouth Wales House of Assembly last week Dr. ROSS moved the second reading of the Juvenile Smoking Suppression Bill. He urged that great evils arose from the use by juveniles under 16 years of age of tobacco. His object was to endeavour as far as possible to protect children from the mischievous. results of cigar and cigarette smoking. The evil of juvenile smoking had increased of late years, and he had felt it his bounden duty to bring forward a bill in order that physical and mental injury might be prevented. Everybody knew the first physical results of smoking. He had used tobacco, and knew the evil effects of it, But that was after he was 21 years of age and in the bill be only dealt with smoking by juveniles in public places. Cigars and cigarettes impaired the juvenile constitution, and must lead to a premature grave. The bill provided for fines or imprisonment on persons under 16 years of age smoking in the streets, and on tobaoooniiU for supplying juveniles with tobacco, Mr. Garrard (Minister for Education) said that the cheap cigarette was, no doubt, a great incentive to juvenile smoking. The idea of imprisonment for the offence, as provided in the bill, was impossible. Birching or confine- ment in a reformatory or industrial school would have to be substituted should the bill pass into law. The responsibility might be thrown on the licensee, as in the case of the liquor laws. It would, perhaps, be advisable to withdraw the bill, with a view to its re-introduction with necessary amendments. After further discussion, attention was called to the state of the House, and there being no quorum present the House stood adjourned. AMERICAN SETTLEMENT IN NEW CALE- BONES-The discovery of what it is expected will prove to be rich pearlshell grounds has led to the formation of a company in Noumea. The steamer La Perouse was to leave for Sydney on the 12th instant. An exploration of the island State for the graphic stone has been made, and the deposits are found to be of the right kind. A new line of niokol-csrryiug ships between New Caledonia and Havre is an accomplished fact. The Emile Renouf, the Felix Faure, and the Emile Siegfried (a four-masted ship) have just been launched. The co-operative party of Americans, who in the vessel Percy Edward put into Noumea in distress, have been made a liberal offer by the Government of the French colony. Their funds were low, and the vessel would require a great outlay to put her in order, so in view of the position the Government proposed to grant each person a small homestead selection of 125 acres in good agricultural country. The offer was accepted by many of the immigrants, and they have gone on the land. Thus by an accident, or rather an incident in a chapter of accidents, for the party was originally bound to the Solomons, was diverted to Fiji. where some settled, and then to New Zealand, which was never reached owing to the reverses of weather, an American settlement has been founded in the French colony. 