GLIMPSES OF SHADOWLAND THE LAND OF GHOSTS. STORY ABOUT A SUPERNATURAL WARNING. WHY GHOSTS WALK, IF EVER THEY DO. It has long been a popular belief that the soul does not leave the body until several minutes after apparent death, and that it finally takes its departure through the mouth in the shape of a little white cloud. The supposed es cape of the soul in this way gave rise to the idea that the vital principle might be transferred from one person to an other. Witches on their beathbeds se lected a trusty successor, and breathing into her mouth, transmitted with their last breath the familiar sr irit. The presence of pigeon or game fea thers is supposed to be a hindrance to the exit of the soul. In England a Sus sex nurse once told the wife of a clergy man that she never did see any one die so hard as Master Short. She thought there must be game feathers in the bed. So she tided to pull it from under him, but he was a heavy man, and she could not manage it alone, and there was none with him but herself, and so got a rope and tied it around him, and pulled him right off the bed, and he "went off in a minute -quite comfortable, just like a lamb." Tih ere is also a Hindoo and Mahommedan belief that no one can die peaceably except when laid in mother earth. In India the dying are always taken from their bed and laid upon the ground. Among seafaring men on the east coast of England it is delieved that the soul takes its departure during the falling of the tide. Much weeping for the dead is said to disturb the peace of the soul. A Ger man song tells how a sister wept inces santly over her brother's grave- At last her teal's became intolerable 'to the de ceased, because he was detained oh earth by her excessive weeping, and suf fered thereby great torment. In a fit of desperation he cursed her, and in conse quence of his malediction she was chang ed into a cuckoo, so that she might al ways lament for herself. People who believe in the re-appear ance of disembodied spirits find great difficulty in agreeing upon the weight and substance of apparitions. Most agree that the spirit retains the same bodily appearance as it had when in the flesh, immediately prior to death. Modern spiritualists put the weight down at three ounces. It is difficult, however, to reconcile the vaporous shape and intangible form with the heavy tread which occasionally makes stairs creak and. boards resound. Just as souls are possessed of vi-sibie forms so they are generally supposed to have voices though less audible than when in life. The Algonquin Indians of North America profess to hear the shadow souls of the dead chirp - .'like crickets. Appearances immediately after death, in action,- to friends at a distance are among the- best authenticated of super natural appearances. Captain G. F. Russell Colt, of Gaptsherrie, Coatbridge, Scotland, is authority for the following: "I was at home in Inveresk House, in Mid-Lot "nian, for my holidays. My bro ther Oliver who was lieutenant in the Seventh liOyal Fusiliers, and about 19 years of age, was then before Sebasto- pol. 11 e had been writing in low spirits, not being well, and I, to cheer him up, jokingly wrote that if anything happen ed to him he must let me know by ap pearing to me in my room, where we had often sat together as boys, and indulged in pipe and clrat. This letter I found subsequently he had received, just prior to going into the intrenchment.s, from which he never returned. It was the 8th September 1855, at the storming of the Redan, that he fell, struck by a bullet in the temple. He Was found afterward propped up by other dead bodies in a sort of kneeling position. . "That night I awoke suddenly and saw, facing the window of my room, by my bedside, surrounded by a light sort of phosphorescent mist, as it were, my brother kneeSing) I tried to speak, but" could not utteV a sound. By degrees, as ; I recovered from my astonishment, I de cided it must be a- fancy, and the moon light playing on a towel or something out of place. But looking up, there he was again, looking imploringly and sadly at me- I sprang out of bed and glanced : through the window, and saw that there was no moon.' -and it was very dark and .raining hard. . This I could tell by the sound against the panes. I turned and sttli saw Oliver." I shut my eyes and walked to the floor of my room. As I turned the handle before leaving I look ed back once more. The apparition' turn ed his head slowly, and looked anxiously and lovingly at me,, and I saw then for the first time, on the right temple, a. wound with a red stream flowing freifri it. His face was a waxy, pale tint, baT, .transparent looking; so was the reddish/ mark. But it is almost impossible to de scribe his appearance. I only know that I shall never forget it. "I left the room and went into a friend's room and lay on the sofa the rest of the night. I told him why; I told oth ers in the house, but when I told mv father he tcld me not to repeat such non sense, and especially not to xec my mother know. ' "On the Mondav rr-now-msf <rie-- news came or. tne storming ox zne Re dan, but no particular.-. a col:i my friend -to et u i u name anon e i i a t before I a l \ o a i he came ti a\e ra i r room in my mother s house in .Achoi in crescent m Eamouran. I said. " I sup pose it is to tell me the saddest news I expeGt?' and he said 'Yes.' Both the Colonel of the regiment and one or .two . officers who saw. the body confirmed the fact of the appearance as much as I had described it, and the death wound was exactly where I had seen it." Well authenticated cases where people have been warned of their coming death bj- spirit appearances are innumerable. Such, for instance, is the celebrated Lyttleton ghost story. : Among this class the following is re markable:— Dr. W. and Mr P-, both clergymen and graduates of Oxford, had been close friends during their university career. About the year 1815 Dr. W. had an ex traordinary dream, or vision. It was in. November, . and he was in residence in-, college. He had seen his friend P.'s face, pale and suffused with pain. He awoke with a suffocating feeling, but soon went to sleep again. He then dreamed that Mr P. appeared once more to him, with Ms features drawn, his eyes glazed and very wide open, with an expression of deep fear on his countenance, and that P ex claimed several times: — "W., they are burying me! W., they are burying me!" So deep was the impression made upon him that he resolved to ride over to Mr P.'s rectory the following day. Pressing- work, however, kept him from doing so, and in due course he went to bed and arose as usual the next morning. After breakfast as he was sitting by the fire,, he heard a tap at the door. Thinking- it was his servant he called out, "Come- in," without looking around, and con tinued reading. He heard, as he be lieved, the door open the next minute. P.'s familiar voice whispered in his ear. "W., they are burying, met" Starting up- he found the do-or shut and no one in the room. Greatly perplexed and alarmed, he sent for his horse and rode at once to his friend's residence. As he neared the house he noticed a plumed hearse and pair of horses standing on the gravel be fore the front door. On inquring of the servants, Dr. W. found that his old friend was in fact- dead, and that the coffin had been final ly screwed down. Stooping down, however, to kiss his forehead, he at once noticed the absence- of that peculiar and unmistakable- odor which distinguishes the death chamber. He then put his ear to the body's breast and lips, and exclaimed: — "Surely he breathes; this is not death; it is a trance. P., do you hear me?" There was at once a slight — a very- slight — paroxysm visible at one corner of the mouth; at le.ast, so it seemed to- liinr. Dr. W. peremptorily forbade the- funeral, and, after some discussion with, the relatives, the body was taken front the coffin and placed in a bed. Restora tives were applied, and, though the trance lasted for three days, within a week of Dr. W.'s visit Mr P. had re gained' consciousness, and lived for nine- years afterward. All' sorts of reasons have been given why ghosts wander. Among the Greeks- it was believed that unless the corpse had the necessary fee to pay Charon for- being ferried over the River Styx, it- was condemned to wander about the banks of the river for 100 years. . In later times it was usually deemed to be lack of Christian burial, or the result of wickedness when on earth, as in the case of the German ghost known as the- bleeding nun. This was a, nun, who, after committing many crimes and de baucheries, was assassinated by one of her paramours and denied the right of burial. After this she used to haunt the castle where she was murdered, with her bleeding wounds. On one occasion a young lady of the castle, willing to es- . cape with her lover, in order to make her flight easier, impersonated the bleeding nun. Unfortunately the lover, while ex pecting the lady under this disguise, eloped with the spectre herself and was haunted by her ever afterward. On the other. hand, the spirits of the good are- said to return sometimes for the purpose of aiding the innocent or avenging the guilty. . Then again there is the well-known Beresforcl ghost tale, in which Lord Tyrone and Miss Blank figure as the principals. They were orphans and educated together in the principles of deism. - When they were about 14 years old their preceptor died, and their new guardian tried to persude them to em- brance revealed religion. The boy and girl stuck to deism, but they made a compact that he. or she who died first should a.ppear to the survivor to declare w-hat religion was most approved by the Supreme Being. Miss Blank married St. Martin Beresford. One day she appear ed at breakfast with a pale face and a . black band around her wrist. On her death-bed she . explained how Lord Tyrone had appeared to her immediately after his death and correctly prophesied her future; how he had also touched her wrist — his hand being as cold as marble — and caused the sinews to shrink up and every nerve wither. The ribbon is still in. the possession of the Beres ford family, every member of which to the present hour will attest the truth of the narration. Different explanations of these appear-' ances have been put forward from time- to time. Dr. Hammond, in his work on "Nervous Derangement," cites the fol lowing case:— "A lady of highly nervoua. temperament one day, intently think ing of her mother and picturing to her self her appearance as she looked when dressed for church, happening to raise her eyes, say her mother standing before , her, clothed as she imagined. In a few- minutes the apparition disappeared, but she soon found that she had the ability to recall it at will, and that the power existed in regard to many other forms, even those of animals and of inanimate objects. She could thus produce the image of any person on whom she strongly concentrated her thoughts. At last she lost control of the operation, and was constantly subject to hallucu05.lkb'i+ of sight and hearing, . . , 