PERSONAL PARS. Trooper Fred Todhunter has jjickecl 'ii]- with a real Count who goes about with him and lms invitud him to his home ,-it Monto Carlo.- ? Writing on board tho ' Flying Scotch man,' screamiusr alone to Edinburgh, . Trooper Todhunter gives an interesting account of the review of the lancers by the Queen. ' ?' On Friday we were reviewed by the Queen. Wo arrived at- the town about 1 o'clock and marched through, to the .House Park, which is the royal ground near the Castle. Long rows of marquees, where !)0O of us were fed. Our officers' dined in the Castle in a room where up to the presoui none but royalties hud over dinud, so greivb was the desire to honor colonials. In the afternoon we were inspected by Her Majesty. Tho Queen drove past at a wa k in a private carriage, open and drawn by two greys, . just a few; feet in front and stoppingat each detachment. Her Majesty made a decided halt before us, and her audible comment was 'They are a fine lot,' ' They look uncommor]yrt'el'.'--Tho Queen gazed through her glasses at Mac kenzie and myself fev'quite a long time till I really thought she had an intention of stealing us, -mid I broke out into a mild perspiration.' 'Tho Princess of Wales, for a grand mother, is a remarkal le woman. She was within touch of me, und as I was kept waiting Iput in tho bimc noting her features. She has hardly a perceptible wrinkle on her face, and has' the fresh complexion and figure of a girl of 20.' — F. Todhunter. '?'While returning home from AVetherill Park in the early part of the weok Mayor Vallanco of Smithlield sprained his ankle,, and over sineo ho has 'boon confined . to' his. room. ' ?'??'. . We have particular pleasure in telling' the following true story, on, tho double ground that it rather tells against Tub Ahous and that it is another instance of the undying devotion of the gentler hox..: Two well-known members of Parliament were travelling do^yn to'Sydney in the train and they wero discussing the chances of cortain gentlemen at the approaching. General Elections. Differing ;tbout other members, botli gentlemen agreed that. Mr. Srhmles hadn't the ghost of a chance at Granvillo, and for a considerable time each was capping tho other's account of his stupidity and laziness and general useless ness as a member of Parliament. It was just before they got into lledfern that iu lady, who had been sitting hard by, got up and thanked them very heartily for the condemnation they had bestowed on Mr. Smailcs. ' If ho has got to represent such things as you,' she said to the astonished legislators, 'I hope to goodness he will never bo returned again.' Of course, the two legislators had never intended their conversation to be overheard and they were thunderstruck to find that they had been detailing the liolitical iniiiuities of Mr. Sniailes into the ear of — his wife. All honor to Mrs. Smailos, hiiy we, for sticking up for her husband, and we sincerely con gratulate tho member for Granville on the fact that, although all men speak ill of bini' politically, the very person who ought to know him best is eloquent in his praises; The many friends of the Rov. It. Rook will bo glad to hear that Mrs. Rook has. pretty well recovered her health andstrength after a serious operation, and is onco more' with us after an absence of nearly 12 months. Mrs. Rook was present for a. time at St. Paul's Bazaar last week, and was warmly welcomed by her many friends.. Reported in well-informed circles that a. recently endowed heiress in Parranmtfar. will contract a somewhat romantic mar riage. Mr. Albert Spunvay, who, with the. popular Mayor of Diuuias (Alderman 11. Johnston, J.P.), has boon working up the' organised Hospital movement in the district., underwent a serious operation in the Parra matta Hospital years ago, and, ever since his discharge, ho visits tho institution nearly every weok and takes in fruit or dowers or something in kind. It is a rare thing to see such constant practical grati tude from patients. Mr. Bpurway speaks, with enthusiasm of tho kindness and atten tion ho received, and never loses an oppor tunity of urging tho Hospital's claims. This latest movement of his is one that should ho followed right through Parramatta and the district, and if only taken up in tho same spirit as the Dundas people aro evincing, there would not be such a dearth of money in the Hospital coders. The Hon. E. Burton and Mrs. Barton turned up at tho K.S.-G.S. football match ,on Saturday to seo 'young Toby' play. It was the first tiinu that the lion, gentle man had managed to get 'a day oil'' to see his clever son at the game. And, as it turned out, tho game was a disappointment, as, owing to the weak play of the forwards, the buck division of K.S. liad little to do, Barton and Riloy .scarcely handling the ball. This ^yas bud luck for ' young Toby,' who is in groat fettle just now und playing brilliantly in ' practice. 'Toby's' brother is at tho Grammar School, and, us the game was a draw, tho result was grati fying to the heads of the house of Burton. Amongst other interested spectators wero Mr. Wuiitall, Rev. A. II. Coombes, Mr. . Corr and Mr. Bode. 