WAGES AND MARKET DODGES. Tua Register* Norseman correspondent wired on Wednesday that great indignation was expressed at the action of the Princess - Boyal directors, hy whose orders the .manager has posted a notice reducing the .miners',, wages to 10s. per shift. The men 'have refused to take the new rat« of pay. A meeting of local shareholders in the com ipauy was held in the afternoon- The opinion waa freely expressed that the action of the Adelaide directors was simply taken to .depress the price of shares. The following telegram was sent by the meeting to the Adelaide board :-"Undersigned holders Princess Boyal scrip protest against action your board re 'lours of work and wages. Ten boura too long ; sixty shillings too low for miners.' Cannot understand action board. .Same rate wages here as Kalgoor- lie, Coolgardie, where living much cheaper , »If action insisted upon means closing mine. Urge Board immediately rescind instructions. People here support the men. Reduction .will be strenuously opposed. This telegram cent aa the result of meeting of ll share- holders ; total, 8250 shares. Wire reply." The men at the mine are very quiet. They .haye all been paid off to the number of about 50. The prospects of the mine are brighter .than ever, and if the directors had not decided to reduce the wages the outputs would have steadily increased, as the reef is bocoming better and,better. Last month the company; turned out 655oz. gold from 318\. tons,i which must have given about £1500 'profit! The directors made a six- penny call, which did not depress the value of the shares, aa locally snch enormous con- vence is felt in the property that buying orders were sent daily to Adelaide. It is .considered by every competent person here that the mine is of great value. It is .hoped that tho telegram sent by the meeting will have the desired effect. As perhaps there are few countries in the world where defective teeth cause so much trouble as in Australia, we desire to direct . our readers'attention to the special advan- tages bf the treatment pursued by Messrs. JT. I. Marshall and Co., dentists, of 28, Wynyard-square, Sydney. If extraction is unavoidable, then perform it absolutely without, pain;by injecting a new remedy 'round the tooth, the fee of which is 5s. If preferred, ether or nitrous oxide gas is used. Similarly' they, stop the teeth pain- lessly with pure gold, or gold amalgam, &a;, *rom 7s. 6d. Also complete sec (upper and tower) of artificial teeth are fitted for £5. <Jood masticating poner, best lasting material, and nature, appearance of beauty guaranteed. Messrs. J. I. Marshall and Co., dentists, 28 Wynyard-equare, Sydney. The London Chronicle has been favored with' a picture of au appalling; invention literally "made in Germapy"-having for its object the prevention of premature burial. , The machine is well calculated to add a new terror totho graveyard, lt works .on th'e slightest movement in the buried .coffin, so that á passing van, or still more, a moving train, may by the oscillation it sets vp cause the dread thing to work. y» nd what happens is this: An iron box flies wildly upright, a bell clangs, and the glare of au electric lamp lightens the country- side. We can conceive nothing more trying to the nerves of the living than the consciouaneas that these ?dread engines are scattered promiscuously .over the churchyards of the land. Wo are mot afraid of ghosts, but we frankly confess that we would not piss by a church at night íif we thought that one of these tenors was .nigh. Captain F. W. Neitenstein, comptroller general of prisons, arrived in Broken Hill yesterday from dydncy. He le>t for Wil .cannia by thia morning's coach, but will ?return this way next week. *A correspondent tells the North West Pest «(Tasmania) that a degrading spectacle was witnessed at an > hotel at West Davenport .on Saturday evening last, when a beer .drinking contest took place among some .members of a local football club. Elated at their Buccess in gaining the premiership, a .supporter supplied the players with a large I keg of ale, aud gave a couple of prizes to the person who drank the largest number of glaises. The winner, tbe correspondent «tates, got through 27 glasses, while the runner-up had 25 to his score. The rcene at the conclusion of the orgie can be better imagined than described. Metters' Ovens. Prest and Hooking. * It has often puzzled the uninitiated why musicians tune their instruments in public, and .not before they enter the. orchestra. If they manipulated,them before, entering, the theatre or concert room, they might find the temperature different in 'the place'; of erfonnance, and the instruments would not in tune. i 