81 li ll U i i U » on, THE ?£ rSTEIt Y O F BTjA CK HOLLOW GUAXGZ. CIIAPTES. VIII.—Costeseed. The door of the chamber opened and Clo tilda entered, tier young lady started tip with an exclamation of delight. “ Ah, Clotilda, my mcssengcrhasreturned ; have von brought me a letter 1” “ No. raiss, not a letter, only a card. Sir Harry Tresham is in the Bine Drawing-room, and begs that you will honor him with an Miss Trevcthcn bit her pretty lip in hitter disappointment. *' How many of them arc there, Clotiitis, that beg to lie honored?” she cried, petulantly. ••It was Sir Hartwell yesterday, it is Sir Harry to-day. and no doubt there will be Sir Somebody rise to-morrow ! Why didn't you sav I was engaged ?” ClotiUle looked up at her imperious and beautiful mistress with imploring eyes. “ I wish you could fancy one of them, Mis3 Lenore,” she said, wistfully ; l*it might be better for tou !” “ So it might, Clotiidc, but I can’t do it, and 1 wish "they w-iuldn’t bother me. I must go down* I suppose, or we’ll have Sir Harry bach again to-morrow. Watch for the messenger, and take charge of any letters that And the young lady swept out and down the stairs to meet her titled lover. He met her almost at the door of the draw ing-room, r handsome gentleman, and one of the best matches of the season. >• M-ss Trcvethon,” be said, when the com plimcnta of the day had been passed. “ You know why I am Imre, no doubt, before I tell Vim ? I mil ordered rdf to Belgium, and must ieavc England in a few days,l have come for mv linr.l answer.” . “Sir Harry, I thought you had already re ceived it. V”smiled Miss Trcvethon, The smile encouraged the ardent suitor, and lie made bold to clasp the hand ho coveted, but site drew it away. Ah, Miss Trevcthon,” he sighed, “ do not trifle iv'ith me. You would not if you could read my heart.’’ “ I hare no wish to trifle with yoiii •Sir Harrv. 1 gave you my answer a week '““But I come again, hoping you may revoke vour decision.” “I cannot!” “ Miss Trevcthon, may I ask why ? I have heard that Hie marriage enjoined by youi late father's will is repugnant to yon.” “You hare heard rightly, Sir Harry. It will never be formally solemnised by a legal cere mony-” „ . , • Then, will you not suffer me to hope, Mi» Trevcthon ?” . She looked up into his eager, unpassionod '“'sir Ilarry, do you know that by refusing to marry my cousin, I lose all my father’s heritageshe asked. The young nobleman bowed. “ And vet you ask me to be your wife?’ “ 1 do,’indeed. It is vour peerless Eelf 1 want, Miss Trevcthon j my own wealth la ample.” „„ , She smiled softly, and her cye3 filled V?i6b “Despite the mystery which hangs ovormy poor father's name, you would give bis daughter the honor of bearing your own ?” sbe murmured. “ till, Miss Trcvethon, is it possible that I understand you? Is there indeed hope for me ?” cried the young man, flushing with eager delight. She waved her fair hand with a geslurcnot lobe misunderstood. “Hay, Sir Harry ; I really wish I could re ward your generous love, but it cannot be ? You see this tiny circle,” and she drew from her bosom the golden chain from which the little marriage ring hung ; “ it is a symbol of the bondage which I dare not break, which I would not if I could.” “ Then you intend to marry your cousin, Miss Trevcthon ?” “ Ho, I shall never become Richmond Trevethon’s wife ; but at ihe same Dine. X must consider forever sacred the cere mony which my father witnessed and sanc “ Why, Miss Tro’ethon, you cannot mean that you will never marry ?” She bowed her queenly head. “Sir Harry l shall never marry. Since I cannot take the husband of my lather’s choos ing, I will have no other.” lie began an impatient remonstrance, but she cut him short. “ Sparc yourself the pain and r.ie the hearing, Si’r Harry, since your words are wasted'. I repeat, 1 wish 1 could reward your generous love, but friendship is all I have to a* And thus they parted as .Miss Trcvethon and half a score of her suitors had parted be fore. “That is over,” she sighed, as she reascended the stairs. “ I wonder if my heart is ice. that none of them has power to move me I i hate my chains, and yet I would not break them if I could.” Her guardian confronted her M she was passing the library door. “ All, Lenore, my dear, I was on the pcint of sending for you. Come in ; I have some thing to show you.” She followed him in silence through the stately library, and into the cedar boudoir •' Y'ou have had a visitor, my dearhe re marked, as he led her to a seat and proceeded to draw- aside the curtains. “ Yes—Sir Harry Tresbam.” replied Lenore, indiilerently. “ Yes, yes ; I forgot to tell you to expect him. lie called on me yesterday with a second oiler for your hand in marriage, and, of course, I referred him to you. I hope you gave tiie poor fellow a final answer; he's dreadfully in earnest, and it is cruel to keep him in suspense.” “ I gave him a final answer, Sir Geof “ Ah, that was right. Y'ou refused him, of course, my dear?” Miss Trevethon’3 eyes began to flash, but she bit her lip, and answered, quietly; " I refused him.” “ I am glad of that, my dear. And now I have a little surprise for you. I have been planning it for weeks, mv dear and I trust yon will be pleased. Now. look he-e.” He drew aside the silken bangings which" separated theceder boudoir from a Email ante room and Lenore barely suppressed a erv of surprise and admiration at the sight that greeted her eyes. The entire room was in a shimmer of silks and Inces ; robes of the costliest fabrics and most exquisite designs, a bridal veil lhat shone like hoar frost, surmounted by a wreath of orange-bloom, on an inlaid table a mass of fallen stars. Sir Geoffrey watched her for an instant with eager eyes, and then continued: “ Y'ou can guess what all these finc.-ies mean, of course ? Your bridal trousseau, Miss Trevethon, and a more extravagant one never touched English shores. And there are your jewels, all reset and rearranged and the queen could not wish a finer selection. I hope you are pleased, my dear?” Lenore stood silent a moment from sheer amazement, then she raised her cool, calm eyes to her guardian’s face. “ I must give you credit for your tasLe ",a selection, Sir Geoffrey,” she replied. <• q'be trousseau could not be more elegant ; but it would have been wiser to have consulted me before you ordered it. Y'ou have wasted con siderable money to no purpose.’ “ Really, now, my love,” the baronet re sponded, “ 3'ou are t'ne first woman I eTer met who foun 1 fault with her wedding finery because it cost too much money. I fancied you would be pleased at that. However, set your mind at ease, for you can well afford theoutlav. I have managed your fortune well and the income has been sufficient for all the -xpense 1 have • -eurred, whilst the principal remains intact.' The girl curled her lip in indignant scorn. “ l’ray, do not afreet to misunderstand mt thr Geoffrey,"she said. ” You know my mean ing well, I do not object to the outlay. There was no need to order the trousseau, fori shell never wear it.” “ Why, Lenore, my love, what tog yon mean ? " “ You know, sir; but you shall he. r again if you like. I mean this: that 1 ,‘ave no need of wedding robes, because 1 sn>H never The baronet laughed good hutnoredlv. Pshaw, my dear ; that’s all nonsense I ” “ I beg your pardon.. Sir Geoffrey. Rut I am in earnest. What I fold you in the High lands I tell you hw*—I never will marry your son. ItgrieTes ns*, to disobey my father’s will, and 1 am sorry to take the Trevethon wealth ov.i of your hands, Sir Geoffrey, but (&e;{e it so kslp fo; it. Y'ou know me, viicn t toil you that i have fully decided, •ou will r.ul'seek to induce me to change ey mind; for it would be a mere waste of She arose to leave the boudoir, but her guardian faced her, a curious change coming )ver his smiling face. “ You mean that I shall understand, then, that you refuse to marry my son ? ” “Ido!” 11 What if I command you ? ” She laughed in imperial scorn. » If 1 dare disobey my dead father’s com mand, I shall not hesitate to disobey yours, sir 1 ” “What it 1 torce you ? ” Her eves flashed defiance. "Force, Sir Geoffrey? Do you venture to use such a word ? You cannot force me I If you presume to try, I shall resist and defy ^ “X tm yorrr guardian, and my power is supreme 1 Girl, you will do well to submit to ray wishes. X'have granted you every in dulgence all your life; but yon shall not thwart me in this, Do you think I will suffer t whim of yours lo make my only son a beggar, instead of being one of the wealth ia&tbaronets; in England? I tell yon, you shall obey your dead father’s will and marry “And I tell you I will not, sir,” she an Bwcred, fearlessly. He caught her arm, and held it with a grip that bruised the delicate flesh ; bis cruel eyes glared upon her like the eyes of a wild beast; bis breath scorched her teeth. “You fool,” he hissed in her ear, “if you resist my will 1 will runnier you ! ” The girl tore herself free of his hand, all the dauntless blood of her race glowing in her fair cheeks. “ You coward 1 ” she cried, “ to in’sult and threaten a woman, and one of your own name, lint,” she added, as she turned towards the door, “ you are not a Trevethon ; there is some mistake. You and your son are alike ; you do not come of my race, for they were all brave and chivalrous gentle He sprang at her with a cry like a growl of a panther. “ What ? ” he gasped, clutching at her dress, “ What do you say l Do you dare imply that I am not a Trevethon ? " She tore her skirts free, leaving the silken fragments m his hands. “ I say you are a coward, sir, and your son inherits your fine qualities,"she repeated, her voice ringing like a trumpet; “ and I do not believe one drop of the Trevethon blood runs in vour veins.” She strode like an empres from the library, and lie stood where she left him, his face white, his eyes glaring. 11 Wiiat does site mean ? ” he panted. " If I thought she suspected the truth she should not live an hour.” Lcnore went straight to her apartment: and rang for Clotilde. “ t shall not dress,” she said quietly. “Yrou can have my dinner sent up. 1 shall be busy this evening and shall need your assistance. I want my be5tclothingpackednp,forIshall leave Lyndith Hall to-morrow.” “ Miss Lenore ! ” “ Yes, Clotilde, I am going. Sir Geoffrey and I bavo quarrelled, and I must leave Lyn dith Hall," The woman’s eyea lllled'with tears. “ My poor, dear child, where will you Lenore put forth her slim hand and patted her attendant’s pale cheek. “ Don’t fret, Clotilde,” she said ; “ I shall find a home somewhere. The little brown birds live in the hedges, and not a sparrow falls without God's notice. Are we not worth more than many sparrows I We shall not starve or perish from cold 1 Of course, Clo tilde, you will go with me I ” The woman clasped her hands with a ges ture of unutterable train, her eyes full of a dumb misery that was terrible to see. Lenore looked at her in uLterastonishment. “ Why, what is the matter with you, Clo tilde ? ” she cried. “ For pity’s sake don’t wear such a face as that. You need not go with me unless you are willing. I was sure you would be, or I would not have mentioned “I am willing. Oh, Miss Lenore, I would follow you to the ends of the earth,” the poor creature sobbed, “ but—but—I dare , “ You dare not, Clotilde ? and why, pray? Ho you fear Sir Geoffrey? You need not look so terrified. Answer me, Why do you fear to go?” “ Don’t nsk me, Miss Lenore 1 I cannot The utter agony of the poor soul's manner made .Miss Trevethon pity her, impatient as she was of such mystery. “ Well, 1. will notseckan explanation,”she replied, “ and you can remain behind. But yoa will assist me with the packing, I hope. I wish to leave to- morrow, and desire to get among people who have no disguises. The people in this house all wear masks, it seems " Do not blame me, Miss Lcuore,” faltered Clotilde, as she set about her task. “ Do not blame you for being so silly, Cio tilde? Well, I suppose I should not. Are there any letters for me this evening ? ” In silence Clotilde bent over the trunk she was beginning to arrange. “Clotilde, did any letters come this even ing? ” repeated her young mistress." The woman made no answer. Miss Trevethon turned upon her with flash “ Clotilde, why is if that you do not answer my question ? ” she demanded. The woman turned round, kneeling as she was, and and raised her streaming eyes. “ Miss Lenore, forgive me, but I cannot “ You cannot answer ? "repeated the young iadv, her temper rising. “ Are you demented I I tell you you shall answer me. Did any letters come ? ” Clotilda's ashen lips uttered no sound. “I see, I Eee,” cried Lenore bitterly; “ they did come, and you have given them into Sir Geoffrey's hands. Ah, you cannol deny it. You side with my enemy—you Clotilde, whom I have loved since my in fancy I I expected better things of you than to desert me iu my hour of trial." “ Oh, heaven I was not my crrpalrendyfull to the brim ?” moaned the woman, letting hei head fall forward on her arms. “ Could nol this have be-n spared me?” “Get up,” Miss Trevethon commanded, “You need not trouble with the packing ; I want no tr.v'orous services. Leave me and go to your master. Go, X command you] and never dare to come into my presence Without a word Clotilde arose and crepi out. of the room. Lenore sank into the chair and looked out of her window on the wintry sea below. “ The entire household is in league against me,” she murmured, “and the Boonerl go the better. I would leave at once only the night is so near. If I could have got the letter I should have nothing to regret. I am almost sure it came. Well, I'll go to Scotland to morrow and see if I cannot ascertain. Sit Geolliey Trevethon shall be called to account for bis high-handed measures if he has dared to intercept my private correspond Meanwhile poor Clotilde, driven from the presence of the mistress she idolised, made tier noiseless way to a small smoking-room that adjoined the library. She hesitated foi some minutes when she reached the door, a curious expression in her poor, worn face, and then sire tapped twice or thrice. “ Come in,” answered a grull voice. She turned the knob anu entered, room was a cozy little den, luxuriously fur nished, and hung with sporting pictures of a low character. On a velvet couch, wrapped in an elegant Turkish gown, reposed the young heir of the house, Richmond Treve tbon, a cigar between his lips, and a small table, on which were a decauter of brandy and a glass, drawn up beside him. He turned as Clotilde stole in, and gave an impatient glance. “ What the deuce do you want ?” he de. manded. Her face was a study ns she stood for an instant and looked at him, her hands pressed hard against her heart, l’ain, unutterable love, and piteous despair filled her faded ^The young man arose, leaned on his e1 tow and glared across the room. « I say, what the deuce do you Want? Why do you stand there and gape at me like a fool? Out with you! business and take youi ghost-face out of my sigh’." The poor creature wir.ced and shrank awn; as if a keen blade had pierced her.. “ Think of the time when lie lay upon iny heart a hlesse 1 infant, 'she murmured, under her breath, her yearning eyesstili fixed upor his face. The baronet's son, losing all patience caught up ’he glass from the table with s brutal oath. “ Out with your bnsiuess, I say,” li' thundered, "and take yourself off. The gight o. you makes my blood run cold. I’d w to’n^s ft corpse ns your (allow face, Do you hear me ? Speak Quickly or I'll let a ray of light into your thick skull.” “ 1 beg your pardon, sir,” she faltered, creeping a step nearer. “ I came to speak to you about Mi&s; Trevethon.” The young man put down the glass, and a look of interest filled liis iafiamed eyes. Well, what oE Miss Trevethon ?” he de manded. u She is coming to her senses, no doubt.” ' She’s dreadfully set against her father’s will,” ClotiUle went on, made bold by the ! hope of serving the mistress she loved, “ She ! will be miserable for life if you force her to ; become your wife; and yet, if she refuses, she loses all her father’s wealth.” 1 “ Curse you I don’t I know that? Is that all you have to say?” roared the hopeful 1,1 Ifyou would only have patience and hear me ” continued Clotilde, her very heart in her mouth, yet resolute to accomplish her object. fi IE you would only be generous, sir, and not hold her to that marriage of her childhood. You might rcEusc to marry her, you see, sir, and release her from all obliga tions to you, and then she could still hold fcer fortune, and I am sure she would reward you handsomely, and you would be both so much happier.” “ Did she send you here with that non sense ?” interrupted her hearer, i “ Indeed,'sir, no. It occurred to me that if you refused her, instead of she refusing you, ! the fortune need not pass out of her hands ; and I thought—” , « Take that for your impudence,” cried Richmond, liis face purple with rage; and I seizing the glass again he sent it flying at the woman’s head. She dodged it with a suppressed shriek of terror, ami it fell with a crash n.t Sir Geof frey's feet a3 he entered the smoking-room. : Seeing Clotilde his eyes took on their wild , glare, and stalking up to the poor cowering creature, he clutched her arm w*itb a force that extorted a cry of pain from her ashen lips. “ What’s this ? What arc you doing here? he demanded. “ Why, she's here to penuademe to refuse to marry Miss Trevethon,” put in the son, oinking back iuto his recumbent position, “ and I throw the glass at her. I wish you would send her out of the house. 1 can’t 6ee why you want such a dough-face about “ I can see,” the baronet replied. ” I have work for her to do, Clotilde, follow me to the library.” Bhe looked at him as he uttered the com mand, and she cowered and crept after him like a beaten cur. “ Have you broken your oatb ? Have you dared to tell ray son /” demanded Sir Geof frey, as he closed the library door. “Xo, I hare not broken my oath, I have not told him.” The words dropped from her ashen lips in husky' whispers. “ It is well for you,” the baronet madf answer, clutching her bruised arm again 11 Let me even suspect you, and you shall die a death of lingering torture 1” ‘* L have suffered that for years. Oh, Heaven, will the end never come 1” she moaned. He threw her from him with brutal force. “ Silence !” he thundered. “ Xo whimper ing. Sit down and hear me ; l have work foj Without a word she regained her feet, and sat down in the seat he indicated, her haudi folded, her ashen face like stone. 