FOOTBALL. AUSTRALIAN GAME. WEST PERTH V. IMPERIAL. The attendance at the Associa- tion Ground on Saturday was the largest that has yet been seen at a football match in Perth this season. This may be ascribed to the ex- cellence of the weather for outdoor sport, and to the fact that the two leading senior clubs were meeting. At the outset a difficulty arose about the central umpire, as it was ascertained that owing to some misunderstanding Orr and Ward had both put in an appearance at Fremantle. They were communi cated with by telephone, and Orr said that he would get back to Perth as quickly as he could, and he was as good-as his word, for he arrived on the ground just as the interval for half-time took place. The game in the first half was umpired by T. Duff, who in former years acted in that capacity for the association, and who accepted the position with the consent of the captains of the opposing teams. With the exception of being slow — due to want of training — Duff gave as good an exhibition of umpiring as has been sean this season. He was prompt in his decisions, impartial, strict in penalis ing serious infringements of the rules, and wisely blind to minor laches. Orr also umpired very well, and the second half was remarkably fast, which seemed to suit the West Perth to a ' T,' as they completely galloped over their opponents in the last half. The score at the adjournment was West Perth 4 goals 8 behinds, Imperial 2 goals, and at the call of time it was West Perth 8 goals 15 behinds, Imperial 2 goals, the latter not scoring even a minor point in the second half. The easy victory was a surprise to everyone, for although the West Perth were slightly the favorites not even their most ardent sup porters anticipated such a ' run away match.' In every depart ment they sbowed a superiority over their opponents, and gave the finest exhibition of collective play that has been witnessed this season. Individually the men were brilliant, and collectively they were undeniable, and completely nonplussed the Port's representa tives. Where all were good it is somewhat invidious to particularise, but one man stood out so con spicuously by his brilliancy that it is only fair to specially mention him. The player aUuded to is Cullen, who was placed in the centre, and whose magnificent work throughout the afternoon re peatedly drew forth cheers. Not once throughout the day was he beaten, and his opponent, Mullaney, a player of no mean ability, never had the ghost of a chance. ' Duke ' M'Kenzie, roving, played with his usual trickiness and neat ness, and Marmo, Atkins, E. Lockwood, Jackson, Grecian, Jones, and De Cort (who played his best game of the season) were the others most conspicuous for their fine play. The burly ex Footscray player ' Jack ' Coward made his second appearance in senior circles this season, and his popularity was shown by the cheers which went up on each of the three occasions that he 'bagged' a goal. Morgan stripped for the seniors for the first time this season, and did some fine high-marking. The form displayed by the Im perial was very disappointing. There was an almost total absence of playing in concert, and cases of individual bungling were very fre quent. It is, however, only fair to say that some of the best men on the side had been crippled during the week, and only took the field owing to the importance of the match. One of these was Wilson, who was suffering from an injured ankle,which caused him severe pain whenever he ran with the ball. Despite this he played a verv fine game, and his kicking off was a treat to see. Greaves has not hitherto shown any great brilliancy, but on Saturday he came out of his shell, and in his position as back did. grand work throughout the afternoon. He repeatedly relieved his goal when it was attacked, and it is undeniable that the West Perth total would have been far greater had it not been for the cleverness he showed in defence. The others who did fine work were Covacevitch, Manton, Keenan, Sicily, O'Dea, Christie, Cummings, Morrison, and Jack Hall. At the interval for half-time the West Perth team assembled in their dressing-room, where they were addressed by one of their most liberal supporters, Mr. F. C. Monger, M.L.A., who congratu lated the team on the splendid form they had shown, and ex pressed a hope that they would be premiers for the season. He stated that he had promised a prize last season to the one who he con sidered had shown the best form throughout the season, and he would now pay that debt. He had selected ' Dukie ' M'Kenzie, as the recipient of the prize — (applause) — and would hand to Mr. E. Vince a cheque which would be given to Mi . M'Kenzie at a social function to be held later on. He would give a similar prize this year. Cheers were then given for Mr. Monger, and the team then pro ceeded once more to the battle field. At the conclusion of the match the secretary of the Imperial Club claimed the match on behalf of his club, on the ground that a non association umpire had acted in that capacity, during the first half of the game. The matter will be decided at a meeting of the asso ciation to be held on Thursday next at toe Globe Hotel. 1-REJIANTI.E V. COVERS. At the seaside the Fremantle Club scored a decisive victory over the Rovers, who seemed to be unable to cope with the sudden brilliancy of last rear's premiers. Tbe weather was as perfect as it could be for out-door sport, and, as usual, a big crowd turned out to watch the game. Orr and Ward, through some mis understanding, both appeared on the ground to umpire the match, each being under the im pression that the other was booked for Perth. It seemed at first as if a deadlock would occur, but as two members of the umpires' committee of the Football Association came on the scene the matter was set at rest by their stating that Ward had been appointed for Fremantle. Orr thereupon returned to the city. As soon as the ball was bounced the Rovers got quickly to work. Hussey, who had been such a dashing player for the ' Tigers ' last winter, and Treden nick being prominent in an attack, which, however, was stopped by the Fremantle backs. O'Dwyer ob tained a free, and changed the venue, John following up with a splendid run, which brought tbe play in Bover territory. A series of scrimmages ensued, and at length Fay got the merest chance with a snap shot, and he made good use of it, the result being a goal for the home team. Borland replied by raising the two flags for the Rovers, and this was followed by a see-saw game, in which each side scored a goal and a brace of behinds, Thurgood for Fremantle and Dh«rman for the Rovers being the successful punters for the major points. When the change of ends came the honors were exactly even, the figures being — Fremantle, 2 goals 2 behinds ; Rovers, 2 goals 2 behinds. In the second quarter the Rovers were placed almost continually on the defensive, Duggan. Thurgood, M'Intyre, Clarke, and Price doing great work for the local club. Shot after shot was tried for the red and whites, Price and Clarke negotiating the long sticks correctly. Robertson, Edwards, and Cross tried re peatedly to break away towards the Fremantle goal, but their com rades were playing a somewhat disorganised game, while the locals weiv working into each other's hands beautifully, the result being that all the efforts of the gallant few for the city were unavailing. When half-time was called the scores read : — Fremantle, 5 goals 7 be hinds: Rovers, 2 goals 2 behinds. In coutra-distiuclion to their play in the second quarter, the Rovers showed concerted action and clever football after the interval, and, to the surprise of all, they sailed down on the Fremantle posts in dashing style. The back lines of the home tparn 6trove valiantly to repel the onrush, but the ' Tigers,' who were evi dently determined to do or die, were not to be denied, and first Cross and then Robertson raised hopes in the breasts of themselves and their supporters bv annexing a goal each. The sea siders woke up considerably after this display on the part of their opponents, and after a capital struggle they were rewarded bjr obtaining their sixth goal through the agency of Thurgood. A well contested quarter, in which ihe visitors predominated, ended with the scores — Fremantle, 6 goals 8 behinds ; Ravers, 4 goals 2 behinds. After the last change of ends had taken place it was seen that the Rovers had shot their bolt. They were worn out and disorganised, and against the superior form and judgment of the Fremantleites they were unable to make any effective stand worth mentioning. Almost throughout the local men kept up an attack, which, though vigorous at first, lost interest for players and spec tators alike towards the close, owing to ihe hopelessness and. futility of the defence. Thur crood was in something like his old championship form, and although be obtained two goals in this term he had many chances which, had his side required goals, he would, no doubt, have availeu himself of. The final scores were — Fremantle, 10 goalg 13 behinds ; Rovers, 4 goals 2 behinds. The goal- kickers were — For Fremantle — Thurgood (4), Price (2), Clarke, Fay, Wateon. and Burns ; and for Rovers — Borland, Dhonnan, Cross, and Robertson. EAST PEiiTH r. WEST PERTH JCKIOES. Keen rivalry has existed between these clubs of late, and the match on the Old Recreation Ground on* Saturday was marred by an exhibi tion of roughness. In the second quarter Kennedy, for East Perth, put on four goals from as many chances, thus giving his team a decided advantage, which it main tained to the end. The final result was — East Perth, 5 goals 10 be hinds ; West Perth, 1 goal 10 be hinds. Bishop, Burton, Cleland, Jackson, Harris, and Shaw were most promin»ent for East Perth ; while Kennedy, Miller, and O'Don nell were a bard-working trio for the Juniors. The members of the victorious club held a ' smoke social ' at the City Hotel on Satur day evening. Numerous toasts were honored, and songs and recita tions rendered by the members and their friends. GCTLDFOHD V. SUBI4CO An exciting match was played between these dubs at' Subiaco on Saturday. The kicking of the home team was, as usual, at fault, and Guildiord was returned vic torious by one goal, the score standing — Guildford, 4 goals 5 behinds ; Subiaco, 3 goals 8 behinds. For the winners, Mills, Cornish, Watson, O'Brien, and Roberts played well ; while Palmer, Grayson, Swau, Southby, Bowen, and Verey were the best half dozen for the losers. NOBTH KEKMAJvTLE V. MIDLAND JUNCTION. Midland Junction showed what a really fine team it was on Satur. day by making a draw with the crack juniors of the season on the ground of the latter. The final result was — Midland Junction, 3 goals 8 behinds ; North Fremantle, 3 goais 6 behinds. CVXTR&L; V. NORTH KriESTASTI.E JIVIOKS. Teams representing these clubs in the third-rate junior competi tion played on Russell-square on Saturday, the match ending in a win for Central by 9 goals 13 behinds to 4 goals 4 behinds. CLAHEMONT V. FOKTS. The match between Claremont and Ports, on tbe ground of the former on Saturday, resulted in a victory for Clareuiont by 8 goals 15 behiDds to 1 goal 2 behinds. KAST KltEMtNTIK V. SH»-;ROCR-. Ea6t Fremantle defeated the Shamrocks at Plyniton on Satur day, scoring 12 goals to their opponents' 3 goals. YOUK V. NEWCASTI E York, Julv 4. The York Imperials, who were only 13 strong, met the Newcastle team at Newcastle yesterday, York scoring 2 goals and Newcastle 4 goals. KOKTHA.M V. CIUDLOW's WELL. Northam, July 3. A football match was played this afternoon between he Northam and Chidlow's Well teams. From tbe start the match, was in the hands of the Northam team, which eventually won by 11 goals to nothing. CI E V. MOTOT VAr.NET. Mount Magnet, July 4. The Cue football team came here to-day to test the skill of the Mount Magnet plavers. It was ac companied by the Cue Brass Band, and 180 other townspeople. Fully 150 people met them on the station and over 500 assembled on the ground to watch the match, which resulted in a victory for Cue, by 3 goals 4 behinds to 1 goal 4 behinds. During the afternoon the band played selections. The special train left for Cue at 8 o'clock p.m. ' MATCH AT ALRAN'Y. AN' EXCITING -IAMl-_ Albasy, July 4, A very exciting match was piayed between the North and East Wards on Saturday, when the North secured 6 goals 11 behinds and the East 6 goais 9 bohinds. The scoring was very even, and con sequently exciting, the goals alter nating in a manner tllat showed the evenness of the play. For the North G. and E. Edwards and the captain, Nunn, played well, and for the East Rollinson (captain}. Smithers, Scott, and Mitchell worked very energetically. The North is now 8 points to tbe good on the scoring list. IN ADELAIDE. Adelaide, July 4. In Saturday's football matches, 'South Adelaide, 6 goals 8 behinds, beat Port Adelaide, 5 goals, 9 behinds ; Norwood, 6 goals 7 behinds, beat We6t Adelaide, 1 goal 3 behinds. IN MELBOUEKB. Melbocene, July 4. In Saturday's football matches. Geelong, 1 goal 10 behinds, beat Melbourne, 10 behinds ; Essendon, 6 — 10, beat Collingwood, 5 — 7 ; Fitzroy,9— 21, beat St.Kilda, 2—6; Port Melbourne, 7 — 4, beat North Melbourne. 3 — 10 ; Williamstown, 3 — h. beat Footscray,2 — !» ; Bruns wick, 6 — 8, beat Richmond, 4 — 8. RCGBT GAME. SWAN V. SYDNEY. Teams representing the Swan and Sydney clubs met for the second time this season in a match fixed by the Rugby Union on Saturday afternoon. The contest was played on the Esplanade, and the Swan gained another victory over their opponents by defeating them by 9 points to 3. Neither side was represented by the full number of players. The Swan played with one man short, while the Sydney team consisted of 13 players. Tbe teams were con stituted as follow : — Swan : Hol land, back ; Johnson, M'Ewan, and Roberts, three-quarters ; Wooler, five- eight; Garcia, half; Gouly and Phillips, -wings; Todd (3), Martin, Clifton, and Smairl, for wards. Sydney : Cruickshank, back ; Gower, Andrews, and Rear ,don, three-quarters; Bryan, quar ter ; Davies and Burwell, wingo ; 'Gordon, Rutherford, Windsor, Simmons, Reiter, and Arcus, for wards. Mr. Phillips umpired. The afternoon was a perfect one for foot ball, tbe weather being beautifully fine with scarcely a breath of wind stirring. There was a fairly large attendance of spectators, the majority of whom seemed to con sider that they had as much right to the playing ground as the players themselves, and on several occasions they interrupted the game by trespassing inside the boundary lines. The nuisance caused by these unsportsmanlike persons was so great at times that the press representatives were unable to watch the match at all. The game resulted in a fairly good exhibition of football, though the frequency of scrums invested the contest with, much that was j uninteresting and unattractive. I During the first quarter of an hour the scene of the struggle was con fined to the Sydney 25, where the Swan nearly succeeded in scoring several times, chiefly on account ef their excellent passing. A vigorous rush on tbe part of the Sydney, in which Windsor ren dered good service bv a strong run, changed the aspect of affairs for a while, but the Swan soon made their way back into their oppo nents' quarters, and a nice piece of open play resulted in C. Todd getting over the line. Gouly failed to kick a goal, making the score three points in favor of the Swan, and this was the state of the game at half-time. In the second half the plav was of a more even character, the Swan, however, showing better form than their rivals. A passing rush in which Gouly, Phillips, and W. Todd were especially pro minent enabled the latter to score. Again the kick failed to add the extra points. (6 — 0). Before the whistle blew for time, C. Todd took a pass from Wooler, and re gistered tiie third try for the Swan. No goal resulted, leaving the final score — Swan 9, Sydney nil. For the winners, Garcia, at half, lost no opportunity of sending out the 1 ,1. M'Ewan and Roberts proved safe three quarters, Gouly played an ex cellent wing forward game, and Clifton rendered good service. Cruickshank, the Sydney full- back, piayed a good game, Bryan's kicking was of great assistance, and Davies, at wing-forward, proved a consistent follower. Gower. as usual, did some capital work for his side. PIRATES V, POETS. A match between these two teams was played at Plymton on Saturday afternoon. Both clubs put into the field teams represen tative of their full strength. The consequence was that an exciting contest was witnessed. Up to within a few minutes of half-time neither side scored a point, but at this juncture a Pirate man secured the leather from a player of bis own side, and after a brilliant run through his opponents' ranks scored a try. The kick for goal, however, was unsuccessful. In the final half the Ports were con tinually thrown upon the defen sive owing to the determined rushes of the visitors, and tbe play was principally in the locals' territory. Shortly before time was called the repeated attempts for tries on the part of the visitors culminated in Wooiler carrying the leather between the goal posts. Tbe kick off, which was entrusted to Chambers, resulted in the raising of the two flags. The Pirates thus won by 8 points to itH. For the winners Nil ley. Rolls. WoolIeB, Uircb, and Colls were conspicuous, and for the losers ' Skipper' Atkinson, Flem ing, Heaton, Larkin, and Morris. Mr. Baxter acted as referee. The first three points scored by the Pirates were disputed by their opponents, Mr. Jordan (one of the boundary umpires) contending that, when the Pirates' man made the run which gained for his side a try, be ran out of bounds. The protest was considered by the referee, but disallowed. During the game, Healy. one of the Ports players, was disabled, and had to retire from the field, owing to his receiving a kick under the right, eye while playing in the ruck. ;-\VAN '13.' V. tYDNEY 'IS.' This match, tne first in connec tion with the junior competition, was played on the Karrak;itta Ground, Lord-street, on Saturday, when tbe Swan gained a decisive victory bv 12 points to nil. This was chiefly due to the open passing game played by them. The Swan forwards played very creditably, their heeling out of the scrum being excellent. The Sydnev men were seen to advantage in defence, but it was easily perceived that they lacked combined and open play. Sydney kicked off. and from a series of scrums in the Svdney 25 tbe ball was passed out to Wolinski, who ran well and then passed to Simpson, who crossed the line and scored the first try for Swan. No goal was kicked from this. Sydney then rallied, and Barnard and Watlmg carried the ball into dangerous proximity to the Swan's line, from which position A. M'Kin non soon brought it out of danger. The ball was quickly rushed to the Sydney's 25, where A. M'Kinnon picked it up. ran well, and scored for Swan, thus bringing the 3core' to 6 to nil. A. Smairl made a fine attempt at goal, but failed to put the ball over tbe bar. Again Swan attacked with vigor, but were as vigorously repulsed, and the whistle sounded for half-time ; tbe game at that stage being Swan 6, Sydney nil. During the second half Sydney played well. Watling stopped a Swan rush and kicked the ball down the field. From a scrum at half-way Armstrong picked up the ball, and, after a fine run, passed to Gowan, who carried it to within a few yards of. Sydney's line, and on being col lared passed to Hales, who secured a try. Again the kick at goal failed. Several scrums ?ensued, without either side gaining ad vantage. Hales 60on afterwards secured the ball, ran to within 20 yards of the Sydney line, and on being collared by G. Robinson, passed to Fowler, who scored. Soon after the whistle sounded time, proclaiming Swan the victors by 12 points to nil. The following contributed in a great measure to the victory : — M'Kinnon (2), Ham ilton, Gowan, Armstrong, Smairl, Simpsan, and Halesr-? while for Sydney, Watliiig, Barnard, G. Robinson, and Fisher played best. KEWSOITH WALE* \\. NEW ZEALAND. THE VISITORS WIN. Sydney, July 4. The intercolonial football match:' between New Zealand and N«w South Wales ended iu a victory for the visitors by 13 points to 8. The ' first half of the game v.as close and exciting, each side scoriufr three points. H. P. Abbott, the New South Wales captain, sustained an injury to his rankle, and was carried off the field. The New Zealand team, with a great combination of back men, w;is too strong for the home team, and during the second half secured two goals. The game was very rough, and both Abbott and Warbrick were severely hurt, and will be unable to play next week. The attendance of spectators was over 20,000. Duncan, of New Zealand, also 'seriously injured his knee. BRITISH ASSOCIATION GAME. lOTTKSLOK V. NOLI'SI EKKS. A match between these ciufcs took. place on Saturday afteruoon on the Esplanade. Considerable interest was shown in the^ game by a large number ot'. onlookers. The match, however,. was not an even one, as tbe Cottesloe team was clearly out classed at all points. When half time was called the Volunteers had scored 4 ^oals to wi/, and in the second half-time they increased this by one more goal, while the Cottesloe team was unable to score at all. The Volunteers played well together, but some of them were guilty of ' fouls,' and played rather roughly. For the losing team Dyson and Anderson played weD, while the captain of the. Volunteers, Gannon, and the goal keeper were noticeable for good, play on the winning side. KKKMANTLB WAJCnRKKKS V. CIVIL »EHVICE. The Freruantle sustained their first defeat this season on Saturday in the match against the Civil Service. The match was played at Richmond. Civil Ser vice won the toss, and Fremantle set the ball rolling. The play during the first half was of an even nature, though the Civil Service managed to secure a goal from effective combination, Hattcn being the successful kicker. The score at half-time was — Civil Service, 1 goal; Fremantle, nil. After the usual interval play was resumed, and Hattou secured another eoal for Civil Service. No further score was recorded, and at the call of time the result was — Civil Service, 2 goals ; Fremantle, vil. Yor the winners, Harris, H. Pope, Hatton. and Marchington were most effec live, and Cammock, Angus, and Boas? played well for Fremantle. Mr. W. C, Freeman was an efficient referee. 