A Miracle in Sydney. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED POE BY A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PARLIA MENT. LOCOMOTOE ATAXIA LONG CONSIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSI CIANS OF THE WOELD HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. A GEEAT VICTORY FOE DE. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From tbe Australian Workman.) Oa Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happie=t men in Sydney. He was up and about and able tr- answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and » period of pain, it was very clear that he wns an invalid on tbe rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : 'You want to know nil about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facta may be of value to those who are stricken as I wan.' ' How long were you suffering ?' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sj dney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebn Island. ' What were the symptoms ?' ' Simbly indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They w.-re j nst about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my. bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither cat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order ?' 'No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ?ver since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. .My doctor was attend ing me, aid did all he cou'd by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I was ia. I was under him for five or six weeks. He caine to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary move ments, He .told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler maker in England, which I read in tbe Australian Workman, by Dr. WilliamB Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the adver tisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was in credible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now tak ing the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You Bee those crutches there ? They are perfectly ? new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, aad no* I don't want them. AH I want i3 this stick, and I hope Boon to do wit l» -ut it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' 'He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. JarviB, who had come in and taken the baby or uer knees. 'Tbe Pink Pills bave saved hiB life, an.i made an other man of him.' A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. 'lean now,' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come iiack in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and ynu know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five yearB. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. ? I am in no pain i now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no. longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me.- They can hardly believe their eyeB. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of thiB country of the astonishing cures wrought ' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and . spinal disease, - also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anromia, pale and sallow complexion, general mus cular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, short ness of breath, pains in the back, nervous head ache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labour party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also kuew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which.be developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of bis recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pro nounced incurable. Mi. M'Gowea was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jurvia, Dr. Williams' Pink PIHb are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. WilliamB' Medicine Coy., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or poBt order 1 box for 2s 9d, or i dozen for 14s 9d. ? — Tbe total value of gold shipped from Sydney since the commenccmont of tne year is about 42,125,000. The Mayor' of Wentworfch and the residents of that distant town desire to make a display on the occasion of the Record Reign celebrations, and a day or two ago they wrote to a firm of. firework mer chants in Sydney asking for a quotation fcr a set piece, bearing the legend ' God Save the Queen,' in bold fire characters. The price was forwarded by telegraph, and in reply, came the following curt and curious wire Make. 'God Save the. Queen' at once !' . !? ' ?? : ? ? ' 