1'IIE GREEK GOD AND THE MODERN GIRL. TTrr.drr, where and when tho following cec'.irn’cl matters; not- Suffice to say it toot plzce in OnnKi. Outwardly lie wan one ot that typo cf human % which thn old nculptora wore fond of por traying. In hriilit l:o wan about five foot nino er too incln a. mil broMl of client and i-houlders but lithe of fijjnm and movement. Ilis thror.t was full and round, end curried a head well poiced and covered with rlnatrring black curls, lib freturnn wrm slmavt regular enough to havo been rlihcilc 1 ; his lyo was large, full, end dark, end l.is fecn innocent or a hair in Epiio of his 2-1 sururai rs ™ i wilder-. Inwardly ho was liar perfec t; end h-io n native hail kept to her law. ^ ! *• But. Lavimn,”hor.:?M in r count rsinrd voico and eager manner, as I-o gaz'd down into the bright bluo ry-s of the women et ii 5 eido who h oi:el up at him v.ifu a misteri! of f.iii't mr r-iise, ro.ni-Lness, and half masto-l rusr-teifu! recs, “But, lavinie, you ere rot in entnent, •Mn earnest i” with a playful finiie. “Of orurec I am, you great noodle. >Vc have 1 era friends—you know, Idafceiiic friem's nothing mr.ie. And you have understood that all along —at least yr.ii ought to havo de-no ; 1 mean yuii to do-ro why should yen lie so surprised and pretend t i bo liurt because I accept lire atten tions of another man ? Itoahy, I haven t any^ patience with von men ; you oro so selfish.” Andsho tun:ml away to the little bric-a-brac covoreel tablo on licr left with a petulant look. For a cwuplo of rainnloa he ste.ed looking at loo lack of the neat, trim figure robed in a will fitting drera cf soft, dark material,and tho emit of fight-brown bair mirglrd with lb; cads of sreniing gold ; stood gazing at her as it lie utterly failed lo o ml vista nil the import of what she bail raid, aa if ho conid not grasp tho new maa oT tho situation Then stepping forward he 1:id bis hands oil bee should*rs, turned l.cr gmtiv rr.iiT.if, loehc-.l down into her beanrifnl hut mak face, and s-ud in a voice bti3ky with concertin'.trd fielirg::— “ Lav/ivr., surety to Cod, y^n r.ro - mo Srsding rap. You t avc ffen for months past v.q.al yrn wsn> breeminq to roc—your woman c lr.r.i- lit has told you tint it is no pa-ning fancy, no mere Uiny-kilitr-g to nu\ You h.ivc j jven rr.c cvrry «iux-urr?i.rneni, and nt ho end of every vi-y^ge you bare been glad to see ruo -* Of course, I hare ; I’m r.lways gird to me fricntln IV-.t *1 at dersn’t £*y thet 1 lovod yon,” inlcrMupting him and locking a triflo more I * But why did you accent my prtHcnts? Why tlid jaa go villi mo ;dni£>&t; ocrywiuio? Why did jtji let mo go cn loving you more and rooro with each .tuceccdtng vc-yag'* when you kucm you had m*Udi>g but friendship to give in return ? ” bo nt»fcc*d !y. M Huaiim- I liked you and yuir r.tlirntiw'S, I suppose/' b?i« nvdksl, faintly, turning away her Lirisd rw *bc *pt»kr>. ** Ar-.d yea would let mo go on htadlom; to misery for yr.ur own gratification ; you would »ru me erountl tho <-dgo of a roao’;dram l ;s> jih-ars ys>nr -whim cf tho moment,” and ho looked rt- htir fiercely. “ Ltn'iuia "—ofler a pnnso—"yen do not mean wv«»i 3 on fesd nhi.n I a*V*ed you io many id. you ? Vou drift love Nt ironn FieMkig, ,«.> run ? Vr.u havo only been ilirting with him. (’nine, Ir'vinrA19—Ids nsrud.li irerenring—“ say you l;avr.-,b; cn bui j-jovioj; me, and Irli lovo yon and’wish ft-r yiai ts man ju.-i ct 1m cd nr worked fr.r nnm?n btforr. you have not bum fill ii- g wills hipj end 1‘11 nut; ri>t until Ttn iu in command of min of the finest ships afloat, t;nd T.ii fer-yoursn-kr.” “ Uut wli^t’s tho good oF mn Haying tliaN Ili-ciorj wltcn J.ucuTJ niwtn it ? Como,” with tbn playful :sraBo »gain hovering around her iyi s and moirtli, i’comef vt/vo played at pathos ;>jkI irrgeyly "hug /ncngli now ; do Itt «b be sos.s bio." And the nnile possod away. ror h l.c g.and iti adily nt her—she .oiurnn-g 1-is U»oh unfiiucl ii gly — in deep i 'i aght; thru quietly, with a hard, sioady eoic.u hi- n-vfce-.l— And tliis is lobe tlic end of it, then ? ” ‘*IOnd of whnt ? Huwyou do mountains out of mo’eliills 1 ” *’ 'i lni end or my hopes,” filiil in tho same calm, hr.rct vrlco^ •• X«s, nb.'ut manning me. Bat wo esm be ! ri* ndy all the smne ” ; adding jroulariy, and Sfnihiig a:jrin,“I’ll bo a sister to you, you know. And jou c-tii conic to ine for a sister's adrico “ Thi*nk cou^hr replied in tho same tone ns b fort*, nn:l talcing his hands from her sdiouhlt ra he turned away. A fts%7 minutes later he left the house and joint cl his ship and started on a voynge to Bombay nnd brmk. Dining llie passage out and liomo again his brotlicr officers noticed that Ins accustomed light joyousne'S ot manner had passed away, his snatches of tong w« ru henrd no more, his repartee was a thing of the past. Hector Stau forth had beeomo a moody, thoughtful man, who had but little to say to anyone, and kept the fcclnsiou of his berth as much as possible. On his ship returning to Cardiff he kept away from tho houso whore Lavinia Brinscorobe lived until the evening before be sailed on tho next voyage. In the afternoon, after ascertaining ! that they would leave by the midnight tide, be amt her a note requesting that she would grant him the favour of an hours friendly chat, aud informing her that he would call about nine o'clock. He could not, bo wrote, get away sooner. And ho received an answer granting hia At tho time appointed ho called, rang the bell, was admitted, and shown into the little draw* ing-roorn, where she met him with her old lightsome manner and delusive ensnaring facial sunshine. She whs glad to see him, she said ; glad to welcome him back ; glad to see him look ing so well (a near-sighted person could have seen at a distance that the past tcu weeks had brought lines to liis face, and had taken tho fulness nnd bloom from it). She asked him, with a roguish look why he had not corne up to ‘ee her .-ooner, adding, that .*>he had heard of his ship being in pert. And he replied that he had bum unable to get awtty because of having commenced to load the moment they entered the dock. “ Have you,” he asked slowly and calmly after they had chatted a while, ** have you thougth any more of what we tallied about the night before I went away on the last vojmge ? ” “No. Why should 1 ? ” she replied .airily’. »• There’s nothing to think about — or at least no need to think of it.” And she shot an in quiring glance an him. But be saw it not. His gaze was riveted cn the tiger skin at his feet—one of the prtsenls he had brought her from Calcutta. “Then you havcdicided t-o marry Field ing ? ” quietly and slill looking tit tho fangs in the upper jaw of the dead animal, “Yes, if he asks me,” giving him another furtive glance. “ Then ho hasn’t asked you yet ? ” after a pause, and calmly as before, “ No ” ** But you expect him to do ? ” “ Yea —but why talk ahout this ? ” His manner, for the first time, was taking effect on her. ** Can’t we talk of something ehe,” she added. “ You are right, Lavinia,” hs said, lifting his head and looking at her, and assuming a more cheerful lone as he addod, ** Why do we want to talk about it ? Come, give mo a glass of wino, and I will drink you success in the matter and a long and happy life with him, then T must bo gettimr on board again,” •* Will you ? ” she exclaimed, and her oyea fit up with a sudden glow. “ Now, that’s what I call sensible. Shall I get you a glass of wino ? ” eagerly. “ Yes, get mo one, and I will drink to you aa I havo said.” he anBWfrtd.rising to his feet with a new light in bis eyes snd the grim, deter mined purpoio at his heart, hidden by tfie ghost of a smilo that crept over hia face and lingered there for a motneut. And leaving the room with a light, quick foot* . step and a suddenly gay manner she returned in a few minutes with a little japanned tray con taining two glasses and a decanter of rich Malaga. “I havo brought yoa your favourite,” sho said, as uho plaeod tho tray on £be edge of a table and pushnd tho bric-a-brac aside to make room for it; “ one of tho dozen bottles you brought for mother, and I’m going to havo a glass witli you.” And with a daring, saucy smilo, she filled both the glasses. Then lifted ono in her 6leoder, whito hand, while be misod the other in freut of him. At this moment thero Cairo a knock at thn door, followed bj tbc Intrusion of a maid, who said — '* Ple.vc, Hiss Livinia, the miaous wtnts you p.t once 37 “Very well; tell her I’m coming,M adding os eho turned lo her visitor, •'Wait a minute until I Bee what mother want?. I won't be long.’’ Ami returning Ibo glars io tho tray, oho hurried from the room nml closed tbe door behind her. As sho went ho also put down uis glass, and scarcely had tho door closed when bo muttered— " Now for it. I was afraid tho opportunity would Blip me,” ami, imuitirg Lis Cngrr and thumb into his vest pcckit, ho drew forth a very tiny vial. For a moment he held it up to tbn light, and n fiorcc insane glitter filled his cyrs ns hn did so. Then casting his gaze at tho glass cf urine on the tray, ho murmured_ 41 If that Hindoo lws only told me the tiuth yon h ill hnvo something to n mini! you in yrars to come, havinifi, cf the man you so heart hrsly footed.” And without a mor-nt's hesitation ho poured the contents into his glass, rot- oppi red the vial, and returned it to his Having done this ho assumed an erect posture* outwardly calm and immovable, but with a wild insane throbbing nfc his heart, and a mad impulse surging through his unbalanced At this moment of waiting at tho oleventh hour, when ho had formed his plan aud carried out all but the last culminating point, tho ; tempter entered his brain and made him swerve t from the puth he had so determinodly set out i upon to follow to the end. Why not, said tbe ; t* m.>l<r to Lis crazy mind, give her the chance I of Iho poisoned glass ? You bavo cs mnoh right to live as tho has. She brought your misery on you, and knew that she was doing it. Sho did it purposely just to amuso herself, It’s only a thancc. She may not get it. Risk if, you will not bo doing it puiposely. It’s only a gambling, a tossing which ahull live, and you have the most right to do bo. Ti e temptation was short—it was quick, it was sudden. It come to him and entered bin unhinged mind with the power mu! suddenness of an Alpine avalnnehe, as he stood them look* ing at tho tray and its contents ; and with the rapidity of thought le glanced at the music* siool at Lis left, jraced the glasses at exactly opposite Rides of the tray, ami tho decanter in the middle of them. Then lifting the tray gently but quickly from the table be put it on tho ptvKil, and stooping down he closed hts eyes fit inly, tightly ; and taking the lop of the stool between bis hands he turned round and round, steadily and without haste, the gnrac of life unri death going with it, until it stopped. Then he uncUscd his eyes. One glnss rrr.s directly in front of him—he knew not which—and silently end swiftly lie bore the tray back to the table, taking care to keep that glass door close to Mm which had presented itself when ho had opened his eyes. And there he Ktood, his fingers ready to clutch life or death he knew not and cared not which—the instant ?he entered. Slowly, as if each one weighted with a thousand woth’s, the moments dragged themselves away. Never did time pass so slowly. . . And yet she did not come. , . . Even the clock on the mantelpiece behind him seemed to tick tick—tick fo de. p'-ralely, so slow', as if it were a human ghoul or fiend enjoying with a demoni acal joy the fearful horror which now began to prey upon him. . . . W»a he going mad, be wondered. Was he mad ; his br*in seemed to bum so. ... A rippling laugh struct; on bis hei*ring,strained almost to bursting pitch, and the door opened. Lavina entered, swung the door to behind her, and walking up to the table, with a happy,careless look in ber eye and a smile rnwreuthing her whole face, she lifted the glass neatest lo her. as he grasped tbe one by his hand, and said with a jaunty air— “Now, Hector, give me your toast ” And rabing the Malaga in front of him he said, as he forced a smile into his face— “ Here's that you may live a long and happy life, no matter whom you marry.” Aud placing the glaos to his lips be drained it at a draught, juntas she replied— “ And here’s that we may both share tho same falo.” And tho next moment two empty glasses stood onThe tray, while he examined his palate with his tongue to see ii he could detect »ny trace of tlio poison, and looked at her while doing so lmlf expecting lo see her start forward at every moment. Then he suddenly remtm* b',rC(]_tho Hindoo had told him it was taste in five minutes more he had left the house, and was on the w. y for the Roatu Do-k Basin, where his ship lay, which he reached in solely, and in which he went to sea by the midnight tide. An hour Liter J.avinia had retired to her chamber, having first returned the wine to tbe sideboard and given the glasses to the servaut, who at once washed and put them away. On the following morning she was found di ed in bed. And at the inquest tbe medical evidence went to show that deceased died from stoppage of the ln-art’s action, supposed lo have been caused by some unknown po-son ; but whether so, or how or when administered, there was nothing to prove. And when the s.s. St. Alfred returned from her voyage to the Indies it was reported that Hector Stanworth, the chief mate, had rushed from bis berth, where ho had been confined for two days because of the loss oF his reason, and inmnf*d overboard dtirinc a snuall one '■*!:. into the Ee3 Sea. E. PATTIU<S<I<L 