A Perilous Position, -SWl';: . . . . ' PuimaED BY SfEOIAIi AttElNasjUUIT.J ' 1 ' By MAffSY' ALBERT, Author of "The Luckiest Alan in tho World," "The Bride of a Day," "Brooko Finehloy's Daughter," " A Hidden Terror," "Delia's Story," "The Shelling of the Peas," &c.;, &c.; CorvwanT, ' CHAPTER XIII. — ( Continued.) . ©X this particular ' evening Martin proposed a round gamo" after tho music, and it was nearly cloven o'clock before Leigh said good-night to Martin at the hall door. 'Why, what's up ?' inquired tho hoy, as ho noticed u groUp of tho servants gathered on the carnage drive before t.liA ATifmnpn ' Mr. Olford has disappeared, sir,' replied the butler, detaching himself from his companions nnd coming for ward, ' and it 'is feared that someone has attacked him as he was passing the Ruins.' ' Why, what has happened, Turner ?' asked Leigh, eagerly. ' I'll go and help in the search.' 'We don't know exactly what hRS happened, sir,' replied Turner, 'but Mr. Olford arrived ut tho station to night on his return home, and, us usual, started to walk across tho park, but he has not come home, and Mr. Reginald thinks some harm has happened to him.' Emraio and Mrs. Grey had come out upon the steps to listen, ami the hearts of both Indies quailed. After the dis appearance of tho vicar of Thorpcleigh, and the attempt to curry off little Basil, they were prepared for any other out- ragc. ' Are they searching tho lluins ?' in quired Leigh Eurrowcs. ' Oh, yes, sir. But there isn't a trace of anyone there. I liuvc only just heard of it.' ' Did Mr. Olford come by the nine o'clock express V' was Leigh's next question. ' Yes, sir, us ho usually does. The coachman met liiin and took his truuk and portmanteau in tho pony cart, Mr. Olford saying ho should walk up, us usual. You see it is a half-hour's walk, good, and tho night wus fine, so no one was ularmcd till it grew towards ton o'clock. Mr. Reginald was dining out, but when it struck half -past ton and Mr. Olford had not como in thoy sont round to lot him know, and ho sot off at ouoo, with two or throe of tho mon, carrying torches, and others followed.' ' I'm off to soo if I can he of any use,' said Leigh. ' Mr. Olford may have fallen down in tho park before he got to the lluins.' ' I'll como with you, sir, if you'll allow mo,' said Turner ; ' nnd it will bo as well to havo tlio pony trap, wc shall get ovor tho ground quicker.' ' All right, Tumor.' Martin would fain have taken Tur ner's place, hut Leigh, Emmie, and Airs. Groy alike negatived it, so pcr- ' force tho hoy remained behind, and a thrill of uncomfortable excitement pre vailed amongst those who wntched Turner and Leigh set out for the lluins. ' Shut up tho house,' said Mrs. Grey, nervously, to tho footmau ; ' so mauy things have happened that thero is no knowing what will occur next.' However fast tho doors woro barred it was yet impossible for anyone to sleep, with the chance of hearing, boforo morniug, that a neighbour, going peace- 1 fully homo across his own park, hud boon murdorcd. Midnight struck, hut : no tidings could bo expected for anothor hour or two, and us sitting up could not do any good, Mv$. Groy lay down on tho sofa in her dressing-room, whilo Martin and Emmio went to ah upstairs sitting- room, and opening tho window, listened for every noiso that might invado tho stillness. ' If Mr. Olford is injured, nnd found to have boon robbed,' suicl Martin, ' I know who is tho mau I shall suspoct — Jim Hills ! Ho has not stayed on iu tho neighbourhood for nothing. Thoro was always something about that follow whioh I distrusted.' ' Aud I always felt that thoro wns something about him which I could trust, despito appouranccs,' rejoined Emmie, softly. ' Oh, you girls liavo such soft hearts,' replied tho boy, who by this timo wus nodding with fatiguo, uud whoso oyos closed almost as he spoko, his head resting against a sofa cushion. . Emmio lot hitn rest, hut slio hud no inclination to sloop, uud many a loving thought wont after Loigh in tho silcneo of tho fresh and dowy ourly morning. Lord Fitzroagh had called cvory (luy ; and not contented with this, had written to her also, besidos persisting in sending hor gifts, although she hud plainly told him she could not neeppt them. ' What ! llofuso a few llowors or a littlo fruit, Alias Emmie,' ho would ai'guo ; ' or a hook, of which I hog your acceptance. All those nro trifles, nor can I allow you to wound mo so deeply as to return them.' But Emmio folt that thoy woro not trifles, hut tho choicest of thoir kind, : and tlio girl's heart wus uneasy. About hulf-pust 1! o'clock, whilo Martin Blumhored heavily, hor car . caught tho distant sound of an ap- f proucliing vohiclo. Was Loigh coming hack with tidings? And woro tho tidings sad or reassuring? She softly roso from her soat, and leaned from tho window. Ah! the wheels stopped for a moinont, doubt- loss to turn in ut the park gates. Very gontly she closed tho sash, and glided away from tho room, down to tho hiill, where a lamp wus burning. But the house wns very still, nnd douhtloBH 1 tho sorvunts, tired with watohing, had gono to seok somo rest. . Emmio stood listening anxiously. Hor had elie long-to wait before whoolB crushed the gravol, and then ciiino to ii standstill before tlio hall door. Then ehoslid hack the bolt, find oponed to Leigh. Turner led tho horse away, while the young man oamo in eagerly. ' Is thero nowe ? ' cried Emmie. . ' Not much. But it is plain that Mr. Olford hud enterod the Ruins, for I found his handkerchief lying "beside a broken aroh, halfway across the inner court.' - _ - 'Oh, .Leigh! has a thorough search . bcon mado t' ' As thorough as we could make it till daylight comes hack,' uuswered he. 'Reginald. Olford is still' there, and a dozen more ; but they huvo been over the whole of tho place carefully throe times, and so havo I. I am going back thoro at sunrise, and only camo in to let . you hoar tho tidings. Darling, good night !' ' Good night,' sho whispered hack. Thou, oinboldouod by tho complete soli-: tilde, tlio beautiful, soft glimmer of dawn, and the proximity of hor whom ho loved so well, he hold her to his heart for u moment, and kissed licr fair check. 4 In many troubled days which followud Emmio folt warmed aud cheered by the remembrance of that caress. A door hastily opened aroused the youngpuir from their brief joy. Emmie closed the house door ou her lover, und met Afartin, blinking with sleep, stumbl ing downstairs. ' Is this tho wuy you serve a follow ?' cried he, irately. Emmie smiled. .. ' Well, it is,' said she, ' if you moan that I loft you whilo 1 cuuio to hour the liows. Mr. Olford is uot found, but ho has bccu traced iuto tho midst of the Rums; Lcigli fouud his handkerchief there. Young Mr. Olford uud a search party aro iu tho Ruins now, and Loigh will go back thoro at sunrise.' ' Aud I will go with liim,' cried Martin. ' Mind you wake mo up at fivo o'clock. I'll not undress, hut just lie down agaiu.' ' Do, my dear bov,' sho said amiably, 'and I won't go to sleep till you are off.' Faithful to her promise sho wakened him a little before five, and. watched him speed over tho wet grass in the direction of tlio rectory. Thoro ho fouud Loigh about to set off, and very glad of his company. Tho birds awoke, twittering thoir morniug spug, an curly risen cottager .was in his little garden among the trim vegetables, bordered by pink daisios. It was strange to think what their crrnud was in this deliriously fresh and quiet hour — namely, to seurrii for a neighbour who had probably oome to a violont end. 'If Air. Olford has- boon murdorcd it is by that follow, Jim Hills, depend upon it !' repeated ADirtin. 'We are by no moans sure of that, Martin, or even that he lius been mur dered. If ho walked through the Ruins — you know how fond he is of tlicm — to see tho play of light aud shade, ho may havo lost his footing, liavo struck his head agninst somo stone, und bo lying insensible. It is such a rumbling place, with so many ups and downs, and the shadows of night are so con fusing.' ' Still, I don't seo how his body sliould not havo been discovered if he. is there,' replied Martin. ' _ And then ho drove on in silence, nor did they resumo their conversation till Martin called out': — There thoy aro ! Tho Ruius, I menu. Whoro will you leave tlio trap ? ' ' Perhaps I had bettor drive round to tho stablos. I'll find you-go on,' Martin needed no second bidding. Ho mot men, looking utterly weary, coming out of tho broken gateway of the Ruins as ho went iu. ' Have you found Mr. Olford ?' asked .the hoy, running forwurd. Tho men dispiritedly shook their heads, and Arartin pursued his way among the crumbling walls aud griiss- growu mouuds, whore polished floors had formerly afforded footing to guy revellers. Tlio sun touched tho old turrets, and played on tho ivy ; the whole soono was ono of peaceful beauty. Alurtiu climbed on a low. buttressed wall, and sent a keen glance on nil below him. But ho perceived nothing that could by any ohimco bo tho body of a man. . Ho had been told that ' Mr. Reginuld ' refused to leave tho place, but had sout in tho others to havo break fast; hut oven lie was, not to 1)6 soon now; and Martin was about to climb down when ho saw a figure cross a more distant part of tho RuiuB, und at the sight tho lad's faeo flushed us ho ejacu lated: ' It is that villain Hills. Ho is at tho bottom of this, I fool cortaiu.' And Murtiu scrambled to the ground so hurriedly as to set soveral stones flying, and somothiug elso of which ho hardly cuught sight, hut whioh went spinning along from ono mound of earth to another till it struck a projecting buttress uud foil far bolow. At the time lio took no hood of this— what wns thoro - iu- so ordinary uu "inoidout to romombor ? That on whioh ho was in tent was in verifying whothor the man of whom ho had caught sight was indeed Jim Hills, or only someone rosombling him. Ho was in 6uoh haste, that ho stumbled more tliau once ; thou cleared a low wall t6 stive timo, and again got a view of Jim Hills. It cortninly was tho man, and tlioro was no doubt about it. Thon Martin waB suddonly pulled up in tho chase, and forgot ovorything olso in his concern at perooiving Reginald- Ol ford sitting on tho ground loaning against tho wall, ovory tingo of colour having diod' out of tho young man's face, ' Arp. you. hurt ?! cried Martin, hurry ing up to him. . - . Reginald passed his hand slowly over his forehead without, answering. . ' Did that fellow knook you down?' pursued Martin, abluzo with indigna tion. ' No— no !' ropliod the young man, foobly. . - ' what' is it, then ? Lot mo do any thing I can. I came ovor with Leigh Furrowes.ito help,' Baid the boy eagerly. 'How kind of yog! Just stay with me for a moment, Will you ? Thon we will walk up to tho house together.' ' Certainly. How tired, you, must be. JBut do toll men did you see Milla— tho man, you know, who was- lately our under-keepor ?' , I'll tell you what I have .seen.!!", ejaculated Reginald slowly. ' I have seen a. dead mail — alive !' , . . Martin repressed an involuntary shudder. .. - '.He has scon the ghost !'' thought the hoy, ' Thon thoro is something in tlio story, though I havo always laughed at it!' Bnt it was uo ghost of old Sir God frey that ho hud seen. /- ' Shall I liolp you up ? I am stronger than you suppose, Lot me. givo you a hand,' urged Martin. ' Strong; of course you are,' returned tho other with a faiut srailo. A follow should bo strong boforo ho thinks about omigrating. Oh, 'Martin obangiug his tono — ' what can havo happened to. my poor father?' And the young man's tone betrayed his poignant anxiety. 1 Has Jim Hills robbed him, and loft him somewhere iusensiblo ?' rejoined Mui'tin. ' Of comsc, if lie would attempt to steal a child, ho would attempt to rob your father. Did he speak to you just now ?' ' No, it was I who said somothiug to hitn— only ono word ; but it . startled him considerably. Heaven knows what ho Would not do, for he is as reckless us a man can ho.' 'Ah, I am of your opinion, too. Now, my sister Emmio always says she knows ho is not had at heart. But that is ridiculous ! Can you walk now? Como along!' , 'That man Hills shall ho arrested. I will force him to say' what has become of my father, or ho shall hear tho con sequences. Rim . on, ploaso, and send that inspector to speak to me, for I cannot got along very well. I foil aud hurt mysolf a bit.' ' When ho saw tho ghost !' decided Alartiu, mentally ; hut ho instantly did Reginald's biddiug. The inspector hurried up — Martin standing aloof till he was wanted. ' Look bore, inspector, I believe that that man Jim Hills knows something of what has hofidlou. my futhor. Ho crossed tho lluins just now', In my liasto to stop him I foil, aud ho is gouo. If you can overtake him and briug him to mo I think that I can mako liim speak.' ' Very good, sir. lie can't have got far. I and my men will find him if lie is to bo found.' Aiid the polico officer wasted no timo in furtlicr words. ' Ho shall speak, or I will proclaim to all tho world who liu is !' muttered tho young mau, as ho limped along, bruised and fooblo, , ' .AVhut a shook tho sight of him. -.gave- mo, for' I liavo thought him dotid' all this thno ! So tho follow did not kill himself after all. ' Oh,- if ho has injured my dear old father!' Here ho broke off, overcome by his emotion, Loigh Funwes, de termined to search the ruins anow, met, him on the way. ' Do tnko half an hour's rest, Olford. You are quite knocked up,' said Loigh. ' You may ho ussured that I will not iouvo a. cranny of the ruins unexplored. Has tho park boon woll looked over? ' ' As woll as wo could do so by night. Half-a-dozen men are out now. This is very kind of you, Furrowos.' pro be continued. 