OUE FINANCES. -IT is with no desire to cry " stinking fish " that we again revert to the mist whica snrrounds our State finances, and the unsatisfactory condition generally of the Government accounts. Oar special correspondent, in Perth, in his telegramB of yesterday, stated that there was some considerable doubt existing in the minds of the Civil servants last week as to whether or not they would receive their month's salaries, and when the ghost did walk, as usual, the men received their money with feelings of great relief. He further states that the impression is gaining ground that the Government is short of cash, and that the surpluses in the loan and revenue accounts of which we have heard so much from the Premier, are really non-existent. The important item, however, mentioned in the telegram is that the auditing of pnblic -accounts is apparently eleven months in arrears, and, if this is so, it is obvious that a disgraceful state of s exists. A few days ago we had occasion to deal with this matter, and made public, on reliable authority, the still undisputed statement that qniie recently the Government borrowed £500,000, at 4- per cent., from the banks doing business in the colony, for the purpose of sweetening the current accounts. This has received not the slightest denial in Perth, and, consequently, we must now treat it as an actual fact. As pointed out by the English Press, and recognised in the colony the partial failure of our last loan in London was due to a very great extent to the small rate of interest offered. In face of this, it is surprising that while the Government offer the English capitalists three per cent, for the sum of £1,000,000 with the one hand, they obtain with the other half that amount within the colony at four per cent. ; the security of the last loan being a guarantee of repayment when t »e first one is successfully floated. This is Spanish finance with a vengeance, and we may be sure that the circumstance will not tend to increase our credit 4n London. The Government are pledged to borrow another £5,000,000 in England as soon as .possible, but before they place the second instalment on the market something will have to be done in the direction of proving that the books in the Perth Treasury are properly kept, and that the surpluses alleged to exist in the revenue accounts are not myths or delusions. "When Parliament meets in August a number of questions bearing on the financial position of the colony are sure to be asked ; . and if, as our correspondent says, the public accounts of the colony have not been audite.l for eleven months, some of the officials now in easy billets should be kicked out to make room for more capable men. Owing to the utter impossibility of obtaining any reliable official statement with regard to the finances, it is, of course, impossible to speak with any degree of certainty as to their condition, and, in view of this fact, we strongly advise the acting-Colonial Treasurer to, at his earliest convenience, unbosom himself, and tell the people just how matters stand. If the public accounts are in the muddle we suspect, the Treasury Department will be no exception to the general rule in this colony. The officials are now'handling more money ia a week than they saw in a year up to the discovery of gold on these. fields, and we have had bitter experience of what the new regime meant in the Railway, the Postal and Telegraph, and Customs Departments. Thanks to the glare of public criticism and public agitation, tbe several departments mentioned are now in what may be termed a state between very fair and excellent. The telegraph service of the colony especially has made giant strides, while the railways are at last nearly up to the mark demanded of them. What was done in these branches of the civil service can and must be performed in the Treasury—after all, the most important department of the lot. The present system of close secrecy must give place to one under which the general conditions of the finances must be published to the world every month at least. A staff of competent auditors must be formed, and in a word the old regime swept away until not even the ashes remain. .The majority of the people now living in this colony come from the East, and they all know that if this great territory is to prosper and flourish, it must steer clear of the rocks upon which the other Australasian states have from time to time become stranded. 