i SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, IS?;. ! i TEE DEADLOCK ECGE7. A great deal of clsptrsp has been talked la the Federal Convention. as t-isjvrii^re. about the deadlock tl!5k-alry. The majority of members sre per suaded that it ere is no reil difficulty TO be giEirutd against. Given two Houses. both elected on a pcpnlar boils, one responsible to the lsssple of Australia and the crier to the r*vpte of tlie states, and there is no reason to sap pose that necessary legislation will nc-z be carried through in the ordinary wsy. The Convention. hsd it acted on :ts convictions. wo-uld Live set aside rh; aire^pi to sc-cnre finality in icy ether vrav rh.-.r, by a gienersl election. Bin iLe majority have given way to the sssurances of Mr. Reid acd Sir George Turner thai federation would be in danger onkss some special means were j devised to Terminate a oon5Ic-t between ; the Houses. The delegates of life lesseri eoloiik-s were pfeised with the large; majority which gave them equal re-J presentation, and were willing to con-j cede something in return. Thus they j inclined their ear to proposals which j seem to them needles. The whole; -, t dis-r-ssj=ion is the octcome of prejudices, which hsve been indnstrlocsly festered j in Victoria and Sew South W;!: j Deference is paid to the ignorant audi unwarrantable a>sumption that the j Senate mnst be guarded against *> a] body which may set itself resolutely to] oppose- the popular wilL There is no; excuse for the assumption, even <31 the j part of those whose political existence ] .has depended chiefly on their spirited; abase of Legible live ConccUs. There j Is bo reason for snpp&sing; that pepo-J lariy-elcc-led Houses will n« be eqoaBy j In reconciling the interests of ?whole people with thos* ef parti- j tialcE; and the Quarrel which led 1 deadlock should be ren l leapossible by the clear statement s JOotonMBwealth Bill of the eon li^g|tfB<o£ either Hoose. The of United States for i | ised«r]r has proved that [«f Xtidttare can sotefet IfqnBjr withoa" to efcet will bring the people and the senators more closely together. This Is only to ; say, in other words, that tlie danger of ; a collision between the Houses will be ; reduced to a minimum. Mr. Deakin hit | the nail on the head when he said" that. |" owing to the equal franchise for tL-» I " doctors of the Senate nud the House | " of Representatives. deadlocks were |" less likely to occur under that eon " stitutkm than onder any ether ex " ample of bi-cameral syctem in | "existence." Why. then, should Aus-; tralia adopt elaborate precautions J wliieli are nor required elsewhere? If j the Premiers of Victor!:* and New j South Wales, instead of pandering to ; ignorant prejudice, had boldly said that j no safeguard was necessary other than | the right of dissolution, th?y would J hare swept the continent in favour of j federation: as it is. they have magnified j a stupid scaro about an imaginary dif5-j culty. | Having agreed, however, to provide! against i oseible deadlocks, the Couven-1 ticn must be congratulated on having ; rejected, by decided majorities, the; most objectionable proposals that were! placed before them. Tlie mass referv-n- i tluni has been rejected, as casatisfsc-j tory in itself, and as a certain means of; rendering federation impossible. It was not to t*e supposed that the lesser j states, having obtained equal represen- J tation in the Senate, would consent * > I the Senate being overpowered by a ?' direct vote of the constituents of the! House of Representatives. The dema- . gegue, under such a constitution, would ; be found working for a conflict between I the Houses; in the hope that his aim! might b^ attained by a mass vote in a : rush of popular excitement. A tyranny; of this sort would be intolerabie. Sir) George Turner was right when he said j that the mass referendum "never had! " the ghost of a shadow of a show." His! own device of the dual referendum. i denounced by Mr. Reid as "the greatest j " monstrosity and most utter absurdity ? "ever heard of in this world.'' alsoj csma to grief. The objection to this; proposal was that, In the event of a j c-c-cfsiet, It would entail a great deal of j trcnble without dole? a particle of; good. Tbe Senate and tbe House of; Representatives, after their visits to the j country. would probably be fbtrud en-! tertaining very mix-Ii tbe same views ; es before. The proposal which the Con- i venticn has cernslijf-^dapred is in' favour of a coc^?catrrt-cf simultaneous | dissolution of both 'Houses *lu of] any grave di^ecityv -foncwed by a] joint sitting, in which -fl Tassj^my cf > tLree-fifths of the metcbaics- present; shali have power to adapt or reject a . measure. Though this inrc>lves a sac-ri- j lice cf opinion on the part of some members of the Convention, it was{ carried by a substantial majority a. I the best possible compromise coder the! circumstances Tbe prospect of a dis-1 solution mny set as sn incentive to [ come to terms in any case of dispute. | and in tbe Isst re-sort a means of finality j is provided. This Is a compromise to; which all sides may wuiinzly ccree. Tbe Question will be again considered at tt? Melbourne meeting cf the Con vention. which has been fixed for January nest. The Question of the finsnf-pt, whk-h trill be discussed at the same time, is really th* more im portant cf the two; yet we cannot doubt that it will be easily settled, for . with a desire for fair play aQ round, it [resolves itself Into an affair of book I beeping. Meantinse questions of cora iparstively flight importance will be i magnified into tbe first place. Oppo ; aents of federation wfH be feond agitat | iog sgsisst the eqcal representation cf the states, ***** in favour of tbe mass : referendum. Under these banners they I will fight against federation, for fede | ration is hopeless if their views on t either of these subjects be adopted. It j is to be boped that such opposition will [ be seen in its trne coitus, and that the [strong and growing federal spirit | within the colonies will sweep awsy fill [obstacles. 