A. S t r o l l U n d e r t h e T h a m e s ; Few people outside the metropolis, aod not many people Londoners, know that deep down beoeath tbe bed o f t’ Thames, for more than two years past, little army of men has been busy, week after week, month after month, day and night, driving east and west the twin tunnels that are destined ultimately to connect Waterloo with the Oily. The outward and .visible sign of this gigantic undertaking is the immense wooden staging which rears its contorted form above the muddy waters of tbe river just north of BUokfriars B ridge; and thither, one morning reoently, the writer wended his wav* armed with tbe necessary permit to view the works. There is one way, and one way only, to get to the tunnels, and th at is b y climbiDg down an apparently endless aeries of ladders, affixed against the inside of a sort of gigantic drain-pipe^teehni* eally termed a cofferdam—which has been sunk through the Thames mud, beneath the river-bed, deep down ioto the greasy, blue olay upon which London stands. I t it an eerie feeling. 2 be round blotch of blue sky above grows smaller and smaller as I deioend. The darkness becomes more and more profound. A t first the listening ear catches pc force the swish, swish,fiiwish of the river, plashing sullenly round the outc>de_of_the big, east-iron tube. Then silence. Then, after a long interval, the sound of voices comes floating up from the bottom of the well, mingled with the clanging of iron agaiait iron, and the muffied throbbing of a pair of gigantic pumps. Presently I reach the foot of tbe shaft, and, after dooning a suit of workman's clothes, plunge into one of the yawning oaveros that branch off in either direo lion. I t is net a s altogether pleasant experience. At intervals a bulb lamp throws a ghastly splotch of white against the grey concrete walls, ta d makes a feeble attempt to penetrate a few feet into the surrounding gloom. Elsewhere it is darkness—darkness that may almost be felt. I t is quite dry /however, for the tunnel along which I am slowly making my way is in reality nothing more than a gigantic drain Jp|pe laid east and west beneath the bed of the river. Only it it ah empty pipe, into which no water from the outside is allowed to pereo* lath. I light a cigarette, and am beginning to feel quite comfortable, when all of a sudden the two tiny steel rails that run along the centre of the floor of the tonne] begin to quiver and h u m ; a red light, like unto a monster eye, appears suddenly in tbe near distance, aad the next instant I am jerked sharply back against the wall, and a whisper—which is really a shont, strangled at its birth by the approaching roar of tbe locomotive—bids me make myself as small as possible. Needless to say, I obey my guide with alacrity, and a moment latar a parkylooking little engine daahei past, trailing behind it a long row ’of “ skips " filled with freshly excavated elay. I t is worked by electric power with an overhead wire, tbe eteel rails upon whioh the engine rune completing the cironit, and there is much spluttering of blue and red sparks under the wheels as it disappears in the direction of the abaft. Twenty minutes* sharp walking, and we find our further progress barred by a solid m an of masonry more than 7f t thick p y guide tells me—in the centre of which is a circular steel door. This air-lock ahd through it we must pass if we desire to continue our explorations ; all work on the other side being performed under compressed air. While we are waiting ihe arrival of the lockkeeper my guide explains briefly ihe system under which this compressed air is employed to prevent the water bursting in is all very beautiful and simple—in theory. The engineers know or are supposed to know, how many million cubic feet of water and water­ bearing strata are above their tu n n el; and, to oounteraet th e downward pressure of the superineembent mass, they pump into tb it portion of the works eitaated between the air-lock and the tunnel-head a certain ektra quantity of air. Tbe difficulty is, of course, to know just when to atop; If ybu pump in too little the resultant pressure if insuMcient and the water comes in ; teo much, and Jon are liable to blow up the bed of tbe river. I t is sot exaolly a nice sensation—that of going through an air-lock for the first time. If we could conceive of a man, living all hit life on the top of Mount Blanc, suddenly transported to sea level, it is probable he would suffer much as I did. As soon as I was seated in the empty lock—which, by tbe way, ia uuoh like the interior of a big, empty boiler—and the air began to rush in, a aeries of extraordinary and etceedingly painful sensations promptly made themselves manifest. The drums of my ears were forced in until it seemed aa if they must b u rst; and my entire body felt as if swathed in abme gigantic alose-fitting and yet invisible shroud, which was being drawn tighter and tighter by a giant's grip nntil the blood almost ceased to oironlate. But, worst of all. was a horrible sense of impending sofiocatioo, due to the lungs being unable ail at once te accommodate themselves to their new environment I was ju it about to cry ont that I could bear it no iorger, when tbe rush of the incoming air-blast grew perceptibly leu , and finally eeated altogether, the door opposite to that by whioh weentered was swung open, aod we were in the tunnel again, walking about under an air-pressure of SOlbs to tbe sqnire inch. A few moment, .nffioed to take o . to the tunnel bead, where doren. of half* naked, brawny giant, are delving away into the unknown There is no iron pipe abore onr head. now. Nothing but . thin layer of clay and mud, and th . anllen wuleri of the Thame, kept from overwhelming us only by that myiferion., inriaible, and yet fearfnlly potent air p re m ie . By thia time, howerer, I «n*er no tnoon.enienoe The eomprel.ed atr haa penetrated to every p .rt of m* system, tbe pressnre within and without Ihe body ia equal, and I fell practically ib eo n m ee. before I paasad throaah th i look. ww-i— s H iere is a difference, how enr, and my « tid e eoQTiaoei me of it by a enrioni little expenment worked by myielf. B e bida me whutle, end when I obediently m ade the attempt, I find that I cm only ■ncceed in prodncing a slight, hiuing •oand, th erery ghost of a whistle, as ft were. E ndeotly my lungs were aot need to ekpelliog air nnder doabi. pressnre. lo c h ly , no small boy, .r» employed in this part of tbe tueu.L or w het would beoome of them under this restraint it is difficult to oonoeiro Another curious fact 1 The men fin d tt pr.ctioaily impossible to boil water the boiling point being dS4F„ or precisely' double whet, i t , , outaide. A few drops heated to this pitch would bnro one like ▼itrol. The pssssge back throngh the air-lock ia acootnpli.hed wilhont any nntewsM moident, ahd twenty minntea latar X aitting in the prirete office of the eo. gineer of the works, jotting down a fast •tatiaties. The firet pile of the “ eofferwas, it appears, drisen on 20th 1891, and exearating began in NorfeUowing. The tannela are l ^ t in in diameter, and are ooestmoted on w hat if known as the tnblar system, it . , eaeh tunnel is preofieatiy one immense pipe of wrought iron, bolted together ie segments, and lined threnghont with ement. The lotel length of the line from W aterloo to the Mansion House vriUw. mile end e h.lf, and there will he no nteimodiete statio n , aud, of oourse, no to p p u n t m route.— J/>tuUn Daily M a ll 