TALES & SKETCHES BUCKLEY, THE WILD WHITE MAN; OR Thirty-two Years among the Blacks (By W. T. PYKE.) CHAPTER II.-(Continued.) The Port Phillip Settlement of 1803-4. However, it was not all beer and skittles with the convicts. They were aroused from their slumbers at sunrise and immediately set to work at their several tasks, which they were kept at till seven in the evening, with about two hours and a half of intervals for rest and refreshment. But in extenua- tion of hard labour, the discipline to which they had to submit was not very severe when we take into con- sideration all surrounding circum- stances; and their food was good, and there appears to have been plenty of it, in fact, the convicts in this respect fared quite as well as their keepers. But the excessive heat constantly re- ferred to, and complained of, by the Rev. Robert Knopwood, made con- tinuous work irksome to men who had been enjoying or enduring a forced idleness on shipboard for so many months. To escape from this uncon- genial toil many convicts eluded the vigilance of their guards, and took to the bush. But they found out that by doing so they had jumped out of the frying-pan into the fire. The surround- ing country was so barren that absconders were soon compelled to re- turn. Yet notwithstanding the non- success of these, hardly a day passed without one or more of the others running away; the object of most of them being to reach Port Jackson. A very hazy idea of the geography of their position prevailed among the convicts, it being generally imagined that the older colony was but a short distance off. To correct this mistaken notion and lessen the number of escapes, the Governor printed notices warning all of the difficulties and dangers of such a desperate course, and the utter im- possibility of men, almost naked and totally inexperienced in bush craft, being successful in an attempt to reach a settlement 1000 miles away along the coast; and adding, that even should they by any chance elude the lynx- eyed and blood-thirsty natives they would be immediately brought to justice and severely punished on their arrival at their destination. In the month of November a batch of six convicts absconded, but in a few days returned in a very sorry plight, repentant and crestfallen. On this occasion the Governor determined to make a striking example of the cul- prits, and teach a solemn lesson to every convict in the encampment. He therefore ordered a general parade of troops and prisoners, and gave instructions to the chaplain to read his official commissions as Lieutenant-Governor. After this ceremony he sentenced each of the miserable delinquents to a public castigation of 100 lashes each. But this brutal punishment acted as no deterrent to their companions in durance, for it is reported that even so early as the next day some others made a bold dash for liberty. Three of these came back in such an exhausted state that the punishment cat could not safely be administered to them. In fact, their strength was so far gone that it was found neces- sary to place them under the care of the doctor. They stated to the autho- rities that their companions had le- vanted with the provisions while they were searching for water. This story proving the falsity of the old pro- verb about there being honour among thieves, thus Governor attempted to draw a moral from the treachery, and hoped that so strong an indignation and mutual distrust would be aroused as to prevent in future any such com- binations to break away from their lawful keepers. Graver delinquencies broke out dur- ing the next month, among which were store-breaking, and plundering. Even the tents of the sick were robbed of their provisions. On Christmas Eve a raid was made on the commissary's tent, and besides other articles a gun was made off with. Christmas day came. The smiling sun shining in a brilliant Australian sky contrasted strongly with what our exiles had experienced in northern climes. But old associations and cus- toms were not wholly forgotten or ne- glected under these new conditions, and a slight indulgence was offered to the prisoners in the shape of 1lb. of raisins each for Christmas plum pudding, so that all could enjoy this time- honoured Christmas luxury. Our hero Buckley now appears on the records in a new light. He had started well. His behaviour on ship- board was exemplary, and a consider- able amount of liberty was accorded him in consequence. Most of his time was spent on deck, where he made himself useful in a variety of ways among the seamen. The Governor took notice of him, being, no doubt, attracted by his fine, up- standing, soldierly appearance, and promoted him to the rank of his own body-servant, which position he held till his services were required to assist in the erection of the more substantial structures of the settlement-the powder magazine and store-room; skilled labour, such as he possessed by virtue of his early train- ing as a bricklayer, being lamentably wanting in the little community. His ingrained hatred to hard or continuous labour again showed itself. Bricklaying had not agreed with him in his youthful years, and now in his manhood, the old aversion marked another turning point in his career. Perhaps the sudden change from flunkey to artisan had something to do with it this time. Anyhow, once more he listened to the voice of the tempter, and became a party to a carefully prepared plot, which was devised in company with five other black sheep of the convict fold who longed for fresh fields and pastures new. The work they were employed upon frequently took them outside the line of sentinels, and they availed themselves of any little op- portunity that might offer itself to "plant" provisions or any other article they thought would come in useful to them in the bush. On the 27th December they were ready, and agreed to make a start for freedom that night. When the shades of evening had given place to deep gloom of night, and the last weary convict had at length fallen into a troubled slumber, and naught broke the solemn still- ness but the drowsy sentinels on their watchful rounds, or the weird cry of a native bird or animal in the ghost-like bush around, then did the six conspirators quietly steal forth from the presence of their comrades into the outer air, pass the line of sentinels, and make for their se- creted hoard. But — 'The best laid schemes o' mice and men Gang aft a'gley, And leave us naught but grief and pain For promised joy." and Buckley and his friends found this out to their cost. They managed to "spring their plant'," as getting away with hidden booty is called in convict parlance, but the authorities, suspecting that a number of the convicts had con- certed a plot amongst themselves to break away, had that night stationed an extra line of outposts beyond the confines of the settlement. Un- fortunately for the fugitives, these piquets were on the 'qui vive,' and opened fire just as the retreating men began to feel that they had completely eluded the vigilance of their guards, with the result that one man was brought down by a well-aimed bullet. Another one was so terrified and dazed at seeing his comrade fall that he paused in his flight, and was immediately surroun- ded and captured. Shot after shot reverberated through the woods, but none of the other runaways were hit. Dodging behind trees and bushes and any inequalities of the ground that they could take advantage of, they gradu- ally got out of range and made good their escape. We will now leave them for a time and follow the fortunes of the settle- ment. The success of this daring out- break greatly alarmed the authorities, who considered that so large a num- ber of the exiles being free in the bush was a strong menace to the maintenance of order within the boundaries of the settlement. It was feared that others would strive to emulate the enterprise of Buckley and his party. The night watch was immediately strengthened, and shortly afterwards a voluntary association of civil offi- cers and free settlers was formed to assist the military in their police func- tions. The officers of this kind of special constabulary carried fire- arms and the men were armed with batons. Their self-appointed duties consisted of a patrol of the en- campment independently of the mili- tary rounds. Being irregular in their movements, and not wearing a uni- form like the soldiers it could never be foretold by the convicts when or where they would turn up next, and consequently they soon became very useful in checking crime; and many an unfortunate misdemeanant was pounced upon by them and promptly brought to justice. In consequence of large fires being seen at some distance from the en- campment it was concluded that the escapees were still in the neighbour- hood. It was therefore determined that an effort should be made to re-take them. With this object an expedition was organised on the 6th of January, 1804, in which the civil association and several marines joined their forces. They managed to follow the tracks of the fugitives for several miles, hut could trace them no fur- ther, and perforce had to come back unsuccessful. No other attempt was made in this direction, as the Governor thought that it was un- necessarily harassing to the small force under his command, and he felt sure that the runaways would return or else perish by starvation. A week after this fruitless expedi- tion one of Buckley's companions sur- rendered himself at the camp after having, according to his own account, accompanied his fellow fugitives al- most around Port Phillip, a distance of one hundred miles. He brought back the stolen gun with him, and stated that he had subsisted almost entirely on shell-fish and gum—a very inferior bill of fare even for a convict. The last days of the settlement were now drawing nigh. Lieutenant- Colonel Collins had never liked Port Phillip. He had pitched upon pro- bably the worst spot upon its shores, and although he had sent out many exploring parties, these had performed their duties in so very perfunctory a manner that no practical good came of them. It is true that he was told of the existence of a large stream (the Yarra) at the head of the bay, but this he considered to be too far away from the entrance for the safety of such an establishment as his. Collins seems to have had an ex- treme dread of the natives, and they were reported to be very numerous and ferocious around about the north- ern shores. The small body of troops at his command were scarcely suffi- cient to keep his unruly charges in check, and he deemed it too great a risk to venture further from the open sea to a place where he would, in all likelihood, have a large body of black foes without his walls to contend with as well as the many white black- guards within. Excessive prudence seems to have been a very noticeable feature of Col- lins's character. To us looking back over the past, and knowing what has been done by but poorly equipped later comers, his cautious conduct may be said to have amounted to timidity, and quite unworthy of the leader of a colonising expedition. Within a month after landing he was already seeking to quit Port Phil- lip. He had an idea that Van Die- men's Land would be superior both from a commercial and a military point of view. The following quota- tion from a despatch to Governor King clearly conveys his opinion of Port Phillip and at the same time shows what a bad prophet he was. He writes:— "I am well aware that a removal hence must he attended with much difficulty and loss, but upon every possible view of my situation, I do not see any advantage that could he thereby attained, nor that by staying here I can at all answer the inten- tions of the Government in sending hither a colonial establishment. The bay itself, when viewed in a com- mercial light, is wholly unfit for any such purpose, being situated in a deep and dangerous bight, between Cape Albany Otway (now Cape Otway), and Point Schanck, to enter which must ever re- quire a well-manned and well-found ship, a leading wind, and a certain time of tide, for the ebb runs out at the rapid rate of from five to seven knots an hour, as were experienced by the store-ship. The Calcutta had fortunately a fair wind, and the tide of flood when she came in, and she experienced a very great indraught, which had brought her during the night much nearer than she expected. With a gale of wind upon, the coast and well in between the two above- mentioned points, a ship would be in imminent risk of danger." He writes further under date 14th November, 1803, to Lord Hobart, the Secretary of State, as follows:— "I regret that I have not a better report to make to your lordship of the probable success of an expedition equipped under your lordship's aus- pices with a liberality that inspired everyone concerned in the undertak- ing with the most sanguine hopes of success. You may rest assured that what is possible shall be done by me to ensure it, if it should be Go- vernor King's opinion that I am to remain here. I have suggested to that gentleman in a private letter which I wrote to him, that Port Dalrymple, on the northern side of Van Diemen's Land, appears to pos- sess those requisites for a settlement in which this very extensive harbour is so wholly deficient. Every day's experience convinces me that it can- not, nor ever will be resorted to by speculative men. The boat that I sent to Port Jackson was three days lying at the mouth of the harbour before she could get out, owing to a swell occasioned by the wind meet- ing the strong tide of ebb. A ship would undoubtedly find less difficulty but she must go out at the top of the tide, and with a leading wind, which is not to be met with every day. When all the disadvantages attending this bay are publicly known, it cannot be supposed that commercial people will be very desir- ous of visiting Port Phillip." He was vested with discretionary power to remove the settlement if he considered the site unfit, and he re- solved to communicate with Gover- nor King at Port Jackson in order to find whether any port likely to be suitable for a colony had been dis- covered along the south coast of Australia. It was, however, a difficult matter to convey his despatch, as the Cal- cutta was wanted in the bay, and the transport Ocean having completed her charter, could not be utilised with- out additional expense to the Go- vernment. In this emergency a cousin and namesake of the Lieutenant-Governor gallantly volunteered to make the voyage to Sydney in a open boat. His offer wars gladly accepted, and he started with a crew of six con- victs upon what turned out to be a most tempestuous and perilous voy- age. After nine days' buffeting of wind and wave, he and his plucky crew arrived within 60 miles of Syd- ney Heads, when they were overtaken by the Ocean, which took them on board and carried them on to their destination. The despatches were duly delivered, and Governor King thus received the first intimation of the arrival of the expedition within the boundaries of his extensive do- minions. Governor King concurred with his coadjutor Collins, as to the advisa- bility of removing the settlement to the island of Van Diemen's Land. Should the French attempt to form a colony in the neighbourhood he thought that they would more likely select that island than the mainland. He accordingly rechartered the Ocean to assist Collins in the removal of his establishment across the water from Port Phillip, either to Port Dalrymple on the northern coast, or to Storm Bay on the southern coast, whichever he preferred. The return of the Ocean on Decem- ber 12 with Governor King's reply was therefore gladly welcomed. The agreeable news brought by it was however accompanied by the very dis- agreeable and disturbing intelligence, that war was again raging between England and France. Captain Woodriff of the Calcutta on learning this, resolved, with the true patriotism characteristic of a British sailor, to leave the colony and bring his vessel within the fighting arena without any loss of time. Its departure, less than a week afterwards, somewhat inconvenienced the authorities of the settlement, and delayed arrangements for the removal; so that it was not till the end of January that the first shipload consisting of 120 convicts and twenty marines were taken on board the Ocean. After sailing through Port Phillip heads it took her twenty days to reach the river Derwent, truly a very tardy voyage. She left again on March 22, and did not arrive at Port Phillip till April 17, a voyage of almost a month. In three days the remainder of the establishment was embarked and again sail was set. This time, owing to the very tempestuous weather pre- vailing, the voyage occupied the long period of thirty-five days, more than is now taken to steam half way round the globe. The very elements seem to have protested against the abandon- ment of the settlement. Thus the attempted colonization of Victoria was finally relinquished by our colonel of marines and his re- creant crew, and the native inhabi- tants were left for another generation to roam in the primeval solitudes of the pathless woods, or along the lonely beach of the sea-girt shore un- disturbed by the unruly intrusion of the white invader. (To be Continued.) 