BBOADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. The last stroke of twelve and 1896 lay dead auiidthe shouts and hosannas that greeted its successor, 1897. The .dust of the year that has gone is borne to the grave of the buried centuries. The dust returns to dust, the ashes to ashes, and from, their decay and death, the year just born gathers new lite and strength, till one year hence it shall in turn give up the j ghost and join the millions that have gone j before in the dead marsh to eternity. t There were no teal's, no cries, no agony j or sorrow, as the dead year was borne to its ; supulchre by gkostly hands. Its life lias | been one long wail of disaster wherever the i sun shines on oar globe. Three or four ■ times since the year just dead was born, all Europe has been upon the verge of- war; our own country, whose policy is peace, threatened to be drawn into the universal ; strife—a strife which, thanks to the moder- j ation of many of Europe's greatest states- , mea, and the wisdom of the ablest men of ■ our own land, war, the greatest of national . calamities, is for the present happily averted. Though war has been averted, the year just past has not been prosperous or happy; a class of political thugs who live and thrive on ruin and disaster have been sowing the seeds of discontent among our working classes, teaching them that their bitterest enemies are the capitalists who employ them; decrying and abusing all government that gives social order the protection of law. The vilest criminals to day in our land are those who are striving to arraign class against class, which if suc cessful must ultimately lead to the ruin of both. The opening of 1897 is pregnant with, mighty events to New York and Brooklyn, and incidentally affecting the country for rnaiy miles around. By the consolidation of New York and Brooklyn and numerous other towns and cities, the Greater New York suddenly becomes a city of the first class, with a population of nearly tour millions, and from its position as a mer cantile centre, and its wonderful accretion in wealth and population, promises to become, in the nest twenty-five or thirty years, the foremost of the world. Notwithstanding the most tremendous civil war of modern times, entailing the loss of a million of men and the disabling of hundreds of thousands more, spending I in the defence of the unity of the States I five thousand millions of dollars, of which | three thousand millions remained unpaid j at the close of the war, and with an increasing pension tax, which in 1896 I attained the enormous figure of one J hundred and forty millions of dollars, New , York lias tripled its wealth, since the close j of the war, and nearly doubled its popula tion. With the new year came the inauguration of our new Governor, and the i consequent hegira of politicians and office seekers for Albany. Though thousands ! have left the city to keep New Year's Day j in their old homes, or among friends in the country, there are always enough left to make a very imposing crowd to make a ! respectable celebration. A singular custom is observed here every New Year's eve, which has its counterpart I believe, nowhere on the face of the earth.' Yet the old New Yorker observes it with as much regularity as if the command to do was a part of the decalogue. On New Year's eve, no matter what the condition j of the weather, hail, rain, or snow, freezing ] cr sloppy streets, and of being almost squeezed to death, with an excellent chance of having two or three broken ribs and ; your pocket picked into the bargain, New j York's old and young, rich and poor, lame, ! halt, and. blind, gather as near as they can j to the front of Trinity Church, which stands on Broadway, right at the head of "Wall-street, where the money changers ; dwell. From every quarter of the two ! great cities, they co;r.e by hundreds and j thousands, till the congregation becomes a : mighty, seething, throbbing mass of j humanity, apparently struggling tor life, j Though the fight for place, is apparently j fierce, no blows are struck, for each [ acknowledges the other's right to get tbe j best place he can, but as in all such cases, ! the strong hand rules. What do you think ! has brought them there ? Why to hear j the bells of old Trinity ring out the j Christmas chimes. If they really could j hear them, if they were musically inclined, j it would be a trifling compensation for the . sufferings they endure, but they can't. I Broadway is solidly blocked from the church j to the park one way and from Bowling j Green to l he church the other. Wall-street I won't contain another man. All the way j down to the old slave market, where a cen- l tury and a half ago strong niggers and j wenches direct from Africa alternated the ! auction block with boses of brown sugar and barrels of West Indies rum. The occa siona.1 squawk of one of these tin horns which makes our December Christian holiday anything but a season of thanksgiving, reminds you that the small boy is around, and one almost wishes that he was born in Dahomey so as to assist in tbe slaugher of the innocents. After weary waiting, with lossof temper, freezing feet, and some mild swearing, at j last the old Trinity chimes rang out the [ " GJory Hallelujah!" Instantly with the j last stroke of twelve, a horrid crash and head-splitting shock awakens every sleeper : for miles around, and poor timid creatures i who at watch meetings liave been awaiting j the summons, think the Day of Judgment j has arrived and rush home. After that, ' for over an hour, hardly a note of the Trinity chimes could be heard. Some of these musical assassins were armed with the old-fashioned rattle, such as was used by the ancient watchman, anywhere from fifty to a hundred years ago. In addition to J the other peace-destroyers was a whistle, which gave out a note somewhere between the squawk of a frightened gander and the shriek of a dry buzz-saw. Pandemonium reigned, with the small boy on top. j A stringent order had gone out from headquarters that the small boy and his ; lioru must be suppressed, and the captain of the precinct, in addition to the regular Broadway squad, which, by the way, is a Broadway squad no longer, sent out fifty ; extra patrolmen with strict orders if any of the youthful destroyers of the public ; peace were caught in tbe act todestroyjthe . horn and arrest the offender. A few horns were taken but no arrests were made. New Year's day came bright and clear, with a mild balmy air, gave promise of comfort to the grand army of visitors who ; make the most of the New Year free lunch The notices of those who receive callers were largely in all the papers, and more generally accepted, than it lias been for several years past, and the quiet that pre vailed in both cities, the stores being uni r.orsally closed, «ave the day the appenr ; auce of a well-observed Christian Sabbath ; in New England, leaving the impression : I that tea. coiled, lemonade, and other unim peachable drinks, had taken the place of , hot Scotch, ruin punch, with ail occasional suspicion of "Old Crow" or "Monougahela," j which happily for the public peace, are 1 relegated to a secret closet in the back ; room, with the unsavoury memories of the past. \\* On New Year's eve General McLewee of ' the Governor's staff, received a "Happy i New Year" which he did not expect. He I was to make the report of his department | for tlie year,- and-as Governor Morton's authority would cease in about 'eighteen . hours, at the sauie time as. his. own, he thought he could Rive the ^Governor arid all of his superiors a i^ood Messing di.wn, and that he would be out of harm's way before any -of- the parties assailed could strike back; But Governor McLewee counted without his host; he evidently did not ' know how good at counting the Governor I was. So, before sending his report to I military headquarters, he gaye it to an ! evening paper, a thing unheard of among ... ■ military men. When General McAlpin ■ j heard of it he almost exploded, and hurry | ing to the Governor laid the case before ! him. The Governor, when be read the attack on himself, just as he was about to [ give up his office, it made him mad from the roots of his hair to the tips of his toes. He immediately called a council of war, I and in less time than it takes to say Jack Robinson General McLewee received the grant bounce, was fired out bag and bag gage, scrip and scrippage. The sudden dismissal of General McLewee, in disgrace, within eighteen hours of tha time his com mission would have expired, has caused & very profound sensation among military men, who say that General McLewee has put his military foot in it, and that hence forth he will be as dead in military matters "as herrings which are red-" _ . The split in Tammany Hall, which I prognosticated a few weeks ago lias come at last, and the. clans-are in open rebellion. Henry Purroy, who holds one" of the most exalted and profitable positions within the gift of the people of this State, leads the revolutionists, and plenty of discontents are flocking to his banner. . The rebellion, is not so much against Tammany as it is against Mr. Sheehan who was made Tarn- • many's leader on the retirement of Eichard Croeker. As far as regularity is concerned, Mr. Sheehan has the call; placed in the position he was, he had either to accept the Chicago nominee or get out of the democratic party. He chose the first alternative and is not dead yet. If you want a party capable cf honest work you must have organization at its back. Organization means the subordina tion of the personal rights and feelings of individuals for the benefit and good of ■ the whole. For many years past, an old man might, be seen slowly walking down town on the sunny side of Broadway. His home was on" Union Square, and to his house belonged the unique distinction of being the only private dwelling in that remarkably busy mart for over a quarter of century. Except that his clothes were more shabby and greasy, and the stoop in his shoulders was more pronounced, the old man did not seem to have changed in forty years. His body was long, thin, and gaunt; his features were sharp, thin, and harsh; and while wobbling along, with shuffling gait, though seeming to notice nobody, his" ayes were in constant motion, watching with apparent suspicion and fright,, any person "that chanced to come near him. Though he walked up and down Broadway every day at about the same time, nobody seemed to know him, but that is not strange, for this busy babel is not like the country, where a man or a woman could give you the history of all the neighborsfor twenty miles around. Old Pat McGaffney was one of Mayor Fernando Wood's policemen; he had been stationed on Union Square for nearly thirty years; the old man knew Pat and Pat knew him. Pat never betrayed the confi dence reposed in him, by answering the foolish questions of ctirions people who wanted to know who the old man. was. It was a pitiable sight, of a cold winter's day, to see the poor old man hobbling along with his greasy old swallow-tailed coat, bnttoned up to his throat, and Viip battered stove-pipe hat, which had evi dently been a target for unruly boys in snowball time. A pair of dancing pumps served as an iudifferent covering for his feet, for they had been patched and patched from time to time, till hardly a shred remained of the original pump, on which, this marvellous structure had been reared. Socks or stockings he seldom wore, and such luxuries as drawers «r underclothing were strangers to his wardrobe. No overcoat.. protected his poor old withered body from " the bitiug blasts of winter, yet this apparently poor old man had in safe deposits and in banks over seventeen hundred thousand dollars in U.S. bonds afad other gilt-edged securities, drawing an average interest of five per cent.; Hie U.S. bonds had not a coupon cut from them for over twenty years. The name of this singular old miser was Eichard Tigh, an Irishman, coming from the very best of Irish families, who for hundreds of years have beeu recognized among the foremost of the Irish aristoc racy. Eichard Tigh ostracised himself from his family and his relatives if he had anyl There are quite a number of people who declare that they had heard him say years ago that all of his relatives were dead. Bat whether there are or whether there are not, is only important and interesting so far as it furnishes a lot of hungry relatives a chance to get at the seventeen hundred thousand dollars into court and keep it there till the lawyers have picked the bones of the skeleton and bid goodby to Richard Tigh and his empty money bags. And so, good bye, old year. Let the dead past bury its dead; we have now to deal with the living present. " What shall the harvest be." 