A Wonderful Albatross. Not all naval oficers can boast, like I Captain Corcoran, R.N,, that they are never, never sick at sea. Every now and then one is met who, no matter how long he may remain in the Navy, can never set sail without suffering from that dire disease. Such a man was Captain Hardy Lee, U.S.N. He rarely appeared on deck save in dead calms, or in severe stress of weather, when he dragged himself forth, looking like a seasick ghost. He commanded the old sloop-of-war Tampa, on a cruise she made to the South Pacific about twenty years ago. He had orders to stop at Apia to pick up a party of scientists who had been making some investigations in Samoa for the Smithsonian Institution. After passing through the Straits of Magellan the Tampa bowled along at a lively gait that kept the captain closely confined to his cabin. A number of albatross followed the ship for several days for the sake of what the cooks threw overboard. One day Ensign Mayne Brace, more generally known by his nickname of "Splicer," sent an apprentice boy below for a stout fish-line and a piece of pork. Tying the line about the pork, he threw it overboard. Almost instantly one of the albatross pounced upon it and swallowed it, whereupon Splicer hauled the bird aboard. Directing some of his fellow-officers to hold the flapping wings and wriggling head, he took a brush from the painter and drew a large pair of spectacles on the albatross ; then cut ting the fish-line off close to the bird's month, he let it go. The albatross floundered clumsily about in the air for a few seconds, and then solemnly took up its flight again in the wake of the Tampa. The bird's ridiculous appear ance was greeted with shouts of laugh ter by Splicer's associates, who insisted that the entire flock should be similarly decorated, and in the course of the afternoon the task was accomplished. A few days later the Tampa ran into a dead calm, and the captain emerged from the cabin, looking a little peaked, but the incarnation of official dignity. The vessel proceeded under her auxiliary steam power, and the albatross still kept up their unceasing pursuit. Sod denly the captain observed them for the first time. He rubbed his eyes, and looked at them again ; then, turning to the quartermaster, he asked for a glass, and scanned them closely for several minutes. "Mr Brace," he asked at length of that officer, who happened to be stand ing near, " have you noticed anything peculiar about those birds ?" " Why, no, sir," said Splicer; "they seem to act very much as albatross usually do." " No, but their markings," explained the captain. "I never saw atbatross se curiously marked in my life." " Oh, you refer to those rather odd streaks about the eyes l" exclaimed Splicer. "Yes, sir, my attention has been called to them." "Attention has been called to them I" shouted the captain. "You don't mean to say that you had to wait for some body to show them to you ? It's the most remarkable whimsicality of nature I ever witnessed." "Yes, sir, I believe the species is very rare," said Splicer. " Of course," he continued, "we studied all about them at the academy, and I learned then that they were seldom met with nowadays. It is said that on account of the superstitions feelings of the sailors it has been impossible to secure a specimen for our museums. Diomedes Spectaculata, I believe, the species is called, or Spectacled Albatross, from a fancied resemblance of their markings to a pair of eyeglasses." " Fancied resemblance I" roared the captain. "Why, damme, I had to take the glass to persuade myself they weren't adjustable I Gad, sir, I'll secure one of these very birds, and present it to my friend Professor Hunter, whom you'll meet at Apia." Splicer began to fear that his jest might act as a boomerang on himself. "I am afraid it would be impossible to shoot one of those birds, sir," he inter posed, "without running the risk of killing it. And, of course, you would not want to do that. The moral effect on the men would be very bad-I might say disastrous." " Who said anything about shoot ing ?" queried the captain. "Do you suppose I am going to use one of Uncle Sam's finest sloops-of-war to retrieve sea birds with? Quartermaster, get me a stout fish-line and a piece of pork," and the captain proceeded to instruct the ensign in the art of fishing for alba tross. The ensign began to tremble in his shoes when he saw one of the birds swallow the bait and begin to come aboard with the line. As he looked around nervously, seeking a place whither to escape, he noticed a dark blue streak approaching on the water. It was his only hope. The albatross was nearly landed. "It looks as if we might have squally weather, sir," said Splicer. The captain quickly turned, and gave the necessary orders for discontinuing the use of steam and proceeding under sail; and then telling Brace to have the albatross properly secured and cared for, he beat a hasty retreat to his cabin. When the lamps cast anchor in Apia Bay the captain re-appeared. " Mr Brace," he said, when that offi cer appeared in answer to his summons, " I hope you have followed out my in Istructions in regard to that remarkable albatross." " Yes, sir," replied the ensign. "I am now going ashore to meet Professor Bunter and his learned asso ciates, but before going I should like to examine the bird more closely than I have had an opportunity to do hitherto. . Well, sir, do you hear met Why do you hesitate ~" "I regret-I-I fear that it will he Iimpossible, sir.', " Impossible? Do I hear you aright? I Take care, Mr Brace I I trust you can explain your language satisfactorily, sir." " Why, the fact is, sir," replied Spli cer, "that the albatross is not on board." " Not on board, Mr Brace ? I placed the bird in your charge, and I shall hold you responsible for it. Through whose negligence did it escape ?" "Through nobody's, air; by my orders." " By your orders, Mr Brace ? Egad, sir, that is very like disobedience to my orders, sir I And, damme, that would Le a court-martial offence I" "Yes, sir," replied the junior watch officer; "I realised that when.I took the responsiblity in your-eh-absence, sir. The fact is that the bird, despite the most solicitous care, became ill, very ill, air; so ill that the men were sure that it would die. I feared that it would myself, sir; and, knowing the bad name that would attach to the ship in that event, in view of the superstitions feelings of the crew, when I judged that its recovery was impossible, I-I ordered its release, sir." "Egad, sir, you have taken a dange rous liberty I" The captain's face was purple with suppressed rage. "You say the bird was ill-what was the matter with it? Where was the anrgeon ? What disease could any bird get on board this ship that would justify you in throwing it overboard 7" "It was seasick, sir I" 