MU. GLASSEY'S MOTION. i Jil the Legislative Assembly last week I Mr. Glassey gave notice of his intention to move that in the opinion of the House the Government should obtain the report of the Committee of Investigation into the affairs of the Q.N. Bank, and that such report should he laid on the table of the House without further delay. This week the Government have shown no disposition to mate opportunity for a debate on Mr. Glassey's proposal. Our view is that the motion is itself a blunder, but we also think that to allow it to remain on the business paper day after day is another blunder. It ought to be dealt with as quickly as possible. The statement made by Sir Horace Tozer on Wednesday is characterised by an artificial' mystery. It seems to indicate in a vague sort of way that the Government would like to have the matter held over till Sir Hugh Nelson has assumed the leadership of the Government and of the Assembly. It seems to hint, indeed, that there is a possibility that the Government may adopt another policy in regard to the production of the report after the return of the Premier. New ground may then be broken. If this is not a misinter- pretation of the Acting Premier's statement, we desire to ask if such postponement is not a mistake ? Without the least disrespect to Sir Hugh Nelson or the high office, and conceding the naturalness of a desire on the part of Sir 'Hugh's colleagues to lay the whole position before him, we yet submit that there is no case for delay in dealing with Mr. Glassey's motion. There is not the ghost of a probability that the Committee will back down. They have informed the Government that a gentleman not now in Australia has protested against the publication of certain of (his affairs in, their report, and demanded a personal examination. He says that he is able to give further evidence of an important nature which must, an his opinion, affect the Committee's judgment upon his transactions with the Q.N. Bank. The Committee frankly admit that he has been placed at a disadvantage through not being personally heard, and say they think that in common justice every facility should be granted him to throw all possible light on Oils transactions. For the Committee to back down in regard to a claim which they assert is founded on common justice would be to severely hurt, if not destroy, themselves and their report so far as this investigation is concerned. There is, as we have said before, no question in the present difficulty but the question of justice, but that is the only question in the whole investigation. The-Committee in their first inquiry proved their integrity, intelligence, and fearlessness, and we are utterly unable to see how the community-and this subject 5s engaging the deep interest of the community at large as well as of the legis- lators can go upon any other principle than that of trusting, absolutely trust- ing, the Committee. On the 13th instant, Mr. Philp, on behalf of the Government, wrote : " As you consider that a gentleman now absent from the colony should have an opportunity of personally giving evidence on the subject of your inquiry, so far as affects him, the Government have no alternative but to comply with your wishes, and are, therefore, prepared to afford such facilities as may be required by you to enable you to complete your words." Thus Ministers have adopted the Committee's view of the situation. What else could they do ? What sort of Ministers would they be if they were capable of trampling upon a claim which the persons best able to judge declared to be one of common justice ? Mr. Philp put the matter exactly : the Government had no alternative but to comply. It will be a sorry day for Queensland when common justice does not prevail with the men who hold the highest offices of responsibility and power. Now, if it be a moral impossibility for the-Committee to abandon the ground of common justice, if the Government have openly taken the same ground, what is the use of waiting for Sir Hugh Nelson Is he likely to laugh at common justice ? Is he likely to advise his colleagues that, for political or other reasons, the strongly expressed view of the Committee should be set aside ? If Sir Hugh Nelson is bound by all the traditions of his high office to endorse a demand rooted in common justice, what is to be gained by waiting for him Is it a compliment to wait for him as if there were a question which could cause him an hour's hesitation ? But if we have not misrepresented the real issue which is simply that in common justice the gentleman not now in Australia should be relieved from the serious disadvantage of not having been personally examined-Mr. Glassey's motion should be immediately dealt with. So long as it remains on the business paper it blocks the Committee. They have got the Government's assent to incur any necessary expense in securing the further evidence, but it is obviously their duty not to make any arrangements till the will of the Assembly in regard to Mr. Glassey's proposal has been declared. We say again that in view of the issue-common jus- tice-we should like to see the motion withdrawn. But if Mr. Glassey is unwilling to withdraw it, let the Government make opportunity for it to be discussed and decided. Should the House pass the motion, we suppose the Government will withdraw their letter of the 13th instant, in which was intimated their compliance with the wishes of the Committee, and readiness to afford such facilities as might be required by the Committee to complete their work. That step will throw the Committee back on their letter of 2nd September, and no doubt they will be prepared to hand in their report, without delay, '.' after the passage of a resolution authorising its publication. But it will be published practically under the protest of its own authors-. It will go before the country under the discrediting influence of the fact that in the Committee's opinion common justice has been denied by Parliament to an absent man. The Committee will retain the public confidence, but the report must suffer, and suffer severely, in the public estimation. To suppose otherwise is to forget that there is nothing the British people are prouder of or more jealous for than the right of every individual to justice. Justice is or ought to be a common possession in a British colony. The highest and the lowest, the mightiest and the weakest, the richest and the poorest, the healthy and the sick, the resident and the ab- sentee all, without respect to rank or circumstance or character, are entitled under the British flag to claim the protection of common justice. Queensland, in the event of this report being forced from the custody of the Committee, will sooner or later take care that the gentleman not now in Australia gets common justice. The people are the ultimate custodians of common justice. If the House should reject Mr. Glas- sey's propose!!, then the way will be open for the Committee to make arrangements for obtaining the further evidence. It may be assumed that the first thing the Committee will do is ascertain if the gentleman not now in Australia is physically able to immediately return to the colony. If he is physically able, he ought to return, or, failing to do so, forfeit his claim to personal examination. Refusal to return, coupled with ability to return, would at once make an end of the matter. The report could be at once passed on to Parliament without any discrediting qualification. But if the gentleman is unable to face the risks, of the long voyage, the Committee must take other measures to get the evidence. We have said before and say again that it is difficult to see now there animation can be conducted except by two or more of the Committee. We cannot understand how the duty can be delegated with satisfactory results. If the subject-matter of inquiry is a series of transactions reaching over many years, and necessarily of on intricate' and complicated character, it seems to us that the Committee would be placed at a serious disadvantage if this- final part of the investigation were not carried out by themselves. For the rest, there is nothing to do but to trust the Committee. We may assume that they will not tolerate any vexatious delay. They will see to it that the common justice works all round. If we believe and this is the belief of the whole country-that the Committee are incor- capable as well as competent, we must accept the report as it comes to us after this last witness has been heard in the same spirit as we should (have been ready to accept the report in its present form of till is witness had not demanded to be heard. Quite possibly the report will come to us, in the event of the witness obtaining the common justice of a personal examination, un- modified in any important particular, But if it should come to us considerably modified it will come stamped with precisely the same authority. As to the fear that there is danger of suppression in delay, we do not share it in the slightest degree. The report is unsup pressible. It must be published. But it ought not to see the light until the investigators are able to tell the country that, so far as the completeness of the inquiry goes, common justice has been rendered to every individual and every interest involved in its disclosures and conclusions. . OUR POLICE MAGISTRATES. Courts of " petty sessions" may be rightly named as to the quality of their business ; the matters brought before them are subordinate in importance, or their procedure may be only preparatory to that of a higher court. But if regard be had to quantity of business, and to the service rendered to the country at large, our courts of petty sessions rise to a place of highest importance. We have no means of ascertaining the exact proportion of cases falling to these courts as compared with the higher judiciary. We know that in Police Court business proper there were in ISOti as many as 7828 convictions. Probably the civil cases- heard by courts of petty sessions, which have jurisdiction up to £50, are at least half as many score. Comparatively few of these cases are appealed ; indeed the majority are for £10 or under, and for these no appeal as allowed. If therefore we look to quantity, or to the number of people involved, it is safe to say that the vast preponderance-perhaps as much, as nine-tenths of the judicial business of the country, civil and criminal, is transacted by our police magistrates and justices. So that the question of the qualifications of these men, and the effectiveness of the system which appoints them as an instrument for the administration of justice, becomes of the highest importance to the welfare of the country. These considerations lend weight to what might otherwise seem a trivial discussion on the Estimates in the Assembly touching the respect due to our magistrates, their fitness for office, and the system under which, they are appointed. The last matter is perhaps the most important of the three in its bearing on the efficiency of the bench. In the discussion of Wednesday night it was repeatedly urged that some system of shifting magistrates should be introduced and Sir Horace Tozer admitted that there was a good deal in what had been said he believed the public would like it and he went the length of saying that, as far as possible, he would carry out the suggestion. Now what are the reasons for shifting the magistrates ? One reason is personal ; it is but simple justice to themselves. The billets to be had throughout our extensive country differ widely in de- sirableness and in the emoluments attaching to them. The system on which these are at present arranged is not easily intelligible. The principle of classes" runs, very awkwardly sometimes, through the appointments, giving the higher, emolument often to the easier and generally to the more desirable position. It is inevitable that anomalies and injustices should attach to such a system. But introduce the change of location every four years, giving every man as far as possible his turn at the prizes of the-service as well as at its hardships, and anomaly and injustice largely disappear. Depend upon it a man will do his work all the better in the back blocks if he expects early removal to a more comfortable position. But it is more important to note that this expectation of removal operates as a direct aid to the administration of justice. No rnianj*--and especially no prominent man, can live in such society as our townships offer without forming circles of friends and possibly some enemies. By nature or by principle he may be-the-most upright, of men ; but whether he be of exceptional integrity or belong to average humanity, it is impossible that his social relations to the parties who come before the »m should leave him totally nninih.ehckd. It is barely possible for such a man not to consider that this decisions may ' make enemies' of his neighbours, and perhaps make enemies of those she has hitherto accounted friends. fear and. favour are easily brushed aside in a motto ; but surely one of the first duties of a Government as to lighten what is well known to be their, heavy pressure in actual life. This is why the public would like the change. Justices of the peace cannot of course be shifted about but if they are to sit in judgment that makes the stronger reason why the absolute impartiality of the stipendiary should be secured by the looseness of his connection, with a district Take now the onatter-of qualification. On this, point members were in two minds Some spoke strongly, and. surely not unreasonably, on the necessity for magistrates 3iaving-aTknowledge of the law they were called on to administer. Others, among whom was Sir Horace, considered that it was more essential to have men-of experience and common sense, and who could be trusted to act honestly, ifehan men who had ac- quired-some smattering of law and had passed an examination. We onay re-made in passing that the Small Debts Act of 1867 gives curious colour to both these views. His 20th clause provides that the rules of evidence observed in the Supreme Court shall be applicable to, and observed in the trial of all questions of fact in the small debts courts, except in cases under £10, which shall be heard and determined according to equity and good con- science." Not for press the (startling opposition There suggested between Supreme Court rules on the-one'hand and equity and good conscience on the other, it appears that these latter qualities are especially relied on in the less important matters. There is very considerable force, therefore, in Sir Horace Tozer's view of the subject Men of nous and men of affairs should be chosen. At the same time we do want men to have some knowledge of the law they are administering and as we can- not demand that the J.P. shall have that, or much of it, it is the more important that the stipendiary should possess it If it is too much to ask that every stipendiary should become proficient in the law, as does a solicitor or barrister, by office attendance and by study, we may at least ask that they should have acquired experience in police courts, say as the clerks of petty sessions do, toefoTM. receiving appointment to the Bench, For important centres of population, such as Brisbane, we are disposed to go further. Would it not be well that there at least the official position should be confined to men who have systematic acquaintance with the law, and have received the certificate of their acquaintance by admission as solicitor or barrister ? We are only referring to future appointments. We are even disposed to say that the whole work in such centres should be confined to stipendiaries. "We know how possible it becomes to (pack the Bench, where a large circle of justices are available on one side or other of a question of private or public interest. Scandals of this kind would be absolutely prevented by the exclusion of justices from our principal police courts. These changes would in our view go far to insure that respect for the police magistrate which it is most desirable to secure, and the want of which forms frequent matter of complaint. Possibly Sir Horace Tozer is correct in the opinion expressed as to the immediate occasion of the friction between magistrate and solicitor or barrister. He did not think that in one case out of fifty the magistrate's rebuke was undeserved, and ascribed the evil to the carrying of bad manners into court by young practitioners. He is certainly correct in saying that the magistrate who sat on the Bench was entitled to the same respect from the profession as was due to the Chief Justice of the colony. For in both cases the claim to respect comes from the tribunal, and. not from the individual who happens to sit on it. On the other hand it has to be remembered that solicitor and barrister are also in Some sense servants of the court ; they carry its imprimatur, and partake of the dignity and honour that belongs to it. Unworthy treatment, whether from the Bar to the Bench. or from the Bench, to the Bar, is a reflection on the honour of the court, and derogatory to the high place which. all our judicial procedure should hold on our people's esteem. ' 