THE GREY LADY OF OAKDEAN. CHAPTER II. A few days later, Lady Harcourt came to Mrs Murray's room with a letter in her hand. She looked disturbed, and talking jerkily, as if she was uncertain how to frame her words, or as if she had an unpleasant duty to discharge. I rose to go ; but she motioned me to remain. I think she was afraid lest what she had to say should so distress my mistress as to make her ill ; so I moved to the other side of the room and busied myself with my work. I could not help hearing what was said. " You have news for me, I see," Mrs. Murray said, her voice shaking a little. The slightest thing agitated her now. " Yes. From - from India," Lady Harcourt answered, displaying the letter with assumed carelessness. " Oh," said Mrs. Murray, stiffening a little. " From India. Good news, I trust ?" " No - yes - at least," stammered Lady Harcourt, " Frank has been ill - desperately ill ; in fact, so bad that he has been despatched home at a moment's notice. They - he - landed at Southampton with the mails. But the voyage has worked wonders, so, after a rest in town, they will come here." " That will, doubtless, give you and Sir Peter pleasure,'' returned Mrs. Murray, politely, " and happens opportunely for ourselves, as Mona and I must return next week. Poor lady ! What a pang those words must have cost when, as knew she had calculated on remaining at Oakdean untii well into the autumn. Lady Harcourt looked a little blank. " I had hoped," she began. " it is better, Bessie," Mrs. Murray, interrupted steadily. " For Vera's dignity I can extend the olive branch no further." " It was just on Vera's account I hoped - Mr. Melville -" Mrs Murray shook her head. " The meeting could not help but be painfully awkward, so is better avoided for all our sakes," she said decidedly. " But you must meet some time. Let there be peace, Alice," urged Lady Harcourt. " Yet Mrs Murray continued unconvinced, and the day for departure was fixed. " Oh, it is hard, so hard, to take mother back to those poky lodgings after this !" Miss Mona exclaimed, when she heard, looking around the comfortable apartments with dimming eyes. " How I wish I were - " Then, she said no more. A wave of colour flushed her cheek and checked the sentence, as she moved away with a flickering smile and a sigh. I wished Mr. Melville had been there to see her as she looked so bonny. But he had left Oakdean some days before, though he was expected to return presently for some shooting. " How will Vera take it ?" Who will tell her ?" Mrs. Murray questioned nervously, after Lady Harcourt had retreated in discomfiture. Disclosures to Miss Vera were not always easy, and evidently, her mother foresaw a scene when this news was delivered. But such news spreads like wildfire through a house, and she had already heard the news when she entered the room a little later. She was paler than usual, outwardly composed but had that glitter in her eyes that always made me shiver. " Of course you and Mona will return at once to Weston," she said, without one word of sorrow or sympathy for her mother and sister's shortened pleasure. " It makes little difference to myself, since, as you know, I go to the Blantyres on Monday. My plans will not suffer." Mrs Murray's lips quivered, while doubt and apprehension struggled curiously in the gaze she bent upon her daughter. But Miss Vera paid no heed. She merely took a red rose from a vase, pinned it carelessly at her throat before the antique mirror, carefully placed a bit of white lace below it and left the room without another word. I thought that if I was Captain Harcourt, I would have feared her now : and all the more because she was so quiet. Yet, after all, what was there that a woman could do ? I was greatly put about when I received orders to pack up, for I wasn't to go back to Weston, and Mrs Murray being so feeble I didn't see how Miss Mona was to cope alone. Yet Miss Murray never seemed to give a thought to anything that did not directly concern herself - least of all her sister. I didn't need to take another situation with Donald waiting to make a home for me, though where that home would be was a difficulty while his present job continued. So, I made up my mind to ask Miss Mona to beg her mother to keep me on bit longer, even if my wages were to suffer. All the Murray's thing were all lifted from the presses and I was beginning to pack them into the trunks, when Miss Mona came up to me with a startled look on her face, begging me to come in to her mother ; something was wrong - like nothing she had ever seen before and, oh, how soon could we get a doctor ?" Mrs Murray was lying back in her chair, white and unconscious, and one side of her face a little drawn. I knew what that meant and sent a groom flying for a doctor as fast as he could go. And when the doctor came and saw his patient, that was an end to our going away, for no-one could tell how much time she had. Well, I just laid the things back in their places, not knowing whether i felt glad or sorry. Mrs Murray's illness was a kind of seizure - my grandmother had a similar attack, and that made her left side weak and helpless, but after the first few days caused little pain. Of course, that was an end of our projected departure. They were only too thankful to have me stay. And when Mr Melville returned, as he did early in September, there was no question as to his satisfaction at finding one of our party - at least - still at Oakdean. Meanwhile, Captain Harcourt and his wife arrived, and he was certainly a fine looking man. It wasn't in human nature for Miss Vera not to resent her loss and the slight of such a one as he. But if an excuse was needed, it was amply provided by his wife, for she was surely the bonniest, brightest creature ever born. She filled her husband's big heart with affection, and had won over everyone before she had been in the house a day. Whether she knew about Miss Vera I cannot say, but she took to Miss Mona like a sister - perhaps more than many sisters - and clung to her like one. The older people - Sir Peter and Lady Harcourt, were delighted with her and forgave the couple for their unexpected marriage. They had meant to be very cold and stern, but their anger melted at the first glint at her face. As Captain Harcourt said, " resisting Nella was impossible." Of course, Miss Murray never came near Oakdean, although Dynecourt, where she was staying, was not more than a few miles away ; and, maybe, she crossed the others' paths sometimes in rides and drives. But no notice was ever taken of these encounters - if such there were - and no-one from that time to the end could testify that Miss Murray and Captain Harcourt ever met, or exchanged a word with each other, while little Mrs. Harcourt was as unsuspicious as a child. One evening, Christie came with a message from the Manse, and when she left I went down the avenue to see her on her way. The corn around Oakdean was mostly reaped, and the shorn fields gleamed beneath the rays of a dwindling moon that crept in and out the shadow of swiftly scudding clouds. We halted for a minute at the lodge gates to finish our gossip, which was more than usually interesting because of a wedding that was soon to take place in the minister's household. It was late, the dinner was over, and some of the gentlemen were smoking on the terrace. We smelt the scent of their cigars - Christie sniffing wrathfully as we passed. The minister held smoking as an abominable vice, next only to drinking in iniquity. So, seeing Christie in a fidget, the Manse rules being strict - I said I would go with her as far as the ruins. These were some few hundred yards beyond the gates, and had once been an abbey where monks or nuns - I forget which - had once lived. The broken walls stood on a sort of mound with a raised walk running around them : but yews, and ivy, and underwood had grown so thickly there that only their uneven outline was visible from the road. All of a sudden, something, coming up on us from behind brushed by us so close, it was as if a whiff of wind blew between us. Christie gave a smothered cry and clutched me by the arm ; her face pale, her eyes dark with terror. It was the figure of a woman, tall, and wrapped from head to foot in something that gleamed white or grey, like moon-glow. But as she passed, the wind blew the cloak, or whatever else it was aside, and I saw she wore under it a dress of some queer rich material, very curiously cut and trimmed, and like none of the fashions nowadays. And her right hand held something long and straight pressed, a little backward, firmly against her side. A flash of moonlight made it glitter. Yet how I noticed all this in the seconds given me, I cannot tell. The figure moved so swiftly that even as we looked she disappeared. The face startled me most, though I only had a glimpse of it. It was weird, uncanny, beautiful in a way and strangely familiar, while, at the same time, like none I had ever seen before. And yet - some features I thought I recognised, but from where I knew not. I think that frightened me more than all the anything else. " Yon's a queer-looking body," I remarked, gazing into the space the figure had vacated. " What's her errand, or where is she bound ? To a fancy ball, maybe ?" " An' wha would she be goin' to a fancy ball ?" rejoined Christie scornfully. " There's nae high jinks up at yer house, or ours. But there's another big house near ours - Dynecourt." Dynecourt. That gave me the clue I wanted. The face resembled Miss Vera's, and yet was unlike it too. Who could it be ? " There is the town," I said, feeling a bit dazed. There's always soldiers quartered there. Maybe the officers are getting up a play, or something." " An' would a lady be trampin' five miles to the town, do you think ? My certies, no ! Yon's no lady - no a woman." Maggie's voice to an impressive whisper, "yon's the Grey Lady o' Oakdean. Have ye ne'er heard o' the Lady o' Oakdean ?" " Never," I replied, simulating a composure I did not feel, for my bIood ran chill, and my heart was thumping against my ribs. I was not afraid of the ghostly part, never believing in such nonsense tales. " I'm new here, ye ken, and I've heard nothing o' any Harcourts, apart from Sir Peter and his lady, and the Wicked Lady Sybil, though what should give her such a name I've never been informed." Christie nodded sagaciously. " That's her. The grey lady an' the wicked one, they're the same person, if ye can call a spook a person. An ill-conditioned hussy, whose evil doin's wilna let her be quiet in the grave she's filled these hundred years." " But what was her sin " I questioned. " It must have been an awful ill deed that won her such a weird reputation. She's the odd look o' our Miss Murray, an' I guess they're not so far different in their natures, either. Tell me Christie, woman, what's the tale ?" " Whist ! How can we ken she wouldna hear me ? An' then - Losh ! I wouldna be you, Maggie, to go up that dourlie avenue and my lane," returned Christie, glowering anxiously up the gloomy road wiinding its length before us. " I wouldna go up my lane, I promise ye ; Elspie, at the lodge will set me through well enough, an' one of the lads will see her back," I laughed. " So tell the tale, Christie, woman, and quick, for I must be turning back soon." " Maybe I canna tell it right, and there isn't that much to tell, either," said Christie, reluctantly. "Lady Sybil was a Harcourt, and so beautiful she dazzled men and wiled away their hearts. She bent them like reeds to her wicked will, all excepting one man, and to him she was betrothed. He was a soldier and a fine lordly lad, like your Captain at Oakdean. But whether he wearied o' her fractious ways, or if a bonnier face beguiled him, I canna say, but he plucked a modest lowland flower to wear upon his heart and brought her here as a bride. The Lady Sybil held her head high, and made is if she didn't care. But folks later, remembered the fierce glitter in her eyes and the red spot burning on her cheek. " Well, one evening there was a ball at Oakdean - it was a fancy hall an' McLeod an' his bride were invited. Folks wondered and gossiped, as tongues will, but they accepted it a' the same, an' came. An' the dance went on ; but presently they twa, McLeod an' Lady Sybil were missing from the room. " It was when the feastin' an' merriment were at their height that a cry rang out. Horror stilled the music and the laughter, for McLeod, was lyin' there slain upon the Abbot's Walk down among the ruins there." Christie cast a terrified glaince towards where the ruins stood, looming ghostly in the uncertain moonlight, then continued : " An' the Lady Sybil, wi' a crimson tipped sword held close against her body, was seen creepin' to her bedchamber, like a beastie to its lair, glutted wi' vengeance an wi' blood. " It was a curious foreign weapon she had chosen, its blade three-sided, an' the mark it left on the body was like a star. It glared red enough upon his breast, poor bonnie man ! The sword still hangs in the armoury at Oakdean, an' Giles 'II show it to ye if ye wish ; but its a fearsome sight, an' it makes my blood curdle to go see it. I wadna have kept the awful thing had I been master o' Oakdean. It belongs to the Evil One, an' has the uncanny power o' workin' evil at will." " An' who ended it ? What became o' the three - McLeod an' the Lady, an' the wee wifie ?" I asked, with my interest strangely stirred. " McLeod was dead where he lay ; an' the wifie died on birthing her fatherless bairn. An' the lady - nay, whist ! She's not so far away but the hearin' o' her shameful end might anger her, an' then where might we be? Gude sakes ! What's that, yon ?" It was as if the Lady had heard and resented us ! We stood rooted to the ground, gazing upon each other in speechless horror, for clear upon the wind came a penetratlng cry which reminded me of one in mortal agony and it seemed to be coming from the Abbot's Walk, below the Abbey's ruined shrine. Others heard it besides us. We heard feet running. One and another passed us in their eager haste. Christie and I followed on close behind, but slower because of our dread. And so, we pressed on with trembling limbs, through the matted underwood, beneath the sombre yews to where, in the wild and intermittent moonlight, a group of men knelt upon the grass-grown terrace beside one who lay there white and still, with the crimson life-blood congealing above a star-shaped sword wound that had struck and pierced the heart. One glance at the blanched, stiffening features, and my involuntary cry rang out as loudly as had the dead man's dying groan. It was Captain Harcourt. Oh, there was weeping and hot anguish and bitter, hopeless wailing, when they carried him back to Oakdene and laid him in the hall where, only an hour ago he had walked in all the vigour of health and happiness. His pretty child-wife passed - from swoon to swoon, till her fatherless dead babe was born, and tlhen crept slowly back from deathly shadows to those of a darkened life. Sir Peter and his lady seemed to shrivel up like autumn leaves, and become as ready to drop into their welcome graves. Everyone grieved except, perhaps, Miss Vera. The cold, proud stillness of her face never varied ; but her eyes gleamed with joy as of gratified revenge. Miss Mona walked amidst the fires like the angel of comfort she alway was, and her slender, loving hands upheld them all. But one day, a thought came into my head and would not leave. A thought of horror. And strive as I could, I was unable to banish it. I asked old Giles to show me the armoury and the three-edged sword that 'twas said to be used by the Grey Lady of Oakdean for her hateful, treacherous crime. The old steward shook his head as he took it down, and bade me notice how securely it was kept, lest, "any tricksy loon might go masquerading with it as ghost or a goblin and do someone some grievous hurt. Shuddering, I took it in my hand and at the same, examined it carefully from triple tip to hilt. The blade was dull, although the traid edges were keen enough, and there was a spot of rust which showed how long it had hung unused. And how could it have been used, fastened like that upon the wall, and the armoury kept locked? Miss Murray is Miss Murray still, and lives with a grand lady who took an odd fancy to have her for a companion. Mrs. Murray abides, tended like a queen, in dear Miss Mona's home - she is Mrs. Melville now - and Donald and I are settled not so far away and I can see both often, an' their bairnies too. I have bairnies of my own, and they and my busy life have put many things out of my head. But I shall never forget those days and nights of grevious terror, or cease to puzzle over what folks call the mystery of the undying vengeance of the Grey Lady of Oakdean. The End. 