A BRAVE SOLDIER. Lord Charles Beuepiorh. By a Fossil. The crowd acclaimed " Charles!" in tho familiar way that crowds hare in London. Lord " Charles " in his ride had to go barohoaded in tho hot >--un from tho boginning to tlio end of tho 1 Rocord " procession. Wo hardship that, howovor, to a man who had marched through tho desert to Gak-dul boon knockod over in the rush of Fuzzy-Wuzzy into tho big square at Abu-Klea, fought at Moteinneh like an ancient Trojan or a /ut--i-Urh- Irishman, engaged an Arab batten for a wholo day with a steamer at anchor with a round shot through her boilor, put tho fear of Allah and the Giaour generally into tho whole of tho Mahdist forces in tho very hour of thoir victory, actually iu tho delirious moaiont of fulfilment prediction, and all in tho broad glare of a sun in com- j parison with which tho sun shining on St Paul's on tho 22nd day of June, 1897, was liko a paiuled fire. Lord "Charlie" is sure to huve found his hatloss condition under tho shade of popular applause very much bettor. But this is not tho reason why I hare brought this boro up out of the vasty deep which is tho fishing ground for tho jouruolist. That would have been without any relevancy. The fact is that Lord Charles Bercsford hes just said the best thing during tbo discus sion on tho main facts of Imperial and colonial dofonco. Ho has, moreover, dono it just in his particular way with out effort, with much vigour, and at I tho very best moment — what the novelists call tho " psychological mo mont." Ho has always been truo to that moment. For example, once upon a time ho was weary with a long day after wildgooso. For 12 hours ho had ; tramped and shot and thero he was on ; the deck of his ship, H.M.S. Galatea, i Duke of Edinburgh captain, wet, i himtrrv. thoroughly done ut>. eaircrlv inhaling tho pleasant steam of dinner, ono oyo on " bitters," tho other on tho brilliant light shooting up through the hatchway— ono of the very best psych ological moments, surely. And so it was, but not that way. " Man overboard !" Tho water was : I black and icy — it was at tbo Falkland : I Islands and the depth of tho winter at j that — and there was ice floating all about, making ugly music against tho big ship's burnished sides. Lord Charles, a great swimmer, a subscriber to " noblesse oblige," tho noblesse in I this caso of swimming perfection, ac- cepted tuo psycnoiogicai moment. ; Without stopping to take off coat (its I pockets bulging with cartridges or I boots, ho just seized a coil of rope with I ono hand aud wont overboard from the gangway by which ho had just entered. ' Tho sentry had gone over from there, rifle, greatcoat, and all, and tho only chance was to grip him before he I reached tho surface. So over went Lord " Charlie," aud down ho went — j down, down, down, until ho began to end of tho ropo wasn't fastened to any thing, but ho kept faBt hold, as all true sailors do — your sailor never lets I go anything whon in troublo— and I presently overtook his man, grabbed I him with tho other hand, and in due course arrived in his company at the surface among tho ice. "Tho ship's cornoral holned us out." says ho, in tolling the story, " and there an end." Tho story is typical. It tells of a clear oy<Tfor duty of tho highest standard, of tho courogo to do it in spito of diffi culties most repellent, of the modesty vbich makes light of great things dono. i Thero was not much difficulty about I tho psychological moment of the other I day. It was simply tho moment for paying tho right thing about the colo nies when everybody Dot colonial soomed inclined to say wrong things. "You attend to the bases," said Lord I Charlos, addressing the colonies gener ally. " and vou will do your duty wcll. Wo will manage tho shipping part of tho business, and that is our duty." As a naval officer and ex-Lord of the Admiralty, and a man of vigorous common sense, he could have said nothing bettor. The colonies agree with thom as their defence works show and tlioy will not forget him. But ho always spoke his mind wherever he was and whoever ho might bo with. Irrepressible he was always; it was his chief characteristic, from tho first. | In Honolulu ho beguiled tho time by hauling down the American flag flying over tho Consul's house ; in Holyhead he brought down half the signs in tbo street ; .in Portsmouth he had aeveral rounds with a "cabby;" wherever he was he was always in some scrape. In his middle-age it is the samo as in his hot youth. He cares for no pro- j priotiefi — heisboundbynoconvention- I nlities. Of tho Navy and its state, and its ships, and its men he speaks tlio best that is in him. Whether what ho says cuts the hearts of my Lords of the Admiralty, it is all one to him, ho says it. In his young days my Lord ordered his commanding I officers to send monthly reports of the I troubloaomo officer's doings; and in his middle age tbey &hivffr; at his frankness; they delay his promotion, they deprive fum of his proper periods offt&rTjM;?. There U no one who can fight like him, no one with such splendid daring, no ono who lives so systematically up to the old traditions. Neither is there any other wfio can show such a record of Parliamentary work, undertaken, not for ambition s sake, but for the sake of tho service. He knew the way of tho owLs in tho crow's nes% and he went into Parlia ment because it stands over that emin ence. That ho gave a gsod account of himself there no one, except my Lords, who aro ready to faint when they see uncompromising vigour, for a moment doubt?. By-ibe-way, talking of Lis Irrepres- ribjlitv, few, I dare say, remember a striking example of it in Sydney dar ing tho stay of the Galatea. The big Dock on Cockatoo Island, which had not long been finished, was remarkable for strange noUes at night, for which no one couhl account. What more natural or more true to historic prece dent than a general idea that the place was hountodr History repeats itself continually. Everything unknown is given a spiritual source. The popular imagination accordingly evolved grim nightly precisions of departed pri soners and tyrannous officials, ghostly orgies, the dance of death, and great was the superstitious terror. Lord diaries Berts ford undertook to lay the ghost whatever it might be, and succeeded, though by an amusing fluke. He spent a night in the dock with the oM boatswain of the Galatea, and they spent it in running up and down trying to locate tho iwaal noises, which went merrily on quite regardless of their presence. Tho irrepressible gave it up at lav!, but even then he could not be repressed. As be was fearing the dock he emphasised his disappointment as young fellows will do by lacking out sullenly at a dirty old plaok lying octo4-» a rugged ledge of rock and not improbably said a naughty word or so. Over went the plank, and out came two big frogs ont of a hole, and In ! the ghost was found. Lord Charles was on this occasion tho irreprcirible wiVjr lui . On all other oecassicms he has en acted the role with his full and well- planned concaireuc-e. For instance, driving through Alexandria on the day of the epoch-making massacre with a friend he found the mob closing up around killing right and left, and de tected sympathy with the mob in the - eyes and difatoriness of the scoundrel cabby. To make one spring on to the box, take the reins and drive ahead at full gallop was to Charle Bereaford the most natural thing in the world. On the other side the mob found in the most natural thing in the world to fall back and let the road thing pasu. How dose a shave it was, subsequent ly was Ssen when 73 bodies of Euro peans beaten to death were taken out of that same street. TbeCondorepwodethat followed is not yet forgotten. "Welldone Condor," the Admiral signalled, and the whole fleet applauded the little vessel, which, handled with the greatest skill and daring, had dodged the great shot for hours, and pounded its big enemy handsomely to boot. Tho reason why Bercsford particularly enjoyed the feat was tliat it was against orders, ne had not been ordered to attack l-> guns with three, the three email, and the res t divided into two 8 ton, two 12 ton, two 10in., two Oin., two 32 pounders, and five mortars. Bat he attacked, and he manage to silence, the fort- It was better than " fiutter- ingabout torenderasaiatance and carry messages." After that he was ener getic in restoring order, but failed to get to the front forTel-el- Kebir, though he tried hard. It was the only suppres sion of his career. In 181 he saw war on iana in earn est, geiting hi? first whiff of Arab smoke at Abufclea. He was with Stewart's column as it marched out of camp in square and came in presence of tho enemy. Halting at -100 yards to straighten up the formation, they saw tbo enemy spring to their feet under their long lines and waring banners. Drawn np they were in a dc-ue phalanx, with three cones pro jecting in front, each headed by an Emir with a banner. They came on with a swift, quick step— with the steadiness of regular troops on parade. The Mounted Infantry and the Guards faced them ; on the left flank and rear vomer were the M nearies," serving as infantry; on the rear the Naval Brigade, under Lord Charles BeTes- ford, with the Hua?ex Regiment making up the left flank, the camels and bag gage in the centre. On came the Arabs, swift and springy a? panthers, steady as veteran soldier, in spite of the deadly roll of musketrv poured into their thick in ams br the Mounted Infantry and the Guard.?. The dead and wounded falling gave the advancing column the appearance of a labouring ship with great raaAes of broken water falling away from her bows and sides. "I pitied them from my heart," wrote General Wibon, in bis chronicle of the battle, as he testified to their sub lime gallantry. "I never thought any troop? could live for -100 yards through such a tire," ce auueu. When the column got within 80 yatds it suddenly moved off to its right with tho precision and steadiness of a parado mat centre,, and before anyone know what was happening it wheeled suddenly to iw right, struck the lb avie and the Na7aL?, and its leaders were among the camels in the centre of tho square. The Arabs swept over the Henries in a whirl, and over tho Naval? on their right zt the same mo ment Bnrnaby had fallen in front of his men ; cartridges were jamming in tho Martinis io all directions. Wilson saw the inn throwing their rifles from them with corses cs the Arabs rushed , on them; and there was terrible con fusion. . , t . The "Gardner" jammed at this moment in the hands of the Navals. The captain of that gnu and Ixrrd Charles were busy trying to free the cartridge when the enemy burst upon them. The captain of the gun was killed, Lord Charles was knocked down, and every other offie»r in the brigade lo?t his life. The Arabs lost time among the camels. The rear ranks of the Guards and Mounted Infantry, taking advant age of the delay, faced about and poured in a withering fiie, killing camels, officers, Arab?— everything within range. Toe i leavita and sail ors did the same, z- d the square was restored, not one Awn escaping out of tbesqoare they had rtogam«l y broken. Lord Charier? did great work that day. His next esptoU %-«-? the rn>=t bril liant of the war. fifewi. lying ill in bis hut after the fi'ri-- nt M»ton:wh, when word wr.s br.uight t » him b-»" I Wilson, vho'e;,d sZ/.--n toe s i UP to Kh'47 0;r.ri- «»f- ;',! .t-.Oli- 1 priM -n of hfe. >-«.vckjd 5 U-nt-S. S«» i.- arailtota steamer— a thing " rotton with ago and caulked with rags"— and goiug fall speed to the roscuo. On Iho way ho engaged a big fort mounting two heavy guns, und during tlio fight his boiler was disabled. All day ho fought, and whilo ho fought hn drew tho firos and got ready for repair ing tli" dnmngo. Tho nonossary boilnr-plntes ho owed to his own forothought. In ton hours tbo boiler was mended, and during thoso ton hoiirH Borosford's mon had kept down tho firo of tlio Arab nrtillcry. Tho enemy might havo sunk him if thoy had thought of tho simplo expe dient of taking a guu out of thoir fort and opening firo at » point further down, but thoy did not think of it. In tho morning tho littlo vossel puffed out in triumph ond saved Wilson nnd his party. So great was tlio moral effect of this fight that tho onomy rofrnined from molesting tho rotroat of tho ox- pedition to Korti. But why go on with tlio story of a brave man, whoso story is in many re spects tho story of tho navy of his timo. That ho will ono day bo at tho head of his profession no ono doubts. That ho may ho tho groatest admiral of our timo most men aro assurod who know tho skill that ho possesses, who under stand his daring charactor and his fearless indopondonco, and roaliso his capacity for taking pains, as witness tho incident of tlio hoilor-plntoa of tlio Safioh May ho ono day command in 1ia tmfnpa nt tlinfln countries whoso positionho understands so woll. — JDrahl' 