Fisher's Ghost. The following amusing paragraph anent "Fish- er's Ghost" appears in the latest London "Truth." Some of our readers may recollect that the "Fisher's Ghost" myth was exploded a few years ago (and for the first time) in the columns of the "Town and Country Journal," by giving a full report of the trial of Worral for the murder of Fisher. To those who are familiar with the facts the innocent query of Mr. Lang and the cocksure ignorance of Mr. Labouchere's "Austra- lian archaeologist," are equally delightful. Says "Truth:" "Mr. Andrew Lang recently related 'At the Sign of the Ship' the story of the murder of one Fisher at Parramatta, which crime was said to have been detected, and the culprit arrested, tried, and hanged, through thc ghost of the murdered man having appeared on the scene. 'Now does any Australian archaeologist know,' asks Mr. Lang, 'whether a report of this trial exists in the ar- chives of Sydney?' I am asked by an 'Australian archaeologist' to assure Mr. Lung that no report is to be found for those reasons: There was no Fisher, no murder, no ghost, no arrest, no trial, and no execution. 'Fisher's Ghost' was laid in New South Wales many years ugo and it has been left to Mr. Lang to resurrect the hoary- headed impostor. Perhaps, he suspected it was a hoax all the time, though I fancy that constant draughts at the ever-flowing spring of 'psychic' nonsense and humbug are making Mr. Lang, like Mr. Stead, rather inclined to swallow any fiction in this line, no matter how preposterous." 'M. Lavalard, of the Société 'Nationale d'Agricul ture, has comimunlcatcd the following note on the mean weight of horses to "Lo Chasseur Francois" -Excluding iponles, which havo an average weight of 4401'b, the weight of horses varies between CGOlb and 15401b. Tho weights oí omnibus, train, and cart horses vary between 11001b and 15401b; the boulonnais and percheron horses, which aro employed ifor the heaviest work, weigh Ibetween 17601b and 10801b. Horses attaining the weight of 22001b are rare. iThe weight of victoria and coupe horses, which ls about the same as that of cavalry horses, varies between 9901b and 10561b. These weights are all ifor adult anímala. 