WILL ANI) . I had been sitting at my desk for a -I: fall hour, engaged in the landable ocenu pa';'' y: ation of doing nothing. In spite of my trouble, what wonder then that I drifted off into reverie, and my thoughts re verted to sadly pleksant retrospect? , Once more it was winter-the sunny New Orleans winter-and Will and I were together. I recalled the hours passed in reading and writing and mu S sic; the drives and walks and theaters. The most minute and trivial incidents recurred to my mind, and I found my 'self smiling at the recollection of a cer .tain long, narrow, phenomenally dark passage or alleyway on Royal street, up ~hich we glanced one night, and which Will, with his bright and quick sense of humor, immediately christened "Jack the Ripper's court." This is not a sensational story that I am about to tell. I warn my readers in advance that there is nothing star ~ling or wildly romantic in it. From . start to fnish it is a simple "o'ertrue tale." And yet it was romantic too. -There was a tinge of romance, after all, W en Will asked me to become his wife, b marryisinm s~Y o »- .m._I· a_ ,._ ?. rothed for a year, and he was far frmoh strong. His health was under mined, and a horrible fear oppressed, b hinm that he would be taken away. In the prime of his manhood, with life and hdpe and happiness all his,it was an aw ful thought. "Constance," he said one night asawe stood on the moonlit gallery, with its ouxnriant rose vines and the great yel low roses clambering up to shalke down their showers of fragrance in our faces, "my darling, be my wife now! Why , hould we wait, dearone? There isnoth ing between our lives and happiness but the bugbear of poverty, and I shallhave afortune when I am 80. I shall be 80 next September, Constance, if-if I live." Something in the sweet, tender voice made me glance up swiftly into -the " brave, darkeyes. Beautiful, tender eyes, where are you now? Where are you -today, O Will? Hidden away forever frdm.the sight of my eyes, from beyond the clasp of my arms-gone, gone-I feel it;'believe it-to that Beautiful, veiled, bright world, Where the glad ghosts meet. Something in his voice made my heart ache. "Why doyou speak so sadly?' I asked him. "Never mind the fortune, Will. I care nothing for that, if you are only spared to me." S!"I know it, dear, tender little heart," he answered softly. "You are the only true woman in the world, Constance. But I wanted to tell you (I am supersti tiois, I admit it) it was prophesied that I shall die before I am 80." S"'Nonsense!" I cried sturdily, "that is sheer superstition, and it is very wrong to believe in it, dear. No one knows the futiure. I would never think of that again If I were you." i: I tried to smile as I spoke-to shake off S the striange feeling that would oppress me try as I might-but all in vain. Die : :before 801 My true hearted, noble Will, \- with his sunny smile and tender dark eyesl I would not believe it. It was absurd. So I laughed at his fears as :foolishness and tried to make him for get. But he was far from strong, and .-that one glimpse of what might be in stare for us-the awful parting zam, might come-made me decide. So I \- 'promised that night to become his wife S at once and "in secret and silence," as the old song says. Everything was made ready, and on the- following night-the night before his S, deiarture-we were quietly married in a quaint little old church in one of the retired streets of New Orleans. And -L., Will and I belonged to each other for time and eternity. \- Thp.sad parting came next day--da he-went back to his northern home, while I returned to my work, brightened only by the hope of meeting in the sum mer at quiet Long Beach. I. am not a superstitious woman. I had laughed at Will for his own dread of the supernatural and his belief in a rophecy, bhut we had not been parted whole month when something very en ious happened. Will had written to me ery day, such dear, sweet letters that 1 did my heart good-kept it alive, in t for those letters I would havegiven . y hold.upon hope and would have ccumbed to despair. But one day no letter came. I felt a -, strange sinking at the heart-an awful sense of depression; darkness gathered over my life. Suspense-hope deferred; these are the two emotions which serve .,to kill the human heart, to darken and blight existence. That night I wentout on the little gallery where we had pass ed so many happy hours. The moon was bright; and one star shone in the blue vault above my head--one that Will had long ago designated "our star." My ,seart was crushed and heavy. I stood leaning against one of the col ums which supported the gallery, the Sscent of the roses that he loved floating all around ma And as Istood there, l9moething- a IghtotI-!felp on3 shoulder. A cold breeze crept over my check, like a breath from the grave. [ I turned my eyes, and there before me in the cold moonlight stood Will-my husband. With a wild incredulous cry of delight and rapture. I flung my arms about him \--only to grasp empty air! No one was there! Will was gone! I fell to the gallery floor and lay there like a dead woman. When I opened my eyes, the moon was shining down upon me, just as calm and cold and imperial as ever. I struggled to a sitting posture and gazed wildly about me. What did it mean? I was not at all superstitious, yet I felt that I bad seen my husband that.ight, just as truly as I had ever beheld his faceinmy life. The next day- no'letter, and the next, still no letter. Oh, the anguish of hope deferred! The time had dme now for me to go to Long Beach,i I had promised him. I would keep ,ay word-no matter how hard it muighb be, I would go there. If he-if that hideous prophecy had really co-e true-at all events, I would keep my promise- my last promise to him. So I went. Oh, the long, dreary, inter mlnable days, with only the monotonous waters before me, the blue, blue skyand golden sunshine always the same. It made my heart faint and sick. I had written and written letter after letter. Still no response. I felt tlat he was dead. And no one could tell me, be cause how could his friends in the far distant north know aught of the south ern woman whom he had secretly wed ded? And so the dreary, endless days dragged by, and Istilllived, heartbroken and helpless. I will never more laugh at s erstition, never. ?L?st night I saw him again. I had gone down to the beach in the moonlight and walked slowly and sadly up and down the white stretch of sand at the water's edge. All at once I saw another shadow mingle with my own upon the moonlit beach. I came to a halt and saw at my side-Will. With a wild cry I attempted to grasp his arm, but there was no one there. I went b~ik to the house and passed the night=lin pacing up and down the floor like a·iad woman. Today is his thirtieth birthday, or would have been, but I feel that my darling is no more; that the visions I have seen were warnings lent me of his fate. Would Will have ceased to write me-me-his beloved one-if he were alive? I believe that I shall see the phantom on ? d then-then-I shall go;iog at it is his spirit thatt his or me. So I havebeen sitting hereinthemorn t ing sunlight thinking of the past. Can one wonder greatly that mypen lies idle and utterly refuses to produce the love tales of others? Is not my own love story as sad a one as I can ever write? I bear the sound of wheels and glance listlessly from the open window at my side. A carriage has stopped before the gate. Two men are assisting a third to alight. They.re bringing him slowly up the walk t'he house. -He is evi dently very ill. Why does my heart throb so weakly? I am too weak to stand-to take a step forward. Oh, I will not allow myself to be deceived by mad, vain hopes! They reach the house at last and as sist the feeble form up the steps of the broad gallery into my presence. Oh, pitying heaven! It is Will-Will, pale and-sper we fraiak, frail invalid, but "ness; e truth is made known. He illwithbrain fever. No one c to me because they knew \- nothin or my address, and hewas raving in delirium. As soon as he was able to attempt the journey he had set out to retirn to me.-----. It was all ended now-that dreary separation. Upon his thirtieth birth day, oh, so happy and hopeful, my Will had come back to me, never to leave me again! "I shall never more laugh at any one for being superstitious," I said the next day, gazing into the deep, dark eyes of the loved one so happily restored to me. "Thank heaven that my superstitious fears were not realized." I have never been able to account for that strange illusion. To this day I can not make up my mind what it was that I had seen. But it was not Will's ghost, and that is all I care to know, after all.-Toronto mail. 