OUR STORYTELLER. THE MYSTERY--QE- BARTROP < WELL. A (By Jack Buqbt.) 4 -Come away Pat, it ain't safe ; yon • might fall.' Pah ! get away. It's only fools like yon that are frightened. ~ I,m going to look down,' and Pat M'paon stretebed; himself fall length on the sloping yellow or ud bank at the well's month, unprotected by windlass-or stay of any.kind} and looked into the slimy stagnant depths. ' Here, Frpd,' he cried, yon come and look down' Bnt a look of terror came into the face of the half-besotted lad as he drew back and tried, - No, tio' ; I ain't going tolaok down there ! I'm afraid of wells 3 I bate' wells.' ' Bat there's something 'down here I Want yon to come and ee?,' persisted Pat. \--i : 'I ain't going io look down I Cell yon ! Why, it's & hundred and fifty feet depp.' 4 And what if it is, Fred ?' saiJ the" other in a soft insinuating voice. * I won't let yon fall down ; yonjust come anji look.' - * ^No and .he Jkept edging away till he got to the scot of the s oping bank. ' Come on back, and doa't be a fool,' eaid Pat coaxingly. 'I'll hold'yon so yon don't fall, while you look down and see wliat tbis Is floating in the water.' After a good de»l of persuasion Fred consented to stretch himself down and peer cautiously over the edge, while Pat held him by the coat. ' Don't yon see it, Fred V * No ; I can just see a speck of water, that's alL' 4 But lean further over, you can't see like that ; further yet. 1 There was a movement from the man behind, and the coat slipped from his grasp. A cry rang out—a wild "horrified cry that filled the well with a hun- dred echoes, and ended in a doll, distant and fearful splash. The birds seemed to shriek and By from the shelter of trees that stood sentinel near, and Pat M'Gann straightened himself and stcod up by the yawning well's mouth .—alone. • . . . - • The night wind came soughing and sighing throngh the twisted branches of the gnarled old box-trees witta a dreary sound—a dark, moonlight night, with a dark filmy haze that sbnt out the stars. Hot a sound broke the eerie stillness but the rnstling branches _and tha .drifting leaves. InBide the hut all wps equally still, though three men sat round a generous fire, and some dogs lay basking, in the warmth. '' - John Esk had dropped the week-old paper, that was fresh enough to those country sons of toil, and sat clasping his knees and looking dreamily into the fire. On either hand sat bis two men, one a half-caste, plaiting a wbij ; the otner, with a long-pointed burnt stick taken from the fire was making caricatures of the others on the brown, mod . wall of the fire-place. * Isn't it about time we fed np for the night, boys 7' he cried suddenly, as his eyes lost their dreamy look and he caught sight of his own nose drawn about two feet long in charcoal on the wall 'I guess it ! is,' said the amateur, dropping his stick, * but who's going to water the horses. Yon don't catch me down at that hole again after dark: I've had 'bout 'nongh x»f it this last week.' John Esk laid his bead back and gave a long chuckling, laugh of scorn and amusement mingled^ It was the third or fourth time that Jim had Announced his dislike of watering the horses. He spoke of mysterious sounds he had heard, and that the hOtees seemed to hear and tremble at, and of qneer creepy feelings that came over him, feelings that made biff flesh shake and his hair stand on end ; and now he stood stoutly up and said he would water them no more. Ob ! it. waB^ too good/ snd{ John Esk laughed loud and long. ' Laugh away, it's better than crying; < but I guess you won't laugh: quitje so loud when you hear them bobble rings.' * What, Jim, you still persist in the belief of the hobble rings ?' and the laugh took his breath again. •I tell you,', pried Jim hotly, 'as regular as I go down to water the horses at night a horse with hobbles gallops past tbe well, and stops down there amongst the trees.' ' And you never see him ?' * 2Jo. Nor you won't see him.' ' Rubbish.' ' All right. Go and see for your- self.' * So I wilL You bed and feed them, and I'll take them to water. Here, George, help out with thislboiled wheat, and III see what's to be made of Jim's ghost,' and with laughter and jest between the half-caste and.Esk they pro-, ceeded to the stable, but Jiih. looked on the matter as too serions for jest or laugh. John Esk let down the rails for the horses when Jim called,' Halter the roan or she'll girejou the fl 1 ip. J \- -Ha.'. How's that? *w 9' She's at ,joiet as a lamb.' " * Perhaps she is ; but all the same she's bolted from me theie last three nights. She goes like this wind whenever she bears the Bound of the hobbles.' John Esk was an obstinate man, and he felt half- reloctant to take the baiterrope from the half-caste, who had quietly slipped it over the mare's tesd with a creepy feeling of the supernatural pervading him. The horses went down the narrow, path in single file to the waterhole, followed by, John Esk leading the roan oy the halter. She was the qnietest of the team, bnt very timid. The two men left at the stable Were curious as towhat would happen, and leavi eg tbeir work they followed to within a few chains or the hole. For the Bpaee of a mioute or BO nothing conld be heard but the Lorses sucking "tbe water in with their big soft lips, while John Esk, io spite of his derision, wab listening as intently bb the rest. Presently through the dreary stillness from somewhere away t own ia the fl .t came that peculiar, jump, jump, of a hobbled horse. Tbe fibnndarame ucanr and nearer, the ratjble of, tb-^haiiiB ss tiiey struck toge - ther ringin oot with a startling clearness. It w«fc; ^ vain i ?;agination of the brain, as John Esk would have it first before; the sound was there if there was no substance, and he did not hear it I alone. Every horse had raised his head ffith a sharp jerk at the icst^ound, and kept it raised, and the two men heard, and cable closer, till John^Esk caught eight of them through tfae'dusk of night, -and e^eriencM a feeling of comfort. Tha/soond of the hobbled, hoofd came on till they stopped at the yellow-clay bank of tbe well jnst abjve the hole, and the men, str^ini^g I their eyes through the, darkness^, gaw ,nothing,' while the horses arourfa the hole sto-d as if petrified. They did not even breathe. Nothing could he heard but tbe water dripping " from their mouths in to.the. bole.„ . ^ A night hawk flitted by and broke the stillness, and something like a whistling sigh of wind came from the bank of the. well, then the hob'iles moved- agfin. and " a "hbrse * foil speed went pass between the men on the bank and the horses at water. The-in visible hoofs, with the hobble chains zinging out, flew down the slope where the sonnds died as sndd'-nly' awaj a a; they r had come, while the terrified horses broke into a wi;d stamppde, the roan pulling John E-k off bis feet with the suddenness of her mad flight. It was midnight before alt the horses were found and pnt in the Btable, and thf-n a serious talk over the mysterious oocarreace followed. ' 1 don't"believe -in ghosts,' said John Esk from his seat before tbe freshly stirred fire. ' Never have. Bat hearing the like of,, that jlose to you, and seeing nothing, is too much of a shatter to a fellow's nerves, and there must be a cause for it. What do you chaps think it is ?' ' I believe it's nothing bnt a message from Fred Linton.' said Jim solemnly; ' From Fred Linton 1 Wby, he went to Pinaroo .months ago! Is ie dead, do you mean ?'* ' You ask Pat McGann. • ' What'does Pat McGann know ?' • I believe Pat McGann knows mo than is safe for him to tell.' ' But he said Fred went to Pinaroo.' • Who with V asked Jim sceptically. • Why with some fellow with sheep.' ' Yes ; and who is the fellow V • I don't know,' said John Eak, be ginning to look doubtful, ' No, neither does anyone else—not even Pat McGann.' ' But what motive conld he have had for doing away with Fred ?' ' Why, don't you remember that case he was tried for, and Fred was the only witness 1 It j was at > that time - Fred disappeared, and Pat's case fell throngh for want of evidence. • Good Heavens! Yes, I remember it all! But what makes you so sure of this r . ' just what I ihaye been hearing this last few nights. You saw what sweat tbe horses were. in to-night, and they were nearly as bad last night, but you fellows only laughed at me.' ' But if "this is what people call ghostly visitation, what a mysterious form for it to take. ' ' Fred always kept his horse hobbled down here in the swamp,' said Jim. ' And do yon believe jie is down tbe well?' 1 1 do.' . Next corning the men went down together, to a spot where the sounds of tbe ^hobbled feet had died away, and weie horrified to find the dead body of Pat McCann lying with its face tnrned upward wide-eyed to tbe still clear sky. An inquest was hell, and they returned a verdict, 4 Died by the visitation of God,'" 