noveTT — A— Whim and a Chance BY WILLIAM T. NICHOLS. CHAPTER XI.— (CoNTimnsD.) Fred had come to the shop, he related glibly enough, and together they had hunted through the Btook for the article the young Lo„ nrmoht. This had taken ten or fifteen minutes, but at last the sprinkler had been wrapped in ! paper and Ired had paid for and departed. . 'You used a heavy oora m tying " didn't you?' I asked. ' \ es : I'd run outer twine. Did Mr. Cook tell you what he was to do with this purchase ?' , No; we talked quite a lot,— we re good friends, me and Mr. Cook, — but he didn t say notbin' on that point. Did he say he was going out of town < 4 No ; wo just telhod miscellaneous ; bout the weather more'n anything else,' Nothing about your late neighbour Mr. Barnes ?' , . Not a word. He pumped me dry on that long ago.' 9, « He took the bundle away with him .< ' Yes, started down the street with it. Away from the court ?' Yes. down Peyton Street towards the oar "Jine. What's the trouble? Nothin' crooked, ii,... P> Nothing at all. Thanks for your infor mation;' , , . . Be mumbled something about being al ways rejoiced to oblige a friend, and followed me to the door, as if he hoped for further light oh the reasons for my visit, but 1 leu him rather abruptly, and, turning into the oonrt, hastened to the house in which Joshua Barnes had lived and died. The woman who responded to my knock greeted me surlilv ; for she was one of the class whoso members seem to think that every physician regards a healthy person as a farmer looks upon his pigs,— that is, as a source of future profit. I dare say that bad I attempted such a familiarity as a poke in the ribs she would have set down the friendly attention as precisely of the sort bestowed by the farmer upon his porkers, and would have expected me to remark, 'You'll cut up well some day, with a blood curdling chuckle thrown in lor a moaa,ivA_ But I had no notion oi indulging in such pleasantries. Little as she esteemed me or my calling, she was on very amiable terms with Fred Cook. If be had seen her the evening before, it was almost certain that they had had a chut. 1 What's that ye're afther ? she demanded, suspiciously, when 1 hadstated my Misther Cook, is't ? What istld be knowin' of him, thin, and me a widdy t 4 Ho was in this neighborhood last eve- uing, Mrs. Regan,' I explained. 'Ithought, he might have stopped to say good-evening -to you; that's all,' He didn't oomo here, thin, she said, sharply- ' But if he had, what harm would it have been ?' , . , None at all, none at all. I merely asked \- ' for information.' , . 'It's none I can give ye. To emphasize her remak - she shut the door with a vicious Jam,- However, she had said that Fred had pot called upon her, thus corroborating the point at issue. As a bit of evidence it was worth the unpleasantness involved in When, a quarter of an hour later, I entered my office, it was with the purpose of stowing away the sprinkler where Dorothy could not stumble upon it. In a general wav it had occurred to me that snob a precaution could do no harm and might do some good. The maid should be warned .o roy nothing of the bundle left in the veshble. There was a chance that she might hold her tongue, at least for a day or two, py which time we ought to have a very fair idea of Fred's doings. My benevolent scheme, however, was doomed to benippod in the bud ; for when I reached the room I saw Dorothy and Mary standing by tk deBk upon which the opened package lay. There was nothing lor it hat lo tek thorn every- it T i.M ,,Ttr OAII la'hirfln . uunir , , Too had the boy should been so careless,' said I, in summing np my re marks 4 Ho might at least have telegraphed, even if he forgot to send us some word by the messenger who brought the sprinkler. But we'll hear from him before very long. He will he too anxious to get his valise to nrav his ioke very much further.' 4 If it is a joke,' said Dorothy, slowly. Isn't it very lunuaual for a messenger to leave anvthing at a house without ringing the hell?' , - . . , Perhaps he employed some boy wbo thought his task completed- when he dropped hie burden at the door,' "Mary suggested. You're close to the truth, I suspect, said I. Fred left the shop with his bargain under his arm. Suppose that when he reached the street car line he happenod to remember that the nine-fifteen tram was more convenient than the eleven-thirty : it really is, yon know- He saw a oar coining, which would take him to the railway station. Aoting upon impulse, he called a hoy who chanced to he near, and hired bim to bring the sprinkler to this house. Abe bov. for some reasonor other,— because he was a boy, probably,— failed to ; deliver it until this morning, when, to avoid explana tions of his tardiness, he simply depositod his bundle in the vestible and took to his heels. Fred meanwhile, having made the run to the Springs by the earlier train, has mailed us a note, and is proceeding to enjoy himself with a fairly easy conscience. Ibu t the explana tion likely to be true?' ... : My hearers agreed that it was plausible, and I left them inclined rather to be hurt by Fred's apparent discourtesy than to yield to a revival'of their panic of the previous eve ning. Nor did their courage Bink during the day: a belief that she ha3 been slighted will do wonders in the way of keeping up a woman's nerve. The evening passed without a freBh outbreak of anx'etv, and they retired consoled by the expectation of tidingB from the missing one in the morning. But the next day's mail brought no news. In vain I hastened to insist that there was no cause of alarm, in vain dilated upon the culpable carelessness of modern youth. Argue as ImlsM. largely, no aouot, ueuauoo . - strenffth of conviction ; for I, too, was begin- ning to think that Fred might have got into some serious scrape- "What it might be was beyond my power of imagination. Cook was no brawler, he was not dissipated, he had not been in a dangerous part of the city on the night of his vanishing; for the Peyton Street district, though poverty-stricken, was far from perilous to those who strayed into it. I sent a telegram to a friend, a person of discretion, who was spending the Bummer at the Springs. In an hour the answer came : nothing had been heard or seen of Fred Cook at that resort. Then I risked a despatch to the manager of the hotel at the Lake, only to read in his reply the same iaok of the in formation so greatly desired. Next I tent a batch of messages, one to eaoh of the places on the list Fred had discussed : but from each the wires brought the response I dreaded. Guarded inquiries at the office of his em- Dlovers were met by the statment tnat ne naa not informed them where his vacations were to be spent. Anotherraid upon Washington Court was equally fruitless, Mrs. Regan repeating her declaration of ignorance even more brusquely than before, and the junk man failing to add a detail of interest to the story he had told. At the railway station a misanthropical ticket-seller and a pair of gruff rulera of the gates through which passengers passed to rhe crams defeated me in short order. When they saw so many hundreds daily, how could they be expected to recollect a young man who, so far as they could tell from my description, looked re markably like half the other young men in the country? . _ I didn't attempt to argue the point, in stead. I went home tired, discouraged, pained bv a suspicion which was foroing itself upon mo at every fresh failure, a suspicion which . I could not overcome, and which threatened all my faith in a man whom 1 bad trusted mj)orothy met me at the door. There was no need to ask her if any tidings had come. 4 Not a thing have I to tell you, said 1, briefly. 'So far as I know, he has dis appeared from the face of the earth.' CHAPTER XII. Afterward, when what had ben mysteries were no longer mysteries, and we could pick the flaws in the reasoning by whioh we had failed to explain them, I blamed myself not a little for losing' heart so readily and for classing. Fred's absence as a disappearance, forty-eight hours after his departure on his errand in Peyton Street. A 'disappearance, in the common use of the term, means necessarily one of two thing : < the person in question has dropped out of sight either through bodilv mishap or mental aberration, which, though an unpleasant matter, may attach no dishonor to his name, or he hps fled of his own volition, thereby pleading guiltv in advance to any ana an onarges whioh may be brought against him, and assuring to himself a good deal more dis grace than he may deserve. There was considerable evidence that Cook bad not been waylaid nor fallen a victim to the perils of the city streets, and there was no strain of insanity in bis blood. I could hardly defend myself, subsequently, by a plea that I had not put the most unoharitable interpretation upon his case. In fact, I attempted no excuses of the sort. A phase of the matter whioh concerned me far more keenly was the effect my faint-heartedness had upon my womankind. It was my business to main tain their courage at all costs, to crouch hopefulness to them to the last; Ana m this I was remiss, signally remiss, when in a score of hasty words I blurted out enough to convince them that I feared the worst. It was a sad. blunder, and for it I paid the penalty ; for thereafter I was doomed to seo my attempts to encourage them wasted utterly, and to feel myself in part respon sible for their sorrow. We dragged through three more days miser ibly enough. Dorothy and Mary faring even worse than I, 'for my praohoe kept me occupied much of the time, while they had little to do hut to wait for tidings whioh they had come to fear almost as creatly as they had longed for them. Their ordeal J was oruelly bard. It was tailing upon tbem all the more rapidly because of the inroads made upon their strength by tlm unrelenting heat of a oity summer, to whioh thevhad insisted upon subjecting themselves. Even- Mary, by' far the less delioate of the two, was beginning to look a promising candidate j for a physioian's attention. Both of them needed ohange of scene, and that, too, at onoe. I determined, then, to appeal to Mary to forego her objections and to accompany Dorothy on a visit to the hills; for Freds inexplicable conduct seemed to have freed me from the obligations of the promises I had given to him. It was the third evening sinoe my blunder, the fifth sinoe Fred's vanishing. 1 bad , baa only another series of failures to report as I the net outcome of the day's investigations. I A letter to Cook's father, diplomatically I phrased, had brought from him the reply that he had reoeived from his son no news as to the manner in which the boy was passing his fortnight's leave, and that he was surprised to learn that I was in similar ignorance. Luckily, the old gentleman had not yet caught the alarm. When he should catch it, I looked for trouble. Of course he would hold me responsible in some degree for his son's disappearance. And a charming tale I would have to tell him. Dorothy, who was suffering from a head ache, had gone to her room, and Mary and I I were alone on the verandah. The oppor tunity was not to be wasted. Drawing my chair close to hers, I undertook the task before me. 4 1 save a pledge before Fred went away, said I. 4 Perhaps, Mary, ..you should be informed of it, though when I gave it I had no expectation of revealing the secret. But Fred's extraordinary conduct— to oall it nothing stronger — puts me at liberty to speak. I promised him to do everything in my power to induce you not to carry out your plan of leaving: us before his return, and I pledged myself further not to insist in the mean time "upon Dorothy going to the country. 1 Now, Mary,; I want you to help me, to sacrifice your pride, so to say, and to tell Dorothy that you' will accompany her to some quiet place out of town. Circum stances have changed greatly in the last few days. She is none too strong, as you know, and this business of Fred's is wearing her out. She must have a change of air and surroundings, or break down completely. There's the case in a nut-shell.' To say so muoh had not been easy. Two nersons meeting daily for weeks, with every condition favoring intimacy, may fail to pass the bounds of a somewhat distant friend liness, through their mutual liking may be none the less sincere Very seldom indeed had Mary and I approached the confidential in our talks. My scepticism iu the matter of her grandfather's hiddeii wealth had been somewhat of a barrier between us, and latterly her unwillingness to 4 increase her obligations, as she put it, had intensified the difficulty of arriving at a satisfactory understanding. Greatly as her reluotanoo annoyed me, I could not but acknowledge, upon reflection, that it might he justified from her point of view. Moreover, I had hesitated' to broach the' subjeot to ber, lest my interference might result ia cutting short, her stay, a consummation far from my desire. Even now, when Cook's disappearance had spurred me to active measures, I experienced a good deal of difficulty in preferring my reouest. The girl did not immediately answer. I could not see her face, for we were in a shadowy corner of the porch, but I could conjecture the doubt and perplexity of her thoughts. 4 1 am glad that you have told me about your promise,' she said, at last, speaking very slowly. : It is better that I should know of it.' 4 So I think.' 4 Yes, it is very much better,' she went oil. 4 Perhaps the best thing for us would be to be utterly frank with eaoh other. I need your advice, doctor. "Will you not give it before vou Dress me for an answer to the question you have asked ?' 4 As you wish,' said I. 4 Juot before I! red Cook secured the pro mise from you,' she continued, after a pause, 4 he aBked me to marry him. You must have known that.' 4 So much he told me. 4 And my answer ?' 4 1 judged that it was not aefimte,— at io:>uf shut-, it was conditional. 4 Yes ; it was conditional. He took me by surprise, in spite of — well, in spite of something that happened onoe— you saw it. I thought that he liked me, but— but- — 4 Pray go on,' said I, encouragingly. 4 1 tried to be fair and honest and con siderate in what I said,' she continued. 'He had been so good to me. I explained how muoh my music was to me, how; tor years it had been . my ambition to become a singer, how the instructors in Boston urged me per severe. He listened so kindly, so sympathet ically. And I told him that I liked him ; but the very telling of it so calmly made me doubt whether there was anything more than liking, don't you know? Then he urged me not to leave Trent, and that reminded me how dependant I was. .Oh, Vioot sharb was the pang of realization! And then came a longing for some one to oling to- I had never felt it before ; I had I thought myself brave and self-reliant, but all in a flash I knew that I wasn't. I seemed helpless ; my courage was gone. Gladly would I have said the word he asked me to say, but something restrained me. Even then my ambition reasserted itself. I liked him better than any one else, but was I ready to give up ell the old hopes ? I think he understood me.' .. 4 Perhaps he was too sanguine,' said A. 4 At least, to put it plainly, he appeared to believe that in ease you gave up your music you would become his wife. Was he wrong ?' , 4 Not exaotiy wrong, and yet She hesitated. 4 Youi spoke of advice,' said I. 4 Yes, I am coming to that. Bat first let me finish the story. He insisted that I should not leave Trent at present; but I would not bind myself to stay. I thought that in a day.or two I could learn my own mind and deoide wisely. Then he went away, nobody knows where, , and 4 You've not reached a deoisipn ?' 4 Not yet : your counsel may help me.' 4 Listen, then,' said I. 4 Here's the only ; course for you to follow. Go away with Dorothy. We'll find a place hot too far from the oity, where you can be informed - immediately if anything is learned of Fred's whereabouts.' Iu the mean time, don't worry,; and don't let Dorothy' worry. You've spoken to her of obligations. Now, if you will only oonsent to leave the- city;- with: her, and do your best to oheeriiher up.; by being oheerf ul yourself, I'll oouiit every obligation amply repaid and a big balance carried over to the other side of the ledgtiv Won't you promise me this as a very great personal favor ?' 4 Yes,' she. said. It was the syllable I was most desirous to . hear,- ' even if it was spoken with the utmost reluotance. Once ' her word was given, she oould be relied upon ' to keep her agreement. 4 Thank you a thousand .times!' I cried. 4 Mary, I'll be L your debtor forever. Can you start to-morrow r ; 4 To-morrow P Oh, doctor, not to-morow. Gives us two more days.' 4 Why ? 4In two more days it will, be a full week since — — ' Again she paused. 4 Since Fred dropped out,' said I, to finish : her sentence. 4 Two days? Um! I don't like the idea, but — well, will you go at the end of them ?' 4 Yes, if Dorothy is then ready.' . 4 I'll drive her out of the house if she tries to delay,' said I. 4 But . with you as a. com panion she'll be open to reason.' . : There was a long pause after this declara tion, the girl speaking at last, and. breaking in upon my reflections, the burden of whioh was .thai: I had scored a very satisfactory victory. 4 Where do you think Fred is ?' said she. 4 Please give me your honest opinion. Be a9 frank with me as I have been with you.' 4 I'm sorry you've asked me,' said I. 1 1 can only conjecture, and my guess won't comfort you. Here's a fellow who leaves a ; :: friend's house, expecting to return iu half ' an hour. He doesn't return. All sorts of inquiries lead to no trace of his whereabouts. He has left behind a valise, packed for a trip to some one of several summer resorts, at none of whioh is he to be found. No word reaohes his friends, who are able only ' to satisfy themselves that he has not corns to grief in the city. "I doc't imagine for an instant that Fred is-. trying to play a very poor practical joke upon ns. So, altogether, the unwilling belief is growing within me that he has run away, why or whither I don't know. I haven't a ghost of a suspicion on either point.' 4 1 can't agree with j on,'- said she, quickly. 4 It's impossible that Fred Cook should have done anything of the sort.' 4 Seemingly most improbable, not impos sible,' I insisted. 4 There are queerer oases than his in the list Of disappearances. One or two of them occurred right in this -oity.' 4 Is there nothing more to be done ?' she asked. 4 Several things will have to be attempted, if he isn't heard from soon. To begin with, his father will have to be notified : he'll be likely to assnme charge of the search. Then there are the polioe. So long as the barest chance remains that Fred may turn up unassisted, I want to. keep away from them. No doubt they'd do good work, but pub- ; licity would surely follow au appeal to them. I have thought of putting the ease in the hands of a private deteotive agency, but A m not an admirer of the system. Fred's father, no doubt, will settle suoh questions. . He will make a row because he wasn't called upon the morning after his son left us, and there will be a certain amount of j ustioe on his side. 1 realize the false position we'll be in, bat T don't see how it oan be avoided. So long as we're not absolutely sure that Fred's case is not a genuine disappearance, we can't afford to risk raising a hue and ory, which would do him no end of harm in a business and social way. Bat the, days of grace we oan allow him are almost run out.' 4 Please do nothing more until the week is over,' she urged. 4 Why the week? Have you a premoni tion that we shall see him again, or hear from him within the next forty-eight hours ?' 4 No premonition, doctor ; only a hope.' 4 Well,' said I, reflectively, 4 possibly two days more will make little -difference. Let it Htand at that. After all, you're entitled to a voice in the matter.' 4 Am I ?' she asked, with a nervous little laugh. I trust so,' said I, earnestly. 4 If by any chance Fred oomes bank, and if we find him still the good, straightforward fellow he has always seemea, a snouia very greany iiae to think that music is no longer his sue-oessf ul rival. Haven't these days of waiting made a difference in his favor?' She rose from her chair and crossed the verandah to the hall door before she ans wered me. (To be CootikobdA , . First Traveller. — 4 Why is that pompous , , felloW stiutting about so abburdly ?' Seoond Traveller. — 4 He found some ham in his railway sandwich.' 