THE HAUNTED HOUSE. The pension examiner who had been on duty in a southern state, was inll Wash ington for a week or two; as Is the cus tom among that class of public servants, and he was telling of what he had seen and heard in his bailiwlik. "Oh. yes.'" he said, In response to a query, "there were 'ha'nts' there, for where are they not where the darkey pre vails? But,the real.ghost of the whole section was in an 'old house known as Harley Hall The old house was nearly a hundred years old. and as far back as the people could remember. It had the repu tation of being halunted This reputation hadprlmnarly grown out of the fact that in one'of the great rooms of the house was a door leading somewhere which had never been opened. as far as known, and I which resisted everyegffort to. open, it. The room wa insalncoted in onak"nleally to the celllni, and this door was only. about six feet high-and three feet wide, and seemed ilppropriate as the entrapee to a secret chamber. It had heavy iron I I hinges andt a henrvy iiron latch aiid sta ple, eaten deeply by the rust, when I saw SIt. "In response to a suggestion from the ilowner of the place., who was showling Sme over It and telling me the story' of its I ghost. I made.an effort to get the door oplen. both by'pulling at it and by lut ting my shoulder against it. and push I ing with :ill my strength. I even went so far as to rig a kitld of a clumsy jack against It to force it open, but it refused to budge an inchl. I could tell that it bdwas a well made door by thy sounld It Sgave forth when pounllded on, bliut there was nu resill iappcarent why it shouldl not opetn it reveal what was on the otler side of It. "t The story was not ia ':i y weird one. r consisting mostly of the rumonir that on ?ertaln nighllts this door opened. and at forniler master of the house came forth to wander about. lie had never done ally harnl or any good to any one, and on the whole the glhost story was rather tame. but the door was there, and there swas a mystery about that whilleh was still unsolved, tllhrou'th all the years. "Last year the owner of the house, at oIlly suggestion, opelned the old Iall for suilmier boalders. and I led tile van aind took the ronl with the mysteriols ""or in it. ".1lany's the night I've sat and ewallh t d that do-ii, and ofteun of moonlight ighl t I've sat inl tihe ilopen windoln wait ing to see if the sweeieslls of the south-i rni sunllner nIght would not temnlt the old ilaster to \anlldelr. but lie never canle Sf6orth to meet me. "One nighit. thlloughl. came the reve'ln tiin of the mystery. A curtain in one of the windows of a wing of the house was bl4owl tilto candle ltame, and five mlnutes laitr lire was raging. llalf an hour h:lter the fire was out. nbut the wting adjoining my room had lost its upper half. extiosing tihe wall of the main building. In the repltirs that followed this wail was partly removed. alld it was 1 shown that the mysteritus door was not a idoolr, but merely a joke on po.1erity. r played by the original l?roplrietor, who had a heavy piece of oak put in tile waliscoating. and had carved it with hiis ownu hands to resemlile a dlr Thll hinges and latch lie had put in to carry I the trick to the very end. That door," e oncluded the narrator, "by actual m~n a suremnunt swas foirteen inches thick and ; e sol!der than a stone wall, so that it wag no wonder nolbody could ever open it."- S"\?ashlingtort Star." 