He Was Haunted. Fischer'|_ ghost has been laid, to the regret of those who have cherished him as a winter story for the fireside. He is no longer believed to sit on top of a: three-railed fence as a clue to the dis covery of his' bones in a stagnant pool: But there is a maj\ in the Glebe who was haunted by a spee tre which never left him. It -was with him as he sat all day long mending shoes, and in the dark and silent watches of the night it clirng to him, and he began to look upon ?t*as a fearful part of himself until his time would come to enter into the spirit, land. It was a grim and horrible expe rience, and all his days and nights were spent in trying to solve the enigma of its presence, and the way that he could lay it, as. they had laid. Fischer's ghost.' The worst of the matter was . that it xras invisible to all but himself; lie was worse than haunted, it tortured him, for this spec tre loved to give him pain. At length the means ?were given to him to free himself of its hateful presence, and he describes his last fight with it to our representative, who waited upon him at 86 Bridge-road, Glebe. '/For the past eight jears,' said Mr. Wm. Burke,. shoemaker, VI have endured : very much from constipation and piles; no. medi cine seemed to do' me; good. . At night I could. not sleep,, and by dayi .1 was. too' drowsy to' do . my ; ?work. Nothing ' I took -.could free me of pain,: until I tried Dr. Morse'S' Indian Root Pills, and , now 1 can 'say'tbat'^ey are -'the best remedy. 1 ? have ever known, as theydo not gripe pr 'weaken,^ and ^yet dp'all that Js 'said of them; I am a bet-1 terman to-day than I have lieen for: years.-: -..Itrisj a grand cure.' Dr. Morse's Indian Boot Pills' -cure such cases, and' positively cure. -Kervbus Headache, Sick Headache, Biliousness^Inaigestion, Dyspepsia, Dizziness, Liver Complaint,' Kidney and Female 'Troubles. . Sold by chenustsVand stbre keepersl Mce, Is l%d per box, or six boxes §ix ? shillings. If not obtainable fronT your chemist, or storekeeper, same will be forwarded upon re-, ceipt of price. The W. 33. Gomstock Co., Limitedi 58 Pitt-street, Sydney, N.S.W.—0. ?.- 