GRANT'S WIFE< And when your lovd Has conquered pru'o-- A min was singing to the accompaniment of the concert iua. TLe notes we re long drawn and tilled with a certain lough p»thos. His compauions li>t<-ned in nppreving silence until Ui« song came to an end. " Music's a cheering thing in ft man's life," remarked an old, thin, went her - beatt a sLepherd, the owner of the New Zealand hut wheriu the four me u were stated befoie a largo wood tiro. Jack-on's wbnre was the only habitation for miles around. It wis situated upon a lonely road,and was the general rtfu^e for nil belated shepherds, stockmen,and rabbiters belonging to tho "run.'' Along, nanow room scantily furnished, with bunks built into the walls, a table and a few odd stools and chair*, all of .which at present were drawn up to the fireplace. | The men vveio smoking ; the atmospheie was dense; there was a general odour of tobacco, • mackintosh, leather, also wet sheep dog, for there were several of these animals lying down \- or creeping about, and the musical programme was occasionally varied by a dismal howl from one or other of them which bad rashly ventured ;nto the charmed circle round the blitzing lo^s, and got in the way of somebody's great boots. 'A hesp of damp saddles was thrown into a corner, whips, straps, and spurs lay about ou table and floor. There was no ligLt save that of the fire, which shed a flickering crimson glow into the rtom, lending a certain pii- tuie-que charm to the common-place interior, and EOItenlug the rough faces of the men. " Sing again, Willie," said the hest, and the musician, a thick-set, pleasant looking vouug man, complied, and gave them " The Ship that Never Returned," " Rock 61e to Bleep Mother,'' j" Annie Roone-y," and would probably have favoured the company with half-a-dozen more, aiot being in the least bnshful, but that his next Neighbour a man whore distinctive characteristics were a pair of long legs, a pronounced •scowl, and a huge moustache, suggested that ithey had had enough of him ; so he meekly, deposited his instrument hi m ath his chair, and |fchc party lapsed into silence, broken only by jthe cheerful cracklings of the burning wood and. ithe sound of the rain on the roof, i Tho old man took his pipe out, of his mouth 1 and made a long shot at a glowing ember. i " She's a bad 'uu,'' he said, slowly. " 1 clen't like her eye." I The r< mark was apropos of nothing-, and nobody asktd any questions. " She's a d d bait 'un," he continued in -an argumentative toue; but still his companions i puffed away gravely and made 110 answi r. j "She's tricky, that's what she is," he went j on, after a pause, " and my opinion is that the j boss has got a handful." It was riot a h< r.*e he was speaking e.t. but a : ' i | : ; j ! ! i i woman, as a remark from the muustacLed man betrayed. I " You've only seen licr riding, with a h?it i and a veil on," he said grutlly. " What tho j do you know about hi r eye ? " j The old man sqium d himself up, ready for J the fray, " I haven't lived fifty-five years in this j world for nothing," ho said. " 1 observed just i now that music's a cheery thing in a man's j life; so's a woman, when she's a gcodone. j When she's not, his life is " j '' Old Dick is rather amusing on sochl ques- j iic.us," drawled the fourth msu, who had not ! spoken before—a quiet fellow, Looking rather j iike a broken down- gentleman. " Who is the lady in question r'' j " Mrs. Grant," said Moustachio. | The quiet man whistled "His wife,"' Le Said slowly. " I say, Jackson, jou'd bitter bs careful what you're saving." " She'd better be careful what she's doing," answered Jackson, angry at the rtbuke, for ha was generally considered something of an oraole. " When a young woman with au elueriy husband spends half her time riding about with a fellow like Spencer—" " Spencer ?" . " Yes, that idle, loafing cad of a remit!aiiue man," " I know. I dfti 't admire her tas'e." " You'll nerer fathom a woman," continue d the old man, recovering his tone of wonted importance, and staring gravily into the fue. j ""Everyone else considers thetellow a cad,there- ; fow3 she's bound to be shook on him. He's ag j handsome as the devil, dresses well, and he j rides Grant's horses as if they were his own and j ho bad about fourteen more out in the pad- j dock." ! The man with the moustache paused in his ! occupation of 6tirring up the tobacco in his pipe j with his penknife, and turned to his Lo t. "You knew a f&t; lot, Jackson," be said, "but j I thick you are wrong this trip. Shu set mi < a nice young woman, I have seen ter once or i twice pretty close," " What is she like to look fit ?" ask°d the i quiet man, M Ob, small and dark," said Jackson, " wiih I 0/ lot of black hair that's always tumbling down when she's riding, find that's ono up Bgin her. \ A ntco woman k' f ps her hair neab," j The other man laughed, I " You're » rum old card," ho faid, " but I j think I'd keep siy mouth sb«4i on this subject If \ 1 were you. Whether you Mtrtfjjfct or wroug j it's a dangerous business to mnddle with," | Then one of them started talking •• sheep/' j and cvtryihi.g eke in HeavfH *Rd upon eartti j fatirti In tter Innigidficanc*; Hams, hoggets, st*cs, lau.L-s, Sleiine, Souih DOTVII, Lincoln, it front on ( »li feiHlbsH and all-absorbing topic, I'ipes weie {iU«d Eigain fu-d f-gdiH.. The fire g^fc 1 ovr ; they tnlked aimcst in tl-e dark: ! Suddenly tKleipind fb ^ Msited up with ' fchbfp litt'e batks, fnoto bai king was going on out-J If, f.(«i rum ally the Sound of approscLing hir^f, L uurno tudible. Jackson get up and threw K.oic wood Upon tho Art', t'. shower ot rpsilsu (I \i np the cbimncy, then bo walked ovfl' tv.:d opnid the door. Tie quit t man went c-n Hrr.cking, Willie nice and j ut his ccncniti: R ilita his bunk as if bo ft and the coming visit.i.-s might wish to ?leal it. It WHS a stormy nigh'. Tho wind blew tho r ain in at. the door ; the old man was calling out to soau l ne The re's two of era," he said, lo: k'ng back lr.to the hut ; " a man and a boy.'" lie lsent outside : the visitors tamo in arer. " I'ut your horses into the shed and give "em a ft ed,'' he shouted. There was moie conversation aud the flickering of a lantrrn, and in a short time Jackson rt turnt d to the whare. His grey hair was all blown about ; he had a queer expression in his e\t:s. ' " They've lost their way," he said, " they are only coing to slay a short time to rest the horst s and the t oy." " Who are they r" aske.l Moustachio. J icksou did not answer, but looked at the qui;t man, whose face was blank and uneoncernttl. The logs had blazed up ; the hut was light t-nd cheerful-lo; king. A man entered ; tab, fair, und extremely handsorre. He w.?s followed by a lad in a great coat aud a knitttd 'i'am-o'-Sbauter. " Sorry to disturb vou. my friend*," he said, in a dcep ? clear voice. " In the darki ess 2nd the beastly bad roads we lest our way. TLe ho; yes are ktiocktd up, ai.d want a bit of a spell. We l.ave a long way to go to F " ^-ixtt en miles," said the tjniet mtu. .I'.fl'.stn was busy hanging ! lie billy over the fire. " I'll give you some hot tea," he said to the bc-v, " come near the fire." " Oh, he's not cold," cried tho handsome rp.?!--. huu ic.'iiv. " Ciive him a tug sir! h t him lie dowD. We came through a brsstly bush track. He is tired." Mustaehio threw him a large stiiped rug. lit- rolled the boy up in it, and he lay down in a c orner. " It's d bad buk !'' continued the sti'ii.ger, coming forward. " Who is the boy asked Willie. " Ob, a nipper from town. I'm faking him b-.ck to his ma." " lie's a good-locking lad," said the quiet m a n " \'es." .J-eksc-n made th<i tea. lie handed some in a punnikiu to the visitor, then dipped out some iv.ort.-, and was going over to where the boy lay, but the oth< r man out his own down ou the table. " l'il take it to him," he said. The quiet man looked at Jackson and rai-ed his eyebrows a hair's breadth. Tie strangir came hack to the file, and sat looking into it with a moody expression upon his face, Suddenly he threw back bis head and laughed —a laugh that made the dogs staitupand growl. " What's the matter ?" said Jackson. " Nothing," he answered, " I always laugh when I am in a bad temper.'" " And cry when your hsppy, I suppose !" drawled the quiet man. " Yes,'' he said, " but I haven't cried yet." He drank his tea and lit his pipe. They all lit fresh pipes; the group round the fire was increased by one ; conversation became general. Thry eventually returned to their muttons. The b,<y slumbered in his corner ; the dcg3 lemaineil quiet. Soon Willie crept away and got his concertina anil began playing softly to himself. It seemed to sooth the ci-mpiny — their voices sank ta a murmur, the ram still patlered on the roof, and thus an hour passed away. Willie ceased playing, left the fire, and tumbled into his buik. Moustachio stood up aud yawned. .lackson was gazing into the embers and nodding sl'ghtly. After a time the strange r stood up. " I (Link we'll go en," he said, and walked over to the bny. for a moment or t.vo he biut ever hi®, then raised him to his feet. " Are you rts ed, young fellow ? " asked the quiet man, coming forward. " Y< s, i liar k you," answered the lad in a Jew vi.ice. He seemed rather sltepy and dazed. Iietween l is coat collar and his hat there was nothing to be seen but two large dark eyes. He k< pt his Lands in his pockets and shivt red slightly. The m-n turned round to Jackson. Thai ks veiy mush for your hospitality,'" he raid. If you will bring your lantern I think I will to and get the horses now." Presently l.e heard the horses go off. In a, few minutes Jackden and the quiet man returned to the hut. "I must have another pipe aftt r that," obteivcd the latter, and prccteded to fill it. Jackson's mouth was twitching. Something seemed tr> amuse him. " What's up ? " asked Moustachio. The quiet man looked at the old one, who refponded to the lock with just the ghost of a wiuk. " Now we'll turn ID," he said ; but just then! fche d0jja began to b»rk »» 'They are coming back," said the oioustachcd " It's fri m tho other direction, one person riding." said the quiit man. Jackun was listening. "It's tho boss," Lt> cried, " on tho grey," arid rose hurric cily, went out of the door, and closed it after him. After a few minutes a horst man (.topped Biiddtnly outside, and a quick, authoritative voice called out to .Ji cksou. A shoi t tliscusxion followed, and a loud oath. The old man came back. A broad giin was upon his weatheibeaten countenance. He shut the door, and walked up to tfie fireplace. " He'll catch tht m up," he cried, rubbing his hands. The quiet man nodded. He looked rather grave. " l'oor little thing 1 "" he s^id. " Snakes 1 " ciitd 1[<.ustachio. Willie liftt d Lis hejd out of the buuk. '' Who ! is the man ? " he asked, j " Spencer," replied the quiet man. ; " Then the boy," said MoustacLio, with i bulging i yeballs. " 1 know a fat lot, don't I " cbu.'ded Jiuk- ; rou. " I'm wrong this I rip, eh The bey, ; my young friend, is the bess's wife ! " J 