SIn his fioat e gLy pctyres, -o onirer followed: the tladiticun which were in force in his youth in the Freuch schools tf painting. First bits of detail, caefrilly studir.i from nature or from the living model, in crayon; then, still iu crayon, and after the liiolng model. the whbole uomi osition. This compri in hbe reproduced without rorition in his pcu e, the. moot dra rig.i -... -, It wo?ns not long, howeror, before hbe beamo convinced tint thiss.5stemirc to mnotoony-of colour, and silbou tdilect ein fro?a.the principle of doring nothing except fron?rdnture, which he had matde his role from the beginning, he re plcadl the crayon stid; by the pihnted study., At the same time, in order to leavn nothing to chuance, h star ted the pran:ic, whenever, lie began a picture. of arranging thensceneryhe was to repredluc in ancorner of his studio..This d. ie, hs placed tio model among.e.tehnery,. as f iu a .tablrau-rivant. , HIis Attention .to Details. He never began work u.til he had carefully -tudied.thle placo to be. occupied by each bibe lot" the offect that the hanging would produce, .the way in which the light fell on the projec lir.ns of a cornier, on 'the mouldings of a piece of furniture or a scat, on the most triflingand humble ;acessories. If the .tapestry iwhich. seemed to snit for a background, or the arm chair in which the principal figuro was to sit. were wanting in IMeissonier' properties ho bought them. .If the required object were not to be found he. had it iirde. He wrdld aven order, . to copy them better on his canvases, chimnoy-pieces andu staircases, which he aftlr wards sold for an old song. "' ''rcu the etemesrte .o0 the picture we col lecieed ieisoniecr planned out the nmaiu lines of it in his mind. Then, without making any prelimiuary sketch of the whole, he set to work on: studies of detail, which were. generally, studiesof costume. IHe turned out dozens of them until the costume.. of each.of .tho figures had taken, its form.., Work on the head, the details of the face, h.be reserved 'until the time when the picturei having beeu" begun, and the actors in-the drama being in their places. he had only to give the finaltouches., But though he worked with great facility and his touches folloueol cach 'other rapidlyand twere - wonderfully sure ha couhld not.produce : quickly. At the mnut he would finish a leg in a day of steady work. This slowness.ofexecu 'tion, however, did not prevent-:. eissonier's !inexorably desroyiug. the.uwork of several days if he were not thoioughly'satrslied with it. His desire for perfection rendered him inexorable to fererething that 'did not folly' realse hisides. The Great Picture. i To understand" the precautions taken by the painter to obtatin absolutely truthful effects in .his great works, nothing .can, be more inatnuc 'ti:e than the history. of "1814," one.of the most :popular of his pictures. It is thus told by his o The rexecution of the picture, though medi -tted and compose'q for months in my father's brain, was long delayed for want of soon.' The winter of 1863 wai alieady far advanced.aud not a flake of stioW had fallen. At Inst it came. Whir it lay thick eeotughinýour garenu my father at or.ce took his measures, had.it tram pled by the servantandodsoiled with barrowfuls of earth. It soon became as muddy, dirty, and sad as one.could wish. Then and then only : my father began to work out of doors, posed his horses.in jspite of the low.tempera. ture,i in the mronp. aud, with prodigious acti vity, pushed on, his studies of detail in order to have them complete before the thaw, came. Fortunately the hard. weather.lasted as long as was necessary,poometimts, cold, sometimes snowy, but always; with thuesame sad,, black sky, laden with, opaque clouds-the sky neces eary to ohtain the desired effect. '! '" After the generals of the escort came the turn of Napoleon. All the parts of the cos tome ywere ready. They had been made under the supervision of Prince Nnpoleon, and accur, Emperor iii his possessio... .Thi moment bad come to clothe the model with them. The coat was too small for him, but, to makeeup, the hat came down over his.eyes. " My father tried on the costume himself. Thu coat fitted him like a gloverr,.th hat adapted itself perfectly to his head.. He did not hesitate a moment. ' He mounted the white horse : sent from the Imperial stables, 'took' the model's place, and with a mirror set up before'him, feverishly.copied his silhouettot aind the back- grornd . agains, 'which it stood '.,The phlr wmas intense, and my father's feet almost O froze in the stirrup. Chauffrettes were held,uudtrthem and a brazier was' placed beside him for him to warm his stiffened tingers. " Friends tried to conrince him that he was giving himself unnecessary trouble. i'hen the landscape was done why should he not go back to hia , warm studio to paint the figure ? iMy father rightly observed that in the studio .the 'values, the relations of the tones of the figures to the landscape would be. wanting, andhe. .held out to the end. .All the studies were made' under the samer conditions." HIS 'ONLY CASE. We were in Markham's " Enug,".a little room to which he was scruslomed to retire" to cool," as he expressed it, in such odd minutes as a heavy home-practice in medicine left him. Netherby, a surgeon from lower down the street, bhad dropped in at ten o'clock to smoke a friendly pipe with Markham and me and to chat oveer professional topiua, as was our custom. Markham was great on reminisccnces and struck out upon them as soon as Netherby. drawing his coat tOails sententiously about him, had.settled dowan into the doctor's wicker chair. We smoked on in deferential silhnce until Markham had finished. " Well' said Netherby, with a long pull at bic pipe. " tm not much at 'amprriences,' but I had one job out there near kan Francisco thai has always been on my mind." " What was it ?" asked Mtarkham in his abrupt way, tamrning a pair of piercing little grey eyes on Netherbhy. " It occurred naearl twenty years ago, before I settled down,' said Netherby, removing his pipe and throwing his head back into a relectire attitude.. " I had had a few turns at sea as surgon on a hNorth American steamor, but through a bother I had -iththerbhief ofecer I dropped it at the end ofa yoyage out. I left her at Fiico and went on a ramblo injind. I had no definite plan, but [ thought it would irhe worth whie taking a turn rounod the miuing district.. I had gony through surgery, and thought, being an Eslglishman, there msight be a olance about some of the mining s~tt:ements. Lots of work for a saw-bones about there," said Netherby. with a sigurficant nod. "Did you get any ? " akcd Markhama sharply again. " One case-jout one. And I didn't like it. It waun't in my hranch at all," Netherby replred, troening at the recollection. " I dropped on a little miniong place in the hills." he contirued. "It was abhout a hundred mileo easto ?San Francico. Isomehow fauocied. the plac,, ·o I stayed there prospecting about two mosths. In three w?rsk I knew a'eryone it it worth kInowing. They were as deferential as ruo please, learning that I was an English surgeon. so I got on well with them. "I stopped at the principal store in the town, the keeper of which was a sharp and shrewd Yankes, but about as good-naturd as they make 'em. "O?e gh4k after I had gone to bed I heard a laed knooetog ot the outer door. T"hen there oere voices. I could hear the Et~lekeel.r. kgspo ]arpla'iyio someoneabout coming at that late haur.. In sa minute I heard him approct-h. ag my room. R called ot to learn.whetlher I was awake, and on my .answering him, toldi .istpeS;bu io.Is 1sh e L gjua intoutidi l of the town had eome to see if I would go to al man who was dying;? 'There bad been a fall oft atone in .the workegs, and the man was badly; injured. A doctor of some kind was with him,. bat the man had begged that they . would bring =n Einglishmain to him as ho had SOSiathinig important to' ay. The '* bos thought hbe iuted lto "m e n conifcssion, and for -some :reason would oily mako it to anl Buglishman.tM Yun see, I wasn aiot ranlod pro. fiedonioly, o at first I declined to go. The ti.rerkecpo orgued the maller nith me. saying: it would look bad if tit got known, that I..had] reforCd to g andd hear a dying man's eoofoa sion, . So I got up and dressed and joined the * b~ici' and told him to lead the way. ' HIe led menalong the solitary main street of! the place, and then struck out for the hills. I had. not the ghost of an idea where we were going. .and as tho night ' was dark its was impcssiluj to note the way. I tried to. get . my compaion to talk, but after ono or two vaguereplies to my remarks I lIft'hiim alone.. He was either stupidly sullen or so toncerned about the man that to was unable to converse lucidly. "We must have walked for nearly half-an hour when.my, guidel g ipped, my right wrist and turned me: .sharply round, with a curt, SKem thin,wa!'" Still holding my wrist he walked a few paces and then stopped., I could see,thatwe wco by a low luilding. Going co again my guide led, me slowly round the place until we reached a door on the further side. It was partly open, and I could discern a dim light within. .. Hyer we..air,' exclaimed my companion pushing the heavy door open. *.IIyar'a the Engleesh aFrgeon,imehbbo 'e'll u for yer.'.. "'It was a mining hut oftho roughest deacrip tion.' A ema tn, ,enayw sbnunuo an ind of manutle-shelf, antd givinrg just sdficient light to make the p.lac misnirably dim' and weird. A man in the garb of a minerwa3& sitting on a rough stool b- a low couch, a bed upon which I counl di-cern a hunian ti.m. ' Hefaw es it now, Jose?' asked my com pasaion. *Bad!' -answered the watcher, bending forward to look at the face of the injured man. Bly guide kneltdown by tie couch. SNold ! Hyar's tio Engleeah doctor. 'E'es come t' hyar what yer'n t' say. Can yer talk t" ?' "I had grown accustomed to the gloom, and could discern a face uf deathly paleness at the' raised rnd of the couch. As I watched it the eyae opened. 'Leare 'im with me-leave us alone,' said a faint oice. ' Kem on, Jose. Let's gew out. Leave the doctor with 'im a bit. Kem on!' said my com parion, taking hold of the walcber's arm. "The man flowly rose and left the cabin with my guide. I heard the pondaioan door grate as theyclosed it behind them, and knwu that I was alonu wit' the dying man. "Can I doi anythig. for you ?" I asked, bending over. to obtain a better view of him. ' Draw that stool up and sit down by me,' he replied in a low voice. " Let me examine you first," I said, feeling his right shoulder. ' No. no, not that,' he said testily. ' You can't do.me any good that way. I want you to listen.' ' I will,' I repied. ' Go on..' "Are you an Euglishman ?' he asked, turn ing his glassy eyes on my face. S" Y's,' I replied again. ' Then listen. This is a dying man's confes sion. My. name's Frank atheason. I was a diver. I was doing very well. lIe and my mate, Tom Thornley, 'ad been at it foryears. We wnere like brothers.i iometimes he went down and some ,times me..--We wro all right until the girl 'came. Kate Jacobson her name was. She was my girl, I loved her with all. my life. 1 was ,happy, so. happy until Tom I, ayed me false ;He made pretence of friendship to Kate, for old acquaintance sale, he said, but I saw how itwan going. He was making love to her. He atook her from me-my Kate that I would have Ol'actuaunnji-turmento-tewewner-r-mmmea And ahe ltft me for him. Iwas like one dead. Everything changed.. All the hope went out' of me. -I was miserable. and wished I was dead. And he, my Sold mate, Tom Thornley, had done it-played ,me false. How I hated Iim ! We were mating still, diving together just as before. Anii they were to be married-Tom and my Katie to.bermarried. I was mnd-mad for he had played me false. He had stolen my love. She was my Katie. . I won her-honourably; he -deceived me-tricked me..Oh, how I hated him ! i I wanted to kill him, for hadn't he killed my hope-my life. It was all gone. Ah! I .riemberr. SThe man closed his eyes and stopped," said Netherby; " I saw that he had not finished lis narratioe, so I said gently, ' Have you nothing more to tell me?' In 'a miante the eyes opened again. They were quite wild andi .glaring.". , !.Yes.'hs gasped.: 'They were tobe married -my Katie and him-marriid.' iBut I spoiled it. We were diving at the old Merlin on a night-tide. . It was Tom' turn to go down.. I had to. screw him up and pump for him. .He went down. : I thought of them, married, him, and my-Katie. I was mad, andI didit.. Ij kept on turning the wheel, madly, 'gloatingly. I knew Tom was. getting no air. We got himl up,.dead.. I killed him.' Killed him, for he. stole my Katie., , *Then, I:couldn't bear to look on her face.. I thought she could read murder on my brow., The form of Tom haunted me.. . couldn't bear .to be at the old place or to touch the pomp or, the gear again. I daren't ha-e gone down isn ;that dress again for the world.' I would hive' imet him down there just as he died. I rasn from the country. Now it's all over: I'can die.) !You've heard everything. Leave me-leave me ?n peace.' ' "His eyes closed and his head fell over help tlessly to his Irft side. He had speut himself. upon his narrative. I steeped noftly to the door. r.nd partly opened it. The noise brought back ny guide and Joso. I le.ared from them that! thec man was badly crushee alboul the lower' anrt of his body and that the mine doctor had: told them he would nut live through the night,; but that he would come hack and ase Lim. finding how nearly he was gone, I did not. attempt to touch him. especially sa I had not been asked to render cny professional servic. " My guide condclirtd meo lnck to the town ever the same utnknowno way wo had traverlled to the cabin. Promising to let me know how the man went on, he left me by the store at Lwhich I. woas loging. Before I rose in the morning the store-k cper camen to my ruoon with the infor mation that the man I hnat visited was doaid. "You are the only living creatures who ever' heard his story fcorn my lips." said Netherby; knocking the. ash out of his pipo and rising to go home. 