MAIL KEWS. SPANISH FLOODS. It was reported in Madrid on Sep tember 14 thatmorethan 100 houses had been damaged by floods at Valdepenas. Hundred's of barrels containing oil, wine, and aki/Lol we're carried away. The floods were caused by a little brook running through the town which sudCealv overflowed. The damage is esti mated at more than '5,00C,0'J0 pesetas. Many dead bodies Lavo been discovered, and the Jot*- of cattle has been immense. Valde peuas is one of the most important centres of the wine industry, and it is inthelarge factoriesdevoted to the manufacture of the brand that goes by the name of the. town that the floods have worked the greatest havoc Many important wine cellars have been inundated. Thousands of tuns of wine have been spoiled. One cellar alone contained 400 vessels of the capacity of 32 pints each, all filled with liquid of excellent vintage, and all of which has been lost. Four large factories and seven extensive cellars have been destroyed, besides which there have beeu manv other minor disasters. MASSAGE MACHINE. , Professional masseurs must be ware lest they wake up some morning to find their occupation gone. It would seem that there has already beca imported from the Continent a massage machine which will render the services of an assistant unnecessary (says a London paper). Tbe apparatus is described as consisting of a series of 12 pairs of polished hardwood balls arranged upon a jointed chain, with a handle at each end. It is 3'2iu. long (the balls covering a length ef 22in.), and can, accord ing to the statement of the inventor, be applied to any part of the body by oneself. For example, in a case of Junibago or stiffness of the shoulder muscles, the chain can be Vsed by the sufferer quite effectu ally and without any uncomfortable straining while it is declared to be fully equal to digital massage, as it produces even kneading of the muscular part and a gentle flow of beat, which indicates that the circulation is considerably stimu lated. IHE LINCOLKSHIEE GHOST. Despite all efforts, the Lincoln shire ghost invsterv remu.ins'''' unravelled. That the noises nightly heard cannot be ascribed to rats has been amply demonstrated, and other suggestions when acted upon likewise fail to elucidate the ?aatter. All over the couutrv the affair has excited the greatest interest,. and two London gentlemen nave written asking for permission to stay at night in tbe house. Other letters have been received from 'clairvoyants,' askiug ft:r pieces of the silk or one of the bonea discovered under the floor, whilst a London clergyman has written advising ilrs. Wilson to bury tbe bones in consecrated ground, 'then,' be saya, ' the ghostlv visitor will trouble you no longer.' The owner of the house in question — a farmstead at Halton Holgate, near Spilsby — has tried to throw discredit on the whole affair, but such efforts have failed, and it now transpires that tbe house was known te be liaunted fully 30 years ago. WHALING DISASTKK. The captain of the wbalcr Navarek and bis wife recently arrived at Seattle, Washiagtou^ and narrated an extraordinary story of adventure in tbe ice-bound seas. The ' vessel left San Francisco in March last, and entered tbe Arctic Ocean in July. Tbe ship vai shortly afterwards caught in tbe ice when 120 mi'.cs north- east of Point Barrow, and on August 14 tbe crew left the vessel in small boats. These also were caught in tlie ice, aud they accordingly left the boats and tramped back across tbe iceto tbe ship. Thirty-seven of the crew, headed by the captain, started again to walk across tbe ice, leaving eight persons aboard lhe 6hip, but after one day the captdn and seven of his coEipauions, one being his wife, changed their uiiuda and returned to tbe vessel. Thev made a fresh start, t^kin^ with them a canvas boat, and waik.-d over the ice, or sailed in tLo boat, where tbe water ras open, for -30 hours, when they reacbed Ooppei Island, which w^s found io I* desolate aud uuiuliabi'od. T!:--v were, however, rescued ncs.*. d.-sv liy the GovernnieMt s'eayjc-r Bear.' THE FLEMISH QUESTIm?,'. Tbe determination of lin- Flora ings to obtain tbe full iei;-;:l i«ii;:oi litation of their la«-ua^« U :is strong as ever. A Fle:jjit,u Con gress has been held at AiK.'eu;;rJe, in tbe vast balls of the '.Verk manshuis, aud in the midst of a city lavishly decorated. Iii various sections it was resolvt-J li.at Flemish should be taugLt in rdi educational establishments, tljjii, all Belgian army officers should lie obliged t« pass an examination in that language, and tbat Brussels should be enrolled among tbe Flemish communes. A -Kew Act — A young woman found m a filthy condition in London was charged with sleeping in the open air and having no visible means of subsistence. The magistrate advised her to take advantage of the new Act, which gave her the. power to go to :i board of guardians and say tbat sue wished to be washed and have her clothes disinfected. That would be done free of cost to her, and would not be regarded in the nature of parochial relief. 