FROM A TEC'S DIARY. FAIR ADS FALSE; OK, A LIFE FOE A LIFE. |1'30''<R ('e"Cej)'y you Buw d#s» these buildint And that ten minutes aftor the man fol lowed uttering vowe of vengestize 3 " " Yep, that is eo, Dyson." " And the man and the woman both die-, appeared near here 3 " " Yes ! And they must be in one of the homes, or else have made a bolt of it out in the fields at the bncit." " And, to discover if there is any mischief we must go over each of thctie half-built tenements ! " " That is our only plan ! " "What had we better do V Shall we wait for u little more light, or make a search at .once ? " "Well, the dawn is almost upon us now ; in another quarter of an hour it will be broad daylight," "So it will' ; and from what you have told me there's evidently something wrong between tliut man and woman whom you followed here, so we will just see if we can find either of them in tho buildings, Pipley 1 You are sure that the man dis appeared on tliis spot 3 " " Certain, Uyeon." " Very well. We'll look over the first, house in tho row. We never know after those Whitechapel horrors what guniu may bo going on, especially in a lonely half-built block such us this new grove." The two policemen who hud been con versing in Clio forecourt of one of some half-dozen villn-liko houses in coureo ol erection upon n plot of ground adjoining soine Holds in North London (tho pre cise neighbourhood for obviouB rousoiiB, as will bo seen later on, we auppress), now made their way into the first at ructure. This house, roofed in, and each Door near completion, took the constables some little timo to go over, and finding nothing to cause ulartn, it was almost with a sensation of rolief that they continued to prosecute their search in the other buildings, some n! which were but ltulf finished. Tho pair of them must have made theii wuy in at the front whon you missed them, unci gono right on out ut tho back into thi riokfiolds, Pipley ! You saw them both disappcur here 3 " " Yes ; the woman first, the man a few minutes ufter her." " And hearing his foul language ami threats you hastened in his footsteps 3" " Exactly -, and lost sight of him just u- ' you came up." ".Well, there is something wrong, J .fancy; 1 don't like your account of the matter ! " " I was startled, Dyson, when tho young woman rushed by ; she was, too, stylishly dressed, as pretty a woraiui as I have aeon for some time ; she was white as a ghost, and racing a though for her life." " She said nothing to you ; did not ask your help 3 " " No, she flew by ; apparently wild with torror." " And the man came soon after her 3 " " Yet," " And you heard him uttering threats? " "Yes ; as he rushed past mo I heard him say, " You jade, I'll stop your game." " A funny bit of business ! No cry for help, or sound of any kind. Well, we will just look out at the back of this last of the row, a mere carcase, und give our report in when we get to the station 1 It has gont five I " " Yes, and a beautiful morning ; the sun is just rising. How sweet that hawthorn smells ! Pity all that hedge of it should be destroyed," exclaimed the young constabh Pipley, as having now, with his comrade, mudo his way into the field at the rear ol the buildings, he strolled towards a thick hedge of hazel and hawthorn at the bottom of the plot of land on which the villas wori being erecetod. " flood heavens, Dyson, look at thai . tank ! " Seizing his companion by tho arm, the youngest of the two police here drew idi comrade's attention to a large tank stand ' ing near the hawthorn hedge— a square, heavy, zinc vessel used by the labourers and full of water utmost to the brim; A simultaneous ory of horror now escaped from the constables, wiio, for u moment, stood as though petrified staring at the tunk — the tank, rising up out of wliioh wori tho urmB of a woman, the hands olonched, and raised upwards to the skies ! "As I feared, a foul murder has been .done, and perhaps.enuoted while we stood close at hand, "said Pipley. Keepering from his fright, tho constuble Dyson now durlod forwards, Ids comrade, with a shudder, following close beside him. In a moment both were leaning over the tank with frenzied oyes, glaring at what was -within. ' . Doubled up, as though thruso down with utmost force, was tho body of a young woman, half sitting, half kneeling, us slio had been jammed into the receptacle. Tho face of the poor thing was turned towards tho skies, the staring eyes fixed and glazed and looking torrible just beneath the sur face of the water upon which her long and beautiful fair hair floated' like a gossamer web of fine gold, " Wha-a-t lias she gob in her left hand, Dyson 3 " gasped the younger of thoHo awe- stricken men. " A tuft of course red hair, and part of n man's neektie.Pipley. Please Heaven tliosa tilings may help justice in traoking down her assassin." " The man I saw, Dyson. I could swear to that neoktio ; it was flying loose from Ids ' vest as he dashed by mo, its gaudy pattern I could hot mistake ; dark though it was I noticed the Uaming red and yellow and bright blue." & " Well, this will be a job for Detective- sergeant Winslow ; he'll hunt the murderer down, I'll warrant ; bub do you go, Pipley, and give the alarm, I'll stay here." " All right, I shan't be many minutes 3 " said the young constable, who, pale und nervous (for he had been but a short time in the force) now darted away, leaving his ' more stoio companion walking up and down near the terrible tank and its grisly con tents. There was. ol course, a good deal of com- (mi-nt and wonderment expressed by the Press and public about the Giovo Murder, as it was called, tliore being nut tho slightest idea ns to who was the assassin. It was at the closo of the second week following the fearful crime that the mal.lor wa placed in my hands — llietuft of red liuir und gaudy nocktio, Willi the scrup of u torn letter, my only oluos. Now as to the hair, ns J snld to con stables Pi ploy and Dyson when 1 niot.tliom at tho Yard, there was - very littlo to bo gained by that. Thousands upon thousands of well-to-do, good, honest, and moral citizens of our- modern Babylon were possessed ' of red hair. Then, agtiin, tho necktie wns a, very showy ufluir, such us might be worn by a betting. man or a fust youth of the day. Ilut the fow lines of writing puzzled me, though at, the same time giving mc hope. Another incident, tho, in connection wltii this cruel mtirdor ; robbory hud evidently not been its object, two liiiiidsoino rings and a gold watch and chain being found upon tho body, though there win no purse. or u single coin. . - - . Tho idoa promulgated by many was this, That the inurdororliad boon disturbed in his fell. deed by learning the vicinity of the, two constables, whom he niuy iiuve caught sight of, or lieurd talking, At tho inquest it was discovered that the- poor young lndy iind been half strangled and then thrust into the tunk of water, Tito mat Its of liar murderous assuilunb wore pointed out by the surgeon— a bluo livid ring round llio fair wliito tlirout, together with tho torn, jugged spots whore tho lingor nails of tho eruel inurdoror had been buried in the fiosli. Tho scraps of pupur handod to mo by Constubie Dyson I lie latter had picked up just beside the tunk ; every search hud been mudo for tho missing por tion but; without any result. Nothing moro was found, nnd with this tnougre clue I was set to work to hunt down tlio murderer of that poor girl, done so cruelly to death that bright May morning. I wns fairly puzzled over this job, for 1 wns convinced tliut I hnd somewhere before seen tho features of' that dead girl when 1 looked in ut the inquest. In vuin, however, I tried to recall the whon and where. Wlmt with this idea and the mysterious paper, I got fuirly dozed over the matter I conned over the torn letter until 1 grow- more irritated than 1 hud ever been when onguged in a far more dilllcult and hopeless task, for the few lines were n fair eniginu I in vain tried to solve, and yet I felt assured if I could- only gather their mouiiing it would sorvo me as a clue. Very obscure and vague, indeed, were tho fow lines of the turn epistle, which ran thus ' Dear .Miss D Everyday at 11 Mi. 1 L'riuco Charming I oa -loo can also have Turn same night bub , Him awuy. I'll wire ! Now, hore was a puzzle ; and the more I studied it the more nervous and irritable I became, getting myself into' a perfect 'fever of excitement, for us I have intimated .1 tvas certain that if I could tilT in tlio miss ing words the game would very likely be in my hands. Buminatingund cogitating over tho busi ness, I was walking along tho Strand on the Monday fortnight after - tho Grove murder whon J, reaching - the doors ot tiie Gaiety Theatre, had to turn off tho path way in consequence of the crowd waiting the opening of the doors, " How fond are a certain .portion of the public of burles que:!". I-exclaimed to a, young follow of mv acquaintance whom I shortly after came across at the corner, of (Juthorinc-streot ; and then, as he with u laugh said, "" Yes, you see, Winslow, pretty women show up so well in pink tights and burlesque attire," I almost gave u shout ; his words had put mo on the scent. Prince Charming was some burlesque part ; the murdered woman wns some actress without a doubt, and I now remembered where I hud seen the poor woman. I lmd mot her upon more than one occasion in Bow-street, and hud admired the rodutidanay of her rich luburn Ituir and beautiful features Hastily bidding my acquuinlunco good night, f at once inude my way to the old Harp Tavern, where 1 thought 1 might glesn a little information from an old brokon-down pro to whom I had occasion ally given a shilling far a slight service ill the pust. Upon gaining tho tavern, I found I was rather too ourly for old. Harry Mont fort, and, culling for a glass of whisky und soda, I meclinnically took up the previous Satur day's "Encore," and was leisurely glancing at its eontents, when I was startled . by the following advertisement in the " Wanted" column : " Lady to join at once for Prince Charm ing Touring Company. ' Write or wire to George Sylvester, Theatre Koyal, Ports- month." This was enough for me, and, with no deeiro now to meet my old theatrical Iriond .drinking up my liquor, hurried on, and having in my pocket tlio necessary funds, calling a ' cab made at once for Waterloo, just aatchiuguu express for Portsmouth, and at liulf-paat nine, in u high state of ex- aibamont, was at the 'stage door of tho llioutro. Can I see Mr. Sylvester 3" I interroga ted of a burly door-keeper, who jumped oil his seat as 1 strode in. " What ia you business, sir 3 The bur- lesquo is on." " But 1 suppose Mr. Sylvester is here 3 " f exclaimed. '' " Of course he is,. He is stage manager, and lie is on ut tho prompt." " Very 'well, givolihn my curd ; tell him I wisii to have a fow minutes' converse." " Very good, sir ! Hallo, S tuoey, you're n ob going to do your turn to-night, are you old man 3 " - - ' : " And why nob! I'll do it if I break my nook I By. all the devils there's the blue face again I " With a rush, knooking down the Btage door keoper in iiis progress, the man here dashed through a door loading bo the stage, I was now fairly on thesoen't, Tilings wero approaohing u crisis, for the mail Who had just 'disappeared, I perceived, wore round his nook a gaudy tie, ; a portion of which was missing, whilst his massive head, I diecerned, was covered with a thick orop of unkempt; course rod hair. ".Who is that man 3" I aske'd as the door keeper, with u rueful face, stuggered to bis feet. "Who Is he 3 . Why,, Joe.Stuoey, the strong man. He'll never do his turn to night, he has had the D T'a these last three days." "I thought I gave your orders not to admit tjlacey ! " A slim, Imndeomo, showy young mun at tills moment appeared ut the door through which the oxoited and inebriated strong man liuddirappcurel u few moments before. " I couldn't help it, Mr. Sylvester; this gcntlomuu saw liini knock mo down." " Yes. that is correct ; but teit mo is this your -writing 3 " I here, drawing to the side of the stage manager, held up before liiih the scrap of the letter that had so puzzled me. "That, iscortaiuly pnit of a nobo of mine ! How did you oome by it ! Bub just stop with me into my loom," exclaimed tlio inilnugur, wiio grow pule und disturbed in his manner as I handod him lay curd. In another five minutes I was seated with the young follow in a littlo privute room otf tlio singe. - . " 1 think l oan -futliom the moaning of your presence here : something in connec tion with .Slucoy's missing wife, I suppose." " Hie Wife 1 " 1 exclaimed, us, going to a table, tlio manager, opening u drawer, took from it a copy of a lotlcr. whicli he handod over to, me "for porusiii,. the contents of which ran thus , T.R., Portsmouth, I May 15, '74. : Doer Miss D'Albort, tei Everybody .at 11, Monday. I've cast you for I'rinco Charming. I' enclose parti Joe can also hare a shop and take ills : turn tome night, but if you want him uway I'll wire him I'm full up. " And you sent this noto to a Miss D'Albort, Mr. Sylvestor," 1 exclaimed. " Yes ! She's Joe's wifo, you know 3 " " Was, you mean ! " I here oxpluined to tile ustonished young malinger what had reully taken plnce, nnd that 1 lmd little doubt that Mr. Joe Stacoy had murdered his young'wifo. " Gutnl heaven., how dreadful ! " said Svlvestor, " 1 hoard of the terrible affair, tint of course hud no idea tliut it was my loading burlesque lady. Joe was very jeuloue of her, and 1 know there was a young follow, a stockbroker, was fair gone on her, und so whs tho poor girl on him ; und Juo found liei out I expect Oh, here lie his 1 for goudnesH sake get liirn away without disturbance ! " " Don't you funk it, Sylvester ! I've heard part of your putter ;. this gent is n 'tec, I kauw. All right, I'll go quietly, und tho sooner all is ut an end the better. Come on, officer, I don't want the irons, 1 won't slopo. I've done it." Tlio wretched man, a big, burly giant of u follow, hore, placing his arm within my own, drew mo out of tho room, and presently ufter, with two or tlirco local police wulking behind, I was procooding with him to the railway station. " Look hero, sergeant, I'm guilty ; I so tiled her ! Sho was a bad 'un i I've watched her for weeks pnsb, and time night 1 caught her with her swell ; going in his house she was; ho escaped me, slumming, his door in iny f-ico ; sho inude a bolt of it, . and, losing him, I wont for : her. "'I ran' ii'or down at tlut half-built house, and I strangled thejude, and put her in the tank! " Othello sinothefod his wifo, and 1 strangled mine : he killed himself, but must dio modern fashion, with a rope round my neck." It was in vuiu I had cautioned the un fortunate . mnu . tlmt all he said would be afterwards repeated by the prosecution against him. Ho only, in a thick, hoarse voice' of rago, as ho" recalled his wife's in fidelity, explained how ho had done her to death. Arriving ut the station, whilst one of tho local officers was procuring tickets i kept a sharp watch upon my prisoner, for I did not like the seared look in his eyes, and as ho suddenly bounded from my side was in a moment ufter him, but loo lato to pre vent un uwful catastrophe. With his urms thrown up high, he made a fearful leap full in front of an express truin, with u wild, ear.pioreing yell, shouting : "The blue face, tho bright eyes, they are liero, there,, und everywhere ! " Then there was a roar as the train passed over liim, tlio unfortunate man being picked up five minutes uftorivards mangled and cut to piocos. Ho had given a life fur a lifo, though I think that hud ho stood iiis trial lie would not liavo, under the 'circum stances, received the death penalty. 