*£itefflP]f 9lote$, €te.\ 'The Life ancl Letters of Sir Charles Etallo,' edited by his son and daughter, and mblishcd by Smith, Elder, and Co., contains some good stories. Hallo was once conductor d£ a small orchestra which was playing ' Don aiovanni.' ' In tho first act, when the Com mendatore steps out of his house to cliastiso Don Giovanni, and gets killed for liis pains, instead of being accompanied by servants with torches, he only carried a candle, which lie let fall when drawing his sword. This unfortu nate candle kept burning on the ground in dangerous proximity to tho side scenes, but nobody perceived it except; cno uuuu wum mendatore, who, being the director of the company and proprietor of all the scenery, &c.;, tried in his anxiety, by grunts and whis pers, to draw the attention of somebody to tho impending danger, and, not succeeding, de liberately sat up. put the candle out with a wotted finger, and lay down again, dead as before.' A choice first edition copy of Izaak Wal ton's ' Compleat Angler,' put up to auction at Sotheby's (a small volume, measuring only 5|in. by 3-jin.),'was knocked down for £415. Mr. J. M. Barrie, the novelist, says ' There are writers who can plot out their story beforehand as clearly as though it were a railway journey, and adhere throughout to their original design ! but I was never one of those. I spend a great deal of time, indeed, in looking for the best road in the map, and mark it with red ink ; but at the first by-path, off my characters go. 'Come back,' I cry, ' you are off the road !' 'We prefer this way,' they reply. I try bullying. ' Yon are only people in a book,' I shout, ' and it is my book, and I can do what I like with you, so coma back !' But they seldom come, and it ends with my plodding after them.' A reader of Mr. Jerome K. Jerome's ' Three Men in a Boat' has discovered that the book contains a passage which, though printed as prose, scans after the fashion of Longfellow's 'Hiawatha': — But the river, chill and weary, With the ceaBelesa raindrops falling On its brown and sluggish water, With, the sound as of a woman , Weeping low in some dark chamber While the woods all dark and silent Shrouded in their mists of vapour, Stand like ghosts upon the margin — Silent ghosts with eyes reproachful (Like the ghosts of evil action — 'v Like the ghosts of friendB neglected)— Is a spirit haunted water, Through the lands of vain regrets. Mr. Jerome, when -written to, assumed that at tho time of writing the passage it was Ms intention to obtain the result pointed out, '? although when one is in the vein one un consciously drops, Silas Wegglike, into metre.' 'Alroy,' one of the least read of Disraeli's novels, is poetic prose almost from beginning to end. A story of ' turning the tables' is told by Colonel Pollok in 'Fifty Years' Reminiscences of India' (Arnold) : — ' H., of the 80th, had struck his matey boy in the presence of wit nesses. The native took out a summons against his master, who was fined, by the cant onment magistrate. Such a thing as a native hauling up his master for a blow was un heard of in those days, and H. bided his time. He said nothing,' and kept the boy on as if nothing had happened. One day when his servant brought him his early cup of tea, H. jumped out of bed, and, fastening tho door, said, ' You iafernal blackguard ! I'll teach you to haul me tip before a magistrate ; there are no witnesses, and I'll give you a d ? d good thrashing.' The man pretended to cry, wiping his eyes on bis ? sleeve, and blubbered out, ' Master sure no witnesses got ?' i' Quite sure,' replied H. 'Then,' said the | matey boy, dropping all pretence, ' I give i master one big hiding,' and to his astonishment walked into him in fine style. H. had not a chance ; his boy was far stronger and a far better bruiser, and knocked his master into a cocked hat. H. was on the point of crying peccavi when he bethought him that he had on a pair of stout shoes, so as a last resource he kicked up, caught the man in a very tender part, and doubled him up. Just then two of us came up to see H. ; the door was burst open, and a native rushed out, writhing in agony, howling, ' Master not fight fair ; done kick me there !' ' ' A Publisher,' writing to The Times, com plains that bad spelling by authors is on tho increase. The amusing thing is that he winds up with bad spelling himself. ' Are we in the midst of ' an epidemic of bad spelling? That is tho question which has been perplex ing me of late, for the number of people wl-o write misspelt letters and offer for publication, misspelt works of fiction seems to bo steadily on the increase. Within a few hours, on the day I write this. I havo read two letters and chatted with the author of a novel. Both the letters and the novel are disfigured by bad spelling. Tho novelist in question is a lady who is really a woman of culture, but she confesses that sho cannot spell, 'and a special reviser will have to bo employed to correct the proofs of her book. The two letters I mentioned are both from authors. One of them hails from Scotland, and has concocted a rather telling letter, only stumbling over the word frontespieco until tlio end is reached, when he shows the cloven hoof in the expres sion, clearly written, ' exceed to my request.' This gentleman writes, ' P. S.A.Scot !' after liis name. My other correspondent writes to offer for publication ' a story of entreagues and adventure.' For the past twenty years I have had thousands of letters a year from more or less educated people, and I am struck with the prevalance (sic) of badly-spelt letters of late.' The explanation in the case of literary men sometimes is that through over- exercising their brain they occasionally lose the power of spelling automatically, and when they re quire to think how a word should bo written the memory plays pranks with them. Sir Richard Burton, according to a writer in tho London Standard, when asked what creed he professed, made this reply; — ' I profess no creed, but if you asked me what I am, I would say more nearly a Mohammedan than anything else. There is something sterling in that religion. They do what they profess, which is moro than most Christians do.' Burton, during his long service as British consul in Syria, &c.;, became an ac complished Arabic scholar, and once made the pilgrimage to Mecca, disguised as a' Moham medan, from Afghanistan. Under the title- of the ' Cambridge Modern History,' Lord Acton, theregius professor, has undertaken (says The Times ) to edit for the Syndics of the Cambridge University press a comprehensive history of modern times, which will consist of 12 volumes of about 700 pages cach, beginning with the Renaissance. Bach subject will be assigned to a competent specialist, and the following distribution of sub jects has already been provisionally made : — Tho Bishop Designate of London will con tribute an Introduction on the Outcome of the Middle Ages, Mr. H. Brown will 'write on ] 'Venice, Professor Jcbb on the Humanists, Dr. Fairbairn on Reformation Sects, Mr. James j Gairdner on the Early Tudors, Mr. Sydney Lee on Elizaboth, Major Hume on Philip II., Professor Gardiner^aud Mr. FirMi nn flm T7fli Century, Mr. Lecky on the Reign of George tV., Lord Wolseley on Napoleon in Egypt, Mr. Thomas Hodgkin on Italy, Professor Bury on tho Ottoman Conquest, Professor Michael Poster on the History of Scientific Ideas, Mr. R. H. Hutton on Masters of Modern Thought, Professor Laugliton on the Armada, Professor Douglas on China, Sir Alfred Lyall on India, Mr. Payne on the Discovery of America, Pro fessor Sidgwick on English Philosophers of the 17tli Century, Dr. Cunningham on Economic History, Professor Flint on The ories of the Philosophy of History, Sir F. Pollock on Results of International Law, Sir D. Mackenzie Wallace on Modern Russia, Mr. J. R. Thursfield on the Evolution .of the Naval Arm, and Sir George Clarke on the Crimean War and on Egypt since 1881. Napoleon is the subject of a new book — 'Napoleon's Opera-glass, an Histrionic Study,' by Low Rosen (London, Elkin Mathews). Mr. ? Rosen deals with Napoleon as an actor. The celebrated man was always acting. The well known' scene between him and the Pope at Fontainebleau is thus described : — ' Napoleon met an obstinate opponent to some of his pre tensions in Pope Pius VII. The Emperor, accordingly, had the Pontiff brought from Rome to Fontainebleau, and in the chateau at that place occurred the interview vivified by the poetic art of Alfred de Vigny. We are told that during that historic meeting Napo leon raged and stormed as he paced the polished floor, while Pius VH. sat in a large eagle-studded chair, attentive and calm. Na poleon mado promises, threats, and boasts. Pius VII. simply answered with one word, ' Commediante !' Napoleon overheard the word, and was furious. ' Comedian ! I, a Comedian!' he exclaimed. 'Ah, I will give you comedies such as will make you all cry like women and children ! Comedian ! Ah, you are mistaken, if you think to get the better of mo by insolent coolness ! My theatre is the world! The part I play is that of manager and author. As Comedians I engage all of you — popes, kings, peoples ! The thread by which I move you is — fear ! Comedian ! Ah, it would take a better man than you are to daro to applaud or to hiss me !' Pius VII. moved uneasily in tho chair for a moment, and then he checked the soldier's torrent of language with another word — ' Tragediante !' Napoleon sobered in an instant and continued in more subdued tones. ' Tis very true. Tragedian or comedian ! All is acting — all has been costnmed with me for a long time, and will bo so for ever ! What fatigue, what little ness ! Sitting, always sitting in full face for this party, in profile for that, according to tlieir notions. . ..... You see I am open-hearted with yon. I have plans for the lives of forty emperors. I form one overy morning and another every night. Life is to short to stand still.' ' 