THE REIGN : EDUCATION AND MANNERS. The place held by education in. the sixty years of the Queen's reign is both effect and cause. The inventions of the reign are to some extent the result of increasing knowledge ; but in the facilities they gave for travel they have been the direct creators of knowledge and what ' Is of yet more importance, they created athirst for knowledge on the part of the many whom they did not reach directly. In our own day we regard travel as an essential part of education,' and) even as its copestone ; It is impossible to dissociate the last sixty years' advance in men's acquaintance with the world and its peoples from the simultaneous advance in formal education. And it is, obvious that the advance made in every line of invention and discovery implies an intense specific education never before so widely diffused or so earnestly pursued. To this it may be added that the Reform Bill, in the responsibility which for the first time it laid upon the people, exerted a powerful educative influence. Still we are compelled to call in the "zeit ghost" in order fully to explain the amazing change which during the reign has passed over the general education of the people. Two years after the accession of Victoria, Lord Cockburn could still write that " the principle was reverenced as indisputable that the ignorance of the people was necessary to their obedience of Laws." There was cherished in those days a deeply-rooted and openly avowed dislike to the education of the poor, as hostile to the orderly subordination on which society rests. It was precisely the argument after wards used in America against the education of the slaves. Whether we have even yet shaken ourselves entirely free from the old prejudice may be questioned ; but everyone can see that, had 'it retained its old control, the progress, of the nineteenth century would have been blocked. Mr. R. Mackenzie, in his " Nineteenth Century," states that at its opening there (were only 3363 schools, public and private, in all England. Fifty years later they were 45 000. In ISIS only one person in seventeen of the population attended school in 1883 the proportion was one in eleven. The majority of the women of England and nearly the half of the men were for years afterwards unable to write their own names. The first vote of the Government for education, amounting to £20,000, was given to the National and the British and Foreign School Societies. In 1839 it was increased to £30,000 by a small majority... In 1851 the proportion of the population attending school had only risen to one in eight. Alongside week school education we should put that of the Sunday" schools, which shows a wonderfully similar growth for the same period and is of course due entirely to voluntary effort. In the earlier years of the reign, strange to say, this question of education mixed itself up with religious exclusiveness The great Universities of England were regarded as the appanage of the Established Church, and the sons of dissenters were rigidly excluded. Redress of the grievance was claimed from the first formed Parliament in vain. In these days it is scarcely credible that," up to the year 1871, the sons of dissenters were still in England (it was altogether otherwise in Scotland and, Ireland) excluded from the Universities. Perhaps it was felt that, after the great forward movement taken in general education under Mr. Forster in 1876, it was impossible longer to maintain so conspicuous a wrong. Mr. Forster's scheme revolutionised the basis of education. It was no longer merely an extension of help to those who chase, either as churches or private individuals, to educate the people. It laid on the existing local authorities the responsibility of discovering the state of education within their (bounds. Any deficiency in provision was to be made good by local taxation, supplemented by Government grant Religious education of a general kind was to be given, with a conscience clause. Central authority with local management was the system of control. The School Boards had power to make attendance compulsory. So the nation at last set itself seriously to qualify its new governors-the people-for their duties. While in 1867 only 38 persons in a hundred could sign their names to the marriage register, in 1875 the number was RSL It has now risen close to the 100. From 1878 to 1892 there was an increase of a million and a-quarter on the attendance at primary schools. In regard to the present English legislation it may be held as an axiom that whatever tends to discourage the Board School system will be retrograde. With formal education we must bracket the growth and influence of the Press. Contributory causes were steam transport, the electric telegraph, and the penny post, the last adopted in 1839\. Under the operation of the fear already noticed touching the education of the people, paper had been taxed from three- halfpence to threepence per pound, and newspapers fourpence each copy. The effort of 1836 to release the newpapers by reducing the tax to a penny, though opposed with predictions of a " cheap and profligate Press," was speedily followed by its entire abolition. Then it was discovered that the people wanted the daily history of the world compiled and set before them every morning in newspapers. "When in 1851 the last block of the paper tax was swept away by Mr. Gladstone, the price of nearly all newspapers was reduced to a penny, and the reign of the daily Press set in. The resulting increase of newspaper issue and circulation was enormous. According to Mulhall the monthly issue in 1851 was 3,240,000 for the United Kingdom in 1890 it was 174,000,000. To put it otherwise, for each inhabitant during 1931 there were printed 1.7 newspapers, during 1896 there were printed 53. Sixty years ago each item in the population did not read two newspapers a year ; now he reads one every week. Newspapers consume in Britain 120,000 tons of paper yearly ; books about 40,000. The total consumption of paper rose from 83,000 tons in 1864 to 393,000 in 1885, and 220,000 in 1896. It need scarcely be said that the enormous advance made in printing machinery is due to the release from duty of paper and of journalism. Down to 1814 there was almost no improvement in the printing press, The "Times" In that year set up a press of German construction, steam driven, and giving £1,000. copies per hour. Now there are machines which turn out papers, cut and folded, at the rate of 25,000 copies per hour. If any fear remained as to the " profli- gate" results of this enfranchisement of the Press it was most marvellously dis- pelled by the event. The change of manners which has passed upon the people during the present reign has been wholly on the side of improvement. We are troubled enough with strong drink, with profanity, with indecency ; but the present addiction of the people to these vices is virtue itself compared with that of sixty years ago. We have still the fashion of drinking, but the fashion of drunkenness is gone, let us hope never to return. When her Majesty ascended the throne, hospitality itself demanded drunkenness in host and guests. No entertainment was successful till somebody present had dropped insensible from his chair and every well- regulated household possessed " the boy that loosens the necker- chiefs, sir." Funeral parties, it is said, were sometimes unable to perform the last oranges through drunkenness, and left the coffin on the road to the church- yard. The profane swearing, which is now the constant habit of a few, and the practice in what are considered provocative circumstances of many more, was then the common form of speech. A general coarseness of manners prevailed. Gentlemen swore with each other for emphasis, and at their inferiors as a mark of authority. The orator at the Bar, the Judge on the Bench, interlarded their speeches with oaths. The " first gentlemen in Europe" swore incessantly. We make laws now against indecent publications. But the indecencies which were thought permissable and acceptable in the books of the early century are without parallel in our present index Expurgatorius. They affect us now, when duty or accident throws us across them, like an electric shock. Sir Walter Scott tells of an old lady to whom he lent the works of a female novelist of some reputation. She returned them saying they were too coarse for her perusal, though she remembered hearing them in her youth read aloud to admiring audiences of ladies and gentlemen. Let us in this matter give honour where honour first is due. That the coarseness of the Georges and of William IV. should be followed by the nameless lives and manners of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert was to a large extent the nation's deliverance. It was impossible not to feel its purifying power, or to maintain the old manners and practices in the face of it The earlier authors of the Tcign, among whom Scott himself stands conspicuous, loyally supported it. j And yet it may be said with truth that for the permanency of the influence, for its depth and power and world sweep, we are indebted chiefly to the popular education which was to over- turn the fabric of society, and to the freedom of literature from which a worse profligacy was feared. 