REVIEWS. m Paling & Co.'s " Christmas Annual" is this year once more a combination of new and old, and of vocal and instrumental music. Some popular Tivoli songs are given, backed up by such old favourites as " The village blacksmith," and Norah, the pride of Kildare," while the novel Dorothy Gavotte is varied by the veteran Washington Post March. Altogether it is a capital little portfolio of music, suitable for the season and its home festivities. British Columbia Board of Trade Report. -A copy of this Board's 19th annual report is to hand ; also a folder containing map and useful information as to where to outfit for and how to got to the Yukon goldfields. The report deals very fully with the vast resources of British Columbia. The folder is a special document issued for the purpose of counteracting misrepresentations of a section of the United States press, especially on the Pacific Coast, to divert into United States channels trade which legitimately belongs to Canada. The British Columbia Board of Trade is desirous of impressing the following facts :-(1) That the Yukon goldfields are in Canada ; (2) that goods purchased outside Canada are dutiable, 35 per cent, on many lines ; (3) that the merchants of the Western Canadian cities make a specialty of the northern trade, that is, minors' outfits ; (4) that after January 1 steamers for the northern goldfields will leave Victoria, B.C., averaging one every day. Any readers desiring copies of the report and folder will be supplied upon application to Mr. F, Elworthy, the secretary. I-Li" 1 -? 3 ON THE TRAIL OF A GHOST."-"CB." sends the following information to The Times's have just returned from Bal- goblin House after a tenancy of three months, and probably some of your readers may like to hear my experience of this so called ' haunted house.' I had arranged to rent this place before the correspondence of lost Jane appeared in The Times, otherwise I certainly should not have been the tenant, for although I do not believe in ghosts myself, you cannot answer for your servants or visitors, who may decline to sleep in a house with such a reputation. I went there with the determination to investigate any unusual noise, should they occur, feeling sure I should find a simple and natural explanation without having recourse to the supernatural, but there has been nothing whatever to investigate! Neither have my family, my servants, or my guests been disturbed by noises of any kind in fact, I never slept in a quieter or more comfortable Sense. I am afraid this collapse of the ' haunted home ' theory will be a disappointment to the Psychical Research Society; but, be that as it may, I feel convinced, from all I saw and heard at Balleohin, that the silly stories related by some of your correspondents were simply UM outcome of practical jokes' and disrated imaginations,' 