Chitchat. An article in one of the magazines gives a formidable list of literary men who have held positions in America's foreign service. The list includes Washington Irving; Nathaniel Haw thorne, in 'bis English consulship-; Bayard Taylor, ntSt. Petersburg ; Lew Wallace*, a* Oonstatrtnopls; George ■Bancroft, 4Mm Lothnn* Motley, James Russell Lowell, *ud Jaliu. Hay, at>la>n «toy ; William D. Hbwells,' at -Venice ;■ Bret Hart, at Glasgow ; Jdhu Bigeh)V<v in Franco. Those are the more enil went example*. Then there was Theo <lore 8. Fry, who had. a considerable reputation as a novelist Jn his day, long jierviug a» minister to Switzerland. Andrew D. White, juat appointed minister to Germany, is one of the most eminent of American scholars and authors. How many literary men (asks Hie "Westminster Gazette") has Eng land thus honoured ? According to the " Athenaeum," Dr. ftmUe* has recovered so completely from the serioro? accident with which he met a.year ago as to 'have been able to pre pare another work for publication, TWrioh. \rlll be similar in. character to rbe " Belf-help M aerie* ■ According to the- "Academy," Mr. ijonan Doyle was askedto finish * St. Ives.'* On bis-refusing the task it w«» Handed to Mr. Quitter Couch. "; ''MeMra. Jarroldand Sons will putjltali HUbr-tyy two'new. novels. Oiie, entitled , "My Bonuie Lady," is by Leslie Keith, flhe author of " Llstoeth" and other Mtorics ; the other is " Mm. Wylde," a tale of modern society by Linda <3ar diner, author of " The Hound of a, Voice." " Tlh> Jubilee Book of Cricket is the title Chosen by Prince RanjitsJahji for Ms volume oil England's national game, which Messrs. Black wood and Sons are to publish. Besides being a history of •jrteket, considerable space in the work will be devoted to 'the author's own ex perlencei?. A special feature will be the illustrations, a hundred of them toeing full-page plates. Mrs. Frances Loekwood Green, whose "book, " Waited Sepulchres," is pub- Itched by Messrs. Saxon and Co., Is a cousin of 'Mr. Rudyard KlpHng. " Wliited Sepulchres" is a first effort. • Messrs. Longmans have nearly ready Mr. Andrew Lang's "Modern My thology," while in the -press Is another •wtorfc by the same author entitled "A Book of Dreams and Ghosts," in which "Icelandic, Chinese, and Highland ghosts are criticised" and many modern stories of the supernatural given at flrst liand. Among the books which Messrs. Longmans have in preparation or in the press is Dr. George M'Donald's new volume entHled " Rainpollo." Mr. R. D. Blackuiore, the author of * Lorna Doone," was 72 in June. He was born at Longworlb, Berks*, and educated at Tiverton and Exeter Col lege, where he graduated B.A. in 1847. Ho was called to the Bar at the Middle Temple In 1862, and practised as a con veyancer, but made a noted entry into literature in the sixties with "Lorna Doone." In addition to some fourteen volumes of fiction, Mr. Bkuikraorc Iras published poems and translations of Virgil. Mtes Beatrice Harraden, the author of "Ship* that Pass in the Night" and "Hilda Stratford," is 33. She was born In 1804, and as a child was more studi ous than was good (says a writer in the "Young Woman"), spending her time •over books of philosophy about which she ought not to have bothered her young 'head. It is amusing to hear that *he then looked upon fiction with dis dain, and left novels severely alone, ex cepting Those of the Wizard, Sir Walter, who fastened upon her mind, as he does upon all imaginative children. Messrs. Black wood refused " Ships that Pass in the Night," because they thought it too mid to please the public taste. Finally •Miss HaiTaden disposed of the copy right to Messrs. Lawrence and Bullen for a mere trifle—glad, indeed, to get it published at any price. We understand that a biography of PYoJfcissov Huxley Js being prepared by Jtfs eon, Mr. Leonard Huxley, who now lias the work very well advanced. .Mr. : Horace Cox has published a new ftud revised edition of Mr. Charles Dlxbn's handsome, and exhaustive work on "The Migration of Bird*" The book, which Is modestly described by the author as "an attempt to reducu avlne season-flight to taw." was published nearly five years ago by 'Meesiw. Chapman and Hall, and con siderable attention was drawn to it at toe time. " Ulysses S. Grant, and the Mainte nance of American: Nationality, 1822 -1885," by Will!ain Conant Church, late 'Lieutenant-Colonel, U.S.A., will find an ewrly place in the "Heroes of the 'Nations" series. It will be followed by "The Ckl Campeador, and the Waning of the Crescent in the West." by Mr. VI. Bttler Clarke, and "Robert E. Lee and the Southern Confederacy, 1807- JfW," by Professor Henry Alexander IWlitte, of Wa.slilngton and Lee Univet -otj. ,iA romantic. drama, adapted from ■dna LyalTs pofiolar nor*\\. Vln the Golden Day*,'* by' Mr.'Edwin Gilbei't, io in preparation for early production at the Matinee Theatre, Langhain-place, W. , The Roxburghe Press has Just Issued the first of the new " HLator'cal Women" series entitled " Victoria, Queen and Eraprees," by Mr, Richard Davey, the autlior of " The Sultan and lite Subjeeta," recesfly iMAMshed W M«esn>. - I ,'bapman and Hirli. Later volumes Ml the .'series will bo ." Marie vStuart," '"Queen- Anne," "Florence .Vlghtlngale," °" Lucrefia' Borglai". " Marie Antoinette," and " Joan of Arc." Mr. Fisher Unwin i» aboait to begin the issue of a series of ten volumes li which the etory of the expansion of the Empire will be narrated. Major Martin A. S. Hume will contribute the flrat of these, a biography of " Sir Walter Ralegh" (so Major' Hume spoils hi^ hero's name). Among the other volumes •will be " Sir Thomas Maltland ; the Mastery of the Mediterranean," by Mr. Walter Frewen Lord ; " John Cahot a«d hi« Soiw; the Discovery of North. America," by Mr. C. Raymond Beazley ; " Lord Clive ; the Foundation of British Rule in India." by Sir A. J. Arbnthnot ; "Edward Gibbon Wakefield; the ColonWcatlon of' South Australia and New Zealand," by Dr. R. Garnett; and "Rajah Brooke; the Englishman «s Ruler of an Eastern State,", by Sir Spencer St. John. Warren Hasting* will also have a p/laee. The series Js en titled "Builder* of Greater Britain,"" and under the-general editorship of Mr. H. F. Wilson, Mr. Chamberlain's pri vate aecretary. Her Majesty haa gra ciously accepted the dedication. Mr. F. Hopkinson Smith, the clever American who contrives to combine the professions of authorship and civil en gineering, and whose latest works have been published in England by Messrs. Macnnlllan and Co., has Just finished a new novel entitled " Cakfb West, Master Diver." It will appear serially in " The Atlantic Monthly," probably In October, and be publMied as a book in the spring of next year. Alexandra Dumaa. the younger, to shortly to hay* his statue online Place Mftlesherl>e» In Paris. Subscriptions are already being collected for the purpose, and as Dumas to a household name in France, it should be less difficult to radse- tlie money than it has unfortu nately been in the case of many other distinguished Frenchmen. 