PORT KEMBLA HARBOR. Discussion in the Assembw. ( Continued.) ^ Mr. Black: Neither jetty is, in my opinion, likely to be sufficientfor roquiremontsof such a trade as we are asked to believe is about to be conducted over it. So that, al' hough the Government might resume theBe jetties at theBe extravagant sums, it would, with out doubt, at once proceed to remove them, in order to replace them with something better. Someone may say, ' Why not leave those jetties standing, and put others in another place The reasoo is that those two jetties occupy the best position within the shelter. In addition to thoso items, there will be two unloading berths of 100 feet each, which will cost £1,725 ; there will be a ballast retaining wall at a cost of £1,400 ; there will be the cost of dredging to ? depth of 24 feot at low water £6,700 ; a jetty 500 feet long, £6,250; cranes, etc., £1,500; a railway on the j- tty £1,000; aad . sundries £925. Then there is , a sum of £135,000 for the construction of the eastern breakwater. In my opinion and in the opinion of members of the committee who voted for this proposal, this is an under-estimate, and the aum should be at least £200,000. A great deal of the difference between the largec and the smaller sum depends on tho 'distance at -which stone suitable for the purpose of erecting a breakwater is to be found. When the committee visited Kembla, they were shown a small hole on the side of a hill, and were told that, although the stone there did . not look very promis ing, if they went deep . enough they would find stone of a very much hotter quality, and in other ways suitable for the purpose. But, so far as I oould porceive, there was neither stone there, nor was there stone of a good enough quality. It ap peared to me to be stone whioh the wash of the ocean would very soon crumble to pieces and sweep away. In addition ts the i'ems already mentioned, it will be necessary to connect Port Kembla by railway with the southern line, and it is proposed to conneot at a point near Wollongong, and run a line down the coast by the Tom Thumb Lagoon at a cost of something like £20,000. la addition to that, it will be necessary for the Government unless they wish to pay haulage rates to the collieries companies, to resume the railway lines which connect the collieries with tho railways. For instance, you could not expect the proprietors of the Mount Kembla colliery to permit coal from Coal Cliff, Bellambi, and other collerieB to be brought down by the Government railway to Port Kembla, and then to be rnn over their privately-constructed line without charge for haulage and wear and tear. Therefore, the Government will be com pelled to resume all these railway linrs, which will be an additional item of cost. I do not know how much that will ba, but I think the estimate is about £10,000. There will also inevitably be a large sum of money expended on buoys, moorings, tugs, boats, boatmen's quarters, signal station, light house, etc. I venture to say that these will cost not lesB than £50,000, and probably a great deal more. Two or three tug-boats, at a cost of from £11,000 to £15,000 each, wiil absorb the larger portion of the £50,000 whioh I have set down for all these items. Then there is a sum of £8,000 for engineering and supervision. It bas been recommended also that there should be a resumption of 680 acres of land, which belongs, I fanoy, to the oolliery pro prietors in the neighbourhood, and which has no great commercial value except on account of its position. It li chiefly sand and rocks, and is not suitable for any earthly purpose except to sell to the Government for about £50 an acre. Mr. McMillan : Why should the Govern ment give £50 an acre for it ? Mr. Black : Well, I will put it down at £10. Mr. McMillan; Why should they give anything more than its value ? Mr. Black ; Because they usually do. Mr, McMillan : They do not ! Mr. Black : The hon. member has a bad memory. Mr. MoMillan : The Government has had the best of the bargain of late years ! An Hon. Member ; Mr. Vickery values the land at £25 an acre. 1 Mr. Black : I venture to say the Govern ment are not likely to give less than £ 10 an acre for it. With all these items, and 'there are some others which I have not included, I find the total coat is about £265,000. I have not included such Items as the land which would have to be re sumed for the quarrying of stone, and several other things of a like character. If you have an expenditure of £265,000 I suppose the money «ill be borrowed. By the time you get it here, and pay brokerage and other charges, it will cost you pretty nearly.fi ve par cent. To the interest on the money must be added the cost of mainten ance, Eind tbe cost of carrying on all the operations of conveying the coal to the harbor and loading it, including the wages of the men who work the railway trains, the cost of the locomotives and rolling stock, the wear and tear of the tug-boats, and lighthouse, and the wages of the men em ployed in all these departments.' 1 venture to say we shall have an annual expenditure in that direction of something like £1 0,000. If you expend £300,000, the interest will be from £12,500 to £15,000 per annum, and this added to the £10,000, coat of mainten ance and management, will represent from £22,500 to £25,000 per annum as the cost of this harbor to the people of the country. Against that, . taking the most sanguine estimate that 1,000,000 tons of coal- per »nnum win- oe snipped at tnis port, and fixing.tho oharge for shipment at 4d. per ton, which Is more than some of the owners are prepared to pay, you will have a return of £16, »75, or a loss per annum of about £10,000 to the people of the country. I have a note here — and I have not been able to find , where I got it— that tbe output from tha southern collieries, whioh went by water in 1895, was 220,000 tons. \- Mr. M'Millan : It is about 500,000 tons ! Mr. Black : The average I have put down is about 500,000 tons, and I do not see how that output is going to be doubled because you construct an improved harbor at Mount Kembla. If you get a return of 4d per ton on 500,000 tons that will be £8,000 par annum, ora loss to the people of something like £16,000 on their expenditure. I think thab an expenditure of this character would be criminal. I have the utmost reapeot for tho other members of the onmmittee who formed a different opinion, but to me there is nothing in the proposal at all, except a desire to conciliate certain gentlemen who ought not to be conciliated, and who ought not to be considered before the people of this country. An hon. member f Who are they 1 Mr. Black : Everybody knows, except the hon. gentleman. Mr, M'Millan : Is that a fair charge against the other nine members of the com mittee ? I am not saying anything about the merits of the scheme ; but lam only asking if that remark of the hon. gentleman is fair ? Mr. Blaok : I say that I have every feijiMkfot tbeboaeiiy of tbe optaiom of the other members of the committee, sminat whom I make no oharge. If I speak atronalv it, is because, perhaps, I huva seen sj heard something which has been withheld I from the other members of the onmmittet I and, perhaps, I have had opportunity ol^ hearing things and sseing ihin«s which? they may not have seen and hesrd, IE intend to vote against this proposal at every' stage when the opportunity i8 offered to mo# I fibould h&VA; rPRAPVAiJ tYtcr 1 ?r the second reading had it not teoo for £ suspicion on my mind that I should not br here on that ocosion. I thought it mi* duty to give my view of the qua.tion t0 (hi House at this stage, because, whether the proposal is a good one or a bad ono thi ? more ventilation it has . the better lot thi members of tho House and tho bett»r for' the people of the country. I do not bcliev# m being mealy-mouthed over theBe nutien,-- I believe in speaking out honestly. I wooll ' sooner stand uoon' the floor nf and Bay what 1 think than lurk about th,.' lobbies and ante-rooms and make cored' hints. I do not believe in the schemo. !I believe it is wrong from the t»p t-th» bottom ; that no advantage can accrue froB*' it to the people of this country, and no per«' manent benefit even to the poople uf tht Illawarra distriot. * Mr. Ewing (Lismore) : I should not haw spoken :except that one of my respect*'- colleagues on the committee has somo statements which I think it right!t» reply to. | First of all, In providing a port,' not for tha capitalists, not for the benefit of Illawarra, but for the benefit of the whole mining community of the south ooaet, I 'do not think it is fair to characterise such an undertaking as a criminal procedure, I appeal to the hon. member for Woronon whether every miner working in the IUt warra coal-fields does not look to the hoa. member for Gipps Division for hi j support in btingiog into existence a scheme thit ? will give these working miners work, not i for two days in the week as at present, fat- j perhaps for the whole of the week ? 11 Iota prove that to be a fact then the hon. mem* j ber iB not doing a fair thing by this gnat working community when he characteriifc a scheme thab will give them conitiqE employment as a nefarious and criminal' procedure. |55| Mr. Black : The hon. member is begjlag the question. I suppose he would adrogi$J the employment of men in] the Dotaj^l cutting down the treoa ! Wi Mr. Ewing : I would not advocate a mR. of any'kind unlesB there was t letgitiajM return. Unless it can be proved th»ta greater trade and a fuller development m follow upon the construction of thisM the work is not justifiable. What aro. Jl reasons for the construction of a port ? proved beyond doubt th»t 326,000, OflJ £? of coal will go to the seaboard of Hla-n|l for shipment. The local value of thatM at present is £100,090,000. i'M An hon. member : Is that par weekorjaj century ?' t'm Mr. Ewing : I should like hon. menrtH . to be serious. This ia the basis of the «§? - business. If the coal is not to be tbijM at Illawarra, there iB no need for a hiBB Therefore, the coal measures of Illilvl are the basis of the whole business. |J9 An hon. member : Who gave ihesa'ljl mates? jfij Mr. Ewing ; It is the best Informaiiml could get from experts. I take it thitjll liament is interested in the cual meaiafH the country, and in the men who noiffl coal measures. Therefore I think thepjS member for Paddington will grant tfcljfl coal measures of Illawarra are sufficijlH warrant the construction of a port. |i|fl Mr. Neild : In the propor place I pS Mr. Ewing: I grant that. TlicjH member for Woronora, and the hon, Jm ber for Paddington, who are the twoQH nents of the scheme, grant that th|9 measures of Illawarra are suificiajH justify the construction of a port, flgB fore the whole question is resolvefX this : Has the committee chosen tbajfl place? With regard to the choice M best place for the port, the repmt M Public Works Committee has been t| hands of hon. members for tho months. It is a notorious /set tb»£l are a considerablo cumber of people S country who, if it were possible to'ji that this report were wrong in any M would have proved it months ago. |jf Mr. Neild; It has been done in thejB Telegraph. Mr. Ewing ; I asked the hon. menM name the engineer who told him tlm Port Kembla breakwater would notp It would have been interesting t- $j| name of tbe engineer, and I hope berfS ? second reading comes forward he wil^MB us the name, because I say that no enMgl no experienced man who came befcdjXS committee, endeavored to prove »i|a breakwater would not Btand, or tM||| work was futile. J||| Mr. Haynes : Are any of the owm|9 this land on the Publio Works OomnMgl Mr. Macdonald : Was there any gggl ground engineering ? |§|l Mr, Ewing: Whenever any workjml before Parliament that hon. memtttil not approve of we are always told ths|||| nas Deen some neiarious procena »%?»' If the hon. member for Coonamble, 0 bon. mpmbor for Paddington, or a#J else, knows anything nefariiui in can# tion with this proposal it is cleirljrjp duty to tell us. I was on the comaUM I did all I possibly could to sift thj|j posal to the utmost ; the inquiry wasMj tifled, and if there was any nefarioiigl oess, why were we not informed jS! committee, and why is not Psrliami® (/omml nnw 1 T nan assure hon. mM that some men opposed this becaiiss|j opposed to their scheme. If I hjg writine of the report it would not haw quiie so mild as ib is. I would havM| it perfectly clear to the country wb|| the objectors, and I would havo tag olear to the Parliament and the M why this Boheme was opposed. Jf An hon. member : You might do tt ? Mr. Ewing : 1 will make it pM clear when a chargo is made ? || An hon. member: Lake Illaw-ii™| Mr. Ewing: When a case is M stated by anyone .with regard to toil soheme. I asked the hon. member was speaking what soheme be would* oste ; if he thought the port s^oll'w| any other place. ra Mr. Neild : You would not believgj I told you I li Mr. Ewing : If the hon, memo® me the ghost of a ground to gotW would be prepared to tell Parliament!!! the opposition came from. m (To be Continued.) || Whilst Mr. Cleeve, tbe Penrith| magistrate, was about to put bi-S tureto a paper in the court on xjl morning, his right side, became and he shortly afterwards becanjg conscious.' || The Kiaina Agricultural SocieB invited to co-operate with tbsB society in trying to ' have tbe old of granting Government subsidH verted to, but refused to do soflj W9U Satisfied with the uew syateiH 