hHHSph WE were a great houseful of people. They always had a houseful for Christmas at the Court. I have spent many a merry Christmas there since, but never one so merry as that. I suppose it was because we wero all young, and at that time of life when you only see the lights and none of the shadows. Ilosides Julian loved me. I had been certain of that ever since we met at Scarborough in the summer; and since I had been stay ing in his father's house, he had found a thousand little ways of making me more than sure that this dear old house was to bo my home, and I tho happiest mistress that ever owned it, because Julian loved me. It was the night before Christmas Eve, and all wu young folks were dancing in the big hall ; and it was between two waltzes, as I sat resting in one of the deep window scats, sheltered by the heavy curtain, that Julian lilted the curtain, and passed in, and sat beside me. The window seat was in the shadow of the great stair, and the rest of the company were gathered round the piano, and were laughing and talking so gaily, that his words were no more heard by them than the soft sighing of the pine trees outside. ( No oiie heard what he said but I, and no one ever* shall hear; for you need not suppose that I am going to write down here what he said to me. But it was one of. those very happy moments that come so seldom and that lights one's life when they do come for a long, long way hack and forward. And he told me he should speak to his father next day. Now I come of good family, and had a handsome property of my own. I was a nice-looking girl in those days, and considered agiecablc and accomplished, as girls went. So next day when I met Julian in the hall for a moment after breakfast, 1 never ex pected the answer to be anything but 1 yes ' when I said : ' Is your father pleased with your choice ?' To my surprise Julian hesitated, then he answered : ' I think he is pleased with my choice, but he begs us to consider nothing as settled until after Christ mas Eve.' ' Why ?' I ttsucd naturally enough. ' I can't tell you now. It's a long tale, and those Danvers girls will be here in a minute. I promised, like the fool I am, to go skating with them. But this afternoon when we conio in to tea, if you should happen to ho in the library instead of the hall, one might perhaps get a word with one's sweetheart.' The Dnnvera girls came in while he was speaking, but he finished his speech in my ear with great calmness, and I went off to nurse my new hap piness, and wonder at and delight in it until tho time was come when I should sec him again, I softly slipped into the library and closed the heavy door after me. The dusk, was falling, tho firelight shone pleasantly on the glass of the book cases and the gilt backs of the books, and I stood by the window and watched tho skating-party come up from the lake. 1 hadn't had a word with Julian all day. I couldn't skate, for I had promised my dear mother years before that I would never go on the ice, because my father had been killed by an ice accident. I saw them come up, jingling their skates and talking merrily, and two minutes later Julian waa in with me. 1 How nice and warm it is in here, my dear little love,' he began, ' I have been in purgatory all day — such a cold purgatory too.' And indeed his face was as cold as ice. When he had thawed his hands a littlo by the fire, we sat down to gether on one of tho leather-covered settees, and ho said : 1 Now, heart of mine, we have only . a few, few minutes for all our stories and explanations, for I must get hack to tho other people beforo tlio tea comes In. The real fact is — (here's a ghost In our family.1 I turned my foot this way and that, : to watch the play of tho firelight on my patent-leather shoe. ' I don't think,' I remarked, still looking down, : ' that a ghost would be an insuper able objection.1 ' It's not quite that,' he said, , hesitatingly. ' What is it ?' I asked. ' The story Is sure to be interesting; tell it to me, lulian.' mm Hr#: . 'Welt, the story BrU' : runs that accrtain ?tjV.',, ancestress of B)1;; : niiuo ran away ? ;' , and got married ?»;? without her par f B; -? . cnts' consent, The }[& marriage didn't ' ? turn out well or something. At any rate, she was plagued with re morse in her later years, and very inconsistently undertook to appear and give her blessing when ever the heir of this house becomes engaged to a suitable young person ; and if she doesn't appear the engagement doesn't come off. That's all, my dear.' 1 But do you mean to tell me,1 I exclaimed, for I could not help think ing he was laughing at me, 'that you would give me up just because a stupid old ghost didn't put in its ap pearance at a certain hour and place?' ' No, I wouldn't,' lie replied, ? but my father would never consent, and I am sure you would never marry mo without his consent,' 1 I'm not so sure of that,' I said to myself in a low voice. ' I don't want to have any secrets from you, little woman ; so I won't pretend that I shan't feel a good deal happier if the ghost does appear on Christmas Eve, as I have no doubt she will do.1 1 Hut am I to understand then, that ever since your ancestress look this ridiculous resolution, her ghost has', appeared to sanction the engagement of each heir of the house in succes sion ?? 1 Of course you will laugh at it,1 ho ' went on in rather an injured way, ' but that really is the story. My father will tell you that he saw it, and his father before him ; and I haven't the slightest doubt I shall sec it on Christinas ICvc. My father and I will sit up for the purpose.' ' A pack of old wives' stories I' I rejoined indignantly. 'Look here, Julian, I'm not going to wait for the ghost to refuse me and I'm not going to marry into a family that believes in such nonsense,' ' Oh I aren't you?' said Julian, quite calmly, ' we shall see about that, my dear. You know perfectly well that I love you so much that nothing on earth would ever induce me to give you up. Out you see how much pleasanter it would be for everybody if the ghost gave us her blessing and in the orthodox manner.' 1 really even then thought he was playing some sort of joke on me, but no, he was quite serious, and I had actually to be in that ridiculous posi tion of being engaged for more than three days. And Julian was very careless and people were always coming in and finding us at different corners of the room as if we had just jumped there : and once I am certain one of those Danvers girls saw him kiss my car as we went upstairs bclore dinner. The night before Christmas Eva I really felt almost worried out of my life, and when I went up to bed I sent away my maid, put on my dress ing gown, let down my hair and settled down in front of the fire to have a good cry. I had hardly begun, how ever, when there was a soft tap at my door, and Lady Cary herself came in. She was a dear little old lady. At least, she couldn't havo been more than forty-five, but that seems old when you arc only eighteen. 1 May I come in ?' sho asked, in her soft sweet voice, and came in at once, shut the door, and sat down opposite me in the other chair. ? Dear, dear, dear I' she said. ' Now whatever is the matter ?' 1 I'm tired,1 I replied, ' and I've got a cold in my head.' Lady Cary turned her eyea to the firo and fixed them there. 1 Such a model of frankness and candour I' sho said, slowly ; ' that's what Julian said when he told me he was engaged to you. It came, it's true, at the end of a list of your more important qualities, beauty and sweet ness and angelic charm.' She suddenly raised her eyes to me, and I crept humiliated to tho low stool at her feet. 1 I'm very sorry/ I murmured ; ' I didn't know that Julian had told you anything, and it seems so strnngo to bo engaged and nobody to wish you happiness, or good luck, or anything, and to be depending on a stupid ghost; and I think I was wishing, when you came in, that there was someone, that— that my mother had not died when I was quite a little thing.' Lady Cary stroked my hair, ' There, poor child,' she said j ' there is someone. Tell me all about it.1 And I told her all about it as_ well as I could, and when I bad finished she broke out with a funny littlo laugh. 1 My dear, I felt just as you do about it when I was your age, nnd Lord Cary's mother came to my as sistance exactly as I am coming to Tours, and ns I believe tho lady of the house has always como to her son's assistnnco ever since the White Lady promised to 'walk.' It depends on you, my dear, whether Julian nnd his father receive n satisfactory ghostly blessing on the engagement or not.' 1 1 wasn't crying a bit about the ghost,' I said, hardly hearing what sho said. ' If you would only say that you would like me to be ? ' 1 Of course I would, that's why I'm here. It's my belief that tho Lady Cary has always had a good bit of a voice in her son's choice. My dear, the White Lady walked beforo I was engaged, and I had to undergo just such n tiresome probation as you aro writhing under to-night, and my future mother- in-law showed mo how to end it as you will end it to-morrow.' 'I?' 1 Yes; I have no doubt Julian told you that on Christmas live the in tending bridegroom and his father, il tho father bo alive, are bound to watch in tho chapel from eleven till one, and across the gallery at tho end the White Lady glides ns the clock strikes twelve. You will have to practice gliding, my dear; it is a very difficult art.' 'Thru you mean that I— that you ? ' 'I mean that you must, in the character of tho White Lady, pro nounce your own blessing, on your own engagement, as I did on mine and as 1 believe all the ladies of Cary have done on theirs. It's the secret of the ladies of this house, and I should never have told it to you if I hadn't believed that you aro tho best wife in the world for my Julian.' I Then you mean to tell mo, Lady Cary,' I said, when 1 had recovered from my delight at this little speech, 1 that you yourself played the part of tlio gliost in this house,' I 1 did indeed, my dear,' she replied, nnd it was tho best night's work I ever did,1 And her voice trembled, and her faco lighted up with the recollection of old happiness, 1 1 have got tho dress still, the white satin and tho pearls, nnd the veil that my mother- in-law gave me, they were miles too big for me, and you shall wear them. Tho men are bound not to movo from tho chapel for nn hour after midnight, which is a merciful provision to give one time to get com fortably out of the way beforo they can find nny traces of one. The way to the gallery is rather peculiar; there nro two secret doors to pass, but I will show you tho trick of these to-morrow, and 1 will be there to re ceive you when you find your way. back to the modern side of the Court. You mustn't be nervous about it.' 'Nervous I1 I exclaimed, ' thcro is nothing to he nervous about ; only ono can't help——' ' No, don't say you can't help despising Julian for it. It runs in the blood, my dear, like their fair hair and their blue eyes, and you must take people ns you find them, and make the belt of them.1 She gave me another good kiss, and walked off with her bedroom candle. , Tho next night at eleven she came again to my room. She dressed mo in the white satin and pearls, and powdered my face thickly to give mo the pallid look necessary for my ghostly character. It was always the custom at the Court to go to bed early on Christmas Eve, so that by a quarter to twelve the house was perfectly quiet. I took up the heavy, old-fashioned candle stick I was to carry, and crept out of the room, my ivhite satin and pearls covered by a dark cloak, I found the spring Lady Cary had shown me under a carved wreath on an oak panel, pressed it, the panel turned on a pivot, I passed in and it closed behind me. Then I stood quite still, holding my breath, and listening, lest anyone should have heard me pass from my room to this. But there was no sound— only I could hear my own heart beating. I walked along the passage in which I found myself. The dust lay thickly under foot, so that my steps made no noise as I walked. It was a narrow passage made of rough stone-work, and a door at tho other end which stood ajar and was easily opened, led me to a part of the house that I had never been in before. It was the suit of apartments that had been oc cupied by the White Lady, and since her time no one had lived in thci Everything waa just as she had left it, Her garments nnd personal possessions were littered on the tables and chairs. There was n lute, all its strings broken but one ; nnd one stiff dress on a chair looked to me so like a human being that I paused for nt least a minute before I had courage to go up to it and seo that it waB only heavy gold brocade, Tho dull, dark tapestries on the wall swayed a littlo now and thon — with the wind, 1 suppose— but it seemed to me that something, anything, might be hidden behind them. My hand trembled so thai I could hardly hold the candlestick, and the wax of the candle ran in a small stream over my fingers, Lady Cnry had said I should bo nervous, and I certainly waB. Then quite suddenly a thought r.nme to me that sent all the blood rushing to my heart nnd nearly choked me. Suppobe Lady Cary waa wrong ; sup pose there was a ghost after nil, and hero was I alone in the rooms sacred to its use and memory. It wouldn't bear thinking of, I grasped the silver candlestick nnd hurried on through the long suite of rooms. At the end ol the last nnte-chamber I came to another panel like tho ono in the corridor, presscrl a similar spring, and found myself on a little flight of stnlrs which Lady Cary had warned me led directly to the gallery. At tho foot of this I was to wait till I henrd tho church clock begin to strike, then to walk forward boldly across the gallery, and descend a flight of steps at the other side, which would lead me Into a passago communicating with tho suite of rooms I had just left I didn't liko the Idea of that long sequence of mouldering emptiness behind mo, 1 tried to get tho panel lo shut, but It wouldn't act) Its hinges wero BtifT, nnd I was afraid of limiting (hem creak. There 1 waited i nnd If It was a wrong thing to do to deceive my fuluro husband In that way, I can only say 1 was well punished for it. What I sulTcrcd in those live minutes no ono can bclleva who simply sees it written down hero, What I should have liked to do was to bolt back to my room liko a rabbit and marry Julian In spite of nil his father's opposition, Hut I liovo a habit of carrying a thing through when once started. Besides, I didn't want Lady Cary to think me a fool. So I stayed thcro with my heart beating to that decree that I felt ns if they could hear It in the chapel. At last came the long, dull, slow stroko of the clock. I gathered up my satin draperies, held the candle high, and walked up the steps. It was a short flight, and in another moment I was in the gallery, My knees were knocking together with the double fear of being found out, and ol diving again out of tho comparative lights and safety of the chapel into the un known depths of that dark stair beyond. The while moon shone through the windows of the clerestory, and there was air here as well as light, and movement, and human com panionship ; for, as I stepped into the gallery, I saw in the chancel below the two figures of my lover and his father. They had two tapers beside them and watched as one watches the dead. I drew my veil over my face, held my candle high and walked forward. I felt rather than heard the hushed ' Ah I' from the chancel which told that they had seen me Holding my candle high above wt I walked — for in that hour of terror my gliding lessons vanished from my memory, leaving no trace — to the other side of the gallery, and passed under the low wooden doorway and down tho (light of stairs. The way was easy to find and, somehow, I fell that the worst was over now. True, there were those denrtlv deserted rooms to traverse, but nt the end of them, warmth, light, firo, my own room and Lady Cary, who was there wniiing for me. So I followed the passage I found at the foot of tho stairs till it brought mo to tho sliding panel I had been unablo to shut, which let me into the nnte-room of tho White Lady's bedroom. It was with n sigh of relief that 1 pushed it open and passed through it. I hastened through the dark rooms and was beginning to feel something npproaching a return of what I nlways liko to consider my natural fearless ness, when I saw that 1 wasn't nlone. There was another light in the great dark room and it wns advancing to wards me. My first thought was — Lady Cary — and I hurried to meet her, Tho next moment I saw the fear I had thrust from me in this room ten minutes before had been no idle terror, It was not Uidy Cary, who was coming towards mo with the candle in hand, up-raised in a silver candlestick. It was not Lady Cary who wore satin and pearls and n death white face. It wns the White Lady — the ghost herself — in whose charac ter and in whose rooms I was madly masquerading. In tho frnntic struggle not to shriek, not to scream, not to betray my pre sence hero to Julian nnd his fnther, my cnndlo slipped from my hand. At the same instant tho ghost's light, too, wan extinguished, and I was nlono in the dark— in tho rooms of a dead woman, with that dead woman's face nnd form not three yards from me — in the dark. 1 Ah I1 I drew a long breath. There wns « smell of vinegar and smelling mils. Somebody was rubbing my Imnds. I wns very cold, 'Oh I thank God, are you belter? It wns Lady Cary who wns speaking. I opened my oyes, nnd lcok ;d at her. I was in my own room, pleasant nnd bright with firo and lamp-light. Lndy Cary was bending over mo with n vory anxious face indeed, ' It's all right, my dear, You fainted In thoso dreadful dark rooms, It must have been a great trial, I knew It would be. But you ore safo now, my child.' 1 sat up ; the wet vinegar cloth flopped from my forehead as I did so, and fell on my hands. 1 Lady Cary,' I said, ' I hnya scon Ihe ghost, the real ghost, nnl it came close to me In that dreadful room. ' Your nerves nro over-wrought,1 answered Lndy Cnry, calmly. ,'J don't wonder, You must have fancied some bit of drapery or shadow to be a ghost,' 1 It was as real as I am,1 I said ; ' I thought it was you at first. Oh, it is horrible, most horrible 1' Lady Cnry would not let mo talk nbout it any more. She stayed with me that night, and in the morning gave out that I was too unwell to come to breakfast, which I certainly was, and about noon she camo up to my room, ' Now,1 she said, ' everyone is out skating. Have you the courage to come with me to the White Lady's rooms, and find out what opticnl illusion it was that so frightened you last night ?' 1 I have a thousand things to ask you,' I said. ' How did I get back to my room ?' ' I got uneasy about you last night, and came to look for you,1 sho said. ' And did you carry mo back ?' Lady Cary laughed. ' My dear, if we are to go we must go nt onco, or we shall have the maids upon us,' She threw a shawl round me, and we crossed tho corridor. The oak panel swung on its pivot, we passed through and it closed behind us. In another minulo wo were in the White Lady's rooms. Seen by tho dim daylight that filtered through the cobwebbed panes of glass, the rooms were most deso Lie than ever, and almost as eerie. Hut with Lady Cary's arm round me I could have faced it even in the dark, I thought. Wo passed through one room after another, hut nowhere was there any thing that could by the wildest imagination be made to resemble white satin and pearls, and n raised arm holding a lighted candle. Wo walked to tlio further end and then retraced our steps. Lady Cary was just saying, ' It must have been pure imagination,' when I caught a glimpse of something moving at the end of the room — something white — and stopping short, rigid with terror, I pointed towards it, 'Look!' I said, -Look there — there it is again I' Lady Cary put up her double eye glass and looked, 1 You poor, dear, blessed little innocent,' she said. ' Don't you see that it's a looking-glass, and reflects nothing worso than your pretty self In your white dressing-gown ?' Even then I was hardly to be con vinced. Not till she ted me up to the glass panel and I saw my own furred gown and scared face reflected in its depths did I understand the height of my own folly the night before. But then I was convinced, and Lady Cary led me back to my own room to pet md coax and laugh at me till I should be in a fit frame of mind to meet my lover, When I went down to luncheon Lord Cary rose up before all the com pany and kissed my forehead, and welcomed mo as his daughter and his on -vife ; and such before tho next Christmas Eve I became. It was on the evening of our Wed ding day that I felt I could not keep my secret no longer. Julian,' I said, ' I hopo you will for) ivc mo, I have something hor nl Ic to tell you.1 l'roceed,' ho answered, with a twinkle in his eyes. Hut it really is horrible, and per 1 1] s pou will not forgive mo. But I ct ul In't bear to tell you before, for fear it should interfere somehow with our marriage,' ' You rack mo with suspense,1 lie replied, cheerfully. ' What is this horror that might have parted us at the altar steps ?' Then I told him how I had played tho ghost on Christmas Kve; and when my tale wns ended, I hung my head, watting his reproaches, 1 My dear little woman,' he said, putting his arms round me, ' this is ancient history, Who, do you sup pose, carried you out of the ghost's room that night ?' ' Did you ? Did Lady Gary ? ?' ' Of course she did. You didn't sup pose thnt a dear little shrimp of a womnn, such as my mother is, could carry my big, blonde beauty ?' ' And you are not angry ?' 1 Do 1 look it ?' he nsked. ' And you think I wns right, nnd your mother was right?' 1 Yos, sweetheart, and all tho other fair ladies who have played the phost on Christmas Kve to win a superstitious Cary for a husband. I only wish wo were bettor worth the trouble.' As to thnt 1 havo my own opinion. UAH FOB THK IIUUfltAK. Goodfollow (noaring Jollyfolloir a houso vory lato at night aftor a Ohristmas party) : ' I shay, Jollyfollow, ahee thoro. Thoro's a burglar Betting Into your house by iho window.' ' Jollyfollow '. 'So ho la. Stay, wait a —wait a littlo. My wlfu'll aliink lies me, and ilm'll halt kill him. _o ? Lot to-morrow tako oaro of to-morrow, Sufllolont tbo Ills of today ) Wo nocd not anticipate mirrow, Nur hurry to moot It lull-way. MoflK riTAinc IOOK 1MFRF— rllBRi IT IS A WtCl MoflK riTAinc IOOK 1MFRF— rllBRi IT IS A WtCl 