'UhUV POETS AND POETRY. Mr.-j. E. S. fienerie, himself a poet of no njean tndec, and a literary savant ^t^fej^rtii xs&eitfly; received soon taii^cs retognitidri fioin «me of th e i^fepfca ualverefties to the shape of honora^^degree.|t8 bachelor of Literature, . occupied the platform of the TOwn Hall last week (says Freemaa's P m a m o n V Journal" Twntmn'l tt of ^ 18th lAm. November) to lecture upon " Australian Poets, and Poetry/' The immediate putiiose of the lecturer was to assist the hifchepto neglected sister of Charles Harpur {FatherY>f Australian Poetry) in a pecuniaiy way. Mr. J. C. Neild M.P., for Paddington, presided, the other gentlemen on the platform ineluding Mr, K. D. Meagher and the Bev. Mr. Hill, a Protestant clergyman who tikes a great interest in literary societies. The Rev. Frs. Whyte and Cregan, of , St Mary's Cathedral, had seats amongst the audience, which also include*! a number of the members of St. Francis' (Paddington) Literary and Debating Society, whose meeting had been postponed till the following evening, to permit of their attendance ait the lecture. The lecturer, who was not disposed to rhapsodise on local poetry or poets because they were local, provided an undeniable literary treaty while justifying his reputation for critical acumen and chaste literary style. He discussed the question as to what goes to make a national literature, and formed his immediate criticism in answering the question, " What writings are there that are Australian, and national /" He found that all Australia's achievements in that line were synchronous with the Victorian reign, for prior to 1837 " Australia had not begun to write her name in the pages of books." In estimating the claims of our several poete to recognition, the young lecturer examined the geographical, climatic, and social conditions of Australia, and from this point, either by allusion or extract, showed to what extent our poets had been inspired by (he local Muse? as well as equai to univenal literary'.stajidards. It wAs the custom (said the lecturer) to'say that this country is too young to produce any original writers, and that, we must wait many.hundred years before we see spring up a national literature. America is always brought forward to show how slowly a nation develops 1 a literature of its own. But at the settlement of America. literature was very much less cultivated than it is now. when writers so much abound that the distinction is not so much having written a book as having read a single volume. Wild America, with its forces of man and nature arrayed against the intruder, left him little time to cultivate the arts or sing the dangling delights of-a baby s coral. The scenery of Australia .18 in some respects like that of Southern Europe, where poetry is the : speech of the people If our population is email, it must be remembered that Athens Uever in the periods' of its political grandeur had a^ population greater than any one of theee pwvtoces. It is on the character and- not the < number of a populatioo tb&t; the greatness of a nation depsnds. and our,'secondary and supwdor educatton schemes have created a elans never present to America. Australia has produced national poetic litawftire and already numbers po«t# pf which, no cwnntryiiwetaW feel esteemed the father vof.,-.Australian verse- and. moreover, is- one of its finest 'exponents, and from his able treatment of blank verse, a; classic m fact Perhaps this iS'one of the reapcoe Why he is so iittie read by the or dteary reader nor Australian wood und water have Influenced Harpur Not alvays as Harpur pictured that so often insisted on here, the sombre, deep wood aM the melancholy roll of overflowing water, or the dead creep oi sweltering creeks, hut someOm® he paints 4;he laughing river on ^ose banks green edged the rich culture of a tropical climate troop and laugh and dance far mto 9psu* The Tower of the Dream A Midsummw ^nia the Australian Forest, ^e Vision t>f the feptk," most of'tlie lyrics. In adaltlM " Dawn in the Mountain^' *• The Dream by ilie Fouulaln," " Genius Ix>st," cud " The Creek of the Foilf OrrfvteR," are full of local BceiiPify, bat tedefetnefl 5n the triftslerhatid or tiie poet from being oalied niefe local colour. Not nlone in his rofaiafectsfl hurt Bhstalned plei-es Is llypiir 1 s iKWfef find witchery of his Kong -plirnses and epithfetfe possess a charm him! a magic of nafcotrltttlfth as to fully justify that applied to Keath's—" h lar^e utterance." DO flOt Shell expressions as the follow- ing Btrfty u|Km the tongue and linger abotit the ear 1 " Malden'B laughter, sttft, broke In rich wavelets near." "Qtiite vast and slumberous reigns." " tVbtKM? liquid disc in its undimpled reet glows like a mighty gem, broaching the mountain's breast." " Her eves fire two midnights of passionate thought!" " So long as love's rich heart 18 ted. and befcuty's eyes are bright—feft long shall tears be filled." '"fhe moahlilg of trees, all at, midnight In motion." But one other Australian j)oet approaches Harpur in the delicacy afjd correctness with which he has nulled both epithet and metre. Of metre, he is with Kendall the greatest Australian professor, and in the variety and splendour of it at command he approaches the great English poet who pikjces free use of blank verse. Gordon ufees It never, and Kendall but twice. Ih blank verse Harpur shows 61s f all gift. Parts of his blank verse deeS Btail8 no fear in comparison with Milton, and, for mingled sweetness and strength, equals Keatli's "Hyperion," and for delickcy of construction Tennyson's " Idylls'Of the King." No other Australian poet except Kendall possesses a more exquisite Sense of the appropriateness of sound and imagery. His charmed numbers flow on like the free current of a melodious stream, whose 1 associations nre with the sun- beams and the shadows, the leafy boughs of the gum, the song of the forest birds, the dew of the flowery bank, and all things sweet and genial and delightful, whose influence is around us in our- happiest moments and whose essence is the wealth that lies hoarded in the treasury of Nature. Harpur's lyric outpourings are eminently noble. Yet, with all his gifts, fiarpur will not be really what is called A popular poet. However, he will always have a fit audience, bw'-its numbere, It Is hoped for the be- ,ffit of hutaknlty, will be considerably more than few. V The lecturer proceeded to deal with Kendall—the Australian poet-laureate. jjpt only is his poetry, the best of it the embodiment of what real natlona inspiration there is in the people o A^trfljia, tout he is the only poel honoured in a national mannei• aftei his d^eath. Gordon is not the nation* noet nor the greatest, as Kendall is No ope but Kendall could have writ ten Kendall's poetry. Kendall doe not theorise; he photographs. On Occasion,' too, he has painted the grand and terrible with a skill inferior^ no man In any language. The Ghost. Glen" as an example. Gordon treated Mature only on account of the figures ttat Soved on it. The dramatic n- fltlnct In its higher forms is entirel> absent from Gordon's poems, and also Kfrom u Those those 01 of ivcu^. Kendall. If, — however, -- • liendftlMiad written all his poems in the strata-of Hip the "Ghost Glen, he *mlld We entitled to a; high position In , Kendall belongs to the ffiVSa. who treat Nature^foMier Awh'< «ake The influence of Swinburne, on Gordon's mind is as plain as it is on his verse. Henry Lawson is I W poet. But he wants leisure to jittndv the measures and rhymes of the poets of the world, for Lawson s one -deficiency is the small knowledge he fciis-of metre. He has but one metre, and that a sing-song one such towflftn'fi love of humanity finds full Vent This poem Is one not for a datlon to cherish, l>ut for all mankind. the It ranks Shirt." higher -It than ranks Hood's almost " Song beside of Tennyeon's lyric, " Tears, Idle Tears." Johto ^arrell la a poet of a new kind. His faithfulness to human nature, his trlfie^xax&e;, his : fltaihatlc truth, his naitro and humorous 'abandfm, as wfell fts hlB lyrical force tiftfl glow shown In "Adrift" and shorter poems, combine to give him a distinct plane In Australian literature. Of Edwin ,T. Brady's poems the lecturer was not>3n a position to speak vWth justness, not having seen a collection: What the lecturer hart seen showed greiU power and a distinctively original rhythm. As to Mr. M'Crae's work, an exaggerated idea of its importance has long been current. He, not like Ijawson, Patterson, FnrrelL . and others, treated of life from the colonial point of view. Mr. Roderie Quinn has wTitten some verse worthy of admiration ; but he also has tnixed the hitter with the sweet. Mr. Quinn has, generally Speaking, all the Instincts which true poetry demands. Of Mr. Llddel Kelly the lecturer had the highest opinion. It twould be no surprise if Mr. Kelly writes n poem or the century. He has a peculiar and striking lyric gift of narration. Having spoken in warm appreciation of Brunton Stephens, the lecturer ventured the remark that his brilliant work is too delicate to live. Passing on to Mr. Philip J. Holdsworth. the lecturer said that no other Australian poet more unequal could be named. He mixes the chaff and the grain in an unaccountable way. He makes verse that distracts us, and, on the other hand, he creates lines that enthrall us. The lecturer briefly pnssed over Thomas Bracken, Evans, Victor Daley, Roak. and Ambrose Prntt. " Banjo " Patterson is a poet who lias gained an International reputation. His characteristics are virility and humanity—terms used in the artistic sense. Mr. Christopher Brennan came next under review. The beBt of his work has a deep spiritual: original genius, notably for condensed force, depth of insight, and for beauty and brilliance of expression. His style suffers from occasional obscurities. It is in tire, Vigour, and verve that Mr. Brennan is chiefly lacking. But if the splendid promise of his book Is not belied, Sir. Brennan will be one of 'irar greatest and most distinctive Australian poets. With respect to Mr. O'Hara. the lecturer, awarded that poet the title of being pre-eminently the painter of Australian summer. As a sonnet writer, Mr. O'Hara stands easily first amongst Australian writers. , • «r 