BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. ————*- ? The dog is mentioned 33 times in the Bible. London's population increases by about 70,000 every year. A pound of phosphorus makeB heads for 1,000,000 matches. ' One-twelfth of the people of England Buffer more or less from gout. It ia calculated that the earth weighs about 6,049,836,000,000)000 tons. w Some 45,000 sovereigns pass over the Bank of England counters every day. The average cost of criminal prose cutions in England at present is £33 each. Spain has a population of 17,500,000, of ?which number 11,000,000 cannot read or write^ Italy leads Europe in the number of murders ; Russia in the number of suicides. The metal in ihe big bell of Moscow weighs nearly 200 tons and is valued at £70,000. Emigration from Ireland is said now to have Bunk to its lowest ebb since the year 1851. Electric dark lanterns have been sup plied to the Paris police, enabling them to see 150ft. away. A French chemist has invented a blue soap which renders unnecessary the use of blueing in laundry work. The fire brigade of London is called out more frequently on Saturday than on any other day of the week. The loftiest inhabited place in the world is the Buddhist monastery of Haine, ia Thibet. It is about I7,000fc. abave the sea. \- It is computed that there are enough paupers in Great Britain to form, four abreast,, a procesion over 150 mi'es in length. Every animal kept by man, excepting the cat, is taxed in Austria, and now there is a proposal to tax pussy in that country. It is a strange fact that the right hand, which is more sensitive to the touch than : the left, is lfl8B sensitive to the effect of . heat or cold. ? It. is said Madame Patti sleeps with a white silk handkerchief round her neck.. She uses a very salt gargle of cool water every morning. One million three hundred thousand pounds' worth of pickles and sauces are exported from Great Britain to other countries yearly. , The oyeter is one of the strongest creatures on earth. The force required to open this dainty shellfish is more than Oflft timflH 4 fa wftitthf;. The Financial Times hints at a scheme which is said to be hatching to acquire Stonehenge with its remain', and run it as a sort of antiquarian show ! The largest telegraph office in the world is in the General Post Office Building, London. There are over 3000 operators, 1000 of whom are women; The batteries are supplied by 30,000 cells. ?? When one falls asleep the order of surrender to the spell U : — Sight, taste, smell, hearing, touch. The ser.se of touch wakened, then hearing, then sight, while taste and smeil awaken last. When a Ohinesa lady comes to a muddy place in the road she gets over it by em ploying a human stepping-stooe. Beckon ing a boy she gives him a small coin, in return for which he drops on his hands and knees in the mud for her to step over. A German doctor says that the two sides of a face are never alike ; in two cases out of five the eyes are out of line ; one eye is stronger that the other in seven out of ten ; and finally that the right ear ia generally higher than the left. Bank of England notes are made from new white linen cuttings — never from anything that has been worn. So care fully is the paper prepared that even the number of dips into the pulp made by each workman h registered on a dial by machinery. The fly's ealing apparatus is really a sucker of very large proportions .when compared with the size of the insect. If the mouth of a man were of the same pro portionate eize as that of the fly his head would have to ba enlarged about two feet on each side in order to accommodate his' lips and teeth. . A carious point of law las arisen in America— Is it permissible for a barrister to shed tears in the emotion of his plead ings, and so influence the jury ? The question was brought before a Tennessee court, when the judge decided that tears were as legitimate as eloquence to enforce an argument. A Siamese Prince has just become a monk. He. rejoices in the singular name of hia Royal Highness Prince Phra Oog Chou Chula Chom Kian Prisdau Choo niassi. This young man was educated in England, and was presented with the London Society of Arts', medal'for pro ficiency in engineering and architecture. Sir William Harcourb's pet domestic foible is playing charades. This game constitutes a favorite paBtime of hia in tho evening at his home iu New Forest. Sir William presides over the revels, seated in a kind of Btate chair, and beams and laughs and applauds with the broad unction of a domesticated Sir John Pal staff. ??;?'. The number of mountain railways in the world in 1895 was a3 follows: — Switzerland, 17 ; Germany, 14 ; Austria, 10 ; Italy, 4 ; France, 4 ; while four were distributed between Sp:dn, Portugal, Greece, and Madeira. In Asia there were three, one in Sumatra, one in Japan, and one in Syria. In North America there were three, in Central America one, and in South America four. During the past year or so aluminum has been used in some cases for making the pulley-blocks for the rigging of yachts. O.;e of the chief advantages is the gaiu in lightness, which ia a very desirable thing in blocks that are used aloft. Tiie results are reported as satisfactory, and the aluminium blocks have proved to be very sfcronp. one. for instance, the weierht of wbich was only three ounces, having stooJ a strain of seven hundred pounds. It has been awhoriiatively s ated that tha Transvaal [Republic contains the largest gold deposits in the world. With in 15 miles of Johannesburg there is an amount of gold estimated to be worth £700,000,000, or nearly as much as to the entire volume of gold coin now in the world. The gold is extraordinarily uni form, as shown by shafts which have been Bunk to a depth of 1800 feet and diamond drillings whieh have gone still further. M. Kadiquet, a French physicist, has been amusing a party of Parisians with a kind of spiritualistic eeance, in which all the effectB were produced by 'X rays.' The apparatus was convealed from view by black curtains, and the glasses, gems, vases, and other articles in the room were rendered luminous by the rays. Phos phorescent powders were also employed to ' materialise' a spirit, that is to say, a young lady confederate who played the ghost. Twenty years ago a newly -appointed postmaster at New York could remove nnd appoint at will two thousand sub ordinates. The postmaster whom Presi dent M'Kinley has appointed can fill only two place3. Thii is a striking, though not an exceptional, example of the extent to which reform in the administration of the civil servicj has been quietly pushed during recent years. ' To the victors belong the spoils,' is no longer the uni versally accepted political maxim it was a generation ago. Father Tossi, who recently made a tour of Alaska, describes some extra ordinary phenomena conuected wnb a small lake, named Selawik, situated near the seashore. Tides rise and fall in the lake, perhaps on account of an under ground connection with the sea. At the bottom, be says, the water is salt, but on the top there ia a layer of sweet water. Hot springs exist in the lake, aud around these tha water djes not freeze, bufc they a'e surrounded by circular walls of ice, sometimes three feat in height. The latest enumeration of the asteroids, or small planets, circling round the sun between tho orbits of Mars and Jupiter, shows that up to the close of 1896 no less than 429 had been discovered. The num ber of new ones found last year was 20, but sometimos it; turns out that the sup posed discovery of another asteriod ia really only the rediscovery of one that had been seon before. They cannot ba identified by their appearanco, since, ex cept a few ot the larger ones, they aro mere spocka of light, and the only way to keep track of them is by studying the orbits in which they travel. Devoted to animals, the Princess of Wales owns a number of dogs, among them representatives of all nations. Tho care talon by H.R.H. of these p9is generally results iu their enjoying long lives, for the Princess ia wise as well as affectionate where the dogs are con cerned. But occasionally, in the nature of all things, her dogs die, and then there ia much sorrow to be borne. Just late'y two old favorites have succumbed to age — ' Facey,' a Japanese spaniel, presented to HR.H. by Lord Rothschild, and ' Bully,' which the Princa gave to his wife many years ago, upon the eve of starting for a protracted tour in the East. The highest ascent made by man up mountains is believed to be thab of Zur briggen on Aconcagua, when he reached about 24,000 feet, or a little over four miles, while the highest in a balloon was t'aat made by Dr. Bersen, of Berlin, who in 1894 ascended to a height of 30,000 feet. Some years ago, in 1862, Glaisher a:id Coxwell maJe a memorable a3cent over Wolverhampton, whoa they became unconscious at 29,000 feet, after wbich they were supposed to have ascended for a short time to nearly 36,000 feeb, but in Di\ Berson's ca-e, by inhaling oxygen he was able to observe his instruments and carefully note the conditions around him. An interesting newspaper jubileo was celebrated recently afc Magdeburg in honour of the 250th birthday of the Magdeburger Zeitung. The jubilant journal ia probably the oldest io Germany, and, indeed, one of the oldest ia Europe. In the year 1647, when the first number of tha Magdeburg Gazette was published by Faber, the terrible Thirty Tears War was juat drawing to its cloee A remark able fact in the long history of this news paper is that it has continued in the proprietorship of the Faber family through out the 250 yea's of its existence. The present heaJs of the venerable iouenalistic dynasty are the two brothers Robert and Alexander Faber. When the groat preacher, Spur^eon, was at the height of his fame, a well known lecture agent wrote him, making him the tremendous offer of a hundred thousand dollara for a preaching tour, asking afc the sains time for a reply by cable. What was the agent's surprise to receive a cable message consisting of only the words, ' Acts VIII., 20.' When the agent had finally procured a Bible he opened it and read these lines: 'Bub Peter said unto him, Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money.' This was the last effort made to induce Spurgeon to do what so many eminent clergymen — men, too, of unques tioned piety — have done, namely, make a show of himself for American gold. The deepest bore hole ia existence is said to be at Parnschowitz, near Rybrick, Upper Silesia. It ia 6751 feet below the surface of the soil, and was made ia a search for coal measures. The hole was 12in. in diameter at the beginning, and this was lined with a tube about O.-lin. thick ; at a depth of 230ft. the bore was reduced to 8?in. diameter, and thus con tinued for 351ft. The greatest difficulty encountered was the great weight of the boring rods as the depth increased. Though steel was used at a depth of 6560ffc., the total weight of the tools reached 30,1551b. Under this weight rupturc-s of the rods were frequent, and an accident of this nature finally stopped the work ; about 4500ft. of rods fell to the bottom, and being jammed under a part of the tubings it was impossible to withdraw it. President Cleveland has, by proclama tion, set apa^fc 13 new forest reserves in the United States, representing an area of more than 21 million acros. This in creases tho total reserve f jrost land in the West to 39 million acres. The new reserves include all the central portion of the Black Hills of South Dakota, the Big Horn Mountain Range in Wyoming, the Jackson Lake country south of the National Park in Wyoming, all the Rocky Mountains of Northern Montana, a valuablo forest region in Northern Idaho, the principal part of the Bitter Rest Mountain rogion in Montana and Idaho, the Cascade Mountains of the Yosemite National Park, the San Jacinto Mountains in Southern California, and the Uintah Mountains in Northern Utah. The selection of those forest lands was made by the Commission appointed by tho National Academy of Sciences. Strong opposition \\\m boon made to the appropriation by private owners. Mr. John D. Rockefeller, the president of tiie Standard Oil Company, is a man of tho typical American character — pusbiog, j far-sighted, and ambitious of the utmost Buccess in his own special lino. One of the richest men °n earth, he is in manner suav md rather reticent ; in habits domestic-— i good father, bringing his children up in x plain and simple way; in religion, a Baptist; in giving, princely but discri minating. It may be mentioned that he has given, seven millions of dollars to the University of Chicago during the last few years. Forty years ago Mr. Rockefeller was running a little refinery at Cleveland, Ohio, and his capital was but small. But he saw that there were little ' millions in it.' Along with his younger brother William he worked steadily to. increase his business, then known as ' Rockefeller aad Co.' As it developed, the younger opened a branch in New York.v It con tinued to flourish, gradually extending its o orations, and the name of the concern, after being changed several times, though never without a Rockefeller appearing in it, finally was merged into the Standard Oil Company. Mr. Rockefeller has a fortune exceeding £50,000,000, and an income of £2,000,000 yearly..: In his wanderings the late- Mr; Bent was always accompanied by his wife, one of whose functions it was to look after tha commissariat. Mr. Bent was a tho rough b:liever in tea on hia travels, and did nob advice anyone to explore on spirits. Tho larder of the travellers usually included desiccated soups, corned beef and beef essence, potted meats, con densed mi.k, and lasb, but not least, some sackfula of dry brrad, for long experience taught Mr. and Mrs. Bent both what to avoid and what to add to their travelling impediment.' Mr. Bent was wont to re gard hia exped tions to Arabia aa the most interesting and perilous of any ha had undertaken. Oa more than one occasion both Mr. and Mrs. Bent had narrow escapes. In 189i, when ia the Hadiarmut district of Arabia,. they had considerable trouble with the natives. 'Early one morning,' said Mr. Bent, ' we harl struck our tents for our day'a ina'ch, when we were suddenly fired upon from a native village- ? Our '.escort went forward and held a palaver with the people of the village. They belonged to the Hummumi tribe, while our men be longed to the Jabberi tnba. As the re Bult of the palaver we were allowed to proceed. At the next two -villages we also encountered hostile receptions, and were fired on. The bullets fell within a few yards of Mrs. Bent's horBe, and als-j came close to myself. Fortunately no one was hurt, and we ultimately reached Shahab.' On other occasions they had trouble, but as a rule the travellers were well received by all the strange people they visited. Sir Richard Tangye gives & rather amusiog account in Chambers' s Journal of how he was knighted. Tbe ceremony took place at Windsor one day, when a number of Bimilar honors were bestowed. His tu.ro was the twelf.li, and the equerry conducted him to the Royal apartment and then left him. Sir Richard proceeds : — ' On entering I gave my ' best bow,' and, advancing a few steps, stopped, and bowed a*ain, when I was introduced to her Majesty (my name being pronounced wronah); another Dow on closely ap proaching her, and then, dropping on my left kn3P, I extended the right hand, back uppermost — for the Queen ha3 a great objection to moisb palms. The jjueen. then laid her right hand — a very little, plump one — upon mine, and I kissed it. ' Her Majesty next took a sword and (-mote him ' ever so gently ' on the left shoulder, saying in very low, sweet, soft tones, ' Rise, Sir Richard,' ' and he becamo a ' dubbed '. knight, but not a ' belted ' one, as nowadays knighjs have to find tbeir own baits. Tbeu cune a very difficult parfc of ths cererniny; Sir Richard had to retire from the presence backwards. He says:— ' Now, I had always been going ' forwards ' during my previous life, and waa somewhat doubtful as to how I should perform this retrograde movement. I remeinbored (he fate of the Mayor of Truro, who, having' presented an address to the Queen on boird hep yacht in Falmouth Harbour, walked back wards into the sea. However, I stepped back a pace, and, having steadied myself, bowed, then another half -a -dozen paces, bowing again, and after repeating the operation once more, to my. great relief, found myself at the door.' O a getting oub into the gallery tho gentlemen whose turn had not yet arrived crowded round him, ' wanting to know all about it.' Sir Richard adda that a gfntlem'aa who had been knighted a few years previously told me he got into trouble with lur Majesty by prematurely rising from his knee, the Queen saying, as lie thought rather sternly, ' £-o not to in such haste !' 