Chapter VII.—( Continued. ) ■The girl still hung out of the window unabla to tear herself from the lovely view. She did not mind being hot or. dusty, or remember that they , had had a long day's travelling on no better provisions than. a; few sandwiches-, and a glass of lemonade. Food seemed a coarse and commonplace, thing beside this changeful, splendor of the mountains, this opal light on the stirless'waters,' this fragrant dusk of woods, that held all the breath and beauty of summer in their leafy ,depths. : "I don't want to disturb you," said De borah Gray at last. "But may I ask if you intend to dine off a view to-night? ^The table d'hote is long over, but I must remind that a cold chicken and accessories are awaiting us in the dining- room." Sell gave a long sigh and left the window. \- "Ohj dear, you are quite ready,"! she ex claimed as she noted Deborah's neatly-coiled hair and clean collar and the fresh tints that cold water and soap had given to her dusky face. "■ ,: ■ ' - • "Of course, I am," laughed Deborah; "and you, I see, have, got out of all "your good habits already." \- "I won't be five minutes really," said Nell, "and I'll make you a present of them. So go to the window and thank the gods you have eyes to' see and a heart to appreciate such a scene." ' >. ■ ■ ' • . -v- ' "All the same, I am very hungry,", said Deborah,' with a smile. •. • -" Gotli and Yandal! Why, the very thought of eating is a sacrilege!" "I am afraid the hotel'would fare badly if everyone who came here shried that opinion," said Deborah Gray. a/ • Yefi for all her jesting, she appreciated the beauty before her as keenly as Nell herself. The first flush and brilliance'of the sunset were: fading now. ' The mountains had a warm, violet tint that deepened ' and changed to brown as the twilight shadows crept down the rooky slopes. The steep path ways were bordered with geraniums and Wild fuchsia,, and the lovely coral blossoms of - the eaoallonia, A stretch of green lawn fronted . the building, on which some cows were grazing. From below came the sound of voices, the , bark, of a dog,'a.ripple of girlish laughter. Figures passed to and fro, under the trees, dis cussing plans for the morrow.. It was an idyllic : scene. Deborah Gray knew that in her chamber of memories hone half so'lovely or so full of restful peace had.eyer found a place. "When Nell had washed the dust of • the journey from her face and hands and smoothed; her ruddy, chesnut hair, they, went down into . the dining-room.• A_ considerate;waiter had laid a table for-two in a window recess that looked, out on to, the garden. The'^ window stood open,.-the soft, balmy air blew in, laden with the the breath of aromatic shrubs. ;A shaded lamp threw a rosy tinge on the , white ,;. cloth and on the flowers in their slender glasses, - on the dainty arrangements which made even fowl and salad, and bread and fruity look more . poetic than mere food often does. Y, ' There was no one else in the dining-room, Theyate, and drank, and chatted, and laughed ■ over the incidents of thejourney with a sense of perfect freedom and perfect enjoyment. After all,, there are things in a girl's life which a man would "only spoil for her.' That: sense of utter unconcern, of heart-whole en joyment, : of.perfect content with the: hour and •what it brings. • These were - Nell's own at last. ,Sl\e acknowledged to herself they were good and desirable things and that she was the better for their possession.; " When they had finished' their meal they went out and found a path that led them to : the wateris edge. They fairy islands lay before them sleeping under the liquid gleam of. moon light. . The plash of the ebbing, tide on the ; pebbly strand was the only sound in the perfect ■: stillness. • They seated themselves on Ihe bank, where the great tree roots had made a natural seat. It was not a time to' speak—it was just one of those blessed restful pauses that fate vouch safes sometimes to tired mortals. These two women had known what it- was to . betired—very, very tired. They acknowledged in this moment that it was worth while to have known and suffered for that feeling, x How could they so well appreciate the present peace were it not for past toil?; , It might have bten a long or short time they had sat there saying nothing, only "dreaming : and resting as the quiet' stars came out in clustering groups,. and the moonlight grew slowly brighter above; the, purple blackness of the mountains. In suoh a moment one takes no count of passing moments. • It is enough just to be, and to dream. A step crushing the dry twigs and uneven stones" on- the path behind them roused them at last. Their solitude was to be disturbed evidently. They sat still; their-dark .-blue linen dresses were not distinguishable from the bracken and undergrowth ;. their hats lay on their laps. The step came steadily on. There was a sound, of soft whistling and a light- cane idly switched the - low;-steetching boughs on' either side. /Then-a'man'came suddenly upon those two still -figures,1 so sud denly that his foot trod on Nell's skirt before he even saw there was a woman's dress in hi3 way. He stopped short with a murmured apology. Nell glanced up and a gleam of moonlight fell oh her uncovered head and lit up'the blue eyes beneath their delicate arched brows. -r: There was a faint 'cry;-of wonder—an ex-, clamation—and then she sprang to her feet. The stranger was Dick Darrymore. ; . He recognised: her in a moment,, though it was the first .time he had seen herwithout the nurse's cap covering her pretty chesnut hair. As,they shook hands and uttered " wonders " at so strange a, meeting, Deborah Gray- also ■ rose to meet him. Then came the inevitable and commonplace explanations. It appeared that Dick and his uncle were staying at Killarney, but had come up to Glenarriff for/a couple "of days, \haying heard that it was so expected of the tourist, They had been "doing Ireland " for the lost two" montfcs, beginning at the Giant's Causeway and so working on to the south and south- west coast . - r' After that explanation there was a little embarrased silence while theypnentally studied each other under the clear; moon rays-and noted the changes that these past months had made.; Dick had certainly altered for the; better. His face had recovered color and flesh; the ' fair hair curled close about bis temples,- and - the soft, thick moustache set off the somewhat stern mouth and sharply-cut. features,. The well-moulded chin was no longer disfigured by a beard, as when Nell had last see it. His figure was well clad, and he carried himself : with the ease and grace' of recovered strength. She forgot her embarrassment, as she made mental notes of these improvements, arid spoke of the change with candid approval, v. "And you?' he said. "Are you still in the ; hospital ?' ' . > - . '•Oh, no, I have left," said NelL "They said'I was not strong enough for the; work, so I am taking a. rest. ■ My friend, Miss Gray, is paying her respects to my country for the first time, and we have come' here' for- our holiday. - Isn't it Ptrange that -;we.should all . have met again—-and in such a manner ?' \- " It is strange," he said, "but veryjileasant. I'have often hoped- to see you again, Miss. Nugent. • I—I Often Wondered if yon- got my . letter." ; "Oh,:yes,""shesaid, "Tgotit"- : '• You never answered it,"; he - said reproachr fully and in a slightly lowered voice! , ,%I was very busy," she: said, "at the time. . The ward was' full, . and; they were all bad cases. Besides, I did not think you would care to, hear. • There was nothing to interest you in what I could write." :. "He wassilent* but his eyes*took up the re proach of, his voice, and Deborah Gray suddenly felt hereelf reminded 'of an old pro verb respecting the one too many. " And so you are. staying herie," he went on presently. "At Roche's, I suppose. We are at the other one, lower down. My uncle would go there, though I wanted him to come here.' It has such a lovely situation. .Ecclea is on the road. ■ It is supposed to be the crack hotel,.and my uncle has a weakness for .'crack hotels.'- In that respect he is quite American. For my part I would always avoid them. They mean high charges, crowds, and inatten tion." : ■■■:■.- • He was talking now for the sake of talking, conscious all the time of . the slight figure so close to him, of the large soft eyes that rested on his face, of every movement of the small restless hands, swaying_ the white sailor hat to and'fro by its elastic fastening. Ho had .never known how much he had longed to see her again until this sudden meeting. The. feeling .which swept .over '-liim was -one that her nearness, and her laughing speeches intonBified each moment. She looked so small and delicate and fragile in this pale light that , his^ heart seem'ed to go out and-gather her up in, a warm: protecting embrace.as one would gather a-child -in one's arms who. was lonely, and troubled and un loved. " I think," he said, • at last, "you must have needed a holiday. You are very much changed." " 1 wonder'what you would have said if you had seen me when Ileft the hospital ?" laughed ' Nell..-"My brother thought it was my ghost ' when-im sawTne-ooiningiOff the staai^^p; But ;' ■, , . . _ . ; ,— ' now I am quite strong.and well; I don't need, any pity, I assure you." . " ' ■ ' v There .was another pause, and Deborah Gray came, to the 'rescue, and' suggested Tt was getting late and they ought to be returning. ■ " It is.cruel to shut oneself-out from such a ^lovely night and scene," pouted Nell; but all the same, she turned, and he with them, and ' they walked slowly up the steep path and through the wooded-grounds uutil the lights from the hotel came into view. . Dick Barrymore felt he had no excuse for lingering. - He' Stood, where his own road branched off, half afraid of the question trembling on his lips. Nell topk it ok for him quite naturally with a careless grace that made it seem a very ' ordinary one indeed. . "I-suppose we shall see you again," she said, " as we are fellow-travellers and so near one another. ■ I have a longing to be on, the . water to float all day among those islands. I suppose it is to be managed i" "Certainly," he said, with surprising eager ness. "It is our programme also for to morrow. -Would you. object to sharing onr . boat with us. We have an excellent man; he knows every * place and point of. interest about?' » "We pride ourselves on our independence," said Nellbut we may v as .well waive objeo tionsfor once. Whatsay you,Debbie ?' , And Debbie smiled and said .exactly what was expected of her. • (To be continued.) - 