A PLEA FOR TOLERATION. .We do nob here wish to deal with the ? possibility, or probability, of the ? Cardinal-Archbishop being elected to a ? seat on the Federal Convention. It goes without saying that the more men ? of the Cardinal's stamp, men of strong independent character, of accurate and profound learning, of solid judgment, ? and accustomed to the conduct of , great affairs, that will gather round the Convention table, the better it will be for the Convention and for Aus tralia. It goes without saying, too, that few countries can afford to dis pense with the services of really able men, and the wisdom of the Athenians in banishing Aristides from their city because he was 'too honest' has not ? commended itself to the common sense ? of the people that have lived in the world since, nor do we think that the ? coming generations of Australians will particularly applaud us if we disen ? franchise the Cardinal at this particu lar crisis of our history, because he has 'too much ability' and wears the garb of an ? ecclesiasistic. We never heard that the British Constitution was .? anything the worse because Cardinal Stephen .l^angton had some little to do with the framing of it, and the thousands who for many centuries now have claimed and enjoyed the blessings of the Habeas Corpus Act have not been filled with sorrow or anguish at the thought that it was owing to an ecclesastic that they were not rotting in a vile dungeon. It also goes with out saying that there is an appalling, killing apathj7 in the matter of Feder ation, and that if we are to ever have an Australasian Nation, it will be only when ignoring prejudice, bigotry, and political narrowmindednes, we appeal to the best and ablest men in the community to come to our assistance. The Romans of old took Cincinnatus from the plough rather than allow the Republic to perish through the want of a man of his courage and genius. We might profit a little in Australia by their sensible example, and in the interests of our country suppress for a short time our anti-clerical and bigoted provincial spirit. We only make these remarks by the way. We have matters of more profound importance with which to deal. The bare suggestion that the Cardinal was to be a candidate for a seat in the Convention made some prominent Australians and Australian news papers come forward and use whatever moral force they possessed to prevent him from allowing himself to be nominated. In other words they so far forget themselves and the free con stitution under which they are living as to attempt to deprive of the ordinary rights of citizenship one who fills a position of the highest importance and dignity in the Catholic world, and who is unquestionably one of the ablest, the most gifted, and the most patriotic men in Australia. Those who entered on this Star-Chamber and invidious course excused themselves on the ground that the Cardinal's candidature would inevitably arouse bigoted and sectarian feelings. In plain logic they admitted that because there are numbers of stupid, narrow-minded bigots in the colony, men devoid of even tne' remotest idea of the rudi ments of liberty, the Cardinal cannot take any prominent part in the public life of his country, and must content himself here with the position of those whom we deem unworthy of civil rights. The politicians and the news paper that took up this outrageous position of course implied that they were liberal-minded beyond a doubt, and admired the Cardinal's ability and his fitness to assist in framing a Constitution, but that every one was not a philosopher and as sensible as they and that the prejudices of the people should be consulted, and that the ' masses ' would not tolerate a Cardinal having anything to do with directing the public affairs of the country. Whatever sense of justice, fair-phvy, and liberty is in the country is to be found among the 'people' and the 'masses,' and it is a glaring insult to the splendid, democracy of Australia to assert that it has not risen above the mental squalor and wretchedness of the ' Yellow Pup.' Was it the ' masses ' or the ' people ' that was responsible for the ' Kiama ghost?' or was it they who made the Catholic community responsible for the act of n madman ? In the past as in the present politicians had the rascality to trade in bigotry for their own con temptible and selfish -''ends, and the only reservoir of bigotry that we know of at present is carefully and fondly preserved in the 'Sydney Morning Herald's ' office, in the breasts of a-few parsons, and of a few of the psalm singing members of the House in Maequarie- street. It is a libellous calumny for these narrow-minded creatures to cast their own pitiable sectarianism on the shoulders of the Australian people. The wretched hollowness of the ' Herald's ' article on the Cardinal's candidature was only too apparent from their demonstrative anxiety that it might in any way reflect on his dignity. The heart of the Hunter street organ would certainly break if the Cardinal's dignity were to run even the shadow of a risk of diminu tion. We ask it, however, to keep up its spirits, and we assure it of the fact that candidate or no candidate the Cardinal is fully competent to take care of his dignity. Then it pretended fear, too, lest that if he became a candidate his views would be criticised and canvassed, and, at the same time, it inserted letters from anonymous scribes that might have been written by any unreasoning bigot the day after the battle of the Boyne. We have never seen more clearly, than since the Cardinal's interview with the 'Herald' representative, the pro found wisdom of the reigning illustri ous Pope's policy in urging the bishops and priests of the world to turn aside from rulers, diplomatists and politicians, and descend to the people. If the ap peal of justice and religion is to be heard on earth, it will, be by making it ring in the ears of the great, suffering, crushed and struggling mass of human ity. Those who have either lyy birth, oi' fortune, or dishonest}', managed to scramble out from the mass of their fellows, are so entangled in vested interests and in selfishness that, even if they wished, they seem powerless to admit facts, and to act as true, brave, sterling men ought, AVhatever may be the outcome of tin's matter, the Cardinal cannot be too highly praised for his self-sacrifice in admitting his readiness, if asked to do so, to place his learning and ability on the altar of his country. He has proved in this that he is one in mind and heart with Leo XIII., and that he believes that his duty lies where the enemies of his Faith and his God wish him not to go. ' The priest to the sacristy' is the cream of the wisdom of modern in fidelity, what infidelity and irrel.igi.on demand that a priest or cardinal should be particularly careful not to do. We need not refute the invidious statement of the ' Herald,' that the Cardinal, if nominated, would be se cure of every Catholic vote in the colony. We believe that a certain amount of strong, underground op position to the Cardinal would come from a certain class of Catholics, and rumour has it that the politician who aired his opinion in an interview to the ' Telegraph' on last Friday, and who is ' not to be found at every street corner,' is a prominent Catholic. Outside of Australia, it would be un necessary to-day to assert that the Church has no political mission, and that it is to her a matter of the most supreme indifference whether Mr. Reid or Mr. Lyne, or merely a Catholic for that matter, should be Premier of New South Wales, nor does she care how many, or what class of delegates, should be elected for the Federal Convention. Catholics, both priests and laymen, however, in free countries, have- civil rights that in volve civil responsibilities, and it was a spectacle to make every, friend of liberty. and reason in the colony weep, when' a party backed by a powerful newspaper, expressed its dread of al lowing Cardinal Moran to enjoy the privileges and exercise the power that' our Constitution confers upon him. Personally, we should be delighted if the Cardinal allowed himself to be nominated, if it were only to expose how contemptible is the cry that has been raiser 1 against him. 