Crum&iS-; August 1, 54 years ago, the first representative assembly met in Sydney. A man named 'lliomas Fowler committed suicide at Walcha on Tuesday by taking a dose of arsenic. The revenue fur the past month slio.vs a decrease of £45,428. Rabbits attacked by chicken cholera are giving up the ghost rapidly in Queensland. Poor federation ! -Thrown out in Brisbane, anathematised in Sydney, stonewalled in Adelaide. 1'he New Zealand Minister of Public Works is in favor of a system of light railways. The Marquis of Salisbury advises Irish landlords to be moderate in their demands for rent. Mr. Lyne, speaking at Peak Hill on Saturday, said there were now more destitute people in the colony than at any previous time in its history. During two months 115,000 trees and 23,000 vines have been distributed by the South Austra tralian Forest Department. slikepownkrt in the Maranoa (Q.) district esti mate that their annual loss hy dingoes is 428,000 sheep, the loss of wool is computed at £55,710. Cootamundra has an enlarged area under crop to wheat this seasou. Wheat there is still in abun dance, and held at four shil lings. Early last month peach trees in the Molong district were in blossom, and a week later the Canoblas were capped with snow. One of the iron cylinders of the new bridge being erected over the Hunter River at Morpeth was washed away hy the recent flood. Pending payment of the war indemnity, says Lo>d Salisbury, some form of financial control in Greece is inevitable. At Curlewis, near Gunnedah, on Tuesday, a wo man named Mrs. Atkinson was burned to death througlijjher clothes catching fire. The stock lossesin the Dnbbo district through the recent drought were 1860 horses, 8300 cattle, 900,000 sheep, and 568,000 Iambs, A child named Markliam, 5 years old, while playing in the Grcnfell Park, was bitten hy some thing venomous, and died from blood poisoning. The road from Beefwood to Boggahilla is nearly all under water. Boggahilla has been without mails for eight days. Dr. Green, Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, is holding confirmation services at various centres throughout the Clarence district. A young man named John Falkiner was repair ing fences at Keliac (Vic.), when a piece of wire flew up and penetrated the side of his head to a deptli of 4in. He died soon after. At Iviandra the lowest reading of the thermo meter for the present winter so far has been lOdeg off zero compared with two previous winters, which were 14deg and 19deg below zero. The Shoalhaven News reports the finnding of a mushroom which was 6£ inches in diameter, and weighed 16ozs. It was one of a plot of thirty of similar size. A rabbit fence 011 the Queensland border, ex tending a distance of 112 miles, has just been com pleted at a cost of £6299, which is borne jointly by Queensland and New South Wales. Mr, T. R. ASHTon, of Deniliquin, is reported to have invented a new magazine rifle which is said to exceed the rapidity in fire of any other rifle by two shots to one. Mr. T. A. Dibbs entertained a large gathering, including the Speaker, the President, and many leading citizens at a banquet at his residence on Tuesday night in celebration of the 50th anniver sary ol his services in the Commercial Bank. A young chemist named Williams, who was lost in the hush fourteen days at Richmond, Victoria, suffered terribly. When found he was in au ex hausted state. Tommy Atkins used to get ' Made in Germany ' bayonets; he still has ' Made iu Germany' gene rals. Now, man o' war Jack is to take on a little Deutsche!- biz. In future he will he fed ou Zocsen preserved beef, also made iu Germany, According to Mr. H. S. Badgery, in 10 years Mninebush catt'e yards have cost the pnstoralists | in dues no less than £80,000. There was 110 mar- 1 ket in the colony where the agents hail expended I so muoh out of pocket, and tliey were as poor as ' church mice. A medicine glass has been invented with n par tition in the middle hy means of which disngreeal>le tasting medicine is separated from some highly- ; flavored liquid, or wine, which Lathes the lip jind ' mmith lieforp the do?e is swal|uwe(|. " ' I 