THIRD LENTEN DIS COURSE. BY HIS EMINENCE THE CARDINAL 'THE SANCTITY OF HOLY CHURCH.' At St. Mary's Cathedral on Sunday his Eminence the Cardinal presided at High Mass at 11 o'clock, and the Rev. Fathers Whyte and Bridge were assistants 'at the throne. Father Cax'ey was cele brant, and the Rev. Mr. Murphy and the Rev. Mr. Bergin officiated as deacon and sub-deacon i-espectively. The choir rendered Pa.lestrina's Mass unaccom panied. His Eminence having read the gospel for the day from the 11th chapter of St. Luke, delivered a telling address on the sanctity of Holy Church, in the course of which he said that on the previous Sunday they had considered the unity of Holy Church, and to-day he would ask them to consider the sanc tity of Holy Church, which was inti mately connected with its unity. In that glorious prayer of our Divine Re deemer to His Heavenly Father He re ferred to the glory which had been be stowed on Him, a glory not of this world, which was but an empty dream, an idle phantom, but the glory from on high. Again, at the close of the same most beautiful prayer, our Divine Sa viour beseeched that the Father would bestow the Divine blessing on the Church that the world might know that He had sent 'His Beloved Son, in whom He was well pleased, and that the same proof of love that had been showered on Him might be extended to His Church. As those Divine words were spoken to the Son from Heaven, so they have been addressed to the Church through all ages. The Prince of the Apostles, St. Peter, and the Apostle of Nations, St. Paul, cried out that He might sanctify His Church, that it might be holy and without blemish or fault. Another feature of the sanctity of the Chui'ch, they must bear in mind, was that the Church is a mystic body of the Beloved Lord Jesus, and so it is that through all ages the Church was the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever, reproducing the love and faith of the Redeemer. The pagan world of old was a counterpart of Satan, repro ducing the vices and passions that his followers revelled in, and which were set up and idolised. But in Holy Church they had set before them the holy life of Jesus to be a guide and a beacon to them for ever. In the life of our Divine Redeemer as traced in the Gospel they saw. Him ever engaged in prayer, and they .should follow His Divine example, so that their spirit should be ever perfected. Iiis life was one of meekness and humility, and His Holy Church had ever inculcated those beautiful virtues in all times, as pour trayed in the life of our Blessed Saviour. His life was also one of mercy, inviting all who were in sorrow and affliction to come to Him with their burdens, and Holy -Church from age to age, wherever the standard, of the Cross Avas unfurled, there they saw tho poor, tho needy and the sorrow-laden receiving the consola tions poiired forth by the Church to all nations, tongues and races. Again, His life was one of destitution and per secution. Even on the journey to Cal vary He was persecuted and reviled, and bade His persecutors to be pre pared to receive the peace of God. So in Holy Church, they were ever at war AVith the world, and thus she gained greater glory and triumph. They might ask whence comes this sanctity and graces, and blessings, and Divine truth imparted to the Church? The sacra ments a.re the fountains that consecrate the truths of the Church, and never cease flowing and imparting the Divine grace. In the Sacrament of Baptism the, Church takes the new-born infant and sets its seal on the young-born soul. The Sacrament of Confirmation quickened them in the faith and gave them strength to make them able to bear the burden of the Cross. In pen ance, that Sacrament of Mercy, if they fell aAvay from righteousness into sin, their souls were cleansed as the soul of the child had been cleansed from original sin by baptism, and the Good Shepherd, watching over them like a loving father, extended Iiis divine mercy to even the most fallen sinner that had repented. The sacraments were truly the agents of infinite love, and, as St. Augustine says, Peter may baptise, but it is the spirit that baptises and brings the quickening life of the sacraments to their hearts, Then in the Holy Eucharist they re ceived the very life and body of love and life -of the Divine Redeemer, that it may comfort them in affliction and strengthen them in adversity. In the sa crament of matrimony they had the blessing of Avedded life, and in Holy Or ders this blessing was perpetuated in the union Avith Christ Jesus. In Extreme Unotion the last stain of sin that may have yet remained on the soul was SAvept away, and Holy Church opens to the departing soul the gates of Heaven, and tells him that death is but the gate of life. Truly noble is the majestic teach ing of the Church in telling them that in the name of and through the mercy of Christ they Avill be guided to the feet of the Saviour and be united with the Church on earth and the Church in Paradise. Well did Luther, the author of the so-called reformation, declare that 'Protestantism Avas good enough in this life, but that in death it is bet ter to die in the Catholic Church.' How cold and unmeaning are the Avords ad dressed by the Protestant Church to the departing soul! But, Holy Church takes the departing spirit under her protec tion and invokes the prayers of the faithful all over the earth and the com munion of Saints in Heaven to lead the soul to the foot of the throne of grace. Some may say that if this be so all those who die in the Catholic Church are sav ed. He hoped that may be so, and that eA'ery one who opens his heart to the teachings of Holy Church is saved. It Avas only those who drew aAvay from the feet of the God of Mercy Avho condemn ed themselves, and Holy Church cannot force the blessings of the God of Mercy upon them. They will also say, if the Church is Holy and sanctified, where are the fruits of this holiness and sanc tiflcation? They had but to look at the history of Holy Church for an anSAver. God is a God of Wisdom, and what are the teachings of Holy Church but the outcome of that Divine Wisdom diffused throughout every land on the face of the earth. It Avas not earthly wisdom, but Divine truth, the source of perfec tion, and for the maintenance of one particle of which truth Holy Church is ready to forego all worldly benefits. The enlightened minds of the Apostles — saints and doctors of the Church — Avere never Aveary of setting before them, in all ages from the Apostles down, the splendour of these Divine truths. But it was not only in these enlightened minds that the Divine truth shed its glorious rays — the little ones in their schools, lisping their lessons, had the same truths borne home to their infan tile understandings, and those little ones know more of true wisdom than was ever enjoyed by the most profound Pagan philosophers of Rome and Greece or was ever enjoyed by the whole Pagan Avoiid. Our DiA'ine Saviour came to spread the fire of charity on earth, and it was the mission of Holy Church to diffuse this. Divine teaching and impart to the world the true blessings of Divine mei'cy. God is a God of fortitude, and he had imparted that Divine gift to those who believe in and call upon Him. In the early days of the persecu tion of Christians twelve millions of martyrs poured out their blood in de fence of their holy faith, and went forth to receive the bright aureole of martyr dom. ? Since those days six millions of saints had been added to the roll of the champions of the Holy Faith, and it Avas the same fortitude that upheld the children of Holy Church in every walk of life, whether in the midst of the battlefield or in the peaceful callings to which they devoted themselves. The great leader of the German Army, on being asked what he considered Avas che greatest display of heroism that had ever come under his notice during his long military career, answered without hesitation that he had never witnessed such heroism and selfsacri fice as that displayed by the brave Father Damien. in -devoting his life to tho lepers of Molokai. God is a God of virtue, and whether in the heroism of the baiitlefleld or in the peaceful do minions of the church, they ever found the cities of virtue adding the beauty of God's Divine gift to all the other attributes. God is a God of miracles, and it has pleased Him to reproduce those manifestations of his Divine power through all ages in order to show that the seed of heaven is soavii in His Holy Church for all time. They had examples in the lives of St. Peter, St. Augustine, St. Francis Xavier, and other great, followers of Jesus, and those miracles were as certain to them as any events that could be verified by human testimony. God is a God of liberty, and Holy Church had ever given them their freedom of conscience, that true liberty that ever emanates from God. No matter when or how the Avorld by false tyranny endeavours to impose on the conscience of the children of Holy Church, that Holy Church in terposes, and prevents the laAVS of jus tice from being sacrificed, and the mis sion of Holy Church is, to pronounco tho laAVS of honour, virtue, and truth. Now they Avill be asked by those differing from them in faith, 'If all this be true how is it there are so many sinners to be found in the church?' The same reprisals were of old delivered by the Pharisees to the Divine Saviour, and oh! what a Divine lesson did that Sa viour adduce to his apostles. 'It Is not those that are in health that stand in need of the physician, but the sick. It was those that are Aveary and sinking under difficulties that stand most in need of the helping hand to lift them up, and sustain them.' So Holy Church extends to them that are in need the consolations of heaven, and so long' aa this world remains so long will Holy Church offer to God the fruits of the poor sinners, who, through His teach ings, had been led to the feet of our Blessed Lord. Our Divine Redeemer likened them to the field in which tares grew up AVith the good seed, and which were alloAved to groAV together till the harvest Avas garnered, Avhen the tares were cast into the fire, and the Avheat was hai'A'ested. So those who led a bad life were alloAved to groAV up Avith the chosen, who led a good life, until the last day, when they would be separated as the chafl! Avas from the AVheat. Look ing back at the past they could see where the Holy Church had gone forth in every country and every age spread ing the truths taught by the Divine Son of God. And as the Apostles had gone forth from that upper room in Jerusalem, led by the Immaculate Mary, on the day the Holy Ghost de scended upon them, so has the Holy Church gone forth, eA^er led by the glo rious Mother of God, and She Avould eArer continue to be their guide, till they saw around them the glorious choirs of martyrs, all differing, us one star differs from another, the glorious army of doctors, confessors and choirs of Holy Virgins, and every race and every tongue would send its legions to join in that Holy Band, in Avhich band St. Patrick and countless croAvds of Erin's Virgin Saints would be found. It Avas a grand thing to be numbered among the saints of Holy Church, all av en cl ing their Avay to their eternal reAvard. It may be one day their glory to join that triumphant procession, and though the Church of Australia Avas the young est of Holy Church's children, he trust ed that many of the sons of this Church, and countless hosts of its daughters, Avould be associated Avith the grand procession of Apostles and martyrs, and the great saints of old, and come to the feet of the Saviour to receiAre the CroAvn prepared for them before the Throne of God. 