Facts and Fancy. (BY QUID NuscO) Gnosr yrirns end experiences are the rage just now in Broadford. One brave man the other evening met and con quered a. poor white horse, who was quietly taking a snooze on the common. It was alleged that this ghost has robbed several of their wits, and sent them into the land of hysterics. Another story goes that a young man was terribly startled by a white bundle on the top of a stick, the said stick being clad with a green window-blind. In this ease the frightened one caught his mate round the neck, and the second party on beholding the mys terious figure sought the refuge of his domicile as fast as his shank's pony would let him. A party then sallied forth to encounter the said mysterious being, but before starting out they were advised to take firearms, but they went unarmed, and found the ghost com posed of the materials above mentioned. Stage whispers and mysterious airs are the fashion now in certain quar. ter?. These experiences, as related by several of my friends, remind me of a gbost story -I once heard. In an English county- they were passing through one of these ghost periods, and tales of the scared ones appeared so realistic that even staid settled people began to be apprehensive. , One man, after washing day, was out in the yard at night-time. The wind was blowing hard, and the evening was one of those dreary, weird kind of times when any one with highly strung nerves can imagine all kinds of things from pitch and toss to manslaughter, and while in this mood on this moody evening, all of a sudden, and without a moment's notice, this man was seized round the neck by a clammy pair of arms. He rushed into the house shouting blue murder; scaring the inmates of the house with his hysterical yells, asking them to poll the monster off, and finished up, so the story goes, by swoon ing. When all were restored to their equilibrium it was found that the man had been standing near the a.othoo line, and owing-to the roughness of the night. a shirt was blown off the line, the arms of which strangely found their way round the man's neck, and he sus pecting the damp shirt to be some evil spirit (supposed then to be haunting ' the district), at once concluded that he was doomed. hence his frantic antics. Our imagination will lead us away into Queer-street if we do not mind. I might relate another story. It was a popular Methodist parson. He had been preaching at a distant station, and was returning home through" a bull oak forest by a narrow track. The wind was causing that peculiar moaning sound so well known to those who have ever been near one of these oak forests, and the minister being. in a fagged state after his day's work, was sur prised to find hri,, 1ym euddeoslasn,.-.. Sand let out a snort. Thu'moon was just rising in the east, and as the t parson looked forward to discover the cause of his horse's consternation, be saw something that gave him that peculiar feeling of hair- stand-on-end. It appeared as if there was some huge white-faced monster looking straight at him with'a peculiar light in his eyes from a fork in a tree, He soon pulled himself together and urged his noble steed forward, and at last with kindly coaxing he' succeeded in reaching the spot where the. monster was. On closer observation the ghost resolved itself into an inanimate thing. It turned out to be the whole of the bone of a horse's head, which had been stuck in the trek: fork, and the moon rising had caused the light Co shine through holes that once held the visual organs of the now deceased equine. The white bone, with the glaring eyebaells, the lonely track, and the moan of the oaks combined to make both horse and rider incline to the supernatural. This was a horse ghost, of course. It is admitted freely in financial circles that the payments made on account of the first instalmerit of the war indemnity of China to Japan had a very considerable influence on the London money market. The amrount of these payments to date is ;22,496,o46, of which, according to the Japanese budget statement, £?r,685,20o3 atillremains in the Bank of England and in the Imperial Bank of Germany to the credit of the Government of Japan. The second half of the indemnity, which amounts to eoo,ooo,ooo taels, equivalent to £z6,450,4go, is payable with interest in six annual instalments of £2,4,74748, the first payment being due -on the 8th inst. When this is paid Japan.will have over 6sl4,ooo,ooo to he credit in Europe? and the question is now being aOscussed as to whether to support the change in the currency standard the Japanese Go vernment will not import a large quantity of gold. This would tend to ease the local market, and thus enable the home loans, which form a part of the Govern. mrnent's financial scheme, to be placed on better terms. Any large attraction of gold to the Far East might have an in fluence on the money market in London, but financiers do not think this possibility will have any lasting effect. Japan is spendinglarge sums in various directions, and a very considerable proportion of these find their way into the pockets of foreigners, hence the gold will quickly return if sent away from Europe. "It is called Ning Shlim Yonn, which means 'Repose to the sptrit.'" Thus Mr. Hodges, Chinese interpreter, at an inquest on Kee Sam, a Chinese, whose death formed the subject of inquiry. Deceased, it appeared, had been ill recently and took a Chinese pill about the sire of a pigeon's egg. It contained honey, dates, matured or ripe earth, pith of tree berries, flakesof stacborn, species of wood, etc., but yet Kee Sam succum bed. Dr. Youl thought the pill had certainly acted as "a repose to thie spirit" in the case under notice. The medical testimony attributed death to malarial fever, and the jury found accordingly. To.day at i2 o'clock a general meeting of the Empress of India and Henry Foster syndicate will be held at the syn. dicate office,? Collins- street. ' : .:• 