A1VH)OW~OK~\VH EELS. The question uf the proper bicycling costume for ladles has not vet been settled. It is j generally understood that the knickerbocltei j suit is the most convenient; but women do not appear at prt-s. nt to have the courage of theii understandings. A few days ago. however, 1 ! saw a costume which struck me as peculiarly appropriate. The wearer—to judge by hti 1 head-dres-s was a widow. And she wore aij elegant pair uf knickerbockers made ot crape. Could she have more gracefully indicated thej combination of wheel and woe ?—'" The New Budget." • There are many men who are afraid o) ghosts who have nc fear of spirits. — Xliere are two parts to every enterprise, I great or small—the planning or preparation, j and the active carrying out of the plans i adopted. Fear, or rather caution, belongs to | the first; hope, energy, and courage to the j second. If either is allowed to intrench upon or absorb the other, defeat to that extent will ensue. All probtble difficulties,obstacles, ot untoward contingencies should be looked squarely in tbe face and fully provided for. But, when the time of action arrives, courage and resolution should take their place. Then it is that, if a prudent circumspection has guarded against the dangers, a manly and hopeful spirit may defy them. Bose-Bushes.—In order to secure a profusion of bloom, rose-bushes should be pruned every year; yet many families having rosebushes in their yards never prunce a bush ; consequently the crop of blossoms is necessarily light and of inferior size. Perhaps tberc is no other bush that will bear so mnch pruning. Ordinarily, the canes need to be cat back to a bare stab ; then, new •terns will be produced, on the end of which there will be one or more roses. Amateurs shonld know that roses will grow on the new wood that is produced the present season. All ot our own rose- boshes are cut back to about two feet in height; the old stalks are cnt to the ground, and the bushes that are allowed to remain consist of short stubs, a half dosen of which will yield a more abundant crop of large roses than twice tbe number of stalks that have not been pruned. In case the ground should be so rich as to produce an unusually large number of new •terns, let a part of them be cut] off. By removing a part of the stem, all the vigor of the buBh will be concentrated in developing a few large roses of exquisite beauty. Iron filings, iron turnings, and the litter of blacksmith^ shops are excellent to work into tbe ground about growing flowers of any sort. The iron or ferruginous material that the roots will collect from iron, imparts a rich and velvety appearance to the petals of the roses and other flowers. Rose-bushes ought to be pruned early in the season, before the sap begins to flow; and when the new shoots are growing pinch off the end to prevent a long, slender growth. After a stem is six to ten inches long, if it appears Bmall, pinch off the end just enough to remove the bud; tbe uf will then form a more stocky growth. It is a good practice to remove the old stalks every two or three years. Small farms in a district mean a great many advantages—better roads, frequent schools,_ better prices for produce, better cultivation, improved implements, lower taxes, and more frequent consultations among farmere for tbe advancement and protection of their interests; and when low prices and pinching times come, the small nam owner has a decisive advantage over the gnat propntor; he weathers the storm because he is out of debt, and when it has paned be is fond still safe under his roof, •bile debt, mortgage,and a sheriff's sate have •wept ths great farmer off to another region. Tim nviti ?li>ilcme is •'hows 