ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, AUGUST 31, 1897. INDIA AND AFGHANISTAN. The Indian Government must have ft strong conviction that the Ameer of Af- ghanistan is at the bottom ot the present trouble ia the Nortu-tfest Provinces -<*" when, in spite of bis calling God to witness that he was ignorant of the interned rising, it asks him to put generalities aside and answer certain specific questions. That is a very straight intimation to Abdur Rahman that neither his word nor his oath carry a high value in Calcutta at the present time. The very considerable prepara- tions which the Indian Government are making show that the rising is re- garded seriously. An army of 40,000 men is not moved up to that frontier -where transport is so diffi- cult and maintenance charges runs so high without there is believed to be serious need for such a force. For tbe present the tribesmen seem to have had distinctly the best of it. They have captured a number of forts, none of them it may be presumed very strong places, and they hold the Khyber Pass. The correspondent of The Times asserts that they hold this on sufferance. It would, be matter of no difficulty to drive them out of it, but this would serve no good purpose, for they would simply retire to reassemble elsewhere. - So far as the outer world knows, the) outbreak has been quite unexpected, and from tRe fact tbat the tribes- men have had the slight successes mentioned it seems reasonable to suppose that the authorities were to some extent caught unawares. All accounts agree that the outbreak had a religious origin. It is stated that the massacres by the Turks in Armenia and the failure of the European I Powers to execute vengeance has given I wide currency to the belief that the Sultan has obtained a great victory over the Christians, and the time is therefore opportune for Islam to once more become militant. One report goes so I fur as to say it is the firm belief among all the tribes that the Sultan has over- thrown Europe in a great war. The fanatics are preaching a holy war to willing ears, and^the result we see. But this view does not altogether square with the attitude of the Indian Government towards the Ameer. The tribesmen of the passes may believe any silly story which receives currency in the bazaars, but the Ameer is well in- formed as to the facts of rejwnT occurrences in Europe, and cannot be deceived by this preaching of the holy war. He knows "peTÍBctly well that the Sultan lias not been at' war with Europe, and also that thc Powers have him in pretty strict tutelage. Yet in the view of the Indian Government he has been aiding and abetting, if not actually planning and directing, this rising. Of course it may be held that the Ameer is simply taking advantage of the religious enthusiasm which is abroad at present in fullest vigour. He sees his chance in the holy war that is just now being preached, and has used it to his own ends. It would be vain for anyone here to speculate as to why the Ameer should enter on warlike operations against the Indian Govern- ment. He receives an annual subsidy of 1,800,000 rupees from the Indian Government, and unless he is far from the acute ruler he is believed to be he must be aware that Russia would treat bim in no such generous fashion. The Indian Government gives him that sum simply that lie may be friendly. He is not interfered with in the administra- tion of his territories. Within the borders of Afghanistan he is a despot, and however sternly he may rule the Indian Government will not interfere. He is obliged by tho covenant he has signed to enter into no agreements with any other Power except that of Her Majesty, unless with thc consent and approval of Her Majesty's Ministers. But that is the only restriction imposed on him. Let him couiply loyally with that, and be a true and faithful ally of the Queen, and he will not only be left in perfect free- dom to rule Afghanistan as he pleases, but he will receive this handsome Bubsidy with the utmost regularity, and will further be aided by the Indian Government should he at any time be in difficulties with his very unruly sub- jects. Moreover, alliance with Britain means protection against Russia. The British Government does not wish to abridge Iiis powers within Iiis own territory in the slightest ; the Russian Government on the other hand would treat him as it has treated in turn all the semi-independent sovereigns to the north of Afghanistan. There used to be a Khan of Mew, but if there is one now he is but thc ghost of Iiis foriunr self so far as power goes. And ns it was with tho ruler of Merv so would it be with the ruler of Afghnnistiiu if thc Russian eagles were permitted lo enter Kabul. There are, of course, always many who will see in this rising simply the craft of Russia, scheming as ever to secure a better position from which she may spring on India. Russia may liave duped the Ameer into the belief that he would bo acting strictly in his own interests if he transferred Iiis friendship from Her Majpsty the Queen to His Majesty the Czar. A religious war is always a great danger to British rule, for it is impossible to say who it may affect. This morning the cablegrams tell a very ugly story of the Sepoys opening the gates of one of the forts and admitting the tribesmen. It is but just though to add that another message states that the Sepoys who were on leave have responded loyally to J^iiß order that they rejoin their règl- ements. When the Armenian massacres ?were at their height, the argument was heard in some quarters that the British Government should be careful above all Governments not to rush too hastily into the quarrel, seeing the vast number of its subjects who were Mohammedans. Lorri Salisbury was particularly careful that he did not go to the help of the Armenians. He allowed the Sultan to work his savage will as he pleased, but it does not appear from the present position of affairs that he has his reward in contented Mohammedan ^subjects in India. Rather the opposite. The Mohammedans, excited by the un- doubted fact that the Sultan massacred Christians as he saw fit, without let or hindrance from anyone, are now propos- ing to follow his illustrious example. A Armenians were being done to death is being followed by the very results in India, which it was prophesied would attend any coercive measures applied to the Sultan. masterly inactivity when the Our Sydney messages this morning stat that an opinion is entertained there tha Queensland is very anxious to be represente! at the approaching sitting of the Federatioi Convention, and several of the delegates thiol the Convention should adjourn to admit o thia colony electing delegates. There is goo< reason to think that this willingness to post pone the sitting of the Convention ii order to meet the convenience of QueenB land fa not altogether candid. All tbi delegates to the Convention are by no meant enthusiastic supporters of federation, and delays being proverbially dangerous to anj movement they would not be unwilling to sec » pretty long one agreed to, no matter what the pretext may be. Both Houses of thc New South Wales Parliament have now dealt -with the Constitution Bill, and in the discussions Amendments were moved, and in the Council were carried, which were designed solely for the purpose of thwarting federa- tion. Not content with their victory in the Council, the anti-federationists introduced a bill into the Assembly last week which would simply have thrown New South .Wales out of the movement if it had beer passed. After the second silting of the Con vention the Constitution is to go straight tc the people for the referendum vote. Thii bill proposed that it should come back te the Parliament of, New South Wales from the Convention, and after being amended as Parliament saw fit it should go tc the people in that form. This would have meant that a different bill would have been submitted to the people of Nen South Wales from what would have beet submitted to the people of the other colonies, and supposing the vote bad been in the affirmative this would inevitably have pro- duced a deadlock. But the supporters ol federation in the Assembly were too strong, and the bill was rejected. So that danger ii removed, but 'the very fact that such a measure was proposed warrants a very strong suspicion of the candour ol those who are anxious to see the sit- ting of the Convention adjourned for a lengthened period. One of toe members ol the New South. Wales Assembly has been en- lightening the public as to the reason of the 1 hostility shown by Parliament to the federal bill. "Parliament," bb said, "WOB not an \--impartial critic of federation, because it would deprive about seventy-five members of seats io the Assembly, and would reduce the Council 1 to about twenty-five members, besides making "them politioal nonentities. Parliaments, like tnen, are pretty much alike (u all countries, and people 'in Queensland will have a shrewd suspicion that the New South Wales Council is not the only Upper House in Australia which is bitterly opposed to federation, * because it sees in that movement its owe virtual extinction. 