WHOSO pfDETHi B; WILLIAM Ls QUEUX, An£hor of 'Tb» Gmt War in England in 1697,' '2ankh,a 'Stolen SouIb,' 'Guilty BoadV 'A Secret Serrioe,' &a;, IMbBsned 'by spend arrangement with the author. Cbxfteb. xxxv. — Costessios. 'Her Highness baa this moment retained bom driving m'sienr,' answered the big Russian condora, whan, accompanied by Sania, I entered km ball of the great house in the A verms des Champs Eiyaees and handed him a card. Then a second servant in the Una and gold livery of the jRomanoffg conducted us core moniously along the soft-carpeted corridor to the Ypeli-remembered room wherein I had taken leave of the woman I loved. My com panion, in her neat tailor-made travelling gown of.dark grey cloth, looked a very different person to the dirtr, unkempt peasant woman Who led that hand of desperate gaol-birds on the frontier, and as abe glanced around the fine apartment on entering she observed, with a . Blight sigh, that this was not her first visit The afternoon was breathless. All Paris had leu for the plages of Arcachon, Dieppe, or Trouville, or the baths of Royat, Vichy or Luchon, and the boulevards were given over to unhappy business men, cafe loungers, and eoft hatted gaping tourists in check tweeds. The green jalousies of the room were closed, the senses were Buffnsed with a tender and restful twilight, for the glare had H»een tempered to suit the dreamy langour of that great mansion's world-weary mistress. The open windows admitted with air the faint sound of traffic from the avenue. A lad passing Bomewhere outside whistled a few bars from the gay chansonette, 'Si qu'op leur-z-y Frait ca, ' which Judic was singing nightly with enormous success at the Summer Alcazar. I noticed that upon tho piano there still stood my own photograph, while that of my betrayer had been replaced by a picture of my wife. With my back to the great tiled hearth, filled with ferns and flowers and surrounded by its wonderful mantel of Italian sculptured inarbln, I waited, while Souia, fatigued after our long and dusty journey, sank into one of the silken armchairs, unloosened her coat, and sniffed at her littlesilvor bottle of smelling salts. Scarce a word had sho uttered during ourdrivo across the city ffom the Gare do Lycu, so full eho seemed of unutterable sadness. During several minutes we remained in silence, when without warning the long doors of white and gold .were duner open by the flunkey, who, advancing iuta-the room, announced hia mistress. . .?.: ~.:\ ;,. Next instant we- were face to face. 'Ah! Geoffrey. At last!' she cried, with flushed cheeks, a smile of glad welcome light ing up her pale countenance as she rushed to wards me with both hands outstretched. A second later, noticing Sonia, she suddenly halted. Instantly a change passed over her face. She was unlike the gay, light-hearted girl who loved to idle up the quiet Thames backwaters or puut along the banks at sun down. She was different from the happy, trustful bride who had wandered with njfi during those autumu days iu quaint old Ch.iteauroux. She had none of the flush of joyous youth and the harder lines of resolve and determination were softened by an expres sion for which there is no better word than consecration. There wero eigna of endu rance in her face, but it was the endurance of the martyr, not of the champion. Facing Soma. she drew hereelf up haughtily and demanded in French in a harsh, angry voice — 'To what, pray, do I owe this intrusion? I should have thought that after what has passed you would not dare to come here. But I sup pose cool audacity is a characteristic that must be cultivated by a woman of your character.' Sonift rose slowly from her chair, her features haggnrd aud blanched, her head bent slightly, as Jf in penitence. No effort did she make to resent the bitter anjry words my wife hod uttered, hue, in a low tone, simply replied— ' I have como here with Geoffrey to tell you the truth.' 'The truth !' echoed the Grand Duchess vrlth withering contempt. '* Tho truth from buch as you ! Who would believe it ?' ' VVait ! Hear me before you denounce nie,:- Sonia urged in a strange, hollow- voice that sounded like one speaking in the far distance. ' I do not deny that mv presence may, .seem unwarrantable. I admit that Iwtwsen us there can no longer be friendship, yet«trange it is that, although you are honest, upright, and respected, while I am a social oubJ^ti spumed and degraded by all, there tjefcet'thrfess exists a common bond between us— the bond of love. You love Seoffrey, the man who by law is your husband, while I love another, r, man you also know,' and her voice faltered, 'the man to whom you denounced me as base and worthless.' 'Well?' asked Tilla, standing stern, up rjfihtj full of culm, unruffled dignity. She Btill wore tlio cool-looking summer gown in which sho had been driving in the Bois and had not removed her large black hat with its Ions ostrich plumes. 'You ore quite right, quite right,' Sonia admitted in a voice trembling with emotion. 'You were justified to undeceive him as you did. I know, alas, how blaok is my heart — how blunted is all the womanly feeling I onoe possessed, like you. But you have been nurtured in the lap of luxury, while I fed from infancy upon the offal of a slam and taught to regard the world from a cynical point of view, have grown old in evil-doing, .-rad am now a . mere derelict in the stream of life. Long apo we met and parted. I treated, you, as I did others, as an enemy. We have now met again and I, conscience-stricken and penitent, have corao to atone for the past — to prove your friend, to beg forgiveness.'1 My wife shrugged her shoulders with a gesture of quick impatience. 'Ah! You don't believe I am in earnest,' cried the. unhappy woman. 'Has it never occurred to you that I alone can free you from the bond that has held you aloof from your husband ? 'What. do mean?' cried Ella, with a puzzled expression. ' ' I mean,' she answered, in a deep, earnest voice ; 'I mean that, if you will make full and open confession to Geoffrey I will furnish you with proof positive of the identity of the murderer of Dudley Ogle. By this means only can you obtain freedom from your bond≥ of guilt.' ? ? ' My freedom !' echoed my wifo. She was pale as death ; tier hot, dry lips moved con vulsively and «he glanced at me in feverish apprehension. 'How can you give me my JreedomT ' By revealing the truth,' Sonia answered. 'When you have told Geoffrey all then will I disclose the terrible secret that I have selfishly kept from you because I envied you your .happiness.' The silence remained unbroken for some moments. Ella stood with her gloved hands clasped before her. The haughty de meanor of the daughter of the Romanoffs had entirely forsaken her ; with head bent she etood immovable as a statue. PteM* and despair showed themselves in her clear, bright eyas. It seemed as though abb mistrusted this woman ^F evil repute, whose assertions half induced her to confess to me. ? ? :'? ???? ? ' '?'-''? :' ? 'Come,' Sonia said. 'Speak, and free dom, love, and happiness, are yours.' Her breast, beneath its Jaee and -flimsy muslin, heaved and fell. Her fingers hitohed themselves nervously in the trimming of her gown. Then, at last, with suddon resolve, she turned and with terror-strioken eyes fixed upon ma said in English, in low falter ing tone — 'To confess to yon, Geoffrey, will cause you to hate, ah ! even to curse me. After to day I fear we shall part nover again to meet.' No, no,' I cried, advancing to take ber soft hand in mine. ' Tell me your secret. Then let us hear what Sonia has to reveal.' ' All ! mine is a wretched, horrible story of duplicity,' my wife faltered, standing in an attitude of deep dejection. ' Although I am a grand duchess, the bearer of an Imperial name, I can hope for neither pity nor mercy from you or from the world outside.' 'Why?5* ' ' Because I have foully decei ved you. I am a spy I' 'A spy!' I gasped, amazed. 'What do you mean ?' 'Listen ; I will tell yon,1' she answered in a hard strained voice, swaying slowly forward and clutching at the table for support 'Three years ago when my mother, the Grand Duchess Nicholas, was still alive we were spending' some months as usual at our winter villa that faced the -Mediterranean at St Eugene, close to Algiers, and iny mother engaged as valeb de chambre an Englishman. Soon this man grew, I suppose, to admire me. He pestered me with hateful attentions and at last had the audacity to declare his love. As may be readily imagined, I scorn fully rejected him, treated him with contempt, and finding that he Btill continued his protesta tions, meeting me when I went for walks along the sea-road to Algiers or under the palms and orange groves in the Jardin Marengo, J one day, in a fit of ill- temper, disclosed to my mother the whole of the circumstances. The fellow was at once discharged, but before he left for Europe ho wrote me a letter full of bitter reproach and expressed bis determina tion to someday wreak vengeauce upon me as well as upon a young- Englishman whom he suspected that 1 loved. His suspicions, how ever, were entirely unfounded. I, known at home and throughout all our family by tho pet name of 'Tcherno-okaya,' or 'Sparkling Eyes,' a nickname taken from our Russian poet Lermantoff, had met this young English man quite casually when one day while passing through the Kasbah I was insulted by two half-drunken Arabs and he had esoorted me home. Then, when we parted, he had told me that he was staying at the Hotel de la Begence, opposite the great white mosque and gave me his name. It was Dudley Ogle.' Chapter XXX VL— The ..Thrall. ' Dudley Ogle !' I echoed in blank amaze ment. 'Are 'you certain that the servant's suspicions were devoid of foundation ?' 'Absolutely,' she answered in quick breath lesBness. 'In those days I was supercilious and disdainful, being taught to regard my dignity as Grand Duchess with too great a conceit to make a mesalliance. My mother used constantly to urge that in the marriages contracted by members of our family love was not absolutely necessary — position was every thing. Well, the months went by. We left Algiers, returned to Petersburg, and soon afterwards my mother died, leaving me alone. I found myself possessor of great wealth, and when after a period of mourning I reappeared in society I was courted end flattered by all sorts and conditions of men. In a year I grew tired of it all and longed to return to England, the land wherein I had spent many years of my youth ; therefore I engaged a woman to pose as my mother, end dropping my title went to London and lived there as Ella Liaing. Then — then I met you,' and she paused, looking earnestly into my faoe with her deep blue eyes. To me she had embodied everything that was fair, honorable, aud pure, yet I had dreaded some sinister peril from an unknown source. 'And we loved each other,' I said simply. 'Yes,' Bhe went on fervently. 'But from the first I was fettered, being unable to act as ' my heait prompted. I loved you fondly and knew you wished to make me your wife, yet I dared not to risk such a step without the per mission of our house. I went to Petersburg, explained who and what you wero, and craved leave to marry you. A family council was held, but the suggestion was unani mously denounced asa piece of sentimental folly. Ah, shall I ever forget that night ? I pleaded to them upon my knees to let me obtain hap piness in your love, but they were inexorable and refused. At length, when in a moment of despair I threatened that if shut out from love by the barrier of birth I would end uiy life, a suggestion was made— a horrible, infamous one, prompted by Makaroff; Minister of the Household. Yet I was ready to commit any act, to do anything in order to secure happiness with you. Permission was given me to marry you on condition that I entered the Secret Service as spy. I appealed personally to tho Czar, but in vain. You were in the Earl of Warnham's confidence and as it was seen that from you I could obtain information which would be of greatest utility to our Foreign Department.' 'So you accepted,' I said sternly. ' Yes. I accepted their abominable condi tions because I loved you bo well, Geoffrey,' the said gloomily, her trembling hand upon my shoulder. *' It was not my fault, indeed it wasn't. If I had known what was to follow I would have killed myself rather than bring about all the trouble and disaster for which I became responsible.' *' No, ' I said. 'Don't speak like that' 'I would,' she declared despairingly. 'What followed was a dark' mysterious tragedy, while all the time I knew that you must suspect — that after all you might forsake me. Within a week after binding myself irre vocably to the Czar's army of spies I made a discovery that held me appalled. I found that my master, the man to whose will I was compelled to submit, was none other than our discharged valet de chambre— the man who two years before had declared his love. At the time my mother had engaged him he was already in the secret service and had '90 doubt kept watch us. He came to me at the. Nook and, exulting in the fact that I had become bis puppet, re newed his protestations of affection. When, frankly, I told him' that I bated him and loved only_ you, he at once informed me, with a grin of satisfaction, that the depart ment in Petersburg found it compulsory to obtain possession of a copy of a-Becret conven tion at that moment being concluded between your country and Germany and that I must get possession of it at any cost through you. .t was in order that I might; betray you that the Imperial permission had been given to our marriage. In indignation I refused, where upon he threatened to expose me to yon as a Russian spy, and I saw only too clearly that any such revelation must end for ever our acquain tance. He oajoled. .urged; threatened, and ex plained alt the elaborate precautions that had -een taken by two clerks in Russian pay at your Foreign Offioe in order that on a certain day you should carry the precious document in your pooket and how he had prepared the dummy envelope sealed with your Minister's seal. At hut — at last, after striving long and vainly against the performance of this ignominious action that I knew must reflect on your lionnatv. I was compelled to submit Ah1 you cftnnovef know ;wln*t agony , suffered. I verily beUera that in; tho3e''f ew dayffthe terrible vengeance of that scoundrel drove me insane. The hideous 'ghost of the past causes me to shudder whenever I think of I echoed her sigh, bat no word escaped me. Her rovelntions were astounding. I had never suspected her of being actually a spy, although the discovery of the stolen convention in her escritoire had lent color to that view. 'I deceived you,' she went on in a hard monotonous voice. ' But only because I loved you so fondly and dreaded that this man who had vowed long ago to wreck my life would expose and thus part us. Yet I coirtd not bring myself to commit the theft. How could I place upon you— the man who was all in all tome— the stigma or having traitorously sold your country's secrets? The man who held me enslaved and whose attentions ' I had spurned exulted in his malevolent revenge. Once he offered if I would renounce all thought of you and treat him with more cordiality to commit the theft himself, but I refused, deter mined at all hazards to remain with you as long as possible. Once it was thought that the secret convention would be sent to Warn ham Hall and I was compelled to go down there to devise some means of obtaining it I found Dudley staying in the village ana we re turned to London together. The end must soon come, I knew. Therefore I lived on in daily terror of what must follow. At last the day dawned ou which I had^_to meet you at tho Foreign Office and fik-li from you the bond of nations. After breakfast I stood out on the lawn by the sunny river's brink contemplating suicide rather than your ruin, when there rowed up to the steps Dudley Ogle, who hailed me, inviting me to pull up to Windsor and there lunch with him. At once I accepted, and after embarking told him of my dilemma and besought his assistance. As you know he was a good amateur conjurer and skilled in feats of sleight of baud. Without thought of the consequences he resolved to commit the theft for my sake, and when I hod fully explained all the facts and given him the dummy envelope that the cunning chief of the 'Okhrannoe Otdelenio' had prepared he turned the boat and put no ashore at the Nook, afterwards rowing rapidly down to Shepperton to change and go at once to London.' 'He did this because ho loved you !' I ex claimed sternly. 'No,' she answered reassuringly. 'Poor Dudley was simply my friend. He called on you mid extracted the document from your pocket while you lunched together, because he saw in what a dilemma I was. He knew I loved you dearly aud never once spoke a single word of affection to me. That I swear before heaven. What followed hie visit to Downing street I have only a hazy idea, so full of awful anxieties was that breathless day. From Waterloo station he telegraphed to me that he had successfully secured the agreement and handed it to the chief of spies. The latter, who had been waiting in Parliament-street expecting me, seeing him, took in the situa tion at a glance and approaching him asked for the document which he had given up. Au hour afterwards, fearing that you might suspect me, I telegraphed to you at Shepper ton to dine with us, well knowing that already the text of the convention was at that moment being transmitted to Petersburg and that war was imminent. You came ; you kissed me. I loved you dearer than life, yet dreaded the frightful consequences of the dastardly act I had instigated. Suddenly, while we were at dinner and you were laughing, happy and un conscious of the conspiracy againBt the peace of Europe, a thought flashed across my mind. I well knew that an awful conflict of armed forces must accrue from my deep, despicable cunning, and it occurred to me, as I Bat by your side, that I would, using the secret cipher I had been provided with, telegraph to Peters burg in tliename of the chief of spies, assur ing our Foreign Department that a mistake had been made. I slipped out and running down to the telegraph office just before it closed sent a message to an unsuspicious looking address, stating that the text of the conven tion already sent had been discovered to be that of a rejected draft and not that of the actual defensive alliance that had received the signature of the Emperor William,' ' Then it was actually this message of yours that prevented war-J' I gasped in profound astonishment. 'Yea,' 6he answered. 'Before receipt of my telegram all preparations were being made for the commencement of hostilities, but on its arrival the .Czar at once countermanded the mobilisation order and Europe was thereby spared a terrible and bloody conflict. Ah ! that was indeed a memorable night, brought to a conclusion by a dark and terrible tragedy.' Her astounding disclosures held me dum founded. I remembered vividly how, during our lunch at the Ship, Dudley had risen and gone out to the bar to speak to an acquaintance. It was at that moment, having stolen the document from me, he glanced at its register number and imitated it upon the dummy' with which Ella had provided him. 'But how came you possessed of the original of the convention ?' I asked. ' A week before I fled from you I received it by post anonymously,' she replied. ' When compelled by my enemy to leave you and re turn here to my true position I unfortunately left it behind and knew that, sooner or later, you must discover it. The man who, with the Czar's authority, held me under the lash still holds me, the plaything of his spite, and threatens that if I allow you to como here and occupy your rightful place as my husband he will denounce me to the British Government as a spy. Hence I am still his puppet ; still held by a bond of guilt that I dare not break asunder.' 'Be patient,' urged Sonia, in a deep, calm voice. 'Be patient and you shall yet be free.' 'Ah, Geoffrey,' sobbed my wife, her blanched, tearful face buried iu her hands, 'you can never, I fear, forgive. After all, notwithstanding the glamor that must surround me as Grand Duohess, X am but a mean, despicable woman who foully betrayed you, the man who loved me.' 'You atoned for your crime by your suc cessful effort to preserve the peace of Europe,' I amwered. 'Yes, yes,' she cried with a quiver in her voice there was no mistaking for any note save that of love, 'but, alas, I am in the power of an unscrupulous knave who parted as because he saw me happy with you. Can you ever for give me? Can you, now you know of my unworthiness, ever say that you love mo ae truly as you did in those bygone days at the Nook? Speak. Tell ma' ' Yes,' I answered, fervently pressing her closely in affectionate embrace. 'I forgive yon everything, darling.' ' You ' sinned ; but, held as you have been by the hateful con ditions imposed upon you by a base unprin cipled villain, I cannot) blame but only pity you.' 'Then you still love me, Geoffrey t' she cried, panting, gazing up into my face. For answer I Dent until my lips met hers in a long and fond caress. In those moments of eostacy I was oonsdoua of having regained the idyllio happiness long lost. Even though her Btory was full of bitter and terrible sorrow and rendered gloomy by the tragic death of her Belf-sacrifioing friend, the truth nevertheless brought back to me the joys and pleasures of life that not long ago I believed had departed from me for ever. Again and again our lips met with mur mured words of tender passion— she declar ing that ber crime had been flagitious and un pardonable yet uEoruur me of what I now . ? . , ???-.? ? - * « felt convinced, thather lovebad been unwaver ing. If it were not that *bti had resolved to renounce her title and become tny wife she would never have fallen beneath the' vassalage Of the infamous -scoundrel who sought her Bocialmin. ? Thus we stood together looked in each other's arms, exchanging onceagam vowsof love eternal, while Sonia stood watching us, sad, silent, and motionless save for a, deep eitrh that once escaped her. She knew that supreme happiness had come to the woman she had once denounced as my bitterest foe. CONCMJSIOIf. ? It was 4 o'clock on the following: afternoon. The black iron-studded doors of the Bank of England were just dosing. The beadle mopped his brow. The traffic around the Royal Exchange was becoming more congested, as it generally does at that hour, and perspir ing clerks hurrying along Tbreadneedle-street sought the shady side, for the sun was etill powerful, 60 hot indeed was the season that general permission had been granted every where in the City to wear the Jacket suit and straw headgear reminiscent of Margate in place of tho conventional silk hat and frock coat Although in the West the houses were mostly closed and thousands were absent in the country and by the sea, the great turbu lent, buBtling crowd that conRtitutes business London showed no sign of inactivity or de crease, as, accompanied by. my wife and Sonia, I walked up Old Broad-street to that pile of offices known as Winchester House, through the swing doors of which passed a constant stream of hurrying clerks. - By the lift we ascended to the second floor, and then passed down a long corridor to a door on which was inscribed the name of ' Mr. Andrew Beck.' We entered a large office of business-like aspect, where some dozen clerks were busy writing, and were informed that their principal, although absent, would return in a few miuutes, therefore we decided to wait and were ushered into a comfortable private room, one door of which opened on to the corridor. Scarcely had we been seated a few moments when the click of a latch-key wa« heard in the door and my friend Beck entered. He was well dressed as usual with a green-tinted car nation in his button-hole aud a glossy hat with brim of the latest curl stuck a rriflo rakishly upon his head. The instant he confronted us the light died out of his f Bee. lie drew himself up with a quick look of sus picion, while from hiB lips there escaped a muttered imprecation. Without further ado he turned on his heel as if preparing to make a hurried exit, but in a moment Sonia, detect ing his intention, sprang towards the door and, prevented him. 'Well?' he asked with a sorry endeavor to remain cool. ' Why are you all here ? This is an unexpected pleasure, I assure you.' It was Sonia who, standing before him with dark, flashing eyes, answered in a tone of fierce hatred and contempt— 'I have come, Andrew, to present my; con gratulations upon your, forthcoming marriage,*' she said, with her pronounced foreign accent. ' They could have been conveyed by a penny stamp,' he retorted impatiently. 'You taunt me, do you?' ehe cried in a towering passion. 'You, the cunning, cowardly spy whom I shielded because you professed Jove for me. Had I spoken long ago you would have met with your deserts, either at the hands of the Nihilists or at those of justice. Although myself a criminal I yearned for love, and foolishly believing that you cared for me preserved the secret of your guilt, allowing you to wreck the happiness of Geoffrey Deedes, the man who twice proved my friend, and of Elizaveta, the only honest woman who ever spoke kindly to me or en deavored to induce me to reform. Because you were chief of the Czar's spies and I was. notorious, with plenty of money always at command, you imagined that you held me irrevocably. Well, f oratimeyou did. Your fake protestations of affection caused me to refrain from exposing your base cunning and heartless infamy. It was you, with your renegade under ling Kcnouf, who contrived to get me intro duced to Elizaveta in order to further rour own ends ; but it waa you also, when fearing that I might make some ugly revelations, made un founded allegations against me to Genera] Sekerzhinski and informed him of my where abouts, so that I was compelled to tiy from Pembroke-road and seek shelter where I could.' His eyes were fixed upon her with a look of fierce hatred and he muttered some incoherent words between his teeth. ' YeB,' she went on defiantly, ' I know you are anxious to close my lips because of the startling disclosures it is within my power to make. The department in Petersburg have in you a keen, cunning spy, but when it becomes known throughout England that Andrew Beck, the popular member for West Rutlandshire, i« in the pay of the Russian Government do you anticipate that you will still occupy your seat in the House of Commons, or at the committee you have eo ingeniously obtained for the investigation of the strength of England's de fences V' He started. His face was ashen pale ; hia cigar dropped from his nerveless, trembling fingers. 'Geoffrey.' she went on, 'has already leard from Elizaveta how cleverly you tricked ber and with what dastard knavisliness you compelled her to instigate the theft of the secret convention. She ? ' ' Then the world shall know that the Grand Duchess Elizaveta Nicolaievna is in the secret service,' he cried fiercely. 'She has betrayed her country and her kinsman, the Emperor.' Sonia, smiling in contempt, said — 'The denunciation will be your own con demnation/' ' Why ? What havo I to lose ?' he asked indignantly. 'Your life. The police have not yet for gotten the tragedy at the Nook.' He glared at her open- mouthed. . 'Perhaps it may be well at this, moment to recall some facts that you may have found con venient toforget,' she went on ruthlessly, while I, standing beside Ella, drank in eagerly every word. 'You will remember where you re duced the stolen document to cipher, imitating Dudley's handwriting on the telegraph forms. It was at my house. The envelope containing the agreement bad been opened in the 'cabinet noir' at the Embassy, the intention being to re place it at the Foreign Office. But it was I who broke the seal. In your hurry you left the document behind and even when you returned two hours later your mind was eo full of other things that you did not remember it, bo I gummed down the cut edges and sent it after wards to Elizaveta. When you came the' second time you bad'Vitb you a pair of man's gloves. Whose they were I know not, but you rot me to sew insido the index finger of the left hand a tiny jagged splinter of trials and upon that glass, when you thought 1 did not observe you, you smeared some of that fluis that Ruyandez, the HaytCan merchant, had given me long ago. That poison I kept locked away in a small cabinet* bud mary monthd before I had shown it to you and explained that it was somo.of that used by the Obeh men, and so rapid was it in effect that one single rop would cause paralysis of the heart within five minntes without leaving any trace of Kuson. Yon obtained a key to that cabinet, for when I had gone from the room on that afternoon I watched you unlock it, take out le reed containing the decoction, and prepare the glove.' ' Liar r gasped Beok. 'I didn't touch it.' 'The glove* ehe oontinued7 u belonged to Pudley Ogle.. That S3 ay. $3ileayeja had Jttfa ' ' him;tlM#yo4»f»»Pl»r ^Me.iSn^h J?«lia-» ment,--was the -thief of Russian spies, '-and you feared lest he ahould expose you, as n6 doubt he would have done if you bad not, irittt . cowardly cunning,' taken his life.' ' ' , ' . '-'x ' Murderer J' cried EUa amazed. 'Yon-» you killed him ! Ah ! I suspected it Tell us, Sonia, how it was accomplished?' ' '? The gloves .this man brought to my house were a pair he had taken up by mistake when at Shepperton on the previous evening. For cool and desperate plotting the manner in which he killed the man he feared was astound ing, for having introduced into the finger of the glove the tiny piece of glass he, during that evening at the Nook, took out of his victim's gloves from hia overcoat in the hall and replaced them by those prepared. When Dudley left to walk home he bade farewell to you and at once proceeded to put on his gloves, received a scratch on the finger so slight as' to be almost unnoticeable, yet within five minutes the effects of the poison hod reached his hearb and he was beyond human aid.' 'Amazing,' I cried, regarding my whilom friend with intense loathing as he stood before ns, his face a ghostly hue, 'It's untrue. Who will believe aush * woman T' he cried. 'Everyone will,' Sonia retorted quickly. 'See, here is the proof,' and she drew from her pocket a ? well-worn suede glove of dark grey, which I recognised at once as being one of the kind always worn by Dudley. 'Tho splinter of glass is still inside.' The man who had led the double life of spy and legislator and who had amassed a great fortune in his speculations in African gold stood livid with terror-Btricken eyes rivetted upon the evidence of his crime like one trans fixed. 'The Czar will have no further employment for a murderer,' exclaimed Ella at last ' Neither will the House of Commons permit a spy to sit in its midst When I consented to enter the secret service of his Majesty it was with one object— toobtain permission to marry. This I have attained, and because of Geoffrey's generosity aud free forgiveness I have now no further fear of the opinion of the world or of revelations by a man who is proved to be a murderer. At last I have secured freedom from your hateful tie.' 'Then you intend to denounce mef Beck cried, glancing round with a wild, hunted look. iwenty-iour nours trom now 1 snail place Lord Warpham in possessiotf of the whole of these curious facts. If ycu are still upon English soil you will be arrested for the murder of my friend,' I answered calmly. 'I see plainly how, while I left you alone with the dead man, you placed in his pocket the brass seal found upon him, ana how ? cleverly you' managed to mtroduco the bogus passport and evidences of forgery among his possessions. - Yours was a devilish ingenuity, indeed.' 'If I fly, you will not follow ?' ho gasped eagerly, ? 'Wherever you may hide you will be followed by your guilt,' I answered. 'A murderer can hope for no forgiveness from his fellow men.' With his chin sunk upon his breast and his wild eyes downcast he stood in eilence, leaning heavily against tho wall. Then, slowly, with a final look upon him, I passed out behind my wife and the pale-faced woman who bad so clearly substantiated her terrible charge. The vengeance he had sought to bring upon Ella bad fallen upon him and completely crushed him. . Iu the library at Berkeley-square on the following afternoon I explained the whole of the startling facts to the wizened, ascetic old Bar], who sat speechless in amazement when he realised that Andrew Beck was actually a foreign spy. It was during the conversation that followed I learnt that the man so dearly loved by Souia was Cecil Binghain, tho young country gentleman who, known to both, had sought to assist Ella in unearthing the identity of Dudley's murderer. Sonia had misjudged my wife entirely, for she had never denounced her to Cecil aud ths latter being at that moment a guest in the Earl's house was sent for and before us all the pair became re conciled. Elizaveta Nicolayevna, or Ella, as I still call ler, haa now renounced her country and jeconie thoroughly English. A year ago Lord Warnbam, assured of my wife's probity, for greatly to 11. Grodekoffs dismay, she had given some valuable information re garding the activity of the Hussion Secret Service at Downing-street, appointed me to a responsible post at our embassy in Paris, so that wo now iivo together at the big white bouse in the Avenue des Champs Elysees, while Sonia and Cecil are also married and live quietly in a quaint old manor house near Winchester. It was only the other day, how* ever, that wo heard mention of Andrew Beck, the popular legislator who had so mysteriously accepted stewardship of tho Chi] tern Hun* dreds. There was a paragraph in the news papers stating that he had been found drowned in the Scheldt, near Antwerp, and foul play was suspected. Then Ella explained to me that the woman who had passed as her mother, Mrs. L&injr;, was, she afterwards discovered, a well-known Nihilist aud it was in order to keep observation upon her that the detective Renouf had entered her service. This woman, whose real name was Sophie Grunsberg, was greatly incensed against Beck on account of certain fake accusations he bad made against members of the revolutionary organisation and there 'tras little doubt that he had fallen beneath their far-Kaching vengeance. Here, as I pen these last few lines of my strange story of England's peril, my own be. trayal, and my wife's fond love, Ella, with sweet, glad smile, moves forward to stroke my hair with soft, caressing hand. The odor of sampaguita pervades her chiffons and stirs within me memories of. the' past. We are together is the room I know eo well, with its great windows overlooking the leafy avenue. It ib warm, the jalousies are closed, and from somewhere outside the gay air 'Si qu'on leuri- z-y frait ca' is borne in upon the summer wind. At last our days are full of passionate Iovfl and idyllic happiness. Verily there is great truth in those words of Holy 'Writ, 'Whoso findeth a wife, findeth a good thing.' {The End.] 