THE FEDERAL PATTER OF JOHN HAYNES. This is the nonsensical stuff Mr. John Haynes has been ladling out iu the country. It should be quite sufficient to spoil his chanoe of assisting in the nation making. The extraots are from the Goulburn Herald : — Mr. Haynes: 'I've been a public man of many parts for years. I was iu gaol onoe.' A voice : 'Ton ought to be there now.*' Mr. Haynes : ''Yes, of course — as governor over you. Now, I wouldn't have said a Word about meetiug that gentleman in Darlinghurst only he interrupted me.' An elector : ' You can't stop the alien races coming into tha colony under the British con stitution.' Mr. Haynes : ' Oh, yes, we oan ; we stopped the Chinamen. I don't know how you got in.' In his speech on Wednesday night Mr. Haynes referred to Mr. J. T. Walker as ' Hookey Walker, the Sunday Democrat.' Referring to the military corps — the Old Guards — recently formed by Sir George Dibbs, Mr. Haynes said that the only weapons they required was a long-sight telescope so that they might see the enemy at a distance, and that the uniform should be bullet-proof at the back. ' What about Crick? ' said an elector to Mr. Haynes. ' Oh, Criok's all right,' said the irrepressible John. 'I doalt with him quickly, and made him change his address iu five minutes from Bondi to the Infirmary.' 'Whioh O'Connor do you mean ?' said an elector to Mr. Haynes. 'Is it Dan P' 'Oh, no,' said Mr. Haynes. ' Dan's all right. If he says anything ou the platform you don't like, he'll meet you on the stairs and ask you to come and have a little chat in the private room. Oh, Dan's all right; you need never bo afraid of Dau's principles.' ' I've a brother a lawyer,' said Mr. Haynes. ' Ho's tho only one of the family that ever wont wrong.' ' I know you've got the best body of alder men in tbe colony here,' said Mr. Haynes. ' I say that everywhere I go.'1 ' I like to have a cut at these lawyers,' said Mr. Haynes. ' They're as easy to pull to pieaes as a boiled fowl.' ' This cry of defence,' said Mr. Haynes, ' was first raised when wo were told that there were 400,000,000 Quong Tarts coming over from China, to capture Australia. They tried to frighton us with pigtailed ghosts.' Mr. Haynes : 'Armies are concerns in which the upper-crust get billets for their sons. If a man has two sons, and one of them happens to be a radical, ho puts him into the army. If the other is a weakly follow, ' they make a Clergyman or a Member of Parliament of him.' ' The qualification for officers in Dibbs' Old Guards is the length of - shanks,' so says Mr. Haynes. Mr. Haynes says that Mr. J. C. Neild, who is now iu England, had the words ' Major General J. C. NeiUl ' painted in white letters on his portmanteau aud boots wheu lenviug for England. Mr. Haynes: ' Some men went into Parlia ment fof social masons, aud as soon as they got in they swelled out to twice their size, puffed out their chests liko pouter-pigeons, and contracted opthalmia whioh prevented them from seeing the men who had worked for them before the declaration of the poll.' ' Wo want no armies.'' said Mr. Haynes. 'Your electors' rights are all tho weapons you want in this country.' 