? Singular Sleep-Walker. I YOONG WOMAN'S 1TAKDEBINOS. Colorado is known to the people of America as the home of the tornado. Denver is its capital, with a celebrity for manufacturing enterprise. It contains, however, some things that are not entered in the guide book and gazetteers._ For instance, it bas at present Annie Rossman, a remark- able sleep-walker, whose unconscious journeyings about the city late at night have made her. a familiar person to the police and the public She is now in tho hospital. The precautions taken by thu attendants of the latter institution to keep her from going abroad during ber active slumbers aro certain to prove effect- ive. She is kept all alone in a ward that is equipped with the most securely fnstened windows and doors in the entire hospital. Night and day a nurse is within hearing of even_ her slightest movement. The physician is studying her case with a view to prescribing a regular system of treatment, lt is agreed by the best neurologists that Miss Rossman is the most interesting somnambu- listic subject that ever came uudor their notice. She is now in her 27th year. When she first arrived Miss Ross mun entered one of tho local business colleges, from which, despite her trouble, she was graduated in due time. Her nocturnal travels, how- ever, so exhausted her in mind and body that she was unable to hold any of the positious she . obtnined more than a brief period. During her stay in the city alie had been .conveyed to her home by the police on at least ISO different occasions. Except once or twice she was nover known to leavo her room until uftor midnight. Usually she wandored about the business section of the city, CIOBO to which she always rather wisely livod, until the police got her. She walked straight ahead, with automaton appearing strides, until some startled person drew the attention of a policeman to hor. As a rule the first person who saw hor gave tho alarm to tho officers. Her appearance was quite enough to catch tho attention of even the least observant pedestrian. In her uncon- scious preparations for a nightly ramble she always dressed in a gown or wrapper. Sometimes she added stockings to this article of appa roi, but was never known to don either shoes or headgear. Thus attired, she stalked along, heedless of vellidos or other street obstructions, Uko a spectre evolved from tho midnight atmosphere. More than one terri tied citizen who saw her under these cir- cumstances took her for a veritable ghost. Whon spoken to she paid no attention. " The first time Annie _ Rossman came under my care," said Police Surgeon Mack, " I wasted nearly an hour in trying to restore her to con- sciousness. I used every known I means for that purpose, but without the least effect. Since then I learned Unit she must be allowed to wake of her own accord, us aids to that end are of no avail whatever in her cuse. Her first aigu_ of awakening comes when she begins to pass ber bunds over different parts of her body. She does this as if nor mind wore trying to puzzle out who or what shu is in her physical existence. When sh» became fully conscious sho never could remember what she did or where she ' had been in her sleep- walking state. She always realised her position, however, and used to ask where we had found her and what she had been doing. Our answers caused her much apparent mortification. Invariably she burst into tears, and showed every sign of deepest distress. -To my questions about herself she sometimes gave intelligent and truthful answers only half awake, but when entire self consciousness returned sho closed upas tight as a clam. 1 think her trouble is in part due to a sluggish condition of the blood. When asleep her faco was deathly pale and cola. ceased, to circulate in her veins." A glance over the polico records shows that Miss Rossmnn's attacks of somnambulism have increased steadily, both in their frequency und malignancy, for the past two years. When she first appeared sho did little moro than walk steadily onwnrd until she fell into the hands of the police. Later on she grew an adopt at her somnambulistic oxploits, until she could pick the lock of her room expertly, write an intelligible, legible letter and mail it, and do othor things which tho normal per- son accomplishes only when broad awake. One night, about four months ago, she wrote a lettter to her brother, and was about to drop it in tho ' regular outgoing muil box at the post office when a policeman took charge of her. Considering the con- dition under winch it was written, tho somnambulist's letter was a marvel of chirography and composi- tion. There was not a grammatical error to be found in- it, not an ' i ' without its dot or a't' left uncrossed. Recently Miss' Rossmau was com- pelled to got her livelihood by work- ing as a domestic servant. The family where sho wns last employed had to lot her go because the pre- mises wore always open to burglars when she was around. No matter how well fastened the doors and windows were, sho liiudo her way out of the house every timo she was moved by the mysterious influences that control her to take a trip into tho night air. At various times she caused herself to bo tied in bod. Then tho doors wore locked and tho windows barred, but never- theless, when a somnambulistic attack soized her sho found her wuy out of doors, novor knowing how she mannged to loose har bonds qr lind egress from her chamber. It is said that she ono timo purchased iron leg .fastenings, but whether sho over put thom into Ose hus not boon ascertained. 