IN THE DEAD OF NIGHT, By the Popular Authoress, ADA CAMBRIDGE. Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward,. Lock Co., Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS RESEREB.] CHAPTER IIt-(Continued). Wingate was about to leave the lodge, when Mrs Rowe, the keeper's mother, hav ing risen from bed and dressed in haste, in order to find out what was doing at this hour of the night, entered the parlour, curtsied, looked from one to another with an expectant smile, and then caught sight of the coil of rope and pounced upon it. " Why, if this ain't the clothes line that was stole last night!" she ejaculated, with round eyes and uplifted hands. " Why, Abel, wherever did you find it ?" "This gentleman found it, mother, in the garden at The Chase." "Lor! Right away up there! What ever-" " ~as it yours P-r interposed _.Winzateo "" No, sir, the rector's. Ills housekeeper bought it new last week, and the very first time she used it she had it stole. Strange to say, the linen that was hanging on it for myself, I don't believe in leavi g your clothes out all night-was left on the grass, and only the line took." " Only the line was required," said Billy. "But how do you know it is the same?" "Because there wasn't another new clothes line in the place." "I suppose rope is used for other pur poses. Probably this was brought to The Chase from quite another direction." " And to The Chase, of all places !" She desired ardently to enter upon a long discussion, covering the matter of the ghost, but sudden reticence had fallen upon the visitor. -He affected surprise to find that it was near upon mid night, and concern that his wife was so late up after a journey, and tcok a hasty leave, carrying his rope with him. As soon as they were both upon the high road, out of ear-shot of the lodge, he said to his wife, solemnly - "Nettie. either that fellow is in league with the burglars, or Adelaide Balcombe has some game on hand. One or the other." "Then it must be Adelaide Balcombe," said Nettle, " for 1 am convinced that Abel rowe is as honest as the day." "How are you convinced?" her husband asked. " By the look in his face-the way he speaks-everything." " Woman's instinct!" laughed Billy. " Now I think his manner most suspicious: his disinclination to have the matter in quired into-his preposterous suggestion that the candle-man is a ghost-every thing, as you would say. But things look black against the rector's house too. We will interview Mrs George Desailly to morrow morning, and get particulars con cerning the larceny of the clothes line. rm awfully curious to see her, apart from that. I wonder how she'll receive me, and what she looks like now? She was un commonly pretty as a girl, in her white cat style. And I'll make her tell that story about Lexie before I've done-and watch how she does it. I can't get it out of my mind somehow that it's all a pack of lies." " But what then. Billy?" "Oh. God knows! I believe she was enticed away by that foreign fellow-on some charitable errand pe-haps - and murdered for the necklace. That, to me, is far morq likely than the other thing. And they never seem to have thought of it! Fancy, never thinking of it, and never lifting a hand or taking a step to find her !" " I suppose they had more reason than you know of," suggested Nettie, saying to herself, with an inward sigh, "How he harps upon that woman! How impossible he thinks it for her to have done wrong'" They found Mrs Venn's door-key under the mat, and slipped through the house to bed, and tried to sleep. Nettie succeeded, for she was only twenty-two and her heart was at rest-she did not seriously concern herself about her handsome husband's past; Billy declared in the morning that the father mattress had defeated him, and that if they stayed another night in that place he should sleep on the floor. He took a nip of whisky before breakfast, to clear his brain of morbid thoughts that had haunted him through the dark hours. Their buggy having no seat for a servant, and the English-feeling morning - a mixture of delicate mist and sunshine- being more inviting than usual, they agreed to do their errands to the rectory and the agent's house on foot. And they set forth early, without confiding their business or late experiences to their garrulous landlady, Wingate being still under the impression that a police case impended in which anybody might be in volved. Their first call was upon the interesting Geraldine Balcombe that was, and Win gate was almost certain that he saw her face at an upper window as they passed through the well-remembered garden, where the beech tree under which she used to make afternoon tea was beginning to turn yellow, and the myriad chrysanthe mom buds opening into bloom. Great, therefore, was their disappointment when the genial rector, who received them in his study, presently intimated that she was two unwell to come downstairs. His mention of the fact that she had seen the linen taken from the lost line,when gazing at the moon from her bedroom window- unfortunately assuming that it was the housekeeper who, for fear of thieves, was bringing it indoors- saved Wingate the awkwardness of introducing her name, and gave him his opportunity to explain that she was an old friend. His touching account of his intimacy with her and her family in past years-of how he had been a ?~eat in this very house. treated like a happy memories connected therewith caused Mr Martin to send a message to Mrs Dessily, with the expectation that she would make a special effort in response; but her answer, long delayed, was that she begged Mr Wingate would excunse her, and the report of the servant to the fact that the lady had had a kind of fainting fit at the moment of hearing his name. WVingate expressed his sorrow for this state of things, looking becomingly grave, but revealing a certain elation at the back of his gravity to Nettie's watchful eye. His air of sympathy and his claim to old friendship had the anticipated result of drawing confidences from Mr Martin which he would not have reposed in a stranger. "I daressy," said he, "you are aware of the sad dissensions in the Desailly family ?" WVingate said he was, implying a com plete knowledge of all their affairs. " She suffers terribly," the rector con tinuned, shaking his head; "more than Sir Walter can have any idea of, or he would never treat her so inhumanly as he does." "I cannot realise his character, as you and others paint it:" said Wingate. "I was his chosen comrade for years when we were both young men, and never knew a kinder-hearted fellow. He must have greatly changed." " He has, evidently. To hound a poor, reak woman into her grave or the mad house-no man worthj~ of the name of nuan, let alone a gentleman, and one with a kind heart, could stoop to such cowardly, such infamous conducet.' The.warmth with which this speech was delivered suggested to WVingate that the fascinating Geraldine had not yet out grown her fascinations. " I am quite sure," he said, "that my old friend could not stoop to Lrat, however changed. There must be some misnuder standing somewhere. Possibly you are not acquainted with all the circumstances." " Pardon me. Mrs Desailly has herself done me the honor to confide the whole matter to me, without reserve." " I see," murmured Billy, with another look at his wife, who sat out of the discus. sion as far as her host's politeness allowed. "And I have the evidence of my own eyes, Mr Wingate--of her terrible state of health, the result of these constant trials. They have so preyed upon a highly nervous constitution that the brain seems to have become incapable of rest. She is a martyr to insomnia in its most acute form." " I am really awfully sorry to hear it," remarked Wingate, in a commiserating tone, and with all his wits on the alert. "Yes. She has taken to walking in her sleep-when she does sleep-which greatly alarms me. And one doesn't know what to do in such a case, especially in my situation. I am afraid to lock her in, lest she should fall out of the window or have an accident with the candle. She naturally objects to have a servant with her at night, and opiates she has a horror of-so have 1. I have known the habit of taking morphia to entirely destroy all moral principle and self- restraint. I would rather any one belonging to me poison himself outright than take a single dose of it." " You have really proved the somnam bulism? " Wingate queried gently. road a few nights ago, hours after she had retired to bed-I was called from mine to attend a dying parishioner-and she told me she had no idea how she got there. It is a most serious symptom in her case. I have tried to impress this upon her, and to persuade her to seek medical advice." " And won't she? " " She wishes to gi"e herself a fair trial of the country first. She thinks her native air and the peace and quiet of her present life are doing her good, and will soon restore her altogether. I am bound to say I don't. I think the disorganisation of the nervous system increases daily. Indeed, if her husband does not come very soon, I must send for him, or else for a good doctor, for my own setisfaction," "Does she expect her husband soon ?" "Any day. But he is rather an erratic person, as perhaps you know. I proposed to fetch her daughter to keep her com pany, but she won't hear of it. She thinks it bad for a child to be shut up with a nervous invalid. Perhaps it is. But I am sure it is advisable to have some one to stay with her. It would relieve me of much responsibility, and keep her from brooding and fretting so much." "I should insist upon it," said Wingate, "if I were you. By the way, you don't think she may have taken the clothes line herself, when walking in her sleep ? " "Oh, no; certainly not. She was awake and looking from the window when she saw the thief, and that was one of her better nights. But last night she must have been out again. We did not hear her moving, but my housekeeper says there is no doubt about it. She judges by the state of her clothes and shoes. And she seems this morning to be prostrate with exhaustion, though she stayed in the house all yesterday." " I should certainly get a doctor at once," said Wingate, rising, "and make him insist on her being watched at night. Your housekeeper looks a lady-like person; Mrs Desailly could not object to her having a bed in her room, under the circumstances. But the best thing, of course, would be to send for her husband to come and take her home." " I cannot be inhospitable," the poor rector faltered, " if the change of air is really doing her any goods But-well, I must talk matters over with her when she gets up." "And pray command me, if I can be of any use," said Wingate. "As an old friend, you know-" " Oh, thank you, thank you! Wlhere are you staying? Won't you take linch with me? Pray do --you and Mrs Win gate-and perhaps Mrs Desailly might then be well enough to come down. She will be deeply disappointed, I am sure, to miss seeing you. Everything connected with her happy girlhood is so intensely in teresting to her. And I should like to show you the church and the improvements I have made. You will find thingslooking very different to what they were in poor old Balcombe's time." The visitors pleaded the pressing nature of their business with the squire's agent, which turned the conversation upon the burglars, the ghost, and contingent mat ters, delaying their departure for another half- hour. Buc engagements were entered into for an exchange of hospitalities when convenient, while the rector walked with them to his garden gate, gathering flowers for Nettie by the way; and before sepa rating cordial offers of assistance in their respective dificulties were provisionally accepted on both sides. As Wingate shook hands with his new friend, promising to call again later to report progress in the affair of the rope, he saw a face in an upper window, peeping from behind a blind. While he tried to draw Nettie's attention to it, it disappeared. " But I know that profile," he said, when they were again upon the road, " and I see the whole thing as clear as day. It isn't burglars-it's some fight going on between Walter and her-I should imagine for the possession of something he's got locked up at The Chase. Compromising docu ments, perhaps. Well, though it doesn't seem exactly chivalrous, and though I don't owe him any service, but quite the con trary, I am going to be on Walter's side. And we'll stop here, Nettie, if you have no objection, till we get through with the affair." "Oh, I have no objection," cried Nettie, heartily; "far from ic!. I wouldn't go away now for fifty pounds. I never was so interested in anything in allmylife." CIAPTER IV. THE HONEST TRUTh. Mr Blackett was stout and elderly and a good deal crippled by rheumatism, but he had young, keen eyes, deep set under intellectual brows, and with those eyes re ceived Wingate as at the muzzle of a double-barrelled gun. The boyish face of grizzled moustache an ear at a formerly been absent from it ; but the agent-who had been the agent for more than twenty years, and deserved his repu tation for an almost miraculous sharp sightedness-instantly knew it for the same, though he had only seen it once. When the name belonging to it was an nounced to him, he concentrated upon the visitor a steely gaze that was unpleasant and disconcerting. Though Wingate gave himself no airs, it nettled him to be looked at in this way; he consequently remained standing, and stated his errand in the briefest terms, Nettle meanwhile lingering near the door, glancing at bookshelves and affecting not to listen. The rude master of the house did not rise from his arm chair, but it presently appeared that he could only do so with difliculty, owing to physical ailments. The story of the rope, the candle in the window, and the visible figure of the sup posed burglar was told again, but the in formation gathered at the rectory was withheld. Wingate said he thought it his duty to report what he had seen; he also desired to assist in the search which he presumed would immediately be set on foot to discover what was wrong. . You may not be'aware," he said stiffly, "that I am an old friend of Sir Walter Desailly's." Mr Blackett replied that he was quite aware of it, still transfixing the visitor with steadfast, steely eyes. "I remember your coming here, Mr Wingate, rather more than twenty years ago-it was your last visit, was it not ? and also your departure. Also your de parture, Mr WVingate." "You have the advantage of me," Win gate returned, with his easy courtesy "I have no recollection of having seen you before." " I was Sir Thomas's agent, in succession to my father," said the old man,. " I was cognisant, sir, of all the family affairs." " The family affairs, I hear, took a sad turn after I left," remarked Wingate. Mr Blackett did not answer, but stared more strangely than before. Wingate thought the look referred to the elopement, and added, with warmth: " But I, for one, rdfuse to believe that Mrs WalterDesailly was to blame. I knew her well, and never knew a better woman-a perfect English lady, if ever there was one, in spite of her people being shop-keepers. The circum stance may be as they have been described to me, but I am convinced that the popular theory is a wrong one." The agent seemed much agitated by this reference to the great scandal. Twice he opened his month to speak, and shut it without doing so; the gnarled hand on his writing table closed and unclosed sharply ; he drew his brows together; his eyes flashed upon Nettie's pretty figure, which had not yet been invited to rest itself. "You are married to this lady?" he jerked out. Wingate bowed, while he wondered if it were not his duty to feel insulted by the question on her behalf. \- I must apologise for asking it," the old man continued, with a tremble in hisvoice, St.5,.tis511_ &nt; 5t2-? s for a short time? There are some imporbtantmiittera -the drawing-room is just across the hall -I think my wife is at home-" He hoisted himself with difficulty out of his chair to reach a bell button, but before he could get at it, and before Wingate could explain that Mrs Wingate had an equal interest with him in the proceedings, the lady had disappeared. "I will wait for you on the road, Billy," said she, with fiery cheeks and an icy smile, and next minute was out of the house and marching along the highway in wrath. "If these are your Enghlsh man ners," she intended to say to Billy when she saw him again, "give me Aestralia." For it seemed to her that he was too much in the habit of glorifying England and its institutions (including its women) at the expense of his own country. She had promised to wait for him on the road, and did so for nearly three-quarters of an hour, learning every hedgerow leaf arid every blade of wayside grass by heart, exhausting all the charms of the harvest landscape. But when the little watch pinned to the breast of her neat tweed coat, as also an inward monitor of equal infallibility, informed her that it was one o'clook and lunch time, she decided to leave him to his devices. Doubtless he and that rude old man were so absorbed in their reminiscences of the incomparable Mrs Walter as to forget thata mere every day young woman with an appetite existed. She returned to the inn, ordered the cutlets to be served and the bottle of Bass opened, and sat down to begin her meal alone-for the first time since she had boon Billy's wife. " I really could not wait any longer," she called out, when the sitting- room door opened to admit the laggard. But a glance at her husband's face caused her voice to change its note. "Oh, my dear boy ! what is the matter with you ?" Instead of falling upon the beer and cut lets, Billy fell in a headlong fashion upon the horsehair sofa, planted his elbows on his knees, dropped his face in his hands, and sobbed audibly-one sob only-no more, but enough to pierce her heart. She was instantly beside him, trying to span his huge back with her little arm, to pull his strong fingers from their tight clasp upon his brow. "Darling! darling! Toll me! Tell your Nettie ! What is it, precious one ?" She cooed like a courting turtle-dove, pressing her cheek to his shoulder and his oar. " Ch,.HNttie, Ihave had a blow l, I have had an awful shock!" he groaned, with a long up-drawing of the breath. "A. bolt from the blue, and no mistake !" He raised himself and looked at her, with something wild in his eyes. "Who do you think the foreigner was, Nettie ?" " The-the man she el-" " Me -me!" he burst out in the grammar of strong emotion. "They actually be lieved that she ran away with nxE !" "And called you a foreigner ?" cried Nettie. "What cheek! Just like these ignorant English people! As if we were not just as much English as they are!" " But don't you see, child ? They have been supposing we went away together, because it seems we were missed at the same time. That cursed talk about for eigners has been putting me off the scent; but I might have known-I did know that Geraldine's tale was a pack of lies-of a piece with her tale of how she saw the linen taken off the clothes line. It was she who swore she had seen us sneaking away together, and made Walter believe it -when no one knows better how I went than she does, for she accompanied me part of the way. Oh, that little devil is at the bottom of it all !" " But where, then-" " Ah, t at's the point! that's the point! That's the awful part of it! If Lexie didn't elope with me-as certainly she didn't, and no other man has been men tioned in the case-what, in the name of God, did become of her ?" He struck his knee with a clenched fist. " But I'll find out, Nettle; I'll find out, if I take years to do it, and it costs me my last penny." ' Sir Walter will surely see to that," said Nettie softly. " She was his wife." "We have telegraphed for Walter," said Wingate, for the first time turning an eye upon the luncheon table. " Yes, of course he will see to it; for I find he really did appreciate her, appearances notwithstand ing,and fromthemomenthe losther turned against Geraldine as if he suspected some thing, and has shunned and hated her ever since. But we can help him. There is plenty to do before he comes. That woman is up to mischief at this moment, though we don't know what. It can't be anything that concerns poor Loxie now, but it may lead us to a clue. We've got to hunt for all fresh clues now. And Blacket is as convinced as I am that our best course is to stick like wax to her. Her story, you see, being proved untrue, is Sdamning evidence against herself-looks have a policeman this afta~rnoon to go over the house with me, and I am going to sleep in that room where we saw the can dle-lIxie's room-to-night." "I with you," said lirs Wingate, put ting a tumbler of fresh beer into his un steady hand. "My pet, I can't expose you--" "Now, Billy, let us understand one an another, she broke in, with an inflexible air to which he was unaccustomed; and forthwith she stated a case in words that made an impression upon him. Theresunlt was what ?udyard Kipling would call an "interlude" of unwonted duration and intensity-a general concession of her right, as a bride on her honeymoon, to anything she liked to ask for, on the part of the husband; and on the part of the wife, a renewed conviction that he was the best and dearest of living men, despite his little weaknesses. She sat on his knee while he ate his lunch as best he could with one hand; then she filled his pipe, and put a cushion under his head. " Now," said she, "try if you can re menber all that happened that night at ' The Chase,' It may help us to an idea. You never told me before, by-the-way, that Miss Balcombe was with you when you left, and that is a most important detail." "Well, it was this way, Nettle. You know I had a scrimmage with Walter. I wanted to explain about the Cam bridge journey, and to stand up for Lexie, and it's always a mistake to begin putting things of that sort into words, especially as we were situated. I stood up for her too much-because I saw he was taking it all wrong-and I lost my temper, and said things I wouldn't forgive myself if any man said them to me. As for him, he couldn't have insulted me more than he did, So, of course, there it stood. That was in the morning. There wassnothing for me but to clear out as soon as possible, and I went back to the inn-this inn, and this room, too, only different people. I packed up for London, had some bread and cheese, and started to go by the next train. But just as I'd settled in my corner, I saw Walter's dog-cart tear ing along the road, and I knew he was trying to catch the train, too; and I hated the thought of travellin" with him, or near him, after the row weld had; besides -well, I'll tell you the honest truth, Net tie-it was a chance to have a word with Lexie that I could not resist. I didn't do anything behind Walter's back that I wouldn't have done before his face, but for her sake I couldn't go near her while he was there misjudging us, and it was a cowardly thing to make off without even bidding her good.bye-looked like desert ing her in her trouble, and owning to wrong things. At any rate, I jumped out of the carriage, and kept out of sight until Walter got in. Then, when the train was gone, I went outside, and spoke to the groom. He said his master had been called to town on business, but was expected back next morning. My luggage had gone on in the van, so I telegraphed to London to have it looked after on arrival, and walked across the fields to ' The Chase.'.. I daresay the, made capital out'of all that "You may be certain that they did," said -Nettie, "and you can't blame them either." "No, of course. Still, you mustn't for get that The Chase was Sir Thomas's house then, and not Walter's, and that the old gentleman and I were the best of friends. He was out when I arrived, and I just asked straight for Lexie, so as not to'waste time. The man took me to her boudoir-she didn't use it much, because she liked her big bedroom to sit in-and no one came to disturb us. We had a-a talk-" He paused absent-mindedly. The silence was broken by a plaintive little sigh " Ah, Billy ! Billy !" "Yes, pet, I know. But it was twenty years ago, and I've got over it this many a day." "I don't believe you have got over it yet, Billy.' "You are the last person who should say that, or think it," he remonstrated, drawing her to his knee again, and settling her comfortably in a favourite place and pose. "And, besides, she's dead-I know she is dead. Nothing but death would have taken her from the child. You can't be jealous of a dead woman." "Oh, can't I But I won't, Billy- in deed, I won't! It was only my nonsense. You are mine now, and that's all I care about. - Listen, dear, I've thought of some thing. There is that lake where you caught that big pike-I expect that, being so unhappy, she committed sucicide by drowning herself in it. That would account for her sudden disappearance, and her never being seen or traced. Billy, I have thought of another thing. Perhaps it was because-but, no, I won't say it !" "Say it, Nettle." "She might have been broken-hearted at losing you." Wingate drew in his breath, and went red and pale, but controlled himself instantly "No," he said, reluctantly impartial, "there was no motive of that sort. I'll tell the honest truth, Nettie--I did let my self go that last time we were together, though I tried my utmost not to. But she never did; on the contrary, she pulled me up in her firm, kind way, lectured me like a mother she- did-tried to make me see there were good things still to live for, and that she trusted me for a gentleman, and -and so on. Oh, she was not the sort of person to play fast and loose with. matri mony and motherhood-not she; .nor yet. of the flimsy stuff that asuicides . are made of. Still. it's an idea. - When: Walter comes, of course he'll leave no stone un turned, and the lake must be emptied if necessary. But then why did Geraldine concoct that elaborate story? She must have had some object." " She was staying in the house, you .say?" "Yes ; and, unfortunately, knew about my having gone away before lunch, and come back after Walter had left the house, and being shown up to Lexie's private sitting-room,and staying such a long time with her-things she could twist and turn to suit her. I did not know how late it was till I heard the dressing- bell ring, and then, when I tried to get away quietly, I ran up against the old lady and Geraldine, who were pacing up and down the terrace in the evening sun. They were both ready for dinner, and the girl bad got that lace on which I afterwards found her stuffing into the fire-" "Ah! I want to hear more about that lace," Nettle interposed, with the air of a detective on a strong scent. "Oh, that was nothing; I .must have offended her in the course of the evening," said Wingate absently. " I know I was a surly boor, not fit for ladies' company; but they made me stay. The old people knew nothing of any quarrel, and couldn't understand why I should make off juist before dinner, and pooh-poohed my excuse that I wasn't dressed. It was weak of me, I know, but I let myself be tempted; and after all Lexie went upstairs while the squire and I were talking over our wine, and never showed again. I particularly wanted to say something to her that I had forgotten, so I stayed late. I went to the smoking-room with the old man. At last he proposed that I should remain for the night, and some things of Walter's were put out for me, and we went to our rooms, and the house was closed. Oh, yes; I know how contemptible it was! But at the time every other feeling was swallowed up in my longing to put right a misunder standing that I thought Lexie was labour ing under-to have all straight between us before I went away for good; in fact, I wanted to tell her I meant to try and do, and be, all she wished. I thought as it was the last time-but I was an ass and a fool, and very nearly a villain, too. I might have compromised her worse; perhaps I did. Somebody else besides Geraldine Balcombe-somebody whowasn't "s hat? You don't surely mean to say-" "No, of course I don't. All I did was to write a letter to her, and take it to her boudoir and slip it into a blotting case on her writing table, walking softly in my socks, so as not to wake any body. [ made sure that the whole place was dead asleep, for I hadn't heard a sound for hours. But as I was getting back to my room, I saw a glimmer of light through the crack of a door-a curtain rather. There's a queer little circular room at an angle of the stairs where they run into the gallery that goes round the great hall; it's like one huge bay window with the bay enclosed; a big porliere hangs across the entrance, which you can loop back or not, as you like; just the little nook for sitting out dances in, if there were balls in the hall, which would be a magnificent place for them, with a wooden floor. It isn't a private room, and yet it is; and they always had a fire there in fire weather. Having windows all round-thb room seemed to be built of the stone mullions, with a little churchy ceiling-it was beautifully light and cheerful, and it had a lovely view. We were always meeting there on our way to other rooms, and going downstairs to dinner, and so on. There were two or three lounge chairs in it, and a small table--no room for other furniture. Lady Desaillyused to read the "Times" there of a morning, and some times have afternoon ten there, when there was no company, instead of in the hall. Well, though it wasn't cold yet, the fires were all going, and there had been one in this little room that evening. I had been there to look for Lexie after dinner, and saw it burning. And it was here where I saw the light at three in the morning. The curtains were down, but just one ray came through, like a finger. It seemed to me like a finger-beckoning me-to her. I made sure that she was there, and I stole up without a sound and put the curtains back a little. I had not undressed, of course." " And saw Miss Balcombe burning the Venetian lace ? " "Yes. She was standing over the fire place, with a candle in one hand and the. lace in the other. She was holding it over the flame, and it was flaring and frizzling up, very nearly all burnt. I could see she had just taken it off, because otherwise she was fully dressed as when she left the drawing-room; the blue bodice was plain and bae; and the silk was torn where the lace had been stitched on, and wrenched off anyhow -" "Billy dear, you think nothing of this lace business, but I think it is the most suspicious of all the features of the case. Why should she have burnt her own lace that she was so eager to get, and so proud of it when she did get it? And why secretly at three o'clock in the morning? You said she did it in a fit of rage with you, but she would not have been in a fit of rage-that sort of rage-for hours and hours all by herself, with you or anybody. Billy, do you know how I read the riddle ? There was blood on that lace." Wingate shuddered. "Oh, don't talk of blood " he implored. "Besides, in that :oasce there.wouldhavebeenblood.elsewhre. There was none on her dress, I know, and evidently none was found. Blood is a thing that cries out anywhere. The least trace would have altered everything and set them hunting." " Did she have a guilty look when you surprised her ?" " I don't know what you call a guilty look. Of course it gave her an awful start when she heard the curtain move and saw me watching her. Anybody would have looked scared under the circumstances at that unearthly time o' night. She gave a loud catch of the breath, and then cashed the lace into the coals and. rammed it in with the poker. There was still a little red fire left, and it caught, and was con sumed directly. I think she was anxious that I shouldn't see it was my present to her, but I came a little too soon." "And how did she explain herself ? "At first she kept her back to me and said nothing. I was embarrassed too. I would have crept away when I found it was she and not Lexie; but when I saw she had seen me, and saw what she was doing. I went in. I made belief that I was glad of the opportunity to say good-bye to her before leaving in the morning, as I should probably never come back again. The fact was, I guessed she knew pretty well about me and Lexie, and I knew she was furiously jealous at having to play second fiddle, and I wanted, for Lexie's sake, to square her if I could. So I tried to be friendly, although I was so sick at heart, and I asked -why she was treating my gift to her in that way. She said but I told you what she said. If you want the honest truth, Nettie-it's the first time I ever l-t on about awoman in a matter of this kind-she did all she knew to make me believe that it wasn't Walter after all." " Made love to you, do you mean ? " "Like the very deuce. Said she was burning the fichn because the sight of it in the glass over the mantel-piece made her desperate at my treatment of her, and -and so on. I've known women throw themselves at a fellow's head, but-by George! And I might have been fool enough, Lord knows ! if it hadn't been for feeling the way I did." "If I recollect aright, you said she did go with you?" " But not that way, of course not. Sit still, Nettie, until I've finished. Oh, .I give-you leave to be jealous of Geraldine Balcombe all you like. That won't hurt." "Billy, you say she asked you to run away with her,and you said-you distinctly S"Madam, I- said :nothing of: te'kind.: Stay here and be nice to me, and I'll tell you exactly what occurred. After we had been talking in the little room for a bit--" "How much of a bit ?" "I don't know. But the mornings were still early, and all those windows showed us the dawn coining. There had been a moon, as she says in that precious tale of hers, but it had set long ago. She was frightened lest we should be found up, and you may be sure I didn't care about it either. Indeed, I was raging to get clear of the house and her, and -the whole blessed business, especially when I thought of Walter coming home in a few hours. As you know, I had no luggage with me. I was free to go directly I got an opportunity, and I made up my mind to slip off somehow so as to catch an early train across the fields. She seemed to know that I was tryingto get away from her, for she said if-I wanted to go she could show .me -how to do so with out disturbing the house. -I was so glad of any chance that. I accepted the offer, and when I had fetched my boots and things, she took me down that very stair case and through the door which she says she saw me and Lexie elope by. She knew that door well, evidently, for she had the key with her, and looked and unlocked it as easily as if she did it every day. The nurse may say she heard it bang, but it didn't bang that time." S"And she locked herself outside as well as you ?" "I thought she would say good-bye there, but she took a hat and cloak from a p g' and threw- them on, and said she'd show me how to get out of the park with out passing the hedges.' That's the way she's getting in now, 1 expect, when Wal ter fancies he has guarded every point. There's a door in. the park wall where it joins the rectory grounds; it's for the use of the rector when he likes, and she had the key. That's where she let me out, and that's where she made her last try; but I mustn't say any more about that. It still wanted nearly two hours to the train. She said she could slip into the rectory and up to her room-by another secret way, I suppose--and get some clothes. She offered to be my servant-my anything if I would take her with me. Oh, but I am a cad to tell on her, though she is what she is! I got away somehow, and struck across country, and walked I don't know I'd never been to before. And as soon as I got to London I fell in with a friend just off to shoot wild sheep and goats in the Himalayas, and I got my rifles and things ready in a day and went with him -the beginning of long wanderings. And I hardly saw an English paper, and never heard any news, and never wanted to. And-and I think that's all, Nettle." She put her arms round his neck, and kissed him, and thanked him. She said she didn't think any husband could have told the honest truth more honestly. (To be Continued). _ The care of umbrellas.-An u!nbrella might often have a very mush longer life than falls to its lot where more care taken in its treatment. It is a common error to think that an umbrella should always be kept folded unless wanted for rain. To carry about, it is, of course, more con venient to have it folded; but when stand ing at home it is much wieer to unfold it, and thus prevent the silk settling into such marked creases. The creeses are always the weakest part of an umbrella, and the silk usually begins to crack in one of them. Another point neglected is the drying of a wet umbrella. The usual plan is to stand it in a basin or sink, or perhaps merely in the rack, with the ferule downwards, and there leave it to drain. This should never be done. To dry an umbrella properly, it must be placed on the handle, so that the wet runs down the ribs and thence off the silk. If placed the water runs down into the point of the umbrella, rusts the ribs, and tends to make the silk rot. 