Pleasant Sundays. The second meeting in connection with the pleasant Sunday afternoons inaugurated by the Methodist Church, was held in the Mechanics' Institute on Sunday afternoon, when a large and appreciative audience assembled. The subject was "Sunday Observance," and Mr Diamant, of Perth, gave a thrilling and earnest address. He pointed out the necessity of the Sabbath being kept intact. Ihe present method of Sabbath observance was enough to make men and angels weep, and he trusted that very soon a most emphatic protest against this business would be entered. Speaking as a business man, he would warn the young men that they were allowing the thin edge of the wedge to be used, and presently their employers would turn round and say that if they were able to play football, &c.;, on Sundays they were quiie as able to go to business, and he was sorry to say there were men in their midst who would not scruple to open their business on the Lord's day. He would not say that in the past there was not an excuse for young men needing recreation when they had to work from early morning till late at night, but now they enjoyed all the privileges of the eastern colonies in having the half holiday and six o'clock closing, there was not the ghost of an excuse for the desecration of the Sabbath. He. said we were spoken about all over the world for our progre&Biveness;, but he was very sorry to say that in the old land and the other colonies we were spoken about as the worst of sabbath breakers. The Rev A. S. J. Fry trusted the time would come when the sacredness of the Sabbath would be observed, and pledged himself that so .long as be was in Coolgardie he would take his stand against the immorality and other evils that, filled our city. During the afternoon Mrs Fry played one of Mendelsohn's sonatas, the Misses Mather gave two duets, and Mr H. J. Tuckfield sang a solo. which were all cordially received. A league was inaugurated, and about 50 persons gave their names as members. The engineer who has been exploring the Upper Laos in Tonking on behalf of the French Government, in search of auriferous deposits, has reported the success of his exploration, which has resulted in the discovery of important gold beds, the existence of which had not hitherto been suspected. It is added that important discoveries of sapphires and rubies have also been made in the same district. These will probably be worked by the French company, and the British public will, therefore, be in the position of disinterested spectators at the work of their exploitations. For sterling value aad purity try Kaady Koola Teas 