. the poet's wife. ' ''Do you fioo tliat couple sitting on the scat nt the fur end of the gardens? That Is Hubert Winy, the blind poet, and Ids wife. They huvo a house on the moun tain side, and often come here to enjoy Uiv UCn UVL1 UIL- IIIKL. U U >>111 Vt.ltri round the path, so that you may sec him close at hand. lie Is almost as interest- lug In himself n In his writings." "Ah! I should like that! He Ik a flue fellow, and 1 am almost more anxious to sec his wife than himself. She must be ouo woman lu a thousand, to judge from all she has done for him. ' My friend glanraul at me beneath bent brows n curious jock, ntul one which Im plied much. In an liLStant 1 inferred that my expectations eum-cndng Mrs Wniy were doomed to disappointment, and yet. as one of the innst 'anient of the poet's diMples, 1 had flattered my- self that I knew all that an outsider might about his private life. Hubert Wray had already, made his mark us the most promising of the younger poets when a long-dreaded catastrophe closed bis eyes and sepa rated him from the world of beauty which he loved. The blow was crush ing, and threatened to devastate his life. The bird could not sing within his darkened cage; he wandered almuL from one place to another, accompanied only by a faithful manservant, shunning, the society of his fellows, and brooding hopelessly on his loss. Then, after six years of lonely misery, he met the woman who was now his wife. She had been to him as the re covery of sight, and tho words In which his later volumes of poems had been dcdtrulcd showed the almost Idolatrous worship with which he regarded hov In return. Margaret Wniy luul long lived in my Imagination as the ideal woman, und iiow lu a moment that keen, silent gluiH-e had shattered the Illusion and left me expectant of disappointment. I asked no questions, but gazed with deepening curiosity at the poet und his wife as they sat on the scat before us. From their position they might lmve passed for lovers, for the two figures inclined towards each other with thai ulr ot absorbing Interest lu the con versation on hand which Is not often seen hi a married couple of seven or eight years standing, while the sound ot a woman's musical laugh rang out now und then, followed hy Hitch a hearty echo as gave the plcftsunical as surance of the imct'fl happiness. A few yards further and ,! eouhl see the elean-eut features tvlt It 'which tlin photographs had made me familiar, and lu u rapid glance assure myself Unit Ills >vlfe iNjKsesscd luxuriant Jmir, and a llglirc nf unusual grace snd symmetry. She wns beautiful, after all, I totd my Keif, hilt even as the thought passed through my mind, she turned her faee towards me, aud I felt au iiistaut shock of repulsion. The eyes were alight with life, yet the effect which her ap pearance made upon the beholder was much tho same as that caused by the unexpected sight of u face from which the light, of lutftlcct. has faded. All In describable brand was upon It. aud the eight left iuo cold and trembling. We walked the full length of the path, then I turned nud looked at .my com panion. "Iu God's name, what is it? What Is the matter?" "A deformed face. Foot thing— a pitiful objeet. A stroke, I should s ay, 'caused by a sudden chill or shock. One side of the face is twisted, and when she speaks the eoutortlon Is Increased. Ter ribly tragic, for she must have been a' ImudBoine woman before it happened. The profile Is beautifully cut," ."And that Is Margaret Wray, Hubert "IVrny'H wife!— the limn whtfso prevail ing passion Is love nf lienuty, who has u morbid horror of uglluess, und even In his hllnduesH cannot eildtim to live among the sordid surroundings of u city!" "But he cannot see her, retuonrtwr. No limit with his eyes open could lmve married such a woman; lutt she Is a iwrfect eompunlon, und has made his happiness." I sfa.ved for some weeks In the hotel, ond liefore I left the unexpected had happened, l'or ! had made tin; acquaint ance of the poet, and enjoyed some me morable conversations, lu which I was more and more charmed with Ids jierson ulily. lie had heard that my name was among the list of visitors, and as .some of my literary efforts had been fortunate enough to attract his attention, had ex pressed it wish to receive, mo ut' his .aoUHc. In visit lug lihn I-nntuntlly saw muieh of his wife. She shrank from me at tlrsL with the shyness which she, -showed to all strangers, hut wheu sho: 'found Hint my society gave her Ims- Imnd pleasure, her reserve melted, ami Hlto gave mo a kindly welcome. 1 If 1 hud been blind like Wray. I must have loved her loo, for her voice was us music In Its soft, full cadence, and of nil women 1 have met she possessed the greatest charm of conversation. A few, ;upt, jmppy words, and the scene— the In- .dividual— the situation, stood out before the eyes as In a picture. She had the .power of seizing the salient point of a narrative, and missing oul unnecessary detail; while every now aud then out .hashed n spark of humor, so keen, so fresh and scintillating, that tip near er could not restrain his delight Wray's melancholy vanished In her company as a mist before the Him. Half a dozen .'times, In the course of a conversation, .ho would turn towards me, his sightless eyes appealing for sympathy hi his tie-, light aud pride. 'Isn't, she wonderful?" he would cry. "Musi- people walk blindfolded through .the world, hut Margaret sees everything. Slio weaves a story out of the most com monplace materials, and she shares everything witli me. I see again through her eyes.!' He often referred to his blindness, ami that In such an open, natural iiiunticr that one day I ventured to nsk If Ihcre was any hope that his sight could bo restnml. Ills face fell, "Not now," he said. "There was once. An oculist proposed an operation a' few years ago; 11 was performed, but was .unsuccessful, ami that settled Hie ques tion for life. Nothing more can he done." \- I- murmured wane words nf sympathy Tor what must have been a cruel disap pointment. . "That was terrible— alnibst worse than the llrst blindness. Tin renewal of hope, the suffering, the suspense— all for 'iiothlug!" "No, not for nothing," he said quickly. '"I had my reward." lie put out h'ls -luind wllh u pathetic, groping gesture, ntul laid It ou Ills wife's shoulder. "It wuh worth It all, Irtiyiund, for I had a few moment's sight; I saw the sky 'again, und tho green earth, and, what I longed for most of ail, my wife's beau tiful faeo! I had never seen her— iina- glue It— tuy own wife! But God gave mo that glimpse, ami 1 am satisiled, I would huvo born any suffering to liavo known that moment." Margaret Wray ami T wtt slldhl, gazing 'at ennh other. Her face worked lu pltl- , ful convulsion, the dark eyes besought 'mine, humble, imploring, like I hose of .tin iiuiinnl In pain. 1 could mil meet that glance and keep my composure. Tho lake grew misty before my sight, ami my voice faltered as I spoke. "You are a fortunate man, Wray. You have the best gift tliut this world eau .Shmo time afterwards I heard tho strange and pathetic story of this Inci dent In the jsiet's life, which 1 now give as nearly as possible as it was told to mc. In the sixth year of Hubert Wray's blindness lie was spending the summer lu one of tin! smaller mountain hotels iu Switzerland, where he was out of the run of the ordluary tourist, and could secure the quiet which he coveted. Tho mood of brooding melancholy laid set tled upon him, aud lie kept aloof from the other visitors, sitting for lumrs tip- on a seat on the terrace, his hands clasp ed ou iiis knee, ids head hanging for ward on his chest. One morning as he sat thus a rustling of garments came to his ear; lie was aware liuil a lady had seated herself be side him, and presently a voice address ed him jiy name. "Will It disturb you. Mr Wray, If I sit here for a few minutes? I think we share a weakness for this seat. There is no other In the garden so comfortable and so delightfully situated!" The words were commonplace, but the voice charmed Wray's sensitive ear, and the desire to hear it again superseded his disinclination for conversation. He turned towards lite speauer, und said, wist rally: "Please, don't let me drive you away. Pcrha|> 1 have liecti seliisli iu monopo lising the best place. Any other would do equally well for tuc. I eauuol .see tin! view " "Shall I show It to you?" she said gently, and before be could answer she began to paltit the scone Iwfore them hi beautiful glowing words— the lake, with Hie reflect Inn of the momitaJus thrown across the blue; the little steamer round ing tin bay, Mk smoke luminous iu the sunlight; the nearer Insights green with Hie verdure of summer; the solemn pines rising behind; the snow-peaks towering into tlm sky. Tho clouds drifting across Hie sum, dappling the mountain sides with light and slutde; she describ ed each fresh effect as It appeared, and be grasped It with bis keen, poetic sense. The seem; took shape before his eyes; he saw It so clearly Dial he trem bled as he sat, und his heart beat In bis ears. . SynqxtthiKlng friends tried to perform this otltee for hint before now with disheartening results, but this wo-, mail lent Ulm her own eyes, and as lie listened the words shaped themselves In to a stalely- measure, ami the lost gift of song came luck to life. After this they met dally,, and spent hours wuiidWlng together about the mountain sldb. He wondered often how it happened <liut a woman of such fas chmtlori should share his own distaste, for society, but It was not' a character' istie which lie was inclined to deplore, since she never disguised the pleasure which she felt in his company. Conceive what It must have been lo a woman In her position! To have been beautiful, iu know herself possessed of exceptional charm, to Dud herself at one stroke marked out from the rest of the world, «n object of pity and repulsion; and then to-hc brought iu contact with a master mind to llud all that she hud hinged for hi the way of companionship and sympathy, and Unit lu.ouu whoso eyes wero mercifully closed to her af fliction! Once more she was young and beautiful— once more she eouhl receive llie -tribute of admiration so dear to n woman's heart; she bloomed' into fresh charm beneath the enchanting experi ence, while AVray sat enthralled, feeling old hopes and ambition revive with every hour spent lu her ennqiany. Due day lie asked her to write a poem at Ids dleiatloii, and when she expressed hur delight hu turned Ills sightless eyes upon . lfer and said, "It iH.inoru. yours than mine. 1 have not written for years, but you gave me Uie thought, and the words, and the courage to iK'ghi'tifmsli." Ho was silent for a moment, then uddcik hurriedly, and with an epiliarrassmenL which told Us own tab, "You have shown me so .much,, will you show the one thing more— your own face? Miiy I pass my lingers over It ftir a moment, so tliat 1 may be aide to lliluk of you us you are?" .She beat forward Instantly, presenting lo htm the uninjured side . of Iter face, and setting her features In rigid still- nesH. The sensitive lingers 'touched the waving hair, then gently,' reverently, traced the outline of the profile, the aquilliie of the nose, tile full lfps/. the c-hli wllh its curve and dlinple. Tier face was. deathly white- tile while, ami. heart breaking In its iigony of suspense, but the touch revealed, only the beauty of outline,- aud gave uo hiut.ofvrtlsDgure- meat. \ , '.'Thank you!" he' said, faintly. !' You are very lH»autlful.. 1 knew it must lie. so but 1 shall never see you. ... If I could have one moment's sight, I would- choose to: see your face, tlmt.'l might have It with mo In the darkness."; . He had never spoken so plainly before,': anil the day came whun tlmy weru lo' start on separate pailts,- ami still mf words of love had been exchanged. It) was only whuu she gave htm her baud' in farewell UuitAVmy's composure fall-; ed, ami he stood before her In Ihc garden — white aud ! trembling with emo tion. ' /V'. "If I were n man," he cried, "and not) n maimed, helplcss lng, ! .would nut let you go? You have given mc fresh life; I love you as Gud's mvn sunshine, hut it would he a sin to'blud you down to a darkened life." "Then, as I nm a woman," she said, bravely, " I ask you to lei. nib slay. for. 1 sliali lie Imuml Indeed, If 1 am nwuy from you, ami the sunshine loves lo light the dark places—" So they were married, and for thu uext Ave years lived a life of unbroken liaji-. plncss. Their home was shunted hi the depths of the country, where Wrny ile-' voted himself to writing with nil the added power which he had gained by yours or Buffering. Fame. came to him, aud words of appreciation from far and near. IT ho laid willed ho might have been a lion In society but ho preferred to live III seclusion, visited from tlmo to time hy sueh friends as had boon proved and lested. Ou the llrst Introduction to bis wife, these visitors experienced a shock of surprise and repulsion; but nrtor n few days spent hi Iter company, they mentally congratulated Wniy on the perfect ness of the companionship which lie hud secured, and rejoiced even more in the happiness of a sweet and good woman, most cruelly iiDllcted.. At the end or Ave years a chance meet ing lu tin hotel threatened to ruin the peuoorulness of Margaret Wniy's life. A voting oculist introduced himself to the poet's notice, asked permission to make an examination, and gave It a« his opinion that while the caleract lu one eye was beyond cure, ati operation might probably restore sight to the other. It was the Drat glimmering of hope which Wray had known, lie was wild-. lv excited-eager to he treated without delay; full of Joyful anticipations; hut to his wife the tidings came as a warrant for her owu doom. She knew Inn hus band's weaknesses hy this time as well as Ids virtues: Ids shrinking from all that was painful, 1»!h craving afler beuuly In every shape. At the best the sight of her deformed face must >e a cruel disillusion; there were moments when she doubted If his lovu would out live tin- shock and the knowledge (hat site laid wilfully fostered a false Impres sion. Tho operation was performed, und dur ing the next two days Wray's eyes were closely bandaged. They were the longest days which Margaret had ever known, hut they came lo an eml ut last. Tho hour arrived when Hie dressings wero to be removed, aud the wife sat waltiug without In such an agony of suspense as falls to the lot of few mortal.- to en dure. The doctor glnnml keenly at Iter as lie touched her lee-cold hand lu greeting, and was so much alarmed by her appearance that lie despatched tho nurse to sit hy her side during the critical moments. She was a tall, handsome girl, whose ae- qualutanee with the Wrnys was of some years' standing, and Ikv:iuso she enter ed Into the wife's feelings with u woman's understanding she made no at tempt. tn speak, hut only took the cold hands in her own and held them In sym pathetic grip. Margaret Wniy stared at hor for some moments with vague, unseeing gaze, but gradually the young face, so beautiful in Its mood of softened tenderness, woke a throbbing memory In her own heart, Something like this she herself hud been before the blow fell which had shut tered her life. The luxuriant halt, regular features, and well-marked brows made the resemblance something more than a fancy, and It scorned to tho poor woman us If a ghost of her own past had risen to add fresh bitterness to her hour of humiliation. She looked piti fully at Hie girl, her need of comfort forcing her Into speech. has never seen me. Uo knows nothing— ami wc have been so happy. If his sight comes Kick he will love me uo longer. It will he the end!" "Dear Mrs Wray, don't say so. Don't let yourself IJiink such things. You wrong your husband. Rvun If he were disappointed ut llrst. it could make no real difference. He eouhl nut change nfter'all these years." The wire shook her head with the sad ness of settled conviction. "He is n mail," she said, "ntul has the art 1st nature. 1 lo would love the memory of. the wife whom lie has ima gined, hut every sight or my face would he a fresh shock. He would shrink from mo more and more. We would drift apart. I don't blame him. It Is ids nature. ' lJe cannot help It." The girl lifted her head, as If about to. speak,' hut the words died on her lips. The chill In her. own blood, the Instinc tive repulsion which held her hnek. when she most longed to comfort proved too surely the truth of the wife's pro phecy. So the two women sat In silence until the door opened and the doctor en tered. 11(5 advanced lo tho spoL whore Mrs Wray sat, his professional reserve glv- lug way to pure htiinan sympathy as lie realised what this woman was suffering. ".He can see, Mrs Wray," :1m said, gently, "but I must tell you that I am not satisiled. . . . There are symp toms of inflammation and I fear the sight, will not last. .1 have told your, husband my opinion, and that Uie eye must he re-bandaged without delay, hilt hefore; tliat. Is done he asks— he lias sent me— he Is anxious to see you." ' The wife looked at hbn, hud her fucc .was the face of a dead woman. .VYquvsuyrhc sight— will not last ?" \- "I fear, not. It Is most improbable. I win .only say I bitterly regret having, caused this disappointment, and— pain! Mr Wray Is naturally agitated— you need not stay with him more than a intinHo; hut F fear lie will not be su! hi lled until lie, has seen yoiL" . .Margaret's eyes roved round the rooiii like those of u limited Animal, ntul as Hiuy. did so they lighted on.thu Agurc of the nurse, straining forward In uu atlilude.of auxlut.v.'lier face all tearful and quivering.. She rose from her sent, with a sudden" Inspiration,. aiid gripped. .tho -girl, by' Uie shoulder. . "You will help me!" she -gasped. "You caul. You- must! it may lie only a- mo ment, and I ciimini, cannot ruin. his life and inlue. . . 1 lmve no one lint liltii. . I must keep his love, or. I .sluili die. . . .'Y'ou must, go and see iiliii hi my, place. . . You ure beautiful, lie will hu -huppy remembering your face, and you need not speak. . . The doctor will bring jam away before lie suspects!" Whtlu, she spoke,' her Augers weru busily engaged (u uiuloing the cap and apron which the nnrso wore as badges of. her. office, and when this was done she held them out with trembling hands, as though mutely asking, that tlicy, should he fastened oil herself. . "But, Mrs Wray, this Is not necessary. Spare yourself this ut leant. If nurse takes! your, place,, there Is .110 reason why you should distress yourself hy going luto the room." The doctor's voice 'was, not quite steady as he spoke, hut Margaret's look was full of reproach. "Do you Ihluk 1 could stay away? If lie lias not seen me, neither, Itave I seen hlm wlih his soul lii hls oycs. l inust go. ' It will be something to remember, (ill my life.; . ... ." . ; Tlie jmet lay on his bed hi the.dark-: jphed room, The blind of 'the further; whitlow was raised Jo' half iix ludght,. and through ft could he seen a vista' .of green houghs waving against the' blue. He was looking towards it, but,) as the doctor led tho nurse to the bed-' side, lie turned quickly, and gazed Into' her face.' His eyes, were dim ' ami bleared and. he held one hand before them as though in pain, nut witn inu o'theFhe 'dmw her down nearer and Hearer, until the -dark young face wuh close to 'lilsowh; V . VMnrgarot!" .lie1 cried, nud Ills, voice- was n soug of. triumph. "My wlfel my beautiful wlfel". A soli nf conlcutmuul "broke" from his throat, lie let his head full back oil the plllow. iind hold up his; lips with a winsome, childlike gesture. "KIss me, Margaret!" .For one instant the girl hesitated, but only one; then, in full sight of the onlooking. Agurc, she hent her hcml, aud tin! poet's Hps pressed hers lu u close, lingering kiss. . Margaret Wray neither moved nor spoke; It was the nurse whose self-possesslnti fulled, ami Hie doctor hurried her from the room In mo mentary four of discovery. Outside In tho sitting-room tho two women faced each other, silent and trembling. Then suddenly tho girl burst Into a torrent of tears, and, throw- lug her arms round Margaret's neck, kissed her. passionately on cheek and lip. and. brow. "Take tt hnek!" she solilied. "Take It liack! II Is vours— he meant It for yon.. He loves yon only. He will love you as long as he lives!" , But Margaret Wmy wns a true wo man. She stood rigid beneath the em bracing (lrius, aud her Hps refused to re turn the caress. Tho doctor's prognostications proved to he too well founded. The InAnmum- t foil Increased rather than diminished. When next tho dressings were remov ed, Wmv's sight luul faded so much time hn could Just distlngulsho betwuen night and day, and hy degrees the darkness closed tirottml him, from which them was uo hopu of escape. it was u hitler disappointment, hut he iKiro It bravely, without any relapse In to the hopeless despondency of Uu> past, and when ho alluded to the incident It was rather in a spirit of thankfulness than of repining. "God was good. He gave mo my heart's desire. I saw tho sky again and the green earth, nnd my wife's face— her bountiful face!" Then hu would stretch out his hand to l\nd hers, while she turn ed to the listener, craving his silence with pitiful eyes. It says much for n world wldeh Is of ten called by harsh nntnoH that through-, out their travellings together neither man nor woman was found cruel enough to shatter Wray's illusion, or to breathe a word to destroy his dream. The story of the blind pud who believed fuj ltnnlv in Hie benuiy of his utUlcted wife touch ed the coldest heart, aud won for hoth a tender, pitiful regard. Km they live lu pea-! and happiness, and every ldght of his life Hubert Wniy (hanks Neuvcii for Hie remembrance of bis wife's face; while Margaret, kneeling beside Iter h-.l, cries to God that, of His mcivy. He Mill give liuck to iter in Heaven her vanished bcuutv. so that Hubert, whom sin loves. utay not be dlsappolutud.- -"Tit-BlU." 