SERMON FOR SUNDAY Missionary Motto. Br Late Rev. O. H. Sitirokon. And HosnUl untotlicm, Goyeintoalltlie world, and preach the Gospel to every ereaturo. Ho that beltevetk mid is baptised shall lio Baved j hut lie that bolloveth not sbiill be damned.— Markxvi.lS, ill. 1\. In thiuking over this command, let us consider what it is wo havo to curry to every oroatuve — tho Gospel. Tlio "Gospel," which is to bo'told to " overy orcature," it seems to hio, is the greut tniih thnt "God wus in Ohrist reconciling the ' world unto Himself, not-imputing tliair trespasses unto them;" and lliut ",Ho hntli committed. unto us the wprd of reconciliation." ..God has looked in pity upon sinful mnu. Ho hntli sont His Eon to tako upon Himself tho unturo of man. Hia Eon has como in tho flesh. Ho hits wrought out a perfect righteousness by His obedient life. Ho has died upon the trco, tho J ust for tho unjust, that whosoever trusteth in Hiin niigbt.be forgiven. Than como tho Gospel's point and barb— beliovo in Him and bo . baptised,, uud you shall bo suved; reject Him, and your peril is imminent, for God declares it — yon must bo damned. , Whon wo preaoli the Gospel, then, we must dcoliiro to iho sons of men that thoy nro fallen, they uro sinful, thoy are lost, hut Christ hiis couio to Ueok and to save that which was lost ; that there is iii Ohrist Jesus, who is now in hoaven, gruco all-sufficient to meet each sinner's need; tlmt whosoever bcliovetli in Him shall be forgiven alibis sins, and shall receive tlio Holy Ghost, by which , be shall bo helped to lead a . new life, shall bo preserved in JioliiicM, and shall lip bruugkt'.safoly to lieailenk ' To preach the Gospel is to preach np ''Ohritit.' " It is 'not, us I beliovo; to proueh any- form of church government, or liny iipceinl -'creed, although both' of these may be needful to those who havo hoard and received tlio Gospel., The flrstmeesa go wehuve to preanh tii ovory ereaturo is that there is a Saviour : " Life, for a,' look ut the Crucified Olio, .lifo at 'this ' moment' fqi' fhee " — for all who .iopk.tu Him.""' Now. whatis meant by the word " preach "? I take its meaning in this pluuo to be very extoiisive. Same can literally preocli— that is, act as boralds, proclaiming tbo Gospel as tho town-cncr iroclaims hi tbo street tho incssiigo which lie is bidden to cry aloud. The tpwn-orior is, in fact, the world's proaehor, and tlio preacher of the Gospel is to be u crier, oryiiig aloud und sparing nut tho troth of Christ: I do not beliovo that Christ tolls us to go und play the orator to ovory creature. Our business is just to speak out the Gospel simply and plainly to overy oraature. Though all the members of a church cannot literally prcaoh iu this ordinary acceptation of tho term, yet if this cnmmnud bo for all, Ihon must ull liear that testimony to the world iu somb'other outspoken manner. Tlieirpreuoli- iug inuy be in divers ways. Somo must preaoli by their holy lives. Others must prcnch by their talking to the ones and twos, like the Master af tho woll, who wus as niueh preaching when Ho conversed .with tlio woman of Sumuria as whon He addressed the luuliitudo on tlio banks of tho Luko of Gon- iiesarot, and wbo uttered doctrine as sublime Iu tlmt little villago of Sycliav as Ho. pro claimed at tho Beautiful Guto uf tho tcmplo. Others must preach by distributing tho truth Xirinted for circulation; and a right noble survioo this is, especially when tho pure word of lifo, tho Bible itsnlf, is sown broadcast in this und other -lands. If wo ounnot speak with our own tongue, wu must borrow other men's tongues ; and if wo cuuuot writo with our own pans, wp, must borrow other men's penji;. hut wo must do it in somo way or oilier. The gist of this commund is that wo must make tho Gospel known to every croature by some means or other— throw it in his way, inuko him know that thoro is a Gospel, and ohallongo his vory curiosity to learn what it means. You cannot make liiin accept it, or beliovo it — thut is God's work — but you vail and must muko him know of it, and plead with him to receive it; mid do not let it bo your fault if he does nob woieumo it. Do nil, as much as within you lies, to make every creature know what the Gospol is, so that if ho will not accept it, yot ho shall havs hud the kingdom of God brought nigh to him. The responsibility of his avcoptiug or rejecting it shall then ho his business, aiul none of yours. r; Lest we should insko a mistake nbout the forco and pith of tho Gospol, Christ lias put it iu plum words: "Ho thut bcliovetli uud is baptised shall bo saved." That is to suy, if a man would participate in tho bounteous salvation which Christ lias wrought, ho must beliovo iu Ohrist, ho must trust Christ, lib must bolievo Christ to bo God's uppointcd Saviour, and if ho does thut, ho shall he saved. Further, tho text says he must ho baptised. Not , that thoro is any virtue whatsoever in baptism, but it is a small tiling for Ohrist tu expect that tho. man trusting to be suved by Him' should own and avow liis atluohmoiit to Him. Ho tlmt wishes to havo Christ as his Saviour should bo prepared openly to ucknnwledgo that ho is on Ohrisb's side. I tbelievo with all my heart that if you beliovo in Jesus Christ you will ho saved, whothor you . are . baptised or not ; but I would not liko to run tlio risk, mark you, for L have not got that iu my text. It is, " Ho that bclievoth and is baptised shall be saved," and I would take the two commands to gether, aud obey my Master's will through out. 2\. In the second place, let us solemnly con sider tho oxtont of this commission. Judg ing from tho faot that thoro ia no mentiun made of tituo, I gather that as long us there is a. church in the world tho obligation to preupli tho Gospel will remain, ana if that church should ovor como to consist of but one or two, it must still, with all its might, go on promulgating tho Gospel of Jesus Ohrist. Preuohing is to he for all time ; and until Jesus Ohrist Himself shall come, and the dispensation shall close, tho mission of tho uhurah is to " go into all the world and preaoli tlio Gospol," Thoro is no limit to'lie put as to whore this Gospel is to ho preached. It is to ho preached in " all tho world "—in Labrador, in" Afrion, where the Southern Cross shines high, or where Aroturus with his suns leads on tho night ; evorywliero, in ovory place ; no nation is to be loft out hooauso too degraded ; no ruco is to ho forgotten heoanso too far remote. The mission of the cliurcli deals with tho centre of Africa, with men who havo novor yet looked tho pale man in tho face. It deals with learned nations, as tho acute and scop- tienl Hindu, and with tho degraded tribes, as tho Hottentot in his kraal, tho Bcohuana and tlio bnsbmaii. There ia to bo no omission nnywlioro. It is tlio duty of tho church, according to this command, to mako known tho Gospol to every ereaturo. Tho mujesty of this command . overwhelms me. Such a commission wus nover given bo- foro or since. O Church of God ! thy Lord has given thee a work almost as immense as tho creation of a world ; nay, it is n greater work than that— it is to re-creato a world. What canst thon do in this P Thou oanst do nothing effectively, unless the Holy Bpirit shall bless what thou attamptest to do. But that -Ho will do ; and if thou dost gird up thy loins, and thy heart bo warm iu this eu- dcavour, thou slmlt yet he ublo to preach Jesus Christ to overy ereaturo. But now, thirdly, somo of you will ho ask ing the induoomontH to enlist in this servioo. It shall ho sufficient answer to ull persons, to say that tho rouson for preaching tho Gosncl to every ereaturo is, that God has said it. Oh, it was a grand shout— if it bud been for a bettor purpose — whon the hundreds of thou- rands gatliored togot-hor listening to tlio burning eloquence of tho hormit, whon ho budo them charge homo against tho Snraoons, and dolivor the holy sepulchre and tlio sucred pluoos from the infldol. Thon tho shout went up, "Dcmvult," "God wills it," mid in tlio strength uE that heliof, that God willed it, "a forest huge of Bponrs was couched, " and ton thousand swords wero un sheathed, and men dashed oil to battlo and to death. Oh, if tho Christian ohuroh could but fool "Dene milt," " God wills it," tlint now overy orenturo should hear the Gospol ! Doubtless tlioro are enough converted inon and women, if all bestirred themselves, to intikc Loudon ring from nnd to ond ns onoo did Ninovoh. One man awolto Ninnveh with his monotonous cry, "Yot forty days and Nineveh shall ho destroyod!" Suroly tho thousands might yot be us firebrands iu tlio midst of corn, if wo woro but in earnest nbuut this great command. Boliever, God domuuds this— is not that enough? Brethren and sisters, I do pray you preach tho Gospol of Jesus Christ, for your own sakos, if (hero wero no oilier reason. Depend upon it, your own spiritual vigour will be 4\. But now wo have our work before us, and our God to help us, and we accept the ohal- lengo. Brethren aud sisters, I call you to-, gother just us a master workman, when he' has a work to do, calls together his comrades and says, " Now, this is wbnt wo liavo to)do ; what powers luivo wo to work with, and l'to w- can wo doit?" Thoseof us who' are specially oallod to preach tho Gospel must tako our part. Oh ! it !b blossed employment ; angels might well onvy us that wo have suoh mi office committed to us us to proueh the Gospol. Are there uot many of you who could preaoli ? Lot no limn who has giits koep them hack. Thoro are tho streets, if you ouu find no other places ; and lot me say that thoro is no better work douo than that whioh is dono in tho stroots by tho open-air services. But nil havo not tlio ability to preach. We liavo somo who can tcuah tho young. Aro nil who can teacli the young cngagod in that work? Thon, ugum, could not' soino of you do good in your own houses? Cottage meetings, purlour-mcotings, drawing-room meetings — theso are all means of usefulness. How much good could some of you do by writing lottors to others ooiiooniing Christ ! How many of.you.might do good by circulat ing. tlio printed word — Bihlos and Gospel tracts, and suoh soriuons as will bo most likely to profit certain people if tlioy reud tliem ! To somo of you, it may ho, thero is committed tho talont qf inonoy. If you hnvo not tho guidon tongue, he thankful that you liavo the goldeu purso. Speak with that, you are us mueli bound to speak with thut as others with tlio golden uiouth. ' 'Whatever gift you. amy have, put it out ut interest, like a good steward, for your Master. But there are somo whom wb cannot tell to go and proiieh the Gospel, for tlioy do not know it thomselvcs; luid inito'tho wicked God saith, " What, hast thou to do to declare My. statutes?" To suoh wo say, - Incline your oar und listen. Jesus Ohrist hits suffered , that sinners might uot suffer. He wus God's Eon. He took tho sins of beliovcrs; He wus punished in their stead; and if thou wilt trust Him thou shalt bo saved. Trust Him, sinner, trust Him. Huy tlio Holy Ghost persuade tboo, und givo thee faith, uud unto tho Lord Jesus shall bo the glory, for over and over. Amen. 