SCoc&i; Sloths j Anglican.— llth Sunday after Trinity, August , 29— Holy Trinity — Holy coniumniou at 8, mattins , at 11, ehildieu'b service and baptisms at 3, even- song at 7-30, Yarrow Creek (Mr Morley's) at.ll, Gleucoe at 3. Meeting of Girl's Friendly Society at the Vicarage on Thursday, August 26, at 7 30 p.m. Teacher's meeting to-night at 7-?0. Rev. Canon Kiug, vicar. Wksleyan.— Order of divine service for uext Lord's Day is as follows —Glen Innes 11 and 7-30, Welliugrove at 3. — Rev. \V. T. S. Wright. Presbyterian. — Sunday next, August 29th — Glen Innes at 11 (Home Mission collection by ap- appointmeiit of the General Assembly), Dundee at 3, Deepwater at 7.30. — Rev. J. Edwards, B. A. Glen lunes at 7 30 — Mr. S. YV. Burridge. Fellow- : ship Association on Sunday morning at 10. Death of Matron Burlky.— It is with the deepest regret we have to chronicle the death of Miss Clara Bnrley, matron of the local hospital, which sad event occurred at YYest Maitlaud ou Thursday. Matron Barley by her kindly disposi tion, her attention of the ardous duties of nursing (oftinics night after night without her rest) made her an especial favorite with all who knew her, and the committee of the hospital will have some difficulty iu replacing oue who in every respect was so suitable to the position. The; news... of the good matron's death came as a great-surprise to all, as she left but a few weeks ago on a well-deserved leave of absence, and must have contracted a severe cold since leaving here. Her illness was hut of" a short duration, and death is attributed to pue'u- mouia, brought on by rheumatic fever. .. Miss Bur- ley, who was 34 years of age, was appoiuted as matron iu Glen Innes about 18 months ago, and previously was epgaged on the uursiug staff of the West Maitland Hospital for about eight years. The funeral took place on Saturday. We express our deepest sympathy to the bereaved parents for the loss of so good a daughter. Mr. Burley, father of the decease lady, arrived iu town yesterday morning. Serious Blasting Accident.— YVe learn from the Grafton Examiner that an accident of a serious nature occurred at the Mann River - on Thursday- It appears that three dynamite charges had been put in at the Mount Rea mine, two of which went off. To ascertain why the third did not act a youug miner uamed Thomas Gibbous (late of New Zealand) went into the shaft, against the. advice of the managers, Messrs Blair and Breuuau. He was in the act of stooping over the charge, when it ex ploded, and he received the full force of the stuff in the face, chest and arms. On examination the man's eyes were found to be much injured, and Mr. Blair closed the, mine to enable the men to oriug Gibbons to where he might receive medical aid. He was conveyed 20 miles on a stretcher, 25 men carrying him in relays. At 2 a.m. on Friday he reached Mr YY7. Campbell's and a buggy being obtained, ho was conveyed to the Hospital, which was reached about 9 a.m., aud placed under Dr. Hedley's charge. Too much praise canuot be ac corded the manager and men at the mine for the attention they gave lhe sufferer. The undertaking of carrying an injured person over such country at night was attended with great risk, aud a risk that would have been quite unnecessary had the Go vernment only acceded to the numerous requests made them to construct a road to the Mann River. Fears are entertained that Gibbons will lose the use of both eyes. Splendid Find at Coramba. — An impor tant discoveiy has been made at Upper Bucca, between the Beacon mine and Cor amba Peak, in the direcf line between that mine and Coramba Queen. The lode con sists of gossan and ferruginous quartz, with gold showing thickly throughout it. From the outcrop over an ounce to the dish has been washed. The gold is coarse and heavy, and. of good size iin the stone. Little has been done so far on account of the men being engaged forming a camp, but a commence ment in opening up the lode was to have been uiade yesterday. The Examiner thinks this find, as a surface show, is better than anything yet made so far in the district, and promises to be one of the most important properties yet discovered. As far as can be judged by present indications of the outcrop, the lode is about six feet wide. Thevground has been pegged out all round it. The pro perty will be known as " The Louise." It is owned by a local syndicate of miners and working men. It consists of 40 shares, and 50 per share has been refused repeatedly al ready. The Dog Act.— A peculiar case was de cided under the Dog Registration Act at Grafton last week. A citizen was summoned for having an unregistered canine, and the police felt sure of a conviction when the evi dence fgr the' prosecution was tendered. The point was taken that it was not shown that the Dog Act had been extended to Grafton, and this technical objection broke down the case. The provisions of the Act certainly were extended to Grafton many years ago. but it appears this fact must be proved in every individual case. Scores have been fined without such proof, but no doubt the police will take care the omission will not occur again. Death from Eating Orange Peel. — At Wallabadah recently a little boy, named Arthur Tanner, aged six, got hold of some orange peel and ate it. This brought on a complication of troubles. A medical man was called, but the ease was hopeless, and the child died. The little fellow's remains were carried to the grave by six of his com panions, and the school children followed. An Original Way to Raise Hospital Funds. — A proposal (aays a Northern Queensland journal) has just been made by a few shearers to the Barcaldine 'Hospital committee, which at first sight seems de cidedly unique and original. It was that the hospital obtain a supply of tambourines and bones to lend to shearers at the various sheds, the instruments to be used in the men's, really excellent entertainments in aid of the institution. The committee appreciate the idea so much that the " tools" were ordered, and upon their arrival will be at once forwarded to sheds in the neighborhood where shearing is now proceeding. Of course the instruments will be returned to the hospital when done with, and sent out again when required. The shearers deserve every credit for the mgeniousness of the sug gestion, which is probably the first of the kind ever made to a hospital. Committed for Trial. — At the Police Court yesterday, Hannibal Assmussen was charged before Mr, F. R. YVilshire, P.M., for that on or about the 8th day of July last he did break and enter the warehouse of Andrew Wesley at Grey street, Glen Innes, and steal therefrom one hunting silver watch and one pipe, of the value together of £z 7s. 6d. The evidence of Constable Gray, Hugh Hau liers, Alfred Lucky, and Andrew Wesley was taken ; after which the accused was fully committed to take his trial at the ensuing Quarter Sessions on 3rd September next.. Accused was allowed bail— self in £&o;, with two sureties in £a- No sureties were forth coming, and accused was remanded to gaol.; Remaining in Gaol to Y\7in a YVagek. — u<o Grauf Eeinct Advertiser of July 5 contains t lie ; following references to Mr. Davlt-s, the Australian member of the RaucV Reform League, who was re leased by President Kruger on the occasion of. thq Diamond Jubilee Mr. Karri Davies left Cape' Town for England on YY'cdnesday. Capt. Sampsou arrived in town for the purpose of saying good-bye to him and will probably proceed to Beluwayo. The gaoler and the warders assembled aud gave three cheers as the two sturdy Reformers left the Pretoria gaol. Messrs Sauipson and Davies do lint come out of the Pretoria prison absolutely 'stony,' for it is stated that by sticking to their resolution not to beg or crave pardon from the Transvaal Government they win 1130,000 in bets made with the other Reformers who were only too pleased to sign away their independence." Eight Hours for Nurses.— A Sydney corres pondent writes : — The desire to force the eight hours system in all Government establishments has brought up the question of nurses in" all the hospitals and asylums. Their work varies very much. Sometimes it is very fatiguing, sometimes it is light. But to apply rigidly the eight hours rule in all hospitals, small and large, would involve heavy additional expenditure. Dr. Manning says that in the lunatic asylums it would meau an addi tional expenditure of £15,000 a year, besides £20,000 for us w accommodation. The Assembly has passed a resolution iu favor of - the shorter hours, bat. with 'a proviso that the rule shall only be enforced wheu practicable, which may mean little or nothing. ; The. National Policy.— A Dnbbo paper is re sponsible for saying that whilst iu that town Mr. Lyne said that the whole ot the capital, save £8000, which would be required to launch a morn ing Protectionist paper in Sydney has beeu sub scribed. It will be. remembered that at the con ference recently held iu Sydney the matter was discussed, and a committee appoiuted to make the necessary investigations.. The necessity of such au organ is sadly felt in the city and couutry alike, as a checkmate to the powerful organs on the freetrade side. The Star dues excellent work as an evening paper, but it, of course, cannot serve the purpose of a morning journal, published at the same hour as the Herald and JD. T.t and carrying forward to the public the Protectionist side of political questions, and give its readers the news as they do. The want of a morning paper in the metropolis is a pressing one, and it is to be sin cerely hoped it will soon be supplied. A Child Sent by Post. — A novel parcel for de livery by express post was handed iu at the Bir mingham Post office. A working man who had beeu p.ut of town with his three- years-old child ar rived in Birmingham in time to reach his place of business, but not sufficiently early to take the child home. He therefore walked into the nearest post- office aud tendered the youngster as au express parcel. The authorities, under the tule regulating the delivery of live animals, accepted the child, and duly delivered it at a charge of 9d. Rewarding Politeness. — According to a Hull journal a great piece of good luck has fallen to the manager of the Bridlingtou branch of one of the/ banks in that town. An elderly lady of great wealth was struck by his urbanity while visiting the seaside for her health, and entrusted him with the management of her commercial affairs, Not long ago she died, and on the will being. read, it was fouud that she had left £30.000 to her trusted agent. Let other bank clerks take the hint, for in London banks (so say3 the Westminster Budget) urbanity is not their strong point. A Sydney Ghost. — The following report, pub lished in Sydney on Friday afteruoen, has awakened a good deal of interest aud aroused special curiosity iu the neighborhood of Strawberry Hills : — There is an untenanted house on the corner of Dawson and Clisdell streets, formerly occupied as. an hotel. Constable Harland was in the act of pointing out the premises to his mate, whom he was showing round the beat, when they descried something black sitting on the doorstep. The officers ap- proached, and Harland stretched. out his hand to grasp the buudle when it rose up and before the eyes of the policemen vanished through the thick door. For about a quarter of an hour the police kept up the chase iuside the house, bat only with" poor success. As they reached the bottom of the Btairs they turned to take a last look round when they beheld it following in their wake. This was too much for the officers, and they made all speed out ef the house into the street. Arrangemeuta have been made to take up the hunt 011 a more ex tensive scale. The officers describe ,the apparition as beiug of a most . extraordinary appearance. It had a pair of flappers like a seal, aud the upper part towards where' the head ought, to be was co vered with what looked like bags. , The operetta " Trial by Jury,'' with all the original music, will be staged in the Town Hall next month in aid of the funds of the Benevolent Society. YVe are looking for ward to a musical treat. The new find at Coramba is likely to bring that field prominently before the min ting world, Mr. J. Noonen opened his new refresh ment rooms on Saturday. In every respect the establithment is a model one. The country around Glen Innes is looking weli. 