BLADYS: A WOMAN OF COURAGE. BY S. BARING-GOULD, M.A., Author of "Melalah," "The Broom-Squire, Tho Pennycomequlcks," etc. CHAPTER IX.— NAN. Luke Francis had departed; and Nan Norris carried Bladys to bed, and did all that lay In her power to soothe her overwrought nerves, rightly judging that what she needed was not rousing, but the opposite treatment. giia pn f ki, fl.A liafl till eho cflW BladVS was asleep. Thea she descended the stairs, went out side the house, and put up the shutter. The Savoyard lay by the expiring lire, and was snoring; the monkey, coiled up in a ball in his bosom, was also asleep. Satisfied with what she hod done, Nan now opened the door to an adjoining apartment in tho length of the house, and shut that alter her. Next she unbolted an outer door, and in another minute the sound was heard of the clatter of horse hoofs up the steps to the garden from the 'f.'Od. Immediately following the sounds came the horses that had produced it. They passed in at the door, through the room, and disappeared into a cellar behind, excavated out of the rock. Five entered, and were followed by as many men wearing masks. The leader threw oft his, and disclosed the face of George Straccy, the man who had entered for the game of bowls that was to be played for Bladys, but who had withdrawn. "Give us a buss, weneh!" said Stracey; we've not dono badly to-night, but there was no occa sion for our horses, as it happened. "Hush!" said she; "make no noise. We have guests. Did you not mark that the shutter was down?" "Ay, or we should have stabled our beasts earlier. But you have closed now, and that is the signal that our quarters are safe." "Jacomo Is here." "There is nothing to be apprehended from him. He is our very good servant, and anon does us an excellent turn." "And Stewponey Bla is above." "Alive or dead?" "Alive and asleep." ' "Oil's life! she looked like one dying. You baggage, you were jealous, aud would not let me contest for such a prize, or I might have won." "No. George, I would not permit it." "You jade! Come now, give us a wet of gin. We're cold with tarrying so long In the falling dew, waiting for notice that ull was safe." "Step into the cellar. Nothing eau be beard that is said there." When morning broke. Stewponey Bla opened ber eyes. Nan perceived with delight that she was recovering; there was no longer a dazed look ill her eyes, a stony indifference in her face; some color now flushed her cheeks. Nan had shared her bed with Bladys, and when she rose she addressed her companion in cheery fashion, and was answered rationally and readily. Not only so, hut Bladys exhibited a desire to know where she was, and how she came to be there. "My dear," said Nan, sotting her arms akimbo, with a hand on each hip, "you and your man when you was married yesterday were travel ling to Bridgenorth, and tho rascally highwaymen stayed tho carriage. Ah, me! What a sight of wickedness there is in the world! And that man of yours turned out of the chaise, and emptied his pockets, and surrendered all the blunt he had, mild as buttermilk, and shaking for fear in his shoes." The girl broke into a merry laugh. "By dear Goles! I dare be sworn it is sufficient to frighten any man to see about him masked men; and you— you was also out of your senses. Yot they made you dance with them on the heath. And some of those Godforsaken knaves fetched me also to tread a measure. But I heed them not. I have no gold to lose, nor silver either. They do no harm to the poor; they address their cour tesies to the rich alone. As for me, I can hold my own in the face of them. And Tom, the post boy, he took it all as a matter of course, it isn't the first time Tom has been stopped, I'll warrant ye." Nan was a handsome girl, short, firmly lcnlt. With high color, dark hair, and lustrous hazel eyes full of twinkle. As she spoke there was a dash and fire in her manner that plainly said the wickedness of the world did not vastly grieve her, that the world would have been but a dull planet without some spice at wickedness in It, and that highwaymen were not to her objects of utter abhorreuce. "It Is well for you that you fainted. Captain Velvetface " "Who is Velvetface?" "The Captain. You see, all have black faces — but they are muffled in crape, whereas he alone has a mask of velvet. Oh, a rare man is he!" She flushed and her eyes gleamed. "He might have carried you off. I know Velvetface. That Is, I have heard tales told of him. They declare that lie loves gold dearly, but that he loves pretty girls more dearly still than gold. Set a bag of yellow guineas before him, and beside it a bright-eyed quean, and I know which he will choose. But you were white and dead, like a figure of snow, aud not to his taste. So he chose the money bag. Poor fool." laughed Nan. "I dare swear you have not lcissed your husband, uu-f now he has run aivay." "He is gone?" "Gone home to Shrewsbury. The talk is that lie is in the law, aud the assizes are coming on. Bah!" She wiped one hand against the other. "I would have 110 dealings with a lawyer. Such be spiders as weave the webs that catch and throttle our boys. Ah, well! we're 'clear of Ouiou tills year. Tom Matthews is uoue of ours." "What do you mean by Onion?" "Onion? I thought every man, woman, and child knew of him." "Who is he?" "The hangman." "Do you know him?" "I know of liim. That Is enough. I'fecks — I pray God deliver me fiom further acquaintance with liim. He wears a mask, they say. I do not know. I have never been at a hanging. He is an Onion, they tell, that has brought tears Into many eyes." Then Nan departed. When she hud left the room Bladys rose. She was weak in body, but composed lu mind and clear in head. She was desirous of being alone, for only alone was she in condition to under stand tho events that had taken place, and through which she had passed. During the previous day her mind had been half dead. She bad seen, heard, felt, what bad taken place without any corresponding emotion within. A series of pictures had passed before her eyes, but they had beeu to her without signi ficance. The distress and perplexity to which she had been subjected had deprived her of sleep, and had so harassed her by day that she had been thrown into a condition of nervous exhaustion, In which everything was to her indifferent. She bad been as n sleep-walker upon the day when she was bowled for, won, and wedded. Her actions had beeii those of an automaton. It may be that a swoou is Nature's method of recuperation of the vital powers, that it concen trates Into a little space of time the beneficial effects of a week of unintermitted slumber. The long lapse into unconsciousness, followed by even sleep, had restored the mental activity of Bladys. Sho was glad to be left alone, that she might review what hud taken place and orientate herself for the future. She slowly dressed, and then seatecj herself on a stool by tho latticed window, looking forth into the foliage of the sycamores, through which the light twinkled, as tho morning wind agi tated the leaves. Now she was able to summon every picture that bad presented Itself to her eyes on the day before. It was as the "Witch of Endot calling up ghosts and quaking before the apparitions that answer ed. The proceedings of tho preceding day un rolled themselves before her in their proper se- qunee. Sho could recall every incident, even the most mluuto and trifling; every word that had been spoken, even the intonation of tbe voices that had spolton them. But now, and now only, did she understand what these pictures and utterances signified. As the melody in Baron Munchausen's post-lioru was frozen, and at the time it was sounded remained mute, but afterwards by tile fire beeamo uusealed and the notes flowed in their proper order and harmonic propriety, so was it now with the recollection of the event3 of the day that was past As Bladys sat at tbe window looking at the twink ling foliage, she saw them not, but Instead con templated a retrospect, Her father bad been impatient to be rid' of her that he might bring Catherine Barry into the house— one of whom she could not think without a shudder as the element that embittered her toother s last days, the cause of the acceleration of her cud. Branded into her convictions was the thought that it would not have been possible for her to remain at the Stewponey when that woman entered it to assume therein a position as mistress. There was sufficiency of good feeling In her father's dull and perverted heart to make him aware of tills. But the manner In which he sought to rid himself of his child was in itself an outrage, hardly inferior to that of Introducing Catherine Barry into her mother's room. There was uo other excuse for his conduct than the lame one of weakness. Aud indeed more mis chief is worked to tho world by feebleness than vice. This Impotence of will had led Cornelius Rea Into the scandal of setting his daughter as a prize to he gamed for, and of thrusting her into the arms of a man of whom he knew nothing and for whom she did not care. She saw before her eyes the bowling green. She was nlone on it wlUi Crispin liaveuhill; sho saw his soft eyes full of kindly light, heard the tremor of his voice as ho spako kindly to her, felt again the throbbing of her. heart in response. And she saw, further, the bowling green invaded by a great concourse of men; she saw the number of competitors reduced to two, the jack caBt, tho bowls thrown; she heard once more tho contro versy over the unbiassed ball, she saw the wrestl ing men— everything up to the moment when she touched the jack with her foot, set it rolling, and it tripped up Crispin Ravenhill. Then, sho spraug to her feet with a cry of dia- may, of .anguish, of self-reproach; she thrust the fingers of both hands through lier dork hair and drew them out as far as she could extend her hair, and stood thus, as one struck to atone. "What alls thee?" asked Nan, running up the stairs at her cry. "Nan Norris," said Bladys, hastily. - I must know what followed. I have got so far. Listen to me." With feverish heat, with gleaming eyes, and a flame burning in each cheek, she told the girl all that had taken place — she spoke of the events as though reading them out of a book, with breathless rapidity. And then, when she reached the fall of Crispin,, she broke off. Then, after a pause, she said, ; "I must know what has happened to him. Is he dead? Did I kill him? Nan, Nan, I will myself go to Kinver and inquire. "That you cannot, or you shall not do," said tho warm- hearted girl. "Nan, I shall die of self-reproach and dreadful expectations. 1 cannot endure it. I must know. The thought is like a drop of fire that will not out; it burns in— ever moro inward. I must know tho truth. I rolled the jack. Ho tripped and fell— loll with his head on it. If I had not touched the jack he would not have gone down. He would have been tho conqueror, and l—I — " slnfi with drew iter hands from her streaming hair and covered lier face. "Set your mind at case," bairt Nan, caressingly. "You'll get mazed with thinking and with fan cies. I'll myself run to Kinver, and you shall hear all anon. Sit you down and think no moro about it. Yet, this I can tell you; I do not believe he can be dead, or some tidings would have reached our place before now. Bad news goes about liko squirrels." j Nan was as good as her word. She threw a shawl over her head and went forth. Duriug her absence Bladys sat at the window, looking into the twinkling leaves, and with thoughts that twinkled— now flashing with hope, now obscure with despair. She did not move from her place; she did not stir a finger of her folded hands, only her lips moved as she spoke with herself inaudibly. The time passed without her being able to es timate how long it was. Whether sho had been sitting there for ten minutes, for ten years, for an etornlty, she could not have said. She was in one of those trances— of which perhaps death may bo one— in which time ceases to be an ele ment to be accounted with. She was roused by, tho band of Nan on her shoulder. "Stewponey Bla! He is alive and recovering. Ho was stunned; nothing worse. By Goles, though, there was something worse— he lost you by that fall." Bladys looked round at Nan. and said: "I have something for your ear." "What may that be?" Nan threw herself on the floor at the feet of Bladys. Sho was hot and tired with running, her hair dispersed, her eyes twinkling with plea sure and kindly thought. She folded her hands on tbe knee of Bladys, and looked up into her white face." "Nan, can you answer questions?" "That depeuds on what tbe questions bo.". . "Nan, I do not love my husband." ' "Od's life, I do not marvel," laughed the girl. "And I love another." "That I can guess." The girl started from her sitting posture to her knees. "And," continued Bladys. "I will never, never bo the wife of him who married me. So help mo God." "Whew!" exclaimed IJJan, "and where in all this Is the question?" "What now shall I do?" "That," said Nan, "Is what I cannot answer. You must take mother iuto counsel; she has teetk to crack such uuls." CHAPTER X.— CASTLE FOREGATE. On the second day a red-headed, red-whiskered man arrived in a buggy, drawn by a sandy burse with a straw-colored mane and tail. He had beeu commissioned by Luke Francis to fetch Bladys. Business that was urgeut pre- ' vented Francis from himself coming for her, but he sent word that she might rely on his substitute to convey her to Shrewsbury ou the morrow, where he awaited ber arrival with the \ impatience of a lover. A difficulty arose as to the disposal of the horse. As Nan said, they had no accommoda tion at the Rock Tavern tor beasts, but If tho man liked to turn out the horse in a paddciA: for the night, and himself lie at the iuu, they were able to accommodate him so far, as there was a r spare chamber. To this he readily consented, as be desired to start at an early hour on the morrow. "What Is your name?" inquired Nan. I "Abraham — Thomas Abraham," replied tho I inau. The old woman over the fire looked up j aud said — ! "There was an Abraham Jarrock, a boy, and ; he had a red head, and his father had a red head ; before him, and he came from Bewdley." . i The man drew back out of the light, but tho glittering eyes of the old woman followed him. "You're sure you're not Abraham Jarrock? j He was a tiresome boy, and had red hair." ; "My name is Thomas Abraham." > "And yet you've a red head." She turned and rubbed her dry palms oyer the fife. Presently she looked round aud asked; "You come from Bewdley?" "No, 1 do not, but from Shrewsbury." "And yet you've a red bead." She again ruminated over the fire, rubbing her hands together. Then, after awhile, reverted to the same topic. "What was your father's head like?" "Grey." auswered the man, impatiently. "And yet yours is red. It may have beeu rea before it turned grey. How do you know that it was not red ouce?" "I remember it only grey." "ft may have been red, and then you'd be a Jarrock, and come from Bewdley." "Don't attend to mother; she h»3 queer mag gots in her braiu," said Nan. Next morning betimes Abraham had the buggy at the door, with the sandy horse between tho shafts, and was stroking its straw-colored mane. Bladys parted with Nan Norris with tears on both sides. The girl had been kind to ber, and although Abraham was commissioned to pay what charges were made for tho entertainment of Bladys and his own lodging, yet no money could discharge the debt of tenderness she owed to this warm-hearted girl. (To bo continued.) i 