A SYDNEY MIRACLE. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. THE INTERESTING CASE OF MIn. THIOMAS JARVIS, WHO SAYS THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO HE WAS CRIPPLED- PARTIALLSY PARALIZED, SUFFERING FROM LOCO MOTOR ATAXIA. AND HELPLESS. DOCTORS, HOSPITAL AUTHORITIES, AND EVERY ONE SAID HE MUST DIE AS mEII CASE WAS HOPELESS. DUT THEY WERE MISTAKEN. TO-DIY HE IS A NEW MIAN, FULL OF LIFE AND ENERGY, IlS. CRUTCHES HE HAS TIIROWN AWAY, HIS DEAD LIMBS-HlAVE LIFE, HIS APPETITE HAS R]ETURNED, AND IN FACT HE HAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUT AND OUT. So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian II'orkman a few weeks ago: One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 15 Crown-lane, Ultimo. .-He was discovered nursing a two-year- old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. ce was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : " You want to know all about my case!. Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The factsmay be of value to those who are stricken as I was. " How long were you suffering !1 "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident.- I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual. development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island-" " What were the symptoms !" " Simply indescribable. The pains were I something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no con trol over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hope less. However, he gave me an onler to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make the use of the order ?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well iii bed ever since. Five rveeks ago I could not walk across the floor , in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then ithat it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was :ttending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I was in. I was un der him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances if gait and difficulty :in co- ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might lpst for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his lees about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible). Well, just as a drowing man; will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the adver tisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australlan I'orhmam, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I .jead in the advertisement of a case which Themed to fit my own. I dctermined to give the Pink Pills a trial, anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though-nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest 1 and for many a day. It was incredible. I immedi ately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now tak ing the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, but am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutchers here They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak-to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per, cent. better," said MIrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I. can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep.on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in- the very pink of heallh :and strength to work at that trade. aIam better to day than I have besen at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. Thcy have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepicce thereis a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excraciating pair. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. IMy being obout again has causled quite a sensation out here." Such is the remarkable history, and con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, all the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such aa ansemia, pale mind sallow complexion, gener.d mscular wea:k ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, necrvous heasl ache, &c.; These Pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are solt by chemists and storekeepers gener ally, or the Dr. Williams' Miedicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on rcceipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s. 9d., or half-dozen for 1Us. 9?4, 