\- Gmbtoto'B^v— Telegrams which aime .. from oaf correspondents on Tuesday convoyed the gratifying intelligence .that splendid rain : . had fallen over tho greater portion of tho agri cultural lands of tho colony, although in tho anas furthest north only light showers foil. The put fortnight has been an exceedingly anxious 'time for the fanners, who have seen their crops withering under the influ ence of hot north winds, and in many puts fears were cxpressod that wioiber bad ssason would be experienced. The refreshing showers that have fallen since Saturday have, however, imbued the tillers of the soil 'with renewed hope. The weather in town throughout Tuesday night was exoeed iagly. boisterous. A hicrh wind blew, and ?oreral sharp showers fcU as the bear y clouds scudded over the city. Ax Exfoscue of Ghosts.— How to lay ?a' ghost was the- useful subject of a letter written by Mr. Frederick Wicks in the Timu on August 20. It may bo safely commended to the attention of the Psychical Research Society. Mr. Wicks found himself (say* the &. Jana't Budatt) the embarrassed paaessor of a 'haunted', house. There was one room, occupied by servants, in which appalling noises wero heard. The housemaid bad hysterics ; tho cook gave notice. So Mr. VM* took action. He put his son, a young wj^bman without nerves and with a legal training, to sleep in the haunted room. Sure enough, .tho observer was awakened in the ?uiuuio m we mgns oy tne proper gnosuy sounds. He heard the noise of a scuffle, the fall of a body, a sound as of a heavy body dragged across tho floor, and, finally, a long, wailing cry of a suitably blood-curdling des cription. Mr. Wicks tracked the sounds to their lair, and found they came from a closed roof. So he sent in a carpenter, who explored the rafters, and discovered that a large colony of bats had taken up their abode inside the roof. The bats were chased away, and the sounds ceased. It seems almost a pity to lay so promising a 'ghost' so quietly. If only Mr. Wicks bad invited a committee of the Psychical Research Society to make investiga tions, we might have had » spectral correspon dence which would have kept ns interested— and cool— all through tho silly season. For there is nothing like a ghostly shiver down the backbone for cooling ono's tcmporaturo on a : not day; ,. A Remarkable ash Gruesome Relic.— In the Sienna Convent in Qrogheda there is a remarkable relic In 1GS0 a Catholic Bishop, Dr. Oliver Plunkett, was hanged, drawn, and quartered at Tyburn. The head, partially burned, was rescued by some devout Catholic who witnessed the execution. It was scnt.to Romo, where ultimately it found, its vray to tho Irish College Finally it was brought back to Ireland by Dr. MacMahon. the Primate, and Handed over to the Abbess, Catherine Plunkett, a relative of the Bishop and the foundress of the first branch of the Sienna Order in Ireland. This head is still in a wonderful state of preservation., The ex pression of tho mouth, in which the teeth are perfect, is almost lifelike, and is absolutely devoid of the ghaitlincss of death. As a com ment on Cromwell's visitation, it may bo said that Drogheda is the most intensely Catholic town in Ireland. The present popu lation consists of about 12,000, of which over 11.000 are Catholics., There are twenty-four Corporators, of which three are Protestants, a 'proportion which may put Belfast to the blush. The town is prosperous, and among the flourishing industries is the Boyne Weaving Company.— Wcttmintler Budget. A Romance or Modern Pabis.— Jenny Masson, . who ten yean ago had all Paris at. her feet, was arrested on Friday, August 20, for embezzlement The story of her life is one of tho romances of modern Paris. As a girl she was possessed of such beauty and fascination that she was able to command, the worship of men. But she was as heartless as she was beautiful, and many a young Parisian of wealth .was ruined by her, and as ofton as not her victims blew their brains out when they found themselves cast . off for. others and more wealthy lovers. The scandal of her lift* and the sacrifice of her . dupes in conrso of time became so pronounced that she found it advisable to leave Paris for a time. She wens on tho stage, but achieved a mediocre- reputation only, and ultimately found herself in Russia friendless and penni less. She managed to get back to Paris, and went to an old friend, who took her in out of charity. It was, however, misplaced, for she annexed all the valuables she could find and sold them, and. is now under arrest in con 'sequence. — Dttlzid. ? : : HO.VESTT AXD ABILITT Of WOXEC.— Women bavo been tried long enough in positions of trust (says the Prori&cncc; Jour nil) to prove their exceptional fidelity. The opinion is grov/inc, wo think, that they can be hotter trusted with the. till than men can. Women cashiers in shops aro increasing in number, and very few cases of theft occur . amonjr them. ; To say that they have fewer tomptatioaa than men have is to beg the issue, nor is it exactly a manly plea. Tbo tot of the honesty of women, triumphant as it has been, must lead in timo to their employment in more important positions of financial respon sibility. If a woman can act successfully as cashier in a largo business establishment, why should she be shut out of '.brokers' offices and Banks? It may be argued, of course, that in a Bank, in particular, tho training of clerks and tellers! is intended to fit tham for advance ment : that in timo as they become cashiers or Presidents they have those larger financial . problems to deal with about which a woman is expected to know nothing. But there are not wanting examples of women who have won conspicuoussuccess in business affairs of a wide scope In Banks they might not be superior to men; the percentage of dishonesty might in time become as large among them as among men ; but experience with them in other capa cities certainly anjfgcsts th« possibility that the atmosphere of the banking-bouse may in timo cease to be exclusively masculine. There is one occupation in which the honesty of r Women is very severely tested. This is domestic service. The most suspicious house keeper cannot lock up everything; opportuni . ties for pilfering lie at every hand. Yet in ?. ill the grievances of which' matrons complain &ft;*.plaj» the smallest part. Is is true, of . ? co&se;, that a largo number of man mar bo . found in domestic service, but these are still few in comparuon with tho women, and we . should say that, oa the whole, their honesty ', has beon loss conspicuously proved. It will not do to indulge in hasty generalizations upon facts, imperfectly known, but certainly there is no reason for saying that women are less honest than men, while there are strong indications pointing the other way. Let the misogynist consider this and hang his head in shame. 