THE LAW OF LIBEL. IN New South Wales an effort is being made by the newspapers, in a half- vigorous combine, to bring about an amendment of the libel laws, which there, as here, permit of the vexing of honest men who are seized to the full of the grave responsibilities attaching to the conduct of a journal of any more importance than the mythical Arizona 1 Kicker.' It is well within the power of any blackmailing ruffian (and there are, unhappily, many of them permitted to continue to discredit a learned profession), to put the most carefully edited newspaper to expense in connection with threatened libel actions with which there is not the slightest intention of proceeding, but out of the preliminaries of which considerable annoyance and some expense arises. And occasionally the blackmailer scores, for amongst proprietors or proprietaries of newspapers are men who regard the appearance of their journal in Court, even to defend a 'good ' action, much as one of them would view the appearance of his wife in the witness box as prosecutrix in a criminal assault case. The libel law of this province is very strict, as is that of New South Wales. Probably for the same reason. Both colonies were convict depOts in the early days of their history, and the blood of the transported flows in the veins of legislators and men in high official and judicial positions. And in their narrow dread that anything approaching to full liberty of the Press would place in the hands of editors a weapon with which to scarify them they refuse to advocate any extension of its privileges. Their fears are altogether groundless. No respectable journal would resort to the cowardly tactics of fighting a man from behind the forgotten ghost of his great grandfather who, perhaps a convict, may still have been an honest man. Papers which would endeavor to besmirch the clean reputation of a good citizen by such a process are conducted by record-raking ghouls for whom or whose writings the intelligent public has no regard, and of which no notice is taken, even by men of their own depraved and degraded species. Such are even more to be despised than is the blackmailing lawyer, and he is a degree lower than the 'fizgig' of the policeman who accepts the hospitality of fallen women and ' puts them away' as vendors of liquor while not holding licenses. Newspapers nowadays are business ventures just as carefully conducted as any in which men of pronounced commercial integrity are engaged. The proprietor knows that to maintain the public confidence and to keep the circulation of his journal up to the point at which it is on a level with the eyes of the advertiser, who is 'ts financial support, he must present a reliable, snappy, newsy sheet in touch with the times, and always close up to date. Happenings must be chronicled, possibilities discussed, and probabilities discounted, to bring the future down to the present. Even with the utmost care an item of news, apparently true, and published in good faithj may contain a hidden libel, or veil a suggestion which the legal shark construes into defamation of a man unknown and unthought of at the time the lines were editorially • reviewed. A letter follows the appearance of the paper—not requesting a correction of an apparent and evident error—demanding compensation for damages done the reputation of an obscure individual, who never, since he began to chew tobacco, had any more use for a character than an emu has for an umbrella. Also a fee for the lawyer is required. Failing compliance, proceedings are threatened. And if the' defamed' individual has sufficient money to pay the preliminary expense, a writ is sent along ' on the off chance.' Then the newspaper man has to reply at the fixed tariff, and the case may, or may not, go on. ' London Saturday Review ' may be quoted at this stage in the proceedings. That reputable and powerful journal says : The number of cases in which the law procures real redress for a real injury are few and far between. The majority of libel actions are either frivolous or vindictive. But this is not the worst. There is not an important newspaper in the kingdom which is not victimized to a large extent every year by actions which never come into Court, simply because it is cheaper to pay up to the blackmailer than to fight a case in which victory would mean the loss of a large sum in coBts, because the plaintiff has no means. This, of course, is made possible by the existence of a number of firms of solicitors who are always ready to take up such actions on 'spec.' We ourselves could give a list of twenty such firms in London alone. They are a disgrace to their profession, no doubt, but not a greater disgrace than the law of libel is to the law of England. Is it too much to hope that before the present Government goes out of office it will do something to reform the abuses of the law of libel ? It is to lie expected that amongst the thousands of discredited lawyers in London, the business of blackmailing is largely practised, and the newspaper, being easily reached, is made the special prey of the scoundrelly thieves who are gentlemen by Act of Parliament. The law i6 the closest combined trades union existing there, as in Australia and the enfranchisement of the Press and the granting to it of that measure of protection to which, in the general interest, it should be entitled to lay claim, is opposed by the lawmakers mainly in the interests of the lawyers. As the law stands in this country (not only in W.A.), men who should be pilloried in the Press not for the misdeeds of their ancestors, but for their own continued iniquities, continue to hold high positions ot trust in the service of the State though the newspapers hold evidence sufficient to prove their unfitness for any responsible office. With the private life of a private citizen the Press has no right and less desire to interfere, but the conduct of a man, private and public, holding office from the State should be liable to the view of every citizen. He should not be able to defy deserved exposure by standing behind the barricade of a set of enactments half a century behind the times. The Eastern colonies have attempted unsuccessfully to amend their laws of libel. We have a new Parliament of men with clean records and unstained private and public lives. They are the men to take the difficulty in hand and reduce it. There are lawyers and journalists and men experienced in literature and literary work amongst them. They can, if they will, draft a measure giving liberty to the Press while fully protecting the public from license by unscrupulous paper-6tainers. Reference to our Sydney telegraphed news published in last week's issue will show how the operation of the law may annoy reputable papers, which, in the opinion of juries, have done, in the public interest, just what it was their duty to do. But they have to pay at least their own legal expenses. The plaintiff, being 'a man of straw,' does not contribute to the cost of a successful defence of what may be, and often is, nothing more than a speculative action, out of which the lawyer hoped to get, and, no doubt, in the event of victory, would have seen to it that he did get, nine-tenths or more of the sum awarded. 