CHAPTER VIII. THE VERDICT. Throughout that sombre day rain foil in a steady downpour; the sky showed no trace of sun; heavy, motionless clouds covered the mountain tops. All that was mortal of Sir Philip Tregazkes lay in the little room he had called his Btudy. Strangers came and went, doctors and policemen, the county Coroner and his clerk, the deceased's solicitors—all of them looking with pity on one whose promising life had been so suddenly cut short. Though he had no fear of death itself, Rigel had a deep-rooted horror of a lifeless body, and therefore steadily avoided the tragic sight of his cousin's cold and rigid figure. From the hour when tho news of the accident had boon brought to him Rigel had suffered terrible depression. With weary restlessness ho wandered about the gloomy galleries, tho jong corridors, the empty rooms of the Castle, in an aimless and absent-minded way, spoaking only when addressed, and answering as briefly as possible. "The one person who, without business, ventured to intrude upon his melancholy was , Major Claypole, who had hurried to the Castle on hearing the tragic news. Ho found Rigel had hidden in the deep embrasure of one of the library windows, looking with, vacant eyes on the desolate sodden earth and the sombre grey mists that stretched above the valleys, his mind absorbed. "My doar boy," tho Major said, his thin voice (juivering from excitoment and pain, " this is terrible—oh, this is terrible." Rigel shook hands with him in silence. Only last night, when I parted with him, he was in the bast of health, and this morning brings news of his death. If he hadn't walked home across that dangerous headland on such a frosty night. Poor lad, poor lad! He must have missed his footing. Eh?" " I suppose you were the last person who saw him alive?" Rigel said,. lookiug at tho Major's troubled eyes, round which tho wrinkles had deepened. " Probably. That will no doubt come out at tho inquest." "The inquost—yes, I suppose it will," Rigel remarked, turning his eyes once more towards the blurred and droary landscapo, with its torrents of rain, that suggested inter minable toars. "The news must have come as a great shock to Miss Claypole?" said Rigel, looking atten tively at the Major._ "Terrible, terrible," the little man answered, dejectedly. "You cannot imagine what it cost me to break the news; it quite upset me." "You broke it gently, of course," remarked Rigel, his eves still closely observing the Major, his oars alert to catch every intonation of tho speaker's voice. "As gently aB possible; but she scorned to anticipate bad news." "She did?" Rigel gasped. "Perhaps she read it in my face. At all events when I entered her bedroom early this morning she implorod me to tell her the worst "at once. She seemed to havo a prcsentimant that some mis'ortuno had happened to Philip. No wonder. She was very fond of liim." "Did she anticipate news of his death?" Rigel asked, striving to Hteady his voice that was surging with suppressed excitement. "No, no; only that some trouble, some acci dent had happened; then, poor child, she became delirious. No wonder; in _ a few months more she would havo been his wife. He was desperately fond of lior. and she of him. Eh?" " Is she delirious still—I mean, is she better?" Rigel asked, with some anxiety. "I sent for tho doctor, though she begged me not before she became quite delirious, and he gave her a sleeping draught," "So that sho is now unconscious?" "She was sleeping when I left." "That's a mercy," Rigel muttered. "Yes; for tho doctor says somohours of sound sleep may ward off tho brain fever that threatens her, eh?" " Let us hope she will escape that." "I always hope for tho best, and strive to keep cheerful," replied the Major pathetically. "If only Philip had lived a few months longer. But I have never been a lucky man, never. If you ouly knew, dear boy, I have had troubles, bitter troubles, though I show a brave heart." And ho wiped away a few tears that had dimmed his bright blue eyes. "As for myself," remarked Rigel, gently, "I had no idea I should miss Philip so much." "Wo never know how much we caro for people uutil they havo left us. And I can hardly realize that ho is not with us still. I fancy I ought to hear tho sound of his foot steps coming from the study, the ring of his cheery voice welcoming mo. And it seems bitter to think liow readily he might have escaped this accident. Had hegonehome by : the other way, he would now belmng. Heof ; all men ought to hare known how dangerous the, ..Devil's Head is on a 'dark and; frosty night;' Poor Philip J" ; ; ; ' ; v When I first saw the place, j was struck : by its sombre appearance ;_th6iigh I little ; thbught'at the time hbw soonit would be con nected with a tragedy," said Rigel. ' "Notthe first ofits kind thathas happened f there either," Major Claypble stated. Three rears ago a young shepherd miksed 'his footing iiteat night, and was found with his tiock r<f Oroken at the foot of the precipice next morn ing." "I hadn't heard-that." /T . * . "You must have the pathway fenced,'" the Major suggested. - ' " I shall stop all traffic acroBs the headland in future," answered Rigel. j "And now,-dear boy, I must get back to ! Oriana." "I shall be anxious to hear how she is. I trust there will be ho fever; ho cause for anxiety." ■; J "I will tell her of your kind enquiries, they will'cheer her, and 1 shall Come and seb you soon" again. Perhaps I can_ be of some help to you during this trying time," said the Major as he moved away with a pathetic ab sence of his usual brisk air. Two days later an inquest held to en quire into the circumstances, of Sir Philip's death. Evidence of identification; being taken, Mark Frnsor, an undergardencr, was the first witness examined. Wliil.-t on "niB way to the Castle grounds, and about 7 in the morning, he haddiscovered Sir Philip's body at tho foot of the Devil's Head. The deceased was quite eold. Witness had run to the Castle, the nearest residence, where he gave the alarm, and obtained assistance in removing the body. Doctor Finskung, who had been sent for, then described the body being in a perfectly healthy condition. Death hod rosulted from a wound two inches deep on the left temple coming in contact with a sharp stone. In nis opinion life had been extinct several hours when the body was discovered. On being cross-examined tho doctor declared that such a wound as tho temple showed was sufficient to cause instant death. .Tho force with which tho body falliug from a height of several hundred feet would strike a sharp im peding Btone would satisfactorily aocount for so severe a wound. There were no signs or marks of strain or violence on the body except scratches on the fac9 and hands, which _ had been produoed. by briars. There was no indi cation of violence having been used, or that the doceasod had come to his death by any other mesns than by accident. Rigel gave next ovidonco as to tho last time when he had seen his cousin alive. They had mot in the corridor the evening of Sir Philip's death, and exchanged a few words before each went to his own room. They had not quar rollcd at any time, nor had a disagreement evor arisen between them. Rigel had dined alone that ovening, and about 10 o'clock had gone into his bedroom. Next morning he had been wakened from sloop to hear of his cousin's death. The clear and willing manner in which ho gave his evidence, his deep feeling and grave comportment, favourably impressed the Coroner and Jury. Major Claypole was next called and stated that the deceased had dined at Cootmoro Cot tage on tho evening of his death. They were alone on this occasion, as Miss Claypolo was ill. Sir Philip had seomod in his usual health; he bad shown no depression, but on tho con trary had spoken choerfully of futuro plans. Ho had left tho Cottage about 11 o'clock. Witness bad not again seen Sir Pliilip_alive. When he dined at Coctraore Cottage it had been liis custom on fine nights to walk home, tho way ho usually took boing across tho Devil's Iload, as that was tho most direct and shortest. Witness considered that on frosty nights tho path across tho headland was decidedly dangerous. He did not know if this opinion was shared by the doeeascd. ■ Witness had made a remark to Sir Philip about the darkness of the night, hot tho latter had replied that ho know every inch of tho ground and that tho moon would rise before 12. In reply to a Juryman tho Major said his daughter had been engaged to marry Sir Philip. The engagement had not been broken olf; on the contrary, the dato of her marriage would have been fixed tlio evening the baronet dined with him had she been well enough to see her fiano1. No misunderstanding or cstrangomcnt had over arisen betwoou witness and the deceased. Glyndwyr had last seen his master aliveasho stepped into his brougham that drove him to the Cootmoro Cottage. Sir Philip had keen a j considerate master and novor wished his ser vants to wait up for him. Ou returning late, it bad been his custom to cuter the portal in the western tower, of which he had "a latch key. Witness had gone to bed about II, and on his way had heard Mr. Rigel playing the 'fiddle in his room. It was witness who had woke Mr. Rigel noxt morning to tell him of tho tragedy. In answer to tho foreman Glyndwyr said ho had never hoard angry or unpleasant words pass between Sir Philip and his cousin ; to his knowledge they had never quarrellod, but had always appeared good friends. Sergeant Howls, a sharp-nosed, shr<5wd looking man, stated that the body had boon removed to the Castle when ho had seen it, a course that should not have been taken until the police had inspected the spot where it was found. Ho and his follow-officer3 had imme diately examined the place whore tho deceased had inot his death. 1 ho brushwood growing on the side of tho precipice showed the track taken by the body in its descant. At tho bottom of tho precipice Ho had found a sharp stone covered with blood, which he producod. whose point, tlio doctor subsequently aflirmed. cor responded to the indenture on the left temple of the deceased. Sergeant Howls furthermore stated that tho summit of theprcoipio9 showed no signs of where the deceased had slipped. As rain had begun to fall before the examina tion took place, and the frosty ground had thawed, it was- impossible to find traces of a struggle, if such had taken place. In his opinion Sir Philip had slipped oil a smooth stone that lay embedded in the ground near tho edge of tlio procipico, and. rose an inch above tho earth, and in that way lost his foot ing. Tho last witness called was George Foul sham, a gamekeeper, a brown-faced, slightly built young man with a look of strength in his dark eyes. For generations his peoplo had boon farmers on the Tregazkes estate, until evil times falling on them tliey were no longer able to rent their land, when this, the last of their line, in preference to seeking his fortune abroad, had takonsorvioeasagamekeepor, that he might remain with his parents, whoso sup port he became. George Foulsliam stated that on tho mglit Sir Philip mdk his death he (witness) was in the pavk. Whilst lie was sheltered by some trees about six hundred yards from the Devil's Head, which then lay between him and the Oastlc, he had heard a sharp and sudden cry that at first he had thought was a woman's voice. He waited to hoar if it would be repeated, but no second cry was given. Ho . then concluded the sound had come from eomc frightened bird. He knew that birds built on the side of tho precipice. Asked what ho now believed, he hesitated, then answered that tho cry was so brief and sudden he could not Bay, but he supposed it was a bird dis turbed by Philip's fall. He had gene forwards towards the_ Devil's ; Head, but. heard nothing more during the r night. He had mentioned having .heard the sound to. another• gamekeeper before he i was j aware of;dir Philip's death.. Questions and ekamihatiohs failing to gain anything more .jfroin. h'im, it merely remained, for'the Corohhr to hum up. This he did. briefly and clearly,. pointingoutthe absence of all eyidgncfe , to prove that the deoeased had ooine by his death through the instrumentality of Another or others, or "by any. means save that of. acbi? dent; apd in ageeme'nt with this view The | Jury \yithout hesitation returned a verdict of accidental death. " ! And ho it happened that within a week 1 from the day oh whioh Sir Philip Tregozkes had hoped to. have the date of his marriage fixed, his mortal remains wore laid with the ashes of his ancestors in the vaults of Cymmer Abbey. . ..' Late in the might of the day on which this event took place Rigel sat alone in the library. He had oocupied the same chair sinoe dinner ' time, neither attempting to read nor to write, indeed scarcely stirring, his mind occupied by ; one domih&iit; thought that shut out all others. The chilliness of the poom in which the fire Lad long died out at last roused him, when he rose and walked backwards and forwards, striving to rid himself of the idea that gripped him. By degrees the library beoame a prison from which he sought to escape, forgetting that it was his own thoughts from which he strove to break away. In the hope of temporarily ridding himself of hiB burden ho left the room, and following a long, narrow passage came to a little hall. Here he put on his coat and cap, and passing through the portal of the western tower came upon a broad plateau that flanked this Bide of tne shrubbery, covering a steep descent to the valley. The night was cold; a pale, hazy sky, lighted by a late moon, hung over an opal-tinted world—a world of profound silence and of perfect peace. Now audthen a breeze stirred the dead leaves lying thiok around his feet. Iu the near distance were the terraces whose white statues peered like ghosts through the gloom; below stretched the trees, withered aud black and stirred by every breath, like guilty souls that trembled with strange fears. Lighting a cigar ho moved slowly through this solitary melancholy scene, always haunted by his thoughts. A movement to the right brought him iu front of two poplar - trees, straight and blaok, streaking the surface of the low- lying moon. Instantly tlioy recalled a certain memorable night, when lie had waited in a garden near Florence, whoso blaok cypress-trees had barred the yellow moon. There was warmth then in the air, and joy in bis veins; a languorous delicious odour of orange and lemon grovos and sweet-scented herbs secreting themselves in_ the underwood had stolen on and exalted his senses. Why not leave this place, with its oppressive asso ciations, and return to the South, where lifo might bo enjoyed to the full? ho asked him self. Ho lookod up at the Castle, with its dark ened windows, its massive towers, its vast size exaggerated in the gloom, its shadow stretching around and beyond him. The place held him in its darkness. As ho looked the clock struck midnight, and a shudder passed through liiin, for the bell of the clock was the same that had toiled the passing knell for his undo and his cousin, and its slow tones seemed funereal. He moved hurriedly away, when a sound as of a following footstep foil upon his ear. He turned, but saw nothing savo a withered leaf blown by the wind, then walked on once more, only to hoar the same sound repeated. Again lie paused and lis tened, breathlessly, somo sense of terror creep ing over and cowering liim. As ho did, the steps sounded more distinctly; the branches of the shrubbery in front wero parted, and a man's figuro appeared, hesitated, and then advanced to where Sir Rigel stood in breath less surprise. Before he camo quite close liigel recognised George Foulsham, the gamekeeper, who had given evidence at the inquest, lligol stared at him in silence. Foulsham touched his fur cap, and looking fixedly at his master's face, that in tho moon light seemed white and immovablo as marble, said— "Beg pardon, Sir Rigel." " Ah, Foulsham, you are looking after the poachers. Have the rascals been troublesome of late?" Rigel said, striving to conceal tho dismay ho felt at the undesired appcarauco of this witness at the inquest. " It's not that, Sir Rigel," the gamekeeper replied a little awkwardly, as he fixed his eyes upon his master's face. '"No?" " I have been waiting for a chance of speak ing to you for some days; and when in tho shrubbery I heard somo ono moving about I thought it was likely to bo you, so I came up. Hope you'll excuse me, Sir Rigdl." Tho bewilderment and susponse Rigel had felt at first sight of the man deepened at his words. "You want to speak to mo?" he remarked, by way of saying something, whilst he strove to control himself. "If you please, Sir Rigel," replied Foul sham, in a grave voice. " What is it?" Rigel jorked out a3 ho camo closer to him. The gamekeeper hesitated in lus answer, whilst his omharra3snient increased. "Tell me—tell me,"said Rigel.. eagerly. Foulsham looked over his shoulder towards tho shrubberies and around him where the black shadows of the Castle walls fell upon tho terraces before replying. "If you please, Sir Rigel, I would rather talk to you where there's no chance of what 1 say being overheard." As his hearer realized tho significance of Foulsham's words a strained expression passed over his face; thon, with oyes dilated by ex pectation, ho looked eoarchingly into those that wore fixed with a steady staro upon his own. A secret lay in them. Rigel drew a long breath. " Como with me," lie said in a weary voice, as he led the way towards tho portal of the western tower. 