PUZZLING - GHOST STORY. The Standard publishes the following story of alleged supernatural manifestations in a French town frdm its Paris correspon dent:-" Yzeures, a picturesque little town in the Indre et Loire, -iut'far- from Roche Posay and Fontgombault, was, until recently, a place of which the existence was unknown even to most Frenchmen. It had no history, but it has now begun to obtain that perhaps inevitable notoriety attached to the possese sion of a haunted house. It is not, however, quite correct to call the dwelling in which the ' manifestations' occur a ' haunted house,' for it is less the building than the family inhabiting it that is haunted. Twenty years ago M. and Madame Sabourault, then a newly-married couple, who took up their residence at Poitiers, first witnessed the extraordinary phenomena which still occur at their house. At Bournean and Loudun, where they lived suc cessively before coming to Yzeures, they were the victims of the same persecutions, the phenomena sometimes ceasing for a while, only to recommence with renewed intensity. In this cse a girl of about twelve years of age, Mlle. 6ande babourault, seems to be the involuntairy medium. In any case, it i4 she who is at the present time particu larly persecuted. For instance, when by chance she goes on a visit to friends or re lations, the phenomena follow her to thbe place where she may temporarily reside. The manifestations whiich have accompanied M and Madame Sabonrault ever since their wedding-day have been very various. the displacement of objects has seldom occurred, but fantastically shaped phantoms have been seen more frequently, especially in recent years, by Mile Rende, and noises of all sorts have been, andl still are, constantly heard. At Yzeures a large number of the inhabitants have heard the sounds, which they regard as supernatural, but such stories would scarcely merit any attention whatever if they had not been supported by more trustworthy testi mony. M. Reymond Duplautier, a barrister at Poitiers, having learned that one of his friends, M. Urbain, and several other persons living at Yzeures, had heard the unaccountable sounds, resolved to go with a few strong-nerved friends to expose the fraud. They went to Yzeures four times once in December, twice in January, and once in February. On each occasion M. Duplantier and his friends spent a night in the haunted house with the iabourault family. They commenced by inspecting every nook and corner, and then spent the night in the bedrooms inhabited by the members of the Sabourault family, who were thus kept under strict observation the whole time. Generally lights were burning the whole night, but when that was not done, the lamp was lighted on the first sound being heard. The phe nomena, therefore, took place in full light. in a long, detailed account of his four visits to Yzeures, M. Ii. Duplautier declares that on the tirst occasion he and his friends heard six loud knocks on the stairs. The second night they slpent under M. Sabour ault's roof was a little more interesting. After half past 1 o'clock in the morning a great deal of knocking occurred on the stairs, on the walls, and all around, some of the blows seeming to be struck in the air several metres above the roof of the house. Then came scratehing at a partition wall, followed by the noise of the walking of a man in a garret above, and the pattering of a four-foo'ed animal. Immediately those unaccountable sounds were beard, M. Duplautier and his friends examined anew the rooms from which they seemed to issue, but could discover nothine which could have produced them. As soon as the door was opened the. noise ceased. but began again immediately it was closed after the inspection of the room.. During the third night the manifestations were very similar to those observed on the second. But on M. Duplautier's fourth visit they were for the Poitiers barrister and his friends yet more extraordinary. Some in visible hand, which from the sound might be nothing but bone, commenced knocking at a partition wall as early as 10 o'clock in the evening. The questions put by M. Du plautier were invariably answered by three clear knocks and energetic scratching at the wall. After that five 'hours elapsed without anything extraordinary occurring, but at 3 o'clock in the morning the wooden stairs were heard to crack and groan under the weight of a colossal, though invisible being. Describing what 'ccnrred, M. Du plautier says:-'We heard on each step of the stairs -the noise of Immense feet shuffle hea'ily wown one after the other. till the last step was reached. During all the time the stairs, though they are new an&d; strong, groaned and cracked. Then it was the turn of the partition wall separating the passage from the rooms leading out of it, which was shaken by sudden and energetic blows. With a light we looked about everywhere. We searched the garret, the staircase, and the passage, which were absolutely empty. During the rest of the night distant knock ing was heard. The blows seemed to be struck above the house.' I. Duplantier con cludes his communication with the remark that, though what he and his friends ob served at Yaeuren is insignificant compared with what the Sabourault family witness constantly, it issuficient to merit attention, as he regards it as impossible to be explained by natural causes or fraud." A quiet wedding took place at St John's Parish Church, Fremantle, on Friday, 9th inst., at 4 p.m., when Mr A. H. Bartlett, of Kalgoorlie. was married to Miss Isabel Browne, formerly of the Government aos pital, Kalgoorlie, the service being performed by the Venerable Archdeacon Watkins 