THOMAS JARVIS INTER. VIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our repre seontative made his way to the humble home of aIr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. He wras discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. Ho was up t and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bear ing still the marks of a critical illneos, and a period of pain, it was very clear that hbe was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : "You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." ' How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing sines then. About fire years ago next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident Ihave been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Globe Island." " What were the symptoms P" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my ,bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and reeryone elseo. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last Isawa well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order ?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataeia, or Progressive loco motor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar distur bances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movements, He told me that I might last for ten or fifteen years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to.show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drown ing man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise. ment describing the care effected in the case of another boiler maker in England, which I read in the Australian Weork man, by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertise ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I im mediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see these crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do withoub it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " He is 100 per cent. better," said Mirs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills bave saved his life and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my logs. If I keep on I going the way I am, I hope to he able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that I trade. I am better to-day than I havre been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my lifo. I am in no pain now, J whatever, and feel lilke a new man. On i the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctorgavo I me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who < knows me has been amacod at the e change in me. They can hardly believe I their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and t it confirms what is said in all the chief t newspapoers of this country of the f astonishing cures wrought by Dr Wil- r liame' Pink Pills for Pale People. They core locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many dis- f orders which arise from an impoverished a elate of the blood, such as anemia, pale p and sallow complexioo, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, eto.-Ar,. 