LONDON TABLE TALK [From our Special Correspondent.] London, September 3, 1897. A correspondent of the Daily News has fur-<*> nished a mild sensation by sending an account of the discovery of the remains of Captain Henry Arkwright, of the 84th Regiment, who together with one of his guides and both his porters perished by the fail of an avalanche on the Grand Plateau whilst attempting the ascent of Herat Blanc on October 1% IS6& The corpse of the gallant captain—or rather, the major part of it—was tabes from ita icy ; tomb a fortnight ago. It appears that Alfred Payot and bis son, both well-known guides, were on a Saturday afternoon planting a flag in the lower pan of the Glacier dcs Bossons, some 9,000 it. below the scene of the . accident. They noticed something - partly < buried in the ice, and a closer investigation i disclosed hamaa remains. As the weather I was very threatening and the corpse partly | uncovered the Payots decided to carry it down [to a crevasse close to the pavilion on the left . moraine for shelter without waiting for the aaual formal visit of the gendarmes to the scene of their ghastly discovery. All except the i head and feet were brought to light, "but, says i the correspondent, "details are too painful to I relate." He tells us. however, that " the right I hand, which had once so firmly grasped the ! iron-plated pine pole that even after 31 years they were found close together, was marvel lously liietike; the ice bad even preserved in it the red tint of the blood." The question of identity was soon settled, for in the pocket of the grey watsteoat was found a white pockethandlcerchief with a plain blue border, strong and sound as when new, and in one corner were the words, "H. Arkwright, 84th Regiment 12," as plain 'as though the marking ink had been applied the day before. In the collar of what had been a white linen shirt was a small gold stud with a brilliant, and in the front was a larger one set with diamonds in blue enamel. In the packet of the trousers were the remains of what might have been a cigarette case, and ?on the previous day a gold watch chain bad been picked up in the vicinity; but tne watch could not be found. The hazardous Ancien Passage, where Captain Arkwright met his death, is notlused nowadays, but as a matter of fact if good guides are employed the only risk to mountaineers is that of bad weather. Captain Arkwrigbtta second and guide on the fatal day, SUvain Contel, alone escaped to tell the story of the "awful avalanche" which overwhelmed his com panions. He still lives—if a very old para lytic can be deemed to live—at Cbamounix. | Humanity seems just at present to be suffer- I ing from a severe attack of polar mania. No less than four expeditions in quest of the North ; Pole are on the tapis at this moment, bnt only ? one is likely to com& to anything; namely, the : project brought forward by Mr. Walter Well man, an American journalist, who made some sore of a name for himself as the leader of the Yankee expedition in the polar ice to the north of Spitsbergen some thzee years, ?ga Undismayed by Nansen's failure, which, i however, was a grand commercial suo ; cess for the doctor, and the comparative failure of the magnificently equipped Jackson- Harmsworth expedition, Mr. VVellman is ? arranging the details of a further attempt to i reach the topmost spot of our little sphere. I His plan ia to sail from Bergen, Norway, in | June next in a steamer constructed on the lines of the Fram with nine other venturesome soak* American and Norwegian. At Cape Flora, in lat. SO 0, where Mr. Jackson made bis head quarters, Mr. Wallman intends to nstab | hah a supply station. This will be left in charge of a couple of men, and the I remainder of the party will push on with sledges, dogs, and small boats as far north as possible before the winter sets in- The ; bead of the expedition hopes to be able to winter in the neighborhood of Cape Fngely, the farthest point touched by Payer five and twenty years ago. Early in 1899, spring being the beat time for travel in the Arctic regions, five or six of them will continue the journey northward, accompanied by GO dogs and provisioned for over 100 days. From Cape Fligely to the Pole is ? distance of aboot; 530 miles, and as Mr. Wellman anticipates being able to accomplish 10 miles a day he is hopeful of reaching the pole and making the return to CapsFKjrely before the summer sunshine causes the ice to break up and renders travelling both extremely perilous and slow. Well man, it seems, baa the advantage of having consulted with Nanaen. and tbe latter apparently thinks the American's chances of reaching the. goal of Arctic explora tion are fairly rosy. Mr. Wellman's expedi tion^ will certainly be much better equipped tbaa was Nausea's, and hia party will bare fixed stations to fall back on, which the Nor , weeian bad not. i The spread of education is making itself ' felt even in the haunts of Bill Sykes. Tbe burglar of our childhood's fancy was a ruffian of the roughest exterior, who came upon us in tbe middle of night armed with a dark lantern and from one to half a dozen, murderous-look ing pistols, which he would not hesitate to use upon stubborn householders. But the days of Bill Sykes are over apparently, and the i era of William Syke-i, Esq., baa arrived, when instead of pisools and life preservers tbe burglar will arm himself with politeness and kindly consideration for those irhosa domiciles ha ? forced by circumstances to enter without invi tation. At least a little affair conducted by a syndicate of three a few days ago in the peace ful little village of Caterham points to this conclusion. The syndicate chose for their operations a house called "The Mardens," occupied by a venerable lady of 80 and her brother, who also boasts an existence of several years beyond the allotted span of the Psalmist. About 4 a.m. was the time fixed for the predatory visit. Leaving a pony and cart in a shady lane near by tbe house the three gentlemen of tbe jemmy effected an entrance into the billiard-room on the ground i floor. They were evidently unacquainted with 1 tne premises, and bad to apply the centre-bit a second time, which they need not have done had they known the ropes. The three men then entered the lady's bedroom. The chief, wearing a crape mask, said, "Do not be alarmed, lady ; we don't mean to hnrt yon, but where are your keys!" Miss Creighton did not show the leas: alarm, but replied sharply, " If you used your eyes you would see them in front of you on the table." It was light by this time. .On tbe same table lay a watch and chain. It was promptly annexed by tbe cbief. when bis hostess exclaimed. " You mustn't take that watch. It belonged to my poor dead brother, and I prize it very highly." To her astonishment the appeal was complied with, the chief naively asking, "Did the chain belong to him, too?' On being assured to the contrary be detached the chain from the watch and left tbe latter on tbe table. A quid pro quo was, however, neces sary, and Miss Creighton had to disclose the whereabouts of her valuables. These happened to be in some drawers in tho room. They were promptly ran sacked, and the contents transferred to the pockets of the burglars Then they made their way to Mr. Creighton's room. He, poor old gentleman, was sound asleep, and on being awakened explained to the chief's demand for information that he was "rather hard of hearing.'* This seemed to- tickle the leader, and he mentioned in a louder tone that he need not be alarmed- Meantime hia aged sister happened to see that the gang in their search of the drawees had over looked a very valuable watch belong ing to her brother, which was lying beneath some paper. She bravely popped out of bed, seized the watch and placed it under hor pillow. Immediately after one of the men returned to her room for a final look round and espied the watch the claim upon which the leader had promised to waive. He was about to take it up, when Miv Creighton re minded him of. his chiefs promise. This was quite enough. The trio, after politely wishing both occupants "good mcrning," then left the house, first taking the precaution to lock both bedrooms. Miss Creighton managed to attract the atten tion of a gardener, who was early antic, the servants not having been disturbed, and he vent for tho police. A little after 5 three men in a pony-cart, preceded by a man on a bicycle, ?ere seen going through the village en route for London. They bad tho hardihood to water their horse at the public trough in the main thoroughfare, but they have not been seen since. | It ia a thousand pities that a respectable committee of persons interested in super natural research and warranted proof against the ordinary spirits of commerce could not come across a really nice ghost and bottle it up for exhibition. TJnlortnnately, whenever a well-constituted and clear-minded body of eager psychologists arrives on a spot reputed to be haunted the ghost quietly vamocaas the ranch till the searchers leave, and so as years go on alleged visitations from spirits are getting more and more generally attributed, by all except those to whom they occur, to disordered digestion or to a too lurid imagination stimulated by frequent nips of alcohol. Still from time to time a story of ghostly visitation is told and stoutly stuck to by the narrator. The latest has been causing a little storm in a teacup amonc the folk of Halton Hoiegate, a small village near SpSsby, in Lincolnshire- The house where it is alleged unnatural goings oa take place ia occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Wilson and a man servant, and is situated ? little way back from the road. Mrs Wilson's story, as told to a Daily Jtfail reporter, runs tbna:—"We camel here on Lady Day last. The first nig^ht or so we heard very strange noises about midnight, as though someone was knocking at tbe door and vralls. Once it seemed as though some one was moving all the things about in ? hurry cownstairs. Another time the ncjse was like a heavy picture falling from tbe wall, bat in tbe morning I found everything as right as it -a? the night before. The servant man left spying he dated not Stop, and we had to get ?author. Then about sne weeks ago Imr , soroethmff. Before BSttin?; into'bed —my husband having retired before me—l went downstairs to see the cow. and just aa I was about to go up again Issw an old man standing' at the top looking at me. He was stand in); as though be were very roan^shouJdered. How I got past I can't say, but I darted past him into the bedroom and ?t.mm?rf tbe door. .Afterwards I felt that some one ens behind ,ima I turned round sharply, and there again stood the same old man. lie quickly vanished, but lam quite certain I saw him. I have also seen him several times since, though not quite so distinctly." Mrs. Wilson then con ducted ber interviewer to the sitting-room, /Where a gruesome discovery bad been made. ' The Boor in one <x>rner had been very uneven, and a day or two ago Mis. Wilson took up tbe bricks witb the intention of retayinfrtbem. No sooner had she done this than a most dis agreeable odor was emitted. Her suspicions being aroused she called her husband, and tbe two commenced a minutn examination. Three or four bones were soon turned over, together with a gold rinse and several pieces of old black silk. All these bad evidently been buried ,in quicklime. Asked what ber own 1 opinion of the affair was, Mrs. Wilson confidently asserted ber belief that at some time or other fool play had token place. She \ was fully persuaded in ber own mind with re- : , gard to tbe apparition, and thntyrh it wa? sug-: i (tested she might bare been mistaken shedts-! 1 darned tbe idea as bong beneath notice. Dr. Gay, a local medical man, to whom the bones ? have been submitted, states that they are un- I doubtedly human, but ha belnves thorn to be nearly 100 years aid. . | We are still wainhsfr tor an elucidation of j tbe mystvry sunounduMr the Emperor of Got- i many's black eye. Kaiser WabeJm. it will be remembered, sustained an injury to bia eye on board bia yaoht tbe HohenauUern some three weeks ago. It was said to have been caused by tbe fall of a rope from a Blast. Maoypar>-| graphs went tbe. round of the ones as to the' accident, giving circumstantial dssiiln as to how it happened, and on tbe day after a further panurrsph eavs tbe details of a fatal j accident wbicb had befallen lieutenant yon Hahnke. one of the officers on board the , I Tucht, which was thon lyinar off Odds, in Norway. The ynuna- lieutenant so tbe tefe j graph toM ns, landed from tbe yacht to go 1 cycling on the ntorninr of tbe day folknrinir I that upon which tbe German Emperor bad re iceived bis black eye, and "on an abrupt declivity leadintr down to the Sandvon Lake lost control of his maebnut and went straight intoth?w<a,?wbei?henftdrowned. Id to-day's TruthV r. Labonchere ?ays:—" My paragraph a fortnight **" respactiug tbe black eye tbe German Emperor unfortunately received during bm yachting' cruise, and tbe death next day of Lieutenant yon Hahnke, seems to have excited a good deal of interest, but so far I have bad no satisfactory response tefmy . request for information. One correspondent of mine baa been in communication with the editor of a well known .Gnrmsa newspaper. This gentleman, whose name I am ob viously unable to divulge, doss not* deny nor does be admit tbe truth of certain statements which were, put before him, but is bis letter be pointedly calls attention to tbe sewrihr of tbe German pre>s laws, and adds that be "can not supply any information likely to cost him six months or more."* What is tba mystery underlying tbe Emperor's black eye, and n the injury to the Imperial optic in any way con nected witb the death of younfr TJeutanant Yon HahnkeT Why should the details of the affair, if published, be likely to cost an editor "sir months or more?' There baa been another addition totbeGst of panonawboare entitled to be called "Honor-> able." Not bos' ago Ministers. ex- Ministers, and Lea-islative-Connai?ors who were legally: ? authorised to carry that handle to tbeir names in anf of the colonies were permitted to aasnibe !it while in any portion oE tbe Empuv^mctud in* Great Britain. Within tbe lass few days the Queen as t'-e fountain of honor haa been . pleased to announce that tim children of life peera, whether 1 vinsr oe dead, should be atvledt "honorable," and should rank innnsdmtety after tbe Touncer sous and dsngtitei? of barons, and before baronets. It is stiau^e that so muoh importance should bo attaulied to a title which to this country at any rate is I never used. No son of a pear is ever iatro ! duced. exoep- at a krvee, sava aa plain Mr. Blank, nor does he ever raenribs hUooortesy >l title on Jus risitinr cards. The distraction of ! honorable is sometbinir like the) romaa with which th? VJcar of Wakafield pneented each >of bis dautrbteTs. It is rirea on coodith.n that it should never boused. 1 A Parliamentary psfcr on the importation of wine? shows a cousuforable deeliuo in tba 1 consumption of those "which contain a large ; percentage of alcohol. To WK tbe grand total from Spain ?n 4.046.931 rations ; in 1890 it nad fallen to 3,7131 Xtt. Porto?ue? wine 1 bas been about stationarr. an^Jhe^propar-, . tinoatn reduction m Madeira was rrm neater I than in the enaa of Spanish, for it feu from 1 H899 gallons to 60.7131 But the cowramp ' ti'on of lisrht wines has laranlv tnenaaed. 1 France snipped to this emintry 4,439,413 eaUoon in IRM as aarannt <I,23tKK in I"*9S; Germany also advanced, and there was a slight incr—? from Italy. Tbe imports > from Anstralaaia ar? tftv siirarficam for they 1 have grown from 608.637 galloon to 896,904, ' which ?, however, only about 6 par Mot of th? total consurapsionot wiaer iff thr United The Leoislatars of MsajachusMU hat taken an important step towards preserving certain rare and beautiful birds from extraction. A . recent law manes it sa offence punishable by fine or imprisonment "to wear for purposes of dress or ornament, or to Ball or have in pecv^sion the bodies or feathers of birds used for adornment oi articles of attire.'*' As may wbII be imagined this regulation bas caused dire consternation in miffinery circles, to say nothing of ladies of fashion. The law seems to insist on the removal of the feathers and wings houjrbt before June 11, on which date tb? new Act came into force. There is nothing new under the sun. Adver tising, or at any rasa bill posting, has been regarded as a modern invention, but tbe latest discovery at Herculaneum shows that the Romans were pastmaators in tbe art of pnblicity. A column has recently been found in tbe streets of that buried city very closely resembling tbe structures to be seen on the boulevards of Paris, wbicb serve aa the baaia for all sorts oi picture posters and other announcements. Upon the surface of the column layers of advertiasments, stuck one an top of another, have been preserved for nearly 2,oooyears underalayer of lava and accrue. Tbe sheets, which are of papyrus, have been separated by judiuioua treatment, aad enough of tbe inscriptions have been deciphered to show, that they relate to theatrical perfocmances, j public meetings, and electoral addresses. Tbe substance employed instead of " bill-stickers', paste" was pure gum arable jln connection witb tbe visit of tbe Duke and Docbeas of York and the impetus, given to trade by their reception an important state ment showing tbe material piuyrees now being made in Ireland has been made by Mr. Horace Plunkett, M.P.. one of tbe persons wbo started, the Agricultural Organisation in Dublin. Mr. j Plunkett said that Irish farawrs were taking: . kindly to co-operation and beginning to; see that their salvation lies in their own; efforts. The society considered that it had a perfect right to ask for tbe aariatence of tba . State, because "the whole of our bub ! industries were destroyed by English lefnala tion except one, and that one has been re-; ' dnced until it mainly consists in tfrti crowing ' of one crop, and that crop the moat precarious and nnoertain of all others. Therefore we '. contend that we have a perfect right to go to . the State, which haa destroyed our industries, to aak for its help to build them up seam." : The co-operative dairies were doing splendid work, and tbe iotrodoction at machinery into; dairies, and tbe consequent substitution of factory manufacture tor borne bratter making. has done much to restore ; Irish butter to its old place. There are at tbe present time in Ireland 83 co- '. operative dairying societies and 10 auxiliary societies. The cost of tbair building and plant may be estimated at £50,000, thair output in i 1896 was about £300000, and their total mem-1 : beiship was 8,750. There was an improvement. in the qnality o: the bntter produced, but there . was something still to be desired in this direc-; ! tioo, and h? the style of picking butter for: j market The society was not confining its : operations to dairyisg; for it was maSling; : farmers to purchase everything they re-1 ? quire—such as seeds, manures, feeding stuffs, I implements, and machinery—on the best pos [sible terms. At the present moment there were 93 dairying and auxiliary societies with 8.750 members, 4C agricultural societies with I 3,865 membera, 3 banks with US members,! and 4 miscellaneous societies with 1,5371 members, and 2 federationa, making a total < of 148 separate bodies with 14,200 members. Tbe society would not be satisfied until (bay had an Irish Minister for Agriculture. There were now five different departments in Ireland which had to do with farmers—the Local Government .Board, the Irwb Board of Works, theConcnted Districts Board, the Land Commission, and the Veterinary Department of the Privy Council. The result 0} all this overlapping; is that when farmers were advised . to spray their potatoes four different placards were issued by various bodies on tbe same sub ject. Mr. Plunkett is opposed to Home Bule, but thinks Ireland must oe shown that thexais an alternative policy upon which sbe can fit* and thrive. Almost simultaneous witb the statement of Mr. Plunkets was tbe speech of the Duke of Devonshire to tbe Skiftan Agnenttnrsl Society. He urged that farmers should pay) more and more attention to breeding lusiiia. cattle, and sheep, and be argued that tba bur dens upon land were stiff ajwessine. He pointed out that the Duke of Bedford had shown that on a great estate xeomaaed by hit - ancestors from the sea at their own coat daring a period of between 60 and TO yean the- nay ments to Imperial and local taxation had Bsea . equtvafcnt to. nine-tenths of the net' reycjiee. which it had pradnoedt- to ita^owej??V r . Be. did not make trim attar Ins anitnaa that stock was far mora important to the British farmer than crops could possibly be. The nAoi President fame to St. Petszs bnrg-haa been in^jjpjjcaiafu^than the ant sangame- FnsMjliiasrr conn have TMiwint. ~ All doubt at to tto doe* and friendly re lations now austiug- between Fium and Buasia were pot an end to by the, torms employed by th? Csacat the tunon. gives in his honor on baud the Pbtbaw. lbs Enoch President had spoken in general terma about tbe intiniatefriendsaip between tin two countries, and had naed the wbrda "united and allied." Bat tbe Oxar went much further in. returning thanks for the nwimnr in wbaoh bia health had Bean drunk, and said in lomany words that the two natiuaa were "united and . allied." Tbe fnH significance of tint axpra*. ?ion ta not diminished by tut CkarV statement that the two nations were "equally resolved to contribute with all their power to the marataoaooe of tse peace of the world in a spirit of right an* equity." No person has op to the fSJMIt pretended that ho knows what the oxaot terms ol the treaty are, bat there seems no in?iut? doobt that during President SaareV stay. at - St. Fetenborg one of alliance, oflenaiT? and da fensive, wasaetaaUy signed, and aUJPraaoBUJ jubilant at the ??"r^'Mfiwitt, She is nor* ; longer isolated; she is in fact, *? we?a* iaY : name, one of the Great Powers of Europe, and I abe baa regained that infloenos intiMoaoomte of the wortf that she lost in lSTtt Tbetmpor tance of this alliance to France cannot he uw" maims tad. It is an open aeoret that three or font years after the collapse of Sraaas the; German military ntboritiea, seriously. afartaadV' I at the ease with whiob the war indemnity bad : been paid and the power of reouparatfcn 'displayed by the republic, contemplated '?.. renewed attack before her army reform*, had been carried out. The plot nuacarned owing ..; [to w? good offices of the Quean of Ofaa* ; Britain and the Emperor of Kuans. XranW 1 baa been ever grateful to the latter, althoarV *be soon forgot ber imVibtidneaa to that ooantry. and sbe regards the present tnety a* the legitimate outcome of tint magnanimity' displayed by the Czar's predecessor. ?- . "> Vie most; important quest&on; to oooatneft, outside Cranes and?uana is the effect whiebv the new treaty of affiance will have upon the foreign policy of the two eontraeimjc - nations. It is tolerably certain tba* the Czar has no intention, of ~immVinsV Franco to regain pmwrasian of Abaca and I<a> . rains, or of doing anything to incur the bos > tilityof Germany, wits whom itistbemterestotV : Itassia as well as tbs inclination of is autocrat ; to keep on good terms, Mo* is then any?? reason to suppose that other at the tws Powers has any designs against Auatlis Hungary. The private friendship whan ?*?*?' amongst monarohs may have .very liUler laTflF^t" upon tbe foreign 00617 of their peopfa, bat-oat ? the present oocamon then does not teem tob?. | any variance between the peraqoU feefinwott : tbe throe emperors and the mtmats at?fc? I three nations, Tbe ooantry which has not* neso? to dread tbepombleontenmeof dMaW-' : allianceia Great Britaia. OuriutmiaMConfljoV with.thoae of Bossntm India aadstGouasa^: noplft, Roaua is our avowed enemy boSKSt*' equatorial Africa and Egypt. At the nrejs?s moment it would appear as if .TB^t**'"?:,*.|Bttfe w only European natiO? wnuit 0 xvstfsj???X^ to befriend Greece. lordasnsbnrjriswgittoii?' mcac conauMCMsto tisk -ny order to fni*|MK|: Thwniij* from r^n^Tufrg in lbs- chuoteit oll^ Trakey ? bottba o*i^rPoweraftpp??iTtofe?jito*, (eotiy kaiSm*l*ul Bt^?f?^p alwmja oitt a giauJj aye1 jxpa& Qaa&Bifrf;'r VBb>7 ?WBtfcblo y'f'il*' ? tot- - ff??*??J"Yfc' :j wQO ?. ambition, and carrying out, ber^tra^iDnaJt, pobey. It is no donus.tc&a; thajt €natoa.doWt-j< not deseiie the tumble .w.ftii'li haa^befeKDi^jfcalNaK^ ?liAi?jSliM?wt?ifa*ll?Tl???a(?irfS?<j???ii^?ayk-J Chratian terriatn, and her ICnisJiy is tofljt exi?4enp> 10' eaedwt:tt? eatertiana ? wniofeageyJ " twtnv' 'TlbaMVf* fcl* ffrwMfiaa" Ihawea f ?jml- i'l|Lt|gi " fijtataTarffaJ^'^ ta^ajJ^Swa^ '.lbs haWHlsf Qg' tiltl'MOattlPMat pDIKaV'?F&>v4O; m preacainf a HoJf Waraaisstn?on thenorfl^.- WBS?sa>6onSsrV InitSFOnr ZonaKn QCfiW wi? haTB. enough to doin order to ooonteaict. the- intngTM?_whictt tt?y at any moment bit eDmmsnbed.. antasfonc power and mflfiwius.-;; It is perhaps fortunate that at tbe pretenMor* critical moaiea* FarAamen? is nosaitdttjb sat the hands of Xord SaHtbaq?atdM?iCotiMt i Tftpusj" whosft fprXndi^ar" Anxiety is to see thenr-^ names in print, md, ? pin > reyimfio^^ watchfnbuea. ?" ? ? ? '? ?'. ? ? ? x.£ j£ unsuoMsaW .attempt mad?.by J&sjj;^ afWanga, of Trganbi, to retrate agamsti British rule has resulted in his defeat and]., precipitate retreat into - German territory. Xtria sahte potentate'has given ansnormoo?'. amount of trooblo. It.was, he who oadersd tear ? murder of Bkhop Hsnninirton, aid be has always jmnatntta Christianityjand espeeialtv , Protestanusm in any farm. With theaid.of Dr. Peten he nearly mceenrtnrf in ousting tttV Britbh oot of Uganda, and be never took feindly to the agrewnenc br which tbe n?J*TT*ir and German spoores were finally settled. Bn* it must be admitted that bis position was diffi cult. He **"* to ?rpns*T^ against CatboEeaV T*uiw*ilsuts^a.mT Mflthmiiiiuirfiifini, and. when ba managed; to get some refief from bis trouble*, by ex pel?ng the. latter, so soon as the Oatbofica - and Prolostwna oommenoad to make war TgniiiTit escb' ***^**w* tbe exiles TetoDsed? l2'Wang? aided with ton Catbonoi, tat die Protestants gos thav upper band, and be bad to flee. Jfsst Iba Jdoham medana ptoriaimed their chief M*Bogi> Smg of Uganda, Ibis caoied tbe ialsrventko of Captain Lngarb\ wbo attacked, tin Catho lioaj obutineaT pneiesiiion. of the monarch, wad at once became a Protestant, and replan>A. him on the throne. Sinoe that epoch matters bare quieted down a little, ITWanga baa ? been pmi??ahlw, and it appealed as if Uganda . were about to enjoy the Mnaniri|ni of asttlad ? gfOvCRODBDC. ? J)Q? WO pVOgTMaI ****"** Hl' BjfllK, (be railway from Mnmhaeis to the lake caanor him to reafise that if he- was ever to nig* with bia former nnhrirtinrt power bcr musr fhskft off the suzerainty of England. SEfr mads bis effort, was defeated, and has now. joined the lone roll of exiled African princes. It ramams to bo seen what Germany will do with him. The admirers of Robert Bums, and their number a legion, will not bemachedifiedbjtha new edition of what is termed the "Clacmda. Correspondence," which contains tbe letter* ot tbe poet to Mrs. M"Ti**-^p*. a lady to whom he gave that fanciful cognomen. Ber maiden name was Agnes Craig ; (be was the daughter of a Glasgow surgeon, and first ooosio to JLdrd . Craig, a judge of tbe court of snrnym Bora . in 1709, tbe same year as Buna bimaeif, sha married at tbe age of 17 a Me Mn!?*????,_? Glasgow lawjer. Ibsy lived together far fone years, at tbe expiration of whioi a separation, was agreed upon. lbs husband went-to . Jamaica, and sbe remained behind witb, her friends at Edinburgh. She is npre stnted as being pretty, sprightly, aad (flerer, and wlwn she met the poet in the —*?—?> of 1767\. sbe fell in love with him. Bos JBobo% wasSokle. Pra*ious to that date, be bad had. certain love outages witb Jean Armour, and in April, 178b\ be married her. Ma. M-t-r?-^T wat lanoaa. She called tbe poet --a' ?31aja> and aocuaed him of perfidy and *n vftajj Ha defended bimaalf by saying that when b?fir*t made love to bar -be was not under tbe smallest moral tie. to Mrs. Bams." This does not improve matters very mneh, for if the poet were sincere n tbe passionate language hai addressed to darinda he would uarceiy bar* married another womanl four months after* wards. The groeral" oknitn is that then. was nothing immoral in tbe relations between Bums and Mrs. -UeLeboze, bat sbe was asr*r tatnly indjeereet, sinco ber '"?M was alive ' and she was not a free woman. It wise Bcaroely hemming in bar to encourage the attention*of asmtor wbo certainly was not, likely to be content to wait for the. death of Mr. Mctiebo??, wbo at that tune was only 9 years of age, even atthougn be was reading.ia ? the tropics. Apamaalof tb? correspondenos would almost make one bebeve that the "gat dark- eyed, lady-killing, young farmer poet* ; was not much more r—r** ""'?*? in his lo*et - affairs than some other men of gsnios. wbo fkmrisbed a short time afterwards. ' . 