A GREAT WRONG: OR, TIIE MYSTERY OF BLACK IIOJO- ^ W GRANGE. CHAPTER vr.—CON-TIXUEB. " He insulted me and I stabbed bim," she explained, as she turned toward the newcomer—"not seriously, however,as I struck hjgn in the shoulder. I think he has fainted 1" "No, I haven't," growled the wounded man, getting on his feet again ; *• but you've given me an ugly wound, and I'il bare your life for it." "Stand back, sir,** thundered the other man, bis tall head towering above tbem. "If the wound was in your craven heart, 'twould serve you Tight. How dare you insult a woman 2" Then turning toward Lenore, he removed bis Highland cap, and said : " I beg your pardon, madam. If there w any assistance I can render you, I am at your service."^ Something in the kingly forgi and massive brow, and in the deferential voice, inspired the girl with a feeling of confidence. If you please, sir, put me in the right way to Piedmont Station," (she said, quietly. " Certainly; this way, if yon please; Piedmoat lies to oar left;" he replied, bowing low before her, as he added, "Allow me to gaide yoa thither." He started on, and, without a word, Miss Trevethon walked by bis side, leaving her wonnded admirer standing in the moonlit path. His dark face grew fearfully threatening as be gated after her. "An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, A blow for a blow—that's my code," be muttered, his teeth set. ' I'd know you in Hades, with your glittering eyes and yellow hair,my termagent, anA I'il huut creation over, but I'll find you an i settle this score." Mi'iinwhile Miss Trevethon accompanied her guide, until the lights of Piedmont twinkled tbrough the gloom. He had not asked her a single question relative to her strange position. He nierdy gave her that courteous care which every true man owes to an unprotected woman, and the cirl's heart aoVnnwlmlced this chivalrous kindness with a thrill of admiring interest such as no othex man had ever awakened. "I see the train just coming," he remarked, as they reached the platform. "We are ju6t in time. Are you going far ?" '•Only to the next station, sir." " If you arc at all afraid, and would like me to do so, 1 will cheerfully accompany yoa to your journey's end." I.cnore smiled up at him, and put out ber slim, wb*:e band, its diamonds and emeralds flashing in the lipht. " I thank yon sincerely,sir, but there is no necessity. 1 shall be quite safe, now, and I will not trespass upon your kindness any further. You have done me a great service, and I am grateful." He took the poft hand and bowed his hand- Some head over it. " Oh, you are more than welcome J I only wish I could further oblige you." The train rame steaming up. "You arc •sure," he continued, "there is j nothing more I can d^for you ?" " Nothing, sir, thank yon, unless you will i tell me the name «f the man who does not ; hesitate to pay due deference to a lady, | even if her pjsition chances to be questionfthle." | | The towcrinjr head was bared again, and 1 j I i ; oow'ed before her. "My name is Ambrose Gerhart." " 1 sha':l not forget ir, r..t the service you uave done me," she replied, as he r.ssited her on board the train. The carriage door closed, the engine uttered a shriek, and flew on again; but standing in tbe moonlight, Ambrose saw the fair face anJ radiant eyes from.the window, and once more lifted bis cap. •' She is some princcss in disguise," he murmured. " A lady one can see at a glancc,and as lovely as one dreams the angcis are I There are no such women as she in my world i I wonder if I shall ever see her again ?" He sighed as tbe red light on the rear of the flying train hided in the distance, and the next moment broke into a laugh at bis own tolly. " What a fool I am," he muttered, "not to be content with what I've got I If one has 'the glow-worms, why should one pine for the stars? Ah, well, I won't stand here and 3ream ; my good mother's oat-cakes will all ipoil with waiting, and the lambs and kids are. to be folded yet." He drew his Highland cap over his clusteriliglocks and strode on at a rapid pace. At the extreme edge of the Black Hollow, oelow the manor, be saw a strange figure advancing toward him in the moonlight—the figure of an old man, bent and stooping.with aead and beard like snow. " Who comes now?" thought Ambrose. ' No such character as that inhabits these parts. Who can he be V " Hello I good father I'* be exclaimed aloud, • which way are you faring ?", The old figure paused, and turned on Ambrose a face that looked strikingly youthful in contrast with his snowy locks. " I, sir ? Where am I going? Why, back to Moreton House, to be sure 1 Did they <cnd yoa to hurry me ? I've overstayed my time, I confess." "No, sir, no one has sent for you I I merely asked which way you were going ; you look as if you might be a stranger hereabouts." Tbe old man stroked his rippling white ocard, and laughed a soft, musical laugh. "Do I? Ah, well, I suppose I am a stranger; this is an odd world, and it puzzles me. Yes, yes, I'm a stranger. I've been stopping at the old manor yonder." " What? The haunted manor?" "The haunted manor, sir, making the ghosts a visit. I'm not afraid of them." "And what may your name be, sir? if you'll allow me to ask.' " My name, young sir 7 Well, they call me King Lear at the Moreton House, and that'll do for you. I bad another name once, but no matter. When tbe time comes you shall hear it. Some folks call me a lunatic; do you think I look like one 2" " I think you look like a gentleman. I should take yon for one of the old lords that used to live op yonder." " Would you, now 1 Ha 1 ha! ha I What an observing young man you are. And yonr face. Heaven bless me, where have I seen you before f" " I think tbia ia our first meeting, King Lear." " Will you smile again, if you please, young man J" Ambrose showed all his white teeth. " Good heavens, what a likeness 1 I never saw such a likeness. The very smile, and a clear-cut, manly free. Young sir, will yon tell me yonr name T' " Ambrose Gelbart, sir." And you live in these parts !" *' In the cottage below there. Suppose you o down with me; the night is advanced, and f must hurry on, or my good mother's oatcakes will spoil with waiting." Nay, thanking you all the same, but I must hurry on. I am going back to the Moreton House, and I've overstayed my time now, I only run down once in a while to look after tbe old house. It is going to ruin sadly, and it breaks my heart to see it. But as soon as I get affairs untangled, and secure the ruins again, and between us young man, I was a fool to let them slio. I'll bold fast and then I shall have the Grange repaired and thrown open for visitors. I shall be glad to tee you. Mr. Gerhart, for I'm particularly struck with your face. No doubt you've heard of the Trevethons ?" _ _ "Ob, yes, sir; I've seen Sir Geoffrey Tre vethon t" " Indeed 1 May I ask when and where " At Lyndith Hall, wbere he now lives.' " Sir Geoffrey Tretethonl Mr. Gerhart, are you sure you eaw him 1" " I am indeed." , A. s Sir Geoffrey I Well, bless my soul, this i s a0 odd world I You eaw. Sir Geoffrey trevethon at Lyndith Hall 1" Ambross smiled at what he believed to be a madman's vagaries. , „ certainly saw bim at Lyndith Dau» About two years ago I went across with a Jrove of cattle, and I saw Sir Geoffrey, and * very pleasant and hospitable gentleman he jm « '*< No doubt. Ha I ha I ha I the best joke a the season that, I really think, lit. Ger- Bart, we shall be compelled to have yoa at Moreton Howe. Ton surely belong there. Bat, bleM my soul, I must hurry on I Goodnight I atoll look to see you when I open ^ WWt5^niu«ed Ambrose, watching him as ne disappeared, "the last wonder is greater t ^ W t o U Who cm 1* * f w f t , M M * * « * CHAPTER VII. AN EMBAUEASSISO EECOGXITION. Miss Trevethon sat in the breakfast parior of the Highland Inn, on the morning following her wild adventure, a trifle pale, a little more subdued ani thoughtful than was her wont, but imperially calm and self-contained. \- She was dressed in a morning robe of crisp muslin, with an uncut book in her fair hand, and her eyes bent upon the blue peaks that lay beyond the open window. Sir Geoffrey, fresh and genial after bis day at deer-stalking came in.' " Lenore, my dear, how fresh and fair you look. This highland air agrees with you. l'ui by your book a minute, please; I come with news for you. *' News again, sir Geoffrey J Pray, what is it this time J'* " News again, my dear—the best of newB; and, as yon dislike guessing, I'll reveal it at once. My son, Richmond, reached the lodge last night." For one swift instant Miss Trevethon's imperial calm was disturbed. She started slightly and bit her Hps. The news of the return of her betrothed was not at all welcome. But in tbe next breath she was her queenly self again. " He has come at last, then," she responded. *' At last," Sir Geoffrey continued. " He arrived at Lyndith Ilsll only a day or two after our departure, and came on at once to join us, but, unfortunately, lost his way, and last night he met with an accident. "An accident?'* " Yes; but pray do not be alarmed, my dear; there is nothing serious." Miss Trevethon's laugh was by no means flattering to the baronet. "Dear me, Sir Geoffrey, I am not at all alarmed," she answered, lightly; "and, begging your pardon, not much concerned. Bnt what was the nature of the accident, and how did it happen 1" Sir Geoffrey's brow contracted in an ominous frown, but he answered, quite pleasantly : " He was attacked on the highway, and he received a wound in the shoulder, not serious, as I said, but quite painful; and as he shows some disposition to fever, the physician enjoins entire quietude, for a day or two at least. Naturally, my dear, he is quite impatient to see yoa, and, fearing be may rebel against orders, 1 am here to beg that you will do me the favor to waik over to tne lodge." The young lady arches her haughty brows. • " You want me to go and see Richmond? That's what you mean, isn't it,Sir Geoffreyt" she questions. " Precisely, my dear." " Well, I'm sorry to disoblige you, but since the young man has been so very tardy about his refessa ftom abroad, I must beg leave to decline tbe honor of running down to welcome him. If there is danger of death I'll go, otherwise we can await his recovery." She rises and walks over to the window with the air of a bornqacen. Her guardian's eyes follow her with a look that leads one to think that under the velvet glove he wean s the iron hand, strong and mcrciless when JO occasion requires. iSut he answers pleasantly: '•As you will, my dear; but the poor fellow will be disappointed." "He won't break his haart, Sir Geoffrey," ibe replies. She watches the blue hills with weary eyes as be leaves the room, her thoughts going back to the old manor and to her adventures of yesterday, and, for the first time in her life, she shudders with disgust at tbe thought of her formal marriage with this long absent Richmond. "At last 1"' she murmured." at last! He is here, and my freedom will soon end. I wish to Heaven I were cead, and lying in the Bluet Hollow bj my poor mother's side." Two days went by before the baronet's son was able to leave his room, EO painful were the effects of his wound ; and in al] that time Miss Trevethon did not once visit the lodge. Lady Ualstead tried persuasions tnd severe words, but the young lady was not to be moved. Go to see ber future husband she would not; bet the tiny ring, the symbol of their childish marriage, still hung in her bosom, and she bad ao thought cf disobeying her father's will. Gu the third day tbe young man received permission to go out; and, as may be imagined, bis first, visit was to his cousin. Clotilde announced Geoffrey and bis con, and then directly withdrew. With high-bred composure, bat with a secret flutter at ber heart. Miss Trevethon arose to receive ber bridegroom. My dear Lenore, bere he is at last,"cried the baronet, "this laggard lover of yours,and I only hope you'll give him his deserts. Come,, «ou do not need to be introduced '* miss irerecncn oows, ana tne young man advances ; then both stand and stare for a few moments in petrified amazement. ' Heavens above I" ejaculates Bichmond, at last breaking the embarrassing silence, curious expression crossing bis s war my face. Lenore ears nothing-, but her eyes darken, and her red lips settle ia a determined line. " Well, my dears, wby don't you shake bands ?" cries the astounded baronet. Bichmond reddens, hesitates, and then advances with proffered hand. How are you, Cousin Lenore, I am very glad to see you I" She waves away his offered hand, and throws up her graceful head. ~ I cannot touch your hand, sir. Stand back, if you please," she says, her voice like a flute. " You are the man who was cowardly enough to attack an unprotected woman when she asked a simple civility of you 1 Do you not know me, sir J Ab I see that you do, Sir Geoffrey 1" turning to her guardian, her face all aglow with indignation. "Hear me ! I had no intention of telling you of my escapade, but I will. The day you went on tbe deer hunt I ran away from Clotilde and made a visit to Black Hollow Grange. Do not look so incredulous. I did ! It is only natural that I should want to see tbe place where my parents were murdered." Sir Geoffrey's face grows as white as death, and bis eyes resemble those of a blood thirsty beast, but bis ward goes fearlessly on. I was in the old bouse, and had quite a strange adventure, which belated me, and, on my return, I lost my way. I encountered tbe man who stands before me, and asked him to put me in the right road, and he basely insulted me 1 Let him deny it if he dare; Sir Geoffrey, you are mistaken yourself, or you are trying to impose on me. That man is not your son; be is not a Trevethon I No man, with a single drop of Trevethon blood in bis veins, would be such a dastard as to insult a woman 1" The baronet cowers away from ber blazing eyes with tbe faee of a man convicted of come shameful crime; but his {rashes farward, his swarthy face flushing hot with anger. " Yes, I am bis son," he retorts, his white teeth set bard together ;" I am his son, and, what is more, I am your bnsband, my fiery beauty; and you'll do well to curb thatsharp tongue of yours." " My husband i Hear the lunatic 1 He calls himself my husband," laughs Lenore. Bichmond Trevethon looks at ber fair, defiant face with eyes that glow witn mingiea anger and admiration. " Your husband, yes," he repeats, " by a marriage in our childhood; by your, dead father's command."' The room rings with her scornful laughter. " Our marriage in childhood was no marriage at ail," she answers; "and if my dead father should rise from the grave and command me to marry you I would refuse. Disobedience may be a sin, but to mate with one like you would be rushing madly to secure m life of misery." < a Hush ] Uon't speak rashly ; you'll repent of such bitter words by and by, he says, assuming a conciliatory manner and attempting to take her hand. " How could I even dream of meeting you at such an hour and ia such a place f Yoa must forget that foolish encounter." m "Ishall never forget it, sir," aha cries, recoiling from his touch with undisguised horror and aversion. " No matter Whether yon knew me or not, I was a woman, and X asked a kindness at your bands and you insalted me. Tbe vilest man that lived could do no worse than that. Stand back, eir; do not venture near me. I have my little weapon still, and the next blow may strike home." • .. J.-.: She draws a Jewelled dagger from her bosom and flashes it before bis eyes. He falls back, grinding oat a brutal oath between bis aet teeth. " Come, come," cries Sir Geoffrey, coming forward," this will never tfo. Xjenore,~my dear, put up your dagger { it isadangerout toy, and I must beg that yoa will cease carrying It. P o ^ t ^ ratejta^ »a, I it Yes, we can," interposes Lenore ; " we can afford to quarrel and to part. You may go, sir," bowing to tier lover with imperial scorn ; " there is no need that yoa and I should ever meet again.". ~ " Yes, there is, by George," theyoungman bursts forth. *' Last night's account is to be settled yet, and I'll Bettle it with a vengeance, too, when the time comes." His father takes his arm and pushes him aside. " Bichmond, be silent I" be commands ; leave the matter to me. Lenore, my dear, yon must remember—" She cuts him short with a gesture of imperious disdain. " No need to remember. Sir Geoffrey," she cries ; " less need to waste your breath. Hear me, and then have done with it. All my life my intention bas been to abide by the letter of my father's will, and make good my childish marrikge with your son ; but seeing him now as I do, a man whose face betrays his habits, a man who does not scruple to insult an unprotected woman, I would die a score of violent deaths rather than become his wife. The Trevethon heritage must go, my poor father's will must be disregarded. Of the two evils I choose the lesser one. You bave my decision in regard to the matter, Sir Geoffrey, and I bid yon goodmorning." She makes tbem a graceful obeisance, and sweeps from the room like and empress. Father and eon stand face to face for a full minute. " Well I" questioned the baronet then. " She shall be my wife," replies the son, his dark face flushing botly ; " and once mine I'll pay her with interest for ail this." "She'llpay yon,yon mean," retorts Sir Geoffrey. "She's more than a match for yon, you bungling idiot. If you iiad barkened to me 6he might have been your wife twelve months ago." '•That may be, but she shall be mine, nevertheless. I swore to have my revenge the night the stabbed me. Curse her, I doubly swear it now." His father seizes him by the collar and gives him a vicious shake. " Silcnce, you fool," he thunders. "You'll rnin everything with your infernal temper. Let your revcuge rest. To secure the Trevethon wealth is our object. Don't forget the very bread we eat comes from this girl's bounty, and even your income is of her giving. Let her slip and we are both beggars." CHAPTER Till. THE WAK BEGINS. Lecorc eat at the window of her chamber at Lyndith Hall, near the close of a stormy day, gazing far out at the angry waves beating on the shore. Never cross a bridge till you come to it," she mused, bending ber pensive eyes upon the tossing waves. " Sir Geoffrey and bis son make no allusion to this bateful marriage, and wby should I ? I earnestly bope they bave accepted my decision and made up their minds to abide by it, but I fear it is not so. It will be bard with Sir Geoffrey to lose his lion's 6hare of my fortune. I have a fancy that there's trouble ahead. I think my worthy guardian's face suggests something that isn't exactly quite submission. Well, sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. When I get nearer to my twentyfirst birthday it will be quite time enough to give the unpleasant affair my serious attention. Marry that wretch I never will. Ah, what a dreadful mistake my poor father raa.Ie when he suffered that childish marriage to go on I •• And yet," she added, taking the tiny ring from her bosom, " I cannot bear to take this little trinket off." I cannot help regarding that marriage of my childhood, which my raoibcr and father witnessed and sanctioned, as something sacred and binding, and which I dare not repudiate. And yet I can never becoaie^Klchmond Trevethon's wife. Was ever mortal woman in such a straight before With a moan of anguish she bowed her bead upon her folded arms, and her thoughts soon drifted from her trouble to that subject which eo frequently engrossed them—the mystery of Black Holiow Grange. A double mystery it had become since her eventful visit to the old manor ; and the remembrance of that ghostly face which peered down upon her haunted her waking hours and filled all her dreams. Was it a ghostly thing from the land of shadows or a living, human face ? She was resolved to know, and yet she could not summon courage sufficient to maxe a second visit to tbe manor. To speak to her guardian was out of the question ; and when on one or two occasions she begged Clotilde to accompany her, and related to her the events of her former visit, the woman trembled with terror. " Ask me to die for you Miss Lenore, and I'll do it willingly, but do not ask me to go near the accursed place." Hence, Miss Trevethon brooded over the mystery, and deferred ber second visit, until a most absurd idea got possession of ber mind. She fancied that lier father might bave been shut up in the old house, and that it was his living face she Eaw. The idea was certainly an absurd one, but -it so possessed her, and her desire to solve the mystery became so great, that she determined to write a letter to Ambrose Gerhart, and beg bim to assist her. She remembered his nsme well, and bis banasome face and courteous bearing even better: she recalled also the mention tbe peasant woman made of him, as being the only person who bad ever dared to venture within the Haunted Manor. If any one could assist her this man could; so the young lady put aside all scruplcs, and wrote him a frank letter, disclosing the fact that she was tbe daughter of the missing baronet and the murdered lady, and begging him to assist her in solving the mystery which bung over her father's name. She directed her letter to Piedmont Station, and awaited an answer with feverish impatience. " Two weeks have passed since the letter went, and sorely I shall soon get an answer," she thought, as the dusk of tbe wintry twilight began to gather round her. {To be continual.) 