CURRENT EVENTS. The Minister for Education notifies in the Government Gazette that it is proposed to establish evening Publio Schools at Invorell and West Maitland. Five persons were fined £1 each with costs at the Police Court" yesterday for breashes of the Fisheries Act-removing oysters from leased areas. On Thursday evening the Greta Council decided on the recommendation of the works committee to open relief works for the unem. ployed, the men to be employed in gange of ten for one day. The Public ServiceCommissioners, in their capacity as a Royal Commission, spent the day yesterday in conclave with the members of the Hunter District Water Supply and Sewerage Board. Tenders, to close on 29th instant, are being invited in the Goverment Gazette for the construction of the Tamworth to Manilla railway, including the erection of a bridge of steel plate girders and concrete piers over the Peel River. The case in which Charles Hines was charged with having embezzled certain moneys the property of Mr. John M'Lean, was dismissed by Mr. C. N. Payten, S;M., yesterday, after listening attentively to dreary evidence which occupied 69 sheets of foolscap. At Monday's meeting of the City Council Alderman Webb will move: "That clause No. 7 of the special committee's report, dated 2nd August, 1893, dealing with the issue of summonses without first obtaining the con sent of the Mayor, be, and the same is here by rescinded.". Stone-throwing at trams has been the cause of much annoyance out Merewether way. Yesterday Senior- constable Robinson brought a boy (caught in the act of throw ing) up to the court, and the 5.M. ordered the lad to be imprisoned till 7 p m., the mother having refused to pay the Os fine and costs. At Monday's meeting of the Newcastle Borough Council, Alderman Asher will move: "That the Mayor cause a further letter to be written to the Railway Commis. sioners asking for a reply to the council's last letter informing them of agreement to all the conditions, re the removal of the boat harbour and market basin." A notification in the Governmnt Gazette states that the Royal assent has been given to the Act to authoeise the Maitland Gaslight Company (Limited) to extend its works to, and to light and supply gas to, and carry on business in, places beyond the limits and boundaries of the towns of East and West M?aitland, and for other purposes. A curiously caused death is reported from the Coonabarabran distriot. It appears that the other day Mrs. Carlow, of Baradine, aged 29, poured some eucalyptus into her ear and swallowed a quantity of it in order to relieve a pain in her head. She was soon after taken seriously ill, and the doctor on arriving found her dying. Death was attributed to an overdose of eucalyptus. At a meeting of the Clarence Biver Farmers's Union, held at Grafton on Thurs day, a conimitee was appointed to consider the best means of opening up trade between the Clarence and Newcastle. It was decided that the chairman and secretary should sign a petition, on behalf of the union, supporting Mr. M'Farlane's motion for a Royal Com. mission on the sugar industry. * Alderman Asher will move at Monday's meeting of the City Council: " That in the opinion of this council it is desirable that a conference of the whole of the municipalities within a radius of 30 miles, be invited at an early date for the purpose of taking action in urging the Government to grant the usual subsidy to municipalities, and that the Mayor be requested to take the neoe'sary steps to further the object." Mr. G. W. Butts, of Carrington, who a few days ago reported a robbery as having taken place at his residence, states that the money stolen was the property of the Coal trimmers' Association, and not the Coal trimmers' Co-operative Company. He also states that the £5 paid in towards the loss was collected amongst the members of the Honeysuckle Fire Brigade, 'of which Mr. Butts is a member, and given him as a token of sympathy. News has been received in Melbourne from Korrumburra to the effect that indignation is expressed at the action of the Victorian Railway Department in calling for tenders for the supply of Newcastle coal for the rail. ways for a term of three years. The Minister for Railways says that tenders are being called for a minimum quantity of 6000 tons of Newcastle coal per annum. He regards this as a proper step, inasmuch as on several occasions lately the Victorian companies have not been able to supply all the coal they had contracted to supply. The Minister also says that the Railway Commissioner had informed him that it paid the department better to give 12s per ton for Newcaetle coal than 8s 64 for Korrumburra. The British aedical Journal, which do. scribes the great temperance movement as a distinguishing feature of the Victorian era, says that with little more than 100 ab stinent ministers of religion and no ecolesi. astioal dignitary in 1837, there are now in Britain some thousands of the clergy of all denominations, including two archbishops, 16 home and more colonial bishops, and lesser dignitaries by the score. From less than a dozen abstaining members of the medical profession, we have now over 1000, including six University professors. In the Legislature, as elsewhere, abstainers are now seen by the dozen where none were known 60 years ago. Even in the navy and the army abstainers are numbered bythe thousand. It ought ot to be forgotten, however, that while drunken ness has decreased among males it has largely increased among women. Mr. John D. Davies, of Merewether, writes:-In reference to some remarks that Mr. H. Brien, jun., makes in your issue of the 2nd instant, criticising the report on the choir competition at the eight-hour sports and the last Newcastle Eisteddfod, I feel sorry to have to state that Mr. Brien must be labouring under some delusion or other in so writing. Your report is quite correct, as to my leading a winning party at the last Newcastle Eisteddfod, which consisted of mixed voices. Mr. Brien states that I never led a male voice party to victory, but he ought to go firther (to use his own words again), and tell your readers that I never led one to defeat either, having not yet had the pleasure of eonduoting such a composed choir at an Eisteddfod, but may some future day do so. I have, however, been so singu. larly successful with every choir that I have yet taken in hand, as to cause me to re luctantly think that jealousy seems to have sprung a leak amongst some of my musical friends, and I hope that the damage done is no greater than my estimate. The clipper ship Argue is due here to-day to load wool for the March sales, and will aommence loading immediately on areival. Mr. H. Rouse, who has been confined to his room for some time past, wee much better yesterday, and he hopes to be able to see hbi friends again shortly. The bookmakers' quarrel in the train last saturday night is to be dealt with at the Gosford Pohce Court, the alleged assaults having occurred within the jurisdiction of that court. 'J he Victorian Minister of Agrioulture in tends inquiring into the likelihood of an expert trade in meat, dairy produce, &o.;, being opened up with South Africa. The rinderpeet having been disastrous to cattle in that capntry, the prices obtained for meat are very hingh, petticutarly on the goldflelde. A movement is on foot to rceet a memorial in the parish church of Broadhembury, Devonshire, to the Rev.. A. M. Toplady, author of "Rook of Ages," who was for many years vicar of that parish. The com munion table in use in Toplady's days and the pulpit from which he preached are still in the church. The Hon. J. N. Brunker, Colonial Secre tary, has expressed his intention of being present at the Friendly Societies' Demon etration this afternoon. Mr. Brunker will arrive at Honeyeuckle Point by the train which reaches there at 2 40 p.m. He will be met by the ,reception committee and escorted to the reserve, where the speeches will be delivered. The Ch1risti, Icorld (London) says that on pleasant Sundays no fewer than 200.000 bicycles run out from Now York, and almost aes many from Philadelphia. Dr. M'Coonnell, rector of Holy Trinity, Brooklyn, deelares that the present exaggerated devotion to thie and other forms of dunday amusement haa confronted the church with the gravest situ ation since the Reformation, and that it must be faced in some practical way. The latest sensation out Hamilton way ie the advent of "a ghost." As far back as three months ego, a moving white obj-ct wae seen at the rear of Donald- etreet behind the residence of one Schofield, but no formal com plaint was then made about the matter. Now, it appears, the residents have pretty generally been alarmed by the appearance of what is described as a "woman in grey" in the vicinity of Gregson Park. The matter ie now in the hands of the police, who have been watching for an opportunity of getting to close quarters with this practical joker. In the New Zaeland House of Represecnta tives, Mr. Richardson made some humourous remarks on the subject of inspectors. He said there were so many inspectors in New Zealand that if each h.sd three coats of luminous paint applied to him, the inhabi tants should not be able to distinguish night from day. There was, he said, an inspector for picking gooseberries, an inspector for plueking fowls, an inspector to look after the rabbits, an inspeotor to pluck the wool off the sheep. There was an inspector wherever you turned. Look up, look down, look east,, or look west, there was an in spector. A private cable message has been received announcing the sudden death in London of Sir W. A. Mackinnon from heart disease. Sir William Mackinnon, who entered the army in 1863, served as surgeon with the 42nd Highlanders in the Orimean war, and was also on service in the Indian Mutiny, and afterwards in New Zealand. He was prinoipal medical officer with the British troops in the Ashantee war and later was appointed to the position of director.general of the army medical department, which he held from 1889 to 1895. He was created K C.B. in 1891. Sir William Mackinnon, who was a son of the late Rev. John Mao kinnon, minister of Strath, Isle of Skye, re sided in Melbourne for' some time after the New Zealand war, and was well known to many old colonists. In a lecture on the Alaskan Goldfields delivered in London on September 23, by Mr. Harry de Windt (reported in The Times) the lecturer described the mosquitoes as the great ourse of the country. Camp life in Alaska (ho said) was made unbearable by dense swarms of mosquitoes. The sufferings they inflicted were quite indescribable, and for the first few days on the Yukon, con versation, sleep, and even eating were quite out of tho question. He had camped out, after a hard day's work, famished with hunger, and yet unable to raise a mouthful to his lips owing to the persistent onslaughts. The incessant irritation caused by the bites frequently brings on positive illness. Even the natives suffer tortures from May until September, but their bodies are smeared with rancid oil, and the smell affords protection denied t6 the white man. An Alaskan mes. quito will torture a dog to death, and fre quently drive bear and deer into the water. There is no remedy. A piece of damp rag was kept smouldering all night in their tent. It nearly suffocated them, but had no effect on their tiny but bloodthirsty enemies. An exoursion by the Namoi to Raymond Terrace and Morpeth will take place on Tues day, 9th instant. Persons desirous of being examined for first or second class certificates of competency as manager or undermanager of a coal mine, are referred to the advertisement published in another column, of the Department of Mines and Agriculture on that subject. The inaugural meetings of the Australian Socialist League, Newcastle section, will be held this evening and to-morrow. To-night's meeting will take place at Perkin-street, when Mr. Thompson, seoretary of the A.S.L., Sydney, and Mr. J. 0. Moroney will speak. Other arrangements are elsewhere an nounced. The large amount raised this year by the Salvation Army in Australasia for the Self Denial Fund, exceeding that of any other territory, including England, which contri. buted £25,000, was the subject of a cable m!ssage by Commandant Booth to his father, General Booth:-"Hallelujah I England surpassed. Total amount of self denial week, £25,350. Unlimited love to the General." The evening service of the Independent Presbyterian Church to-morrow night in the theatre will be a speeial one. It is to be fully choral. There will be special orchestral and choir musio, as well as some solos. The Rev. Donald Fraser, M.A., is to preach, and the colleotion to be taken at the close of the sermon is on behalf of the hospital and Benevolent Asylum. The service is to start at a quarter to 7. One of the most artistically-produced pam phlets that we have seen is that just issued by Messrs. Harris and Sproull, Hunter street, in connection with their well-known preparation "Neurine." The front page of the cover has been lithographed in five colours from a design prepared by Mr. W. H. Sproull. The blending of the inks has been especially well done, the whole forming a most attractive piece of high-class printing. The back page contains an engraving from a fine drawing by Mr. F. P. Mahoney, the skilful Sydney artist, the subject representing a man holding a bottle of "Neurine " in his hand, while a small child is standing along side, evidently in expectation of something good. Both artist and engraver were very happy in their work. The pamphlet all through has been well arranged and printed, and is creditab'e to Mr. Sproull's judgment and good taste. " Pears' Christmas Annual for 1897," just issued by Gordon and Gotoh, Sydney, is a remarkably fine number, fully justifying the claim of the publishers, "a complete pio ture gallery for one philling." It contains 14 full-page pictures in colours, five repre senting " The Senses ;" a pair of humourous plates depicting " Going Nap;" five amus ng hunting pictures entitled "A Tally-ho Idyll," and a pair of large oleographe repre sentative of Sir John E. Millais' well-known and popular paintings "Cherry Ripe" and SBubbles." A complete novel, Mermaids' Money," by B. E. Franoillon, profusely illustrated, helps to make up what is probably the finest publication yet sent out by the great firm of Pears, Limited. Of the six board under the Faotoiios and Shops iA? elurno r-ate of pay ta employees lie their t-fi the uurreopo ctl00 trades with the view of putting down ewe ting in the city, five of themhare eiertont their labours or are on the pointeofor opleted -he sith board, however-the white ~esr. which was elected to fix the krs raking women's and girls' undero oay for has come to a standstill, owing prinespe? to disagreements eneongst the represontelvties of the employees on tho board, and theresis now little prospeot of anything bi to lessen thpe sweating which hoe heng done rious in this industry for yer e poet oto. regarded as possible, however, that tho Chief Secretary, who is resepnsiblo for th sedinis tration of the Act, will urge the boaol to meet again, and endeavour to s00n0, the framing of a leg by eaoh feotory, in the hope that it will lead t h blto fs te in this trade tweeliog The east for Mr. Aug. W. Junoker' "Romance of Corsica," whieh is to he opro duced by the Musical Union under the baton of the composer, is published in our advertis. ing colums this morning. The manegement have engaged for this work, Misdes .et Potter, Mr. Arthur oRunter, Mr. Jules Simoin sen, and Mr. C. W. Anson. Thes erhiet stood well in the forefront of the profession and as they will be assisted in the prea odt by a strong contingent from theo M.cic Union, the performance should be high sueceseful as well as attractive. The ople itself has an interesting plot. the musicis melodious and catching, and should-meet with the approolation of Newcastle admirers of the lyrio drama Besides several pretty airs, there are several flne choruses in thie work, especially at end of a0ts first and second. On the first production in Sydney, the local press spoke highly of the beauty of the mueso, and of the entire production. Anniversary services of the Platteborg Baptist Sunday'echool will be hold to. morrow. A concert by girls of Bible classes will be given on Tuesday, 16th inst, at the P.M. (hurcli, Wickham. The Stockton Volunteer Fire Brigade will proceed on on excursion to Tomago on Tuesday, 9rh lust. A social will be hold in the Carrington Hall, Adamstown, on Monday night, 8th inst., in aid of Columbus church. A flower service, in connection with Hoe. pital Saturday, will be held to-morrow in tie Weslevan Church, Tyrreld-treet. St. Luke's All Nations Sale of Work will be held in the Wallsend School of Art, on the 18th inst., and two following days. Anniversary services will be held to-morrow at the P.M. church, Waratah. A public meeting will be held on Monday night. An excursion to Tarro, under the aensices of tS. Peter's Church of England Sunday School, will be held on Tuesday, 9th inst. The parcel of new books ready for issue to-day at the Newcastle Pebool of Arts in. eludes a number of good works of fiction. A river excursion to Raymond Terrace will be held on Tuesday, oth inst, under the auspices of the P.M. Church, Tigbe's Hrill. - Anniversar servioes will be held in the f.M. Church, Jesmond, to-morrow. A public tea and entertainment will be held on Monday. Anniversary services will take place to. morrow in the Bur wood P.M. Sunday School. A tea and public meeting will be held on Monday. Messrs. Hart and Firkin have arranged to give another of their interesting electrical displays at their establishment, Hunter-slret, this evening. A conversazione in connection with the oew c1anle Wesleyan Church will be held in tte Y.M.O.A Hall on Thursday, 11th inst, and two following days. The usual announcements regarding to. merrow's religious services in the different churches and the Victoria Th.atre will be found on page 8. A jumble sale and cafe chantant in aid of the Christ Church Women's Guild will be held in the Masonic Hall, Newcastle, on lth December and two following days. On the Prince of Wales' Birthday the Ne'wc~stlo Spiritual Besearch Society will have a picnic to the Botanical Gardens at Waratah. They invite friends. Mr. W. F. Gale's leoture for the New. castle School of Arts has been postponed to Tuesday, 16th inst. Further partinulars as to subject, etc , will bs published shortly. Special service in the Christian Chapel, Railway-street, Merewether, on BSuday night, in aid of the Hospital, when Mr. R. 0 Gilmour will deliver an address on "The Good Samaritan." Aocording to the Chistian, of London, the labours of the Rev. J. R. M'Dongall, D.D., for the evangelisation of Italy hae been so sucaessfal that this year, in one small district, nearly 1000 persors have left the Church of Rome and joined the Evan. gelical Churoh. Anniversary services will be held in the Cook's Hill Free Methodist Churoh, to. morrow. A public meeting will be held on Monday night. On Tuesday, 6th inst,, an excursion to Tomago will to held, the steamer Tomago having been engaged for the occasion. The arrangements for the fourth annual Highland Gathering, which will be held on the Newcastle Rugby Union Ground on Tuesday, 9th inst, are rapidly approanhing completion. Mr. M. A. Fraser, the energetic secretary, states that every effort has been made by the committee for the comfort ofthe public. The funds raised by the sports are devoted to those in need. A largo gathering is confidently expected on the occasion, All the auctioneers have a number of propertleon their hands for private sale. .eessrs. bydney Davis and Co. will sell to-day, at their mart, drapery, clothing, boot,, jewellery, watches, &c.; Mr. E. W. Sparke will sell at Campbell's Hill on Monday, 8th November, as per order o etale, l15 he cattle, 800 sheep, and 90 pigs. Messrs. Marshall anA Blaxland will eell at Csam bell's Hill, on Monday, 8th November, at 11 o'loea, 55 head cattle, and c00 fat sheep. Messrs. J. N. Brunker and Son will sell at Camne bell's Hill on Monday, 8.h November, at 11 o'clec, 142 head cattle, 400 fat sheep, and 100 pigs. On F?ri day, 12th inst., at noon, they will sell at Campbell's Hill 15 hoes, the property of various owners. Mr. O. K. Young will sell at the Municipal ale yards, Maitland, on Friday, 19th inst., at noos, 100 head horses. mostly heavy draught. Durig N-' vember Mr. Young will sell the Tibuc herd of cattle, numbering 1800 head, at the Municipal sBleyrds, Maitland Mr. . C. Bonarius will sell at his rooms, at 10 30 to-day, drapery, boots, and sundries. Atnoon tio day. 40 acres of land at the Nine Mile, larmoun Terrace; also. two illotments at West Wallend and one at fHamilton Park. Two allotments facing the tobacca factory, Darby-street, will be sold on Satur day, 20th November, at 2 30, on theground. Mr. Geo. T. Edwards will, to-day on the premises, at noon, sell by auction, a three years' lease of the Newcastle Borough Markets, with option of rene ing for'a further term of two Years. OnTuesday, th inst., at 2 o'clock, he will hold a ale at Toronto of land on that estate, and of Fennell's Estate, Lake Macquarie. On an early date he will sell a frethol block of land fronting Brown-street, with old uild ing thereon. MeAers Lang, Woof, and Co. will sell to-yT, st noon, at their rooms, a site at the corner of Cleary and Bennett streets, Hamilton On Saturday, 1th inst., at noon, at their rooms, they will sell a block cf landlin Telford-streat, off Scott.street, close to the Imperial Hotel; also, Lloyd's Oriental Hotel, Casr rington, and five w 'b. dwellings and lacrge area of building land extending from young street to Littled 'cYung-street. Messrs. Creer and Berkeley will sell, at their rooms, to-day, at 11 o'clock, elothiog, boots, furni ture, rattan chairs, &c; On Monday next, At I o'clock, at the timber wharf, foot of wolflctreet, 20,000it of Oregon. On Monday. 0th ist.. at 10 H, at No. 5 Neweomen-stre it, furniture and efecti of - restaurant. On Thursday, 11th inst., at 3 o'clock, at their rooms, over an acre of land at the rear of the Goveroment shed , Hamilton. On saturdaySLthint. eat 3 o'clock, at their rooms, a 0-roomed cotge with kitlen, at Patrick-street, Merewether. 00 atur aty, eth iast, at their rooms, at 3 o'c., thp will sell three two-storey residences at D"Oilsn strect Carrington; also two cottages fronting aAttle lsDe son-street there. 