THE LADipVPÄGE. (BY "SY£V£A") .'Sylvia" will be glad to answer, through the medium of this paper, any ques- tions relating to the home and woman's world in general. Correspondence to be addressed to-" Sylvia," WESTERN MAIL. WOMAN'S TOPICS. Tn my notes last week I mentioned the all-important matter of salads. It is astonishing how comparatiyely few house- wives try to provide the table with this most inviting and varied addition to the repast. "Lettuce is.not in season." they Trill say, as though lettuce were the only known salad ingredient. As a matter of fact there are scores .of vegetables which , can be vastly improved from an insipid edible to a very palatable dish-by a judi- cious admixture of seasoning and dressing. \ Swede. . turnips, carrots,, potatoes; .and: French beans,, are all suitable, for the : formation of salads. .1 think.it is to Canada we are indebted for. ..the cabbage salad, ? which many are .ol opinion surpasses the finest lettuce. To -makertbe dressing take the yolk of a hard boiled egg, a teaspoonful each of mustard and sugar, a quarter tea- spoonful of salt, and pound in a mortar until perfectly smooth. Add slowly two teaspoonfuls of pure olive oil, stirring .until ali is thoroughly blended. Drop in two tablespoonfuls best vinegar, and four of good cream, stirring madly to prevent curdling and pour this over the prepared cabbage which has been washed and torn into shredB Tba- cabbage must be quite white and quickly grown so that it is crisp and tender. It is needless to say that greens should always be shredded instead of cut, as it prevents then*, becoming leathery. - '. -"To make a "salad of mixed: "vegetables, take cold boiled turnips, beetroot, potatoes, broad beans, and slice them Add minced parsley, capers, two or three shallots-the quantities must depend upon the material to be treated. Stir in sufficient vinegar and cream thoroughly blended - not separately-to make the whole slightly moist, but not sloppy For Lenten fare preserved fish may be treated, in a variety of ways Take a tin of best ealmon and mix with it a few *>liveB,-6liced preserved mushrooms, capers, and chopped herbs. Bub the dish with a little garlic and mix with a good strong dressing to which a few drops of anchovy sauce have been added. Sardines may be similarly treated, and I should think our own Mandurah mullet would prove au ex- cellent ingredient for this recipe. The seductions of lobster salad aie gene- rally acknowledged, also the nightmare which unhappy dyspeptics have bad to suffer. For every effect there is a cause, and in the case of lobster salad the satis- faction derived from the cause will make most of us chance the effect. To make the salad, shell and boil a good lobster ; when cold arrange in slices on a dish, sprinkling each pièce with chopped capers and choice herbs. Make a dressing with the pounded yolk of two hard-boiled eggs, salt, cayenne, minced shallots, !>U, white wine vinegar, and cream. Mix well, and, last of all, add a well washed and shaken head of lettuce that has been finely shredded. The Queen in the nursery rhyme would not have wasted her time in the kitchen eating bread and honey if there bad been a lobster salad handy, I am sure. Another very dainty salad with a war- ranted flavour may be made of what the Irishman calls his "two-eyed beefsteak." Take a smoked red herring and warm it so that the skin can be removed easily. Place the fish, which bas been lifted from the bones, in a little warm milk to soften and remove some of the salt. Drain and cut into little bits. Shoe a few meally potatoes and an apple, a small onion, and beetroot if procurable, make a sharp dressing, using strong flavours to prevent the neces- sity for quantities, and arrange nicely on a dish. Muslin is a good deal worn by smart women for evening dresses, always pro- fusely trimmed with chiffon and butter tinted lace. The dead white bice that proved so trying to the complexion of the woman "over seven "is but seldom seen. The seeming simplicity of these frock« neednot prevent the extravagant at heart from adopting them, from thirty to forty guinea^ being the usual price for a muslin dimier-gown turned out by a master band Another style which is adopted by women of pronoiuYced individuality is a dress of cream clotb, opening over a vest ol bright satin. It is claimed that the cloth does not outshine the more ot less satiny " texture of the wearer's throat and arms. This dress is made tight-fitting at the back, pouched in front at either, side the red vest, and confined to the waist by a knotted scarf or a long sash in the, new shade Of Venetian red which is neither scarlet nor crimson, but a happy admixture of both. In Páris,^ where fashionable dames are more daring than elsewhere, smart matrone effect being *" set round " with charming children, and take the air in the Company oï their, ;little. ones,' who are costumed exactly as their mother, in miniature early Victoria bonnet, paletot, parasol ano ail. What courage is there, my sisters \- To walk or drive with one's dearest, friend . and rival is one thing. She abo has "stood four square to all the winds that blew-* "for seasons and will act as a foil, so everj se^-respecting woman of average conceil will imagine. But to invite comparisoi between beauty's cheek and the peacl bloom of the toddling baby is a daring stet indeed. Germany is actually said to be coming forward with ideas of its own in the dress makin? of the day Mauy wonderfu dresses Irom German modistes bid fair ti outdo even Paris, it is broadly stated, bu that is a traveller's tale. The portrait and paintings of Boyal personages, whicl we see, do not encourage this idea. but. sec haps these gowns ate not maàe in, Germany, and," " peTbapfs1;' ägain,! jitney : were designed inv- ttuv middbv ' ages, and the deceased great-grahdmbthers 'were fitted for the dresses that are worn by Hereditary Grand Duchesses to- day. Someone, indeed, has said that this would account for their being called Hereditary but that is more frivolity which should not be encouraged. Many modistes are trimming rich materials with plainer ones. The new glacé silks are frequently finished with a sailor collar in cloth and have an under- skirt of cloth also showing ; but the whole system of adornment will want readjusting before we can take kindly to thiB idea. Silk on velvet bas a funereal appearance, and cotton lace on silk is a thorn in the flesh that makes us wince every time we see the cheap shop-made blouse with its cotton finish. We cannot paint the lily, which, without effort, rivals the splendour of Solomon in all his glory ; and it is jtist -as absurd to adorn a costly material with a stuff that dims the original lustre. ' :' -;. ":: ? Tn 'veils, white fancy tulles, studded thickly with large black chenille spots, are extremely becomiUg, and continue to claim first place Fawn and mauve tulles, simi- larly treated, are also worn, the mauve veil being an ideal face covering where it hap- pens to suit the complexion. We all know how difficult it is to decide upon the pur- chase of veils. The slightest diffex'enee in the mesh or spots may make all the difference in the world as to the suitability or otherwise. An Eastern colony scribe gives a piece of advice which is worth following. When choosing a veiL always try the tulle over the back of your own bare hand. If the net throws a shadow, pass it by. If, on the contrary,. the skin appears whiter and smoother than the natural tint, it goes without saying that this tulle and no other is the thing to buy. Kid. gloves ,are now considered smarter than- Suede, and are pure white, with very fine stitchery. What a prospect for this city of surprises in the way of dust-storms and willy-willies, where the water carts are idle, though the sandia ne'er at rest. And as for hosiery, this article is perfectly extravagant, even in these luxurious days. Black open-work stockings must of neces- sity maintain their popularity for ordinary wear,. but for smart occasions they have given place to hosen that match the tint of the gown, and are elaborately embroidered in wreaths of coloured Bilks. Others have insertions of black and white lace, the stripes narrowing and diminishing towards the ankle, thus giving the appearance of a taper where Nature has been too lavish in her bequest. For outdoor exercise hosen and Emerald green and myrtle green shoes are very suggestive and becoming. Many old-fashioned people, and not a few young ones, will rejoice to know there is quite a revival in both archery and croquet in the field where tennis and golf have held full sway. A new skirt facing called the "telegram facing" is likely to supply a long felt want -especially here, where, after two or three appearances, we are driven to cobble up our damaged binding, that the grit and pebbles have played such havoc with. The new facing is waterproof, and positively in- destructible. It consists of a narrow pinked velvet edge, which is supported by rubber, this rubber having au outer surface of felt, which cannot ravel. There is no rubbing nor soiling of one's shoes where the new facing is used, and it can be bad in all the fashionable colours of the season. Mrs. Patrick Campbell, who has done so much to popularise the wearing of innume- rable baubles, costly and otherwise, bas set her present affections on the lovely aqua- marine which for a long time lias lain neglected at the bottom of our grand- mother's jewel box In the character of Ophelia she wears a dress of blue accordion pleated chiffon, the watery tint which has oome to be called Ophelia blue. Under this is a crinkled ivory satin petticoat, the embroidered hem of which appears below the overdress. A corselet of netted silver is worn which en- circles the form from shoulder to hips ; on this corselet she wears a double girdle of aquamarine of a lovely blue, exactly the colour of the gown Bound her neck she wear* ropes of the same stones set in silver filigree, and her hair, which falls in a thick dark cloud below the waist, is passed through jewelled rings, and the ends are secured m a unique double heart of aquamarines. Her delineation of Ophelia is pronounced "picturesque, pathetic, poetic," but theatre- goers have not been able to quite lose sight of Paula Tauquerey and Agnes Ebbsmitb, and the great question as to whether Mrs. Campbell is or is not a finished actress of Shakesperian drama has yet to be decided. Our early and constant friend, the family ghost, is having a trying time, aud there is danger that soon the thin air of which be has condescended to consist will be ruthlessly torn away and then, " where are you?" A ghost that has for centuries remained in undisputed possession of a certain wing of an old mansion has ' just been run to earth and proves to be nothing more than a colony of bats. These revelations are hard upon the ghost, and harder still upon the Christmas story writer, who sees ruin staring him in the face. The ghost, the goblin, and their many spiritual relations have bad a warm advocate in Marie Corelli, but Bhe protests too much, and the leas she has to reveal the more she has to say about it. Zisea 1 Now, I bad hopes of Zisca, and for quite ten minutes I fancied Marie Cor- elli had something new to tell us about the supernatural. But she hadn't When you read it you feel that you have been ex- pected to get up a fit of the creeps over the bogie man or "Black Micky'7 of your chudhood, and you want to ask ber in all seriousness, without any allusion to the colloquialism of the phrase. " What are you giving nsf" The tone of the piano improves when the instrument is «unovAdicom tb» w»Uof th* . room« 