? '"tyeddy," said the teacher to JTreddy ftangle, "you "have spelled the -word "rabbit* -nith two t's. You must leave one of them out." . "Yes, ma'am," isplied Freddy; "which one?" Old Lady (looking at "deaf aad, dumb'," placard): My poor man, noes this say? I haven't my glasses. Trams: Please, mum, it says I am d«a£ and. dumb, and if yer kin give me a fewcoppers. The pupils in a school were asked to jglve in writing .^Qfference- btetw^en ą biped and a quadraped. One boy gave the -following: "A tflped has two Jtegs and.a-rjaadrupeS has four legs; therefore the difference between, a biped «aid quadrcped Is two Jegs." "Isn't it absari what ideas people small towns have of large citiesJT" "T«s; there's just one- thing more absurd "Wfeai is. thai?" "The Mess -people in large cities fcave of a smalt town.' J ; Mamma: ~Whlch do yoo love most, papa or" mamma?"" Charlie: "1 love ,{»pa most."' "Why- Charlie, I am suriPrLsed at you. I thought you loved me most." -'"Can't help it, mamma; we men ;have to-fcttfd together. "itiy I kiss you.' 3Iiss Tenspot?" asked young Sir Huggins. "Have you ever kissed a girl before?" asked the yoimg lady. "Never," asseveraied the young man. "Then yon may kiss me. I draw line at men who kiss and tell." "Watts: The displacement of men "by machinery has been something great in j recent years. Potts: And it is sHll going on. Only yesterday I was going' across the street ami round myself displaced by a bicycle with great irre- -ctpltancr. Miss Antique: I don't care for Taen; in. fact, I've already said "No" to seven oE them. Miss Comely: Indeed! "What were tliey selling? "See that woman running—with an enormous bouquet in her hand?" "That; isn't a bouquet; she is trying to save her summer hat from the rain." His -Wife: "Wen. Josiah, I dont that yon need keep on takin' that liquor.! The doctor said that yun were all cured, and that he needn't come any more. The Deacon: Yes; but you. know what lie sa3d a. few days ago about the danger of gettin 1 a relapse. "What do these letters stand "for?" asked a curious wife of her husband, as she looked at his Masonic -seal. • "Well, really, my love," he repBed, encouragingly, "I presume it 5s "because "they; can't sit down." She postpones further questioning. New Farmer: I am somewhat of connoisseur in stock, and I want only such as are young and in good condition. Dealer: Well, buy this drove of yearlings. New Farmer: How old are they? One af ternotm, a stranger, observing- a stream of people entering a church, approached a man of gloomy respect, who was standing "near the entrance, -and asked, " Is this -a funeral," "Funeral, no;" was the sepulchral answer; "it'sa wedding:"" "Excise me," added the stranger, "but I thought from your sen ous looks that you migfit be a hired mourner." "2fo." returned "the man with a -weary, far-off look in his eyes, "I'm the son-in-law of the bride's'mother." The Harlem Histories gave a performance a few nights ago. The -piece ttjs "Hamlet," and Gus Snobberly played the ghost. Gus expressed his lack of confidence by saying, -"Now, -Gus, all in the world you have to do ie to come in and say, ."I am thy father's ghost," •and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice." Gus said he would try -and -do his level best. When the ghost's- turn came he spoiled the tragic effect of the wiioleperformance by saying: "lam thy father's ghost, acui you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice.' Gilhooly: Why don't yon -propose .to Miss Longcoffin? She is dead, gone on you. and she Is rich besides. Gns Smith: T would encourage her a'iittle If it wasn't that she is lame In. one long leg. Gilhooly; For Leaven's sake, man, don't be a pessimist. Don't look at it that way. Gus de Smith". Don't look at what? Gilhooly: The situation, of couse: don't say that she4s lame in one leg, but remember she has one leg she is not lame in. Look on the bright side of things. Be an optimist. 