BUCKLEY, THE WILD WHITE MAN. BY W. T. PYKE. CHAPTER II.—(continued.) Our hero, Buckley, now appears on the records in a new light. He had started well. His behavior on ship- board was exemplary, and a consider- able amount of liberty was accorded him in consequence. Most of his time was spent on deck, where he made himself useful in a variety of ways among the seamen. The Governor took notice of him, being, no doubt, attracted by his fine upstanding soldierly appearance, and promoted him to the rank of his own body-servant, which required to assist in the erection of the more substantial structures of the settlement—the powder magazine and storeroom; skilled labour, such as he possessed by virtue of his early training as a bricklayer, being lamentably want- ing in the little community. His ingrained hatred to hard or con- tinuous labor again showed itself. Bricklaying had not agreed with him in his youthful years, and now in his manhood the old aversion marked an- other turning point in his career. Once more he listened to the voice of the tempter, and became a party to a carefully prepared plot, which was de- vised in company with five other black sheep of the convict fold who longed for fresh fields and pastures new. The work they were employed upon frequently took them outside the line of sentinels and they availed them- selves of any little opportunity that might offer itself to "plant" provisions or any other articles they thought would come in useful to them in the bush. On the 27th December they were ready, and agreed to make a start for freedom that night. When the shades of evening had given place to the deep gloom of night, and the last weary convict had at length fallen into a troubled slumber, and naught broke the solemn stillness but the drowsy sentinels on their watch- ful rounds, or the weird cry of a native bird or animal in the ghost-like bush around, then did the six conspirators quietly steal forth from the presence of their comrades into the outer air, pass the line of sentinels and make for their secreted hoard. They managed to "spring their plant;" as getting away with hidden booty is called in convict parlance, but of the convicts had concerted a plot amongst themselves to break away, had that night stationed an extra line of outposts beyond the confines of the settlement. Unfortunately for the fugi- tives, these piquets were on the qui vive and opened fire just as the retreating men began to feel that they had com- pletely eluded the vigilance of their guards, with the result that one man was brought down by a well aimed bullet. Another one was so terrified and dazed at seeing his comrade fall that he paused in his flight and was immediately surrounded and captured. Shot after shot reverberated through the woods, but none of the other runa- ways were hit. Dodging behind trees and bushes and any inequalities of the ground that they could take advantage of, they gradually got out of range and made good their escape. We will now leave them for a time and follow the fortunes of the settle- ment. The success of this daring out- break greatly alarmed the authorities, who considered that so large a number of the exiles being free in the bush was a strong menance to the maintenance of order within the boundaries of the settlement. It was feared that others would strive to emulate the enterprise of Buckley and his party. The night watch was immediately strengthened, and shortly afterwards a voluntary association of civil officers and free settlers was formed to assist the military in their police functions. The officers of this kind of special constabulary carried firearms, and the men were armed with batons. Their self - appointed duties consisted of a patrol of the encampment independently of the military rounds. Being irregu- lar in their movements, and not wearing a uniform. like the soldiers, it could never be foretold by the convicts when or where they would turn up next, and consequently they soon became very useful in checking crime; and many an unfortunate misdemeanant was pounced upon by them and promptly brought to justice. In consequence of large fires being seen at some distance from the en- campment it was concluded that the escapees were still in the neighbourhood. It was therefore determined that an effort should be made to retake them. With this object an expedition was organised on the 6th January, 1804, in which the civil association and several marines joined their forces. They managed to follow the tracks of the fugitives for several miles, but could trace them no further, and perforce had to come back unsuccessful. No other attempt was made in this direction, as the Governor thought it was unneces- sarily harrassing to the small force under his command, and he felt sure that the runaways would return or else perish by starvation. A week after this fruitless expedition one of Buckley's companions sur- rendered himself at the camp, after having (according to his own account) accompanied his fellow fugitives almost around Port Phillip—a distance of one hundred miles. He brought back the stolen gun with him, and stated that he had subsisted almost entirely on shell-fish and gum. The last days of the settlement were now drawing nigh. Lieut. Col. Collins had never liked Port Phillip. He had pitched upon probably the worst spot upon its shores, and although he had sent out many exploring parties these had performed their duties in so very perfunctory a manner that no practical good came of them. It is true that he was told of the existence of a large stream (now called the Yarra) at the head of the bay, but this he considered to be too far away from, the entrance. Collins seemed to have had an extreme dread of the natives, and they were reported to be very numerous and ferocious around about the northern shores. The small body of troops at his command were scarcely sufficient to keep his unruly charges in check, and he deemed it too great a risk to venture further from the open sea to a place where he would in all likelihood have a large body of black foes to contend with. Excessive prudence seems to have been a very noticeable feature of Col- lins's character. To us looking back over the past, and knowing what has been done by but poorly equipped later comers, his cautious conduct may be said to have amounted to timidity, and quite unworthy of the leader of a colonizing expedition. Within a month after landing he was already seeking to quit Port Phillip. He had an idea that Van Diemen's Land would be superior both from a commercial and a military point of view. The following quotation from a despatch to Governor King clearly conveys his opinion of Port Phillip. He writes:— "I am well aware that a removal hence must be attended with much difficulty and loss; but, upon every possible view of my situation, I do not see any advantage that could be thereby attained, nor that by staying here I can at all answer the intentions of the Government in sending hither a colonial establishment. The bay itself, when viewed in commercial light, is wholly unfit for any such purpose, being situ- ated in a deep and dangerous bight, between Cape Albany Otway and Point Schanck, to enter which must ever require a well manned and well found of tide, for the ebb runs out at the rapid rate of from five to seven knots an hour, as was experienced by the store-ship. The Calcutta had fortu- nately a fair wind, and the tide of flood when she came in, and she experienced a very great indraught, which had brought her during the night much nearer than she expected. With a gale of wind upon the coast and well in between the two above-mentioned points, a ship would be in imminent risk of danger." He writes further under date 14th November 1803 to Lord Hobart, the Secretary of State, as follows:— "I regret that I have not a better report to make to your lordship of the probable success of an expedition equipped under your lordship's auspices with a liberality that inspired every one concerned in the undertaking with the most sanguine hopes of success. You may rest assured that what is possible shall be done by me to ensure it, if it should be Governor King's opinion that I am to remain here. I have suggested to that gentleman in a private letter which I wrote to him, that Port Dalrymple, on the northern side of Van Diemen's Land, appears to possess those requisites for a settlement in which this very extensive harbour is so wholly deficient. Every day's ex- perience convinces me that it cannot, nor ever will be, resorted to by specu- lative men. The boat that I sent to Port Jackson was three days lying at the mouth of the harbour before she could get out, owing to a swell occa- sioned by the wind meeting the strong tide of ebb. A ship would undoubtedly find less difficulty, but she must go out at the top of the tide and with a lead- ing wind, which is not to be met with every day. When all the disadvan- tages attending this bay are publicly known, it cannot be supposed that commercial people will be very desirous of visiting Port Phillip." He was vested with discretionary power to remove the settlement if he considered the site unfit, and he resolved to communicate with Governor King at Port Jackson in order to find whether any port likely to be suitable for a colony had been discovered along the south coast of Australia. It was, however, a difficult matter to convey his despatch, as the Calcutta was wanted in the bay, and the trans- port Ocean having completed her charter could not be utilised without additional expense to the government. In this emergency a cousin and name- sake of the Lieutenant Governor gallantly volunteered to make the voyage to Sydney in an open boat. His offer was gladly accepted, and he started with a crew of six convicts upon what turned out to be a most tempestuous and perilous voyage. After nine days buffeting of wind and wave, he and his plucky crew arrived within 60 miles of Sydney heads, when they were overtaken by the Ocean, which took them on board and carried them on to their destination. The des- patches were duly delivered, and Governor King thus received the first intimation of the arrival of the ex- pedition within the boundaries of his extensive dominions. Governor King concurred with his coadjutor Collins, as to the advisability of removing the settlement to the island of Van Diemen's Land. Should the French attempt to form a colony in the neighbourhood he thought that they would more likely select that island than the mainland. He accord- ingly re-chartered the Ocean to assist Collins in the removal of his establish- ment across the water from Port Phillip, either to Port Dalrymple on the northern coast, or to Storm Bay on the southern coast, whichever he preferred. The return of the Ocean on the 12th of December with Governor King's reply was therefore gladly welcomed. The agreeable news brought by it was, however, accompanied by the very dis- agreeable and disturbing intelligence that war was again raging between England and France. Captain Woodriff, of the Calcutta, on learning this, resolved, with the true patriotism characteristic of a British sailor, to leave the colony and bring his vessel within the fighting arena without any loss of time. Its depar- ture, less than a week afterwards; some- what inconvenienced the authorities of the settlement, and delayed arrange- ments for the removal; so that it was not till the end of January that the first shipload consisting of 120 convicts and 20 marines were taken on board the Ocean. After sailing through Port Phillip heads it took her twenty days to reach the river Derwent—truly a very tardy voyage. She left again on March the 22nd, and did not arrive at Port Phillip till April 17th, a voyage of almost a month. In three days the remainder of the establishment was embarked and again sail was set. This time, owing to the very tempestuous weather prevailing, the voyage occupied the long period of thirty-five days (more than is now taken to steam half way round the globe.) The very elements seem to have protested against the abandon- ment of the settlement. Thus the attempted colonization of Victoria was relinquished by our colonel of marines, and the native inhabitants were left for another generation to roam in the primeval solitudes of the pathless woods, or along the lonely beach of the sea-girt shore undisturbed by the un- ruly intrusion of the white invader. CHAPTER III. HAVING seen the last of our first colon- izers we will now return and follow the footsteps of William Buckley. That worthy and his three companions kept close together and made rapid progress in their flight through the bush. Fear lent them wings, and by the morning a considerable space had been placed between themselves and their late prison home. They then slackened their speed, feeling now very little ap- prehension of being pursued and re- taken, as it was not customary for Gov- ernor Collins to prosecute a search to any such distance as they had by this time reached. However, to make as- surance doubly sure, they continued on till the shades of evening began to fall, when coming to a small creek they concealed themselves within a clump of tangled bushes and lay down thoroughly fagged. They slumbered till daybreak. On awaking they felt much refreshed and relieved to find that they had not been disturbed during the night. They then unpacked their provisions, and ate a hearty breakfast. How to reach Syd- ney was the next question for consider- ation. Their instincts urged them to seek the haunts of fellow white men, and at Sydney they thought they would be able to mingle unobserved with the general population, and perhaps be en- abled to earn a living as free men or mayhap in time escape the country al- together and return to old England once more. The creek on the bank of which they had slept now barred their progress. They travelled along it some distance seeking a suitable crossing place, but could not find one. A number of natives suddenly appeared a little dis- stance off, completely blocking the way, and causing a fearful dread in the minds of the not over courageous con- victs. The blackfellows advancing to- wards them warily with spears poised and boomerangs ready for throwing, looked formidable indeed, but they were really as frightened of the un- known trespassers on their domains as our runaways were afraid of them, so that when Buckley discharged his gun they all made off with a terrified howl into the inner recesses of the woods. Much relieved at this unexpected re- treat of their black foes, the convicts determined to cross the creek without more ado. One of their number had enough of this perilous liberty, and re- fused to go any further. He therefore took the gun and began to retrace his steps. In spite of his faint heartedness the others were not deterred. Buckley being a splendid swimmer stripped and jumped into the water, and helped each of his companions over separately, and then returned for their clothes and the provisions. A cumbrous iron pot or kettle which had been carried by the party all along, was here thrown into the scrub, being no longer of any use to them, as they had eaten the provisions with which it had been filled, and they possessed no tea (that prime necessity to every true bushman nowadays.) Buckley mentions in his autobiography that this pot was picked up 32 years after by a party of men who were clearing ground for agricultural purposes. To be continued. 