NOTES OF THE DAY. "I must, have liberty Withal, as large a charter as the wind, To blow on whom 1 please." —AS YOU LIKE IT. Now that the principal occasion of the Austra lian year Is over, the public mind will he com pelled to interest itself with minor matters. There Is cricket, of course, but. that doesn't ap peal so forcibly to so many, and lots of people win cnoose to put in their time at mere business pursuits until November comes round again. Some will make shift with the comparatively mild excitement of politics, of mining specula tion, or of keeping the wolf from the door with a pick and shovel, but tlioy will be conscious of the hollowness of it all. Cup Hay Is the event towards which the whole creation of Australia moves, and tho near approach of it sways sober men from their accustomed orbit just as the up- pronehiug team of comets and bran new slurs is exrected by some astronomical tipsters to make the earth deviate from her path awhile. No ono who has had ears to hear during the past few weeks could fall to note the deepening turflness of public conversation, and the universality of knowledge about morning gallops, and the stato of the betting market. Here Is an extract from the report of a Full Court case which appeared in print yesterday. The jury had found for the defendant, and an application for a new trial was based upon tho ground that six witnesses had supported the euse for the prosecution. "Mr. Justice Stephen: 'The whole weight of your ap plication Is ' 6 to 1.' The Chief Justice: 'Hitched by the jury.' After a brief discussion the learned counsel said, 'If your Honors tblnlc that six to one can't win, X have nothing further to say.' " Of course, this is only temporary, but It is very complete. The Full Court has probably recovered itself by this time, and recollected that the small hoys who play cards on the way to school in trains have been charged with conversing on similar general lines. For the time being tbo full force of the national gambling mania will ease -oft', and the police will remember the pltch- and-toss players, and erect their secret ladders against the third storey window of the pagan's pak-a-pu establishment. The usual course is to he followed la the case of M. Andree, who started In July lust to reach the North Pole by balloon. They are tilting out an expedition to go in search of him. And after the expedition has duly started aud a reasonable time has elapsed for the fixing up of finances, they will probably fit out another expedition to go after it. Beyond that there is the prospect of ex peditions upon expeditions, ntosl of which will at least bring back relics, and succeed in making a number of exceedingly valuable observations. Ill this mutter of observations the Polar adventurer appears to have a great advatitaugc over every other person who penetrates into unknown places. The public, cannot have the value of his alleged discoveries audited, and he may safely make it pretty high, after the manner of a land owner who hopes to sell to tlio Government. If a Polar expedition gets iced over and famined In for a year or two, and sits wrapped in six thick nesses of furs playing poker. It is probable that some useful discoveries would he made. Tho members having their attention concentrated on the matter iu hand rhould como buck to civi lisation with some entirely new wrinkles, and might lie able to throw some light, on how to cut und deal while wearing walrus hide gloves. But this knowledge they selfishly keep dark, and just reel off to the paying public a lot or bald assertions about having something up their sleeves that will put fresh backbone into the science of meteorology. Polar exploration never showed the ghost of a promise of becoming dividend-paying. Klondyke Is bad enough in this respect, according to some accounts, but the North Pole district Is a rank duffer. The big robbery of diamonds which took place iu London the other day seems to prove that to sulllelently daring dishonesty neatly any tiling is possible. Diamonds are naturally regarded as tlrj most desirable of all forms of other people's property to obtain without equivalent considera tion. They are not of much use to persons who do nut know Lite ropes In the matter of their disposal, but the operators who go in for this class of fraud generally do know the ropes thoroughly, and have little trouble about get ting a fair tiling for any haul they make. There fore, anybody who has a large stock of diamonds generally takes such precautions us would render tbc-ir loss by burglary impossible. And the Diamond Merchants' Alliance should he expect ed to know all there Is on the subject. Ono might as reasonably look for the intelligence that the strong rooms or tho Bank of England had been looted as that their premises had been entered and jewels to the value of £10,000 sto len. Such an exploit us that. If there were not collusion with some of those iu charge, must have been carried out on new lines, the details of which will he awaited with Interest by many a professional wieliler of the jemmy. Finesse rather than force Is the method usually resorted to by those who covet their neighbors' diamonds, and make up their minds to risk it. Some brilliant examples of this have been furnished by South Africa, but London some years sup plied what is probably tho best Illustration of a happy practical combination of both principles. In the full blaze of noon— or the fullest approach to a full blaze which noon can get up over there — and while the footpath was alive with people, a man smashed the show window of a great jew. ellery establishment and grabbed a couple of magnificent tiaras. Instantly two policemen grabbed him, assisted by a heavy swell who was at' hand. He was handcuffed and hustled into a passing cab, with the property lit his possession. Then the police, ordering tho owner to follow to the station to lay tho charge, drovo off, and thut was tho last ever seen of them or of their pri soner. or the cabman, or the heavy swell, or the plunder. "We have no history, no heroes, no battle fields, no martyrs, no traditions or monuments, or relics of the past." the Brisbane "Courier" complains. "Patriotism Itself, the child of reve rence. has to come to birth In a new country. There is nothing for It but to look up to tho stars and to God." After all, that Isn't such a bad substitute for some of the tilings aud people that our forefathers have looked up to. Moss- grown ruins and moss- grown history have their points, of course, but there isn't much In either of them which grown-up people should need as a stimulus to any particular line of action. Without a clear consciousness of having had a forefather who came over with the Conqueror, or who chopped up somebody who did so como over, pretty well every Australian youth eau bo depended on to hit back if anybody trios to land him one, and that is quite us much as ha should be expected to do. It is a poor kind of patriot ism that must get half drunk with memories or what Its luail-clad ancestors were supposed to have done, before It will put up Its hands or go outside. And there are quite enough occasions for ill-will and disagreement in everyday life without hunting for them In the pages of du bious history- If the records of tho glorious events which took place In the neighborhood of Boyno Water a good while ago bad been de stroyed and forgotten, thousands of decent peo ple In various parts of the world would behave towards each other on the Twelfth of July just as rationally as they do all the rest of the year. As for revorence of things just because they have bad ivy and owls associated with tb'om for a few centuries, it Is just as likely to be Ig norant and vicious custom as not. NIEMLAND. . 