. NEWS AND NOTES ISA NUTSHELL. ' THE BUSY MAN'S .COLUMN/ Fighting rontlniH'S In the KubL Honors cns.v hot ween the Turks. nnd Greek guerillas. , Good news from India. l'iuguc de- Creasing, a ml' natives returning to Bom- toijv . . ! . Effects or famine In India becoming less severe. .Large numbers' of relief .workers returnliig koine. , Turks' drive tlie Greeks. over tl'iu fron tier from Kranla, killing 30, and the Greeks kill. forty'Tnrks iit Ualtlno. Bogus collection for the .Queen's Shil ling Filial abroad. 'Tlie genuine collect- lug cards described in another column. By (Jaunt's instruments at noon to- dny'the readings were:— Barometer, 30. 140, falling; thenuometer, in the sun, 108; shade, U7. ' 'The' holiday spirit. fairly abroad to day, the principal business in 'the. city uud'subnrbs being the. consideration of what to tlo or .where to go. '' Tlie Bishop of Newcastle is a passen ger from Syduey to London' by the lt.M.S. Bnllmirut, which arrived from the former place UifsTuoruiug. The Bishop goes home to attend the Lambeth Con ference." . Accordlug to the current' number of the "Police Gazette' there is a brisk business In petty larcenies ami house breaking. - A steady .decline lias, how ever, taken place in wife desertion. Tlie property lost is considerable, and tlie property found lutlnltoslmol. Portrait (from u,Tainm photo) of 'the Into Mr A. Anderson, M.L.A, for Kara Kuril, In tlie "Weekly (Tlnies." Among other illustrations hitfvou capital pic tures- from pliptp.'/'ikeu by Wall Hros.-ut the eycliuports tit St. Kllda laftt. Saturday. . < , The most reeeut, invader into nmti's province is Miss Carey,, who lias lately entered herself as a student at the Vet erinary College in, KrfjnswIcU street, Pitzroy. -.Said not to be, it Jady 'veterin ary surgeon in thq.Brjtlsi Homiiiloiis. An interesting eliat ( villi, tlie fair sin- deut repotted on Page. 2. . The complete detiicluiu/nt of tlie Vic torian Mounted Hides, wlileli leaves for Kngland shortly, to take part In tlie Queeu's Dlamoud.Jtihllee Celelinitlons. Is depicted froin?a".,pliolognipli i>y Mr It. Hurvie. in the .'WVijekly Times" this week. Tl>ere artt uJsn eyeral effective pictures of scenes ut OrlMisi and tlie Bemin, in Eastern Uippsland. . Wliere to go and wluft to do are Eas tertide (pierles. 'iloiiday makers who want to pass an hour or two of their spare time with pleasant reading mat ter arc provided with some capital llgkt fiction in. "The Weekly . Times" tlilH week. There is a woli-wrltton ' and touching complete tale, "Tlie Htory of a Secret," and another short story with thu title of "My Lottery Wife." There are readers of " The Herald" \yho will still remember tlie 'sensation caused Home yours. .ago by publication in these columns of n certain ghostly narrative by n resident of Melbourne, which greatly exercised the spiritualis tic circles of the metropolis. The "Week ly Times" Uiis week seeks to liven up Kastertlde, by quoting a remarkable ar ticle.' entitled "Glimpses from Slmdow- laud," which ' deals at large with the . tft'nd uhd' exploits of gliosts. ' There is t a stmngo story told about a suiK'ruatu- rnl .warning, nnd on explanation Ik ventiireiVuB to why ghosts walk. If ever they do. The next thlug our contem porary should do Is to Initiate ti gene ral correspondence ou "Ghosts 1 have Geen and ghosts I hnvo hoard about." By the ,way. a Parisian paper declares Hint, tho ghost, of Queen Elizabeth Is haunting Windsor Castle. . Hot- cross buns to-morrow. Young Australia not likely to forgot. " Gue open Column" for lutiers on various subjects is on Page A to-day, in stead of Page 3, as usual. Conference between Newcastle engi neers and sldp builders ban, so far.' full ed to arrive at a selitemeui. fnsklllod labor Is tlie.rock on which they split. No .Stock Exchange quotation tliis nrternoon. After tlie noon "Change there was an adjournment over the Easter holidays. Business will he-re sumed on Thursday, 2gud lust. Melbourne sixty years old. Us dia mond anniverhnry to-morrow. Some Interesting particulars from Gurry- owen's valuable work, 'I'luiJlirotdcles of Early Mi'Ukui -/Aige. Sumo iuteresti - ... s f' :!- iivctiou with the i csr" yuiC "ofnifo Fwl- enil Coiiveutioii on .the powe'r to . be given the Semite in coimeetloii with ,tnx- atiimUilU- giVtULtutlie IeTerWnrjq»V-i c!nl correspondent published to-day. . Tin; youtli William IMitlllps.ivhen told by Cnptnln Rurruwek of the eommuta-. lion of ids sentence, with the remark,- that It "ineaht twenty years, at least." merely wild. "Tlmnk you." He has not yet been told that it .means " for life." '' Tlie general prospect of the wea ther for the Easter holidays Is "I'liseuled, with northerly': winds, with oeensioiml ruin, not unlikely in tlie soui Item districts, ti licit lit the northern districts. Mr Barueelil Is of opinluu ,that. ufter midday ou Saiurdny, ' ilie wi»atlier will get liner. . \ ; ? - i Victoria iKiasts of more than iine.'cim- tenariau. Mrs Taylor, of Rhymney; whose jsirtralt, with klioHc of litT soil', daughter. .and grnhdson: h ppen'its' jii tiio "Weekly Times," Is a. hate and' hoariy. old dame, who elaims tu be over'thu hundivd. tin behaif 'or himself and iiis wife-fpr whoiii pity will he.unlversiilJy felt—tin; father of the lad Phillips thanks those wlio aided in getting up a petition " or otherwise assisted lit having tlie death sentence commuted/ as weil as tliose wlio have expressed llielr syinpatiiv. Ills letter ou Page 2. : Tite police aelinowledgcd to-day In the City Court- that a elmrgu of vng- fancy liad heeu praferred against a young woman chlelly to secure lier nt- temhme'e lis a witness In.'u ease to lie heard. Mr I'antou, P.M., on lieiug in formed of this, promptly ordered that she should be discharged. A case In the County Court this morn: Ing involved a inost interesting point of law as to. tlie llubllity of lnmllord or teuunl ln the eveut of tlie fall of u rubi ous building indicting injury ou a third party. Fortunately for itii parties to ihe action/though unfortunately, for the general public, a settlement was arrived at in court by agreement, to- pay IATi damages.- so the point was not argued or decided.-. . ' "It 'nilgliV bd"w6U fur defendants 'til know, that a letter will not be taken by n court In Its civil Jurisdiction ns equiv alent to nu iippcarnnce. At the District Court t onlay a cyclist, charged with an offence ngalnst the city bye-laws, seat a'. letter to. tlie lteneli nsltlng to lie ex cused for not attending, as lie could not leave ids business. Mr Nlcolson, -P.M., said they would have lo treat him as if lie did not appear,' and Hue him accord ingly. Tlie penalty wiis then increased by 2s (Id, In all 7h (Id. , ' ; ' ' ; Usually when a death sentence is commuted to iifc" Imprisonment, tlie prisoner is brought under the.gaol, regu lations. wlik-h allow of his lll>erntlou if well conducted hi 20 years. An old nmn would, under tlie Carlisle tables, Im» re- 1eas(d sooner, lu tlie'etise of Phlilips, however, the Executive, on the Cabi net's recommendation, expressly jlecid- ed tlmt he sliould not have tlie benefit of tlie regulations, but should be Impris oned for the term of bis natural life. Captain Evans has been Insiructcd ac cordingly. The Minister of Agriculture was nsk- ed lo-day what be thought of Urn sug-. gestions of Mr AV. P. Beeves, the New Zealand Agent-Geneiiil, In a. letter to llio Isyndou "Times," tlmt h Uoyal Coinuilsslon sliould be appointed by tho British Government to enquire into the quality of meats imported Into Great Britain? Mr Tavcrner said that in view of the fact that full opportunity would be afforded representatives of tlie colonies to give evidence .before the Select Committee of the House of Com mons on Ihe Murks Bill, lie did not see tlie necessity for a Commission.. Ills Excellency tlie Governor will at tend the luncheon In connection with tlie Eight Hours Day celebrations on Saturday afternoon, and in tlie evening of that day will leave In his ynclit the Sunbeam, for Queenscliff, In order to pay a visit to tlie Garrison Artillery camp on Easier Sunday. Ou .Monday Lord Bpuscy will visit LiitUTwurrlii F.tu eamptneiit, going around to Fraukston in the Sunbeam. Ou Monday week, the 2<U!i Ins!., ids Excellency and lauly llrassey will probably leave for Syd ney, anil remain there for a week as the guests of Lord and latdy Hampden. At the Nortli Mclbouruo Court this morning Patrick Corrigan was charged witli using premise's situated at 32 Errol street for the purposes of betting. The information was laid by Detective Glee- son. Mr Meagher appeared for the in formant, nnd Mr Gaunsou for tlie de fendant. Tlie latter raised an objection to thu wording of . tlie information. Then was a discrepancy between tlie dates, nnd, after some legal arguments, the case was adjourned until the 2tUh Inst. ... J 