QUEEN ELIZABETH'S GHOST. ALLEGED TO HAVE BEEN SEEN AT WINDSOR CASTLE. A remarkable story is published in tlie "Daily Mail" of 9tli February, to the effect that Lieutenant A. St. Leger Glyu, 3rd Battalion Greradier Guards, has seen Queen Elizabeth's ghost in the library at W ludsor Castle. The following statement was made by the Lieutenant's mother, the Hon. Airs. Carr Glyn, to the " Mail" investigator : — " It is perfectly true that; my soil has wit nessed something abnormal. He was, he tells me. sittinv in the librarv of Windsor Uastie reading a book— "The History of Dorsetshire, to be exact. As he read, he became aware of someone passiug in the inner library. Ho looked up and saw a female figure in black, with blask lace on the head, falling on co the shoulders. The figure passed across the library towards a corner which was ouc of view as my on sat, and ho did not lake much notice, thinking it was somebody reading in the inner room. ji,ja was just upon 4 in the afternoon, and an attendant soon after came up t3 close the place. My son asked iviio the lady was who was at work in the inner room, and the attendant replied that no one else was in the library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before walked across the inner room. ' Then where could she be !' asked the at tendant, having ascertained that nobody was in the inner room. ' She must have gone out of a door in the corner,' said my son, indicating a corner to which the figure had passed. ' Bnt there is no door,' said the attendant. My son said nothing about this incident, and did not think much about it, I understand, until Mr. Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, tlio attendant having mentioned the mat ter :o Mr. Holmes. Asked by Mr. Holmes to desoribc the figure he had seen, my eon did so, and Mr. Holmes replied that my son had seen the apparition of Queen Eliza- bath. Mr. Holmes added there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieutenant Glyn was tho first man in our time who had seen it. Th6 Dean of Windsor also asked my son about it, and several mombers of the Royal family have interviewed him on the sub ject. As for Mr. Holmes, I am given to understand that he has spent nights and days in the library since, in the hopes of being vouchsafed a visitation." Tho Hon. Sydney Carr Glyn, the fa- mous urimean veteran, anct rattier oi -lieu tenant Glyn, here entered the room, and upon learning of the topic under discus sion, said ; — "If my son says ho has seen anything, you may take it from U3 that he has seen it. He i3 a fresh, honest English boy, ouly a subaltern, but fond of field sports, like most guardsmen, and, unlike some guardsmen, fond of reading. Ho wouldn't exaggerate anything a hair's breuith." Both the Hon. and Mrs. Carr Glyn gave permission for the publication of this statement by their son, subject to the sanction of Lieutenant Glyn. On Sunday night a telegram was despatched to Lieu tenant Glyn soliciting leave to give the s t-> i y on his own authority, and yesterday morning caniu the answer : " Certainly, if you like. — Glyn, Grenadier., Islay." 'The representative of the " Daily Mail" next saw Mr. 11. R. Holmes, F.S.A., the librarian of the Castle, and writes : Mr. Holmes conducted ma to the scene of the alleged apparition. He pointed out tho chair occupied by Mr. Glyn, which stands oil tin: east side of the first room, and I seated myself iti it. Immediately before mo w;i3 a large globe, looking past which a few steps lead up into a gallery, the sides of which are lined with books. On the south si do of the gallery — which was built by Qncen Elizibeth, and used by her as a picture gallery in which she was accus tom; d to walk, and where she devised, or reflected upon, those masterpieces of state craft which have made licr reputation what it ii — 3tand3 it line chimney-piece, over which a bust of the " Virgin Queen" looks down somewhat severely upon the spot where her shade has been so recently seen. Mr. Holmes says that this gallery lias had the reputation of being hauutod by the ghost of Queen Elizabeth from time out of memory. His own recollection of the story dates frotn 27 years ago, and ho has been in the habit of spending liallowo en in tho gallery for several years in the hope of encountering her deceased Majesty. He had heard some rutrnnr to the effect that the Empress Frederick had, when a child, seen an apparition in the gallery, and on her visiting Windsor next week hopes to secure soino corroboration or denial of the rumour. Mu.vwa Police Court. — At this court on Friday, before Mr. Dobbin, P.M., and Messrs. Lloyd, Oarmody and Wolsten- holme, J's.P., rabbit cases were tried against Messrs. Ivan Von Lantay and McGregor. Minimum penalty was in- (llfiod — L""> with £1 19s. costs. Mr. T. Graham, solioitnr, appeared for tlie de fendants. Superintendent Irwin pro ceeded against Mrs. M. Connors, licensee of the Red Lion Hotel, for having tlie bar door open within prohibited hours and for allowing disorderly persons to remain on her licensed promises. Both nflences were allc«cd to have been committed on the night following tho annual races at Tarra- wiiigee. Mr. Graham, instructed by Messrs. Duffy, King and Ahem, appeared for defendant, and after hearing evidence and counsel, the Inspector withdraw the second charge, and the Bench in considera tion of the good previous record of Mrs. Connors for 1 4 years inflicted the minimum penalty of £5. Several young men had been summoned for disorderly behavior on tlie occasion referred to. Mr. Graham who appeared for the defence contended that the nearest court to Tarrawingce was at El Dorado, and the cases should, there fore, have been heard there ; and also, i.L.,4. 41 BiiwaniAiiL'im il i/1 niaf ilic/alncD on LIlilL LIIU V1»».A nut uiovivoe »»» offence. The Superintendent said he was not anxious, in the circumstances, to argue the cases, and lie withdrew the summonses. A claim for rates made by the Oxley Shire Council against A. L McGavin was dismissed. Mr. Graham appeared for the defence. Several cases for shooting on Sunday were withdrawn by the police on defendants agreeing to par £1 each into the poor box. \V A NO Alt ATT a SoAI' WORKS AND the Tariff. — One of the most successful manufactories in Wangaratta is Messrs. Kitchen and Sons' Soap Factory. When the tariff was put on in New South Wales the trade with Albury and other towns over the Border lnd to bo relinquished. This was a loss to Messrs. Kitchen and Sons, but the North-Eastern trade was quite sufficient to maintain a steady in crease of business. Now that the duties have been removed at tlie Border — under Mi-. Reid's freetrado policy — Mr. Carwar- dine, tlie Wangaratta manager, will be able to resume the business in that and other New South Wales towns. This will be done although much of the tallow used in soap making is brought here from Al bury, and freight of the soap back adds to 4-lw nnsifc TImy \Vrm«v;iv;ithi f;irtorv now several soap -making firms in Albury to compete against. Another branch of the Wangaratta Soap Factory is the manu facture of soda crystals, for cleansing pur poses. The butter factories use large quantities. The excellence of the soap made in this factory— for which the best tallow of the New South Wales boiling down works is used — no doubt accounts for the steady increase in business there, combined with careful management and the failure of many of our local ventures ; but the Soap Factory has out-lived them all. LU «V bUlltiU fl UlCtlV Wt OUIUUU workmen, and the traffic in cartage, rail way freights, casks, and boxes, wood, tallow, etc., means the distribution in the town and district of a good round sum throughtoub the year. — " Chronicle." An Editor Horsewhipped. — Mr. Kerr- editor of the "Cobdcn Times," was pub, licly horsewhipped by Mr. Muntz, shire engineer, during a cricket match on the Oobden ground on Saturday7, for a per sonal article published in that day's issue of his paper. 