MiSSA JEAN ; 01?, THE HOUSE OF THE INK SPOT. A STORY OF THE SOUTHERN STATES OF AMERICA. I was lying stretched at full length on ilie long sofa in ibo library. It was a drowsy afternoon in spring, as I baxl been asleep. Even after I awakened the sweet drowsiness of slumber was on nie. uiiu i lay ior some time wiui closed lids in tbat thoughtless, dreamless state between sleep and waking. Suddenly I became aware of a presence in the room, and opened my eyes, existing to see my aunt. Instead I saw a ilasli of black before my eyes, a flash that shimmered and -<p.ia vered like super heated air and disappeared, while I was blinking my eyes to see what it all meant, but I was alone in Che .room. The thing gave me a queer sensation, and I lay quite still for some minutes, shutt ing and opening my . eyes to see If the black flash reappeared. But it did not; there was only a sort of tired feeling back of my eyes. "Malaria," i said resignedly, and I went to look for Amelia, to get her to make me a lemonade. ' I found the little maid watering the flowers down in the paved court. I leaned over the bannister witb my face in my hands, lazily watching hei swiib. the dusty aloe, her deft little hands glistening like copper where the sun touched their wet brown lingers. "Do you believe in gbosts, Amelia?" I asked wearily. ! "Ob. yes, niamzelle." add the little maid iu her pretty French, as she turned her seared brown face up to look' at me. "Dou't you?" "Of course not," I answered, "but I"m thirsty. Amelia." Then she flickered the water from her coppery fingers and went away to mix me the cool drink of lemon and lime juic-c which no one could make so well. When the little maid was gone, Aunt 'Cilia poked her big wiiite kerchiefed head from her kitchen door, nodded at me a moment, and then-came toiling up the steps. " You been sleep in de lib'ry, ain't you, honey?" she said, when she had waddled quite close to ine. . "Yes," 1 answered, wonderingly. . _ "Das a mighty po' place to. sleep," chile," she said. "Why, A.unt 'Cilia?" I asked. "'Cause 'tis," she answered, laconieallyj- nodding her head backward toward Amelia, who was coming up' the steps behind her. " I's jess tellin' mamzelle she better; niek yon git de feather duster and bresb! de'dust offi'n dem liananas and dat paltn! 'fo you sprinkles 'em, 'Melia," said the old woman, as she waddled away. "All right, Aunt 'Cilia," said the lit tle maid, as she left me to my lemonade and to wondering what the pjd. yyomaR' mean,' " But whatever she meflnslije would no? tell me, Oi: toys, in the eagerness of my thoroughly aroused curiosity, I Lsou«ht the old woman, and finally of fered to bribe her If she would tell, till it last the poor old thing threw herself down on her knees at my feet. "Don't met me tell you, honey chile," .ii« «aid " 'Tain't nothin' gwine to hurt "ou- ef dere wan I'd tell you ef it kill me ' But 'tain't nothin' 'tall gwine hurt you only I done been «nJ«wd> an' ef I tell de hoodoo would git me. 'Fo' Gawd das de truth, honey," and there were tears rolling down the old wo man's black cheeks. Of course this served to excite my fancy all the more concerning the shim mering black spot in the library, and in the meantime I had a second experience of it. It was much the some 6ort of ex perience as the first,exeept that I had not hecn asleep. I simply lay down on the Bofa and closed my eyes, opening them suddenly, when the black spot shim mered and danced and was gone. I had told my aunt upon the first day of our possession that the house we took was worthy to be haunted. I have always wondered why my aunt selected It. it was, in many respects, the least prepossessing of any that the agent showed us, yet, to he sure, it had a grandeur about it, a sort of stately, stuccoed, Creole grandeur that was al together charming in our eyes that be held New Orleans for the first time. But the house was plain, aud tall and straight and square; there were no quips aud cranks about its appearance on the outside, though the interior was all that the most fanciful heart could wish. There was an open court, with a rusty- throated fountain in the centre, and 'a scraggy, scaly palm that clam bered against one of the brick pillars quite to the upper gallery; there were narrow corridors, winding stairways and sliding panels which let upon niches and closets that were empty enough in reality, hut which, to my awakened fancy, became teeming with suggestions of ghosts and romance. My aunt said she selected the house because of its location, because from the upper balcony she could see the old Cathedral, and lower down the ship ping at the Wharf, the big smoke-puff- lug streamers, aud even the red sails of the tiny fishing smacks showing their bright flare of color on the breast of the dull water. It was a location worth one's choosing, a location where one could overlook queer corrugated, tile- covored roofs, cool, shaded, paved courts and narrow cobbled streets; a lo cation where one could hear the sweet, low speech of gentle Creole tongues from morning until night, and dream all sorts of romances. I frankly confess that the ghostly spot !n the library set me to thinking that romances may be much better dreamed than realised, particularly as I could not speak to my aunt about it. We had come South for her health, and it be came my constant care to keep her from knowing about the spot. Nevertheless, I set myself to find out .what it meant. I rummaged all over the house, in every crack and corner, and found many secret closets and hid den springs that I had hitherto been ig norant of. But beside these not a scrap of manuscript, nothing to tell of any former history of the house or of in habitants. One day, however, when I had about concluded my efforts would he in vain, Amelia was helping m© to arrange some books and magazines in the big , empty wall- case in the library. Suddenly the little maid let fall a heavy volume. The book had slipped from a pile which she was attempting to lay on the shelf, and striking heavily against the back of the case, opened a secret door therein concealed, and dropped with, a sort of broken fall into the niche behind, it is needless to say I lost no time in searching amid the dust and cobwebs of the little closet, where I found two small oil pictures and a little plaster bust. With eager hands I brush ed the dust from the pictures, and, tak ing them to the light, found one to be the portrait of a delicate, sweet-faced boy with timid blue eyes and fair bair. Across the back of the canvas was written: "Jean, aged 10 years." The other picture was of a lad seem- jngl.v 15 or 10 years of age, a naudsoine, black-haired, black-eyed boy Whose expression I did not like. The plaster cast was the head of a grin- nmS Faun, so stained and dust-covered ?.s be scarcely recognisable. Beside the dust and grime, the Faun was fur- toer | disfigured by & crack but poorly patched, running entirely around the bead, cleaving the right cheek, and panting downward through the mouth, dashed squarely across the face, so that it spattered both eyes, was a hideous black ink spot ? .7ei'e at test was a clue to the mys tery, but what it would lead to I could ®Vea conjecture. Was it the shim- f . S black spot that I had seen, so which darted across the uw 38 set in on the high traitor mantel between the two por- Kimrtr, Perhaps it was only a passing threshold Bomeone bad crossed the jj-wdmissy, honey, wharbouts yoil git d"em things?" said Aunt 'Cilia; as she entered. "Better put 'cm back whar dey come fm, honey, better put 'em back." I By this time the old woman had | reached the fireplace, and stood looking . up at the pictures. I "Fo' li'll Massa Jean," she said ea- j ressingly, "po" li'll lamb." I "Who Is the other boy, Aunt 'Cilia?" I asked. "Da's Massa Pierre, missy, ol' mar ster's odder gran'son," the old woman answered hesitatingly. ."Jean's brother?" I asked. "No, no, missy," she 6aid quickly; "lie's li'll Jean's cousin." "Tell me about them." "Dere ain't much to tell, missy," she said slowly. "I wish dere was mo'. Dere ain't nothin' 'tall but jess dat de li'll boys uster live here wid ol' marster, an' den when ol' marster died, he lef" everyt'ing to Pierre an' po' li'll Jean nothin'." "How long ago has that been?" I asked. "Long ago," the old woman answer ed; "when de boys was li'll fellers, soon arter dose pictures was painted." "And what has become of the boys, Aunt 'Cilia?" "De Lawd only knows, boney," she said earnestly. "I wish I did. Massa Pierre, he went abroad, an' I 'spect he's livin' dere yet. It's him you rent de bouse from. He's got mo' houses here, too, what de same agent looks arter. But po' little Massa Jean, I wish I knowed where he is, po' lamb. I been try in' all dese years to fin' out. Ef I knowed " The old woman paused abruptly. "If you knew, Aunt 'Cilia," I sug gested, "what then?" "Nothin', honey, nothin'," remon strated the old woman hurriedly, as she left off caressing little Jean's pic ture and left the room. As the summer advanced it seemed to me that the flashing of the black spot in the library increased. Further, it began to follow me all over the house. I could not get away from seeing it by day or from dreaming of it by night, and it flashed back and forth from Pierre's bold, dark face to little Jean's pale one, and thence to the grinning Faun, till I felt at last as if it would run me wild if I could not solve its mystery. Positively the thing haunted, me. One day in late summer, with the little Amelia for company, I was walk ing along through a narrow street above Canal, "up town," as we had come to call it, following the fashion of our neighbors. It was hot and sultry, with not a breath of air to stir the dusty leaves that hung limp on the languorous trees. Suddenly, on the hot pavement before me, danced the black spot; then waving and skimming it rose and flashed before my eyes, blind ing me. I staggered and would bave fallen, but the little maid caught me. A moment later I was on the cool in side of the little shop before which ve had been passing, and a kind-faced, blue -eyed, white- haired old man was bending over me, feeling my pulse. "You became faint, is it not so, made moiselle?" he asked gently. "Yes; it is the heat, I think," I said. "Ah, yes, the heat, no doubt," he said with a smile, "and the malaria." He gave me something to drink, something that was very cool and very acid, and by and by he called a eab and handed me into it as tenderly as if I had been a child. I glanced back at him as he stood in the little office door, red read on the window beside the sign painted in gilt letters, "Doctor Jean." When I got home I was still very weak, so Amelia brought some pillows and propped me up on the leather couch in the library, because it was cooler there. Late iu the afternoon, when the sun crept around that way for a farewell touch, the little maid closed the blinds, drew back the red tapestry curtains, and fanned me to sleep. . . , I must have dozed for some time, for suddenly I awoke with a sense of hea viness and oppression. The black spot dashed before my eyes, then shim mered and danced across the room till it rested, like a scar, blood red, across the face of the Faun, which in another moment fell to the floor with a loud crash. , , I remember to have screamed and covered my face with my hands, and then I must have been unconscious for a long time. When I came to myself I was in my own room, and the white-haired old man from the little uptown office was bending over me. My aunt was there, too, smiling joyously to see me coming 'round again, and Aunt 'Cilia was turn ing the pillows, while the little maid fanned. , , "You are much better, mademoiselle, is it not so?" asked the old man in his soft French. "Have I been very ill?" I asked. "Yes, perhaps, mademoiselle." "Long?" "Three weeks." "And the black spot— do you know about it?" I asked "You told me while you were ill," the old man answered, "But it is gone now." " "Tell me about It," I said. "It is a long story, and mademoiselle is weak," he said, gently. "A story about two boys, Pierre and Jean, whose portraits you found in the little closet, and about a will that was bidden in the Faun's head, and which was not found till that day when you were taken ill." "I remember," I interrupted him. "The Faun's face was cleft with a blood-red scar." The old man smiled. "The Faun's head had been broken," he said, "and mended again with wax. The heat of the sun on that hot afternoon melted the wax and parted the old cleft. There are red curtains to the library, win dows, mademoiselle; doubtless, that ac counts for the blood-red scar as the cast fell In two before your excited gaze." "But the black spot?" I persisted. "I'd 'a' told you 'bout it befo', Missy, honey," said Aunt 'Cilia, "ef Massa Pierre hadn't 'a' hoodooed me. I know ed 'bout it, 'ca'se I was here 'fo' it started, an' I heard folks what lib here talk 'bout it eber sence. But Massa Pierre he hoodooed me, an' I's skeered to tell." "I dunno how come," the old woman went on, "but Massa Pierre was ol' marster's favorite. Look lack Massa Jean was too gentle an' good fer to please him," and Aunt 'Cilia turned her eyes humbly to the old white- haired man beside me in a way that set me thinking. "So ol' marster mek a will an' lef everything to Massa Pierre. Massa .Pierre he was alius bol' an' reckless, an' one day, when I went dere In de libr'ry to tek ol' marster a cup o' coffee, Massa Pierre was dere talkin' to him, an' axin' him fur money. An' some how 'nuther ol' marster wouldn't let him hab it, an' den Pierre got mad an' jerk up de big ink bottle an' dash it at marster's head. It hit him side de head, den glance an' strike 'g'inst dat what you call a Faun, on' splash in de face an' break it open. Den ol' marster riz up In his wrath an' he tell Massa Pierre dat he g'wine disinherit hhn, an' fur him to leave de house. 'Twam't long arter dat 'fo' ol' marster died, an' de very day of de funeral, dess as dey's takin' the corpse out, Massa Pierre cum walkin' out er de libr'ry, an' him been gone since the day marster -or dered him off. He had a paper in his han' an' look like he didn't want the folks to see him, 'case lie pulled me in de libr'ry an' shut de do' an' be nib a hoodoo bag on my face and gin me the paper an' tol' me ef I didn't 'stroy it my flesh would rot an' my bones would crumble. Den he rub me wid de hoodoo bag again, an' when I come to myself he's gone an' de folkses was all gone to de funeral. "So dat's when I eram de paper in de Faun's head an' got some wax an' stick it togedder an' put it away in de li'll closet to keep Massa Pierre I'm findia' it out. Presen'ly de lawyers come an' foun' de will where ol' marster left everything to Pierre, an' 60 he took it all an' went away, an' li'll Jean he was to have nothin', an' the lawyers sent liini off to his ma's kinsfolk, an' ol' Mammy 'Cilia what loved him so, she never heard no mo' f'm him, po" lamb." And again the old woman looked at the little man. "And the paper in the Faun's bead? ' I &sk6di; "Was the second will," explained the old man, "leaving everything to Jean." "And are you Jean?" I asked. "And I am Jean," he answered gent- i v "hnt T-mt most ero to sleeD now, mademoiselle." — "Philadelphia Times." 