A SYD XE Y MIRACLE. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. TUE INTERESTINU CASE OF ME. THOMAS "****nlABVisl wno SAYS THAT A FEW WEEKS ADO HBlkM|£CEtl'>'I.ED--l'AHTIALLYPAHALYSEDl ^""?JHHJ^O'FIIOM LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, AND HELPLESS. I tocios.", HOSPITAL AUTIIO BITIES, AND EVKK.Y ONE SAID HE MUST DIE AS His CASE WAS HOPELESS. BUT THEY «EUI: MISTAKEN. TO-DAY HE IS A NEW MAN, KULI, OK LIFE AND ENERGY, HIS CnxTCHKS HE HAS THROWN AWAY, HIS DEAD LINDI HAVE LIFE, ins AITETITB HAS RETCIINED, AND IN FAUT HE UAH A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OCT AND OUT. 1 So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts agaiu as they appeared in the Australian 'H'ortmnn a few weeks ago : One afternoon our representative made MB way to thc home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and bis face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said, " You want to know all about my case ! Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken aa I was." " How long were you suffering?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave my work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I waB badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since tho aocident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What wero the symptoms ?'' "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about BB much as I could hear. They were for all the world like a9 if a saw were cutting my bones iu two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and wes a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eui ur sleep. On thc 23rd of March last I eaw a well-known doctor, and be told ?ne that my caso waa utterly hopeless. How- ever, be gave me an order to.tho l.-irector of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make UBe of thc order?" "No ; I came home und went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question, of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac- terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move- ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might nover get the use of my legs. (Just then thc patient kicked his legB about with energy to show that medical opinion ia not infallible.) Well, just aa a drowning man will graspat a atraw, 1 gtasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure affected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in thu Australian Workman, by Dr. Williuraa'a Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which sremcd to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it waa magical. I waa able to cal and sleep aa though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. 1 have taken four boxes of Piuk Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with thc aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering myformci vigour and vitality. You see those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams'« Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and non-1 don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to dc without it. l'ou ece I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the bab) on her kuoes. " Dr. Williams's Pink Pili have saved his life, and made another mai of him." A friend who called in at this point, saic lliat Jarvis looked ten years younger that daj than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have i cold bath, and all the feeling bas come bael iu my leg«. If I keep au going the way I am 1 hope to be able lo resume work os a boiler maker, aud you know I have to bo iu thi very pink af health and strength to work a that trade. I am better to-day than I havi been at any time during the past five years I ascribe all tho change and benefit to thesi Piuk Pilla. They have aaved my life.' 1 an in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a nev man. On the mantelpiece there is a box o opium und morphia pills which the docto gave me to deaden tho excruciating pain But they can Blay where they are, for 1 ni longor need them. Everybody who know me has been amazed at thc change in inc They can hardly believe their eyes. My bein, about again baa caused quite a sensation ou herc." Such ia tho remarkable history, and cnn firms what is said in all the chief newspapet of this country of thc astonishing cure wrought by Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Fal People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partit paralysis, and spinal disease, also the man disorders which arise from an impoverishe state of the blood, Buch as anaemia, palo an sallow complexion, general muscular weal nesB, indigestion, IOSB of appetite, shortnei of breath, pains in thc back, nervous heat ache, &c.; These pills are a tonic, not a purgalivi They aro genuine only with tho full nam' Pr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People, at aro sold by chemists ond storekeepers gene alloy, or the Dr. Williams*« Medicine Con nany, Queen's Place, Sydney,-will forward < receipt of stamps or post order one box fi 2s. 9d., or half-dozen for 14s. Dd. 