Mother's Ship. {FOR CLAKK'S WKHKI.V.] IT was Isist Saturday afternoon on the Freinautle jetty. The " Kalgoorlie" had juist steamed away with her passengers for the East, and the hundreds of friends left behind were• waving their handkerchiefs at the departing steamer with the fond hope that the loved ones on hoard could pick the wavers out of the crowd and ajip eciate their individual signals of affection and good luck. One young fellow, howeve'', made never a movement. He was gazing out thoughtfully, aye s.adly over the expanse of water, but he looked at nothing in particular. Though several of his friends had juht left, for a «p»a ter of an hour at least, he seemed to forget altogether about the boat, till at last a great lump 1-osC in his tlioat and he woke to conscious life again as he gulped it, down. Then he shook his head with a weary movement, took m.e last look at the rapidly moling steamer, turned and waiked slowly along the quay hoine.vard. As lie walked on, a half-sigh escaped his lips, behind which were the thoughts,- t "All gone — the whole lot of em. 1 ni on my own altogether now. Just my luck." : Yes, he was friendless in VV.A. t en. All the pals he I ad come over with two years before, and who had lived together with him ever since they landed, had taken it into their betids to go home. Christmas was coming. They were sick for the old scenes. They piued for familiar faces. What place better than home Aye, home never to come back again '. They had asked him to go too, but he couldn't. He had been the unlucky one of the crowd and was poorer then than when he landed. He told them sn, an A the one with the great big kind heart— vou can find him in < very crowd -took an opportunity t> whispe in his ear— "It's all right, Jerry, old man, you come over with me." B.t Jerry wouldn't stand it. He couldn't bear the thought of c.eeping home without a shilling of his own in ) is pocket. The defeated mail of pluck is always prouder than the successful one. So it came about that lo saw t em oil" and was sad. And the thoughts of what might have been kept pricking him. Just a hit of luck and he would have been witli t ;etu. Just the hit ot luck that, somehow, he always seemed to miss. It had always been the same. In the stream of life Jerry had never been able to get out of the back-wash. He saw others go sailing iiaily past, saw others sink. He himself Tvas ever struggling in the throes of those whirling eddies whose suction is ever backward and down. But Jerry bhook himself clear of such thoughts, and 'by the time lie had taken his place in the railway carriage for Pe th he was day-dreaming of the right royal time the boys would have. As the trai|) moved off he went with them. He followed their actions on board—larked' with them—sang with them—drank with them : ah, what jolly times! Tnen he landed with them at Melbourne—good old Melbourne-—how he did feel at home ! They visited their old l 1 aunts— evelled in the old scenes— smiled in the old familiar faces—drank with the old f iends in the quiet suburban pubs. How glad everybody was to meet them, and what a welcome home ! "Home!" That woke him up again, and he shuddered slightly m he thought that HOME was ail for t^ein. He must wait a while longer. Ah ! that weary waiting. Then he le.iut hack in his carriage seat and closed liis eyes. His thoughts were Hying again now. He was with the boys visitiug their different houses for awhile. He saw them home as he had done in the old days, time after time. He said goodbye to the last and found ^iinself walking up the well remember d street to his own house. There was the turning by the store, then the houses with the pepper trees in f ont, then wore pepper trees and a double-fronted epfctage looking cheerily out of a garden patch. His hand sought the latch of the side-gate. It swung open and back with the wellleiiteinbeivd ban;. 1 . The cinders under his f et gave Ijrth the 'W.ne old "crunching" noise as he walked down the side- way. The second gate was opened ami shut, and the old In-own dog drew himself up on his chain and gave forth the same old deep-mouthed warni'ig, which, as he recognises the cntic '.•> "Hullo Mick,' is changed to a joyous whining and fawning. Then the little fox terrier, sea red an 1 worn with age and many battles, comes rushing out and jumps for his caress. She doesn't wait l »ug either, fo.* she heralds his way int • the house just a-i she used to herald his outing in tue old days. There; is a m tiueiita y vision of a mild-eyed old lady, the handshake of a brother and - " Can you oblige lite with a match hreiks in upon his thong its and the tableau has vanished. But that momentary vision of his mother was quite enough to set him tiinkiug. How she loved him -which was synonymous witii how he loved her How pleased she would be to see him ! iiow her pale iviinkled face would light u;i ! All and he sighed heavily Then he thought of her teuder ways, of he.- little idioiymrisies-and almost laughed as hi -i thoughts st uck childhood and he listened to lie/, open-mouthed, telling him o; the things he would have wiieii " her ship came home."' Ah, that ship ! He had listened to her talking of 1 ., . ,. . . o t tor twenty years ; but the luck of the family was like his luck -dead out. Other ships camJ mil went, or disappeared— wrecked. She newr got tidings of hers at all. Sjenud like a ph uitoin ship on an unknown sea. Vet she believed in it —had talked of it so lo -g she had probably come to acie;it it as a substantial fa.-t long, l ing a to. Hjr letters every now and then hid alladcd to it, but it seemed as far off a * eve', an I Je:Ty thought, as the t a n pu!led upafc Pe 'th a id he wi n led hi. way houiuwa d, ''the only ship she'll cwr get home will be w..ei my luck channel and I st ike it rich." Jerry had been going to strike it rich f »r many years now, but it hadn't come so fa •. He felt awfully lonely as he walked bask to his lodgings. How would he feel with strange - s in the room where he had had his own old pals I He dropped into a pub and had a "Johnny Woodser "—the first in his life \-- just to see how it went. The " here's luck " caine involuntaiily to IUH lips and he felt choking as he thought of it. lie didn't drink half. When he got outside a business man stopped him on the st -eet and asked him about " that little account." It \vas only £«, couldn't he let him have it." Only £<>, and three half-crowns was tae extent of Jerry's finances! Tiie business man threatened and left. Jerry walked on, taking c.ire to travel two blocks out of bis way in o.der lo dodge another "ghost"—auot'ie.' dun. He got "home" at last. The missus was waiting for him. Jerry owe J her money and she was in a had hunio .-. She did not forget to taunt him. The good payers had left—the tine fellows of his crowd had gone East and l:t't her the one who couldn't pay his way. That was always h >w things w^nt ; tie good ones ilways kept going. Sae was a fool to let the others g^t in debt at all. S.ie oii^ht to be hard-hearteJ like ob.ier people and throw theiu out. Vet Jerry Had oeen the means of tilling her house with boa. de. s. 1 Jut such is the gratitude of boarding-house keepers, ail 1 ne was foolish enough to hint it. Then there WAS a srorm; and the upshot WAS that she ordered hiui to leave. She would summons him for what he owed lie. - . The thunderbolts seemed to fall altogether that day, but Jerry was steeled to adversity, and he shook it o:f uutimlly. Still t.ieie was wor.se to come. As the landlaly left the room he noticed there we e a eo.iple of letters for him- one Westr lian, one loin tue riast, from home. Hi opened t!ie honu one Hist. His mot l ' ei was ' ill IUM the d K-t * ms f 4 ' 8 fd f «»*» white, tae muscles ^tract- »'g a '»ltwitch.n g pamtut y He tm». ,led like a windshakeu leaf, ami Ins left hand utiwii- 8cioU8j ged b^vlty over , lis heart. He thought for a second of the boys home- ward hound, and as the great fear struck him, the words trembled on bis lips — "Just my luck." "However," lie (bought, " fin in work now, 1 c.u» 8.ud 'e.n over some money to lighten the strain." Vi.ui he opened the other letter. It was f o ii hi ^ pla e of business. He bad t.ik n a holiday to see his friends ofi'aial notie was now giveii him toat h.s services were dispensed wi it. He ga;el at it despairingly for a moment then to e t!.e tiiug to *hmis and threw Litem violently from him. The last slriw was gone. His strength left hint and a ct u i!e of great tears trembled for a moment on his eyelids. ihen streamed j^lowly down his fate. Tae old well worn expression fitted his tin .lights again and, as lie fell back despairingly o:i his 'ted, there ••.line lik^* a great heart - I r .km wail—"Jui-t mv luck.' ' T1 en there came a knock at the door. He answered it. 'LVas a telegriph-'my — message for him. He felt sufdjnly sick and faint. Thoughts of Ins niitlur • ushid into his brain. It could lie a:»»ut u»!»o,ly els:», and he feared the worst. It was a fitting ending for sueh a day as he had hid. Tremblingly he openid it. "Melbourne'' caught his eyes, and for a while the • gr w liiiu, and he could see no m ire. Then, aft *r a dune, he faced the message with a SJ(, panl faee. He read :— Mot'ier's s'l'p arrived at last. Full freighted. All well. Return at o ce." As I write this Jerry is waiting for his boat, He will spead Christmas at home after all. 15\. S. EMERSON. S lap ier : '' We'v • jjut a lieu that laid an e^i fifteenouiu: <Judjj:et>n : "TlutV iiDtliinif. Sir <Senird Nniith iu'd two fouiiJatioji-stone- lastw.-ek wei ihinjr » hundred wsig-ht." 