PROFESSOR DAVIS IN OUE. HOW MODEBN SPOOKS ABE PRODUCED. MBS. MELLON'S SPIRIT TESTS. MADAME STELLA DAVIS. THE GIFTED CLAIRVOYANT. The reputed ability of Professor Davis, assisted by his clever wife, Madame Stella Davis, to give a high-class entertainment attracted a large gathering in the Cue Miners' Institute on Tuesday evening. Far from being disappointed, everyone present was, from start to finish, delighted with the extraordinary skill displayed in the performance of the various feats. The entertainment was by no meanB solely devoted to conversations with spirits of the departed, several other wonderful features being introduced into the show. Whilst Madame Davis, who is an accomplished pianist, rendered some pretty selections of music, the Professor made a start by giving an exhibition of the skilful manner in which he is able to handle the cardB. To see him shuffle the pack, stringiug the cards out in the air and immediately putting them together again, one would imagine that his hands are stored with an immense amount of magnetism. Professor Davis is a conjuror of no mean order, judging, by some exceedingly clever tricks which he performed. In the display of most of these he required the assist* ance of someone to keep him company on the stage, and no better person for such a position could be found than Mr. Solomon, or " Old Sol,'' as he is popularly called. Before that gentleman had been on the stage two minutes his cap was in the possession of the Professor, who immediately extracted from it a wig of the most fashionable hue, and also a long black stocking. Having charged Mr. Solomon with having appropriated a number of cards from a pack the professor of mai;ic discovered cards in all parts of his assistant's apparel and also amongst his whisksrs. Meanwhile Mr, Solomon was making use of all kinds of comical remarks, keeping the audience in a state of laughter. Quite a number of clever card tricks were performed, but, perhaps the moBt mystifying trick was a patent method of dissolving knots. A number of handkerchiefs, varying in colour and cleanliness, were borrowed and securely tied together by members of the audience. The knotted mass was placed in " Old Sol's" cap, and after the Professor had made two or three movements with his magic wand he was able to draw each handkerchief out separately, the knots having, by some means, become undone. The Professor proved himself to be equally clever as a ventriloquist, going through some very amusing conversations with some wax figures, the latter at intervals varying matters with vocal contributions in various tones of voice. Commencing the second half of the programme, Madame Davis gave evidence of her skill as a clairvoyant, the result of which completely amazed the audience. Taking her seat on the Btage, she was first of aU mesmerised, after which her eyes were securely bandaged. At an earlier stage of the evening slips of paper had been distributed amongst the audience, upon which questions were written. TbeBe were collected in a hat and afterwards distributed indiscriminately. Those who had decided to teBt Madame Davis' skill were now asked to concentrate their thoughts upon their questions. In a clear voice Madame Davis first gave the replies, afterwards accurately stating the questions. In each case the hand of the person who had asked the question was held up, and also that of the person who held the slip containing the question, thus showing beyond a doubt that Madame Davis Professor Davis was in readiness with one or two exhibitions equally as surprising. He allowed himself to be securely tied by the arms and legs with stroag ropes to a chair which had been placed in the cabinet. The curtains were then drawn, hiding him from view, when, almost immediately the sound of a tambourine was heard behind the screen, which instrument was afterwards thrown over the top. The curtain was immediately drawn, when the Professor was found to be securely tied in •xactly the same position as when he first entered the cabinet, and one person in the audience suggested that he must have accomplished the feat with the assistance of His Santanic Majesty. An extra chair was next placed in the cabinet and the curtain having been drawn there were indications behind the screen that the Professor had again secured the use ot his hands. When the curtain was pulled aside the Professor was still secured in his old position, but, by some means had succeeded in taking off his coat and looping his arm through the back of the chair. As a means of further convincing the audience Mr. Solomon, blindfolded, was placed in the cabinet to keep the Professor company. No sooner had the pair been hidden from view when a coat came flying over the top of the screen, and upon an investigation being made, Mr. Solomon was found to be minus his coat, and his companion was still held in captivity. The Professor was now released, and he proceeded to deal with the spook business. He informed the audience that, unlike the professed spiritualists he did not pretend to have intercourse with the unknown world, but admitted that he was assisted by trickery in producing hiB spooks. The spiritualists had frequently a considerable amount of trouble in rousing their spooks, but he never experienced any difficulty, seeing that he always kept his in good working order. Mrs. Mellon, in producing her famous spooks in Sydney, was exposed, and he wanted a couple of volunteers from the andience to do the same with him if they were able. He was then securely fastened up in a long black bag, the mouth of which wag fastened round his neck. He took his seat in the cabinet and was further secured by a rope held by the two volunteers, Mr. Son Herman and Mr. Cottrell. The lights were turned down and almost immediately sounds of a tinkling bell were emitted from the cabinet, and directly afterwards a little white figure appeared on the stage, and announced in a plaintive tone of voice that she was little CiBsie, who had come for some chocolates, because she could not get any in the other world. The ghost of blackbearded Geordie next gradually rose from a white speck on the stage and having addressed a few words to the audience, promptly disappeared. The last spook was that of Josephine, who was very bashful, just coming out a sufficient distance from behind the curtain to allow the people to have a look at her. Just before the lights turned up the Professor himself appeared in front of the cabinet, having mysteriously escaped from the bag. Immediately the lights were turned up, however, he was found encased in the bag and the seal which had been placed on the cord fastening it round his neck had not been broken. The two volunteers who had been responsible for holding him, were just as mystified as the audience, and no one attempted a saintion of tho problem. The entertainment, from start to finish, wav pxceedingly good, liiit the pleasure wus considerably marred by the disorderly conduct and interruptions of an individual who had evidently been imbibing too freely. A second entertainment was given last evening. The two closing nighfs will be to-morrow and Saturday. There will be a change of programme •ach evening. . ' Aciae Cycles and WilliamsTypewriters —the two beBt machines in the world Acme Bicyple Co., Perfh, B. Beid, Cpe 