i PERILOUS POSITIOX By MARY ALBERT, Author of ' The Luckiest Man in the World,' ' The liride 01 a Day,' '13rooko Finchley's Daughter, :' 'A Hidden Terror,' 'Delia's Story,' 'The Shelling of the Peas,' &c;, && [Published by Fpeci:il arrtin^er.-.cnt with the Author. All rights reserved. 1 Ci!Arrr.u XVIII.— (Continued.) Margaret was not, however, to bo left lonj without hearing something of the afternoon's episode, for an hour or two later her maid knocked at the door and brought the latest) tidings. 'Oh, nia'ain !' cxcl.ripjed she, 'James has coaie in ami he tays there's ever such a com motion in the village. For Mr. Glover, ha that has just opened the new general shop, was coming back troin Ililliuglon, when all of a sudden, in a patch of moonlight, by Dene's Hollow, he saw the two figures thai you saw, mis?, and the fright has made him quite, ill. Lord Lanford has sent out another party to sesidi. but the village folk have shut their doors, believing that 'tis ghosts that people have seen.' „ Aud Jane's rosy face grew pale as she con cluded. ' I never heard of two ghosts representing one man,' replied Margaret with a wan cmile. A troubled, sleepless night tmeci-cied, and when morning dawned Miss Thorpc-lcigh's spirits were .-o nuseh depressed tliafc s!:e went out into a lonely part of the grounds wonder ing whether her heart would ever again be at) rest. It was a still morning and as eho wandered on absorbed iu thought the quiet waa broken by a sudden tumult. Hurrying steps, shouts, tiio cries of several persons struck upon her ear and in n moment she found herself sur rounded by a group of men, women, and chil dren, who were pur&uing; a flying figure surely that of the lost vicar. That figure dodged, turned, and sought by every devire to cludo his pursuer?, but iii vain ; and then a new feature broke upon tlia sicene, for laboring after the now captive man came .1 ficcond Ji^'uio bafore whom all fell back affrighted, for unmistakably here was the mias incr clergyman. Meantime! two or three of the bystanders had laid a firmer hold 011 the man who woro to strange a resemblance to Mr. Lufton and, a voice said vety strenuously, 'Now, then, you will explain your masquerading at the police- station.' 'Xo, no, no !' answered another voice,, 'it is 1 who will explain everything. You nil recognise me, suwly, in spite of my non-clerical costume.' It was the vicar who spoko, the veritable man for whom they had ail been Keeking with such anxiety till they had grown to believe that ho had bnen murdered. There was no mistake this time in his identity, as tho bewildered Margaret told heiself on recog nising his voice. Then who was this other mni! who had counterfeited him? And with what object had he acted no strange a part ? They gathered round the actual Mr. Lufton, overwhelming him with questions. 'What can have happened to you, sir? Where havo you been? Who is this pei-sor resembling you ko strangely ? You have kepv in all in terrible suspense. It waa not treating us very will,' &c;, iv.c.. ke. These sentences assailed tho vicar's ears on all slides, increabiug hia'diKtress and bewilder ment. He put up liis' hand, thus silently asking attention. Thtrc was a sudden husii among tho crowd n;id Mr. Lufton spoke. '1 havo had something hard to bear,' ho said, 'since I last |saw you -all, but 1 ought cot to regreti it since it enables mo to un r.-ivfl the darkest scheme that was over coU' coeted. ' I must begin my talo by explaining what I have hitherto guarded as a profound secret.' livers' ear was strained to catch what was ? next to bo revealed and the vicar continued — 'But it can be kept secret no longer, how ever painful it may be to nio to reveal it. None of you have known— though I have lived among you flo Jong— that IJravea tivin brother who is mentally afflicted and who, under tho name of Payne, has been for years under the charge of Dr. licwley at Fitchley.' '' Ah !' 'Oh !' . ' Who would have guessed that?' waB ejaculated all round and many caught their breath in strong excitement, whilo Margaret^ fully as much interested us any one of the gioup. prea*™! uwuur. The clergyman, who wna a good deal; ,. effected, went on— , . , . . . ' Though seemingly harmless, the doctor has always declared that my brother needed careful guardianship and he v.-aa thereforo uevcr permitted to go beyond Dr. Bewley s grounds. , . 'lificeutly he assumed illness dm ing tho doctor's enforced absence, nnd he wrote to me entreating that 1' would 30 and see Iiirn tiie next day as soon as rooming service was over, for he felt he might not live through Hie Sun day. . . ' The journey by railway occupies only 60 minutes, eo that by the setting off at about twenty minutes to 1 o'clock, immediately after morning service, there would be time to ro and return by 3 o'clock, as the trains fitted perfectly. ' Dr. Bewley had often admitted me by a side door half concealed by shrubs and had taken nio through his study to nay brother's room, for he knew that I wished to keep my visits as private as possible. 'It was in this way that I entered the doctor's house on the memorable Sunday in question, for, finding the garden entrance open, though apparently closed, I oatered without hesitation and went upstairs without meeting anyone. 'But my brother was on the watch for mo. Often &i; 1 had heard instances recounted of the cuuuing of lunatics I had never suspected iny brother of being ready to practice on me. But he had planned everything to effect his wscape during the doctor's absence from home, a circumstance which lie was not supposed to be aware uf. Ho had heard the attendants Bpeai; of it in whispers and the plan he had formed was tarried out with the utmost ilarinjr. He knew that Sunday would be the l-est day on w hich to succeed in his design and he wrote to me accordingly. 'It was not the finst time I had paid him a visit between 1 and 3 o'clock on the Sunday, and on this last occasion he was wait ing to iiear tny expected footstep. As I entered his room, believing that I fihould find him seriously ill in bod, he sprang on me frosu behind the door, pigged me, while holding me down with all his strength tore off my coat, Etunucd me with a blow, and then, quickly put-ting on my hat and outer garments and pocketing my watch $nd pnrse, lie wailvd out. ' 1 have explained that the doctor was fiom home, that the uttendant in charge had not Been me enter, and as it_ chanced iny brother met no one as lie stole away ; bat had he done eo his extraordinary likeness to oiyself would have aidiid his evasion. He, too, knew of the garden entrance into the grounds and no one guessed the scene- which had been enacted by its means. 'ii-or the rest he had omitted nothing which might give him success. For days past, with deep cunning, lie had simulated weak health and had been so rent!n and tractable that ths attendant was lulled into security. 'As my poor brother had always been per mitted to write to me as freely as lie ciiosv, and j as often, lie had no difiicu.ty in sending 111c. j the fictitious news of his illness and he had I timed his missive to suit- his purpose. j 'But he had done far inoro than this, for with consummate scheming ho had implored I his attendant on several .occasions to 'let Iiirn \ go home,' adding tlmt they were making a j great mistake in detaining him there, as it was j In: who was vicar of Thorpeleigh and that they had confused him with his brother. 'And thus it happened that wh*n I had managed to get the gag out of my mouth after recovering consciousness and ,nadc frantic entreaties to be allowed to go lio:uo the attendant only ea:!ed for help iiud put on the Btrait-waistecat. for to my mi-foitune my voice as much resembled my brother's as do my features. 'In this way, detained from home, my mental disquietude was agonising ; but the hope of liberation as soon as the doctor re turned supported me, for I was sure lie would listen to my representations. I had, too, another hope. If my brother went to Thorpe leigh Vicarage (which unfortunately he only did quite recently) the deceit must be speedily diecovered.' As Mr. Lufton paused for a moment several hands were thrust out to him in sympathy, while tears liedewod many faces. With breath less interest all listened for the conclusion of his story. 'One evening as I lay feigning sleep, but listening intently to what my attendants were saying in low tones, I overheard one of the most hateful plots for obtaining money that ever entered the mind of anyone. 'Two men, father and son, had been em ployed 6ome long time at Dr. Kewloy's estab lishment, but having had notice to leave were soon to quit the aeylum and deeply resented their dismissal. It was their duty to aid the j chief attendant during the doctor's absence by I watching me and other patients while the former took sleep or esercise. 'Believing me to be in profound slumber the pair began hotly to discuss, io whispers, their crafty plan, by which, as they phrased it; they hoped to secure two or three hundreds and Btart fanning in New Zealand. ' The lad was to declare himself the son of a lady now deceased, and in the absence of her aunt, Mrs. Beech, who was gone to America, the miscreants believed that by the aid of a . manufactured marriage certificate it would be . possible to wring the money named out of her young niece, Miss Thorpeleigh. ' The latter, who had listened like one spell bound, now uttered a. sharp eiy and stretched out her hands to the vicar, who took them sympathising]}' in his clasp. 'Ah, my dear young lady,' continued he much affected, 'you have now nothing to \- fear.' Then turning to his audience he went on iu K moved voice— '?The marriage certificate purportod to bw i that of the lato Miss Susan Beech with an ! American named Trueman and the marriage was said to have taken place in America 18 or 20 years ago.' ' Then it is not true,' exclaimed Margaret hysterically. 'My dear sister Susan novor made any secret marriage,. These Truemaus ' — she shuddered as the thought of them— 'are not connected with my family?' 'Certainly not, my dear,1' replied the vicar warmly and tn« assembled throng huzzaed in sympathy. 'The Truemans will have now to answer for their schmniug in a -manner they will hardly like. Uut— have a care ! Hold him fast !' cried Mr. Lufion, breaking off and precipitating himself on his lunatic brother. And not too soon, for resenting the detaining hands which held him fnst, he made a sudden spring nnd Eought to fell to the ground the nearest bystander, aiming alto a blow at the vicar's head which would have killed him had he succeeded in his stroke. A dozen lnen were upon him in an instant and pinned -his nrms. ' Ho seeks my life !' panted the clergy man. ' I was warned that as the time went on his mental disorder might take this turn. But for my dread of him 1 should have, gone straight home after escaping the other day, as rdid, from the asylum, but after our sudden encounter in the wood I knew that he was lying in wait for me and all night I remained close hidden, in a tree, believing him to be crouched at the foot. Have a care ! lie is ?bout to mako another sudden spring !' cried 'Mr. Lufton as the maniac's eyes glistened savagely. 'Mr. Lufton, you go home, sir, cried a dozen voices, 'and take Miss Thorpeleicrh with you. We'll take care of this poor gentle man until Dr. Bewlty can send the keepers to remove htm. But how it came to pass that the doctor shouldn't have recognised that he had got' hold of the wroDg man is a wonder to us all.' ' He would have done, I think, had he been able to supervise his patients as usual, but hi8 health had entirely broken down Rnd he had beon forced to engago a gentleman to take his p!,ice in his absence. AH this time he and his wife had been abroad ; the usual attendants on iny brother, the Truemans, left almost im mediately, nor would they have cared to do anything which could hinder their own plot. And as if to aid my brother's design I had just paid the half-term for him in advance, i'or the rest I was kept very strictly, since I had insisted on it that I was the vicar of Thorpeleigh. It was only by assuming com plete submission and by watching constantly every chance of escape that I at length eifectcd it.' A great hnzzah went up into tho air as the vicar completed his explanation and many hands we ro again thrust, out towards him iu congratulation. Then somebody asked if it would not bo well to telegraph to Dr. Bewley. 'The doctor has not yet returned home, but the gentleman in charge must be communicated with, certainly,' replied Mr. Lufton. Instantly a dozen persons came forward out of tho throng offerniir to send the niossRge, j while Margaret proposed to tho inuuh-lired I clergyman to accompany her home. He thanked her with a Bad smile, but excused himself, observing that after euch a prolonged absence the 6oouer bo was at tho vieai age again the better. 'But perhaps you will walk with me as far r.s our roads go, iny dear Miss TUorpsIeigh,' added he. So Margaret, profoundly moved, set off with her old frit'.noV whom she had despaired of ever seeing again, and they had not gocc many steps before they met Lord Lani'ord hurrying up to know if there wns any truth iu the last exciting ruiaor which liad readied him. Fcrit had down like wildfire through the neighbor hood that the veritable Mr. Lufcon had indeed returned ; the story of his detention in the private a?y]um and of tho existence of his lunatic brother thrilling every listener with the most intense concern and excitement. The ? most lively satisfaction also mingled with the I excitement. To think that alter so many I fears, after the abandonment of all hope, their ! vicar w&h; alive and once more in their midst I rou -ikl all their latent affection for him. Besides, another story, almost as wonderful, was mixed up with the vicar's siay iu the asylum. It was owing to the very circumstance which had been eo much lamented by them all that it was now made known th;it the Truernana were impostors, that they were in no way connected ! with the ladi.-.-s of Tliorp-jleigh Court, and tiiat I there was now no danger that Thorpelcigh Court would have to bo sold and its youthful I owner forfeit hail her possessions. I Tho existence or' sucii a plot as that which had been concocted by these miscreants and the marvellous manner in which it had been detected flew from u;outh to mouth. So the ioit vicar had been found at last ! Tho mystery had been fully explained, and certainly the- suspicious which had hung darkly and vaguely round the absent Godfrey Byng on this grave matter ought to have be&u; 1 fuliy dissipated. Margaret's heart swelled p.nd her tears poured down like rain, when at length, in ci;e solitude of her own room, thisthoughtocuurred to her. Whatever else lie. was guilty of, tbisone thing could surely nei«r be brought up against j him ! And if he was guiltless in this matter, i was it not possible tiiat he might be innocent j ! of most- of those things which had been laid to his charge ? ' Poor Margaret ! She was soon to find that it is hard to biing people to change a rooted conviction. Clearly as it was now demonstrated that Godfrey Byng was innocent of having mur j dered the vicar, there were still a few ignorant I folks who imagined that in some way he had had a hand in inspiriting him away ; that in some as yet unexplained manner he- was in leaguo with the Truemans and was to start j life with them in New Zealand. It would require far more convincing light on the unfortunate Godirey'e career before the ? good people at Thorpeleigh credited that he ] had not been concerned in Mr. Luf ton's dis appearance. But Margaret's heart was less full of pain than it had been for many weary days, not withstanding the dread she experienced of having to appear at court and give evidence j .igainet the Trueinaus, who were now belli in I custody. 'If you let euch miscreants Iooso upon society, my dear Miss Thorpeleigh, you expose someone eise to the danger of being victimised. ' We must all learn to do our duty even when it is painful,' said Lord Lanford. The following day Mrs. Beech telegraphed j to her niece that she would be at home the i next evening and Margaret wept with joyful : emotion that she would once more have the ! support of this uear relative. j ' Why, Margaret ! wliat can have happened to make you look like this V exclaimed the re- ; turned traveller, whon aunt and niece had ' exchanged the first greetings, and Mra. Beech had said, heartily, how glad she was to be at home again. 'A good deal has happened, Aunt Eliza beth. The vicar has come home ? ' 'Alive?' interrupted Mrs. Beech, in ngi tated tones. 'And safe and well ! Auufc Lily.' Then Mrs. Beech grew indignant. ? ' He had i\o right to treat bis parishioners in j that way ! What ! safe and well ! and disap- i pear without a word.' | 'Don't blame him, auntie, till you hear his - story.' i Mrs. Beech womiered why Margaret | should let fall such bitter tears as she gave | the recital. | 'My dear child, what a shock this has ' given you !' she exclaimed. j The next moment Mrs. Beech herself re- j ceived a shock from iier niece's unpremeditated j utterance — . j 'Oh, auntio, what do you think people are ; saying now about it and beginning to believe '! \ They tay that Godfrey Byug was tho iiiati- j gator of thi3 plot— thai, lie mgpested and con trived the plot with tho Truemans and that ' they were to take all the risk and he to receive half the gain. It is said now that this will be j the defence set up by those wretched men who ; are now in custody.1' j Mrs. Beenh grew very much concerned as sho listened. It. was evident enough that ; Margaret still remembered the unworthy Mr, j Byng, and that sho would never be herself : again while this was tho taso. Sho wished now, with all her heart, that her niece had accompanied her to America. But this wish came too late, as do so many of our wishes here. 'My poor dear Margaret, I must never leave you again. How much you have home in silence for my sake in order to spare me any additional distress when I was so far from home. No punishment is too heavy for those dastardly man whs have dared to make such an evil accusation against poor dear Susan. Oh, I see the reason now of their protended moderation. They would be satisfied with £500._ That was because they despaired of ex tracting more from you till their claims were examined in court, and they were well aware that these claims would uot bear examination. My poor child, they thought you would be an easy prey. The £500 once in their possession they would have decamped without loss of time.11 ' Yes, aunt, I Bee that now ; and I was on the point of paying over— advauoing as I thought tho five hundred pounds; to enable them to purchase a farm in Australia. It was Bueh an alluring prospect — to get them settled on the other side of tho globe. Certainly, if the vicar had not returned these Truonmus would have eucceeded in tbtoir craft.' 'My darling Margaret. And now I hear that you are going to take poor little Emmie Lawford til: road with yon for tho wiutor. Well, I must set olf with you, though I .am only just come home. What news to greet mo on my arrival. But I must not talk all night. And the very first thing to-morrow I n»UBt go and soo Mr. 'Lufton.' Tho following Sunday the reBtorod vionr preached to an overwhelming congregation, such as had never before filled Thorpoleign Church and Emmie L&wford;, pa-lo as a crushed snowdrop, was one of tho listeners. Another event which marked this Sunday was the disastrous ono of tho escape of tho Truemans from prison. It was a daring ven ture and succeeded but too well. Tho culprits got clear off mid wore uot heard of for many a day. CltAPTETt XIX. — A.V ANNITEHSAHV. A year had gone by since that August night whon poor L-?igh Furrowcs and Ktuniio Lswford hail planned to run away and get married ; a year, uoo, since Martin with such confident hope, hail decided on emi grating. Yes. twelve months had run their course since Little Basil hail so nearly been stolen away from his uncestral hame, and since Sir Bertram Lawford 's underkeeper, the eoi-d if.anl Jitu Hills; had risen into Mich uu enviabU- notoriety r.s the suspected culprit, he beim?, iu reality, Godfrey liyng. It was still widely credited, also, that it was lie who had perpetrated the outroge on Mr. Olford, senior ; nay, that lie had been mixed up with, if not the prime instigator of. all thu outrages which had bo seriously disturbed the peace of the inhabitants of Thorpeleigh, Wiexley, aud lilurton. That it was Godfrey Byng who bad been an accomplice of the Truemans was cerlaim'y buiieved by all the. rural population of the above-named villages ; for although he could not be charged with liaving spirited the Vicar of Thoi'ptleigh into Dr. Bewley's private asylum, it was (irmly believed that he had acted all along -with tli« men who had been attendants then; — that I10 was, in short, ready for any villainy, and that when the elder Air. Olford liad been forci'd to sisrn tho cheque for a thousand pounds cue of the Trrx-mans w;is ilr. liync-'s coadjutor on lii at occasion. Tlit-ro was now another underkeejKsr to assist Ji-nnings, nor was tho latter in r.uy awe I of this subordinate of his. And just as \a-- had I done oil tiie alternooii of this day a. year ago the headk-;eper walked slowly across ;i» auglu of the park on his way home, but he glanced Badly up at the house as lie went and vhen plod Jed on Hg'aiii. 'Ah, poor Mr. Martin !' muttored he; 'ho won't never emigrates now, that's certain. And as for InIiss Emmie, if slie had bcon allowed io wed that fine young gentleman, as loved her as she lovtd him, tiie p.uco wouldn't be as it is to-day. ' IIu wiped liis hot brow, for it wm warm weather, calling his bagging dogs, and fcoon passed out, of bight. A deep silenrv reigned over Lawford House and grounds, thuugh ihe songbirds twiuered as gaily as ever in the duwy freshness of morning aud evening in that very shrubbery where, not so lor.g ago, 1Smmi;j and Leigh, promising all fiorts of sweet tilings to each other, had paced up and down hand in hand. I Kor was it only in Emmie's l;o:-.io that i eiit-.uce and doseition reigned ; at the rectory | tlic inmates spoke in low-to:ied voices, and i every moment reminded them of the lost Leigh. 'And I persuaded him to go. I sent him away,' the old rector would ejaculate piti fully as he crept out each evening into his garden, traziug sadly on the paths aud on the lawn where his son had learned to run alono and had tottered about trying to pluck daisies in his chubby, baby hands. The loss of the bright young fellow seemed a, loss to the whole. . neighborhood and, coupled as it was with the I almost hopeless illness of the girl whom lie had i loved so fondly, made up a pathetic romance which lingered in the hearts oi tho villagers, j As for Emmie's father and mother, unable to | bear the mournfuiness which hun^' over their ! home, they had shut it up and taken Martin I aud their other children abroad for change of ! scene so strongly recommended by the doctor. I They would liave located themselves near ! Miss Thorpeleigh and Emmie, but thn same ' authority deemed it better that Emmie should, j for the present, be removed from home asso- 1 ciations. I 'As if anything could ever make her forget j Leigh !' sobbed Martin passionately, when ! he heard the doctor's opinion ; and by this time j Sir Bertram. Lawford himself had more than { once exclaimed bitterly to his wife — ' I only j wish now that the dear girl had gone off with ! Leigh. Tiicu he would be living and she well ! and happy. Oh, Theresa, we sometimes set ' too much' etore on wealth. We could have given our dear girl something by way of in- ! come aud Leigh would havo added to what he ' had.' ' j Lady Lawford had not replied anything to I all this, but she, too, had at times felt a wish j creep over her that Emmie had married Leigh j and that they had been spared all this misery. Matters were in this state on this anniversary - of the day when poor Leigh's msrri.igc schewo j had been nipped in the bud. Changes, too, j hud come to others connected with this story, j Nixie, for instance, forlorn lialo creature, was j forlorn no longer, but was now «t the school to which llegiuald's father had admitted her. flourishing a» a flower long denied water flourishes when its nativo food is freely given. The school \va-s situated not far from Olford Houso, Mr. Olford, senior, taking immense j piido and interest in it nnd carrying out his wife's suggestions with scrupulous care. Tho little waits and strays admitted to its walls were lortunuto indeed and had all turned out most creditable to the charity ; nor ft as Nixie: by any means an exception to thu rule. 'lull you what, Reggie,' cried his father with interest, ' there is something I like par- j ticularly about our hiat addition to tlio school ; that Nixie is an uuu-ual child, nnd her heart ' is overflowing witii gratitude to \it.' ' Yes, bhe's a nice little mite,' rejoined the yo-mg man. 'I'm always glad i rescued her from that pair of sharpsrs, as no doubt they were, with whom she lived. My opinion is tlsab-the man was a professional thief and that the woman sold the things he stole. She disappeared altogether from the hospital, you kuow ; went olf suddenly and never returned to the houso-apout. But it is most unfortunate thut^ Nixie does not even know her own name.' While these remarks were being made con cerning her Nixie was enjoying a few quiet moments by herself under the shade a large walnut tree which grew at the end of the school playground. Nixie loved to be alone some time.s in this beautiful place to which she had been brought, where everyone epoke kindly to her, and where she had good food and clean clothes. The blue sky, tho flowers and fruit and gross gave unfailing delight to Nixie, who was beginning to forget her former miseries and fears, and childlike to rejoice in the present Tea was over— Bhe was free to do what she would. Her companions were noisily at play in tho orchard adjoining, and Nixie, taking off her hat,, which sbo swung in her hand, went dreamily down a side path leading to the higfo load. She was absorbed -in het own childish thoughts, one of which was that perhaps at the end of this path she might see ' Mr. Reginald' ride along — as he often did— and then he would be sure to nod and smile at her. The little thing went on till she stood among the brusnwood which grew thickly on each side and here she took up her standwaiting. A bird twittered overhead — a squirrel bounded up a larch tree ; from the orchard, not bo far distant, floated to her ears a far-off sound of mirth. Nixio was very happy ; trouble which had onco clutched her in so tight a grip seemed to havo loosed its hold on her and to have'slid away. Sho \ looked round, searching for tho little graceful rcd-biown squirrel which had so lately whirled overhead, and as she did so she met a gaze which transfixed her, for as she withdrew her eyes from the leafy bough abuvo to earth again they met the keen, sharp, glittering look of two piercing eyes, the owner of which waa hiduen amoug tho surroundiug leaves and thickets. ' lla !' he said, 'at last !' Jlo did not add any more, but this was enough for Nixie. Shu .[understood but too vfrell how to interpret theso three words. For her they meant, as she knew by sad intuition, ** Well, I havo found you again, and this tiiao you shall not escape ine !' Thu terrilied child did not attempt to run away — :;he was fascinated by the terror in spired by his pr&ieuce;, so that she stood quite still, her pretty lit tie face, so rosy a moment ago, grown pallid and her lips white. Then tiie man spoke again. 'I must .say you don't seom too glad to see mo. Nixie,' he growled, with a frightful laugh. 'You think, perhaps, that 1 am come to Like you away ; but thai temaius foryoulo'deciili!.' 'Ob, tiien, I'll tjtay,' stammered the child, feeling us if .suddenly restored to life. ' You've more to hear first,' continue!] ho, pleased with tho effect of his worda. 'Come nearer. I shaVt Lite you.' Trej:i!iiing in over;, limb, Nixie obeyed. 'Now, ' s:iid hii, seizing her wrist, ' listen 1 to inc. I stWn't hurt you, nor 1 s!;an't uko yju away if you do as i tell you— :io you hear';' ' Yes,' faltered Nixie, shaking with iVr.r. ' You liuie dulc ! Keep your wits about you. Now, listen. Wheru is your mother?' '8i-e .liu't my mother,' cried Mixie, with | tiie r.iirkioKSucssoi despair ; 'hut we've tried to j find i;er, a!l tire s:mie, but iiiu went right iaw.-iy lrom the hospital without telling where.' '' A!i !:j h' ;??;-.. tiered savagely. But he toon caino luel: to the busincts 1 o h;id sn hand. ' Wliat 1. havo come here to say in ymi is this— there is going 10 be agreateuicrtaiisrnviit for y..u children up aX the Liig lioiue. I've I heard ot it, you see — ;i feast 0:1 thu lawn— lotu of visitors, ilrineinj, zxi& giimes. NV'!;en that (lay comes, Nixif, what you have got to do fo: me is this— brills ma the k.y of tliu Jitllu side ! cioor which is \v\ into the wall near t!ie green house. You knoiv it weil enough ; I've, fcueu you go iu and but.' 'Bring you the key ?'' repeated Xixio, hi'i teeth chatti-ring. ' Ye:-5, bring mo tho key ::I he said, grinding his teeth and tightening his grasp ou mu luiU: giri's wrist. ' Xliiitw piain i»id 1 im.-an t.j b« obtyed.' 'But— suppose I can't get it?' suggest. :u Nixie. 'You will pot it, my dear c':;i)ii ''— this | I spoken very ti n-t-.-ii tsiiin^f J y. '' You will get it, i or do you knoiv what will happen?1' 'No !' whispered Nixie, agsuist ivitii di-.a-.!. 'Why then, child' — lie shook he:- liajiiu figure till h.-.r ineth chattered — 'ihen you would never live nurjiimr d^y. I know w.'xm Joj sleep in your school dormitory and J ^.I'-'nid climb up l.y a ladder &ud; U&v; aim with this revolver' (producing oi.e from h:s pocket) 'ami shoot you dead ;i3 you lay. L)u voa hear? Dead! dead ?' Nixie trembled irtnn l:e.°.d to foot. 'You wouldn't l-c the only ono, neither,' continued her tormentor. 'I'd bhoot that meddling Mr. liegin.-iid who brought 3-011 l;e;n | as if he were a dog, to if you want to save liisu : you'll a'o as 1 toll you and then you may stay ! here till the mouiiV blue lor auyht I car..'. Oii;- I . thingmore. i'ou aro never to dare, to say lliut 1 Airs. Trotter is not- your tnotijer. Sin; a'. ways ! toil! mo si;e \vu-s :.-:d who :u'i: you to say s!;l- j isn't? You can't know what happi-iii-a uhi.11 you were horn. However, bring sue the key of the side door litre t-- this pUcu, othe; wise — taku the consequence.-.' ' Very well,' replied Nixie, almost nnocn scious 01 what sho did srjy. '1 never let a person eseaj-j — you ought to remember that,' he said wuii another iou,';li shake and glaring at her. ' Yes, 1 remeniljtT, wl.jspt-red, Nixie. ' You wiil bring me thu key here,' hi.-.ised the man. ' It is n;-t much to a-k either. And now, before 1 Set you go, there is another thing for you to proDiis^. Vou can surely bring me one or two otids aud ends of jewiiiery — watches or rini(s or broool-.os ; the more the better. You can pick them off dressing-tab.'es or piucuahior.s and nobody be a wliic tiie wiser. No ono would suspect a chi'.d like yuu. So, see you manage it for me; and then, Nixie, 1 shall never come here .vain ; never waut to take you away, and I will never hurt 1 you or these friends of yours as long as you and theyiive. So that you will be doing th^m a kindness by bringing 1110 the kny— i only want to get liornetning of my own which 1 left lonpago in .1 Clipboard in the turret.' 'Can I Ret it for you?3 hazarded Nixio, seizing on this shred of' hope. 'No, I tell you; no. Obey me to tlia letter or you die ! Look at this onje more and be warned ! ' \ With this he ajain showed the revolver, and Nixie, crediting iiis words fully, shrank back with a shudder. 'Ay, you may well shiver, you little dolt,' said lie. 'It's an awful thing to die — quita suddenly in your sleep and have your head blown to shatters. Mr. Reginald would find it bo, too, aud if you care at all for him ? ' 'Oh, 1 do ! 1 do !' wept Nixie. ' Tha-t's a good thing for him then — ns you will certainly uave his life by obeying me. Now I think we have said all there is to be imtd. Directly I have the key you can go nnd enjoy yourself. There, don t cry— or they will ask what you arc crying for — and don't dare ever to say that you havo seen mo — not even when you are a big girl or grown up to be a woman. Now go, and mind you obey u;e in every par ticular.' 'f lie trembling child could hnrdly stand when released from his grasp, but she fled away, diving into n lonely part lest anyone ehuu'd see her. Her childishness and ignorance were bo great that she could think of but on« way to *ave her own lifo nnd that of tlio gentleman who had been so kind to her, Mr. Reginald. Aud fear had helped to blunt her faculties. She would run away, but first Ehe v.'onld write a few lines to llr. Reginald to apprise him of the great danger he would be in 011 the nijrht of the projected entertainment. Dazod with terror, wild with affright at the power of this mysterious man who came and went suddenly aiid who in times past had been so hard to her, Nixie did not for an instant doubt that he would kill her if sho disobeyed him. She was certain that he would do as ho had threatened and would shoot her as she lay in bed if she did not bringhim the key, and, worse still, would shoot Mr. Reginald. Flyiug into the schoolroom, empty at this hour, for everyone was out of doors this balmy evening, Nixie went to her locker and without ? losing an instant ehe wrote — | 'Dear Mr. Reginald — ; ' The man you saved me from bas been j here and will shoot me inmy bed and willmurder you if I do not give him the key to you* small aide door and steal some watches and rings, so I am going to run away where he cannot find me. Do not let, him find you -either. —With my grateful thanks, 'Your unhappy The child had learned to write quite quickly ' and decently during her few months at school ' and she was not long in finishing what she had to say. Then she* put it in her pocket took down from a peg a woollen cape which she intended to serve as a bed in the woods, and crept out as silently as she had entered. Once outof the school precincts she hod only to cross a courtyard and traverse three or four short paths and she would be at 'the big house.' A good-natured maid was taking the air at the back entrance. ' Why, Nixie, who would have thought of seemg you I' said she smilingly, 'Will you give that to Mr. Reginald, please V asked the little girl, in a choking voice, while presenting her note. 'Why, what's the matter?' exclaimed the maid. 'Have you been getting into trouble At tha school and want him to speak a word for yoti ? That's about it, I reckon. Weil, Mr. Reginald is out riding now, but James will give him your note when hu comts in. Come, cheer up, Nixie.' 'I'm very— very— much obliged to you,' Nixie tried to answer, but instead she burst into agonising tears and eobs, which Jessie, the maid, had much difficulty in quieting ns she led the child into tho now deserted ser vants' hall aud fetched her some milk aud an apple. ' Now, you really must be a sensible girl. Don't cry any more ; run home and say you're, sorry if you've done anything wrong and you won't Ret much punished. I5o sure that Mr. Reginald Khali have your note before ever he drosses for dinner, for you'ro a great favorite til mine p.ud of us all up here. Now, give me a kiss aud run off.' ; Nixie i-c-tui-ufd the kiss and clung to the kiud young woman for a monunt ere she obeyed, or seemed to obey. But once beyond the courtyard f-iie turned sharply to tho left and ran straight forward, on and on, bscalh k-ssiy, iu the gathering twiiiglit, leaving the school behind her. Poor Nixie ! Away, away sho sped from tho s.ifu shelter whi-,-h had been hers for ^o many peaeci ul days, cue into the dark, silent world of the woods— whither?' Ah, iliat film did not stay to ayk herself. Panic-stricken, ignorant,* crushed by the dread of herc.-i'.'.'l eneuiy, s-ht: lied on. It was not yet dark, but ihirkm'ss w;ts falling, and utidoi the shade of ti:e trees it Wiisriiflicu-t to sl-o one's way. Nixie stnmb'sd on. Bhe was upheld by her koou f-xi.iteuient or she would have been too tired to run iiny more, l.iut to put a dozen miles betwes-n haiseif and her wwiny etk! to set toai-ttl! further distance to- morrow was her dominant idea. Aftpr .1 while the. clus'-erin;' woods Ravo pines to opi-u fields, Iji-yoiui which strutchfd a park. .Shu h;wl but to eni-s l.'iu road and sho could enter oy the turnutita. ^!:e wrj too tired to continue hor way, sin; would go into the p:irk, -.tou ;li tin-re in the iLiri;, and sleep till the morning. Thu iiitrh; lull quiet and grey. Jennings, the keeper, sicii.-ig by his ojien door, ruinnrked to his wife, 'that it u.ifc very n;iM.' 'Yes,'1 siir; a^enic-r!, ' ^iil it will soon be dark.' ?Innnin.Ta Iisi22!;r;d. 'Thai's i:cthir.g to do with the weatlii-i-.' w-.id i.e. All at once the di.'s iyuijf ciit-ide .sprang up utteriiifr ;i short bark. A ' Why, what's up, .Spark ?' cried the keeper, rising. '.?ionH'thinjr, yc»j rna«r bo fcure,' repIiW? in'3 wir'e. ''Ourdo^s never pet up for not') ins — they're that RCiisiMc. Look at 'i-:n now, off to the wood i'.a fa--?t as tliey e.an t.'ar.' 'I I a-'l best }jo after them, th'.-n,' i-cjoiised Jennings unwiiiingly, for hi? w,-is tired alter his li-.y's work. ''i'ottli the truth 1 fancied just now I !,e:nc! a ery.' 'Take your s-tit-k,' said his w]f:\ ''Tisn't poachers, i'or if 'tv, ;is the dogs w-.mid behave ailf-;:ent.' .Ii- iuiiiif.rt wev.t off wit': hasty sliidcp, his wife (Kenny alter him into tiie darkening landsL-npe. (To be co;m')ii(cc£.) 