T he fftoyal Ghogtt. R x ally Windsor Castle seems to overruo with apparitions. Quua& Slizabeth's shade is by no meaM alone la her glory. The Very Rnr* tie Dean of Windsor was soap by a reporter fit the London D n\ty about fob Apparition which appeared tp. LTeatenkht A. S t lAger Giya, or tbe Grebadier Gnhrds, as recorded is the fcewfepaperL The Dean was ’^uite refcdy, after the 'enquiries he had personally tnidr, to belfevelthat M r G lyh bad Seen soinetbing ,of k superpktnVal 'AaAoter in the library of, the Ciktie. But he was inclined to doubt, despite tradition, that tbe appearance was that of so good a Protestant u Queen Elizabeth. He had a stronger belief in tbe apparition, some years back, of another sovereign, Em g Charles foe firft, whose spirit it said - fo ^git one of the hous“" the" C.ooo'i Close. 011 '-*e opposite side of fit. George's Chapel on Jao e 26 etch year. The last person who is recorded to have been favored with the manifestation on the part of ihe Boyat M artyr was Mrs Boyd-Carpenter, wife of the present Bishop of Ripon, who was between 1882 and 1884 a canon of Windsor, and occupied a house in the canons* quarters itt the loVrer ward of tbe Castle. MtB Bnyd-Carpenter’s stpry; 80 foe Dfaai now told.it, wkfe to foe effect that fin thi Right of (Tone. 26, in onfe of these fofoe ybarr, her bhihknd was ehpaged in conversation to the dining-room with Sir W aiter Parrott, orgaoist to the Queen, t e late boor, and that she was In hhr bedroom ou foe first floor readihg, when she heard steps in foe passage approaching ner booth, the hasp of whose door whs lifted, and tbe door slowly opened, revealing—in place of the Canon, whom his wife expected to see enter—nobody at all. A fter a brief panse the door was closed again, and tbe steps were beard receding along the passage after tbe most approved ghost story fashion. When Dr. Boyd- Carpenter arrived upstairs half-an-bour later, his wife related (he circumstance, and he recollected tbat the day was June 26, and tbat King CborleB was traditionally supposed t o 4* walk " iu that house on that night Tbe cattle authorities at Windsor do not appear to have hitherto paid tbat attention to its distinguished visitants from beyond the 6tyx whieh tbe shades have every right to expect, jo tho way of recording the various apparitions aud tabulating tbe annual dales thereof, which may account for the infrequency of tbeir visits in recent times. Nothing, ooe Imagines, ould wound the feelings of the average Royal Ghost more deeply than, after aking tbe trouble to eome some coniderable distance to show itself, to find no one about tbe time from whom it ight exact tbe unwilling homage of a “dose of cold shivers/* 