1OCU L'OCUU u IN AltT. HOW SOME PERSONS WHO THINK THEY KNOW.;' AREi SWINDLED. Queer Trilcks Prnetieed by len Whin lInke Sa Iý"tUin 19th ~encii.snd nrush,-Cas tsonlots With SloreThas Oneasmoe--One Who Madle Ilis Ghost Famus... Artists: who sign: their names to pice tures that 'other iaih painit are quite: plentiful in this town. In a little store on Fourth avenue, just.around the cor ner from the American Academy of De-' sign, there are some very pretty exam ples of. water coloring, for sale. The signature in the corner of each canvas is that of a woullan. The dealer was in t a. cominnicntlive mood the other day, and' as li was' talking with a reporter he picked nup on of- the paintinigs and held 'it to the light fdr:chservation and dicnussioin. "That woman brings some very good work in here for me to sell," said he. "'There .is one peculiarity about her, though. _ She always writes her signa ture in "my:shop.'.' The dealer:paused as though to:be questioned. . . Why does she do that?" was asked. "Well, 1 suppose she doesn't like to put it on at the studios where the pie tares are painted." . "She doesn't paint her own pictures, then?" " "Not all of them. It's easier to pick them up hero and there and bring them to me to sell I don't know how much she pays the artists who paint them,'and I don't care. ' It's none of my business. 1 All I know is that the work is very. good and that I can get good prices for it. I1 suppose she. is building up a reputation on the strength of These caunrses. Well, why shoilidn't she? Shle gives work to a lot of people who would pirobibly starve otherwise. You see, scores of I persons can fiint pictures and very 'few have the knack of getting them scld." Sometinies an artist signs mdrore than I one name to his own work. This hap- 1 pens every day on some of thBe illostrat ed weeklies published for Broadway circulation.. The publisher doesli t like .1 to see one man's name signed to'every cartoon or fill page picture. He does not want it known that his staff of art ists is so 'small.. Not long ago one!of the cleverest of the illustrators used to I sign his own natme to the big two page picture in the middle of the periodical and a norn de plume to the first page drawing every week, In a little while he began to receive letters addressed to the assumed name, giving orders for work and full of compliients. 'He had built up a reputation for the imythical artist'which he could not get for him self. . His pride was hurt, but he swal lowed, the: humiliation and proceeded to increase the fame anl the revenue of his ghiet. A New York artist who draws for the pictorial weeklies tells a story of his experience in England at a time when all the publishers were demandiing .French illustrators and had no use for native talent. This particular artist know that hlo could cut corsages as low. and skirts as high as an;y Frenchman that ever lived. He had spent several vacations and lots of hard earned mon ey in seeing the particular sido of Pa risian life that the publisherswere howl ing for at that particular time. He assumed a ver.- Frenchy name, wrote in that language altogether and submitted his sketches, which already out- Frenched the Frenchmen in their naughtiness. Heo made a big hit, his mail orders were numerous, and for many months he enjoyed a lucrative in come under his title of .De Boulanger or whatever it was, while all the other English illustrators were drawing- for the religious weeklies, which 'cannot afford to pay half as big pricts to their artists as their more wicked and "per haps more initeresting cdntelpoiraries In the window of a pictui-e store in Harlem thdri were eziiosed for sale not long ago two 'small danvases with the. magicnano 'of Corotin the corner. The' 'price of eachb was $250. 'Now, a genu ine Corot' is wuorth nn-ywhere from $1,' 000 'up. Was it" a'mistake or an at tempt at swindling? The pictures were lis Corot's style, and only' an' expeAf could tell whether they were genuine or not. The dealer would give :no written guarantee. He said he believed the twvo canvases were genuine, and he explain ed the. low price by saying that he bought the pictures from a man in hard luck.who was ignorant of their value. The purchaser took all the risk. If the pictures were'not genuine Corots, their real value was' anywhere from $5 to $5o0. That is one of the queer things in the art business. There are pawnbrokers.in this town who have been known to go into a pic ture swindling scheme, as more than one credulous buyer has learned to his cost. It is not an infrequent occur rence for an amateur in art to be ap proached with a tnquest to buy a pawn ticket calling for a lot of pictures pledg ed for, say, $100. Thld pictures, the stranger says, are worth at least $250. =e will sell the ticket for $25. If the amateur buys it, he pays not only the $25 for the ticket, but the $i100 and in terest to the pawnbroker. It is a perfectly Eafe and easy nmeth od of swindling. Neither the pawvn broker nor the ticket seller is likely to be caughl T he pictures uily only be wortih $10. It cannot be proved that the pawnbroker knew this or that the other moan lkew it, for that matter. The victim hals scarcely any mnode of redress. Swindles like this woull not be possible but for the fact that very manny men believe they kiow all there is to be known about art, whei, as a matter of fact, they knImow nothing at all. Or, in other words, "the crop of suckers never fails," to quote the old maxim of the green goods ,lealrr.--New York World. 