Local and General. ' Glen Iris ' is admittedly the most pic turesque and valuable property in the South Western Districts. This can be proved by inspection and comparison. — Advt. 'We regret to have to record the death of Mrs. Mary Clifford, which occured on Sun day last at the residence of her son-in-law. Mr. Brennan, Lower Blackwood. The de ceased came to the colony in the ship 'Sophia' in 1850, and had resided in the Vasse district for 46 years. Her husband died about 18 years ago. She was a very kind-hearted, industrious woman, and was held in great respect. She sold her property near Newtown several years ago, and being an old woman went to live with her daughter Mrs. Brennan. The remains were brought to Busselton and interred in the R.C. Ceme tary. In the absence of the priest, Mr. Thos. Fox read the burial service. The secretary of the Donny brook sports desires us to state that the prize monies for the underhand handicap chopping contest (£25) and the standing block contest (£25) will be allotted as follows : — 1st prize, £18 ; 2nd £5 ; 3rd £2. Mr. F. F. Macalpine. M.A., who has been collaborating with Mr. Pascoe in the 'history of Western Australia' has chosen for his life-long compa nion the eldest daughter of Dr. T. H. Lovegrove Chief Medical Officer of the colony and who has been for many years Government Medical Officer for this district. Mr. Macal pine is a man of high academic at tainments and we wish every success to him and to his intended bride who was born in Bunbury and held in great esteem by people here. Both services at Wesley Church next Sunday will be conducted by the Rev. A. C. Plane. In the morning the subject will be the conference motto. — '' Back to the Holy Ghost.'' And in the evening Miss Mason of Victoria will sing a sacred solo ' The Holy City.' The. subject of the sermon will be ' Regeneration.' A cordial invitation is extended to all The Midland Railway Coy,s employ ees hold their annual picnic in Bun bury this year. A special train from Geraldton will bring down passengers from stations en route arriving in Bunbury at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning leaving on the return jour ney at 7-15 in the evening. The num ber of visitors expected is about 400 and they will hold their sports on the Recreation ground. Mr. I. K. Darlington, Superinten dent of boring operations, returned from the Vasse last evening. A commencement has been made to further test for coal on the Vasse, on the mineral area about 8 miles west of the site of the bore which had been abandoned at a depth of over 600 feet. Mr. Darlington has decided upon two other places in Bunbury to test for water. The hand drill will be used to find out the strata to a depth of 100 feet. The s.s. Croydon arrived this morning from Fremantle with 100 tons of cargo, principally bone-dust, for Messrs. Thos. Hayward and Robert Forrest — transhipped cargo ex Maritta. The Croydon, after dis discharging, returns to Fremantle. Messrs. Hayward & Son are the agents. The s.s. Karrawera arrived to day from Fremantle. She has a quantity of cargo for Bunbury, shipped at Fremanrle through steamers. The Karrawera sails from here for the Eastern Colonies. Messrs Fitzgerald Bros, renowned circus-show will open in Mr. W. Spencer's field in Sterling street on Monday evening next, and will show on the following evening in the same place. The visit of such a combin ation is the event of a decade and no one should by any chance miss seeing it. Readers of eastern colonies papers — especially the Bulletin — in which many clever and flattering cartoonlets of the show have appeared, are aware of the huge nature of this wonderful show. There are educated horses, one of which is alleged to be able to hold converse with anyone, there are lions, tigers, panthers, leopards, dingoes, &c.; The company of 60 persons include some of the cleverest ladies and gentlemen entertainers and inimitable clowns. The general elections will probably be held about the end of this month, In the course of a speech by the Piemier at the Federal Convention, in which he made a plea for the expedition of the business on the ground that the Western Australian delegates would have to return before the 14th of April, as the elections would then be in full swing he said the writs for the election would be issued before that date. Mr. W. H. Speed's 'World Novelty Company' of 20 star artists will play in the Masonic hall, to-morrow even ing. A descriptive advertisement appears in another column of this issue. Mr, Simpson, at Geraldton. dilated upon the food duties, which he con sidered oppressive. He warmly ad vocated the abolition of the duty upon flour, potatoes, oatmeal, onions, ham and bacon, pork, dried fruits, currants, raisins, tinned meats and jams The country he explained could not produce sufficient of these articles to supply the demand. For similar reasons he favored the aboli- tion of the duty on fruits and haz arded the opinion that it was not the codlin moth but coddling money in the pockets of the Agricultural Bureau, which was responsible for the present system. He favored the abolition of the stock tax, which had been clapped on hurriedly and was not needed. A billiard match has been arranged to take place at an early date between Harry Power, a well-known exponent of billiards, and Fred Lindrum who defeated Leffler, for a side wager, the conditions being that Lindrum shall concede Power 300 points in a game of 3000 up. The match will prob ably take place in the billiard saloon of De Baun's Palace Hotel. Perth. The new railway service for the South-Western line and branches commenced yesterday morning. The time-table appears In this issue and has so far given very general satisfaction. The Victorian authorities have had a statement in the item of federal defence prepared showing the share payable by each colony on the basis of its population at 31st December last. The liability for the total amount of £126,000 is distributed as follows :— Victoria, £34,243 ; New South Wales, £37.820 ; Queensland, £13,762 ; South Australia, £10,499 ; West Australia, £4,021; Tasmania, £4,841 ; New Zealand, £20,814. The total population upon which the apportionment was based is 4,328,168, including 1,297,640 in New South Wales and 1,174,888 in Victoria. The statement has been forwarded to the several Govern ments for their consideration. The party of men who were en gaged boring for water with the calyx drill, opposite the hospital, are now putting down a hand bore on the reserve next to Mr. Duce's residence, White Road. Work was suspended at the bore opposite the hospital, on account of the hardness of the rock, and they are testing the depth before they remove the plant of the calyx drill. The 'Junction Hotel' which is being built for Mr. Chas. Eggleston at Prosser's corner, is rapidly ap proaching completion. It will have quite an imposing appearance when finished. The top floor will command a good view of the charming sur roundings. The building is two storey with balcony in front 8ft wide. The principal entrance is from the Blackwood road by a vestibule 8 ft. square, with large circular arch, pilasters, cup and box mouldings. The hall is 8ft wide to the back en trance. The staircase will be of kauri pine with large moulded Sydney cedar polished. To the left hand is a passage leading to a spacious bar with glass doors. To the right, is the smoking and dining rooms. The kitchen is detached. On the upper floor is a wide landing leading to bed rooms, and a passage to large draw ing room, with French casement to balcony. Mr. Chas Balding is the architect, and Mr. T Fry the con tractor. We are asked to state that the annual general meeting of the Bun bury Football Club will be held at the Prince of Wales Hotel on Wed nesday evening next at 8 o'clock. Mr. Jas. Boddington late license of the Ballagundi Hotel, near Kalgoorlie and who is well known in this dis trict, is at present in Bunbury on a visit with his wife. 