\msm cabnivals. A CHARGE OF LIBEL. '' (Continued from page 6.) Francis Corlette, shorthand writer, said he ?was the writer of the alleged libel. He bad known Manders for eighteen years. Witness sug gested the ' article, ? and then learned that the sub-editor had talked the matter over with Nor ton. ? Mr. Norton: In fact, the ghost of Manders was haunting 'Truth.' W.-M. Sherrie, a journalist and part proprietor ct the Albury 'Daily News,' said he knew Man ners, whose. reputation at Albury was that of an adventurer, a parasite of society. « Mr. Norton: Ha! we are getting biological now. (Lsughter.) Witness (continuing) said he' had unfortunately business transactions with Manders. His firm were the printers of 'Table Talk.' He got a judgment against Manders. . Mr. Norton: And you are ready to garnishee the verdict he gets here. (Laughter.) Witness (continuing) said that Manders had not sued him for libel.. He had published* what the defendant had published in 'Truth.' In an swer to Mr. Wise, witness said he believed tbe paragraph produced was printed in the Albury 'Daily News' while he was editor. It was writ ten by Manders himself, he believed, and was put in as a paragraph. He desired to correct a statement that had been made yesterday. He was alleged to have been the promoter of the petition got up against Man ders. He denied that he was either the origi nator or the promoter of the agitation. John Murray, collector of accounts, said he knew Manders, , and had first made his acquaint ance in Melbourne. His general reputation there was a bad one. . This closed the defendant's case. Richard Creagh, superintendent of police in the- Aibury district, was called on behalf of the plaintiff in reply. He knew Manders, and was appointed by the Government to inquire into his general fitness for the position of a justice .of the peace. The result of his inquiries from the citi zens of Albury was that he had ascertained Man ders to be a man of good character. In answer to Mr*. Norton, witness said that Manders's char acter in Albury was a good one. He had not made tbe inquiries himself; he had placed the matter in the hands of Sergeant Brown. Edward William O'Sullivan, M.L.A., said he had known Manders for about twenty years. His general reputation, as far as he knew, was good. He was not aware of his being a gambler. (Proceeding.) 