THE DAY OF REST, A SERMON. [Preached by the Hev. W. COOKE, Rcctor of All Saints' Church, Koouta.] Which things also we speak, not in words which man's wisdom teaclieth. but which the Spirit teaclietli, comparing spiritual tilings with spiritual. Now the natural mail receiveth not the things of the Spirit uf God, for they are foolishness unto Him, and he cannot know tliem, because they are spiritually judged.—1 Cor. ii. 13-11 (E.V.). (Concluded.) Again, the unassisted reason of man does not always rightly judge between the quality of truths and of moral and religious acts. All truths are not equally valuable, though each has its own particular value and its own place in tho system of truth to which it belongs. As to the value of truths. It is trite to remark that a man may not be a Christian though he is moral in his life, but ;ar.uot be a Christian uuless he is moral. Yet tho simple distinction is frequently lost sight of, or. indeed, denied. There may also be found those who reject as '* gospel" a sermon which treats of dishonesty, the sin of lying, drunkenness, selfishness, uncleanncss, or uny other form of "moral" evil. Preach, say they, the " Gospel" to us, and not these things, thus undervaluing or misplacing truths which must have place and power in Christian character. Oilier truths have also in turn been under or over valued or misplaced in religious life. As, for example, tho doctrine of faith and good works, each right in its place, but comparatively valueless when taken out of its proper setting in the system of truth. So also the Deity and humanity of Our Lord. To put one in the place of the other, or to entirely separate them, would rob the Christian religion of its strength aud f beauty. Much coufusion has often risen also ab in connection with the doctrine of the Holy Trinity where proper formal distinctions S have not been observed in the relation of each person's work in tho economy of salvation. The same may be said about the doctrines of faith and man's uses of them, as, for example, where efficient and instrumental causes have been confounded. Man not infrequently pays tithes of mint, cummin, and anise, and leaves unheeded the weightier matters of the law. d trfhcttBHabetwuioaa H But besides tho quality of truths, I wish to observe that the spirit of our actions in Christian life is to be properly discerned and rightly understood. It must be evident to all Bible-readers that what was allowed in the Old Testament dispensation is not allowed in the New—neither as to actual morality, nor to the spirit of a man's mind. Take as an illustration of this some of the Psalmist's prayers against his enemies. "Give them according to their deeds, and according to the wickro ness of their endeavours. Give them after the work of their hands; render to them their deserts." r " Let them be confounded and put to shame that seek after my soul, let them be a turned back and brought to confusion that devise my hurt. Let them be as chaff before s the wind, and let the angel of the Lord chase them. Let their way be dark and slippery, and let the angel of the Lord persecute them." These only from many instances. Put our Lord's teaching alongside these imprecations. " I BRy unto you, love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you, that ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven." Take again Elijah's calling down fire from heaven to destroy the two companies of fifty men and their captains. That was permitted, was the act of one of the holiest and mighty men of God. But when the Samaritans refused to receive Christ into one of their villages, aud John and James in anger against them said, " Lord, wilt thou that-we command fire to come down from heaven and consume them, as Elias did?" the Lord turned and rebuked them, saying, "Ye know plot what manner of spirit ye are of; for the Son of Man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." They had not yet received the discerning and true spirit of judgment. The force of this argument is more strikingly manifest when we carry it into the rc-gion of Christian experience. You must know that a man may be nominally a Christian but not one vitally. He may ha^ts the form of godliness but not the power. That is to say. his intellect may have asfeuted to formal statements and principles of truth : but there he has stopped. The essence of the truth, its spiritual energy, he knows nothing of; he has never realized it in his life. Why is this? Reason has done its duty as far as it could. It has examined these truths, seen their beauty, reasonableness, and fitness for life, and acknowledged them; but that was the limitation of its powers. There are facts of Christian consciousness lying beyond the province of reason with which reason has nothing to do, and cau "Sever handle. But let me warn you at this point when I use the words " experience of religion'^ I am not speaking of a life of' emotion, of strong and excited feeling, uncontrolled ecstasy, or anything of the exaggerated sort which so often passes by the name of "having religion." That mav be the pijrcii. j.uiuuxncin, u is only a travesty of pure religion aud undefiled before God and the Father. What is meant by "experience" is a man's sober realization of an indwelling spiritual power of holiness—a life conscious, of communion with God; a life deeper and higher and fuller than the natural life. It has its roots in God : a simple trust, a childlike dependence, a spirit of love ana of obedience. It looks to Him for pardou of sin, grace, guidance, and spiritual knowledge. And all this not contrdictory of reason, but Cnly carrying the life forward, where reason cannot lead, but carrying reason with it that it also may partake of divine light aud power. This experience of religion is a f:>.et tcstilied to by God's saints in the long history of " the holy Church throughout all jUto world," and this is the conscious Christiiu; life, the indwelling of that light which ligftteih every man that cometh into the world. It differs from the mere natural man as the living body does from the dead body, or as mere intellect differs from the energy of the Spirit of God. The Apostle says these things are not received by the natural man; they are foolishness to him. He does not accept them, though offered, because he has no appreciation "of them. Ho counts them foolishness. They are beyond his present knowledge, and he is not blessed with a hunger aud thirst after righteousness. But why are the things ot the Spirit foolishness to some men? Do they mean to say that because they have no knowledge of them theiefore they cannot be known? But that itself is a foolish and unreasonable position to take up; for if a man have tasted honey, surely no one cau convince him that he does not know what sweetness is. Experience in this cannot be set aside by another man's ignorance. A blind man says, "I know nothing of the beauties of the world, the sunlight, the flowers, the starry sky, the moon walking in brightness, the glories of the landscape; how cau vou?" And he laughs at you for asserting what you most surely see and know. Would you accept that judgment? Have ycu not eyes to see? Don't you know there are beauties all around you? Would you give them up because a Door blind man says he does not see them? When St. Paul says, "Eye hath not seen nor ear heard, neither have entered the heart of man the things which God hath prepared for them that love Him. But God hath revealed them unto us by His Spirit," have we auy ground for saying that Paul was talking" foolishness. Agaiu, when he says, "We glory in tribulation aisc, knowing that tribulation worketh patience, and patience experience, and experience hope, and hope maketh not ashamed, because the love of God is she I abroad in our hearts by. the Holy Ghost which is given unto us," is he not speaking the sober language of things which be kn^r—the facts of experience—and can anybody who has not that experience say they are not true? There is a simple law of fact in the physical life where the weak man cannot understand the forces of the strong man; the same in intellectual life, where the untutored mind cannot follow the man of education aud culture. So also in morality, where the base and unclean soul has no appreciation of the man of noble sentiments, lofty motives, and virtuous conduct. And there is a region of experience which transcends and goes deeper than mere morality or pure intellect, where man lives in conscious fellowship with God, receiving the .things of the Spirit, walking in the Spirit, and bringing forth the fruits of the Spirit. In conclusion, I trust it has been made clear that in religious matters the unaided humau judgment is not infallible, or even competent to attain to perfect righteousness. Sin, an awful indisputable fact in human life and conduct,, cannot be overlooked when we are dealing with spiritual and eternal things. Its presence is a disturbing elemept, and it has seriously interfered with the magnetic needle ir. the guiding compass of the soul, so that in our voyage over the troubled ana and tr.irK dark sea ot of | life ;nan has no certainty th: „t 1„ _:ii -(.„_ straight, for the port of Heav triMmnV I ;avcu Vi-hoiii a Pilot who is wiser and more skilful than himself. I We have seen that the human judement is : —(1.) Defective. It lacl.-s knowledge. It j knows not the things of God, and for the soul j to be without knowledge is not (rood. No I judgment can be reliable which proceeds ill i ignorance. j 2\. It is also erratic. It often puts wroufr for : right, sin for holin.-f•=, darkness for light, and I error for truth. The murky darkness of sin confutes and misleads , man in his ,., travels , to i eternity, lie errs P-.d ffoes a«trav like a lost ! sheep. ' It ., is also , wiliul. .. . It persists — in its own - . strength, and relies ou its ov.-n powers, blinded ! by the god^jf this world. It does not submit j standing darkened, being alienated from the•• [ life of God, through the ignorance that is in ] them, because of theolindnefs of their hearts." j But wa have seen also th.it f^rl n™, . I leave man alone in darkness and helplessness. I The people which ear in darkness saw a great 1 light, and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death, to them did light spring up." To this light men are called that they may walk in it and not stumble. It is the light of life—for faith, knowledge, and conduct. By this light men receive, know, aud do the things of God. For the Spirit enters the submissive heart, illuminates, guides, cheers, and constrains to willing obedience. \ This is the help of God for man. He who receives the Spirit shall know the truth as it is in Jesus, for He takes of ihe thinprs of Christ and shows them unto us. And believing thus in man's inability to save himself aud his need of spiritual illumination and guidance we do not cease to pray: God, who it this time didst teach the hearts of Thy faithful people by the sending to them the light of Thy Holy Spirit, grant us by the same spirit to have a right judgment in all things, and evermore to rejoice in His holy comfort through the merits of Jesus Christ our Saviour. Amen. 