? ? THE ADELAIDE HOUNDS. [By FOLLOWER.] Tho meet on Saturday was at the Marryatville Hotel, and at the appointed hour there was a large muster, both of hunting men and of the read contingent. The weather appeared in the morning to bs very promising for a smart run, as t!je fjronnd.vras ia good condition; and fortunately for those who were out the rain held off, and by the time we got to the kill it was as pleasant an afternoon ascould be wished for, so that all those who saw the run could congratulate themselves upon having spent a most enjoyable afternoon. At the third fence The Ghost gave his rider an ugly-looking fall, but fortunately after being driven back to town ho was able to go about as. usual. The start took place near the schoylhouse over a nice club fence into Messrs. Cooler &. Sons' paddocks. Then a nice little double over the Avenue and an easterly routs took as via a double into the South Australian Company's paddocks, which aro in the occupation of Mr. J. Creswell. Wheeling to the left, the Kensington-road double landed us in Sir. V,\ Pile's field, and another fence brought us into the Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company's paddock. Thence they headed for the hills, and turned ofi to the leftover Mr. Lillywhite's paddock, then along a road till the Magillroad was crossed, aud over the paddocks of Mr. ColviUe, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Wilsou, Mr. Burden, Mr. Moule, and a stiff pest aud rail into Mr. .1. S. Reid's Rostrevor property. After jumping on to the road, as Mr. Reid does not happen to be in the colony, Mr. W. A. Wood had thoughtfully provided some light refreshments, which were partaken of on the picturesque lawn. After a few minutes' check, and while we were admiring the lovely gardens and pretty view, came a quick call to lorse. Getting away we were soon galloping across the pretty park at Stradbroke, the property of Mr. Pearce, where there are some real good fences over a familiar line of country, and after following a little piece of road they jumped into Mr. Maurice's property, aud there we jumped some half-dozen or so of good club fences, till we pot into Mr. A. Fox's land, and reaching the foot of the hills found the going a bit rougher. The kill took place in the paddock of Air. Addison. Amongst the field we were pleased to notice a new member, Mr. A. Sells, on Curiosity, aud it is to be hoped Ms example will be followed by many others. Hunting is one of the finest sports we know, and no doubt our new member will be the most eager of all to wish thatnext Saturday should come quickly. Tho others were:—The Master. Mr. F. H. Downer, on Kingfish, Messrs. F. Donaghy on Jackeroo, H. D. Young on Lubra, W. A. Wood on Alma, H. C. Cave on Ringwood, J. T. Love on Explorer, D. Waite on Skyscraper, T. MeFie on Imcn, F. J. Gray on Brownie, F. S. Toms on Quickshot, G- A. Roe on Warringie, A. G. Hay on Sneaker, A. Edwards on Tarradale, aud Collins, the Huntsman, on Aberdeen. Derrick rode Little Bob with the drag, and out for qualifications were Barnes ou Cyrus (a horse that went exceedingly well}, Pitchford on Postal, D. MacCallum on Overwood, Burns ou Terror. Some of our hunting members followed around on the roads waiting for their horses' recovery. After such a smart and warm ride, the Master kindly invited the members to come into his hospitable home at Hilltop, where a parting stirrup-cup—of tea or otherwise — aud light refreshments put a finishing touch to a very pleasant afternoon's sport. Then all had to jog along homewards, and talk of the wonderful deeds of their respective nags, how the new ones arc shaping, and so forth until the near approach of the city parted the company for a week. 