SPORTING. Turf Notes. The Hon. W. A. Long returned lo Sydney from England last week. The veteran English sire Hampton drinks three bottles of stout a day and a few " nobblers " of whisky as well. Besides making the New Zealand Cup prize of 1898 2,000sovs, the Canterbury Jockey Club's programme committee are recommending that I,400s&vs; be added to the Derby of 1889. The total amount of stakes proposed to be provided, for the eighteen races of the. three days' progiammc for the Perth Cup meeting of the W.A. Tuif Club, in January next, is £3,110. The.Knglish filly by Prince Rudolph whom Mr. S, Hordern imported to Sydney with the stallionB Gigue and Haut Brion has been put into work at Bandwick. According to a London Exchange Mr. W. B. Wilson, who is staying in England, was most favorably impressed with the English steeplechasers, and he is of the opinion that the Liverpool National Steeplechase winner Manifesto is faster than anything wc have in Australia. Ml' Wilson has visited several of the studs, and he tbinfcs that Trenton and Carbine will hold a prominent place in the English stud book. " The Australian fences must bs good for the trade, as they manage to crack up more cross-country horses than any other country in the world. It would be, we should say, quite possible to have unyielding fences without fortifications like these colonial jumps, the least liberty with which uitans death or disablement to the unfortunate horse, and sometimes, and not unfrequcntly, one or the other to bis jockey also."—The " Indian Planters' Gazette" on Australian steeplechase fences. When Croagh Patrick, a horse imported to Victoria in 1868, won the Stewards Cup at Goodwood in 1861, there were 46 BTalters. This is the biggest field on record in any race, but at Roschill the other day the Australian record was raised to 43. Previous to this The Ghost won in a field of 42 at Caulficl l, and most people know that there were 41 starters for the Caulfield Cup of 1885—the race which resulted in tbe biggest smash ever furnished by a race. There were no falls in Croagh Patrick's race, but there were two at Roschill, and such large fields are not to be desired. 