Society anil Fashion, BY "RITA." His Excellency the Governor and Lady Rrassey entertained at dinner on Fri day. 2nd April:— Hon. Robert and Mrs Rest. hon. Henry C.uthbert, hon. H. R. and Mrs Williams, hon. S. and Mrs Wil liamson and Miss Williamson, hon. Wii- liam M'Culloch, Mayor of Melbourne. Mrs and Miss Strong, Commander Adams (H.M.S. Pylades). hon. O. and Airs Sachse, Mr and Mrs R. J. Alcock, Professor and Mrs Tucker, Dr. and Mrs Marshall, Mr and Airs David Syme, and Miss Synie.Mrs and Miss Mathieson. hon Airs Freeman Thomas, Lord Shaftesbury, Lord Richard Nevill. Dr. Emily Ryder's health lectures have been very well attended by women during the last few days. Interest has been well sustained, and those who at tended got many practical hints on subjects of interest to women. Better still, they had their thoughts directed to the channel in which the thoughts of the brightest minds in Europe and America run on matters pertaining to the well- being of women. This is what is want ed, So many women are terribly afraid or tlu-ir own thoughts. They feel, they know, some course, not usually pursued in regard to their clothing, mode of living, or In whait is usually demanded of them by relations, is not just, or healthy, or beneficial to them as women, yet they are afraid of their thoughts on the subject all too often. They want some one moderate and sen sible in her methods and ideas to give them courage, not alone to harbor their thoughts, but to put them into execu tion. Others, again, cannot contend against domestic opposition. Take the case of a daughter of well-to-do parents, wishing to fit herself for an avocation not congenial to every stronger will than hers in the domestic circle. There is only one w.ay to overcome that. Arake uj) your mind to have the strong est will there. Do right, and go ahead. N'.'W'. women ail round want that spirit. lie taught to take their lives in their own hands, and to have the leadership and sustenance of a woman who has Ik rsi.-ii " ijeen through the mill" as a voikei-, and knows what she is talking about, is most beneficial to them. I lave heard women lecturers who have told their auditors that every misery women suffer from springs from— men. now. if you ask the average man — at j'-asi, I have heard so — what all his tumbles in life arise from, he will say— 'omen. Dr. Ryder takes the view that J have often put forth— and that I would see MR forth, with variations, v a tt is well grasped by J L "\ of Ule lag-last type— that all ''"ii s troubles are in their own hands cause or cure. And she points out .< causes, and suggests a cure. The monnf" S Vi" shouId cme out para- unt when once she has decided a k", v,r .'t g?d tor her- She should first out u 5s "suable, and then carry little reformation. You . eive you some points, thinking "0t Court 'Hness by it ti and talking about for e is a craze now women ?unlm8 sur?5cal operations on men at should be resisted by wo- in-s q", f these cuttings and scrap- worn ?mU1?neCesSary' Though many iniarimit th®y are verY M. it is only evor ir.it u"' the suggestion of who- ful th Vim e ls som6thing dread- would ,, rith the,a' That men these ever submit to an epidemic of the onera 011S" That en talk of tV-v , and seem Proud of what on Th? SOaf, thrcugh, and so it goes such an y say' "N. I never had but nn"5 Sf !. an operation performed, kent im'n as thouSh that sister by LwA6. l esPcctability of the family for w o nE tU1 the other eat ready and w'!"/ That WOmen ai"C uow alive tions wi have refused these opera- That'w refusal meant death, ciotl in shoa!d attend to their diet, ' tion qL ' ,e?ercise' rest, and recrea- d would not have any critical periods In life as they are encouraged to believe. Thai it Is unnatural for women to have the pain that they go through as natural and are taught to expect. That they should be ashamed to confess to some of the ailments they regard as na tural. I do not want to miss this chance to impress on women that a great deal of this sort of thing comes from — after ignorance— pure indolence. Women in any sort of business have better health as a rule, because their thoughts are in other and more healthy channels. I have, ere this, explained to my friends that I could quite easily affect all these fancy ailments if I had only time. One does not like to be too much out of the fashion. It is largely a question of time. Dr. Ryder urges mothers to cultivate themselves more to keep pace with their husbands and children. After recognis ing and discharging their duty to them selves, to put themselves in a better posi tion to carry out their duty in their homes, to find out the best way to pro ceed, and to then carry out their ideas. Children should be trained by kindness, and trained not to give trouble. Their diet should be regulated. That women ruin their health, and complexions by inattention to small things. The ther mal bath to induce perspiration is the best way of breaking up a cold. That women should have a silent restful half hour twice a day to soothe their nerves. They work at too high pressure, and get nervous, irritable, and all goes wrong. Now from these representative points those who have not heard these lectures can judge somewhat of their style and scope. Many, if not all, of the points I have put before you already. Those who from time to time have been very angry with me for views expressed will not be pleased with Dr Ryder's opinions of such people. Simply they are all be hind the times. These matters are all of great and increasing interest to women. The breathless' interest with which the lectures have been followed showed me that it was worth reproduc ing some features of the discourse, for those to whom this epitome will be all the help they will get in an endeavor "not to be ill" or "sound well women radiating health instead of disease," to quote the lecturer. It is necessary to add for the benefit of those who do not know their own minds that these views are not new and are approved by some of the leading physicians in the world. When will women drag themselves up to this level and be ready for such another forward step as those who think for them may advocate? This is tlie power in their own hands that they are now abusing, A gentleman writes me as follows ; — "Dear Madam,— Last evening I accepted an invitation to a farewell dance and was rather disappointed with the treat ment that I received as a guest, and which is only too common at our dances here. That is, not one man asked me had I partners, or in any way looked after their guests' enjoyment whatever. Indeed, I only had one dance, and that with a relative, and not only was I an noyed, but felt insulted to see one well known fellow dancing with another man when hosts of gentlemen and ladies who were invited were sitting out dances to the most ravishing music. I have experienced this treatment at some half dozen invitation dances, and took the liberty of writing to one whom I have the greatest faith in, as knowing how thorough your superior knowledge of these things is, and would feel deeply grateful if in some of your spare time you would write on this subject. This letter is of great interest to many, now that the season is opening. Many gentlemen who are blamed for not dancing have before this written to me and assured me verbally that usu ally the stewards and masters of cere monies are so very remiss in attending to their duties that they cannot get in troductions to partners. Alany men undertake the duties of an AI.C. , pin on a rosette or the distinguishing badge, and skip about and do anything but at tend to the particular duties they have undertaKen. This applies to some mayoral and fashionable subscription balls. I have been told of a gentleman who insisted on being an M.C. at a ball in order to decorate himself with the badge and fuss round near the Govern ment House party. He did nothing else at that particular ball except recu perate his wasted energy with some thing that sent liim to sleep in the Council chamber, where lis was found when he was wanted to fuss round when the Governor left. Manx'— in deed the majority— of the stewards and masters of ceremonies think they should have nothing to .do. AVhereas men specially qualified should be selec ted, and Nelson's signal slightly altered should be the recognised motto of ail their badges, viz., "The committee— to say nothing of the guests— expect that everx steward this night will do his duty." Then the balls would be very different in many ways. xnese officers should be more care fully selected, and a recognised list of rules of what is required of them should be drawn up. The stewards would lie glad of this help, because eti quette is not their strong point in some cases, and thex' simply have not a ghost of an idea what is correct or incorrect. There is a certain amount of work and energy needed to make balls successful and pleasant, in tlie social sense, to the patrons, .and those clubs who give annual balls and at balls regularly given for chari ties those managing would do well too see that the rosette is onlxr given to capable men if they would have their balls successful in ail the competition that therels ln these matters now. Any one 'oriee1 undertaking the duties should carry them out more faithfully than they 'generally do for their own credit sake, and the reputation of the ball. What would people think of a host who did not In the least consider his guests' comfort or pleasure. These resetted gentlemen stand somewhat in the position of a host at the subscription balls, and I have 110 hesitation in saying that they should be more carefullx7 selected and attend bet ter to their work in very many instances. The tea room at the Warrawee Club has been rearranged, furnished and de corated bx' the generosity of some ladies of the committee. The room is now man aged by the house committee and every effort will be made to make the room at tractive. A circular , letter has been sent to members informing tliem of the changes, made and requesting tlieir co operation in making the Warrawee a centre for women and more useful to them. A piano is badly wanted, and the committee promise to take everx" care of one if any one should lend an instru ment The rooms are open to the public from 10 to 7.30 p.m., and hot luncheon is served from JJJ-to-2.-The subscription is only 10s pfijl ytef- ahhuht.;. O n, ih&Jtnd; Tnstr"Alrs " 13 rough was At Honi'e'at the, Bijou Theatre to give her roaita; frien'dfi 'ijUiVfcrtuhity of saying good-bx'>. previous to her1' departure for Europe.? " The . stage was, effectively set and deCOrat'eQi,'by- Messrs Gardiner and The illustrations show some pretlx trifles of the bib and iichu order, and readers can decide for themselves which model is most likely to serve their pur pose. No. 1 illustrates a square x'oke piece of white satin, faced with x'ellow guipure, and richly ornamented with tiny jet beads. The edge of the x'oke is formed by a broad jet passementerie laid over the satin. The tliroatlet is of plain white piece satin, with a butterfly bow made of three loops of the satin. The deep frill round the edge of this X'oke is made of white Swiss muslin, and the lace at the extreme edge is yellow Valen- ciennes. The model fichu is left open in front in order that our readers max' see the exact manner of making, but when worn the ends of the fichu should he looselx' knotted over the figure — the whole making an ideal evening arrange ment for a matron. The frill is cut on the cross, and is sewn to the x-oke al most all round, with the exception of just in the front, which is left untucked, and over which part the tied ends must be arranged. This little model fastens at the back, the frill and x'oke meeting and fastening quite easilx7 and invisibly vrith tinx' books and ex'es. No. 2 is an open x'oke. and owns one of the new high-tabbed collars. This mo del is made of turquoise velvet (mounted on a lineu foundation) with jet passe menterie arranged as illustrated, while tassels of lace fall along the two fronts and again at the back. This little "sad dle" or x'oke can be worn over a high plain bodice or blouse, or even over an open evening bodice if desired. No. 3 gives the verx' newest and latest sleeve for demi toilette. The rucked lower sleeve is of muslin or satin, and the daintx epaulettes are of the same material, each being edged with an infi nitesimal ruche of yellow lace. Upon the Lewis, and was used as the reception- room. Thus a host of fashionable people made their '' first appearance on any stage." The Bijou orchestra, conducted by Air Deiderichsen, played selections, and during the afternoon Misses Kather- ine Hardy and Afinnie Waugli and Air Wade sang, and Air George Wright plax'ed a violin solo. . In the wings, Afr Edlinger, of tlie Vienna Cafe, dispensed all kinds of delicacies. Air and Mrs Brough had manx nice things said to them by those who went to sax7 farewell. Afanx hope that eventuallx7 Air and Airs Brough will pax7 at least a visit to Aus tralia, and decline to consider this more than au revoir. Amongst those who ac cepted invitations were . — Sir William and Lady Clarke, Dr. T. N. Fitzgerald and the Alisses Fitzgerald, Air and Mrs F. P. Brett, Mr and Mrs J. L. Purves, Mr and Airs XV. T. Coldham, Dr. and Airs Alaudslex7, Dr. C. Ryan, Dr. and Airs Leeper, Aliss Allen, Air and Mrs James Smith, Signora Alajeroni, Dr. and Airs Iredell, Airs and Aliss Byron Aloore, Air and Airs H. Short, Mr and Airs L. K. S. ATackinnon, Afr and Mrs L. Alills.Alr W. Gaston Alervale, Mr AITntxwe, Air and Airs Bland Holt, Air and Airs H. R. Har- wood, Mr and Airs Schuler, Mr Windsor, Alisses Wilson, Air and Airs H. H. Budd, Mr H. H. Champion, Mr G. Alajeroni, Afr Af. Alajeroni, Aliss Ter- riss, Mr and Airs E. Fricker, Air and Airs Benno Scherek, Air and Mrs Colin Templeton. Air and Airs C. S. Cun- top of the shoulder a sniartlx7-tied boxv of white satin ribbon completes the whole and carries with it the conviction of novelty. Such a sleeve can be made in a variety of materials and slipped into a last year's bodice that owned either no sleeve at all or one that had at anx7 rate slipped down to the region of tlie el bow. No. 4 is also specially suggested for evening wear. Braces of lace, either plain or bespangled with jet, look charm ing if arranged upon a low-cut bodice. Bows of tlie wearer's favorite color should then be tied on the shoulders, and a waistband to match will be found an effective finish. These lace braces should'7 be arranged at the back of the bodice as well as at the front; and again, jewelled embroidery will look well used in this manner if no lace is at hand. Zouaves are alwax's useful, and No. 5 shows white satin covered with yellow guipure and edged a small gold braid, while No. 6 is more lovely still and il lustrates a coatee of scarlet cloth, adorn ed with vandx'kes of fine jet embroidery, while around the edge tiny jet balls are set side bx7 side and make the smartest possible finish to this pretty jacket. These zouaves must be carefully cut to fit the figure, mounted on thin canvas, and finallx7 lined with a soft silk. They .are equally suitable for day or evening wear. Finallx7, No. 7 will suggest to the adept with her needle the very daintiest make of collar now in vogue. This dainty trifle is composed of satin and lace. The satin should be white and the lace x'el low. Cut the satin into pointed tabs, then whip on round the edge of each a line of yellow Valenciennes lace, and above this a lace insertion to match. Mount the tabs on to a straight band of satin and the collar is completek I Dingham, Misses Wallen, Mr and Mia Wilkinson. Mr J. F." Catlicart, Mr and Mrs Alaling, Mr and Mrs Morrison, Mr Theodore Fink, M.L.A., Mr Wade. Miss Florence Sexmiour, Miss Mayne, Miss j Templg, the Alisses Hardy, Air and Mrs ' Carry, Aliss Watt-Tanner, Mr Ralph : Roberts, Mr Deiderichsen, Mr C. Brown, I Air. E. C. Corlesse, Air R. S. Smyth, Air and Airs G. B. W. Lewis, Mr and Mrs Mo- ; line, Air and Airs Caleb Porter, Miss Fe:7- I rar. Air W. G. A'Beckett, Air and Airs j Grant Al'Intyre, the hon. Rupert Car- rington, Air and Airs Garne Blain, Air Armes Beaumont, Air Norman Menzies, Afr and Airs Beaver, Miss E. Watson, Air H. Carvill, Mr and Airs W. J. Turner, Air and Airs Chadwick, Air and Airs J, Bucklex7, Air H. Hill, Mr and Airs Bea ton, Aliss Alortyne, Mr Geo. Allan, Mr J. C. Williamson.Mr and Mrs E. B. Man ning, Air and Aire G. S. Tltheradge.Mlsa Titheradge, Air and Mrs Alayne, Air Fer ris, Air Shine, Mr H. R. Roberts, Air W. W. Gaggin. Mr and Mrs W. Allan, Mr R. G. Row, Air F. Row, Mr L. Goldsmith, Letters of regret for unavoidable ab- scence were received from Sir John Alad- den, Dr. Neild, Dr. and Airs O'Hara, Air Gowan Evans, Mr and Airs L. C. Alac- kinnon, Mr Labertouche. Mr Leslie Alac- donaid. Airs Malleson, Air Alolesworth Green, and Air and Airs J. A. Wilson- Trifles for Iteuovatious, 