A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED UV A SCORE OP PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOB BY A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PARMA MENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, LONG CONSIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSI- CIANS OF THE WORLD, HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR PR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the " Australian, Workman.") On Thursday afternoon our repre sentativo made his way co the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvia, 45 Brown lane, Ultimo. He' waa discovered nursing a two- year old biby, aud his face declared bim to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. Ho was up and about atd able to ans wir the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary ques- tions, he said : "You want to know all about my case 1 Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to tboBe who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering V " Well, 12 months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bith in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have be9n in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of che malady I was forced to give up ray billet ab the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms Î" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my boneB in two in every part of me. I bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shak- ing and could ntither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told rae that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of tho order V "No; I came homo and went to bed, and have bsen pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I conld nob walk across the floor; m fact, I could cot get out of bed. I falb then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give np the ghost. My doctor was attend- ing me, and did all be could, by opium and morphia pills, to oaEe the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was Buffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac- terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for 10 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grapp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement de- scribing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the " Australian WorkmaD," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I rr ad io the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Fink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. lb was incredible. I imme- diately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those cratches there 1 Tbey are perfecoly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink PÍIIB, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don'c want them. Ali I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. Yon Bee I am'rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken tho baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved bis life, and made another man of him." A friend who .called iu at this point said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than be did a foit night previously. "I can now, continued JarviB, " have a cold bath, and ail the feeling bas come back in my legs, If I ke er on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and. you know I have to be in the ver j pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to day thar I have been at any time during tht past five years. I ascribe all tht change and benefit to these Pink Pills They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and ¿eel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pilla which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. Bat they cm stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows, me has been anaazid at ths change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes My being ab tub again bas caused quite a sensation oub hera." Such is the remarkable history, and it confirms what is .said in all the chief newspapers of this couutry of the astonishing curss wrought by Dc. Williams' Pi.k Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor a'axy, partial paralysis, and spinal duetse, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blond, such as ai se ni», pale and sallow complexion, genera] muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous head- ache, ¿¿c. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the N S. W. Assembly, | was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Tkomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs 12 months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard t'aï Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance of his recovfrj. He understood Jarvis was refused ad misfsion to tba Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced in curable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else whi> knew tbe facts, astounded ab the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtain- able from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's-place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order 1 box for 2s. 9d., or half-dozan for 14s. 9 1 