THE CIJSTER MASSAC’S, E. It was in January 1876 that Gens. Custer, Terry, and Crook begun a campaign against the Sioux in Montana. At Rosebud on the Yellowstone, Terry estab lished a camp and Custer k'-pt on the search for redskins. Crook was detained in another direction, which left (luster aiili a small force Old Sitting Bull was the mediciue min of the Sioux and gave them advice as to what they should do. On dune 23, Custer struck {Sitting Bull's trail and followed it into the Little Big Horn valley. Cus.'er (xpicting a battle detached Major Rei.o with seven companies to cross the Little Big Horn river, and attack the enemy troui the west. Custer dashed <ff to the right, Reno was on the left and Bent* en m the centre. Custer soon disappeared iu the valley and immediately after Reno and 13cnteen were surrounded by Indians, mid for 24 hours they Fought desperately against over whelming odds. While l!eno and bis men wi re battling for their lives they heard firing in the direction taken by Custer. Jtonlj* lasted a fowr minutes and then ceased. Then Terry arrived from the Yellowstone camp and Reno'-. com* mand was saved. The Indians had all dis appeared before Terry arrived. A search was then made for Gtisler. He was soon found (lead with his men. Major Ih-no was tried by Court Martial for failing to support Custer, lie was a ruined tmn, but there have .always been doubts as to the justness of his punishment, for it is thought by many that Kcno did well to save his command from mvwicre. And many people were not slow in blaming Gen. Caster for dashing into the trap lie did, when by n little strategy ho might have given battle to the reds and inflicted a stwrc punishment upon them. But he waited for no one and some who know him well s«y that his desire to win all the glory for Custer, led him to charge the enemy instead of waiting for Urno. But, who cau tell ? Custer died and not one of h:s brave baud was permitted to escape to tell the hi>tory of that charge. Shell is tho brief history of the Custer massacre. It is many year3 now since that desjierate charge was made by General Custer, and during those years I met with men who had visited tho Custer battle field. 1 also met a number of Sioux who were in the battle, and From differ ent sources l picked up till the information I could in relation to the massacre. Some years ago I met Frank Yates, an Indian agent. Frank had a brother in the 7th Cavalry (Custer’s regiment) who died by Custer's side. Wheu I saw Yates he had charge of old Itain in-tbe-Face, a chief who look the lead in the Custer massacro. Rain-in the-Face was the Indian who, after the battle, cut out Tom Cus ter’s hiart, and bit a ph ee out of it. Tom Custer war, a brother of Gen. Cost»T, and when Kuiu-in-tkc-Face cut his heart out he was ful filling a vow. Some time before the Sioux went on the warpath, Tom Custer bad struck Rain in-the-Faco'for some irivisd matter. The old Indian looked him in the f*ce and said : “Torn Custer, I will cut your heart out for that some day.” lie kept his vow. Gen. Custer’s body was not mutilated, and his death was sudden for he was shot in the bean. Another story of the massacre which was told to me by Yales, who got it from the Indians, was that of a soldier who was with Custer when they charged I ho Indians. When this soldier saw that tln-y were in a trap, he wheeh d his horse and dashed away toward the open valley. Several Indians fol lowed him and he finally gave up *11 hope and* dtawing a pistol he shot himst ll in the head. The Indians declared to Yates that I he >-oldier had a better horse than any of th» frs and that they were just going to give up the chase when they saw the fit-ring man shoot himself. But let us not call it h battle, lor it was simply a massacre. Lately there has been a number of stories published in n'trnrd to Custer, aud among them is one related by a soldier who : was left behind with Bcnt-eu when Custer’ started off to find Sitting Bull. This soldier says that he was one of the first men to reach the Custer battle tirld, and from the signs which he saw he came to the conclusion that Cu-ter and his men were not given a chance to ririke cue blow The men lay in rows upon the ground aud they had evidently fallen together. They rode into the very group of the Indians, who were conc( aled not fifteen feet away when they poured a volley into the little bind which literally melted away like smoke before a Custers cavalry, the Seventh regiment, was always the bitterest foe of the iSibux. The Seventh had harassed the Indians for years and the Indians were glad of a chance to wipe out a third of the entire regiment. Years after when the ghost danci g began, and tho Sioux war broke out at Fine liido agency, the Seventh was again sent into the field to faca their old foes, and it whs then the old Seventh came very near (icing annihilated The regiment was surrounded md actually being overwhelmed by numbers when the Mevenlh arrived and saved the old regiment. And the regiment which came tu ihe rescue was a oegro r* giment. Recent surveys show that one-sixth of the State of Oregon, something over 10,000,000 icres, is covered with dense forests. A species of minute Brazilian spider spins webs so fine that it takes 4,000 of them twisted together to equal the diameter of a human hair. The mortality among cattle at sea resulting Tom cruelty, waut of water, &c.;, was formerly jut down at sixteen per cent., while at tho >resent time it is one per cent. Accounted For. ° But you aro not French ; you are Irish. I want a French nurse.*' “Shure, mini, an’ oi'm Frinoh.*’ “Nonsense. I can tell from your brogue that you are Irish.” •« Ah, mini, tliot’s doo to me bavin* been iuiplojod in Dooblin for tin years. ** Consolation. " This psrrot I can recommend. lie has only one fault; lie makes n toirible row if ho docs not g*t his dinner promptly.* Widow: ”1 shall take him. He will remind mo of my late husband. - -Jrhtgcnd* Blatter. 