— wtFand humor. pr, ay.— ""Well, dear, what do rWk of it!" "Oh, it'» a. broad a. if. „ she.B 25, but she's 35. I can read '"Whatlinee?' "Those you said these jokes were aU r„n" Scribble: " Yob, sir.' rumor: lwhonT Methuselah?" n jqq where I can find the post C0"y?" R»idT stranger to Mr. Trivvet. ?'®G?nofoUB I" replied Mr. Triwet, "I didnt XounANtto'Kerrigan, who has been blown Vnnwder mill) : " Are yez resigned, Ker- »P,V Kerrigan: "No; oi'm discharged- SOSQ tO its . WW cmmTTiKii' "Hit there ! what do you Tramp " Nothin'." Householder : "Then wiir sre you hanging about here ¥ Trsmu "ibis is where I always gets it. "them's one thing about this soaji, ij.m " said the grocer. " It saveB backache, it? Mercy I" Bald 1 the practice woman. "Who wants to save backache? I'd rather "READ TOPBOVB It.— Doubtful Individual : "Sat snake don't measure no six feet long. Showman: "My friend, here's a tape line, and ie caso is not locked, and if .you have any .doubts, just reaoh right in and measure the rep- "n'rrnnBABD ON THE " IND10E3TIO." — " I .understand these birds frequently follow these Xins all the way aoross the ocean just m the lS.ru! nf fretting something to eat. "Humph I IfThey had any sense I should think they'd .choose Borne other line than this. RIOTOUS Realism.— "I painted a winter «ene the other day that was so true to nature 4hat the thermometer in my studio fell 20 sbrerees" "Humph! that's nothing. I minted a portrait of old Brown last veer that so lifelike that I bad to sliave it regularly. - i scene : A social gathering in a university town Two forlorn youths (an academic senior .and a" divinity student) visibly unemployed upon the outskirts. Kind hearted hostess introduces them to each other. "Mr. Brown, I. must dnake you acquainted with Mr. Grden. Mr. Brown is a— a theologue, and Mr. Green is an cpi'demio" Too Much.— Sprightleigh : "Hello, old man, what are you- moping here for? Why aren't you dancing?' FnuxpaB : " To avoid entangle- iments." Sprightleigh : " I didn't know you were so desirable." Fauxpas : "Huh! I'm .not. Fact is, first dance I had I caught my foot in my partner's dreBs and ripped a mile or two of trimming off it; next time, Bome awk- , '' c ' MR S FRASER; M.L.O. ward fool trippei) me, and we both went down . on our hornjs and. knees opposito'each other, as, though we, were hiir|cing at eaoh other ; and the . ! a.i caught my puff button in Miss Fluffy's ! hair, and it took mp'anhour to get-loose. Next time I dance, it'll be. a ghost dance." 