i^ptoealund General News. ^"P'.JttobEBN-Fi.BiiiKQ.—Mr. J. L. Thomp S£Von,irom ■ the Agricultural Department, S'/*ddresied * meeting of farmers in the #/tT<rteo',H*ll- yesterday afternoon on the tll^uewioliof modern farming. A full re :t prill Appear in Saturday's issue. ? Social..—-Dorers of daucing "*nded that the social organised by branch of the A. 0. F. takes "the Town Hall this evening, imittee is working hard to make r a auoeess, and as the demand de ltas been anything but light, enjoyable time can be lookVd rb*td to;: The prices of tickets ere: j iii^Ve 4e, eioglo2s Gd, extra lady Is. pi 9Vocu.cs.—The proprietor of indlej Cplliery at Newcastle has ed the tniners that a reduction of 5d iii&u; wastobe made, bringing the price I to2s f>d per ton. The men hare dtoaccept the reduction, and' the r.is to be brought before Parliament > member for the district. The , _Dd-Collierj is also experiencing, blewith some of the workmen. . .The, "* rrs refnsed to' irork until .one .of -antes reeeired anincrease of Is, 6d meek in his wages. The mine' ger refused Ihb increase, and the nadto close up/during last week, itionof the miners is condemned 1 Miners' Association, and the is endeavouring to arrange a Coosy.—At the .Police Court r morning, before the P.M., a lad ifames M'Caigi 16 years of age, jirgdJ: with absconding from hired ijipeat^famlla. Coot table Jones gare mpeSijbat" he arrested accused In "p-etreeton Monday night. He pare me dFJames Ityan, bat afterwards littedthat his name was M'Caig, and j ad the the ran away from his employer J ;dter SUDdring; because he. had been tto Work on another man's farm at r Creek, and did not consider be was )g fairly treated. -Accused was re ded fill Priday for the production of irranlfrom Tamworth —Jos. Keen an -„s fined 10s 'and costs for a breach of the Jnpnimpel jby-1 aws, by throwing palings m Aefcotm^i sear the Post Office; -and MSiariaod waa fined Ss lor allowing a i B«st PsraBLUHitCKr in the dis 'to aeleet presentations is L. H. '" s*e,*here there is a splendid stock lies, plodta. jewelleiy, and silver i atmostieasonaWepnces.—• SeBIOTJB BEisriKo Accident.—A young man named Thomas Gibbons met with a serious accident on Thursday in the Mount Hae mine, Mann Itiver, near Grafton lie bad put in three dynamite charges in of which the shaft, two of which went off, and to ascertain why the third did not act Gib bons went into the shaft, when suddenly the charge exploded, the unfortunate man receiving the full force of the stuff in his face, cliest, and arms, Willing hands | were soon on the scene, and, no vehicle 1 being procurable, Gibbons was conveyed 20 miles on a stretcher, 25 men carrying him in relays. Fears arc entertained that he will lose his eyesight. Daieyiko.—A very sueemfnl meeting to deal with the dairying industry was held in the Town Hall on Saturday, when Mr. O'Callaghan, the Government Dairy Expert, attended and delivered an in structive lecture. Very important busi ness was transacted at the meeting, and a detailed report will be found in the pre sent issue. On Saturday Mr. O'Callaghan was driren out to Mr. F. J. While's* at Saumarca, end spoke rery favorably of the excellent herd of Channel Island cattle which was shown him during the visit. On Monday he visited Mr. It. W Nicholas* butler factory at Tilbuster, and considers the factory is kept in the best possible banner, everything being clean and in excellent-order. lie aNo inspected Mr. J. 5. Mutter's farm, where he found a well-kept butter-making plant, and the foundation of a useful herd of dairy cattle. Mr. O'Callaghan returned to Sydney on Monday night. . ;A SrDKjnf Gnosr. — An untenanted house at Strawberry Kills, Sydney, liae been on object of much attention during the pAst few days, owing to certain state ments made by two constables. It ap pears thni on Thursday night last Con stable Harland and another policeman were passing the house and noticed some thing black sitting on the doorstep. Thinking it wa* a "sleeper," the officers approached and Harland stretched out liis hand lo grasp the bundle, when to their dismay it rose up and rgniOied through tho thick door. Tho police followed, and for about a quarter of an hour they kept up the chase inside, but only with poor success. As they were leaving the house the officers turned to take a last look round, when they brheld it following in their wake. This was too much for them, and they made all speed out of the house into the street. The police describe their friend as being,of a most extraordinary appearance. It had flappers like a seal, and the head was corered with what looked like bags. A crowd of people turned up the following night to do a bit of " ghost hunting," but his gbostsliip wasn't taking any. A small boy out of the crowd went and posted the following notice on the door: " There will be no appearance of the ghost to night as He is indisposed, owing to the exertions of Thursday when escaping from the police." Lccknow Stmkb—The strike at the mines at Lucknow, in the Orango district, continues without sign of settlement. Orer 400 men are affected by the dispute, and both sides are remaining firm in tbeir decision not to give nay. Meetings are being beld in various purls of the country to raise money for the miners, and funds are coming forwarded very liberally. At Hillgrovc last week £28 was collected, and so far £100 has been received from Coolgardie. The Newcastle miners are sIbu sticking loyally to their comrades. The Bsllarst miners have promised to contribute 2s (3d per week.per man while the strike lasts. Heferriog to the Lucknow strike, the lie v. P; Stevens on Sunday in a forcible address at the Centenary Hull, advocated trades unionism. - Re ferring to the strike he said the com pany thai distributed £30,000 a year in dividends, and naked the turners to live on £1 19s a week, should be crushed out of existence. Whbat Mahkbtb..—Reports from York state that the damage recently done to the spring crops in the wes tern and north-western States of the Union bascaUBcd wild speculation in wheat in Philadelphia aod Chioago, and sales in wheat bava been made at over a dollar per bushel. It is esti mated that the crop in the noTth-wea tern States:will show a ekortsgeof 16,000,000 bushels as compared with the yield of last year. English wheat is",quoted . in the "London msrket at 37a per quarter (4s 7jd per bushel). Biluahde.—Messrs. Wises and Memmott, the two billiard obampiona o£ Australia, while on their way from Brieb&oe; to Sydney epent a eonple of days in Armidale. On Saturday night tbey played a game 760 up, epot stroke barred, in the Taitereall's Hotel No. 1 Billiard Boom in the preaenoe of about fifty onlookers. The game proved highly interesting to tbone present, and re sulted in a win for TVieee by 337 poiilte. - The eooring at times was very faet, the winner putting on. 390 in a trifle over half-an-hour, while .Memmott made a break of 134 in less than 16 minutes. The principal breaks were:—Weiss: 49, '68. 31, 43, 28,135. 57, 49, 36,94, audi 53-j knd Memoiott: 33, 50, 26, 46, 61, and 134. The ecorea at the close of the game wore: VVeiga 750, Mem mott 413. Both of the, players gave an exUition of fancy shots, and proved exceedingly clever in this direction. Mr. \\\r. Brown acted as qilrker and referee in hie usually competent style. ,, Suicide OK A Baker.—A. bator mamjed.Hichard Cum miue, carrying on business at Cotvra for many years, committed suicide by diving into a well on Saturday morning. Cummins bad been out on the usuaLrpund with bread in the cart, and when he re turned home be 'took the infant child in arms and asked his wife to do something iu the house for him. On going to the yard eood after Mrs. Cummins ssv her husband opening the well-dooc, and in.tbe act of de scending bead foremost, and faoldicg the child. The woman screamed f or assistance whichwaa quickly renders d. The child was recorered uninjure d, sod Cummina was got out shortly afterwards, but waa found to be d.ead. The well ia about 40ft deep t o the water, lfae escape of the c'jild ia nothing abort of a miracle. Deceased, it is stated, bad1jo en mncli worried orerbusineas matters. The Begietrar-Generai's report for | the year ehowe that the d' *athB in the ] colony totalled 15,839 , of which] 9250 were malsa, and 65 gS females. Cbowded Out.—Leader and other original matter owing to pressure -on our space. Books fob Young People—The library of St. Peter's Sonday School has this creek been enriched by the addition of 110 volumes received direct Irom London. A similar con signment was received last year. The books are all of the clasB approved by the Soce'y for Promoting Christian Knowledge w hich practically subsidises Sunday School libraries by a gift of pound for pound. The children .at tending St. Peter's School have the free use of these books during good behaviour. Mb 11. W Abnott's Bemoval.— Although there have been frequent rumours of the projected departure o! Mr. It. W. Arnott, the local Post and Telegraph master,from Arniid le, nothing was definitely known of his removal until Saturday last, when Mr. Arnott received no'tico of hie ap pointment to Newcastle as Tele; graph master. Mr. Arnott first had temporary charge of the local telegraph office in 1679, remaining here for a abort time, after wbioh he returned to the head office. Six months after this he woe offered the appointment permanently. He re mained here for twelve months. He was next appointed to Olen Innos on a vacancy occurring there, and he remained there about eight years. At the end of that period the Armi date post and telegraph offices were amalgamated and Mr. Arnott wae appointed to take the duat control. Tbie wae in 1689. During the 8£ yeara he has been stationed in Armi. dale Mr Arnott has eeen many, im* provemente effected in the local office, whioh has been brought to an up-lo> date condition mainly through hie exertions, and sundry improve, ments and renovations are at present in progress and almost completed. As now appointed the looat offices leqye little to be desired. For eome years after his arrival bera Armidale was tbe re peating station for messages to and from Queensland, and when Mr. Arnott left Glen Innee be brought the quadruples instruments be had been using there with him, he being one of the few officers in the servioe who understood tbe working of this complex instrument. Some years ago Armidale oeaeed to be a repeating station for Queensland, a through wire (oopper) having been provided by tbe Governments of N. S. Wales and Queensland. The quadruplex is still, however, used for repeating the messages from tbe Mao leay and Riohmond River dietriots. It is also a useful " stand by" in case of any mishap to the through line to Brisbane, or in ease of a rush of work. Newcastle oountsas perhaps the most important telegraph office out of Syd ney, and Mr. Arnott wasspeoially re* commended for tbepositionon account of bis proved abilities as an expert telegraphist. The Newcastle staff comprises eight operators, seven mes sengers, two line repairers, three switbhbcard attendants.,, (for tele phones), one' telephone fitter, and with all these the officers reported to be under-manned. Tbo appointment ia regarded by the Department ae a promotion for -Mr. Arnott, although bo will be relieved of any Poet Office supervision. But if there Bhould be any intention , to . amalgamate the Poet and Telegraph Offices at NewoaBtle, no more suitable head for the dual control could probably be found than Mr. Arnott. By ' his departure from Armidale the local (1) Company of Volunteers will lose a moet efficient captain, Mr. Arnott having been in charge in that capacity eince 189L. Tbie company, with itB excellent bandjhanke aa one of the foremoet in the whole (4th) Regiment, and muoh cf the pres tige it has gained is due to the zeal and ability of its departing captain. It enjoyealeo the distinc tion of possessing one of the beet rille ranges id the colony. We wish Mr. Arnott every eucoeee and pros perity in hie hew sphere, and may oongratulate NewoaBtle on eeouring the services of so capable on officer. EIGHTY TONS MORI? Imported Leaf] tlian all the other factories put together were ueed by DIXRONS for the paoteix months, ninr.'. vHiiree nininin> «_ Dixenn's YANKEE DOODLE is first | everywhere. Dixsou'e CONQUEROR—the' workman's ] Tobacco. Dixson's 8IR ROGER—twist. Notice is given that the partner ship hitherto existing between Henry Cary Danger, f rederiok Holkham Dangar and Albert Anguetus Danger, carrying on business as grasiers, at Yallaroi, in the district of Gwydir, N.S W,, Goetwyok, in the dietriot of New England, N.S.W., end Moolti Springe, in the dietriot of Liverpool Plains, N.SlTV,-, under the style or firm of Dangar Bgqthera,. waB dis solved try mittrial eonsentbh the 30th of June, 1887. —Tamirt^rtYi News. 