IN THE NICK OF TIME. Little Mr Brooke a fool? Not a hit of it. Plenty of people thought her one. ' misled by her guileless babyfacc, her en- j gaging airs of helpless ignorance and the empty chatter, which flowed so unceas- ingly from her pretty Hps. AH the so me I they were mistaken. She might be 111- I -avo puu ;o flujqiou Xupwouq 'potcoupa : Ing less for. science, art, literature, or , politic. Nevertheless, she was quite clever enough to look after her own In terests, and to be quoted by nine, men : nut nf ln hh thp nlrOKf wnm-in nf 'lhMr acquaintance. At eighteen, too, ris the ; Insignificant, daughter of a country pur- : sou. she had been sufficiently Intelligent to attract the notice of old George ' Brooke, of Brooksby, to marry him, nnd, in the difficult |>oltlnn of n young and I pretty woman tied to a surly husband : throe times her age, to conduct herself I with such circumspection n to win the I approval of the county and the ccm- tidencc of her lonl nnd master, who six I years later died, leaving her live thou sand a year at her own disposal. Yet, being but human, she hud made her slip. It was of one of these slips—the one gigantic act of folly of her life, that senseless love affair of her with Phillip Tryon— that she was thinking one No vember afternoon, "f must have been mad," she told herself. Mad Indeed to have allowed herself ever to llsteu to the vows of devotion which he was notori ously ready to lay at the feel of any pretty woman; to resinrnd to them; tiny, more, to write those fatally compromis ing letters, and to a man notoriously destitute alike of mercy or honor where women wore concerned. "I was mad!" she repeated. How mad she had never really realised till thut moment! At the time tho episode h.id not troubled her over much. Colonel5 Tyron had come and gone, hnd loved, and had ridden away. She hnd oomu to her senses; the affair was dead nnd buried, nnd there was an end of It. And now, when after six years of slavery, cut off from all the pleasures of youth- six years, during which, tied to the chair of u querulous old man, she paid to the full the price of her present liberty— now that she was admired, wealthy, free to consult her own Inclination; now that the one man she would have chosen out of the world hnd Just laid at her feet his name, himself, am! bis worldly goods: now this ghost of the past must needs rise .-(gain to pull down the edifice on which her whole future happiness rest ed! Was ever the resuscitation of an old love more Inopportune? She wo disturbed — oppressed by a vogue foreboding of ill— when, arriving at the Finches' for a week's covert- shooting. she found Colonel Tyron among the party. She quite agreed with her ffnnce. Sir James Blunt, wuen lie e.\|»re»>cu ma itmioj ina-e ui vuv presence of such a man. "I may be fltmltlaccd," he 'but, personally, I don't thlr.k he ought to be nllowed In side any decent house, and I'm surprised the Finches should have him here. In a way he Is good company, and a good shot, so that people seem to put up wltli him. As it 1. you can't help% know ing him. I suppose." "But I do know him already, worse luck!" «he confessed— where was (he une of concealing what before long must be known?— "he came Si Urboksby once." Sir Jumes frowned. "At nil event, have us Uttle to do with hltn as pos sible." he said. "That I can safely promise," she re joined "for I like the man a little as you do." Never was woman so sweetly submis sive to the will of man. Never was pro mise more sincerely nnd quickly given. Would, alas! that It might hnve been kept with cqunt promptitude! Mrs Brooke, with the feebly evasive tactics which were nil she dared to pursue, was no match for Colonel Tryon wltli his obvious determination to renew the old relations. "What shall I do?" wondered the un- fortunutc wotnnn. "lie means to get me to mnrry him, Whn» shall I do?" Why, refuse him. Let lilrn propose, and hnve done with it. A gentleman cannot, refuse to uccept his dlHtnlssnl ot the hands of tt lady. That he should attempt' 'coercion! Oh, ImiHMuriblo! Not to be thought of! Yet that w:i precisely what hnd happened. Gentleman or not, Colonel Tryon, not three hours ago, hnd refused to take no for an answer. "You don't know your own mind" he ald, coolly. "You loved me before. You will love ine again. I ant sure of It. We know one another. We ure ad mirably suited to one another. You will reconsider your decision, 1 am ure.'" "Never!" she declared. "How can I, when I have already promised to marry another man? It Is nut of the question. Indeed, you Jiuve no right to speak to me of marriage nt all, and I must bog you not -to mention the subject uguin. "1 cannot obey you. My claims, re member, ure prior tu Sir James lllunt's. I must and will enforce them." "What do you mean?". . She was Im pressed by his determination. "What I say. I will never give you up to another man," "And I will never give up Sir Jaines." "In that enso It 1 he who will give you up, when that old correspondence of ours hus been submitted to him, as It most certainly will be." Choking with rage and terror, 'she turned upon hint. "You dare to say you will show— tn.v letters?" she gasped. "I have no choice. I nm not so poor a lover as to give up the woman I adore without a Mingle blow. Beside, all Is fulr In love and war. See! This is Wed nesday. Think it over and after tea oh Friday I will come to you here for my answer. Be kind, Klla, to yourself and to up'. Don't drive n\e to extremities. All. I swear, shall be well If only you will say yw. "And If 1 sny no?" "Then 1 shall have no choice but to place your letters In Sir James' hands. He must decide." "It will do you no good,," she cried, defiantly. "You may ruin me, but I will never, never marry you." lit! smiled. "Never Is a long time," he said, with the air of confident superiority she found so maddening. "1 know you better thun you know yourself. I can trust to time to prove to you the worth of my tow and constancy.- ns well us Up value of a husband name and protection. The world, re member. I ;i censorious one, and a lone woman He completely at the mercy of evil tongues." She clinched her little list In impotent fur>. "You lleml— coward!" she cried. "Oh. if I were only a man!" "Be reasonable, Elln. I am no tlend. no enemy. Believe me, I ant your true and faithful lover." "Then have mercy upon me! Give me the letters, I bcF and implore of you, and 1 will be your grateful and devoted friend for life." He smiled. 'I do not want your friendship, but I will give you the letters — on our wed ding day." And then she broke down completely. Threats, abuse, tears, pitiful appeals for mercy— she tried them all. They pro- voked renewed assurances of hi devo tion. but no hint of yielding In hU pur pose. Oh, It was hard— hard to be ruined for an Indiscretion of which, too, she had so heartily repented. To lose all. not only the position nnd wealth for which her soul craved, but olao the man she loved with all her heart. And she would have made him so true, so tender a wife. Except for the one false stop, she had been a good wife to old George Brooke. He certainly thought so. And if she had satisfied the husband for whom she cured so little, how much more would she satisfy the man she adored And now all, was over! For whatever happened, she must lose her lover. Utile-— "If only one could got hold of those letters!" she said to herself. "After all, why not ? In all probability he had them with hint. And men ar« always careless about tlo'iv keys. C'ould one not steal up after din ner? , . . ffurely an attempt might bo made." It was made— with no result but the humiliation of being found out. She could have sworn that no one had solmi her enter or leave Colonel Tyron' room, and that she had replaced everything ; precisely as she found U,.yet "Don't try that on again," he swild, with n meaning laugh, as he wished her good-night, "it's dangerous; quite useless, too. They are here," rapping his breast- pocket, "and here they will remain— till Fri day." All through the long watches of a sleepless night Mrs Brooke turned and tossed In despair. "What shall l do?" she groaned. "What shall 1 do?" The Ihougnt of suicide at once crossed her mind, only to be abandoned. She was both too bravo and too cowardly not to light the fight out to the bitter end. "If I were only a man, 1 would drug the letters from him by force." sh«> vowed thruueu Iter set teeth. Well, she was not a man, but there were men —Bob Saunders, for Instance. He was coming the next day. He might help her. He wa the very man to help her. Not a lover! Heaven forbid! Lovers cherish strange Ideals and - delusions, which It does not do to disturb. Besides, lover are setllh folk. They don't do anything for nothing. No! Boh was just tno ouict,thei>osi,unumosLHtauncu -friend she had In the world, neither making any pretence at perfection him self nor expecting it from hi associates; with tho kindest of hearts, too. through which his sound head might surely he worked upon. More — he detested Colonel Cryon. She remembered with re lief now. even In the old d ay. Bob hud warned her agnlnst the man. At the thne she laughed nt the- warning- thought It Jealousy. If onty she had lis tened ! Never mlml: Boh would help her now— If not for love of her, then for hatred of her enemy. She hastened to confide In him. Draw ing him Into the conservatory after din ner, "I've made a terrible guooe of my self, do you know?" she sighed. "Beej; und gone and done for myself entirely." Mr Saunders was a man of few words. "What Is U?" he asked. " Man or money?" "Man— Colonel Tryon. He is bent on getting me to marry him. What am I to do?" "Refuse hltti." "I can't. I daren't. Oh. Bob, If you only knew how wretched I am! The fact Is I was) Idiot enough to write him some letters years ago. and now he threatens— Imagine what a scoundrel he must he!— that If I don't throw;ovcr ' Sir Jantes Blunt he will send him the letter.!. . He'll do It. too. the brute!"-- Mr Saunders did not wuste thne la In vective. "Are they bad?" ho merely tudted. "Awful! James would never forgive them. I should die. If only 1 could get hold of them! I have done everything I ' could think of. I've raged, begged, prayed, nearly gone on my knee to . him. I'm In dcsjiulr. Oh, 13oh, wouldn't | you— couldn't you help mo?" I "What could he do? Expostulate, and . Ih> told to miml hi own business? Use 1 force? The days of duelling are post. ' Besides, to brawl over a woman would be a strange way of helping her to keep her reputation. As for threats, they must he empty ones. Any attempt to ; show up the man must recoil a thous andfold on the woman' head, ius no one knew better than Tryon would know. Yet, looking at her miserable face, her eyes laden with tears, hot Hp plteouHly quivering, how could he tell her all this?. "I'll do what I can," he said; where upon Mr Brooke, who possessed the envlabte capacity of throwing off her care by the simple expedient of; shifting them to the shoulders of some ; other person, went happUy to bed ami to sleep. It was a cruel and unexpected i blow to her when the following morning, In answer to her Interrogative glance, he shook hi head. "Very sorry," he ald, "Did iny heat, and got roundly snubbed for my pubis. He won't give thorn up." "lie won't?" she asked blankly. The women hnd gone out to watch the shoot ing, and she was standing with hint in a ride atone. "Can't you make him?" "Only by making a scandal, which I the very thing we wunt to nvold." "Then can nothing bo done?" To hi Infinite relief she didn't cry. All the baby softness had left her face, which was set ami hard. "Why not tell IJIunt yourself In your own way and chance It?" he suggested, feebly. She took no notice of the word. "I wish I were a man," she said abruptly. "Why?" "I would kill tliat scoundrel." And them she laughed. "As It Is, being a wo man, nil I can do Is to gn home and cry. Good- bye. I can't stay here to talk and laugh and make believe. I'll be off. You can tell James I have a headache. No. don't chine with me. It's not half a mile, and I'd sooner be alone. Safe? Of course I'm jwrfectly safe. I'm not going near the guns." No sooner had she gone thun he was aorry for It. Accidents happen so cattily. In her desperate frame <>f mind she would certainly not take, precau tions against danger. She might even court it. He ought . not to have let her po until the drive, at all events, was over. Yet. when r lady tells one she would rather l>o alone— "Boor little soul!" he reflected. "I shouldn't be sorry If Tryon did get be tween me and u pheasant, and If by ac cident my gun did happen to go off." And then, hearing a ahoi. he decided Just to look round the corner and see If she were safe out of covert. He looked. Well ! Odd creatures women, to be sure! There she was, with a man Just inside the covert— Try««. of all men. lot —laughing and talking away with hint, showing her pretty dimple, and smiling up Into his face with that charmingly confiding way of hers. Brtb shook hi head. "Trying to make a fool of him." ho reflected. That won't do. Tryon" too old a bin! to be caught with such chaff." But hen the advent of a lino cook pheusunt sailing along effectually di verted hi thought. And here came another, and another. Bight, left, be hind. In front— tin air wa full of them. And so. in this hottest comer of a well- stocked covert, with a strong wlJnl driv ing the birds across the toll top of a belt of llrs. Mr Saunders for the next ten minutes had neither time uur Incli nation n give his mind to anything but the work of slaughter. Al last the cannonade grew less nnd less, dwindling to an occasional stray shot, ami hero won the boater. Well, like all good things. It was over. No. not quite. A last shot rang out— Tryon. of course! What luck the man had! The bird simply lly into hi mouth. Not that Mr Saunders had anything to complain of, jus ho put hi gun at half-cock, com placently surveyed ;l small heap ot empty cart ridge-cases and a blg hcap of birds, ami strolled towards his left-hand neighbor. Nor did hu complain. Hu wns Just expressing the opinion that, If ihu day went on a it had begun, no one would have much to llnd fault with, when a scream— a woman's cry for help— startled the pair, and sunt thorn post Iviste down the ride, round the cor ner out of the covert. There. Just out side. lay Colonel Tryon on the ground, with a frightful wound In his heud. from which the blood w:ls pouring in stream. Mr Brooke, by his side— her dress and hands all bedabbled with blood, her face white und rigid— rushed at them. "11c shot himself!" she whispered hoarsely, jointing to the prostrate man. " He did It himself." And then she burst into a wild 111 of laughter, whlrh ended in a dead faint. He did It himself ? Of course — who else could have done it? The loader bad gone In search of ji badly wounded bird, and Mr Brooke hnd started home wards. Hearing her n:ime, she turned. Colonel Tryon was hurrying after her, when lie slipiKru and fell at her teeu Quite so. There was the projecting root of the tree over which he must have tripped, discharging hi gun, the eon- lent of which lodged In the right ear Hnd caused Instant death. A most de- i piorable accident. No one ever thought i otherwise, except Mr Saunders. He might believe — ns a matter of fact he did believer-thai Mrs Brooke herself, I and not blind fate, was responsible for ! the removal of her enemy from her path. Thl belief, however, he has carefully kept to himself. After all. It wa no business of bis. The man was n brute, who richly deserved anything he might get. For tho rest — tlie letter vunlshed, nnd there was an end of the matter. All the same, Mr Saunders has never »een hi way to accepting of the frequent In vitations given him by Sir James Blunt. He I delighted to hear of the domestic felicity enjoyed , by hi old friend, but he doe not care to witness it. To tell the truth, he has a. distinct aversion to any further communication with Lady Blunt: nor, as hu shrewdly suspect, Is the Hbrhtoof him nnrtlcuHrlv agreeable to her. -"The World." Fnugle (to hi wife) : ."Oh. by t la wny, my tltmr, I Invltcil the minister to lake dinner with ns to-morrow," Mr Fiiugle (who I fumillur with her hu-. biind' language when' curving) : "Very well, love; I'll lutve the cook carve (he fowl before they are brought to the bible." 