FUN AND FANCY. " Johnny', asked his teacher, what must we do befcre our sins can be forgiven 2" " Sin," replied Johnny. Mrs Quiverful (sternly): " What was going on in the parlor last night ?" Bthel (blushingly): "Only my engagement'`ring, mamma." * * * He: "It's reported around that we are engaged." She: ," Well, you know it's a mistake." He : " Yes; I called to see if I couldn't rectify it." Swell (to newsboy at railway station) : " A, boy, does the down train meet the Last express ?" Newsboy; "No, sir, if it did, there'd be a terrible collision." "Do you know." said the man who. was going to have a tooth pulled, "I don't think 'dental parlor' is a good phrase." "No '' " Drawing.room would be much better." * * " What do you think of my French, Jules?" I asked of my Paris guide. " It iss ivonder ful, madame," he replied courteously. " In all my life before I never have heard anysing like it." Jones : "Hullo, IBrown I Are you off " Brown (who wishes he was) : "Well, no; not exactly. Fact is, always. carry a bog about this tire of year. Makes people think you're living in the country." She: "You did -startle mellt I thought you were dead ?? He (a trifle bitterly) ; "I declare you seem quite dihppointed I in not in Africa "' She (apologetically) : "No; I don't mean that. Only-I do so want tosee a ghost t" " Is there anything else I can show you 2" asked the salesman after he had 'taken down goods for two and a-half hours to the shopper who had bought nothing. " Yes," she said, " If you will kindly show me the door I will go home." Old Mother Hubbard She went to the cu'b'ard To get her poordoggie a bone; But no bone'was'there found, So her doggie came round And inserted his teeth in her own I! " I wonder to many telegraph operators are' women f" said the man who cultivates an idle curiosity. " . don't know," replied the ' misanthrope, " unless it's becanse the ccupa tion puts them in a position to have the last word every time."' * * On Sunday, as a certain Scottish minister was returning homeward, he .was accosted by an old woman, who said: " Oh, sir, well do I like the day when you preach " The minister was aware that he was ntot v6it piopular, shdanswered: "My good woman,. I am glad to hear it. "Therekaie too few like you. And why do oulike it whenI preach?" -'Oh, sir," she replied, " Whien you preadh I always get a good seat ." Her cycling dress just reached the knee, She was an ardent bloomerite, " Of course I wear 'em," 'murmured she ; " Why not ? I have, you must agree, . A perfect right." He glanced upon her hosen tight, Remarked each outlined curve and swell, Then answered, " Yes," as well he might, " I see you have a perfect right And left as well 1" * * * With heart all a.whirl, he conversed with the girl, And begged for her love, so he said; "I'll own with a sigh that I've once blacked your eye And broken your old mother's head ; I've dragged you round by the hair on the ground And caused you a good deal of pain, But, Sally, my gal, I've been always your pal, Oo.o-o I let us be sweetarts agayne 1" -,"; 