THE SECOND COMING OF CHRIST. The substance of a paper by the Rev. C. W. Graham, read before the last meeting of of the Local Preachers' Association, and published by request of the Association. ( Continued from last issue ) . Now I am bold enough to affirm that here is a prophecy about the coming as clear as any in the Book of Revelation, considered in the abstract, and infinitely clearer when read in connection with the context. And if it is true, I do not say Rev. xx. 1 6 is false, but the Pre millenarian interpretation of it is very incorrect, because a flat contradiction of the clear prosaic declaration of the Holy Spirit by St. Peter. To prove how great this difficulty is felt to be by the advocates of this theory, I may mention a few of the modes adopted for getting over it. (1) Mr. Elliott and Mr. Andrew Bonar say the conflagration will be limited to the Prophetic earth, or Christendom, and this limited burning is to be followed by a new heaven and a new earth. Surely he must be at his wits' end who asks us to accept such an explanation. (2) Mr. Brooks would reduce it to ' paring and burning,' a sort of mountain farmer's sod-fire process, for improving the fertility of the soil ; and Mr. Bicker steth would divide it into several partial fires, during the course of the Millennial 'Day of the Lord,' which, with the Lord is as a thousand years. But Mr. Burgh, feeling how inadequate and unworthy these explanations are, (3) removes it to the end of the Millennial ' Day of the Lord,' an explanation which not only does violence to the plain meaning of the words but makes a fool of the apostle, by representing him as saying to the scoffers, You say, where is the promise of His coming ? for since the fathers fell asleep all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation ; but the Lord is not slack concerning His promises, for the Day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night, — terribly, suddenly, unexpectedly. When ? at the close of A THOUSAND YEARS OF PEACE, from the time He comes to reign in Jerusalem. St. Peter and our Pre millennian friends are in hopeless con flict here. If Rev. xx. 1-6 is as they read it, then the second Epistle of Peter has no right to be in the sacred canon. This passage alone is sufficient abso lutely to discredit the theory. This description of the Coming of the Lord, written almost at the close of the Apostle's life, shows no- deviation from his teaching a few days after Pentecost, as. recorded in Acts iii. 201. 'And He shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you : whom the heavens must receive until the times of restitution (or restoration, R.Y.) of all things which God hath spoken by the mouth of all His holy prophets since the world began.' So it is after all things are fulfilled that Jesus comes again. If you apply this rule to prophecies which the' Pre millennarians apply to events during the Millennial ' Day of the Lord,' the years after Christ comes with His saints, you will see how utterly foreign the application is to the intention of the Spirit in uttering them. Here I might refer a little to some of the quotations from the prophets em ployed by the advocates of this theory. Daniel is called at times to lend support to this theory. But nowhere in all hie writings have we a word about a mil lenium, i.e., a given time followed by revolution. The Ancient of Days comes, and judgment was given to the saints of the Most High, and the time came that the saints possessed the kingdom. . . And the kingdom and dominion and the greatness of the kingdom under the whple heaven shall be given to - the people of the saints of the Most High, whose kingdom is an everlasting king dom, and all dominions shall serve and obey Him. — Dan. vii. 22-27. Can any thing be more repugnant to the spirit and language of these verses than a millenium of 1000 years, ending in revolution and slaughter ? Indeed, the visions of the glory of the kingdom in Daniel always refers to the eternal glory. And what shall be said of the beautiful and splendid visions of Isaiah, whioh contain not the remotest re ference to an end of apostasy, rebellion, and bloodshed. Nor must we forget that the NEW HEAVENS AND NEW EARTH of Revelation are largely a reproduction of Isaiah, and these are admittedly after the Millenium. The 14th chapter of Zechariah is one of their chief prophetic supports as telling that the Lord would stand on Mount Sion, &c.; But un fortunately for the literal interpretation of this chapter, it involves the impos sible, the absurd, and the anti- Christian. First, it requires every member of every family on the earth, Esquimo as well as Australian, to go up every year to Jeru salem to keep the Feast of Tabernacles, which is impossible; secondly, that if there is one in all the earth who does not go, the Lord of Hosts will plague him with want of rain, which is absurd ; and lastly, when they go to Jerusalem they shall offer sacrifice of flesh in seething pots, which is anti-Christian. Yet with distorted prophecies of this character as evidence, do they ask us to regard this position as foretold by the prophets. We may now ask where amidst the many visions of Revelation shall we ' place the coming of Christ, for which the Thessalonian Christians and others / lived in expectation ? I believe this can be done with a fair degree of suc cess, and in a way perfectly consistent with the whole teaching of the New Testament. If so, a great point is gained in this inquiry. In Rev. xx. 11 we shall find the same teaching as we have already presented from the Gospels and Epistles. There is one sitting upon a throne as presented by our Lord in Matt. xix. 28, and xxv. 31 ; a dissolu tion of nature as given in Matt. xxiv. 29, and Peter iii. 10. The dead, the great and the small, appear standing before the throne in Rev. xxii. 12, which agrees perfectly with what the Lord says in Matt. xxv. 32, ' Before him shall be gathered all nations,' and also with 2 Cor. v. 10, ' We must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ ' ; with THE GENERAL RESURRECTION as told in John v. 29, and 1 Thess. iv. 16, which places in the most inti mate connection, and at the same time, or at least part of the same scene, four things : (1) The descent of the Lord from heaven ; (2) the sound of the trump of God ; (3) the resurrection of righteous dead — and by John v. 29, the the general dead ; (4) the change of the pious living. The judgment described in Rev. xx. 12, 18 is in full accord with what our Lord teaches in Matt. xvi. 27, where He says, ' He shall come in the glory of His Father and His angels ; and then he shall reward every man according to his works,' and also with 1 Thess. i. 6-8, ' seeing it is a righteous thing with God to recompense tribula tion to them that trouble them you, and to you who are troubled, rest with us when the Lord Jesus Christ shall be revealed from heaven with His mighty angels in flaming fire, taking vengeance on them that know not God and that obey not the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ.' The picture of the power of evil in Rev. xx. 8. 9, coincides exactly with that given by Paul 2 The^s. ii. 8. ' ? This gives complete harmony between ' Revelation and the rest of the New Testament. But if correct, where are the indications of a millennium after the Advent? None whatever. It shows immediate and final judg ment. I believe the literal inter pretation of Rev. xx. 1-9 must be given up as utterly untenable. This for several reasons, amongst them that one portion presents an absurdity, as, for instance, a literal chain, a literal pit, a literal seal, and the other a con tradiction of so many portions of the New Testament as makes it highly im probable, if not absolutely impossible. For we must decline to regard the plain as wrong because the mysterious words of one or two verses of the most figurative of all Bible books, read liter ally, contradict them. Indeed, so com plete is the consensus of New Testament teaching against the Pre millenarian view that, take this single passage away and it falls immediately ; or take away the interpretation of these verses, which contradicts numerous other statements about the same event, and it equally comes to nought. It is a big theory resting upon the narrow foundation of an isolated passage — and that passage most obscure, and supported by proofs wrested from their contexts, or prophe cies whose misapplication is patent on the slightest examination* But is there not a sense in which these verses may be taken which, while according with other parts of the Bible, ?will afford us valuable help ? I think so. And I believe that will be found in taking it absolutely in the figurative sense, which possesses the tureefold advantage of being (1) in accordance with prophetic usages — witness the dry bones in Ezekiel's visions ; (2) in accord with the unmistakable teaching of our Lord Himself, Peter, and Paul ; and (8) in keeping with the whole style of the Book of Revelation. I may say, in the words of Principal Brown, D.D, : — It is the chuech's millennial life . —Christ's cause, after struggling for existence, having to keep its ground for ages against successive persecutions, then triumphing over external foes only to be assaulted in a more deadly form from within : the life of Christ stifled, and its faithful witnesses driven into a corner aud everywhere put to death until all open testimony is extinguished ; anon rising from the dead in the per sons of new witnesses, shaking the old edifice calling itself the Church; but the struggle between light and darkness still going on till both forces rise into gigantic strength for a final struggle, ending in the rout and ruin of all embodied opposition to living Christi anity in its faithful witnesses. The air is cleared, the Church is resusci tated, and unruffled peace is for the first time experienced. Truth springs out of the earth,, and righteousness looks down from heaven — and all this for the (symbolical) period of a thousand years.' Though the early Christians believed in the return of the Lord to judge and deliver, yet the better informed of them knew that it was a long way off, as shown in the Epistles. It is indeed questionable if there is any form of evil in the world to-day which can be made to answer fully the description in second Thess. 2-4. Nor is there any' appearances of the rapid development of such. Forces in the world of morals work slowly ; yet this mighty force of evil muse precede the Second Com,ing of Christ. Of this there is no doubt whatever. Then he must be blind to facts, to a marvellous degree, who cannot see that there is going on all round us improvements which are the direct outcome of Gospel light and the Spirit of Christ. At nome and abroad this is seen. If proof were needed you would have it in the advance which has taken place during the present century. It has been the CENTURY OF CHRISTIAN TRIUMPHS in both Church and State. If these things are so (and who can deny them ?) then there is no evidence of an imme diate ' Advent,' . which must be subse quent to a mighty combination of the powers of evil to overthrow the people of God. What we are told at times about Christ coming in a few years, or early in the next century, or as one said the other day, before next March, is either the result of an unbalanced mind, ignorance of what the Bible teaches on the subject, or the fruit of adopting theories of men too sanguine and enthusiastic in the pursuit of their ' one ideal ' to listen to evidence which to calmer tempera ments is decisive. We are told that in looking daily for the second coming of Christ they are following the example of the apostles, who were never weary of using the proximity of the ' Advent ' as a stimu lus and warning. Much of the force of this is removed by reading the Second Epistle to Thessalonians, which was written partly with the very object of showing it was not near. As a matter of fact, however, the apostles never once referred to it in the sense used by the pre-millennarians as the beginning of a millennium, the raising of the pious dead to reign for a thousand years over the inhabitant of the world, Christ dwelling visibly on earth, with the seat of His government in Jerusalem. Be lievers were urged to be ready for His coming to deliver them from oppression, raise the dead, translate the living, judge all men, dissolve the elements with fervent head, and BURN UP THE WORLD and all that is therein. One reason why we are asked to regard this as the latest voice of the Spirit, is that it will usher in a time of glorious prosperity to the Church, and bring great honor to God. Nor do they hesitate to try and prove the necessity of it by declaring that the present dispensation is quite unequal to the needs of the race to-day, and that there is no hope of the king dom of God and His Christ unless what they regard as the inadequate rule of the Spirit gives place to a better one — better equal to the needs of men — where the Parousia of Christ shall make good the defects of the Holy Spirit as a saving agency among men. I would decline to adopt this theory if only from the fact that in this light it is dis honoring to the Holy Ghost. If I were losing laith in the Gospel of Jesus Christ to save men, losing faith in the wisdom and power of the Holy Spirit, in His ability to convince men of sin, righteousness, and judgment, to take of the things of Christ and show them unto men, to bring every thought into captivity to the will of God, then 1 would hail with delight, as a deliver ance from despair, the Pre-millennarian view of the second coming of Christ ; but not till then. The majesty of God on Sinai may make the people tremble for a time, but fails to so renew the heart that no golden calf will be made, and that within a few weeks of the display. So even the glory of the Parousia would fail, unless the grace of God, in measures more abundant, were given by the Holy Spirit, to convert the sinner fiom the error of his ways. I ask, with all reverence, what practical result would follow in the hearts of the DEGRADED IN THIS CITY if it could, in truth, be told them that the Lord Jesus had come to reside in Jerusalem ? It is not what the eye sees or the ear hears changes the heart, but the grace of God the work of the Holy Spirit. Nor can this theory escape the charge that, while it is calling the people to look for the coming of the glorious Lord gloriously, it robs Him of much of His present glory, by dis paraging the present economy of grace, which cost Him so much, minimising the present achievements and prospects of the Gospel, and reducing some of His most beautiful and authoritative commandments and promises to a very inferior position. Nor is this all. It is only when the man's heart is better than his head that he could hold these views and not be discouraged in Christian work, not cease to dare and do great things for God and man, with the object of saving many. For we are told that the Gospel was never intended to convert the world, but only to be a ' ivitness to all nations, and then shall the end come.' We are told that to look for the complete success of the Gospel is a ' visionary hope' till Christ appears on Mount Sion. It is not intended to be a saving power among the nations, not glad tidings of great joy to all people, but for a witness — then the end. If this is so, how empty and void of force are the words of our Lord as compared with how we have read them. .HOW TAME THE INTENDED BESULT from what we expected, led by the very words of the Master, spoken to His disciples as He was about to ascend to heaven, as given in the last verses of St. Matthew: 'Go ye and preach the Gospel to every creature,' said He, but not this alone — ' make' disciples of all the nations ' Did He mean it, or did He not ? For there is no confusing the difference between witnessing to nations and making disciples of them. I believe He meant what he said, and for our en couragement added — ' Lo, I am with you always — all the days — even to the end of the world ' (admittedly the time of the second coming.) I would in the end sum up this theory as one that does violence to the Word of God, increases 1 difficulties in interpreting it, detracts I from the present honor of the Lord 1 Jesus, and tends to paralyze the efforts 1 of those who are laboring to win the I world back to God. But we are looking | for the ' Day of the Lord,' waiting, praying, toiling for it, when our spirits clothed in glorified bodies, shall receive the inheritance prepared for us. In the meantime, 'midst the fall of systems and the crash of obstacles, we are expecting the ever-increasing victories of our risen Lord and the greater dif fusion of His Holy Spirit, preparing for the world-wide chorus in which we all hope to join—' The Lord, the Lord | God Omnipotent reigneth !' ? [Correction. — In the last isfjue, under the heading of ' The First \ Resurrectioh,' for Prov. xx. 9 read Revelation xx. 9.] j 