A SYDNEY MIRACLE. investigation by a reporter. The Interesting Case of lv1 Thomas Jarvis, who says tha a few weeks ago iif. was crip pled — Partially Paralyzed, Suffering from Locomotor At axia. and Helpless. Doctors. Hospital Authorities, anu — r. sun tie MUST DlF. AS ill V ft" """ -pj his Case was Hopeless. Hut they were mistaken. to-day he is a New Man, full of Life and Energy, his Crutches he has Thrown Away, his Dead Limbs havk Life, his Appetite his Returned, and, in Fact, he has a New Lease of Life Out and Out. id? „ liiInuiArf. Inoc IwATI tillOWIl bv out OU IllUUl 1UDWUOU « readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they ap peared in the " Australian Workman a few weeks ago : — . , One afternoon our representative maae his way to the home of Mr. Thomas .larvis 45 Krown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in .Sydney. He ivas up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to preliminary questions, he said: "You want to know all about my case ? ' Veil, I am glad of an opportunity to toll you.: 'Hie facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were, ynu suffering ?" "; Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, aud I have done nothing since then. About tiveyear.- ago, next Christinas, I met with an acci dent. I was badly scalded while taking a hath iti Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have becu iu failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What- were the symptoms ?" " tdinply iiidoscribalile. l'he pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like .as if a saw were cutting my bones ill two in every part of me. J had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself as well as everyone else. 1 was incessantly shiver ing and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well- known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave mean order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order ?" '"No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk- across the floor ; ill fact, 1 could not get out of bed. I felt then that it wa-s all over with me, and only a question of day wlien I would give up my ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. 1 was under him for live or six weeks. He caine to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotoi ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac- teris d by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last- for ten years, and that I might never get the use of tny legs. (Just then tin- patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion IC n/lh F«» 111 lilrt ) iVnll inpl- .if .. drowning mail will grasp at a straw, 1 grasped at an idea conveyed by the ad vertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read iu the " Aus tralian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fid my own. T determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvelIousas.it was magical. 1 was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. 1 It was incredible. immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four- weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here? They were made for mo oetore i got Dr. wuuams Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do with out it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " Ho is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and takeu the baby on her knees. " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling lias come back. in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. 1 ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. Oil the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain, out tliey can stay were they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change ill me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is the remarkable history, and confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the as tonishing cures wrought by Dr. William's Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as annemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c.; These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams' Medi cine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s. 9d., or half-dozen for 14s. 9d. 