A. Case for Psychical Research — ? ANOTHER 'HAUNTED HOUSE' STORY. The Paris correspondent of the Standard, comes forward with a ghost story. Twenty years ago M. and Madame Sabouralt, then a newly married couple, who took up their residence at Poiters, first witnessed the extraordinary pheno mena which still occur at their house. At Bourneau and London, where they lived successively before coming to Yzeures, they were the victims of the same prosecutions, the phenomena some times ceasing for a while, only to re commence with renewed intensity. In this case'a girl of about 14 years of age, Mdlle. Renee Sabourault, seems to be the involuntary medium. In any case, it is she who is at the present lime par ticularly persecuted. For instance, when by chance she goes on a visit to friends or relations, the _ phenomena follow her to the place where she may temporarily reside. The displacement of objects has seldom occurred, but fantastically shaped phantoms have been/ seen more fre quently, especially in recent years, by Mdlte. Renee, and noises of all sorts have been, and are still, constantly heard. At Yzeures a large number of the inhabitants have HEARD THE SOUNDS. M. Reymond Duplantier, a barrister at Poitiers, having learned that one of his friends, M. Urbain, and several other persons living at Yzeures had heard the unaccountable sounds, resolved to go with a few strong-nerved friends to ex: pose the fraud. They went to Yzeures four times. Generally lights were kept burning the whole night, but when that was not done the lamp was lighted on the first sound being heard. The phenomena, therefore, toot place in lull light. In a long, detailed account of his four visits to Yzeures, M. R. Duplantier declares that on the first occasion he and his friends heard six ioud knocks on the stairs. The second night they spent under M. Sabourault's roof was a little more interesting. After half-past one o'clock in the. morning a great deal of knocking occurred on the stairs, on the walls, and all round, some of the blows seeming to be struck in the air several metres above the roof of the house. Then came scratching at a partition wall, followed by the noise of the walking of a man in a garret above, and the pattering of a four-footed animal. Immediately those unaccountable sounds were heard M. Duplautier and his friends examined anew the rooms from which they seemed to issue, but could discover nothing which could have produced them. As soon as the door was opened the noise .ceased, but began again immediately it was closed after the inspection of the room. During the third night .„' ? THE MANIFESTATIONS ;- were very similiar to those observed on the second.' But on M. Duplautier's fourth visit they were for the Poitiers barrister and his friends yet more extra ordinary. Some invisible hand, which from, the sound- might be nothing but bone, commenced knocking at a parti tion wall as early as ten o'clock in the evening. : The questions put by M.. Duplautier were invariably answered by three clear knocks and energetic scratch ing at the wall. After that five hours elapsed without anything extraordinary occurring, but at three o'clock in the morning the wooden stairs were heard to crack and groan under the weight of a colossal, though invisible, being. M. Duplautier regards the phenomena as impossible to be explained by natural causes or fraud. 