Epitome of News. At Wallabadah a little boy named Arthur Tanner, aged six, got hold of some orange peel and ate it. This brought on a com plication of troubles, a medical man was called in, but the case was hopeless, and the lad died. The little fellow's remains were carried to the grave by six of his companions, and the school children fol lowed. A case of suicide, attended with ex tremely sad surroundings, occurred re cently in a house in Hay-street West, Perth (W.A.), when one of the lodgers, Mr. Edwin Dobney, cut his throat with a razor. The deceased went to West Aus tralia about two months ago to open in Perth, in conjunction with Mr. Savage, a branch of the business of Messrs. Danby, Sutler, and Co., the well-known trade assignees and accountants of Melbourne. He was exceedingly steady, had money in the bank, and was not involved in any difficulty.- The deceased was 33 years of age and was well and favourably known in Melbourne. He had lived for many years in Williamstown, where his mother, sister, and brother still reside. The Sydney police are much perplexed as to the identity of a woman who is de tained at the station on suspicion of being of unsound mind. To stay the least of it her demeanour is somewhat eccentric, and she refuses to give any account of herself. On Monday night Constable Bockliff found her wandering about the streets. He ques tioned her, and as her replies were in coherent, and the woman's manner be spoke a vacant mind, he took her to the station for protection. She is hard-fea- : tared, sunburnt on the back of the hands and on the face, of dark complexion, about thirty-five or forty years of age, of medium height and build, and wearing plain heavy elastic boots—several sizes too large—a common black cashmere skirt, and a red blouse, beneath a. grey jacket, with large buttons. She wore a red shawl folded ; loosely about her head in lieu of a hat. It is believed she is from Queensland. The case of Bryden v. Wells was before the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stephen and Mr, Justice Owen, <>n Monday on a motion on behalf of the plaintiff to make absolute a rule nisi for a new trial. The action was tried at Inverell before Judge Coffey and a jury in February, and was one in which the plaintiff sued for the value of two hay stacks and certain machinery which were destroyed by a fire alleged to have been lit by the defendant. It appeared that the defendant was burning off some grass upon his gronnd, and lit a fire on the road which divided his property from that of the plain tiff. The fire spread on to plaintiff's pro perty, and burned the haystacks in ques tioa and some machinery. The jury ! returned a verdict for the defendant, but satd: " We find that the fire which de stroyed the plaintiff's property spread from a fire lit by the defendant on the road, and not on his own ground, and we regret to be obliged to find a verdict for the de fendant." The rule was made absolute on condition that plaintiff paid the costs of the previous trial, and of the present appli cation, otherwise rule discharged with costs. The plaintiff was given leave to amend the declaration. A miner named Patrick M'Nally, 58 years of age, expired 6nddenly on Friday night last at Wyalong. Death was due to syncope, produced through eating a lot of sausages. Deceased leaves a grown-up family. The sheep from Tulooner station, in the Moree district, which were removed during the drought have nearly all returned. The last lot of 30,000 were delivered from Queensland just prior to the recent flood. Mr. Williams, the butcher at Byron Bay Creamery slaughter yards, killed and dressed five pigs in 24i minutes the other day. This is a rattling good performance. Mr. Brunker told a deputation on Fri day that it was the dnty of every person in the community to prevent any violation of the day of rest. The subscriptions towards thQ Eddy Memorial Orphanage now total .£1500. If for the deeds done in the body the ghost of Butler is compelled to hover about the earth (remarks the Qceenslander) it is possibly deriving a good deal of comfort from the revelations which have been made as to the costs of the extradition from America. One may imagine the mur derer's spirit seated on some cloud or barren peak, chuckling and rubbing its ghostly hands with glee at the thought that its death was not accomplished with out great difficulty and enormous expense. For show purposes Butler might have been cheap at .£6000, but for trial and execution he was a very dear bargain. The solicitors employed by the British Consul at San Francisco, who have de manded this unconscionable sum, place a high price upon an escaped criminal. Their demand is bad enough, but why on earth the Attorney-General at San Fran cisco Bhould receive a present of a punch bowl, tea and coffee service, and other fixings worth .£100 it is hard to see. The British Consul must be trying to pull Mr. Want's leg. It is little wonder that Mr. Want indicates that if extradition is to be attended with expenses of this sort he will advise his Government to let foreign conn tries keep colonial criminals. Stock movements at Glen Innes for week ending August 14:—120 fat bullocks from Bedford, Mitchell, Qd., to Fleming ton, Donald M'Lean, owner; 17 heifers from Wallangarra and 59 from Tenterfield to Lismore, E. Smith and J. Burgess, owners; 86 fat bullocks from Rose vale, Ips wich, and four do. from Ballendean to Flemington, James Fletcher owner; 100 fat bullocks from Wooroowoolgin, B.B., to Flemington, J. C. Henderson, owner; 30 fat. bullocks from Tenterfield to Fleming ton, Walker's Trustees,, owners; 33 fat bullocks from Bunnymede, B.B., to Quirindi, A. J. Fleming, owner; 120 fat bullocks from Bunnymede' to Aberdeen, and 50 to Flemington, A. J. Fleming, owner; 62 fat bullocks from Dyraaba to Flemington, Hugh Wallace, owner; four fat bullocks from Glen Lyon, Qd., to Far ley, H. E. and V. White, owners; 88 fat cows from Pikedale, Queensland, to Flem ington, Doyle Brothers, owners; 118 fat bullocks and one Devon bull from Canning Downs to Armidale, George Baker, owner; 144 fat bullocks from Dyraaba and Kyogle to Flemington, Doyle Brothers, owners; 79 mixed cattle from Queensland to Eulalie, Tooloon, C. A. C. Chauvel, owner; 3015 store wethers from Bon Accord, Dalby, on the road for Stonehenge, G. M. Simpson; 1343 store wethers from Arrawatta toCoor mgoorab, T. Cook and Co., owners; 2000 ewes from Newstead South, 100 rams from Dinton Vale, and 20 from Jeera to Demon Grove, Stirton Bros., owners; 510 fat wethers from Coolootai to Tenterfield, Walker's Trustees, owners; 2964 store wethers from Eton Vale, Warwick, Queens land, to Eockvale, Armidale, — Gill, owner; 3370 merino sheep from Waterloo to Greenbank, John A. Mitchell, owner; 995 fat cross-bred wethers from Glen Lyon, Queensland, to Farley, H. E. A. and V. White; 30 horses from Dyraaba to Flem ington, — Molloy, owner; 62 horses from Ipswich, Queensland, to Fleming ton, Allan Hines and M. M'Donnell, owners; two bay ponies from Fikedale, Queensland, to Ten field, J, French, owner. The Public Service Board has authorised an examination, in about two months, of candidates for the position of police magis trates. Mr. J. L. Campbell, barrister-at law, will be the examiner. This examina tion is for persons outside the service. Candidates must be over 35 years of age, and it will be necessary for them to have resided in the colony for five years. Can didates who are not barristers or solicitors will be required to pass an examination in the following boobs and snbjects: " Ste phen's Commentaries"—Book I., Boob II. (part II.), Boob HI., Book IV. (part I. and III.), Book VI.; " Proom's Maxims," " Anson on Contracts," " Pollack's Law of Torts," " Stephen's Digest of the Law of Evidence," "Paley on Summary Convic tions," " Wilkinson's Magistrate," " The Criminal Law Amendment Act of 1883, and any Acts amending tbe same." Can didates who are barristers or solicitors are required to pass an examination in the following subjects: " Paley on Summary Convictions," "Wilkinson's Magistrate," " The Criminal Law Amendment Act of 1883, and any Acts amending the same." A young man named Ernest ,Pocknall was out shooting near Molong, and while standing placed the muzzle of the gun on his foot and thoughtlessly palled the trigger. The charge blew the top part of the second toe of his right foot clean off, and shattered the bone of the portion that was left-. 