TASMANIAN: HOWE AND HIS GANG (Continued). Resuming the narrative of the doings of Howe and his gang, the former portions appearing on October 7 and 11 last, a proclamation having been issued for his capture, a reward of 100 guineas being offered; together with a free pardon and a passage to England for any Crown prisoner effecting the capture, the historian proceeds:- In January, 1818, the "Howe gang" began to be thinned out. One after another was captured, and one after another was shot, till only Howe, Watts, and Browne remained at large. At this juncture Browne came in and sur- rendered to the military, whilst Watts plotted against his leader to save his own life, and dearly he paid for it, as will be seen. Watts joined with a stockkeeper named Drewe, and the two artful traitors met and prepared their plans of operations. But when Watts returned to Howe, after a brief absence the latter, from some cause, suspected his lieu- tenant's fidelity. As there was now mutual mistrust, before coming to an explanation they each agreed to knock out the priming of his gun from the pan. Drewe, who, without doubt, was an old confederate, advanced with Watts , and in a short time a reconciliation took place. They busied themselves to make a bush fire, ostensibly to cook some food, and while Michael Howe stooped down to apply the usual bush bellows, Watts leaped upon him, and with Drewe's help secured Mike’s hands with cords they had brought on purpose. They now disarmed Mike, as they thought, ad annoyed him by telling him to prepare for the gallows, and such like bounce. All being ready, they started in march-­ ing order on the road , or track, for Hobart Town. Watts walked first with a gun, the bound victim in the centre, and the stockkeeper, Drewe behind, in true Indian file. But they had not travelled far when an idea seized Howe, and watching his opportunity, Sampson- like, he snapped the cords that bound his hands, and drawing forth a dirk Watts did not know Mike had concealed, Howe stabbed his treacherous lieutenant in the back, seized his gun as Watts was falling, and shot Drewe in the head. But while Howe was preparing another and finish- ing charge, Watts, though wounded, managed to escape, and after great diffi- culty reached Hobart Town with the intelligence. Watts was sent to Sydney out of the way of Howe's vengeance or those who sympathised with him. Watts died very shortly after his arrival in Sydney from the effects of his wounds. The G zette of January 31, 1818, furnishes the following information:— “On Monday last, 26th inst, at 11 of the clock, the execution of Richard Collyer took place on the rise of the hill at the beginning of New Town road. The crime for which he suffered was the murders perpetuated by himself and others of Carlisle and O’Byrne in 1815 at New Norfolk ; but the many offences which had been committed by the band of bushrangers during the years in which they infested this colony rendered his life doubly and trebly forfeited to the law. Of the six criminals implicated in the murders of Carlisle and O’Byrne, three, viz., Whitehead, Jones, and Geary, have been shot by the King’s troops when in arms against them. One, Sefton, was destroyed by his comrades; the fifth is the unhappy man whose atonem- ent has now been made in the regular course of law ; the sixth in number, but the greatest in crime (Michael Howe), has not yet come to his account, but we cannot doubt that the day of justice and retribution will arrive. “The offence for which Collyer suf- fered, and the general outrages committed by the bushrangers, are too well known to need any retrospection or remark. That banditti is extinct, and will in future exist only in the recollection of the settlers whose properly they in- ­ vaded. "It is satisfactory to announce that the criminal Collyer died truly penitent and resigned, admitting fully that his life was justly forfeited to the law. The attention of the Rev. Robert Knopwood to the unhappy man was constant, and appears to have wrought the happiest re- ­ sults. Collyer prayed fervently, and addressed the Crown servants who wit- nessed the execution in becoming terms, exhorting them to take warning by his fate, and to avoid the course of life which led to it. May this example have its due effect.” Hobart Town Gazette, June 13,1818:— "That great murderer Michael Howe, with whose enormities our readers are too well acquainted within these few days made his appearance to the stock- keeper of Mr G . W . Evans, Deputy- Surveyor-General, at a place called Blinkworth's Hunting Ground. He took what provisions the men had and two fine kangaroo dogs. What is most astonishing, he had plenty of ammunition and was well armed. His beard is of a grea t length, and his appearance, connected with the idea of his horrid crimes, is altogether terrific.” With an additional £100 upon his head, Michael Howe is still at large, but as much alone as if in “ the dreary desert lost,” Clothed only in raw, i.e., untanned skins, the "Wild White Man” retreated to the caves in the mountains of the Upper Shannon, which, like the Dome of St. Paul and other mountain peaks, are cloud-capped and silent; no bird or insect life being found there . At brief periods the surrounding country may be viewed without a telesoope or field glass, and the prospect is anything but cheering. There are plains visible where many years since some horrid blizzard swept past and perished every tree in its path, which in the beams of the moon, as seen from an eminence, conjure up the idea of frozen armies, still ranked up awaiting orders to move. In this solitude Mike remained for some time, not daring to show out, his only companion being the fierce hermit, eagle, who frequents the summits of the tiers far from the haunts of man. Who can describe the feelings of the wretched recluse, self-banished, and seared by every trifle. Death has less terrors, doubtless. Drs. Ross and others have, written their ideas of Howe's plight at this period of his career - but a truce to moralising. Mike must have concluded his days were numbered, although he had con- structed a hut for himself in his secluded mountain valley. The floor and roof of this habitation were of bark; a large honeysuckle sheltered it in the rear, while a murmuring streamlet meandered in the front. This hut was afterwards (1823) occupied by the wife of one of Mr Lord's stockmen. When the herdsman's wife was questioned regarding the great solitude of the situation, she merely re- plied, “ Nothing troubles me, except when I awake at night and my cow comes to haunt me." Mystic words truly, for the lonely female meant the ghost of Mike Howe, as he was commonly called. A man by the name of Worrall was one of Howe's lucky captors. This man had suffered for his share in the mutiny at the Nore, and Warburton (another captor) was a companion of the kangaroo hunter. His evidence reads as follows:- On the 21st of October, 1818, the capture of Michael Howe was effected. I was now,” - says Worrall, “ determined to make a push for the apprehension of this villain Mike Howe, for which I was promised a passage to England in the next ship that sailed for Home. And also the amount of the reward laid upon his head. I found out a man by the name of Warburton, who was in the habit of hun ting kangaroo for their skins, and who had frequently met Howe during his hunting excursions, and had sometimes furnished him with ammunition. He gave me such an account of Howe’s habits that I felt convinced we could take him with a little assistance. I , therefore, spoke to a man named Pugh , belonging to the 4th Regiment, one who I knew was a most cool and resolute fellow. He immediately entered into my views , and having applied to Major Bell, his com-­ manding officer, he was recommended by him to the Governor, by whom I was permitted to act, and Pugh was allowed to join us. So he and I went directly to Warburton, who heartily entered into the scheme, and all things were arranged for putting our plans into execution. The plan was thus —Pugh and I were to re -­ main in Warburton's hut while W arbur- ton himself was to fall into Howe’s way as soon as he came down from his hermitage. Warburton's hut was built on the River Shan-­ non, standing so completely by itself, and so out of the track of anybody who might be feared by Howe, that there was every probability of accomplishing our wishes, and 'scotch the snake’ as they say, if not kill. Pugh and I accordingly proceeded to the appointed hut. We arrived there before daylight, and having made a hearty meal (breakfast) War- burton set out to seek Howe. He took with him , in order to still more effectually carry his point, but Pugh and I were provided with muskets and pistols. The sun had just been an hour up, when we saw Warburton and Howe together, upon the top of a hill, coming towards our hut. We expected they would be with us in a quarter of an hour, and so we sat down upon the trunk of a tree inside the hut calmly waiting their arrival. An hour passed, but they did not come, so I crept to the doors cautiously and peeped out. There I saw them , standing within one hundred yards of us, in earnest conversation. As I learned afterwards the delay arose from Howe's suspecting all was not right. I drew back from the door to my station, and in about 10 minutes after this we plainly heard footsteps and the voice of Warburton . Another moment, and Howe slowly entered the hut, his gun presented and cocked. The instant he espied us he cried out, “ ls that your game?” and immediately fired, but Pugh's activity prevented the shot from taking effect, for he knocked the gun aside. Howe ran off like a wolf. I fired but missed- I immediately flung away the gun and ran after Howe. Pugh also pursued. Warburton was a considerable distance aw y. I ran very fast ; so did Howe, and if he had not fallen down an unexpected bank I should not have been fleet enough for him . This fall, how-­ ever, brought me up with him. He was on his legs again, and preparing to climb a broken bank, which would have given him a free run into the bash, when I pre- sented my pistol at him and desired him to stand. He drew forth another, but did not level it at me. We were then about 15 yards from each other. He stared at me with astonishment and , to tell the truth , I was a little astonished at him , for he was covered with patches of kangaroo skins, and wore a huge black beard, a haversack, and powder-horn slung across his shoulders. I wore my beard also, as I do now, and a curious pair we must have looked. After a moment's pause he cried out, “ Black beard against grey beard for a million,’ and fired. I snapped at him and, I believe, hit him , for he staggered, but rallied again and was clearing the bank between him and me, when Pugh ran up and with the butt-end of his fire- lock knocked him down, jumped down after him , and battered his brains out, just as he was opening a clasp knife to defend himself. Thus we finished Mike Howe, the terror." Howe's head was brought to Hobart Town late last night by his captors, and many terrified settlers next day breathed freely at the intelligence. Twelve years after, the site of Howe’s capture was visited, when it was found to be occupied by the Paterson family, who had a flourishing farm there. The land, had been granted to Mrs Paterson. Government and General Orders. Government House, Hobart Town, Saturday, October 24, 1818. His Honor the Lieutenant-Governor has the satisfaction to make known that Michael Howe, the murderer and robber, whose crimes have so long and loudly called for public justice, whose per-­ severance in his career and rejection of proffered mercy for former offences will long remain impressed upon the minds of the inhabitants of this colony, was overtaken in the neighborhood of the Shannon on the 21st instant by William Pugh, a private in the 48th Regiment, accompanied by Thomas Worrell. Crown servant and after a severe struggle was killed. The Lieutenant-Governor cannot too strongly commend the activity, intelli- gence, and spirit of Private William Pugh —qualities which he had full reason to expect in that soldier from the recommendation which he received from Major Bell, commanding the detachment at this station, to which he belongs, for bravery and good conduct upon foreign service. And the Lieutenant-Governor will not fail to recommend him to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief for the greatest favor which he can receive. The conduct of Thos. Worrell also, which was highly deserving of praise on this occasion, will be laid before His Excellency, with the Lieut- Governor's request and recommendation for his free pardon and passage to England. By command of His Honor, The Lieut -Governor, H . E . Robinson, Sec. Caine, Brune, White , and Johnson were hanged at Hobart Town in 1817, and George Grey on 11th June , 1818, at Hobart Town, all for murder and bush- ranging, being part of Howe’s gang. The remainder were shot by the military and police. 