BREVITIES. ' The now nmil contractors aro reminded to apply for hconses for thoir coaches. '. Holders of billiard liconses are r« minded to apply for ronowals. . Ownoro of imnJtistcrod dofn must nnf. complain if they got a summons iu a day or-two. ? ...... Ifearly every diatiuguishetl name in tho colony is mentionea, of coursu with out founuation, in connection with im t/unuHnj uuuivu actions. % Sovoral blackmailers riro again at tho dovilish business in Sydney. Gladstone was onco accoatctl by ono o( this tribe. That waa in his young days. Awaiting his opportunity, Gladstono pitched the scoundrel into a mild jwnd, and a' dirty | and donorving ? death w#s narrowly! averted. I Tho Autiralian Sfar is the only Syd- I ney daily which did not dispatch a rcprc sentatiVo to tho Molbourno Cup. Tho Braddon Coverument, defeated on a consuro motion, doclines to resign on tho ground that tho timo is-notripo in Tasmania for a general oloctlon. And yet thoro. is aupnoso^l to bo rcponsibio Government Ui the fruityialand. Mr.Reid is introducing a Stiiinp Duties Act Amendment. Bill. ^ ^ rancy reading tuts telegram- ni^.tnose days of rosponsibleGovetnmeilt. Readers will, of course, romomber that the Tas maniAii Government 'mm doTe/\tcd ? tho othor day. 'Sir Edwnrd-Bruddou. Pre mior,- announcod Uiat-ho iu\2T boon in con sultation With his tolleaghes Vtll -lay and had docided that tho present was not an opportune tinio for resigning. Ministers would, tliorelore, continue to carry on tho business of the country.' .Aftcr.this, tho Braddon Cabinet will swallow any thing. Mr Ly»o innde a distinct' tactical blunder, when ho got ahead of thu Labor Party with -a motion of censure over Lncknow. fled Mr Sloath moved the adjournment of tho House, oyor the fiub-' iect. tho Onnosition could Imvu forccd on a division, Aiid then tho country could havo neon how much the Lalxjr Party aro in earnest.. The solidarities and tho Government were' iu an awkward .jxwi tion until Mr Lynu. extricated them. MrMoMillau.is just, now iu opposition to the Government, What is tho reason of Mr McMillan'a sudden change of frout? Can it bo that hoi is chagrined for !-citig passed over for the Agent-Ueuoril* ship 1 The'meiubur for Burwood, who i* a sort of loue tiaherman. in the IIouso, nwy yet be providwl for with theSpeaker* ship, tliat is, should - Sir Jojcph Abb«-Lt succeed Sir Saul Samuel; ? !. Tho 8. »V. HentlJ soeiuvtohave.turucfl on tho Govornment. Tho old lady of Hunter-Btroet has been very caustic'ih her cnticLsm of tho Cabinet of late. TIio ])aily.T-\legrapJh however, is still faith ful toMrRoid. ^ i Tho death in London is announc^l by cablo of Mrs .Sdttt, . wifo of CAptaiu Scott, of the' permanent Force*. . Tho lady waa wellknown as .the wife of the late Hon. -James White, of turf famo. Tho legislator left his widow the Kirk ham stud and a git.it fortune. Captain and Mm Scott wero Juhileo visitors to London. There aro no children by either marriage. Statistician Coghlan, 'the whitelmired boy' of tho Civil Service, is still in Lou dim. overhauling tho AgQnt*Gunoml's department, and hy-hos Ktill two months within which to coinploto' n.tAsk.thatah avoWgo .inspuctor. could dispose of in a .weekj and Mr Coghlan iA- drawing a hi^ saltry all the time,. And there's Critchett 'Walker, the first of the civil uervants, with the longost record, and he ha-* not had a holiday since hoN has entered the It is said the civil servants will vote solidly against the Government at the next goneral election. This is a mistake. Those who wore rutircd or rcduced may, but tho army enjoying an incroaio and a mow assured tenure regard tho scheme of civil scrvico reform as tho moHi brilliant bit of businoii of tho century. Certainly no othor piece of legislation bo directly and delightfully benefited them. Thoy regard the Board as the omhodimont of every virtuo which is -very natural and human. Under tho circumstances, thu majority of tho civil servants will vote solidly for the Government which so peculiarly served them. In a few months half a million Ameri cans will bo on their way totho .Klondyke field. The retreat from- Moscow by Napoleon's army will ho tho only inci dent comparable with tho draastruus rush to tho Yukon goldfields. What pen will be able to describe tho horrors of tho holocaust ? iho Until/ iclegrtip/i pumishos a loader on ' The futuro of ghosts,' nnd is ovidontly very anxious about this section of its subscribers. Ghosta gonerally have been ablo to tako caro 'f themselves. Tho problem is tho future of those who declare thoy see them. There should bo anxiety on that score. 