Hobbling Mary. ? Aunt Mary 1 Aunt Mary 1 You come her* ! I want you.' It was ob imperious voice, and it called out angrily. ' What dat pickney calling me for ?' Aunt Mary muttered, grumbling. 1 Him more trouble, dat one gal, nor all de udder pickney in de house piit togeddar. Him don't got white man's temper ; him got black man in him heart. I comin', Mios Rosa, I oomin'. I wish I rid ob dat pickney. White people is a blessed people — hab bless ed tempar ; dat dar pickney got black heart ; call all day long, ' Aunt Mary ! Aunt ! Mnry !' And. patting herself in motion, the old woman hobbled up wilh difficulty to tho drawing-room. ' Aunt Mary,' Kosa cried, ' why don'tr you come faster when I call you? Here have I been for the last ten minutes waiting for you to come and bring a clotb to wipe this ink up with! And now you've brought no cloth ! Go down and get one at once ! You might have known I wanted one.' 'How I goin' to know you want cloth ? ' Aunt Mury exclaimed, not unreasonably, but with equal anger. ' How I know you 'pill de ink ? Dat pickney too much trouble, I say, for anybody. Not a piokuey in all Jamaica gib so much work in a house as dat one. But 1 goin' to be even wit him ; I pink him yet ; me fuder don't be Obeah man from Calabar for nuflin.' Now Obenh is the West African and Weat Indian form of witchcraft, dreaded almost as much bj the wliites as by the black people. Aunt Mary was universally regarded as a witch. She had fully made up her mind to work any harm sho could on Rosa when opportunity offered. And she oeiievea in ner own power. She had not long to wait for a chance of using it. Two days later, as she wus sitting in the shade, under the big hibiucus-tree in the back garden, Peter Farrell passed that way. Hey, missus,' he oried, looking over the low wall at the wizened old crone, ' you heerd de news p Heerd what come happen ? Isaac Cling, him drown, out swimmin' in de har bour. Him fader bringin' home de body just now. It will he wake to night, Yo come along to Mistah Cling s and see de fun out.' Aunt Mary rose slowly and hobblnd to the wall. It was her nature to hobble. ' Hobbling Mary.' indeedj the negroes called her. Sure enough, down the street of low white wooden houses, which led by a l»ng decline to the sea, she saw a wild procession of negro girls and women, surround ing four men, bare to the waist, wha carried between them on a shutter the nakod dead body of a short black boy, about \ thirteen or fourteen. The women were wailing and beating their bosoms in their wild, half aavnge fashion ; the men, on the coatary, walked on, erect and uncon cerned, paying littla heed to the re peated adjurations, addressed to the boy's soul by the women mournem, to come back ugain to his body. It was a ghastly spectacle. Aunt Mary leaned over and watched the corpse pnss, with a curious light in her bleared old eyes. She loved a corpse. 'De pickney will do,' she niuttsrsd to herself, in true negro fashion. 'De ptokney jumby am de ting for to settle Miss Kosa!1 A jumby is West Indian for a ghost or spirit. Corpses are not kept long in that tropical climate. The wake was to be to- night, the funeral to-morrow. Aunt Mary knew she had no time to lose if she wished to take advantage of the opportunity offered her ; fur, like most of th'iae who practise mauio, she firmly believed in the power and efficacy of her own eiiohjmlraenta. ' I get a look of Missy Rosa hair when I oomb him out to-night,' nh.e muttered, with a significant glance at Rosa's window. Then mumbling and smiling to hersalf with her toothless mouth, she stumbled back, well pleas ed, to her seat under the hibiscus. At seven o'clock that evening Rosa's pretty,4 fair head was thrust once more out of ker bedroom window. There was a boll in the room, to bo sure, by pure foroe of European custom, but nobody over rang it. It Bounded in the kitchen, while tiin «urvanla were al most invariably to be found gossiping over tho wall in the back garden. ' 4unt Mary! Aunt Mury!' the young girl cried, in her imperious voice. ? Are you going to keep me here waiting all night to have my hair done? Its almost dinner time. Make haste ! Make haute ! Qt all the lazy, idle, good-for-nothing nigger women [ ever knew. ? ' But Aunt Mary jurnpo I up with un wonted agility, and answering briskly ' 1 comin', honey ; I comin',' hobbled up the stairs ax fust us her feeble old logs would carry her. A prettier bua'.ira lady ef Reventeen Auut Mary had never oeen than Rosa Mackonocliie. As nho dressed her hnir the old woman gloated over her. 'Him make a pretty corpse,' «he thought to herself more than onco, gazing at Roaa'n bright girlish fuce in the ulaas before her. 'Him so young and fresh I' And even when Kosa exclaimed impatiently, as wan her wont, 'Do be caref il, Aunt Mary ! You're pulling my hair out,' the old woman smiled to herself benignly 'Him soon get i.ber dnt,' she muttered to herself. 'Him lose all dem ways when de pickney jumhy troul.le her' By and by »bo came to a harder tanglo than nil. Tho comb muck for 11 moment. Q.iiuk as lightning Aunf Mary hnd snipped up tho noiosi th that lay by hue side, and snipped off the end of the offending lock with ib- Rosa turned round suspiciously. 'Y»u've cut my hair,' she cried in an angry voice. 'What have you done with the pieces ?' With a dexterity acquired by yenrs of practice the negro woman secreted half the lock of golden hair in the folds of her bandanna, and handed the other half, with the mojt innocent air in the world, to Rosa. 'Dero it am, MiBsy,' she answered. 'You've given me all ?' the girl asked, once more, in a doubtful whis per. 'Yos, Missey, I gib you all,' the negreas answered glibly: 'See here !' and she held out both hands, palm open downwards, like the conjurer who assures you that there's no decep tion. Her arms were bare ; sbe hnd no Bleeve to hide it in. Rosa took the look carefully in her hand, with curious preoision, and rolled it up in a umall piece of paper. Then she burnt it all to ashes in the flame of the candle, and crumpling it up in her hiind flung tho frizzlad remains cut of the open window. It is danger ous to let a witch or wizard get a lock ot yonrliair or a paring of your nails; if they once posses themselves of any thing that has formed a part of your body, they can do dir* witchcraft wiVh it afterwards, as they will, upon the remainder. . About ten o'clock that night, in her best old dresp, Aunt Mary hobbled off to the wuke over Isaac. All friends and neighbours in Port Antonio ware gathered together in the single snull room of the stuffy little cottage. The body lay in its coffin in the midst; men talked and smoked ; women wailed and keened; and rum flowed like water. It was a most gruesome carouse, a melancholy rejoicing — the chief public amusement of the Jamaican negro. They love the excitement. When Aunt Mary hobbled in, half a moment's silence supervened 'to reoeive her. As the daughter and representative of a genuine acknowledged West African Ubouh man of true 1'anti origin, sue had a plaoe of importance in all such funeral ceremonies. She moved over to tho coffin and admired the corpse with professional ardour. ' Him beautifully laid out,' (the said gnzing at it. ? Him jumby dou'i goin' to gib no trouble.' Then she leaned over th« shroud, and, unseen by the rest, thrust the lock of Rosa's hair between the dead boy's fingers. As she did so, she whispered in corpse's ear, in a ghost like voice, the one word— 1 Remember 1 ' ' The fun at Clint's that night was fast and furious. Not till the sun rose did they nail the coffin down. Mean, while the rum went round, and the woman keened more mournfully than ever. There was singing and dancing. Aunt Mary sat mumbling at the dead boy's head ; and as the lid was placed above his face she murmured onoe more — this time in her. father's native Fanti — Ihe same one ominous word, ? Reraombar I ' Two days later, .Martha Hone, the negro washerwoman, brought borne Reaa Muconochie's two white lawn dressex, must neatly crimped and ironed. 'You hearin' what dera sayin,' Missy she asked, 'all ober Fort Antonio ?' 'No ; what news ?' Rosa required, wondering in her heart whether peo ple oould already have noticed what marked attention Captain Galloway wa-t showing her. Martha hesitated a second. It was a delioate matter. 'Well, it's better to tell you Missy,' she want on slowly. 'Dem sayin' dat wiun Maurice Kinlay sorew down Isaac Cling's coffin de udder night at him fader's, him see a lock ob bukra hair in de nigger pickney's fingers.' 'What sort of hnir ?' Rosa oried, clapping her hand instinctively to the part of her own head where she had felt the cold touch of Aunt Mary's scissors. 'Dem Bnyin' it yaller, like Missy Rosa's own,' Martha answered, staring hard at her, Rosa's face was white as death. She knuw what in meant. The Obeah woman had despatched the black boy's ghost to wander over the world with a mujio command that he should trouble the soul of the man or woman whose lock of hair had been placed in his bauds to give him power over them. That name evening Ciiptuin Galloway proposed to her. She 'went to lied Hushed with a young xirV* triumph. He was so handsome. For tho first half-hour she thought of nothing but Seymour Galloway — the best-born young IJiiiglinhmau at that momont in tliH Island. Then, suddenly, through the open window, out of the moon lit night, one of tbo great black fruit* bats of the country wheeled flapping into the room. ' A turkey-buzzard vul turesoritamedonce from the house-top. Familiar episodes, those, of tropical existence, but on this particular ni^bt thoy disturbed berruverie. She looked and wondered. What rneunt this portents ? The fruit-bat settled down on tlio wardrobe opposite ; by the dim moon light, whicn penetrated the room, she could suit his great bluck eyes fixed firmly upon her. In a moment a I weried feolitiir crept over her b -dily. I She trnmbled and shivered, and hid her head under tho bed-eli'tho'. Could this lie tho visible form of iBuao Clint's jumby ? The thought wus nppalling. For an hour «he luy there in unspeulcuble torment. Thou unable to contain her terror any longer, she raised her head once more with an effort from the bed clothes. Her action disturbed the t'ruit-b'it from hin porch, whoie ho nun;,', heud downwards, with bin i'nee turned outwurd and backward toward her. lie. dislodged himself and ilew towards the bod. Rosa hid beneath tho clothes again, but felt him light on her breast, only separuted from herself, in that warm climate, by the shoot and her night dress. She sobbed in terror. She sobbed heroolf to sleep, When she woke, at three o'cluck, the fruit-bit was gone, but the vulture ilew about in long curves past the window. From that evening forth, overy night of the year, Rosa Maconchie saw, or fancied ah-i saw, in one form or another, Isaac Cling's jumby It pursued her everywhere. Sometimes it was visibly present as a bird or beaBt or lizard on the wall ; uometimes — and that was worse — she did not behoM it, but felt its presence. Silently, inaudibly, it stood by the bedside and grinned and jabbered at Ker. It never left her. Seymour Galloway noticed she grew pale and prooccupied. ' The prospect of a long engagem-nt,' he thought. The negroes knew better. They whis pered among them.nelvea, de pickney jumby trouble her.' * * * # Eight months later the Colonial Asylum at Hulf-way Tree received a new inmate— a beautiful girl of eigh teen, witn golden hair and harassed blue eyes, who looked perpetually around her us though something or somebody were dogging her footnteps. ?That's he I 'she would say. 'That's \%t% I Oil Vintn mA f ' And Aunt Mary, lolling in the shade of the hibiacu--, muttered to herself with a gratified smile — . ' Dat nigger pickner. goo'] boy. Him do what I tell him. 1 tink at llr«t him goin' to kill de Missy, but de MIbst too strong for him ; dsm got good constitooshan for true, dem Mackonoehie. However, him do what all so itood : him drive him to 'sylum Olebber chile, dat pickney : him know what I wunt: it all de same tome whedder him mad or him dead, so long as I get de missy out ob de house, wid him troubling troublin' ! ' ' Insanity due to superstitous fright, the asylum doctor called it. But the negroes gave a simpler diagnosis — ' De jumby troubliu' him.' 