PART IV, | As evening approached, Captain I Cooney and Murdoch decided to again j cross the neck of the peninsula to | where the wild bananas grew and get a further supply 'of the fruit, and in the meantime Kinloch and Walker, with Ellen, were busy constructing a kind of rough shield to serve as a protection in the attack on the brig. They had also made half a dozen stout ropes from some tough creepers which grew around. These were so formed that they could be thrown over the bul works, and holding there, would afford a means for the attackers to clamber on board at different points. The more they considered the undertaking the better seemed their chance of success, and the trio worked with a cheerfulness which for the last twenty- four hours had been unknown to them. As Captain Cooney left the camp Ellen called to him: ' Take the gun, father, as you might want it over there. We are quite safe here.' I ' I don't believe there is a black fellow in the whole district, Nell. We i haven't seen a trace of one, and those scoundrels were only adding to the budget of lies they told us when they said the place was swarming with them,' cheerily and confidently re sponded the old captain. . But there may be wild beasts in this unknown place Be on the safe side,' urged the girl. 'Come on, Murdoch, and don t mind the little wench. We'll be back in half an hour, Nell,' and Cooney waved his hand to the girl as he strode away with his companion in the direc tion of the banana growth. ' It's more than half an hour since father left. More like an hour,' Ellen said to Walker as she noticed the long absence of her father. ' They surely couldn't get lost. If they don't soon return I'll fire off the musket as a signal,' she concluded. As if answer to the words a haggard blood-stained man burst into the camp with the portion of a spear projecting from his right shoulder, and in an instant all recognised Murdoch. 'Quick!' he gasped, 'the skipper may be killed. The blacks attacked us a hundred or more of them-and you see I did all I could to save the captain, but it meant death to me also. There were too many of them, and I came for help,' he cried. White as a ghost, Ellen had jumped to her feet, and seizing the musket, called on Farrell and Walker to follow her, but the wounded Murdoch stepped in front. ' I must go with you. Cut tnis cursed thing off short, Peter, so that it won't catch in the scrub. You don't know where to go, but I'll show you, he exclaimed. In a moment Farrell was using his knife, and soon the spear handle was cut off close to the shoulder. The operation must have inflicted exquisite torture, but Murdoch stood it without wincing, and then oblivious of the agony he was suffering, the brave man turned and led the way quickly from the camp in the direction of the peninsula neck. It was not more than a quarter of a refile distant. In twenty minutes the spot at which the fruit grew was reached, and there the attack had taken place. According to Murdoch s narrative, scores of aborigines had suddenly appeared and hurled a cloud of spears at the two men, all of which the seaman managed to avoid but one. The spear volley was followed by a rush of the natives, which separated the captain from his companion. The latter heard Cooney call out once, ' Tell Nell !?* and then all was still save the guttural cries of the blacks as they surged round. Seeing the absolute folly of attempting to hold his ground against such odds, the seaman cut down one gigantic native with his cutlass, and taking advantage of the momentary check it caused, retreated to the camp. This was the substance of his story. As it was highly probable that the aborigines would still be lurking in the vicinity, extreme caution was used in approaching the banana grove. The men walked in front of Ellen, carrying large pieces of thick bark to ward off the spears, and it was weJl the pre caution was taken. Scarcely had the party reached the north portion of the grove when twenty or thirty spears were hurled at them, and in a moment a score of natives could be seen running from tree to tree. As the spears flew past, several being skilfully glanced off by the men, Ellen raised the musket and fired at one of the most prominent of the blacks. The shot took fatal effect, but left the party comparatively unarmed. Yet all danger was past. The thunderous report of the explosion reverberating amongst the hills and gullies, coupled with the deadly result, had rendered remarkable cffect on the foe, who wildly scattered in all directions with cries of terror. It was the first time the tribe had ever come into contact with firearms. Seeing what had occurred, the girl and her friends at once began the search for Captain Cooney, and though no one cared to voice the feeling, all regarded the quest as hopeless in so far as finding the old man alive was concerned. Murdoch led the searchers to the last point at which he had seen the skipper, and there ominous crimson stains bore eloquent testimony to what had happened. For some distance tracks were followed until a spot was reached, which showed plainly where the old man had fallen down in all probability dead. Yet there was no sign of the body, and it became clear that the natives must have carried it away. There was just a gleam of hope that he might be alive and captive in the camp of the blacks, and for more than an hour the party searched the neighbourhood in the hope of discovering some clue to the missing man. As night was fast approaching, .Farrell suggested the necessity for returning. j ' We can do no good here in the dark, Mistress Nell. Let us go back to the camp and see what arrange-1 ments we can make to get back your father. Don't give way for there is yet j hope,'he said, I Passively the stricken girl suffered herself to be led back, and it was indeed a mournful party which rejoined Mrs Young and her still sleeping husband on the peninsula. The spear wound in Murdoch's shoulder was causing him great pain, and if the jagged head was not taken'out serious consequences might ensue. In her deadly grief Ellen did not forget others, and the first thing she did on | entering the camp was to extract the I spear head. This was a regular surgical operation, but the girl did not shrink ' from the task, and with as little pain as possible the weapon was taken out, and instant relief followed. It was a time for action and not for useless regrets, and soon the whole party, with the exception of Young, were engaged in an earnest conference. Everything was ready for the attack on the brig, save the presence of Captain Cooney, and his daughter seemed loth to embark on the enterprise until she j had assured herself of her father's fate. . It may mean loss of life to attack the ship, and we can't afford to lose one amongst us. One day surely ought not to make any difference, and I don't feel fit to do anything until I find father,' the girl said. ' But if we get possession of the brig to-night, Mistress Nell, it will put us in a far better position to get the captain -God bless him-back. We would all be armed then, and if these niggers have injured him we could have ven geance,' argued Farrell. . I've heard it said that these natives are mortal afraid of darkness and will not fight in the night-time. II we're not going over yonder,' and Kinloch pointed to the brig, ' there is no use wasting time sitting here.' ' What would you do, Sandy ?' said Farrell. ' Wait till the moon rises and go after those murdering blacks. You and Walker and myself could follow them and the rest stay here,' he said. ' I must go too, Sandy, and if the boat is used we can get right into the part where we left off the search this evening. Oh, I must go! Even now they may be torturing my poor father. I've read somewhere they do such things,' cried the girl. ' I never heard as how these Aus tralian blacks tortures prisoners,' inter jected Walker. After further discussion, it was de cided that instead of attacking the brig a search party should be formed to go in quest of the lost captain. The night would be a bright moonlight it seemed, and the fires of the blacks would form a good means of ascertain ing their whereabouts. Murdoch would remain behind with Mrs Young and her husband, as he was not in a fit state to prosecute the search. This was the resolve taken, and it was attended with fatal consequences to all concerned. Had the attack on the brig been undertaken instead, matters might have turned out very different. It was shortly after nine o'clock when Ellen, accompanied by Kinloch, Walker, Palmer, and Farrell, entered the boat and began to make their way up stream. For a mile the winding turns were followed easily enough, but as the ranges were entered navigation became more difficult. The current was more rapid, and occasionally huge logs obstructed the stream. When four miles were traversed it was decided to leave the boat and search the ranges. To BE CONTINUED 