POLITICAL rUIJNTS Six past presidents o! the Trades Hall Council are in the Assembly, There was a seventh (Winter) but lie died sometime back. Seemingly the Council is a stepping stone to political place and pay. Max Hirscli, the economist and apostle of land value taxation, has broken down nnd is now spending a short holiday in Queensland recruiti-;:. He is expected back in good form I ir the elections. If Parliament cannot confer the boon of one man one vote upon us it will at least give the inestimable blessing of one man one dog, and Sal mon’s bill bestowing it is getting along nicely. Under its provisions every house holder will be allowed to keep one dog free of tax-, nnd so in future will not bo compelled to send the animal on a visit to its country relations when Mr, Hall and his colleagues are making their annual calls. Both Houses were engaged on a hundred and one different matters last week, finishing up with a count out in the Assembly after tea on Friday night. So far, hut little interest has boon taken in the session’s work. Longmore’s motion to bust up the big estates, which had been on the business paper far a blue moon, was at last reached and after ho had had his little say was rejected by 57 to 16, no body else speaking to it. Early in his speech Longmore pro phetically compared himself to the voice of one crying in the wilderness. On the whole ho made a fair attack on the evils of land monopoly. Both Houses are being inundated with petitions from the tabernacles and little Bethels of Victoria asking that the name of God shall be worked into the Federation Bill by hook or by crook. A paper, which being published at St. Kilda ought to know, says that Premier Turner’s ordinary state title will be the Bight Hon. Sir George Turner, P.C., N.C.M.G., M.L.A., LL.D. Now suppose P. H. G. P. S. Co nant gets into Parliament, and he and Turner have a lot to say during every sitting—as is sure to bo the case— what a lively time Hansard reporters will have taking down such alphabets of capital letters! Happy thought. As a means of raising revenue why not have a pro gressive tax on initials and titles? On the principle of Salmon’s dog bill ullow every man one initial free of charge; tax him on extra ones. Frank Madden scored distinctly when Longmore’s proposal to put a half-crown protective duty on each ton of imported coul was under discussion. It was stated that Jumbunna coal was as good as that of Newcastle and cheaper in price. “ What is the need of protecting it then ?” queried Madden. And the question not being answered the motion was lost. Upper House Melville opposes the Insolvency Amendment Bill on the ground that it is more in accord with the ideas of 100 years ago than, those of to-day, nnd treats every unfortunate as a scoundrel. Melville is undoubtedly the radical of the Council—almost an iconoclast at times—und hardly runs in harness with the Clarkes, futher and son, who have represented with him the same constituency. Persistently rumored in e that Attorney-General Isaacs n ill take the position on the Supreme Court bonch which Sir Hartley Williams is about to resign. But it all depends what Turner does when he comes back, nnd if there is a ghost of a chance of getting the pre miership I.A.I. will think more of political glory than the comfort und obscurity of the bench. The opposition is hopelessly demoral ised and misses even MTntyre’s weak leadership. M’Keuzie is the man for the position but his defective vision handicaps him. It is a little curious that M’Kenzie and Trenwith, the two men in the Assembly whose sight is so had that they are almost blind, should be such capable debaters and tactful parlia mentarians—equal to. any in ■ the House and better than most. But for the physical failing both would have, taken high political office before, and one or the other is a cer tainty in the next Miuistry. Which one depends on the fate of Turner and his colleagues at the polls in Ooto Amusing to see sporting members— who would rather go to a cook fight than church on Sunday—presenting petitions “ from certain members and ndheronts of such nud suoh a church,’* or from a band of hope. How very exact the “ Parliamentary Votes and Proceedings ” are. For in stance, a recent issue precisely stated that theHouse adjourned ut thirty-nine minutes past seven o’clock. Twenty minutes to eight would le near enough for most people. Announcements of opposition to' -n. ting members are coining in from Ml parts of the colony, und the eml of In month should see parties drawing up in.battle array. While it is not improbable that the persennd of the Assembly will be em sidernbly altered tho position of ti e Turner Ministry will not he uffeoteil, though perhaps there may bo a re-allot ment of portfolios. There is the Agent-Generalship, a <-'■ possible position ns Mines Commis sioner in, Great Britain, and at least one judgeship to bo filled up, and the appointments will, depend on the tem per of eleotors just before the tiu^o.vl 1 nomination for the dcotioiw 