A Perilous Position. ,:i , j.. i ii II i i ii , i i i .. i . ' ffram BY.Spjotu. Wmj : : f V- \ By MARY ALBERT, ..-.j/ Author of "Tha Lucltiesfc Man in the World," "The Bride of a Day," "Brooke Broohley'e Daughter," "A Hidden Torror," "Delia's Story, . . "The Shelling of tho Peas," &o.;, &o.; i !; CorVDIOHT. > OHAPTER XVIII.— (Continued.) W "M as nt roamed. Some- '' m niln ono as con us0 nough fig '"M to personate him,' ' oricd m. Ho. Lorj Lunford, breath- V lessly. ' When . I con- fronted him in tho vicar's study, and when, in trying to evado mo, his broad- bnmmcd hat fell off, I at oneo detected the imposture. Tho man has fled, and has just vanished into that wood. Go after him, Sir. Olford, whilo I rouse tho neighbourhood.' ' Into the wood r re-echoed tho young man; aud as Lord Lauford nodded assent he wns off in pursuit without furthor parley. Indoed, Reginald 01- \- ford was not a man to let the grass grow under his feet when ho had such a matter in hand, and fully alivo to the situation he dashed recklessly into the depths of tho wood. ' He'll hunt down 'the miscreant if . anyone can,' muttered Lord Lanford, much relieved ininind at having secured such a coadjutor. 'A nice follow is Reginald Olford. What a misfortune that the charming Miss Thorpoloigh did not fall in love with him instead of that wretched Mr. Byng. I am sorry onough for her, having theso vulgar, unknown relations swooping down on her.' Now it happened that during tho post night Margaret had lain awnko pondering deeply on what hor duty towards the Truemans reallvwas. With infinite pain she had arrived at tho con clusion that she had failed in it— that she had been cowardly iu hor shrinking from seeing and questioning the man who claimed to be hor brother-in-luw, and she had decided to go nnd visit him the next day. He, too, if ho had really been Susan's husband, might have some things which ho wished to say to her, and howevor she might revolt from meeting him, sho resolved to overcome . her repugnance and to go. As'wo have seen, this next day brought tho start ling news that the lost viear had re turned. . Hillington, the village at which the Truemans wero lodging, was not far off ; sho would walk through tho woods as soon as her maid returned with tidings of the vicar. It seemod almost too good to hope that Mr. Lufton liad actually come baok! Godfrey would be cleared of remaining under suspicion at any rate! Jane i.ame in, breathless and excited. 'It was not tho vicnr himself, ma'am,' gasped she, ' only someone dressed up to look liko him. Lord Lan- ford and a good many of the villagers aro trying to tako tho impostor. It seems so dreadful thut any one should have dared play such a trick !' _ Margaret was at. first speechless with disappointment and surprise. Some base- minded person had found pleasure in as vile a subterfuge as anyone could imagine. With , a heavy sigh sho roused her self after tho lapse of a few minutes, and tolling her maid where sho was going, sho set off for tho Truomans' lodgings. . What need was thero for any 6eoreoy since all her world (except tho absent' Mrs. Beech) were by this time aware of poor Susan's ill- judged marriage! Desirous of avoiding tho road through the village, sho took a cir cuitous path, leading into tho very wood through which, somo time pre viously, tho man who had personated the missing vicar had flown. Margaret wont on into the middle of the wood, when, all at onco hurried steps followed by a shout and by the crash ing of brushwood (as of someone dash ing through the undergrowth)' mot her ear. Sho paused, wondering what the conimotion could mean, and half- terrified at it. The noxt momont in tense surpriso rooted her to the .spot as two. „ figures emorged into, a clearing, and as sho gazed the girl fairly gasped for breath. Woll might she feel utter bewilder ment at Bight of the moving personages dashing across tho opon space before j hor, for in eaoh sho scorned to see tho ! lost Mr, Lufton ! She attempted to cry out for help; but, agitated as sho wns, tremulous, ; fearful, hor voice did not nttract tho attention of tho two persons in view— ono of whom was pursuing, tho othor (.retreating boforo his pursuer. . Could it be possible that; in one of . these sho saw tuo missing clergyman ? Controlling her desire to fly from tho spot, she went forward as quiokly as .. she could, but beforo she had gained ,. the clearing they had both disappeared. , Margaret's intention of seoing tho : Truemans that day vanished; another : duty had intervened, for it wbb im- perative that sho should at once make . known what she had witnessod. Sho V:.tvas flying down tho woodland, path, when someone, coming iu a contrary ' direction, uttorod a surprised oxelama- ; ; tion, and sho rocogriiscd Reginald Olford. ' ' Oh/ Mi1. Olford! I have been so startled !' oricd sho, : tremulously ; 'I /thought I.Baw Mr. Lufton — or rather, two 'Mr. Luftons, in. the midst of that clearing.' ' What, here?'" he answered, in an ' /Agitated tone. >' Yes ! yes ! : It was only a moment fv#gb 'that I saw what appeared to be tho :,?l6gt ..vicar; and someone besides who was vfthe exaot counterfeit of him.'-- Which way was it ?' asked Reginald, /(breathlessly; ' t. To - tlio left,, and one was pursuing £'iffie/otKer. ...I will, go and make it ji'known.' ' . 'v.// Without' the loss of a moment she S'mciabZfbr the shortest path out of the ''wood, -and told her breathless tale at tf ithev nearest cottage'; begging that some ;bne ivoul# go to assist Mr. Olford in his '-fcearbh., .; Kii-; '-.'Taint no uso, miss, not if' a hundred Vofviis was to go!' rejoined the woman who had answered her summons, ' 'Tis ' i the. poor gentleman's ghost wandering ; iboiit the wood.' - , 'Indeed, it was no ghoBt. Mrs. Portor,' nrguod Margarot. ' Who can I ask to join in tho soaroh? Who will bo at homo?' , ' My dear miss, 'tis mnny a day since poor Mr. Lufton vanished, ns ono may say, and now he's seen, first in ouo pluco, then iu anotlior; now at Hilling- ton, thon iu tho copso near by.- "Pis his spirit, poor gontloman, come back to this oarth to ery for vengeance, 'l'wasn't no othor that went to tho vicarago, neither.' Seeing it vain to argue tho matter, Margarot wont to othor cottngos with much the samo rosult, and having at longth roused tho carpenter afid a brick layer out of , work to consent ,to liolp in tbe search, sho reached home almost too much' dispirited to wondor what tidings concerning tho viear. would next bo spread abroad. . Margaret was not, however, to bo left long without hearing something of the ufternoon's episode, for nn hour or two later her maid knocked at'the'door, and brought tho latest tidings. ' Oh, ma'am ! ' exclaimed she, ' James has come in, nnd he says tlioro's cvor such u commotion in tho villngo. Por Mr. Glover, ho that has oponed tbo now gonerul shop, was coming back from Hillington, when all of a sudden, iu a pateh of moonlight, by Bono's Hollow, ho saw tho two figures that you saw, miss, and tho fright has iuudo him quite ill. Lord Lanford has scut out anotlior party to search, but tho villngo folk have shut - their doors, bolieviug that 'tis ghosts as people have seen.' ' And 'Juno's rosy faco grow palo as sho concluded. ' I never heard of two ghosts repre senting oue man,' replied Margaret, with a wan smile. . A troubled, sleepless night succeeded, and whon morning dawned Miss Thorpe- loigh's spirits wero so mueh depressed that sho wont out into a lonely part of tho grounds, wondering whether hor heart would over again be ut rest. It was a still morning ; and as sbo, wandered on, absorbed in thought, tho quiet was broken by a sudden tumult. Hurrying steps, shouts, tho cries of several persons struck upon her ear, and, in a moment she found herself sur rounded by a group of men, women, and children, who wero pursuing a flying figure— surely that of tho lost vicar; That figure dodged, turned, and sought by every device to elude his pursuers, but in vain ; and then a now feature broke upon tho scone, for labouring after tho now cuptive man caino a second figuro, beforo whom all fell back affrighted, for unmistakably hero was the missing clergyman ! Meantime two or throe of tho by standers had laid a firmer hold ou the man whd wore so strange a rcsorablaueo to Mr. Lufton,' and a voice .said, Very strenuously, ' Now, then, you will ex plain your musquorading ut 'the polico station.' ' No, no, no ! ' answered another voice ; ' it is I who will explaiu every thing. You all recognise mo, surely, in spite of my non-clerical costume !' ' It wns the vicar who spoko, tho veritablo man for whom thoy had till boon seeking with such anxiety till thoy had grown to bclievo that he had been murdered. Thoro was no mistake tkis_ time in his- identity, as the bewildored Marguret told herself on recognising his voice. Thon who was this other man who had counterfeited him ? And with what objoct hud ho acted so strange a part? They gathored round the actual Mr. Lufton, over whelming him with questions. _ ' What can have ..happened to yon, I sir ? Whore have you boon.? Wlio i4l this person. rosembling you so strangely? You havo kept us all in terrible sus pense. It was not troating us very well,' &c.;, &c;,, &c.; Those sentences assailed tho vicar's ears on all sides, increasing his distress nnd howilderraent. Ho put up his hand,' thus silontly asking attention. Thoro wns a suddon husli among tho crowd, aud Mr. Lufton spoke. 'I havo had somothing hard to bear,' he said, ' since I last saw you all ; hut I ought not to regret it, sinoo it enables mo to unravel the darkost schemo that was ever concocted. I must begin my talk by explaining what I have hitherto guarded us a pro found secret.' Every ear was . strained to batch what was noxt to bo revealed, and the vicar continued : ' But it can bo kept secret no longer, howevor painful it may bo to ine to reveal it. ./None of you have known — though I have lived among you so loug — that I have n twin brother who is mentally nfflioted, and wlio undor tho namo of Payne, has boen for years under the ohnrge of Dr. Bewley at Eitohley.'" ' Ah !' ' Oh !' ' Who would have, guessed that?' was .ejaculated all round, aufl ranuy caught their breath in strong excitement, while Margaret, fully ns much iutorested as auy one of the group, pressed nearer. Tho olorgyman, who ivns a good, deal affected, went, on : 'Though seemingly harmless, the doctor has always declared . that ray brotlior needed careful minrdinnKliin. and ho was therefore nover permitted to go beyond Dr. Bewley's grounds. ' Recently he assumed illness, during tho dootor's enforced absence, and ho wroto to me, entreating that I would go and soe him tho next day, as soon as morning service was over, for he felt he might not live through the Sunday. ' The _ journoy by railway occupies only thirty-five minutes; so that by setting off at about twenty minutes to ono o'clock immediately after morning service, there would bo time to go and return by threo o'clock, as tho trains fitted perfect. ' Dr. Rowley had often admitted mo by a sido door half coucoalod by shrubs, and had taken 'me through his study to my. brother's room, for he know that I wished to keep my visits as privato as possible. ' It was in this way that. I entered the dootor's houso on tho memorablo Sunday in question, for, finding the gardon entrance open, though ap parently closed, I entered without hesi tation, and wont upstairs without meet ing anyono. 'But my brother was ou the watch for me. Often as I had heard iustanees recounted of the cunning of lunatics, I hail never suspected my brothor of being ready to practise on mo. But he had planned everything to effect his escape during tho dootor's absence from home, a eireumstanco which ho was not sup posed to bo awure of. lie had heard tho uttcmlauts speak of it in whispers, nnd tho plan ho had formed was curried out with tho utmost dariug. He kuew that Sunday would bo tho best day on which to succeed iu his design, and he wrote to mo accordingly. . . . ' It was not the first time I had paid him a visit botween 1 and 3 o'clock ou tho Sunday, and on this last occasion he wns waiting to hear my expected foot step. As I entered his .room, believing that I should tiud him seriously ill in bod, ho sprang on mo from behind tho door, gagged me, while holding me down with all his strength, tore off my coat, stunnod me with a blow, and thon, quickly putting mi my hnt nnd outer garments, and pocketing my watch and purso, ho walked out. . ' I havo explained that the doctor was from home, that tho attendant iu charge luid not seen mo enter, and, as it chanced, my brother met no ono as he stolo away; but had he. done so, his extraordinary likeness to mysolf would havo aided his ovasiou. Ho, too, know of tho garden ontrimco into tho grounds, and no ouo guessed the scene which had been enacted by its means. ' Bor tho rest he had omitted nothing which might give him Biiccoss. Eor days pnst, with deep cunning, ho had simulated weak health, and hail been so gentlo and tniotnblu that tho . attondant was lulled into security. ' As my poor brothor had always been permitted to write to mo as freely ns ho chose, and as often, ho had no difficulty in sending me the fictitious news of his illness, and he had timed his missive to suit his purposo. ' ' But ho had dono far more than this, for with consummate scheming ho had implored his attendant on 6ovoral occa sions to "let him go home," adding that they, were muking a great mistake in detaining him there, as it was 'he who was vicnr of Thorpoloigh, nnd that they had confused him with his brothor. ' And thus it happened that when I had managed to got the gag out of my inouth after recovering consciousness, and mado frantic entreaties te be allowed to go homo, tho attendant only called , for help and put on the strait waistcoat; for, to my misfortune, niy voico us much resomblcs my brothor'6 as do my features. 'In this way, deteinod from home, my mental disquietude was agonising ; but the hope of liberation as soon as tho doctor returned, supported me, for I was sure ho would listen to my repre sentations. I had, too, anotlior liopo. If my brothor went to Thorpoloigh .Vicarage (which unfortunately, ho only dul quito recently) the docoit must be speedily discovered.' I'TO BIS CONTINUED. 