SYDNEY TURF GCUB BiRTH- 'OAV- Meeting." ; First Day. ' A Rank Outsider Wins the Principal Event. ' Last Saturday's meeting at Rand- wick turned out very satisfactorily. The weather was really pleasant dur ing the afternoon, but there is no doubt that tbe threatening aspect of the early moaning frightened off many intending visitors, more especially as the two preceding days had been a faisample <of midwinter— miserable and sloppy. The racing track was in excellent or der. the heavy rains seeming to hove twarcely satisfied the thirsty, sandy soil, although, taking: the times re corded as a guidance, the going must havo been pretty dead. The acting secretary. Mr. Tom Evans, managed , Affairs with the smootliness that comes of long experience. Owing to the recent decision In tho Full Court to rlie effect that cash bet ting on a racecourse is Illegal, the com mencement of operations by the book maker was anticipated with a sort of, Wonder-wlinT-iJiey'll-do" expectancy. The police were waiting about for ihb odds merchants to open out. but when tkeydid. contented thcmselvcs"wilh the takiug of some forty names. The layers didn't seem to worry much ; III fact, they appeared to work with de fiant energy. - The hurdles were set up to open out the programme, and .Eolus, by weight of money, was hoisted to favoritism at .'J to J. Pflt, an up-country performer, was first quietly nibbled at. and then made the medium of a considerable amount of genuine support, till he was eventually quoted al 7 to 2. Favor and Cornet were entrusted with solid stable commissions at 4's. while Faber had a good following at 5 to 3. Dalby was tiie only unbacked horse in tue field. WJieii the send off was signalled. Favor was iu front, and Took the first jump in advance of Dalby and Pdt. while Cornet was at t he tail end. Com- iug into tlic straigln Pat moved to the head of affairs, and. passing the stand, led .Eolu by a length. Willi Dalby and Favor following closely. At Oxouliam's Pat and .EoJns were on even terms. : while Fabcr and Favor wore a b'ugih or two away from iho leaders. Xonr- Ing the fivo-l'urloug post Pat ngnlu hit out for an advantage, and put a couple of lengths between himself aud -Eolus : and Falter was with Favor, half a dozen lengths further back. A little later on -Eolus shut up. and Fabcr ran light up to Pat At the turn, while .Eolus was several. lougths away from ihe from pair, aud Favor ton lengths worse. Pat aud Falter raced to the Legcr hurdle on even terms. The last- named appeared to be going benor than the up-country gelding, but. Utting the obstacle badly. Keys' horse lost ground, ami Pat cauie on and won by three leugrhs. .Eolu was third, ten lengths away, while Cornet was al»out t he eniuc distance further back, l'avor wa« next, aud Zhtlby last. The Royal Stakes attracted 20 run ners. il»c only eliminations being Pre caution, Croine d'Or. Wailiine. and Nor' East. Muudiva was laltellcd "first choice' for several days before the inecting. and. as the son of Welcome .lack slripj>e<l well, lu was on top of tho betting last as sxiu as the day's operations were ei>ninieiieed. aud. standing firm, left tl|> paddock at b to 2\. Steward looked thiek and hnrd. and Ids jwiny wem in for solid business at r»'s. Delaware aud ScmiraniLs both looked perfect. A fairly even start fouuu Fir si Mote quickest on his logs, with Telegraph and Talavora followiug. Going to the sheds First Mate remitted his adran- lage. while Doriuvsl. Mundiva. and Delaware appeared tt< his nearest at tendants. and Telegraph and Raven's Plume were a nee); further away. Telegraph aud E-nrl Rosebery moved to the front In eompauy just sifter the l:ai:'-imle pest was passed, and had a slight advantage of Devoted and First Mate. Rounding the bend Telegraph was piloting Devoted and Kilt, who lnid moved up smartly, and after them cajuo Telegraph. Earl Rosehery. and First Mate. When fairly in !!u> straight Devoted crept out slightly from Somiramis. aud Kilt aud Tele graph were close up. As tho distaucc post was reached Devoted was Improv ing ids advantage, vrhiie Mundiva and Syorla made a weak and final Jnd. A good ft niggle to the wiuuiug post re- 1 suited in Devoted gaining the verdict by a length and a half from Somiramis. who preceded Kilt by a short neck. Mundiva was fourth. Then followed Telegraph. Burleigh. First M:ne. and Talnvera ; while Geology. Survivor, Akariui. and Raven's ritmte made up the last bunch. The Amateur Welter— an old iusiim- tion f e S.T.—iiecessUitled a con- iderWe ninoulit oi reckonlng iip as to riie inWifs of tirn . repjecBye Riders before aa- mqve was friade to meet a "market favorite. .Bnnters, os if <?oni|ng from - a iSfiftirence, inade a recflbte uwvp lBAvor; Sovereign, who bad iiie Betvls ftt Mt. Bcmson, and .ibis sblM;look4ng eou- of Pibday was wpU backed % i-rish of stable «uppor «6on after fiuoled at tiie same.flgure. H L , As the barrier rose Shaugliran and Vigilance uioved'to comumtuL-biit as -tbe «beds were reached Trichwd i-ushed to tbe front, with Braebum, Shaugbran, Che6terina, aud Tnftuita In a close chain.. Approaching tiie turn Tricliord wnsstiU at the bead of affairs, with Pretender,, -Kso, Cbesterina, \- Vigilance, and Sbongbriuin following. Turning Into the straight Trichord' was piloting, and bis lead fynm .unsuccess fully disputed till reaching tlie4!s&uce;, where Sovereign, coining through on tbe rails, outpaced bis field, ®nd won bv about four lengths from Vigilance, who beat Trichord by \a Utile over a length. Kelso was fourth, a bead a way. Then cauie Pretender, Handy Dick, «infl Shoughraun, with'Braebmti last. qie Steeplechase only Attracted four rimuers. and Reckless was quickly in stalled the favorite at2 to 1. Aud when punters and layers bad finished the .battle Keys' horse was on the same .mark. Gladstone was backed for a heap of money at 5 to 2. and Parnell. starting as a substitute for Whitefoot IL, hud a good many friends at 3 to 1. while Alarm , Bell's party worked quietly on a 4 to 1 chance, When the quartette left the starting post. Alarm Bell, as usual, grabbed for the lead, and continued id front to the logs, which he refused, leaving Parnell to take uj) a . position 20 lengths in ad vance of Reckless .and Gladstone. As the treble came to nqtlcc, l'am?U was only six lengths iu front. -and until the sheds were again reached there was scarcely any clraugc. At this point Reckless 'commenced to move forward, aiul. ere the logs were negotiated for the second time he was on even terms with Parnell. Ncariug the Treble Gladstone struck out for a lend, which ho held throughout rlio resit of the journey, and won by 20 lengths from Reckless, who oveitook the sleepily- ridden Parnell. aud l>eat him a head on tbe post. Alarm Bell, who was per severed with, finished a furlong away, last. Time, fi inin ISOsee. When the Turf Club Handicap came on for discussion, puntevs tumbled over one another to get a bet oh Mess mate. who finished up nt r> to 2, Tur- aihiki. a shop favorite, was strongly supported at f to 2, aud Projectile was really solid on the same mark. Glen- dennou was trusted by stable luuiualos with small "parcels at. S's. and Miss Nora, The Enchanter, and Steward formed a trio of 30 to 1 chances. Glendiuiuou. with the M'Cany style, went to the "front as soon as he was able to get there, and at the six-fur- fonjr post he wns four lengths Iu from, of Messmate, who preceded The En chanter by about half that distance. As the live furlong post was passed Messmate was slightly in advance of a flicked body. Coining round the turn Messmate and Glendcuuon were on terms in the lead, with Steward. Gozorciufl.'aud Miss Nora trending on tlieir "beds. At. the St. Lcger stand Miss Norii cJuJleugnd Messmate, who luid gained a decided lead, while Pro jectile was seen to lie striding up gradually ou the outside, and the lasf- uuuicd. wearing down his opponents, won by a lenglli from Messmate. Steward was third, with Gozoreiua next, and thru followed Gleudenuon. The Enchanter, Loch Leigh, and Miss Nora, while Wjngcllo was the last to finish. Bv "Wire. Tuesday Morning. The beautiful weather attracted over 15.M0 people to Raudwiek yesterday. Among these were Iord Hampden and suite. Fatter was made favorite for the Hurdles, and al the distance appeared to have the race won. But Favor came with a fasr rt?a at the finish, and quickly overhauling the favorite, won by half a length. Pal ran well under Lis list 101b, while Cornet's perform ance was in marked contrast to that of Saturday. JThls ma tier N further referred to olsewliere.— Ed. " S." .The I.ochiol— Mnutilhi t wo-yenr-old goidiug. KilL ridden judiciously by llouseuuiii. accounted L.r the May Slakes iu good stylo, beating Mr. Hur- denfs Nor' East, who is reckoned no "tfloucli." The fiuish was a pretty scf-to between these youngsters. Delaware has been performing r=o indifferently lately that his rnu-away win of rbe Birthday Gup came as a complete surprise. luO'fi to 3 aud 4 wore easily obtainable. The sou of Tren ton was in command going out of the straight, and at the mie post had a two-lengllis break. Even then his vic tory was anticipated, aud there were cries of "What price Delaware V" At the bend Delaware was still sailing along an great style, while the only others who lind a ghost of a chance were Talavcra and Gleudctmnn. They finished in that order, with Projectile, who started a 5 to 1 favorite, fourth. Another Lochicl two-year-old. iu Bur leigh. carried off the Nursery Handi cap in comfortable stylo : while the outrider. Kelso, about whom some pi»oph» got iri's. while 12 to I may be quoted as a fair wavting price, fairly "donkey-licked" Kiug t'lovis. a 7 to 4 favorite in ihc Farewell Uatulicap. Of the £1435 in stakes. Mr. Y. R. Hall lakes £W>. Mr. Fielder £210. and Messrs. Payieu and Lumond u "cen tury" each. 