TITOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On * hurud'iy nfU'rutiou our rupresentrtire made Ilia way tu tho huiiihlo home of Sir. TtuniiM .larvi», 45 Cnimn-Iane, Ollimu. He wan discovered nursing a two-yeiir hahy, and 1»H lace dcclanti lit in to nu one of the hniiniest men in Sydney. He vras up nnd about and able to uiiraor tho knock at the dinr. Althoush pale and bearing still the marka of a critical illness, and a period of |min. it was very clear that he was an invalid on the muid road to convalca- I cence. In ronly to the preliminary, questions he ! Mid : ?' You want to hnmv all about my case ? \ Well. I -m B!ad ,,f an i.wx.rtunity ti- tell Jim. ' The facts may he uf value to those who are ??How lung wero you miffiiring 1' ' Well, twelve months ago I «ot so bad thst I hid to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About Bvo yearn ngo, next Christ mas. I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a b--th in Pitt-Rtreet Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four year* of gradual development of the maUdy, I was forced to giv» up my WUet at tbo Gli'be Island.' ' What were the synntnms Y' ' Simply indescribable Tho piin-i were some thing terrible. They wen- just about as much as I C011U hear. Tliey were f.ir all tho world liko as if a saw wero cutting my bones in two in overy part of me I had no control over my Imwels or bladder, and was a nuisance to mysrlf nrd overyono else. I was incessantly shivering und shaking, and could neither oit nor sleep. On the 23rd M uch l%*t T kvw a well-known doctor I and hu told me that *ny caHQ wiw utterly hopelcns However ho yivo ran an Girder to thu Director of ?'? Did you mako n'se of tho order 1' ' No ; I came homo and went tu bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever aince. Fivo weeks ngo I could not walk across the flour ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it w.is nil over with me, and only a question uf days when I would giro up tha ghost. My tli- ctor was »\t tending mo, nntl did nil ho could* by opium and morphia pills to ease thu ngony X 1 He came to thu conclusion that I was suffering I nbizy, a disease nf thu i*pin tl cord, ch'imctvrised by peculiar dirturb-uictii nfg- iit, and difficulty in co-ordiiating voluntary nvivomttnts. Hu told me that I might list for ten years, and that I the patient kicked his Iegi about with energy to Bhnw lhAt mLnUcU opinion ,4 not infallible.) Wull.just as a drowning m-m wjll gra^p at a stmv I grc.iped at an idea couwytnl hy thu ndvurtixe anorher boiler-maker in EngUnd, wliich I read I in tho Australian H'mhnan. by Dr. Williams' I Pink Pill* for Pale People. I mid in the ndvertisunumt of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to givu thu Pink PilN a trul anyway, and «ent f..r a box. Thu effect was I as marvellous as it was magic tl. I was able tu j cat nnd Hleep us tlumgh nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and wai ahlo t' move aViut. I have taken tour Iji.ics of Pink Pills during the im four weeks, and am now taking the tifth li'.i. I can walk about with tho aid uf a stick, and am gradually, hut surely, rvcoveriug my former vigor r.nd vitality. You see tboso crutches there ! They are perfectly now, and I have never used them. They xcre made for me bef re I got tho Pink Pills, hut 1 nm too weak til use them, nnd now I dr n't ivant them. All I want is tlii, stick, anil I hopo soon to du without '' Ho is 100 per centliottcr,' s..id Mm. Jarv'is who had ckiiio in And taken tho liahy on her knees. ' Tho Pink PilN have saved his life tind .nub another man of him.' A friend who citltxl in at this point, said that Jarvis ItMiked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight urunmuly. , ' I cm nw,h continued .Tarvis, ' Iwvo n cold ' Kith, and all tho ft-clini; has come b.ick in my legs. If I kcepnn gninjj the way I nm, I liopu j to ho fiblo to ru^uine work nan builer-nnker, nnd ' you know I hivu to be in thu vwry pink of health I and atreng-h tu work at that trade. I am hotter \ t-i-day th-in I hivo I»een at any time dririny the i nait five years. I a-mtiho all tho changa and i beuufit u. these Pink Pill«. They Invu naved feel like a neiv mm. On tho nnnteipifco there ' in ii hivx ..f upium nnd nmrphu pills which tlio , But they cm »tay trhero th,-y aro for I lu.l-nr'or I need them. They cid lurdly liulit-vu tht- ir eyes. ; My heing( out again has caused quite a sensation 1 Such i* thin rum-irkahiu history, and it cmi. ' firmi what is said in all the chief twwK{nutin of this citintry of the astoiiinliing curei wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink PHI* for Pnle People. They euro litcimiotor nt-ixy, pirthl (taMlyniH, and Bpim\l dtscvse, nlst. the many nistmlem which arise fmm an impoverished Btate of tho lilond, ! ouch m nntcmia, imIu nnd willow complexion, appetite, HimrtneM of braitli, \niua in thu back, j ' If the hlootl tftdiseascd the \iody is diseased ' ' \--Remeuibcrthxt tho Mood, whether pjro or impure, circulates thnmgh tliu orgins of tho ' huunn h»*ly — Lungs, Heart, Stnmnch, Kidneys ' Brnln. If it is Uden with pnhonmii nutter it spreuli disease on iu course. In cnsci of Scrofuh. Scun-y, Eczema, B,id Legs, Skin and Blood 'Diseasei, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds thd effect of Clarke's Blood Mixture nro mirvoHous. Tti'iumnda of wonderful cures have Wen effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mix- ! turo ia sold everywhere at 2». 9*1 pei bottlu. rtevraro uf ^nrthluis imitations and substitutes Evtliv Hucse may shortly lie supplied with electric lijht by a Himplo (tieco of mechanism pliced over tho kitchen chimney, t! a now plsu nf Ediaon'a fur generating electricity fnim lieat is succesiful. Thus the tmoreat tierson could hivethebeneGtofa useful invention which is n i» re«arde-l ns a luxury only for tho comfort nf the rich. Mr. Thomas flolloway, howuver. Im given i\ greater blexaing to huuuinity than h:is yel bei'ti nlTunlcd by the mtMt wondcrfnl dis civcriea of science. HU Pills and Ointment lnvo Buccreded in cum where the greatest authorities nn medical treatment havu failed. Whituver thu. condition of a pitieut may lie, t 'leao medicine^ will etlect a cum if such a thing iihum-inlypc^ihlu. Daring tho bearins nf * cvw of Rtediug at tho Yoiiii^ Q tartar SdMitons tho pri-«-ncr ndinitted ttut bo had it t'rie ttmi bouncounucted with tho G.inlinergr\iig uf bailiiangiira. 