QUEEN ELIZABETH'S GHOST. Alleged to Hate Been Seen at "Windsor Castle. A remarkable story is published in the " Daily Hail " of 9th February, to the effect that Lieutenant A. St. Leger Glyn, 3rd Battalion Grenadier Guards, has seen Queen Elizabeth's ghost iu the library at Windsor Castle. The following statement was made by the Lieutenant's mother, the Hon. Hrs Carr Glyn, to the " Mail " investigator : "It is perfectly true that my son has | witnessed something abnormal. He was, ho tells me, sitting in the library of | Windsor Castle reading a boolc—' The History of Dorsetshire,' to he exact. As he read, ho became aware of someone passing in the inner library. He looked up and saw a female figure iu black, with black lace on the head, falling on to the shoulders. The figure passed across the library towards a corner which was out of | view as my son sat, and he did not take | much notico, thinking it was somebody reading in the inner room. This was just upon 4 in the afternoon, and an at tendant soon afterwards came up to close the place. My son asked who tbo lady was who was at work in the inner room, and the attendant replied that no one olse •was in the library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before walked across the inner room. ' Then where could she be?' asked the atten dant, having ascertained that nobody was J in the inner room. ' She must have gone j out of a door in the corner,' said my son, indicating a corner to which the figure J had passed. * But there is no door,' said ! the attendant. My son said, nothing about this incident, and aid not think I much about it, I understand, until Mr j Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, the attendant having mentioned tho I matter to Mr Holmes. Asked by Mr | Holmes to describe the figure he bad seen, my son did so, and Mr Holmes replied that my son had seen the apparition of | Queen Elizabeth. Mr Holmes added there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieutenant j Glyn was tbo first man in oiir time who bad seen it. The Dean of "Windsor also asked my son about it, and several inetnbers of the Royal family have inter viewed him on the subject. As for Mr , Holmes, I am given to understand that he hns spent nights and days in the library since, . in the hopes of being vouchsafed a visitation." The Hon Sydney Carr Glyn, the famous Crimean'1 veteran, tho father of Lieutenant"Glyn, here entered the roam, I and upon learning of. tho topic under ! discussion, said" If my son says ho has j seen anything, yon may take it from us j that lie has seen it. He is a fresh, honest English boy, only a subaltern, but fond of field sports, like most guardsmen, and, j unlike some guardsmen, fond of reading. He wouldn't exaggerate anything a hair's breadth." Both the Hon. and Mrs Carr Glyn gave permission for the publication of this statement by their son, subject to tho sanction of Lieutenant Glyn. On Sunday night a telegram was despatched to Lieutenant Glyn soliciting leave to gi\ e the story on his authority, and yes terday morning came the answer:— " Certainly, if you like.—Glyii, Grena diers, Islav'." Tho representative of the " Daily Mail" next saw Mr R; R. Holmes, E.S.A., the librarian of the Castle, and writes ! Mr Holmes conducted me to the scene of the alleged apparition. Ho pointed out the chair occupied by Mr Glyn, which stands on the east side of the first room, and I seated my self in it. Immediately before me was a large globe, looking past which a few steps lead up into a gallery, the sides. of which are lined with books. On tho south side of tho gallery —which was built by Queen Elizabeth, and used by her as a picture gallery in which she was accustomed to walk, and where she devised, or reflected upon those masterpieces of statecraft which have made her reputation what it is— stands a fine chimney-piece, over which a bust of the "Virgin Queen" looks down somewhat severely upon the spot where her shndc has been so recently seen. Mr Holmes says that his gallery has had the reputation of being haunted by the ghost of Queen Eliznbeth from time out of memory. His own recollec tion of the story dates from 27 years ago, and lie has been in the habit of spending Hallowe'en in the gallery for several years in tho hope of encountering her deceased Majesty. He had heard some rumor to the effect that the Empress Frederick had, when a child, seen an apparition in the gallery, aud on her visiting Windsor hopes to seenro some corroboration or denial of the rumor. Rats cannot resist sun flower seeds. A trap baited with these seeds is the most effective method of cgtching them. Tho British working man has 278 working days in tho year ; the American, 30S the German, 312; the. Russian, 267. 