THE STORYTELJUKB ' The Vintage.' A Story of the Greek 'War of Independence. By E. F. Benson, Author of ' Dodo,' &c.; CHAPTER I. Nauplia huddled together on the edge of its glittering bay, stood einpty- ftreeted beneath the hot stress of the midsummer noon, and even from ?within the houses came no sound of life. Down the middle of the main street lay a yellow riband of scorching sunshine, and the narrow border of s-harp-cut shadow spoke of the south. I Two or three irregular lines of houses led up I from the quay into the square, in which stood a. I couple of cafes and a few Greek shops, but two of I the four sides were laken up with the quarters of | the Turkit-h garrison. All along the north side I ran the barracks of the common soldiers, two Ij storied buildings of brown stone, with small giated windows, which held the two companies of men who were stationed in the town itself, lef-s ; fortunate in this burning weaiher than the main part of the garrison, which was quartered in the airier fortress of Palamede behind, overlooking the town from the height of five hundred feet. Down the west side of the square came the quar : I _ ' She was after the fish,' the boy explained, ' and I tried to catch her. She shall taste a slapping.1'— Chaptku I in- ters of the officers who were in command of the town garrison, and next to them the prison, full -: to overflowing of the native Greeks. ' Two other narrow streets led out of the square eastwards towards the base of the Palamede, one I, of which, passing through the gate in the wall of j: Byzantine fortifications, and striking along be ll tween the mountains and the bay, soon became a j country road. The spring had been dry, and already, though it was only June, the country \- ',. was yellow and parched. Only the aloes and cactuses which formed the edge on either side were still green, and even the cactus fruit, matured too early, was withered and worthless. i-. This road, like the square, was absolutely ; !; empty, and lay equally dust-ridden and silent but j; for a few cicales in a line of white poplars, which I broke the monotony of the cactus hedges at one point, who clicked and whirred as if Sirocco was ! the most invigorating of winds. For the Siroci 0 ; j was beginning to blow up from the south, and -. raised mad little whiilwinds of dust, which danced ;; across the road and over the fields in hot, unrest ' ing eddies. The hills of Argolis to the north .; were already getting dim and veiled with the 1 fi dusty wind and losing themselves in an ague of -Jj$ teat- w| A mile further down the road stood a small ?| wineshop, in front of which stood a rough wooden B| portico open to the air on three sides, and ^1 roofed with boughs of oleander, plucked leaf and ? J flower together. A couple of rough stools and a. f IE rickety table stood in the shade in order to invite JI passers-by to rest and s-o to drink, and the owner ?I himself was lying on a bench under the house wall If fast asleep. A surly-looking dog of no particular breed guarded his slumbers in the intervals of its own, and snapped at the flies. Directly opposite the wineshop, on the other side of the road, stood a whitewashed house, built in a rather more pretentious style than most Greek peasant's houses, and surrounded by a garden, to which a row of white poplars gave a certain look of coolness and privacy. A veran dah ran round two sides of it, floored with wooden planks, and up the wooden pillars by which it was supported streamed long shoots of floweting roses. Alow wooden settee, covered with noaree mntting, stood in the shade of the verandah, and on it were sitting two men, one of whom was dressed in the black cassock of a priest, both silent. Thee suddenly out of thestilness came a human sound and a small grey cat rushed round the corner of the verandah pursued by a great long limbed boy, laughing to himself. He was dressed in a white liuen tunic and tight-fitting linen trousers ; he had no shoes, no stockings, nnd no hat. He almost fell over the settee before he sa vr anyone was there, but then he stopped, still laughing. ' She was after the fish,' he explained, ' and I tried to catch her. She 6hall taste a slipping. ' One of the men looked up at the boy and smiled. ' Yuu'll get a misi-hief if you run about in the sun at this time of the day,' he said. 'Come and sit here. But shake hands with the priest, Mitsos, and ask his blessing-,' Mitsos knelt down, aud the other man put his hand on the boy's rumpled black hair. ' God make you brave aud good,' he said, ' aud forgive all your sins.' ' Now tit down, Mitsos, and don't run about so much. Who stepped in a puddle ? ' ' The boy's face, which had grown gravt: as he re -.pived the priest's blessing, dimpled into smiles agam. ' Why, my cat, Peepseka,' he said. ' The greedy woman was going down to Ibe cellar, where I put the fish, and I waited quieily and caught her by the (ail. She spit at me like h she devil. Then she scratched me, therefore I let ffo. But soon I will catch her again, and she shall pav for it all.' He held out a bis1 brown hand, down which Psepseka had scored three red lines. ' What a fierce woman,' said his faiher. ' But you're too big to ruu after cats. You're eighteen now, Mitsos, and your uncle comf-s here this evening. He'll think you're a boy still.' The boy looked up from the examination of his hand. ' Uncle Nicholas ? ' he asked. ' Yes. Go and wash your hand aud then lay the table. Put some eggs to boil and get out some bread and cheese and pick some cherries. Mitnos got up. ' Will the father eat with us ? ' ' Surely, and put youv shoes ou before you come to dinner.' Ifitsos lingered a moment. ' And you will tell Uncle Nicholas I hiive beea good, so that he'll take me out shooting Y ' '?'' Do you remember what Uncle Nicholas said to you when he was here laBt ? ' The boy flushed. ' Tes.' ' What was it? ' ' Not — not to ask questions, and to do at once all I was told to do.' And, without waiting, he was off into the house. The priest looked up at Mitsos's father as the boy disappeared. ' He is full young yet,' he said. ' S.7 I think, aud no I exppcfc Nicholas w'31 think. But he is a good lad, nnd he can kt-ep a secret. He is strong, too : he walked from here to Corinth liist week, and came back next day, and he is growing like the aloe flower.' The priest rose and looked fien-ely out over the garden. ' May the God of Justice givf the Turks what they have deserved,' he said. ' May he send them bitterness to eat and blood to drink. May their children be fatherless, and their wives ?widows. They have do mercy, may they find none. The curse of a priest of God be upon them.' Mitsos's father sat where he was wiitching him. Eleven years ag-o Father Andrea had been obliged to make a journey to Athens to settle about some property of his wife's who hud just died, aud, if possible, sell it. He had taken with him bis only daughter, a girl of five or six years of age, pretty pven then, and with promise of wonderful beauty to come. Qn his way there, just outtfide Afb^us, hn had beeu attacked by a body of Turks, and, afier a desperate, hopeless resistance, had been left on the road more dead than alivo, and his daughter had been carried off, to be taken, no doubt, to be trained for some TurKish harem. He had lain there stunned for some time, for when he came to himself the day was already reddening to its close, and the hhadow of the hills of Daphne had stretched itself across the plain to where he liy. Wuunded and bleeding as he van, he Lad d?'ags-d himself back to Athens, and stayed there for weeks, until bis hope of ever finding his diiughtor again had faded and died. Since that time one thought and one only posseted his brain, a thoi'ght which whispered to him all day, aud shoub d to him in sleep, the lust for vengeance not on one Turk alone, on those who had carried Tluodora tff, but vengeance ou the whole of that race of devils. For ten years hi had thought find .schpnv d and worked at first with nothing more than wild words and bloody thoughts,' but of late in a soberer belief that his dsiy would enne, for organised schemes of throwing off the Turkish rule were on foot, and though they were still things only to be whispered, it was known that agents of the Club of Patriots were doing.sure and silent work all over the country. Father Andrea was a tall, finely-made man, and to judge from his appearance, the story that he would tell you how he and hie family were of pure Greek descent might have been true. He came from the south-weEt district of Argolis, a r«.ugb, mountainous land, where the Turks had never penetrated His father had died five years before, but when Andrea went to tell of the cap ture of his daughter, he had turned him out of the house and refused to see him again. ' A child is a gift which God bad given to the father,' said the old man. ' It were better for him to lose himself than lose God's gift. And we, one of the few families who have uot mixed with I that devil's brood, we are fallen even as others. You have brought disgrace on me and on our j dead, and I would sooner have seen you dead yourself than hear you tell me this.'' ' They were six to one,' said Audrea, 'and they left me for dead. Would to God they had I killed ;ne.' ' Would to God they had killed you,' said his j father, '? and her, too.' ? ' The fault was not min3 ; will you not for give mi.1 'r ' ? ' Yes, when the fault is wiped out by the death \ of Theodora r ' i ' Of Theodora ': Wbat has she done ? ' ' She will grow up in shame and mate with devils. Go.' Five years passed before they met again, but one day Andrea's father, left, lonely in his house, moved bv some vague desire which he hardly un derstood himself, saddled his mule, and went to Nauplia. Hn was very old and very feeble, and ; perhaps he felt that death could not be far from | him. Aud to Andrea's cry of, welcome and won der, ' I have come to you, my son,'' said the old mati. ' We are better alone, and — aud I am very old.' l);)y bv day rhu old nwn used to sit looking up and down the roai for Theodora. There was a bend in it some quarter of a mile further up, aud sometimes, when the sjiring days were warm, he would hobble up to the corner, and sit waiting- for her there, wLere be could command a longer stretch of country. But Theodora came not, and one eveuing. when he came back, he (sank iuto a chair, without strength, aud called Andrea to him. ' I'm dyin^j,' he said, ' and this is no time to waste idle words. When Theodora comes back, tell her I waited for her every day, aud I should have i;ked to see her again. 'And if you find it hard, Andrea, to forgive her, forgive her for my sake, for she was very little, and the fault was not hers ; it is not yours either. But if, when the day eomeN, you spare your Laud, and do not take vengeance mi the Turks to the uttermost, then may mv ghost tear you limb from limb, and g-ive you to the vultures and the jackals.' The old man rose from his chair. ' Vengeance J ' he cried. 'Death toman, woman, and child. Smite and spare not. for you are a priest of God, and they are of the devil ! Smite ! smite ! avenge ! ' He sank back in his chair again, his head fell on to his shoulder, and his arms rattled against the woodwork ; and with vengeance on his lips, aud the desire of veugeauee in his heart, he died. From that day a double portion of his spirit seemed to have descended on Father Andrea. One hope and one desire ruled his life, to wipe out from Greece the whole race of Turk?. To him, in nocent or gu:lty, mattered not ; they were of one (Continued on page 32.) accursed brood. But though the longing burned bke fire within him, he kept it in, choking it, as it were, with fresh fuel. He would n.»t risk a premature experiment for the sake of an earlier but incomplete revenge. He was willing to wait till all was ready, till the net was po drawn round them that escape waB impossible. And then, vengeance, in the name of God. MitsoB meanwhile had* induced a small charcoal fire to heat some water, and ho went to fetch the eggfl. He devoted some amount of anxious thought as to the number whi^h he bad better boil. His father usually ate two, the priest never ate more than one, and he himself invariably ate as many as he could possibly get. He looked at the banket of eggs thoughtfully. ' It is a hungry day,' he said to himself. ' TVihaps father might eat three and perhaps Father Andrea might eat two. Then I am allowed three. That makes eight.' Mitsos drew a sigh of satisfaction as he thus compounded with his conscience and his eyes be gan to smile, his mouth followed suit, and showed a row of very white teeth. ' It is such a pity that I am always hungry,' he said to himself ; ' but when Uncle Nicholas measures me he will see I have grown.' And putting the eight eggs into the pot, he ran oft' to pick the cherries. For the last year both Mitsos and his father had worked the little land he owned like common la bourers. Two years before/- Turkish Pasha, Ab dul Achmet by name, in passing through the country, had been struck by the wonderful beauty . of Nauplia, and bad built a houBe on the shore of the bay. The land belonged to Constantine, Mitsos's father, and the Turk had promised him a good price for it. At the same time he intimated that if he would not take a fair price for it he would get no price at all. The money, of course, was still owing, and on Constantine's old vine yard stood the house, now finished. Abdul Ach met, who was Governor of Tripoli, came here with his harem every year for the summer months ; and on warm evenings the women wers often seen in the garden looking over the seawall which separated it from the bay— a wall soms ten fett high — over which creepers sprawled and bloomed. Abdul himself was a fat, middle-agtd Turk, slow of movement and sparing of speech. In mind he wa6 Gallio-like, and his neglect to pay Constantine the money he owed him was as much due to negligence as the ineradicable instinct to avoid any payment at all. His harem were for the most part left to themselves, and allowed to : wander about the garden as they pleated. : Constantine had applied several times for pay ment, but his application probably never reached Abdul. He was a Greek of the upper peasant \- — - class, like his race, thrifty and industrious, but now, between the loss of his vineyard and the gradual increase of taxation, he found it difficult to do more. than live sparingly. He and Mitsos worked all the spring with the labourers in the harvest field, and, in the autumn, when they had finished making the wine from a half-acre of vines ' still left them, as labourers in the neighbouring vineyards. Constantiae felt the change in his position acutely. Instead of being a man with men under him, he was himself obliged to work for his bread, and what made it more bitter was that it was by gross injustice and by no fault of his own that he was thus reduced. Every year the taxation be came more and more heavy ; only six months before he had been obliged to sell his horse, for a new tax was levied on horses, and all that re mained wa6 an acre or two of ground, a pony, his house, and his boat. But of late he seemed to have taken up a patient, uncomplaining attitude which puzzled the discontented Greeks whom he ' met at the cafes. While others grumbled and cursed the Turkish soldiery beneath their breath, Constanline would sit with a quiet smile on his lips looking half -amused, half -indulgent. Only 'two nights before a neighbour had said to him paint blank : — ' You have suffered more than any of up. Why do you sit there smiling f Are things eo pros perous with you ? ' The question was evidently premeditated, for — the two or three men sitting round stopped talk ing, and waited for him to reply. ConBtantine knocked the ashes out of his chi bouk before replying. ' Things are not prosperous with me,' he said, ' but I am a man who can hold his tongue. This I may tell you, however, Nicholas comes here in three days.' r. 'And then?'. ' Nicholas will advise you to hold your tongue , too. He will certainly tell you that, and he may tell you something besides. I am going home. Good-night,' friends.' And now when Father Andrea was cursing the Turks in the name of God, though (Jonstantine 'crossed himself at that name, he watched him with the same smile. ? Then he said : — ? ' Father Andrea, forgive me for reminding you, but Nicholas does not like too much talk. He says that talking never mended a, matter. You know him — in' these things he is not a man of many words, save where it serves some pur pose.' The priest turned round. ' You are right and wrong,' he said. ' Ni cholas is a man of few words ; but I have made a vow that for every time the sun rises, and at every noonday and every sunset. I will curse the Turk in God's name.' Constantine smiled again. ' Well, here is Mitsos. Do not curse before the boy. Mitaop, is dinner ready ? ' Miteos wrinkled up his forehead till his eye brows nearly disappeared under his curly hair. *?' Yes, it is ready, but I can find one shoe only.' ' Well, look for it.' ' I nave looked for it,' said the boy, ' but I can't find it. And I ache for emptiness.' He raised his eyes appealingly to his father, but Constantiue was firm. . 'You must find it first,' he said. 'Come, father, let us -go in.' Father Andrea followed him, leaving Mitsos alone and disconsolate. CHAPTER II. An hour later, Mitsos, having found his shoe and eaten his dinner, was curled np in the shady corner of the verandah fast asleep. He had been out fishing most of the night before, and as the harvest wan over there was nothing to do except to water the vines when the sun was off the vine yard. He slept, as his father said, like a dog— that is to say, he curled himself up and fell into a light sleep, from which any noise would rouse him as soon as he shut his eyes. He was an enormous boy of the Greek country type, with black cui ly hair coming down onto his shoulders, straight black eyebrows, long black eyelashen, and black eyes. His nose was short and square-tipped, his mouth, the fine scornful mouth of his race. His hands and face were of that inimitable colour of which sun, wind, and rain alone know the secret — a particular ? soft, tawny brown shad ing off a little round the eyes and under the hair. As he slept with his head thrown back you could see the sharp line of his neck where the tanning ended and the white covered fikiu began. He had that wholesome outdoor look which is the birthright of men whose fathers and grandfathers have lived in the open air all their lives from sun rise to sunset, and who have followed the same course of life themselves. He had kicked off his shoes again, and his hands were cla«ped behind his head, and what would at once have character ised him to anyone who knew anything of the Greek peasant race was that his hands and feet were both spotlessly clean. He slept for a couple of hours, and was awoke by the sunlight creeping round the corner of the verandah and falling on his head. At first he rolled over again with his face to the wall, but in e few minutes, realising that it was no good to temporise, he got up and stretched himself lazily ami luxuriously, yawning the while. Then he went round to the stone fountain which stood at the back of the house, and plunged his head into the bright, cool water to finish the process of awakening, and, taking his spade, went off to the vineyard. The stream which passed through the garden ran along the edge of a little raised aqueduct ' banked up with earth to keep it to its course. It passed between small vineyards on each side down as far as the shore of the bay where it ran out, making for itself a 6mpll delta-shaped bank of soil. Each of the vines stood in a small depres sion in the ground, and Mitsos first cleared the water channels in the vineyard of all encum brances, so that when he let the water in it might flow to them. all. Having done this he went back to the stream and removed a foot or so of the bank, which he placed in the bed of the stream itself, stamping it down to keep it firm, so that the whole of the water was diverted into the vine yard. Standing as he did a few feet above the surface of the vines, he could see when the water had reached them all, and then letting his tem porary dam be carried down stream, he quickly dug a couple of spadefuls of earth to fill up the hole he had made in the bank. Then jumping down into the vineyard 'again he hoed away round the roots of the vines so that the water might \- sink well in close to them, for there had been no rain for weeks, and they had to be thoroughly watered. The sun was off the land, but it was still very hot, for the Sirocco had increased in violence and was sweeping over the fields like a hot breath from a furnace. Wherever there was any shelter for it the rich dark green of the vine leaves was pow dered over with the fine white dust driven up from the bare harvested fields. Mitsos stopped now and then to wipe the sweat off his forehead, but otherwise he worked hard and continuously, whistling or singing to himself. His work was nearly done when he saw his father coming towards him. He stood ior a moment on the edge of the bank, looking at what the boy had been doing. ' Poor old Mitsos,' he said, ' you have had to work alone to-day. I waB obliged to go into Nauplia. You have watered the vines very well. You have finished, have you not ?' ' There are three more vines here,' said Mitsoe, ' ' which I haven't dug yet. But it won't take long.' Hie father stepped down into the vineyard. ' You can go and sit down,' he said. ' I'll finich those.' Mitsos threw down his spade. ' Oh, how hot it is,' he said. ' Uncle Nicho las will be roasted coming acrose the plain.' ' He will want a bath,' said Constantiue. ' Do you remember his making a bath last year out of those spare planks ? I suppose it holds water still $'' ' I wish it didn't hold so much,' said Mitsos. ' It holds six cans.' Constantine laughed. ' And Mitsos's back will ache ?' ' I hope not ; but it is no joke carrying six cans of water from the fountain ' Constantine worked on for half an hour or so. ' There, that is finished,'' he said at last. ' You- won't go fishing to-night, will you f The wind is too strong.' ' It may go down at sunset,' said Mitsos, ' but there's enough fish for to-night and to morrow night if this hot weather doesn't turn it. But I put it in the cellar in water aud I expect it will keep.*' They walked back together, but as soon as they got on to the road they saw tliat three mules j were standing ^opposite the house. Constantine I quickened his pace. ' Nicholas must nave come,' he said. 'I can't think how he has got here so soon. Come, Mitsos.' The verandah was full of boxes and rugs, and the two went through into the house. A man was sitting on a low chair by the window cleaning his nails with immense care. As they came in he got up. ' Well, Constantine,' he said, ' how goes it ? I have just come. And MitsoS, Mitsos, you have grown. I will give you a hundred piastres when you are as tall as your father. 'It is the devil's own day, Conshantine, and I am full inside and out of this disgusting dust. May I have a bath at once ? Mitsos, we made a bath together. The mnleiuen will help you to fill it.' He laid his hand on Mitsos' shoulder. ' You look as fit as a mountain hawk,' he said. ' Get me plenty of water, and give me 10 minutes to get clean, and you must come and talk to me while I dress.' Mitsos left the room, and Constantino turned to his brother-in-law. ' Well f he asked. ' He is a fine boy,' said Nicholas, ' I must see if he can be trusted.' ' I would trust him with every penny I possess,' said his father eagerly. 'In the face of fear ?' Yanni laughed. ' He does not know what fear is.' ' That is a pity,' said Nicholas, ' for the bravest men have to learn that. No one can be brave until he is desperately afraid. However, we. shall see.' Nicholas finished cleaning his nails, and put his knife into his pouch. He was dressed like Constautirie, in Albanian costume, with a red em broidered jacket, a very ample fustanella, and white leggings tied with tasselled ends. He was tall and spare, and hi6 face seemed the face of a man of forty, who had lived very hard, or of a man of fifty who had lived very carefully. In reality he was nearly sixty. He was clean shaven, and very pale in complexion, like a ma.n who had never lived an outdoor life, but you might have been led to distrust snch a conclusion if you remarked the wonderful clearness and freshness of his skin. His eyes looked out deep from uuder a broad bar which crossed his forehead from temple to temple. They were large and dark grey in colour, and gathered additional depth from his black eyebrows. His nose was extremely finely cut, tending to aquiline, with thin curved nostrils, which seemed never still, and reminded one sometimes of the movement of the nostrils of some well-bred dog, searching out some faint trail of scent. His mouth was very thin-lipped, almost womanly in its delicate lines. His hair, still thick and growing low on his forehead, was just — but only just — touched with grey above the temples. His head was set very straight and up right on a rather long neck, supported on two well-drilled shoulders. In height he cannot have been less than six foot three, and his slightness of make made him aj-pear almost gigantic. ' I have travelled from Tripoli to-day,' he said, ' aud there i6 much to tell you. At last the Club of Patriots have put the Morea entirely into my hands. I have leave to use the funds as I think fit, and it is I who shall say the word for the vintage of the Turk to begin. Is there any one here that you can trust, or are they all mules and jackasses ? ' ' Mostly mules,' said Constantine. ' The mule is a useful animal,' remarked Nicholas, ' but one does not choose him for the initiative. He follows where he is led, but some one has to lead. By-the-wav, is there not a priest here — Father Andrea, I think ? I should like to see him. As far as I remember he talked too much.' ' He curses rhe Turk in the name of God three times a day,' said Constantine. ' An innocuous proceeding as far as the Turk is concerned, but not to be encouraged. He must learn to bless them instead, or, best of all, to do nothing. Well, Mitsos, is the bhih ready ? You will excuse me, Constantine, but I am acutely uncomfortable when I am dirty. vI am dirtynow. Come to my room in 10 minutes, Mitsos, and tell me about yourself.' ' May I ?' said Mitsos. ' Surely. By the way, Constantine. I have brought you some wine. Mitsos had better put it in the fountain ; it must be tepid. Tepid wine saps a man's 6elf-respect ; and if a man, or a boy either, doesn't respect himself, Mitsos, nobody will ever respect him.' MitsoH followed him out of the room with his eye, and then turned to his father. ' My hands are so dirty from that vinedig ging,' he whispered ; 'do you think Uncle Nicholas 6aw ?' ' He sees everything,' said hi6 father. ' Go and wash before you go up to his room.' ' To be continued.) 