, RECENT LITERATURE. ' In this ' incredulous age, it seema .a hopeless enterprise for. a novelist, to .write:;.avpiun>s of 300 pages, .upon the subject, of ghosts, in ths expectation that readers of fiction can be enter tained hy exploded hallucinations. Yet it must be conceded that Mrs Robert . Jocelyn. has pro duced a work, entitled ' 1 Lady Mary's Experi ences," published in Ball's Indian and Colonial Library, that is readable throughout. With considerable art she surrounds with a. mystery a house reputed to be haunted; 'and she puts the ghost traditions to a crucial test by placing in it a tenant, a spiritualistic medium,; who is accompanied by a female friend of strong nerve,' a disbeliever in the appearance of ghosts, also by trusty servants of the like mind, and with them' a savage dog, ready to attack and gnaw nn any unauthorised intruder. Yet, withal these perplexing inconveniences to a sham pretender; a real ghost appears, beautifully arrayed, carry ing around her chilling blast that stills the ferocious dog, and so frightens a lady with a revolver that Bhe cannot draw the trigger. _.The ghost then coolly draws out a bottle of. poison to exemplify, how sho despatched her sister. This fanciful story is so ingeniously constructed that it may while away an' idle hour by those who have a capacity for enjoying the mysteries, and whu still attach some belief in traditional stories. . ..Another of. the volumes, published in Bell's Tndian and Colonial Library is'fTheMartian,", by G. Du Maurier, the author of "Trilby," but while there are many, resemblances in tbe two works, sis respects the places, occupations,' and aims of tho characters, yet there are many alterations in the part taken by the leading personages. Instead of a Trilby, there is s man who, from his school days, exercised great in fluence over others. In holidays he is invited to the homes of his companions, amuses old and young by his somersaults,. songs, and feeble jokes, and in manhood bgcomes .. a general ; favourite not only among .his. fellows, but. ho is the admiration and love of . y omen,, who are ready to surrender ohastity 'Z and' fortune for him. At a time of extremity. 'he' is dominated by a. . disembodied spirit from. " Mars, .who mysteriously writes lettwrsof, advice 'for himas to the manner . how he is t o summon embarrass-; ments. Ho does not, however, always follow the counsel, of the lady who has come so far to superintend his behaviour. The last production of Du Maurier's does not equal its predecessor, in the individuality of characters, and' as much' of tho dialogue is in French, the genoral reader will be in'oliued to skip it rather" than trouble about its piquancy. : 