MAD FREAKS OF GIRLS. TnE love of notoriety is natural with most people, although not many ludie3 would euro to go to tho extent that a young Bristol lady did recently in order to get her name promi nently before her neighbours. One day a suddden mipulso prompted hor to cut her hair short (she bad exceptionally fine locks), and then to spread tho report that a man had sprung out from behind a hedgo one dark night, and clipped it off with a pair of scissors. The news of the ' outrage ' soon spread, and policemen, journalists, and neighbours at onco (locked to henr her story. Just as tho sensation was at its height sho confessod that sho hursolf had cut off the hair and that tho adventure she had so graphically described wns nothing but a tissue of falsehoods. It is hard to draw u liue between pluck and foolhardineus, but most people will admit that tho following belongs to tho latter class. Down at Wanstead a certain largo dotachod bousn has long obtained a reputation of being haunted, and consequently has remained empty for many years. It was just upon the point of being let when a labourer spread a rumour about the neiglibou' hood that lie had seen a ghost in the front room of tho houso ns ho wsh passing one ovuning. Superstitious people immedi ately shunned tho thoroughfare on tho borders of which the houso was situated, whilst the more bravo and inquisitive hung about outsido the houso waiting expectantly for the alleged 'ghoat'to make its appear ance. Just as tho clock struck tho hour of midnight, a tall figure, clothed ontirely In white, stood by the window with outstretched hand. The spectators wero spell-bound for n moment, and thon two or three mon volun teered to investigate. They broke into tho houso and found tho 'ghost' to bo nothing less than tho form of a school girl, Graco Hanti by nam o who had, for a foolish fronk, taken it into her head to renew tho ' ghost' scare, so provident u few yenrs previous. Tho school which sho attended adjoined tho gardon iu which the house Btood, and it was in this that sho gained entrance on two succes sive evenings. 