I A Woman's Stmly of Butler. - j A lady reporter 011 the staff ot the San 'Francisco Chronicle interviewed Butler in gaolj shortly after his arrest in San Francisco. We gi're some extracts from her story : — Here is a man who has passed a lifetime knock ing about the world. He is a combination of miuer aud sailor, .110 worse thau the lowest of the two types. Underneath the grime some fragments of education show, and although he looks equal to tho deeds the detectives are triumphantly plastering over him, I am not sure but that if he were well dressed, combed, aud washed he would be'as pre sentable as plenty of meu on the Tdocks, the street, even in the counting house, uone of whom commit murder because their eyes are out of drawing'or their noses irregular. If he were well dressed no doubt we'd all be cry ing ' Impossible ! But, garbed as he is, he fits his reputation. I had waited a bad quarter of an hour in the House of Smells while the star boarder of the prison bowed out his numerous callers. You would sup pose, tojsee the crowd, that fccding-time in a meu- -agerie had arrived, f Around Butler's cage the curious mass were straiuing their'necks, jostling, staggering on tiptoe, climbing up| by the shoulderB of others. Even the prisoners hereabout fight for place to sec the man of thejhour. My first glitnpse'oQiim is when, towed by Cap- ttiiu Robinson, 2,he crosses the cool, damp,Jstone- flagged corridor with a brisk, spriugy step, the artist and I following bis nimble lead to the prison kitchen. He claims to have . been a cavalryman, aud he walks like a soldier, looking neither to the right nor the left — a purposeful man, and one not easily swerved from his iuteutious. Iu the prison kite-lieu I am properly and formally presented. The interviewee offers me his hand, and, if I had uever heard of his nationality, I should kuow from that terrific grip that he was English. Later the Australian detectives causenie the same auguishJintriplicate.Never say that the hearty handclasp speaks the houest inau. It's purely a questiou of which laud cradled you. We sit at- opposite sides of a long deal table, scrubbed with scrupulous cleanliness. For seats there are white pine benches, like the forms of a backwoods school. Butler slides sinuously into his place, crossing iiis slippered and unstockiuged feet beneath the table. I sit opposite to him, separated by two feet from this man with the bloody past. . A couple of white-aproned cooks stand agape, and keep up a quite superfluous brushing of invisi ble crumbs withiu easy earshot. At the door Cap tain Robiusou paces sentinel-wise, and we are alone for our three-cornered tete-a-tete. For some reason the prisoner dislikes to uncover his head. Even in the steaming kitchen, redolent of soupy odors audjuiicomfortably warm, he clung to his ugly little hat. It is of the shape they call a dicer — a low, flat Derby, rusty with age, with a crown scarcely three inches high, and a low, flat brim— most unbecoming to Butler's low-set eye brows aud broad nose. Once I asked him to take off his hat, aud the tout ensemble of the face was much improved. I fail to see the youth that the reporters have noted so blithely in the man's face. He has a head which ruus somewhat to a point, shaped like a cocoanut, but well covered by a matted thatch of hair, combed but not parted. The hair is a bit time-worn and grizzled, as is his moustache, which he keeps care fully waxed and twisted, and is greying just enough to look bleached and faded. Its quality is coarse aud tough, aud refinement uever dwelt under a shock like that. The forehead is reasonably high, marred horizontally by two deep creases, the thick skin rising in folds between. The lines are so deep that they are as if laid in with charcoal, and as the man talks the heavy forehead wriukles up aud down and moves the chipper little hat. The nose is broad and red, swollen from rough weather. It is a hairy nose, standing out well from the plane of the face — a nose of determination. The eyebrows are grizzled and heavv, and behind them grey gimlet eyes, small as a ferret's, play at hide and seek with the woi Id. The pupils are so small and the iris so pale that you can scarcely tell when the owner is looking at you. He does glance at you sometimes, catching yon eff guard and trans fixing you with that sharp gaze. When you are looking his eyes are anywhere hut 011 yours, restless shifty, quick— looking above, below, beyond, and around you — but uever submitting those small, alert pupils to scrutiny. Yet the eyes fascinate you. They are like the little eyes of snakes fixing you in menaces. It was not imagination that at the roots of my hair a win try breath seemed to stir and chill. About those unpleasant little eyes are the crow's feet which laughter and deeds leave behind them. It is a face that might placidly smile with dreams of assassination. But the smiles are all in mockery and somewhere on the high seas Butler dropped the mirthfuluess he finds it impossible to muster now. Perhaps he never had it. If the man ever laughed aloud it would be a laugh of ridicule, ha tred, ferocity. As it is, the noise bubbles and gurgles in his throat, and the unpleasant lines make his face a guide book to infernal regions. Those lines never came from a life of well doing. They are in the wrong places, and the hook of his j face, wide open before you, reads wrong from cover to cover. ! Of his mouth I speak with reluctance. Like j many a better man, Butler uses a moustache to cover a multitude of sins. His hairy ornament is like a shoebrush, stiff, coarse, unmanageable, en couraged to hide the upper lip entirely. The under lip is heavy and hanging ; but the chin redeems it with a glimmering dimple, cleft in the bony structure. There are long deep lines athwart the month ; ears of the type that old wives call generous, and a jaw strongly defined ; a face conscienceless and cruel, with matter always ruling over mind. But between conversational fragments I could eatch no glimpse of the lust of killing. I cannot imagine those small, greedy eyes gloating over the ivory of a dead face for pure love of the deed. But I can see those hands methodically rifling the pockets of a corpse or unlocking the stiffening fin gers of a hand. With Butler murder is a traffic, a trade — killing a profession. It is the greed of gold that has been the undoing of him, He iB abnormal, not insane. Under that small, peaked sknll no conscience keeps the balance of power. It is not even murder as a fine art that he has engaged iD, but killing for what there was in it — £5 perhaps, or a speculation. Here are no fine-spun nerves to send haunting dreams. No faint cries at night, no echo of a sud den pistol shot in lonely Australian mountains come to disturb the fine physical poise of this brain. This man is no high-strung murderer of the play. He fpars neither God nor man, nor the halter nor the hereafter. Mammon is his God, aud in his way toward wealth he cut and slashed whatever barred the path. Once only did he appeal for sympathy or belief. ' Do I look like a man with a bad record ? he said, smilingly. I was glad that he followed it quickly with another question. He appreciates the comedies of his capture as keenly as the next man, for he has the saving grace of humor. He is keen enough to be circum spect ia criticising the meu who are to be his en forced travelling companions ; but he twinkles his small eyes and remembers how Detective M'Hattie, the Australian amateur, snatched off his false whis kers and pounced at the manacled prisoner like a Newfoundland dog, and how the same detective pranced up and down the deck, thankiug God fer vently for fifteen minutes running, when he should have thanked Captain Fraser. Or how Couroy had pistols even in his boots and vest pockets, while Sergeant Buuner snapped his pistol eight times at the tip of he 6ailor's nose. The prisoner is notns clever as he is credited, or he would not have sailed into a trap with all the damaging evidence upon him . But he is cooler and keener than liis captors, for all that. When the prisoner is excited, which is seldom, he relapses into the broadest of English. ' One feller shoved a gun in me faioe aud told mo to put me 'ands up,' he said ; ' and two other fellers- kept 'old of me 'ands and wouldn't.let me put 'em hup. Tbey won't let me 'ave me clo's lest I won't look as worse as I can. And they say as how I was eligiona on the ship. They're religious in the I- colonies, but lhat'a'all hypocrisy. Why,- it, I ..never thought of such a thing.' _ . At heart, the man lias all the vanity and ego tism of the dasss that kills. lie shows it in his speech and in his anxiety for his clothes ; and he looks proudly at his slim, trim hands, where he is etching out the tattoo marks with milk, and winch look as though they had done very little grnbbing in the earth or furling of sails. His past does not rise to trouble him ; he sees the future cloudless, and the present— well, he is very comfortable. He finds gaol life luxurious after the Swanliilda. ' I had no hidea I'd so many friends in 'Frisco, he remarked, ' I'm doing a very big trade in au tographs and cigars. I'm very fond of smoking. Does this smoke annoy you. He tries to handle his cigar like a gentleman, as though he knew the eti quette of tobacco, with crooked and quirked fiuger like a girl mincing with her teacup. The only sign that underneath all is not calm as on the surface is in the constant, quick puffing of those . long, black cigars. When autograph- searchers come to him he asks tliem whatuame they will have. ' Von see, I have so many aliases,' he says. Most of them your papers have given me, but I'll write any name you waiit.' He's fond ol autographing, and, left to himself, writes the name of the victim who proved his nemesis. 'L ee Weller,' 1 Lee Weller,' he writes over aud over, in a big, black, flowing character, the letters bent the wrong way, like his nature, and the chirograpay unmistakably English One would think the name would conjure un pleasant images of a bent figure huddled in a tunuel inthe far Australian bnsh, but these grey eyes never see ghosts. He is not cursed with second sight. They say I've lost flesh,' he said. ' Well, it's not remorse. I've lost about five pounds during the voyege from want of proper sleep. We' bad such a beastly rough trip that it's put the 'kibosh1 on my ever going to sea agaiu. Why last night you couldn't have woke me with a band of music.' Later he talked of Weller. Wouldn't a man be a fool to take that much money into the bush ? 1 tell yon (passionately) Weller had no money. Why I wouldn't shoot a man for five shillings.' But how about five pounds, Mr. Butlel? Then he had a laugh at men and methods here. Why, I'm great ; I'm famous,' he said. 'This morning a newspaper offered me 500 dollars or even 1000 dollars if I'd make a statement. But I don't want money.' ' Be sure to say I'm not afraid of getting hoff,' he flung at me from his cage, 