[?] Interviewing is comparatively a new art, and yet nlrondy the original methods have become old-fashioned, and out of diite in some quarters. It is generally con- sidered that in an interview a second per son is necessary, tluit is a person to be in terviewed, but this theory has been de molished, and a local paper has assisted materially in wrecking the accepted belief. Beally it is only necessary to have an inter viewer, pen, ink and paper, and imagination docs the rest. If the resulting "interviews" were labelled "Imaginary Interviews" the system would be quite legitimate, but when the opinions and sentiments expressed are traded: oil as those of the supposed inter viewee the offending paper is guilty of ob taining credit under false pretences. A recent "Argus" interview with Sir George Turner at Albany bears internal evidence of having been written at 1'ootscray by an in experienced scribe in the presence of a por trait of the Premier— and not a good por trait either. Possibly, as is claimed, the interview was written in a railway carriage in England, but, if so, I should say Sir George slept throughout the journey, and should, not be hold responsible for som- niloquous utterances. The colonial Premiers when in England received one invitation that afforded them a very great deal of amusement, although it was not accepted. The invitation was from a musical lady in Dublin, and is printed in full in a London weekly. The Dublin lady, having heard that the Premiers intended visiting Ireland, invited them to attend a musical evening, at which only Irish, music would be performed, and her note concluded with a politely expressed hope that the co lonials would attend "in their nntive cos tumes." Their native costumes. Of course this enlightened: woman, expected that Mr. George lteid would appear in a costume composed of a few bunches of grass, a brass ring' or two, and an oecasionul patch of pigment;' whilst 'Scddon, the Maorilnnder, would bo covered mainly with tattoo nnd feathers. This lends some color of truth- to the st'ory of- a Queensland squatter, returned from a European trip, who declared that ho often passed off his myall sen-ant Jncky aa an ex-Prime'Ministcr of Queensland. One man can be so ill spared by the free- trade party that a tender-hearted "perso" ig . moved— altogether apart from political con siderations — to shed a tear- or two over the distresses of that meagre body now Hurt Mr. Robert Harper can 110 longer be found in its ranks. One lniiii does not coimt for liiueli on the protectionist side, but when .your party consists of only you and the other fellow, and the other fellow steps oiit; the defection is one of magnitude, and weeping, and wailing, aud gnashing of teeth are justified to some extent. Air. AI hvi'iiy Smith can see nothing before him in poli ties but a lonely old age; not even in our wildest flights of imagination can' any of us conceive of him abandoning his free-trade fetish, or arising out of that poor minority in wliicli ''lie takes a melancholy pride. I suspect that his ghost will return to up- braid the editors, if, when lie has passed . hence, they nre so inconsiderate as to per mit it to I10 said that lie lias joined the ' great majority. "T am a moderate free-trader," says Air. R. Harper. A short time back a prominent native described tbe members of the A.X.A. as "moderately moral." It is usual to depre cate extremes, but Air. Harper is extreme in his moderation. What- is, a "moderate free trader"? Is the member like the Hodge, who thought lie was. moderate at table as long ns be did not cat more than lie wanted? How does Air. Harper. divide himself— like htrcphon in Iolantlie? Is lie a protectionist down lo liis waist ? His new made enemies in the Tory , corner insist that the heresy goes lower, as far. as the bottom of bis ' tfoiiser's pocket at least. Of course we . all know that no man dares to be n free-trader in -Victoria,' nnd the difference between a free-trader -and' a "moderate" is in tbe fact that tlie former would kill local industries ivitli a club, tbe latter with a wasting dis ease. Air. Thomas Bent is a mail not easily discouraged, and intends making another effort to get into llic Assembly at the next general election. Air. Bent's last at tempt was made in South Alelbouriie, anil the result was a knock down blow of suf ficient force to liave "submerged for ever in the dark waters of political oblivion any less buoyant person than tlie sclf-corifidcnt Thomas Bent. But this is 110 doubting Thomas; lie lias put 011 record liis emphatic opinion that he "cannot be kept out of I'nrliament." It. is not known to very many, but it is a fact, that a kind of revolution lias tid;cu place in the Australian telegraph offices since the 1st August— Hint is everywhere hut iu the golden West. The code of tele graph signals has been changed, and many operators have been going to bed with buil headaches because tliey liave hail to unlearn the lesson of a lifetime. So far the' new code lias made its way fairly well, but tbe . iiien have to work slowly and" cautiously. O11 Saturday last two managers met, and they were talking about the proficiency ' of their staffs. One knew something about Hie. work, and the other did not; know so much. "How do your men take to tlie new code?" said No. 1. "First class," said the other. "Tliey take lo it so well that tlie busier tlie lines get the easier they use it." This sounded suspicious to the trained 111 iu d, and lie looked into it. The races made the lines that afternoon very busy, so be thought lie would look, up No. 2's. office. "Come to see bow tlie new code wns going," lie explained to the officer in charge, wlio an swered, "Ye — cs," and looked uneasily to wards the race linos. Then lie said, "I was going to have a look at tliem myself; but 1 am afraid, for I noticed an hour or so ago every operator sit up to liis work, and stin t at a rattling pace." The visitor smiled and weiit out, and tlie public- business was dealt -.with rapidly; but bail lie visited the lilies .lie would have -found -the' race business l'ip- ! ping along 011 tbe old. code, which was wcl- . coined as an old old friend. The presence of Hie Rev. L. Isitt, some: -times irreverently spoken of as "The Great What lsitt," tlie champion of prohibition, reminds 111c of the sail experience of a Mr.oriland knight of the blue ribboiriii one of our small provincial towns. The cold water advocate, shortly after his arrival, was introduced to the town "drunk," the \- beer-soddened notoriety wlto for years had '.ornamented the fronts of the local pubs Willi \- his crapulous, person, and he lectured the biitiser so effectively that the latter gave . v.-':y to alcoholic tears, promptly swore off, took- the pledge, and premised to appear as a trophy at that evening's lecture. The lecture was a success .in its way, and when the speaker explained' the effect of his argu- incuts 011 the district's exhibition inebriate,' there was quite a show of enthusiasm. Then -the temperance mail called upon Air. Smart to show himself,, and testify as to the 'ehange wrought- in him; ami Mr. Smart appeared. A side door near the. platform was opened, and he staggered into the hall, helped by- a push from boliiud. The only alteration in the "drunk" was accounted for by the fact that lie was drunker than usual, and, after rolling about helplessly for a moment,. he collapsed in a heap at the lec- . tuner's feet, j He bad bceir nobbled by the enemy. Air. Pantoii, P.M., lias ruthlessly ex plained 'iiwa, v.: the btinyip, the one fabulous monster of any literary value possessed by -Australia. The l'.AI., who is an authority on most things, declares that the seals or :Eca leopards, similar to those recently cap- /ttired in the Bay, are responsible' for, the gbunyip myth.; These animals travel up '. rivers to a - considerable distance, and may /even . ; Jiavo.;- got. into lagoons where the /latter - communicated : with the running streams. They, were seen by .. the, aboriginals under . spell cir cumstances, . their;, barking was heard, and : so the monstrous bunyip.was originated anil \- perpetuated iu legends, and his awful cry was repeated ; iu every unusual sound heard ' in tho vicinity of'swnmps uud rivers. I- have met- dozens of bushmcn who liuve seen the bunyip, but never two whose.; descriptions tallied, niul I long ago came to the conclu sion that as far as the white man was con cerned the bunyip bad its origin in shanty ruin. ."Let those who make the battles be the only ones to light" is the sentiment of an old song. The Duel of Frinccs, over which the eablers waxed' so eloquent, proves/that the world hus 'advanced considerably towards the fulfilment of tlie desire expressed in the quoted line. Royal personages have a little 'difference that might liave led to a tiily war nt one time, anil are. compelled to fight it out between them "foot and point, anil eye opposed." Cevtninly one . of the royalties belongs to a dethroned dynasty, but Fate may work in. that direction in carrying out- tlie sentiment of the song. This prince never was in a position to. fight liis duels by proxy mid vindicate his honor. with the last drop of his friend's blood; -but think of the saving that would be effected if the powers took example by tlie Turin v. Orleans duel, and agreed, to settle' their quarrels in a. similar way, each sclecting-n champion, -the twu- being left to fight to a finish, anil wipe out 11 great internalioill complication -at the expense of a little court plaster 11111I a couple of medical fees. The Fence Society should take up this idea, and push it. The disinclination of man to lend liis bicycle is forcibly illustrated in the follow ing anecdote now printed for the first time. Spark meets Clark: "Good morning, Clark, old man; you arc the very party I was most anxious to see. To tell you the troth; Jim, I want yon to do me a favor— a very great favor." "Ye-es," says Clark dubiously. "Yes, but if you have any objection, old fellow, I want you to say so. Don't put yourself out just because it's'l." . "Fire away." "I hardly know how to put it. You're sure you'll say 110, now, if you can't conveniently do it?" By tliis time Clark is feeling dreadfully: nervous, anil stammers some uncompromising remark. "Well/- sa.vs Spark, "tlie fact is I'm in a hole, anil I want you to lend me £20." Clark grasps bis baud, immensely relieved. "Certainly, dear boy, certainly. Whew! liowyou scared 111c. I thought- you were going- to borrow my bicycle." ATTICUS. 