.The F e d e ral fouvention. T ub Federal Convention resumed debat* yesterday morning on the deadlock problems. O n Friday M r J , H» Symou (South Australia) , carried e motion id favor of successive dissolutions Then Mr W . J . Lyne (New South Wales) moved to superimpose a national referendum, whereupon Sir George Turner proposed an amendment for referendum as alternative to dissolution. A fter the Committee had reported progress on F riday afternoon the Convention empowered the Committee to reconsider the rescinding of tbe resolutions passed on the deadlock clause. M r E . Barton this morning suggested the rescinding of M r Bymon e resolution, beginning detioro. This suggestion fell S ir George Turner wished lo settle the m atter of deadlocks that day. Finance, he said, m ust be left over, and he o tinned to press his amendment for a.»- ferendutn as en alternative to dissolution. M rG . H . Beid said he did not object to empower the Governor to dissolve both or either House. Talk then tarned principally upon what M r Alfred Deakin punningly described s *' Symootaneous '* against " simul' aneoQt ** dissolution. M r McMillan contributed a sedative ddress, in which he opposed simulsneoas dissalntion, because he wanted o sustain in its integrity the bicameral ystem o f government He said ho anted a scheme in which the Govern­ the House, and spoke strongly against attempts being made to subject tbe Convention to wirepullers and political agitators. , He earnestly entreated the delegates not to heed any frothy ephemeral public feeling, bot frame the -Constitution in the light of individual conscience^—a constitution, which could stand th e shock! of time. I t wonld be better to leare the matter under discussion tentatively, if agreeable to the small 8tates, for ultimate consideration by the whole of Australia, rather than make any. further attempt to settle it in the present angry feeling of members. I t was said that if M r Symou'u re*elution was rescinded Federation would be wrecked, but he (Mr McM illan) believed that tbe people of New Douth, W ales would not make proportional representation a sine qua non He deprecated the attempt to destroy equal representation, and said it would have.been better for tbe small States to have taken proportionate representation w ithout checks to the Senate. Replying an interjection, he said M r Lyne waa an evolutionary stage—between the Devil and the deep sea. M r McMillan addod th a t finality respeotiog deadlocks waa impossible without aestroyingFederatiou. (C heers) I t would be impossible to separate State and National interest*, and they should not attempt to make the '"'’cusc of Representatives omnipotent. M r Deakin, who asid be thought they were unduly dwelling upon an abnormal and infrequent adjunct of Federation, replied to objections raised against concurrent dissolution, pointing out that the difficulty as to the unequal political development of tbe colonies was vanishing. H e said Sir George Turne** was w illing to delay operations of the dissolution clause until twelve months after tb e passing of the Bill. 'M r Reid : Ic would so t w ast a special iacabator to revive it.] M r Deakin thought if the em ail States had exhibited at Adelaide th e same spirit of compromise as they* h ad shown here the public feeling would, n o t have been so dangerously roused. 'The most magnanimous federal speech y e t made was that by Sir J . W . Downer :in accepting the referendum, which he •detested. The growth of federal spirit in ttbis Convention had exceeded belief. M r Symon contended that the pro* ’vision eloquently advocated by M r D eakin was embodied in his proposal, which had a moderating influence ou popular passi-m. He acknowledged the magnanim ity of the larger 8tates, and complimented M r McMillan courageous speech, but pointed out to M r D eakin th a t because tbe Senate had been ■horn of equal power bis argument failed. T he increasing demands of tbe large States resembled the cry of the horseleech, “ Givel Give!" Whatever might be the result of toeir. deliberations, tbe delegates should loyally support the constitution. M r R eid m ade a long speech, reiterating his previous generalities. H e said he was very pleased at M r Symon's moderation, and characterised a duel referendum as a monstrosity. [M r I. a . Isaacs: I t is working well in Switzerland upon general Federal legislation.] M r Reid said he regarded a mass referendum as the only finality, b ut suggested a joint sitting of the two HouieB &b; an alternative. Sir J . W . Downer supported M r Symon's proposal, h o t regretted that M r ftymon h ad not apposed all deadlock (schemes. Sir John. Forrest, who said be considered they were nff the track in re-opening the question,' reiterated bis objections to proposed deadlock remedies. Rr J.B, ,<J hers.recommended a 0, copies cf which he had. circulate •ovidiog after, checks, forsimu7tadfp]B^| bolutum, subsequently a soint sitting o r a BrHousss w ith 'tw o - thirds m ajority, A ^ \y a single Teferendam. H e also % ii» provision fo t-o fourth'minofitjy of a legislative Conferdemanding: a"Yefeiendum. M r Csrrothers iteted that he preferred a movement fa iis g on distinct oleavage than sucoeedud by unsatisfactory compromise. /H&jslrenoonsly; opposed azlusl referendum/' ‘ ^ M r Isaacs offered Victorian opposition to joint sittings wbieb, he said, would mean extinction dfXhe two to one qaota, and woula?cohfe|MM&e; Senate control, of finance. J v i r a v ’* - - M r J . XL Gomotf said it was evident that New South Wales would cot agree to a dual referendum, and had parted moorings to find refuge from the storm in M r Oarrathers! proposal for join t sittings, but with;dissolution only of the House of Representatives. H e refused to alter bis proposal as to quota. M r 0. 0 . Kingston repeated his views for the rule of [the majority on national questions. A very great deal m ight he said for regarding the tariff as a State question.. lie would give a majority of representatives of any three small States the power ‘ to demand a dual referendum. M r W ise and Sir George T urner said they saw in M r Kingston*# idea tbe germ of a eolation of the difficalty. M r O'Connor a tid he did not think a stogie referendum wou\d be accepted even in New South W ales. M r O’Connor continued the debate to-night in the presence of .crowded galleries. H e ssid be was favorably impressed wiib M r Kingston's'proposal, though be regarded M r C m u th era' suggestions as embodyiay more finality. He would’as a concession fo tbe Victorians, permit the- Federal Parliam ent to alter the quota M r Gordon; If you make th e quota a shifting quantity the whole thing is a sham. M r Higgins observed that there was an airof unreality about the debate. He referred to the dissolving views of the delegates He blamed Sir George Turner for not fighting for a national referendum. Sir George Turner retorted th at he never had a shadow or ghost of a chance. M r H older raised a mild storm by labelling M r Symon's supporters as Conservatives. M r Kingston's eobeme, he aaid, would be tbe better liked tbe more it was thought of, but why settle the m atter now P M r Barton said the Convention reqaired an adjournment, but he repudiated the idea of playing in the meantime at federation. He argued for adoption of M r Carruthers* proposal as the simplest and cheapest ** safety valve,'* but be adhered to the quota principle. Mr F. M.’Glynn (South Australia) regretted th at some of his colleagues had refused the, Victorian olive branch. . M r Lyne vehemently opposed proosals for equal representation, and conemned S ir George Turner*s vacilliation s the cause of trouble. H e asked for urther time for consideration. I f the ueensland representatives elected one lectorate tlijwwould favor proportional epresentation,* and if by districts they would favor vice versa. The Committee divided on M r W ise's amendment for concurrent dissolution alternate to M r Symon's proposal, and it was carried by 26 to 20. The minority was thus composed Bir J . Leo Sterre, Mr H. W . Venn, Sir John Forrest, Messrs H. F. H . Crowder, and A. IT. Henning (West Australia), M r H. liobson (Tasmania), Mr Howe (South Australia), Mr W , M cMillan (New- South Wales), Mr Fraser (Victoria), M r Leake f W est Australia!, M r Symon, Sir J . W , Downer (South Australia), Messrs Uenry, Moore, Grant, and Brown (Tasmania I, Messrs W. H. Jam es and Briggs (W est Australia), Mr Adye Douglas (Tasmania), Sir W . A. Zeal (Victoria). Tbe absentees were Sir S . B raddon (Tasmania), Messrs A. Y . H assell (West Australia), abd W. A. Trenwitb (Victoria). The national referendum was rejected by 36 to 10. The minority w ere:—M essrs Lyne, O’Connor, Carruthers, Brunker, McMillan, Reid (New South Wales), James (W att Australia), Holder (South Australis), Berry and Deskin (Victoria). The proposed duti referendum v u negatived by 27 to 18. The miooriiy w ere:—Sir George Turner, Messrs Deakin and Isaaos (Victoria), W alker (New South Wales), Fysh and Clarke (Tasmania), Peacock (Victoria), Abbott (New Booth Wales), Brown (Tasmania), Glynn, Kingston (South Australia), James (W est Australia), H older (South Australia). Berry (Victoria), Goclcbura Solomon, Howe (South Australia), Quick (Victoria). Decision on M r Osrrathera* proposal is likely to be carried, but stands postponed till to- morrow. Sir George Turner leaves Sydney tomorrow night. 7 he ConTcniion adjourned at 11.40. The Government subsequently entertained the delegates and friends at sapper: Mr Bat ton expects (he Convention will rise on Friday. 