CHAPTER XV. Header, appreciating your anxiety to know the fate Mrs. Edmiston, we devote this chapter to a retrospective glance in that direction. Tho fresh westerly broo/.o winch filled the sails of the Prescott, when she stood out of Boston Harbor, on the. night when the unhappy lady was abducted, was 'but. the" priming to the load which was to follow it. She passed Cape Ann Light with her top gallant sails set, but ero long hor bonding spars creaked tho sailor’s warning, and sail after sail was taken in or reduced by reefs, so that (ho next morning's light found her scudding under her close-rccfcd topsails, bounding over the foaming waves like a foar-chascd thing of real life; neither land nor sail in sight; naught but rushing clouds above; naught but foaming water below ; naught but tho wild, moaning winds around. Oh ! it is a grand sight to see a ship's vast hull cleave through tho foamy surges; now plupging into tho cavern-like hollows of tho'rnighty rollers, then stand ing on their crests, like a lone troo on a hill-top. Ay, it is grand, yet ’tia fearful! On, before the heavy western gale sped tho Prescott, on like a bird that flioth to wards its nest. Her ofilcers and crow were fearless, for the sea was regular, their masts and tackling woll-riggcd and fltlorl, thoir ship in order, they did not dream that danger was near them. On t hrough tho fimt day, swiftly but safely dashed tho noble ship. And then when night came on, tho wind began to lull a little, but this and tho general appearance of tho weather indicated not tho end of the storm, but a shift in’tho direction of tho wind. Tho son rolled very high, yet as long as it and tho wind rolled from the westward, the ship could keep hor course and every hour gave hor a , bettor oiling. Midnight came on, and with it a dead calm. There was something awful in the sudden cessa tion of tho wind, and the dense darkness that accompanied it. Tho sea ran on as high and wild as before, but the foam molted away as tho wind wont down, like snow before a summer’s sun. All now r , above and below, was dark, fearfully dark, and ominously quiet. For some moments the ship lay.heaving upon tho seas, her roofed sails flapping against tho masts, not oven having steer age way upon her. Captain Bowline had stationed all hands at the braces, ready to trim tho yards when tho wind again struck the ship, and was now standing beside tho helmsman, watching with deep anxiety for tHA first gust of wind which might come,, for ho know that to bo struck aback in a .sea so heavy would bo fearfully dahgorous. Still a few moments more and no sign of the direction from whence it would come, though all know (ho awful oalra would soon be broken. Suddenly, us if up from the bosom of tho heaving ocean, onrao a long, doop, un earthly moan; it swept across tho.wators and , through the, thick air like tho voice of some living monster in agony. When Bowline hoard it, ho cast one anxious glance around tho horizon to soo whence it carao, but it had seemed to J3U tho wholo air ; ho know not yet which way to brace his yards to moot the dread ful gale which ho now know would soon break upon him. Again came that fear ful storm groan, and tho air scorned to tremble out an answoivto it. Ned Brace, tho chief mate, stood by the captain’s side, and when for tho third time that deep, thrilling sound crept through the air and over the dark.heaving waters, the face of tho hold seaman turned pale as tho canvas which flapped above his head. “ Oap’n Bowline, ” said he, “ I never heard that but onco before, and then ” “To the braces!. Bear a hand, men! Clear away,larboard, haul in to.starboard !” shouted Bowline, interrupting the yarn his mate was about to spin. It was time indeed to brace in, for while that last fear ful sound was rolling off along the distant 'Waters* the whole range of clouds in the north-east was lit up with one, rod, ragged flash of lightning; then came a .peal as if the very magazines of thunder had blown up. Down toward the ship like a moving mountain of cloud* foam, and spray swept , the storm, bearing down full upon the lar board bow. “ Stand by the billiards and sheets ! let go all! It’ll sweep the sticks out of her, if there is a thread of sail sot!” again shouted Bowline, as ho saw with what fearful force and violence the wind came from that quarter. ~ But ere the order was passed from his lip{s, the gale was upon them. The ship received the tornado upon her bow, and as it struck her closed-reefed topsails, she seemed .to press down into the water tolooward, as if the weight of a mountain was settling upon her; down, down, she careened—her masts bent like reeds in a hurricane, her lee yards wore down to the water’s edge, she moved not a foot ahead, she seemed- to bo slowly descending into the dark abyss of the ocean,'while that awful gale roared over her trembling hull and thoroughly strained masts. “Cut away sheets and billiards, and stand by to clear her of her top-hamper!” shouted Bowline through his trumpet. But little chance was there of a human voice being heard in -such a gale, which now saved all trouble of cutting away, for the bonding spars, and strained canvas, unable to bear the fearful weight of the gale, snapped and burst from all fastenings, and iu a moment more, the ship was stripped of spars, canvas, and all. Nothing but her lower masts wore loft standing. And as eased from this load she righted a little, her bows veered off before the wind, and with the wreck of her yards and flying strips of torn sails clanging about in the gale, she dashed off before the wind. The sea, now crossed by the gale, pitched and jumped in fearful waves, one crossed the other, now boarding one side and then on the other. All hands were at work clearing the wreck of spars away, at one moment half buried in the foam and spray as the ship plunged into the water, the next lifted high on the very peak of black surges. Captain Bowline stood clinging to the raizzen rigging, from time to time giving orders to the helmsman with his trumpet, as ho saw the seas sweep down upon the strained vessel. At this terrible moment, when the vessel seemed as if she would split asunder, when there seemed no hope of safety even to the bravo seamen, Bow line saw the red- haired stranger creep on dock, terror written in his pale face. Trembling, he crept across the deck till he reached the rigging where the bravo captain had fixed himself. There, pale and shuddering, he clung like a base help less craven, as he looked. “ Why do you leave your poor sister at a time like this, sir?” asked the captain angrily. “Is there—much—danger ?” asked the wretch, half choked with his terror. “ Why don’t you stay below and take care of your, sister, I say Wo want no land-lubbers up here in the way !” again shouted the captain. J “ Oh, captain—save mo—I’m not. fib to j die!” moaned the wretch, as if his life was in the hands of nfare men. At the same' instant, even above the roar of the gale, oven above the dash of the, sea, came the sound of a piercing shriek came from the cabin. Then even paler turned the villian’s face and half unconsciously he muttered, “Oh Lord, I’m lost! She has got the muffler off from her mouth.” At the same instant the negro cabin steward, who had for the last five years sailed in the ship, rushed up from below, and while the white of his big eyes rolled to and fro in fear* ho shouted to the oap .tain : “ Oh, mnssa cap’n ! Oh, raassa Cap’n Bowline, dore’s a ghostess down below! I’ve seen her scream ; an’ I’ve beam her face, and it’s jist all the same as Missy Edmislon !” “ Curses on your bead, you black scoundrel!” shouted the red-haired stranger. “It is not her—l never ” and as ho sprang from the rigging toward the, negro, the villian slipped and fell upon the deck. At the same moment a sea swept on board for an instant drenching him and com pletely hiding him from view, ns it dashed him against the inside of tho opposite bul warks. When he again arose, there was indeed a transmogrification in his appear ance. IXis head, which a moment before was covered with long, red, busby hair, was now bare as tho deck below him, his chin and face, which had boon covered with a shaggy pair of whiskers, was smooth and beardless. Tho sea or bis fall bad broken the fastenings of bis wig and false beard,-and bo now stood uncovered in his villiany. “ Blast my eyes, if there ain’t something wrong goin’ on bore. You said you saw a ghost down below that looked just like Mrs. Edmiston, Jake?” “ Yes, massa cap’n, I did see a ghostess, and I hear urn holler, an’ ’twas jist all tho same as Missy Edmiston !” 