THE STOEYTELLEB The Miller of Rose dale. By John Coleman (Author of ' Curly,' &c.;) vn. MARRIAGE. The will was read on the day of the funeral. Divested of legal formula, it amounted to this. The sum of ten thousand pounds was invested in the Three per Cents, for the benefit of the poor at Oalcdale for ever and ever. Five thousand pounds was left to the V'car. Five hundred pounds each to Frank Qarritch and Dr Simpson. The residue of the estate, real and personal, was to be investei in Government securities, the inte rest upon which was to be settled upon Mary for her lifetime. At her death it was to descend to her children in equal proportions ; failing issue, it was to be transferred to the County Hospital. Frank Quarritch was appointed sole residuary legatee and joint-pxecutor with Dr. Simp.-on. Astonished as Oakdale and Apple Valley, and the county round were, they were not more as tonished than Mary was at the miller's munifi cent bequest. Ab for Jack, he was delighted. He had fallen in love with a penniless girl, and now she was rich — ' rich beyond the dreams of avarice.' ' Truly,' said lie, when he spoke to his mother on the Bubjeot, ' truly, mum, virtue is its own re ward. I was going to marry Molly without a mag, an now she's all over money.' Before him he saw visions of unlimited wealth, during which he could eat of the fat and drink of the sweet — wealth which would enable him to imbibe the rarest wines and lie on his back and smoke the choicest Havannas all day long. More punctilious men might have felt some diffidence on the subject, but the gallant sailor's views of iiteiiin and teuni were a little mixed. Quoth Jack, ' What's my wifa's is mine, and what's mine is my own.' He didn't waste much time in coming to cues, ? and he speedily reminded Mary of their engage ment. To his astonisment, he did not find her particularly eager to carry out the contract. The truth was, the shadow Gf the dead man arose 'twixt her and her living lover. It seemed little short of profanation to think of marriage while Bernard Lupton was not as yet cold in his grive — while his last words were vibrating in her ears — while his kisses were still burning on her lips. Then the recollection of past kindness— looks, words, tones — a, thousand things she had not dreamed of, at the moment — came back upon her, and stirred the pulses of her heart with soft and tender regrets. Perchance eelf-upbraidings and reproachcs mingled with these sad memories ; perchance, too, she though that had she not said him nay upon that fatal night he had not gone forth into the storm, and so his life might have been spared. Howsoever that might be, when Jack urge I her to name the day for their marriage she made ans wer, ' There was time enough for that when she had passed the customary period of mourning for her benefactor.' Her future husband retired invoking blessings on h9r benefactor's memory. At liis request, his mother urged Mary to take up her abode permanently at the Vicarage ; but she declined the invitation, and, indeed, her visits became few and far between. This accentuated the coldness which had sprung up between her and the female members of the Lonsdale family. Both mother and daughter considered them selves aggrieved by the conditions of the miller's will. On the other hand, possibly Mary thought that things might have turned out differently had she not, been misled by Penelope Anne. Besides, were Mary to stay at .the Vicarage, she would be daily and hourly in the society of J ack, and 6he had quite enough already of that gallant youth. He was no fool, whatever else he was ; and he socn realised that her demeanour was changed to him, and that it was just possible he might lose her after all. He therefore became steady and industrious, forebore to flirt with the village wenches, went to church twice daily on the Sabbath, assisted at tho Sunday school, helped iu the garden, smoked and drank less than usual, although he still did enough and to spare in that direction. Then he took care to give himBelf no airs, and merely posed as a modest, manly, ingenuous, and sympathetic fellow. He was not too pressing in his attentions, but still quite pressing enough. For all that, and despite the fact that Mrs. Lonsdale was always dilating on his good quali ties, he did not seem to get much nearer to the object upon which he had set his heart. Although she had already succeeded to her in heritance, Mary persisted in still fulfilling her duties at the school. It was an occupation, and took her a little out of ber own sad thoughts. She saw little of the Lonsdnles,and she saw less of Quarritch ; although, when she took certain con stitutional rambles, accompanied by Jack aud poor old Pat (who had declared on to ber after his master's death), she sometimes encountered Frank. Beyond a brief ' Good morrow,' a curt ' How d'ye do r ' or ' I hope you are quile well,' he rarely ever spoke. Perchance, had he known the mental process through which she was then pass ing, he might have been more communicative ; but he could not understand the glamour which bound her, as he thought, to the sailor ; and his pride, which was strong as hi6 love, fettered his tongue. As thus they became move and more estranged, 6he drifted slowly but surely to her doom. Meanwhile she had still one friend aud comfor ter who never failed her — poor old Pat. He was never the same dog after his master's death, aud he was getting old and gradually breaking. For hours he would sit at her feet or lie in her lap, in the little room sacred to the memory of the dead man. Here was the chair in which he was wont to sit, there the edition of Shakespeare he gave her ; on the sideboard stood the little tea-caddy he had brought from Carlisle, and yonder, in the cup board, was the service of china he had brought her from Stoke-upon -Trent. Thus passed away her year of mourning. Then Jack importuned her to fix the dajr for their marriage. She now pleaded ill-health. Her health was well enough ; it was her mind that was diseased. She could think only of the (ouch of a vanished hand, And tho .-oimd of a voice that was still. She realised as she had never done before that from the first the manliness, the tenderness, and truth of Bernard Lupton had strongly im pressed her, and that it was only when she had arrived at the conclusion that he was positively bound over to another that she had permitted her self to thiuk of Jack. At length one day when the latter had been more than usually importunate, she made answer, 'I doubt whether I shall ever make you happy, Jack.' ' No fear,' he replied, ' with you for my wife, I shall be the happiest fellow in the world.' She dared not open her heart to him. She dared not show him that it contained a secret re cess sacred to the memory of another. ' I wish you would ask papa to come and see nie to-morrow,' she 6aid at last. That night she spent in tears and prayers, and when the Vicar came she bur-it out, 'Papa — I must call you so, for you are the only father I have ever known- -I do not love your son as a wife should love her husbaud.' ' Good Heavens, child ! ' ' Listen and let me speak ! I think from the moment we first met I loved Bernard Lupton.' ' Bernard Lupton ! ' echoed the Vicar, in amazement ; ' why the man was old enough to be your father ! ' ' Love takes no count of that, but Penelope told me that he loved her, and I believed her, so when Jack came — I ? . But that is not what I want to say. Ask him to share half iny fortune, let him give me my freedom, and tako back his own.' ' Impost-ible ! ' replied the Vicar, ' what ever his faults may be, my son is a man of honour, and he could no more make such a shameful com pact than I could sanction it. This is but the vision of a morbid fancy, conjured up by loneli ness and hypochondria. The boy loves, adores you, and his first desire will* be to deserve your confidence. In the happiness of your wedded life all this nonsense will be forgotten, and will vanish like au idle dream.' After that there was nothing more to be said, so the marriage was fixed for a month from that day. When the Vicar called on Frank Quarritch to acquaint him with the news, he merely coldly re plied that the marriage settlement should be pre pared in accordance with Bernard Lupton's will. Usually the parson was invited to step into the house next door to discuss a bottle of Madeira. On this occasion, to his astonishment, Frank ex cused himself on the ground of pressing business, and for the first time in their lives they parted with a curt ' Good morning.' ' What in the name of fate is the matter with the boy ? ' thought the Vicar. He would have been somewhat enlightened on the subject if he had popped into Woodbine Cot tage that night, It was about 7 o'clock when Mary's little maid announced the advent of Frank Quarritch. He didn't mean to be disagreeable, but, in spite of himself, his voice and his demeanour were about as objectionable as they could be without being positively offensive. Wounded pride and self-love, combined with a perfectly conscientious belief that the girl was rushing headlong to her ruin, and that her pro posed husband was quite unsuited to her, that apart from being far below her intellectual stand ard he was utterly unworthy of her, added a sting to every word Frank uttered. Had the issue not been so great, had her happi ness and his own not been at stake, Le would have been placidly polite and persuasively eloquent, but his hoart was too full to permit him pick his words, hence, without ceremony, he plunged into the object of his visit. ' The Vicar called on me this morning,' he be gan, abruptly. ' Yes.' ' Then you hare decided upon making this plunge in the dark ? '' ' Yes.' ' I don't speak for myself, but for you. I pro promised Bernard liupton on his deathbed that if you ever needed a friend you might rely on me. I am here in fulfilment of that promise. It can not be that yon are about to bind yourself indis solubly to this creature with a head of wood and a heart of stone ? ' Being a woman, of course Mary naturally es poused the cauEe of the man whom she had per [Continued on page 831.) She recoiled instinctively, throwing her cloak over the child. After a moment's irresolution she sei her teeth. ' Anything— even death itself-were better than this moral degradation-this death in life she hissed through her clenched tfeth.— Chapter VIII. eistently refused aud snubbed for the past twelve months. ' You are speukiug of my future husband, sir ! ' f-lie replied, witli dignity. 'I know it! Heaven grant me patience, I know it ! But are you so blind and so besotted as not to perceive that the fellow has nothing but hi? brawny carcase and a head of hair to recom mend him to you — that he marries you only for your money f ' ' That is neither true nor just. Mr. Lonsdale proposed to inc when I was penniless.' Then, she continued, with asperity, ?' He may not have your standard of culture, but at least he does not traduce his friends.' ' I am no friend of his.' ' So it appears.' ' But I am yours.' ' My husband's enemy can never be my friend.' ' Never is a long time, and I only trust that you may never need my help. Only remember when the time comes I shall be your friend then, as I am now and always. God help you and pro tect you ; be sure you will need both help and protection ere long.' A pall fell upon her heart as he left her. She sat for hours in the gloaming, brooding on his words till they seemed prophetic. Pat crawled up to her feet and lay there. Her thoughts went back to the night on the Wold. She began to ask herself why it was that in the first instance she felt unable to respond to Frank's advances. Her heart told her now, and had told her long, that he was the mau of men to make a woman's life happy, if she could only love him. If she could only love him — ah, that wa9 the rub. A woman loving such a man as he deserved ia bo loved. What a caioer might open to both ! No more Darby-and-Joau philandering, no sinking into sclfieli sloth — ' to suckle fools and chronicle small beer ; ' he a patriot and a legis lator, she helping and advising him for the common good . What an alluiing prospect! What a noble future Aud she had thrown it all over — for what ? For 6ix feet of brawn, a handsome face, and a head of hair ! Was it too late r Was it *r The room had grown darker and darker. The gloaming had melted into the mirk. Pat rose feebly and licked her face , then he lay down again quietly at her feet. As she still sat aud pondered, and wondered whether it was too late to draw back, the little maid came in with the lamp. Presently she called upon Pat to come and have his supper. He didn't stir. ' He's asleep,' said the maid.' And bo he was. He slept soundly — bo soundly that he never woke again. Poor old Pat ! Frank adhered strictly to the letter of his in structions in the preparation of the settlement. The marriage was of course to take place at Oakdale Church. Penelope Anne and the other girls were to be the bridesmaids, and Jack callcd upon Frank and graciously invited him to be his best man. Quarritch was only human, and for a moment \- lie blood of bis fighting forebears set his heart aflame. For a moment he felt disposed to jump on his successful rival ; but he controlled his tem per, and coldly declined the honour, on the ground of being called to town on important business. His brother Dick, however, took his place. Dick was by this time a fine strapping young fel low, not particularly clever, but good-looking and broad-chested. Penelope Anue thought him all too lovely. Tbe wedding was a picturesque affair. All Oak dale turned out to wituess it. The old chinch was decked with flowers ; the Vicar himself pro nounced the nuptial Benediction. Jack was radiant, and, it must be admitted, made a handsome and stalwart young bridegroom, while Mary endeavoured to be contented ; though, it is to be feared, she only succeeded in making herself resigned. She, however, left the altar with a heart reso lute to fulfil her new duties, and, if possible, to make her husband's life happy. As the bridal party left the church the bells rang out lustily, the villagers cheered, the school girls strewed their path with flowrs, the sun shone brightly, when lo ! without a moment's warning, the sky lowered; the day became overcast, and down came a storm which never ceased till night fall. The bride's heart sank within her at the mi canny omen. After the wedding there was much drinking of toasts, to which the bridegroom responded fo heartily that he became a little maudlin. Mary watched and wondered till it was time to prepare for the journey. She put on her travelling dress, as if she were wandering in a dream. Instead of helping the bride with her toilette Penelope Anne was helping herself to a husband. She got Dick into a corner to play cafe-cradle. Poor Dick ! At length, amidst a shower of rain, of rice, and old slippers, the wedded pair went forth ou the unknown sea before them. VIII. SEPARATION. Jui:k was on his best behaviour during the wedding trip. Ho had cheeiy, pleasant ways, and, only let him have his pipe and his pot, one might get on well enough with him ; but Mary did not like pipes or potB, and thus commenced a point of divergence. At first the line of demarcation was a slight one, but it gradually widened. At last the honeymoon was over, and they returned to Oakdale. For ihe first few weeks they stayed at the Vicarage, but Jack and his father did not get on very Well together, and Mary found herself one too many, although Mrs. Lonsdale tried to throw oil on the waters. At length it wan necessary to go into house keeping. Mary would have preferred to return to Wood bine Cottage ; but the new schoolmistress was already in possession. The Grange was to let — in consequence of the death of Squire Vincent — and, without saying with your leave or by your leave, Jack took it, and installed himself and his wife there in grand Btate. From the first he bad taken command of the purse-strings, wrote cheques, and did what he liked with the money, Fortunately, however, he could only use the interest, for Quarritch had taken care that the principal could not be touched or tampered with. For the rest, he was coldly distant — merely contending himself with a cere monious bow to Mary, while, as for Jack, he scarcely deigned to notice his existence. Rumours of a dissolution of tarliament were in the air, and of the general election which was to follow, and' Frank threw himself heart and soul into the impending fray. He was a champion of the popular cause, and wherever a Liber il meeting took place within a radius of forty miles, there was Frank Quarritch to the fore. He marshalled his facts with accuracy and perspicacity, had a voice like a trumpet, and was a born orator. His speeches found their way from the Oakdale Gazette and the Apple Valley Courier to the columns of the Jupiter. One day the Thunderer devoted a scathing leader to the ' Rabid demagogue of Oakdale ' — and from that time Frank was a ' coming man.' Already the Parliamentary agents of the popular party had spotted him as one who was destined to hoist the standard of retrenchment and reform. All this, and more, Mary noticed as she read the papei-s daily after dinner, while Jack, overtaken willi wine or more potent stimulants, after his constant custom, fell asleep and snored lustily ; or, failing this, adjourned to his old cronies at the Tambormere Arms. Alas ! it is to be feared, when she compared the two men, the contrast was not altogether to the advantage of her husband. As for him, he had secured the prize he coveted. Concealment being no longer necessary, he threw off the mask and relapsed into tho old Adam indeed. He drank more, smoked more, and gorged more than ever. Even the very event which ought to have bound them more closely actually accelerated the rupture. A child was born to them. The boy was named Bernard, iu accordance with Lupton's dying request. Not without a battle royal, though. Up to this time Jack had it -ill his own way ; in this one instance Mary had hers. The Vicar stood by her manfully, and he it was who, at the baptismal font gave his grand son the name of his mother's benefactor. There was a dreadful row that night, during which, inflamed with drink and devilry, Jack poured forth shameful innuendoB upon his innocent wife, iu connection with the dead man. She resented these infamous insinuations in words of fire and flame. Maddened by her reproaches, her loving husband rained ruffian blows upon her, aud left her bruised and bleeding and senseless ou the ground, while he reeled off to his drunken associates. How long she lay there she never knew. When she awoke, cold and shivering and trembling with pain, the fire was nearly out, but the lamp upon the table burned brightly enough. At first she thought she had merely passed through some more than usually horrid dream ; but her hands were stained with blood ; her templeB were throbbing as though her head were about to burst; her face smarted with agonising pain. It was no dream, then— the horrid feality was borne back to her iu a moment. Struggling to her feet, she caught sight of the reflection of her distorted features in the mirror opposite. . Strange to say, the knowledge that she had been dishonoured by unmanly violence scarcely occurred to her. She felt no anger, no resentment— nothing but scorn, disdain, aud a certain feeling of thankfulness that by his own hand and deed the brute bad set her free ! Anything was better than to be condemned to pass the remainder of her existence in living death — bound by day and night — by bed and board — to a man whom she had learned to despise. At least, she had her child to live for. Strange are the mysteries of the maternal heart — she loved the child although she loathed the father ! Love and loathing alike nerved heat to an instant purpose ; passing rapidly to her own room, she : bathed and bound her wounds, then moved over to the cradle where her boy lay, sleeping and smiling in his sleep. The mother's heart stirred within her at the sight. ' My child,' she said, ' you have no longer a father, but He who is a father to the Fatherless will be a father to thee.' Then she packed up ber jewels, swathed the child from head to foot in furs and wraps, wrapped herself in a warm travelling-cloak, covered her face with a thick veil, took her baby in her arms, and passed down the entrance-hall. As she opened the door, she saw that a snowdrift lay deep upon the ground. The wind was high, and the snow had changed to rain, which con gealed to ice as it fell. It Btruck her on the lace — struck her through her veil like drops of steel. She recoiled, instinctively throwing her cloak over tho child. After a moment's irresolution she set her teeth. ' Anything — even death itself — were better than this tnoral degradation — this death in life ! *' she hissed through her clenched teeth, as she passed forth iuto the tempest. IX. ' WE FLY BY NIGHT.' The morrow was fixed for the great political demonstration on the Moor at Newcastle-on-Tyne. Frank Quarritch had been invited to propose the first resolution, and to Bpeak upon the burning question of the hour. The household had long retired to rest, and he was alone in his study, immersed in Blue Books and statistics. There lay 'Haydon's Diction ary of Dates,' there a volumn of ' Hansard,' there one of ' Burke,' there another of ' Broug ham.' The future M.P. had reached his peroration. As he strode to and fro, ladling it out furiously, he heard a timid tinkling of the bell without. ' Who in the name of fate can that be at this unearthly hour ' he growled, as he made his way to the door. When he opened it a gust of wind carried bodily before it, and actually propelled iuto the hall, a woman, veiled and closely muffled up. Ah it blew her in, it blew the lamp out, and left the corridor in total darkness. The whole thing was so sudden and so strange that it seemed as if an apparition had appeared and vanished. The thing had come and gone as quickly As tbe lightning, which doth cease Ere one cai nay it lierhteus. He had, however, a clear conscience and a good digestion. Moreover, he did not believe in ghosts (certainly not in the ghosts of woollen drapery), and, cursory as was his glimpses of the flying figure, he saw that it was well wrapped up. Apart from all this, his heart, aud every drop of blood in his body, had told him who it was had sought shelter from the storm beneath his roof at this untimely hour. Untimely, indeed, for at this moment the clock of the parish church struck 2. Making fast the door, he walked rapidly to the library. She was there before him. As he approached she dropped upon her knees, and held forth her child in silencc. The sight Btruck him — stabbed him to the heart with a pang so poignant that he could not repress the shudder of aversion or something worse. Though he affected the Stoic, this Cumberland la wyer was very human, and the thought that this woman, whom he had loved, whom he loved still with a passion little short of idolatry, should be the mother of another man's child, above all, the child of yonder brainless, drunken roysterer, revolted heart, blood, and brain . For one moment, for one little moment, he felt as if he could snatch the child from her arms, and fling it into the street ; the next, the baby awoke, looked at him with his mother's eyes, and smiled. Before that innocent smile his heart softened. ' Heaven forgive me.' he muttered. Then he took the little stranger in his arms, and kissed it, and placed it tenderly on the sofa before the fire. By some quick and subtle instinct she had divined what passed through his mind ; yet, some how, she felt that she had no right to reproach him. Up to now she had not shed a single tear ; but now — when she thought of her wasted life, of the weary years to come during which she must remain fettered like a living body bound to a corpse — the thought of what she might have been and what she was, his tenderness to her child, his pleading looks, his wistful eyes, touched her to the core, and her surcharged heart found vent in a passion of tears. Her sobs stirred him to a depth of emotion he had not felt *ince his mother's death. ' Don't cry ! ' said he in a choking voice. ' Don't cry — I can't bear to hear a woman cry ! ' ' I must, I must, or my heart will break ! ' ' There, then — there ; be composed and tell me all.' ' This will spare speech ! ' she said, as she threw back her veil. ^ The sight of the sweet, sad faoe — swollen, bruised, disfigured, defaced, defiled — set his blood on fire, and the devil whieh lies dormant in every man's heart leaped up and took posession of him. He Btayed to ask no questions. He saw — he new all instinctively. ?' I'll kill him ! By ? I'll kill him ! ' he cried, as he rushed towards the door with murder flam ing forth from his eyes. Jack Lonsdale would have met with a short shrift had Frank Quarritch encountered him at that moment. Fortunately for both, it was not to be, for she threw herself before her champion and barred his passage. ' Are you mad ? ' she cried. ' Would you add to my misery and disgrace ? ' ' Take your hands from me, and let me go.' ' Never — never, except over my body ! I would not have you abase yourself by descending to this man's level. Mine was the sin, be mine the shame.' ' You have not sinned, and where there is no sin there is no shame.' ' Was it no sin to fetter my future life to a foolish promise, against which my heart rebelled ? Is it no shame to have given yonder innocent such a father P Had I only listened to you — Oh, had I only listened ! ' ' Hush, hush. What is past is past.' ' I have no right to trespass on you — on you of all men in the world — but you told me once that if ever I needed a friend I might rely on you. Tou see how sorely I need a friend now.' ' It is a friend's first duty to tell you,' said he, recalling himself, ' that a wife has no right to leave her husband's house.' ' No right ! You tell me this — you, who but now would have taken the law into your own hands, to avenge my wrongs ? ' *' I felt then as a man — now I speak as Bernard Lupton's executor, and your legal adviser. Be fore the news can get abroad, let me entreat you to return to the Grange.' ' Never — never ! ' 41 Return, I tell you — and I will call for you to morrow in open daylight with the Vicar and Dr. Simpson.' ' No earthly consideration shall ever induce me lo cross ' that threshold while that man iB there.' ' Let me at least conduct yon to the Vicar age.' ' No, I tell yon. The Vicar would insist on my returning to his son, and, Heaven helping me, I will never .break bread or speak word with him again. I was. like to die with shame wLeu I showed even you the mark3 of his brutality ; but to be a scoff for all Oakdale— never ! Let me be gone at once — now — this moment. Take me to some distant place where I may never see his face orliear hiB voice again.' ' Has it occurred to you to think what the world will say of this strange flight ? ' ' Let it say what it will, I care nothing. You are a man of honour. My fate and the future of my child are in your hands. Only take me — take me away from here ! ' After a pause, he replied, ' My head and my heart are in conflict ; ray head protests, but my heart yields. You have no right to travel in this inclement weather, but I suppose a wilful woman will have her way. Let me see the time. Three o'clock. The southern mail is due at 4. Rest here while I get some lint and styptic and make you some coffee.' As he drew up his great easy chair to the fire, she suffered herself to be persuaded to sink into it. They each took a cup of coffee together, and while he went round to the stable, and put the cob into the shafts, she used the lint and styptic to allay the pain of her bruises. Presently he drove the dogcart round to the hall-door. Wrapping the little one up carefully, he con ducted both child an 1 mother to the gig. The next minute they were ou their way to the rail way station, where they arrived just in time to ' catch the mail for the South. Tipping the solitary porter, who was left in charge, Frank desired him to go to Oakdale with the trap, and to give the cob a rub down on his arrival. The man promised the strictest secrecy, but 'the bast-laid schemes of men and mice gang oft agley,' and all Frank's precautions were futile, for just at the very moment tho train was about to start, Tom Robins, tli3 mailcart driver, dashed down the platform with the letter-bags. As he did so he caught sight of Frank, of Mary, and of little Bernard in the eottpv reserved for them. As ill-luck would have it, Mary's veil was uplifted for the moment, aud Tom Baw her poor ? bruised face. He immediately arrived at his own conclusions on the subject, and by daybreak the story was known everywhere at Oakdale except at the two places most interested in the matter, the Grange and the Vicarage. Jack Lonsdale did not stir from his drunken Btnpor till mid-day. When he had had a ' peg ' or two to pull himself together, he went down to breakfast. Upon inquiring for bis wife and child, he was informed that they had not slept at home, aud that no one knew when they had left the house, or what had become of them. With an oath he sprang to his feet, and ran down to the Vicarage. Of course they had neither seen nor heard of them there. With another oath, he turned into the High Street, and, feeling a little shaky, he stopped at the Tambormere Arms to take another ' peg.' As he approached the bar, he heard Fermor, the landlord, entertaining the whole company with an account of Mary's elopement, ? somewhat improved and embellished by repetition. ' Oh, yes,'' said Fermor, ' she was dead nuts on him before she married Jack, and the end of it is Bhe sloped last night with Quarritch ! ' ' And a good job too ! ' chimed in Mrs. Fer mor. 'If I had been her I Bhould have cut it long ago. How she could ever have looked at a thriftless ne'er-do-well like that, while there was a man like Frank in the world, I can't under stand. If the great hulking, lazy brute had only laid his finger on me, I'd have made him so that his mother wouldn't know him.' As Jack heard the general chorus of approval to this expression of opinion he concluded not to try the tap at the Tambormere Arms that day. X. THE GALLANT §AILOB BOY. Of course Frank didu't appear at the meeting at Newcastle, anl, indeed, a week or more elapsed before he came back to Oakdale. When he did come back, he was armed with a power of attorney. Eminently a mau of action, he wasted no time in words. The day after his arrival he took possession of the Grange, and bundled Master Jack out neck and crop, called a sale, sold up every stick and stone in the place, except the miller's chair, hia Shakespeare, his tea-caddy, and his china. These were carefully packed up and forwarded to Lou* don. As soon as the sale was announced the Vicaf made a descent upon Quarritch, and demanded to know if he wasn't ashamed to come between man and wife. Frank replied that was his business produced his power of attorney, and politely showed the astonished parson the door. Then came Mrs. Lonsdale and Penelope Anne, but they could make nothing of the lawyer, who remained imperturbably polite and blandly ots etinate. Meanwhile our gallant sailor had been going about like a roaring lion, theatening (especially when in his cups, at the Tambormere ArmB) to be the death of Quarritch the first time he met him. It was eay to say this sort of thing, and, to do Jack justice, he would have been glad to do it — but saying and doing are different things. When turned out of the Grange he turned into the Tambormere Arms, where he soon ran up a pretty stiff shot. At the end of the first month, when Mrs. Fermor^suggested payment, he graci ously gave her a chequo on Stern, Rouble, and Co , the bankers. When Mr Fermor presented it next morning at the bauk it was returned to him endorsed ' Re fer to Drawer.' When he came bask to the inn, he requested an explanation. Snatching the cheque from the irate landlord, Jack ran over to the bank and noisily demanded to know why it was dis honoured. Mr. Stern, the senior partner, blandly referred him to Mr. Quarritch for an explanation. Here upon the bearded one simmered down a little. Notwithstanding Mb dislike (which eince Mary's departure had rapidly ripened to hatred), he knew. aB, indeed, did everybody in Oakdale, that Frank was uot a man to be trifled with. A 8 Fer mor had, however, intimated that the account must be settled there and then, it wan necessary to see the lawyer on the subject. By the time the pot-voliant tar had got to the Market Square he resolved upon a diplomatic course. Upon inquiring for Frank, he ascertained that he was engaged -with a deputation from Sut ton-le-Hole about the forthcoming election. The injured husband had, therefore, to cool his heels in the square for three-quarters of an hour or more, during which, with the aid of an additional ' peg ' or two, he wrought himself up to concert pitch. At length he was ushered into the office. Quarritch was writing. He continued to write, and didn't take tbe slightest notice of his visitor. To all apearance Frank was quiet and selfcon contained, but iu point of fact he was an animated powder magazine, which only needed one spark to cause an explosion. 44 Morning, Frank' said .Tact. ' My clients are accustomed to put a handle to my name, sir,*' icily responded the lawyer ' and this office is entirely devoted to business ; if you have any with me, call me Mr. Quarritch, if you please.' 44 Very well, tben, Mr. Quarritch. A month ago you turned me out of house and home.' ' Yes.' ' You sold everything I had in the woild.' ' Pardon me, uothing can come of nothing. You had nothing, and consequently there was nothing to sell.' 44 What is my wife's is mine,' ' Pray disabuse your mind, if you have 6uch a thing, of that exploded fallacy. The Married 'Woman's Protection Act has settled that question long ago.' ' Well, sir, we shall see about that. This morning they refused my cheque at the bank.' 44 Yes.' 44 Mr, Stern has referred me to you for an ex planation.'* ' The explanation is simple and obvious — the account is closed.' ' By my wife's orders r ' ' Certainly not — ' By whose, then ? ' ' By mine.' ' Yours P ' ' Yes, mine.' 44 On what authority ? ' 44 The best possible authority. I hold a power of attorney from your wife ' ' Then you have acted entirely on your own responsibility ? ' 44 Entirely so.' Here a hitch occurred in the conversation. The lawyer resumed his writing, and amidst the silence nothing could be heard but the scratching of his pen. The sound waB particu larly irritating, and the listener thought if he could have only got at ihs writer in some quiet placc at the back of Good Speed, how pleasant it would have been to have cut his throat, and have put his heel on his facie after that surgical opera tion ; but visions of an Assize Court, of twelve good men and true, of a little man with a big Ro man nose, a horsehair wig, and a black cap, re strained the honest tar. ' Where are my wife and child P' he inquired, endeavouring to smother his growing irritation. ' Under my projection.' 44 Under your protection P ' ' Yes, mine. They are safe beyond your reach — and you will never see them again.' 'Never?' ' Never, so long as I can prevent it.' ' The law does not allow a man to rob a hus band of his wife and child.' ' If you refer to me, I had never even- spoke to your wife after the day of her ill- omensd marriage until the night when your brutality drove her to me for shelter and protection.' ' Once more I ask you, Where is she f ' ' Once more I refuse to tell you.' ' You shall tell me — jou shall — or by-: — ! I'll tear her hiding-place from your throat ! *' With that Jack made a dart at Quarritch. The ppark had been applied to the powder magazine — the blood of the fighting Quarritchs was on fire ! Three well-planted v gorous blows from the shoulder, and the bereaved one lay on his back flat flounder. Then Frank carefully and deliberately washed his hands and rubbed them dry as if he were rub bing out some infectious disease. -That done, he rang the bell for his brother. 'Dick,' said he,' undo that ruffian's shirt collar, throw a bucket of cold water over him, and let him lie there till I come back. I'm going to the Bank and shan't be more than half an hour.' When the bereaved one eame to, he had a gene ral impression that he had been knocked into the middle of the next week. As soon as he recognised Dick, he gasped, ' Dick, oil man ' (he and Dick had always been chums), 44 give us a peg, for I'm knocked out of time.' When he had imbibed a brandy-and-soda or two, he began to pull himself together. 44 By Jove, Jack,' said Dick, ' Frank has been . letting you have the auctioneer, and no mistake. He's just awful when he lands his left. If you Want to spruce up a bit you'll find noap and water And sticking-plaster in the inner office. But I must get back to business.' By the time he had completed his toilet Frank had returned. Once more Jack Lonsdale thought that if he had had the opportunity, and could have done so without incurring the legal penalty, he would have ' removed ' his wife's legal ad viser with as little remorse as he would have squashed a beetle ; but to do so would be to cut oif the supplies, so for the present he b wallowed his rage, and resolved to postpone a settlement un til a more eligible opportunity. When he returned to the outer offic?, Frank was writing as quietly as he had been at the com mencement of their interview. The position was awkward ; but what can a fellow do when he hasn't a shilling in the world, especially when another fellow has the key of the cashbox ? Jack had already drawn upon his mother's slender resources, had even laid Penelope Anne's pocket-money under contribution, had tried it on with the Vicar, but to no avail. Money he must have. ' Mr. Quarritch,' said he, ' you've had the best of the argument. I'm on my beam ends, and thoroughly cleaned out. I owe four-and- twenty quid to Bill Fermor to begin with, and I haven't a dollar. What's a fellow to do when he hasn't got a dollar P ' ' Go to work and earn one.' 44 But I'm a gentleman, and don't like work.' ' So it appear*, but you don't seem to object to cadge r ' ' Cadge r ' 44 I said cadge ! I can find no word so appro priate to designate a man who lives upon a woman. You appear to forget 4 He who will not work neither shall he eat.' ' 44 Hard words.' ? ' I can't spare you one of them. But we waste time, and time is of value to me. Look here, there are no less than five County Court judgments out against you for contempt of Court. You are liable at any moment to be laid by the heels and flung into gaol, unless the Vicar pays your debts, which I don't think he will, and I'm sure your wife won't. Go away at once, and I'll pay them for you. I'll give you twenty pounds to get to Jersey with. So long as you remain there I am commissioned to pay you a huudred and four pounds a year, in four equal instalments of twenty-six pounds. Leave the island, and the al lowance drops, and you will never get another shilling so long as you live.' 44 Hard lines, hard lines Can't you make it two hundred P ' 44 Not a farthing more than I have said. That is the proposal. Take it or leave it.' ' What security have I that I shall get the coin P ' 44 My word. Here's a banknote for twenty pounds. Take it, and let me see your back.' ' Hard lines, Quarritch, hard lines ! A gentle man's son ? ' 44 A gentleman's son who is not a gentleman ! Oh, get out.' And Frank flung the door in the bereaved one's face. 44 Twenty quid,' said Jack, as he strolled down the High Street. ' I can bleed the old man of another twenty. Well, Jersey's a nice place to live in, and cognac and cigars are cheap — that's a blessing.' And so he lounged down to the Vicarage, bled his father of that other twenty pounds, told his mother that he was going to London to search for his wife and child, and that was the last the Lonsdales ever saw or heard of their gallant sailor boy. (To de continued.) 