Til Mill MM. ' CHAPTER XVL—Oontinued.) ' Ono word,' ho said. '.It is in your powor, and in your power alono, to.makoypur father eoriously unhappy. You have no right to do that ; ho has been the most indulgent of parents to you. Remombor that now : remember how ho haB nover grieved you, and do not grieve him. Can I trust*- you fn r?n fliin ?' ' You can trusi me,' said Kate, a little aoftened. ' Good-morning.' . Sho walked straight homo, her heart all in a rebellious tumult. From the first she had never, .taken vory kindly to Graco ; but just now Bhe felt as if she positively hated her. ' How dare sbe^marry him ;' she thought, the angry blood hot in her cheeks. ' How daro sho twine horsolf, with her quiet, Quakerish ways, into his heart ! He is twioo her »ge, and it is only to bo mistress whore she is servant now that she marries him, Oh, how could papa think of such a thing ?' She found Rose in tho drawing-room when she arrived, listening to Eony with wide open eyes!of wonder. Tho moment Kate entered, she sprang up, in a high state of excitement. ' Have yon heard tho news, Kate ? Oh, goodnoHS, .grncious me! What is tho world coming to ? Papa is going to be married !' ' I know it,' srtid Kate, coldly. ' Who told you ? Eeny'B just been tolling mo, and Grace told hor last night. It's to Graco I Did you over ! Just fancy calling Grace mamma !' ' I shall never call her anything of tho- sort.' ' ? t ' You don't liko it, then ? I told Eony you wouldn't like it. What aVo you. going to say to papa P' ?? ? 'Nothing.' 'No? Why don't you remonstrato ? Toll him he's old enough and big enough to have bettor fionse.' . -. : ? ?-. , . ' I shall tell him nothing, of the sort ; and I bog yon will not either, ' Papa certainly has tbo right to do us ho pleases. ' Whether wo liko ? it or not, doosn't matter much ; Graco Danton will more than supply our places. Sho spoko bitterly, and turned to go up to. hor own room. With her hand on the door, she passed, and looked at Eeny, ' Yon aro ^leased, no doubt, Eenv P' 'Yes, I am,' roplied . Eony, stoutly. ' Graco has always boon liko a mother to me j lam glad Bhe is going to bo my mothor in reality.' . ';It is a fortunato thing you do,'.' said Rose, ' for you. are tho only ono who will, have to put up with her. , Thank goodnoBB, I'm coinc to bo married I' ... .'. ???..? : 'Thank goodnesB 1 ; repeated Bony j ''there ?wiil bo peace in the houso when.you!ro out of it, ,: I doult know any one I pity /half, so much as that poor Monsieur La, Tquoho.' , ??;.??:, .Katonaw Rose's angry, retort .in her eyos, and: hurried away from, tho, coming storm. She kopt her room until lunoheon-timo, and she found hor father alono; in the dining-room, whon sho ontored. Tho anxious look ho gnve hor mado her.! think of Father Francis' words. f I have. hoard all, papa,' sho said, smiling, and holding up hor cheek. 'I am glad you will! bo happy whon wo are gone' .; ?' ? He drew a long breath of roliof as ho kissed hor. ' Father Frauois told you P You .. liko Grace P' ... .-; '1 want to liko orory one you liko, papa,' »he replied, evasivsly. , ? : jl . ' !. . Graco camo in as sho spoko, and, in spito of horsolf, Kate's faco took that cold, proud look it often woro ; , but she wont up to her with outstretched hand. ? Sho never. shrank from1 disagrooable duties. ? ?; ?. '': : i ? ? 'Acoont mv concrratttlations,', she said, frigidly. ? ' L trust you will ,bo happy.' . i , .. : :, , ; -Two deop rod spots, vory foreign to hor. usual' comploxion, burned . in Grace's ohebks, Hor only anawov.waB a bow, as sho .took ? 'her tioat.at tho tablo. ? ?, .'.-. ???;?! ? .'? - ? f ;It was a most i corafbrtloHs ropast.i Thoro was. a stiffness, a : restraint over all, ? , that would not' bo shaken off— with ono oxeoption,' jloso, who lattorly hadiboon.allin1 tho downs,, took' hoar t of grace amid tho gonoraV gloom,, and rattlod away liko tho Roho of other days To, hor tho idea of hor fathor's marringo,wns rathor a- good' joke, tlian.otlioi'wiso.,. Sho lmd no .idoopfcolmga to; bo- wounded, no tendor. mombi'ies to bo hurt, nnd tho universal ora )arra»Bmonit tiokled hor. conBidorably.' , .*??- - ,'???' You ought to havoheard ovorybody.' talk- ing on stilts, Raginald,' sho said.in^ho^llow of hor rotumod'spirits, somo hours later, whon tho gontlomou returned. ?.. ' Kato was on hor dignity, you know, and as unappronohablo as r princoss-royttl, and Grace was looking, dis conoofted and ombarrassod, and papa was. .trying to bo protornatumlly ohoorful and easy, and Eony was fidgoty; and scared, and T wns onjoying the fun, Did you ovor hoar of anything so droll as papa's getting married P'1 ' I nover hoard of anything moro sensible,' said Roginald, roBolutoly. 'Graco i» tho: quoon of housokooporB, and will ninko* tho. pink and'p&ttorn; of matrons.. I havo fovo seon thiB'for. Hoino time, nnd I assuro you I am dolightod.': ; , , ' u ' ' u ' ' So is Kato,'. said Roso, her. dyes twink ling, ' You ought to havo * soon hor con« fratulating Grace. ItJwaH liko.tho entrance of blast of. norths wind, and froze iis RllHtiil.' 1 'I am glad Juno is so hoar,' Kato said, loaning lightly on hor lover's shouldet1 j ' I could not stay horo and' know that, sho wi\h mistrosB.'. ???'??'?'? ?'??'? '? ???? .?????'? ?'???' ? ? ? Mr. SUiiford did, not iioom to .hoar : ho wflB I'whlstllng to Tigbr, slumboring on tho lawn', wiion ho did Bponk it wns without looking ..at1 iher. ., .?? ? .?*;?;' ';?' ': '.--:-. ?-.' \\.\'. ; n . ?...-?; ,-i » I am going to Ottawa uoxt wook.1 'To Ottawa! With Monsieur La Toucho ?' asked Kato, while Rose's faco flushed up. ' Yes ; he wants me to go, and I have said yes, I fihall stay until tho ond of April,' Kate looked at him a littlo wistfully, but Enid nothing. Roso turned suddenly, and ran up stairs. ' We shall miss you — I shall miss you,' sho said at last. ' It will not be for long,' he answered, care lessly. ' Come in and sing mo a song.'-' Tho first pong of doubt that had ever crossed Kate's mind of her handsome lover crossed it now, a.s sho followed him into the drawing-room, ' How careless he is !'' sho thought ; ' how wiiimg to leave me i Ana i — coma i do con tented anywhere in tho world whero he waB not?' . By Borne mysterious chance, the song sho selected was Eony's ' Smile again, my dearest love ; weep not that I leave theo.' Stanford listened to it, his sunny face over cast. ? , ? ' ' Why did you sing that ?' ho askod, abruptly, when sho had done. ; ' Don't you liko it P' ???..' ?. . ' Here is a French chansoret — sing mo that.' Kato sang for him song after ? song. The momentary pain tho announcement of his departure had given hor wore away. ' It is natural ho should liko change,' sho thought, ' and it is dull here. I am glad ho is going to Ottawa, and yet I shall hubs him. Dear Reginald ! what would life bo worth without you ?', CHAPTER XVH. 'NEVER G1VK UP, AGNES.' The period of Monsieur. La Toucho's stay was rapidly drawing to a close. March waB at its end, too — it was tho last night of tliQ. month. The ovo of departure was celebrated at Dauton Hall by a social party. The older MissoB Danton on that occasion were as lovely and as much admired as ever,, and Messrs. St&nford; and La Toucho woro envied by moro than ono gentleman pres6nt. 'Grace's en-, gagoment to tho Captain had got 'wind, and sho shared tho interest with her stop-daughters elect. Early next morning tho two young men left. There was breakfast almost before it was light, and everybody got up to boo them off, It was a most depressing, morning. March had gone out liko an idiotic lamb, and April camo in in sapping rain and enervating mist. OeaBolessly tho rain boat against the window- glass, and tho wind had a desolate echo that sounded far moro like wintor than spring. ? Palo, in tho dismal morning light, Kate and Robo Danton bade thoir lovors adiou, and' wxtched them drive down tho dripping, avenue and disappear. An hour before ho had come down stairs, that morning, Mr. Stanford had writton a lottor. It was vory short : . ; 'Dear old Bot,— I'm off, In an hour I shall be on my way to Ottawa, and thence I will write you noxt. Do you know why I am going P *I am running awny from myself! 'Lead us not into temptation t' and Satan seems to have mo hard and fftflt at Danton Hall. Landerdale, in spite of your bad opinion of me, I don't want to bo a villain if I oan hulp it. I don't want to do any bntta j I do want to be trao I And hore it is impoBsibln. I have got intoxionted with flowing curia, and flash \ng dark eyes, nnd all the pmtfcy, bonitehing/ feolish, irresistible ways of that piquant little beauty, whom I havo no busiaeas uudur heaven t» think of. I know she is silly and- frirolons, and coquettiiib, and vain; but I love hor! There, the murder id out, and I feel better after. ir. But, witual, I want to be fnitbrul to tno girl who loves mo (ah I wretuh that I am), and so I fly. A month out of sight of that Bweet face — a month out of hearing of that gay young voioa— a month shoor in?,'and riding, and exploring thtse Canadian, wildB, will do me good, nnd bring me ba«k a new man. At laait I hope soj nnd don't you s*t me down as* villain, for the next four weeks, at least,' Tho day of departure was miserably long and dull at tho Hall; -It ruinod conselossly, . and that mado it worse. Roso never left her room j hor plea wns headache, Kate wandered drearily up stairs, and down stairs, and felt' desolato and f orsakon boyond all precedent. . Thoro was a strange, forlorn stillnoBs about' the houso, as if somo ono lay dead in it ; and from morning to night tho wind nover coasod its melancholy complaining, ? Of course, this abnormal state of things could not last, Sunshine camo noxt dny and. tho young ladies wero thomsolvos again. Tho preparations for tho treble wedding must jegin in earnest now— shipping, dressmakers,! millinors, jewellers, all had to bo soon after. A journey to Montreal must bo takon immediately. . Kato hold a long consultation witl^RoBO in hor boudoir; but Rose, marvellous' to tell, took very littlo interest in the subject. , Sho, who all her lifo had mado dross tho g.roat con cern of her oxistonoe, all at once, in this most importanco crisis, grew indifforont. Sho acoompanied Kato to Montreal, how ever, and holped in tho Bolootion of laces, and ilka, and nowora, and ribbons, and another drosBinaker was hunted up and carried back. It was a busy time aftor that; tho noedlos of Agnes Darling, Eunico, and the now dross makor flow from morning until sight, Graco lont hor assistance; and Kate' was njwaya ocoupiod Buporiutonding, and being flttod and yefittod, and fend no timo to think how lonoly tho houso waB, or how mnoh sho missed Roginuld Stanford,, Sho was happy boyond tho powor of worus to dosoriboj the timo was noar whon thoy would nevor part ugnin — when she would bo his— ^his happy happy wifo. ? '?? ' ; .?? ': ' . ??. ??'?' ????? ' ??? It was all difforont with Roso; sho had changed in a most nnacoouutablo mannor. All her movomonts woro languid and listless, sho who had boon wont --to keep tho house astir; sho took no interest in the bridal drossoB, and' jowollory ; sho shrank from every one, and wanted to bo alono. She grow palo, and thin, and hysterical, and so potukut that it was a risk to sponk to her. . What wns tlv- mattor ?— ovory. ono askod that question, nnd Grace and Grace's brother woro tho only two who guossod within a milo of tho truth. -. _ ... And so April woro awaytj Timo, -that goon on Eorovor — atondily, steadily, fov tho happy and miserable — was bringing tho fated timo near. Tho suow had flod, tho now grass and, fresh buds woro green on tho lawn and trooa,, iind tho birds, sang- thoir glories in tho branohoH so lately tosflod by tho wintry winds,, , Doctor Dnnton was still at St, Oroix, but ho was going away, too. Ho had had au, intorviow with Agnos Dfirling, whoss hopos woi'o on tho obb ; and onoo moro had tried to engraft his own bright, languino nature on j ' Novor givo up, AgrioBj' ho Haul,' cheerily.' ?'Pntionco, pafiienob' yofc a 'little longor. I shall return for-ray l Bistor'B -Wodding, find' I think it. will bo nil right thon,1,' Agnes listened, and sighed wearily. Tho ghost of Danton Hall had been very well behaved of lato, and had frightened no ono. Tho initiated knew that Mr. Richards was not vory well, and that tho night air was con sidered unhealthy, so he never left his rooms. The tamarack walk was undisturbed in the lonoly April nights — at least, by all save Doctor Frank, who sometimes choso to haunt the place, but who never saw anything for his pains. May camo — with it came Mr, Stanford, looking sunburned, and fresh, and handsomor than ever. As on tho evening of his depar ture from tho Hall, so on the ovo of his departure from Ottawa, he had written to that confidential friend : Dear Lauderdale,— The month of probation haB expired. To-morro* I return to Danton Hall. Whatever happens, I have done my best. If fate is arbitrary, am I to blamaP Look for mo in June, and be ready to pay your respects to Mrs/Stanford. (To 6c continued.') 