HEBE AND THERE. Kfve.-iJii!iir at a banquet tendered him at Fremauile last week prior to his removal to Albany. Mr Fairbairn. whose name will not be lYin/oiiijii in the district in which he has labored. a* police magistrate. grew reminiscent anil remarked tim magistrates in the early days did not know very much about law. and the position of clertt of courts was not an easy one. He remembered yii one occasion a lawyer journeying 11 the Yasse and engaging in an altercation with the Bench upon a decision. After a wordy warfare. tlie advocate exclaimei. •• Hut where do you get your law from " " from here !" jeplied the magistrate, tapping his head. This finished the lawyer's arguments. Some of the magistrates of the present dav also do not know too much about law, and tapping their heads—unless they were tapped with an auger—would furnish no very c nsiderable proof that they were furnished with the necessary cells in which to store any knowledge. A companion story to that of Mr. Fairbairn is that of a lawyer who daivd to dispute the law as laid down by the 1 encli. and was almost contemptuous in his personal reflections. When the Court rose, the magistrate, who was a 'very large man. bore down upon the lawyer, who was a lean and hungry wasp-waisted person of about seven stone weight, and. after ra'ing him soundly for his disrespect and being viciously replied to, said— 11 You shrimp, I c">uld put you in my pocket." Whereat the lawyer laughed sardonically, and observed—"If you did, you'd have more law in your pocket than you ever had in your head.' The laws of W.A. are an extraordinary combination of ancient and unrepealed enactments, and provide penalt ; es out of all proportio n to minor offences. For instance a man who strikes a magistrate may be im-, prisoned for a yea'. Prof a ity entitles a man to a proportionate punishment. There are numerous minor irregularities for which flogging may be awarded, and about a score entitling the culprit to be hanged. The neatest criticism on the criminal code was recently male by one charged with being about to commit burglary. There was ample reason to suppose some such intention was prevalent in his mind, since when arrested he was carrying a complete kit of the most up-to-date appliances with which to break and enter. His defence was a simple denial of the charge. He was no about to commit a burg'ary. he contended. «itd the iVilice ought, in common justice, to prove he wabefore clamoring for li s incarceration. The Bench, however decided against him. • Why."' he asked. •• You liad the|tools with ymi." was the reply. " Twelve months' zaol." That ended the ea e iin.-erned, but he craved permission of the Court to make a few lemarks. This being gianted lie askid very civilly •• I< tiier; the same law in tins country for the poor a- for the rich.'" " Certainly." wa< answered. the law is no respector of persons.'" That's riiiht," commented the prisoner cheerfully. " Now, if a rich man had been carrying my bag would you have given him twelve moons." 1 1 One year, - ' said the Bench : " ye , uuder similar circumstance', the same sentence would have been passed." •• Well, then, that man," pointing to a well-known lawyer. " was about to garrotte somebody last night" The Court was electrified. " Whit do you mean." asked ihe Bench. '"Well. I saw h111 at '.I o'clock, and lie had the necessary tools with him." And Mr Sykes grinnpd capaciously as he accompanied the police to the dungeon. Every now and again we hear of ponderous and aggressive men being treated to most unple sant surp ises in ihis division of the earth's surface where there is more likelihood of one " running up against a snag" than there is when sailing down the placid mom- lit reaches of the Swan in a washtub. On the goldtields are congregated some very awkward citize s of all sor s and sizes, and the wise man is the one who when in strange company keeps a remarkably still rongue and under no circumstances bears witness against his neighbour. An individual has infested this particu *r centre for some time who. it is alleged, lias threatened, in the absence of the objects of his hatred, to pulverise various citizens whom he has literally slandered by telling the truth about some and lies about, others. He has fouled one or two very risky men lately, and was never nearer being disastrously dealt with than when he endeavored 11 irritate a very mild-mannered young gentleman who wears spectacles, and has only one lung. He escape i on that occasion, the "lambasting'' of a lifetime mainly because he was drunk, or near it. But lately his time arrived. A well-known professional man. who is not eight feet high, and considerably under sixteen stone weight, encountered him in a hotel. Without greeting, the new comer walked up to t h e other and enquired, " Did yor. say. etc. .'" Prompt denial was given. " Hum .' ' grunted the small man, as lie laid his cane on the bar. that makes it worse. You're a liar, as well as a slanderer. Put your bauds up, please, because I'm going to hit you." And much to the surprise of all present, he set a'iout his bulky opponent to such pu pose that he had him at his merev in less time than one could break an egg "by dropping it. Then renarking. •• Don't you speak about me any more." the little man called for a whisky and asked the barman if he thought the rain would make tlie going heavy at Kalgoorlie. One never knows here. A few nights ago we were in company with a citizen, who. apologising for leaving us. stepped scross to another, and, taking hi m by the uose pulled it cordially. On his return he remarked, cheerfully, '• I've been promising him that for a long' time." '• He would probably not have reminded you of it if the promise had remained unfulfilled," was our suggestion. Mining and meatealin« is responsible for mnch. Mining makes men parsimonious with the trutli and meat make* them quick to condemn similar economy in others. Our intercolonial tele- grams a couple of days ago told of the fright of a couple of Melbourne men, who saw what they prob- ably took to be the Tan- tanoola tiger basking on the sea beach. The first instance of a man of British race, when he sees anything he has never seen before, is either to kill it or run away, and say he has seen a ghost or tiger. If the ordinary Briton met the Angel Gabriel, or the last man, he would inevitably try to kill him. But if he encountered the sea serpent, or the ichtyosaurus, or the Tantanoola tiger, he would run away. The two Mel- bournites, who presumably had never seen a harmless seal before, encountered one that morning at St Kilda. The seal naturally and justifiably barked, as 'tis the nature of seals to do, and the men, probably deem- ing it the missing link, were alarmed, and promptly got a hammer and stove in the seal's head. The pity of it is that the seal was not only a big seal, weighing nearly 800lb, but it was practically a white, and therefore a rare variety. The thing, alive, would have graced an aquarium. Now it is only fit for a moth trap. But someone will present its slaughterer with a medal. The new woman is coming along. At Melbourne Police Court last week, Minnie Shanks, aged 20, was charged with housebreaking in company with James, her father. The evidence went to show that Minnie did the burgling while her parent waited outside and received the plunder. The innovation is not an objectionable one. Being burg ed will be an experience robbed of half its former BLUE SPOR AND GABRIEL'S <;ULLY CONSOLIDATED GOLD MINUS LIMITED.—(Manager's Office and Tailing's Deposit.) terrors, when, instead of the beetle-browed ruffian with a bludgeon, the citizen is confronted by a masked maiden, who, armed '*ith a dainty toy-i istol, demands the immediate handing over of keys which may cover property. But the female burglar is down for a troublous time if she invades I lie premises of married folks and attempts to remove any of the adornments of the citizens. In such cases the biggest kind of resistance is certain to be offered, for a woman would fight for a new bonnet more desperately than a man would lesist the removal of a box of gold.i The Perth papers are not too respectfully regarded bv the old established journals of the colony some of which have taken rn the vigorous tone of the goldfields Press, and started in* to shake things up all round. Albany " Advertiser" thus criticises the metropolitan morning papers :—'-The 'West Australian ' as a lule hangs back to see how the cat s going to jump, while the ' Hera'd' is always setting the cats jumping and then clearing out of fight from fear of the consequences. This is a very bad state of things journalistic, and it has a very damaging effect on politics. There can never be a useful Opposition so lonfi as (he'Herald'fools the Opposition members to the tup of their bent and then throws them over. There are two questions upon which the 'Heiald' 's n> w apparently pledged—the tariff ami the Coolgardie Water Scheme—to revise the firmer and to cancel the latter. Will il stick to its gunsThe past tactics if the 'Herald 1 give tte public no ground for hoping that it will do so. The ' West Australian,' on the other hand, will, as usual, hold on to the wrong end of the stick until the last gasp atid then relinquish it with all the dignity of success."' The following anecdote of the late Hon. W. 13. Dalley, the first Australia Privy Councillor, is (says the Mebourte •• Advocate ") worth repeating : —It was the c stom of the late Hon. W. B. Dalley, when counsel for the defence in heavy criminal cases, to prepare with great care a peroration. Many years ago he was leading counsel for a man charged with murder. His junior was the present Attorney-General (the Hen. J. H. Want). Dalley had wrifen out his peroration on a sheet of foolscap, and. just as he was beginning his address to the jury, handed the document to his junior, with the following injunction :—" Here. Wan!\ when I come to the words ' In the name of Almighty God,' hand me this perortion." The great orator proceeded with hitaddress, and hie junior rat ready with the document. After speaking for about an hour and a half, Dalley came to the cue. Mr Want, who meantime bad been hanging on the music of Dalley's eloquence, oblivious of everything else around him. had unconsciously twisted the peroration into all sorts of shapes, and quite forgot the cue. Dalley went on—" And now. gentlemen, in the name of Almighty God (sotto voce. ' Want !') — Gentleme!*. in the name of Almighty God —(sotro voce, ; Want! Want 1 .!')—Gentlemen. in the 'name of Almighty God, Want." whete the 's the peroration " A Perth parson lias been fined for riding on the footpath, and on a Sunday too, of all days ! When the police constable stopped him the clergyman admitted that the road was good enough to ride oti, but thought the course was clear for him to use the footpath. Clearly he should not have taken this course, and when before the magistrates he admitted that on reflection he ought not to have done this wicked thing. Owing to h ? s extreme humility and the confession of his fault, hp. was leniently treated ail I let off with a fin; of one shiiling onlv. In France, the wish is gallantly expressed that Queen Victoria, after reigning longer than George III., may go on and l>eat the record of Louis XIV., who was a King for 72 years. This would land Her Majesty wel 1 into the next ceti ury. and enable her to celebrate her i'Oth birth ay in 1909, with the Prince of Wales at US. his illustrious consort at 65. the 1 uke of Vork at 44, the Duchess at 42. and Prince Edward at 16. It was lately announced that a rraphop'none. which reciied the Lo'd's Prayer, the Twenty-third Psalm, and the BewHiction, had been made a feature of the Sunday setvices in a Now Jersey Baptist church. The terrible sequel has not yet been reported. The graphophone got out of order, and the mechanic who called in to put it right hail a very stiff job, in the course of which 'tie ejaculated many things which t^e g r aphnphone quietly stored up. When the machine wa* set going the nest Sunday, the congregation stood a good many of the " other things that were interpolated between tlu* recititious. but when it came »o what the mechanic said when his screwdriver slippe and he skinned his knuckles ! There is a graphophone advertised for sale, cheap, in New Jersey now, as offering a "unique opportunity'for teaching a sailor's parrot." The Kiemantle Hogging is, as we Dtedicted. securing for the province a gratuitous advertisement which will operate in the direction of reminding people outside our coast-line that w« are still under convict laws, and that the traditions cf La. land are carefully regarded. In lasf "Bulletin" appears : - "The recent severe Hogging of two prisoneis at Fremantle (W.A.) for the hideously unnatural < ffenee of Imaking a dash for liberty (without using violence) puts up'a record even for the gory Gospel of the Lash. There 'su't, at best, any more logic in punishing an attempt'to break gaol than in chastising an effort to get rid of a disease: and, though the shooting of an escaping prisoner may be taken, con-tructively, as an attempt to detain him, "the deliberate torturing of him when again safelv under key is a senseless barbarity worthy only of a community whiclj. like lag and. has been taught-by its leg-iron traditions to co< sider personal liberty, as more or less of an accursed thing, anyhow." While the estimates were b ing o-ot ready for the Treasurer one of The heads of the departments asled for suggestions cf economy from his officers. It was proposed that the department should cease subscribing for several provincial papers, and the head fell in with the idea. At once numerous objeer'ons to such an economy were raised by a large number of his staff. He was puzzled at this, especially as each objector had a different rrason. There was nnwiimiiy only on one point—that if the papers had to go. at least one goldiields journal, which they named, was mo useful to lose. In his perplexity he fent for the officer who made the suggestion originally and asked him why all the staff confidered the one journal so useful. •'01," said he. "that paper goe^ through every loom. regularly, beause it has good racing * tips." The chief decided that without that particular journal, the mame : of which our modesty forbids us to men - * tion, the business of the country could not be properly conducted. ' After the race for the KaU'orlie Cup wa< decided in favor of Paul Pry the e was considerable cheering for the owner, and " good old Jackv" shared with the horse the honors of the hour. One man, however, preserved his calm in the excitement. He called out when; Ik; tirst uproar hid subside 1. •" fJuoil old laekv come this way and take your hat off to the handica.per." It will be remembered that the owner of the winner was 'ineoi tiie loudest voiced of those who unfavorably criticised Mr Wilkinson's ad just- /jients. Vet. as the 1 hree top weights filled the places it niav be admitted the handicap wa- a fairly good one. J he writer of t lie 1 oJiowing spells mainly by ear, but his ideas are those of an observer and r thinker :—Sir,—It isia mournful howl as Zenas lets out on t he injustice of putting the publicans through the stamper for their sins. They are an independant body of gentlemen, and a fair lield and no favor will be -all they will be asking. and for a long time thev have made the life of every old woman as sells grog a burden to her and been a trouble to the boys, and they have ruled this country withldrinks a shilling and an iron hand, and some of them would like to be prayed for in church with the royalty. The demonstration that, victuallers are ameanable to the little court we have here is a revelashion. Now the ice has been broken the sly grog b'iys can be trusted to keep the track of the publicans, and the publicans will look in on the sly grog boys when times is dull at home, and by that expense and trouble will be sive to the po ice and everybody be more rich and happy. The publicans are a line body of decent men. and no one would Bay they are n t. Dear sir. hoping you are well, J remain ycur friend P a t r i c k M o i u a r t y , Burbanks. Mr. Purves, the well-known Melbourne lawyer, who is the mos v savage crossexaminer in Australia, is not likely for some time to hear the last of his latest mining investment. -Atticns" in last ''Leader"' writes :—He is the last man one would have expected to be deceived by the guileful machinations of the man out back possessed of nothing but his native impud»nce and a vigorous •• wild cat:" but Mr Purves lent his ear to the seductive whisperings of the delusive stranger, and invested in his mine. The Q.O. continued to invest, but doubts were awakened at last, and a gentleman was sent from Melbourne to see if the stone in the mine would really go 480oz to the ton, the horrib'e suspicion having dawned upon the owners here that perhaps it would not yield more than half that amount. The ori inal proiirittor was discovered in the vicinity of a rural hotel, "quarts" mining, but the fabulous reef has tiiysterious'y disappeared. :>nd it is felr that if would be useless to advriise it amonpt tilings lost, stolen, o- strayed li may intere-t Mr Purves to know, whilst whipping the cat. that a brother prof'-—i-mal once bought a tifth share in an iniajjm try Dunolly mine on the strength of a bay of speci'liens manufactured at Footscray out of a quarter of a ctvt of quart?: and «n old goid brooch. Tne fund started by" New York Herald" 1o relieve the necessities of Mark Twain was not liberally supported. The public regarded the appeal of tlie " Herald' as another joke of the great humorist. Nobody believed that Mark Twain could be in want, if it were so help would be promptly given. The people waited for word from the humorist before subscribing. It came two weeks after the fund had been started. Mark Twain had apparently tacitly concurred in the scheme to raise money for the payment of his publishing debts But the " Herald" did not proceed on this line. It ap| ealed for aid to relieve the humorist* personal ne.essities. and it got £'>00 from Andrew Carnegie on this score. Now the ivhole thins has tumbled through, andJames Gordon Ceunett is regarded as a very ridiculous bui wellmeaning pe son in the eyes of the public. Mark Twain writ-s to the - Herald" :— •• 1 made no revelation to tny family of your generous und-riaking in my behalf and for mv relief from debt, and in rbat 1 was wrong. Now that they know all about the matter, they contend 1 have no right to allow my friends to help me while my health is good an t my ability to work remains ; that it is not fair to my friends and not justifiable. and that it will be time enough to accept help when it shall be proven that I am no longer able to work. I am persuaded that they are righr. While they are grateful for what you have done, i.nd for the kindlyinstinct which prompted you, it is urgent that the contributions be returned to the givers with their thanks and mine. 1 yie'd to their desire, and forward their request and my endorsement of it to you. 1 was glad when you initiated that movement, for I was tired of ttie fact aDd worry of debt, but I recognise that it is not permissible for a man whose case is not hopeless to -liii't his burden- to other men's shoulders.'' At the time this intimation was received, the fund had reached 293Sdol.. or close on £t>oo. This amount will now be iiiL r loriou*lv returned. Copy of a letter received by John Forrest at Colombo: <"ome back .loin) ! It make- a man winder. To think of the sights that von've seen. And how did they treat you " down under ." And what did you think of the Queen .' Well, the cables have told us about you. With the rest of the salt of the earth : But. old man. we've been lonely without you, And you're terribly wanted in Perth. Brother Alec declares that it's splendid, The way Witt'noom's been running < lie realm, But the line weather's just about ended. And it's time yor. were back at the helm. Some of the new members are beauties : And they'je scheming, for all they are worth To make ducks and drakes of " the duties. 1 ' And raise dreadful ructions a' Perth. They've been saying sharp things iu the papers, Of the gau.es thai the Law has been at. Aud the men who doom prison escapers To a dose of the barbarous oa'." High time you were back. .John, to hear it. And to blush for the land of your birth. And your colleagues who keep up the spirit. Of the ' Swan lliver System ' at Perth. There's that Water Scheme. John, you must drop it, For the country won't stand it, old man. There's a rumor atloa'—you must stop it. In quick rime, or nobody can— That our Treasury cash hox sounds hollow. That of Government funds there's a dearth, All this smoke nivalis a llaie-up to follow : And that's why you're wanted in Perth. Do you ever think, John, with contrition, When you're pacing the hurricane deck. Of those pledges of mine law revision. That you made them ht home "through your neck"/ Are there things that you wished you'd left undone, When you ponder at night in your berth .' Ah ! promise is one thing—In London. Periormance another—in Perth. Come back from the land where tliev pamper Their guests with rich Mansion House chec, Come back to our tinned dog anddampet Corned beef and colonial beer ! May your shadow, John, n-ver diminish. But grow with your years and your girth : And take ray last tip, as I finish, Yon are wanted d d badly—at Perth. '• Geraldton Express."' An English paper, writing of Tom Burrows, the club swinger, says he was born at " Ballina, Victoria, New South Wales.'' But it forgot to mention that his mother was a native of Glamorganshire, Perth, Edinburgh. Hampshire, Ireland, and that his pa came from Lancashire in Wales, where the famous Coventry iron foundries of Mr Hcnrv •JameB Screw Chamberlain turn out such -.vondeiful Bradford cheeses, which have made the Isle of Wight famous all over France and the continent of Kurope. in Aria, The wire is often a source of joy and i;neunscioiis humor. Mark Twain once made « n )te in his diary, when in Germany. by way of remembering a " Times " cable comicality—to wit :— i" QUEENSLAND NEWS." Lady Mary Ferguson, wife of Sir James Ferguson, at Gympie. on Wednesday, was safely delivered of twins, one a s n. Then lower down came :— • ERRATUM. Our cable of the birth of twins to Lq ly Ferguson is incorrect. It should read :— Sir James Ferguson on Wednesday last turned the first sod of the new Maryborough —Gympie railway. But funnier than anything, Sir -lames Ferguson was a bachelor. The alien is getting very numerous and very much to the point in his disregard for the superiority of the white man. Last night en route to I he aristocratic suburb of Toorak, we witnessed the chastisement of a Caucasian by .a .Jap. The "go" was not quiie fair one. since the Jap had a stick and was assisted by two or th'ee of his countrymen to make things unpleasant for the citizen of this country who bad been disturbing the Sabbath calm of a cool druok shop at midnight, or in some similar way annoying the human lacquer-ware. On the approach of a relief party the Japs desisted, and. seeing they were outnumbered, proceeded to. retreat. But the all-conquering wh'te man was not to be dtnied. He got to his feet in short metre, and attacking one of i he enemy in the rear lifted him a yard from the earth with a well-bestowed kick. He s ruck the other just wher« the chicken gets the tomahawk—HCTOSS the neck—and laid him low. and the last we saw of him he was all out and goins strong with the last of the Japs about six lengths to the good in front of him He vanquished and overcame his enemies, but there is little doubt had he not been reinforced when he was the Japs would have given him a pretty beating. A BALLAD OF FIFTY THOUSAND DRINKS. •'Fifty thousand drinks require to be sold before the local publicans clear the cost of their licenses" !Tis a weird and wondrous -lory for a bard to ponder o'er— Fifty thousand "stagger-juices." neither less and neither more. Fifty thousand glasses rising, fifty thousand mouths that gape. Fifty thousand breaths perfumed by product of the malt and grape. Fifty thousand glasses ringing with a simultaneous crash, Fifty thousand hurried gropings for the necessary cash. Then, the army wanders onward of another drink in quest. And the licenses are paid for. and the publicans at rest. Listen to that roar appalling, like the breakers on the shore ! 'Tis the cataract that's falling, falling, falling evermore. Quenching thirst of dusty toilers, lightening the widow's woe, Carrying its consolation where no other kind can go. Fifty thousand griefs forgot as fifty thousand drinks are quaffed ; Fifty thousand sighs are smothered, fifty thousand laughs are laughed— And the countless band of boosers glory to Silenus give. That the public-house may prosper and she licensee may live. What a chance of wholesale mashing ! Fancy fifty thousand smiles! Fifty thousand beauteous barmaids smiling on for miles and miles ! Fifty thousand kisses, stolen in the parler's friendly gloom, Echo through the startled stillness like the very crack of doom. Think of it ye poor abstainers! Oh the rapture ! Oh the bliss ! Fifty thousand kisses rolled in one wild cumulative kiss ! So the landlord smiles, and Flossie spreads anew her silken mesh. You must ante up the shekels if yon want your pouud of flesh. —" Croydon Golden Age." 