A FATAL MISTAIKE, V OR s MARRIED IN HASTE. 2 ii -:theauthor of "Shiea," "Weeds and a Flowers," etc., f CHAPTHR XI. fI ANDL AND' HEIR. CRACIKDD ? BATTERY. ,Towv," niid Walter, as, the wagon p.ra'oac.hd the town, "we will descend, whicudh wilW'e for ydu,"my poor Gipsy -as he, with the unceremonious friend liness of his 'profession, had dubbed )Almi-"which will be for you a matter 'of some little difficulty. ]etter do it 'n'ow than in the Biriggate. One ques tion.-do you fear pursuit?" "I do." "And arc you certain none of those we have come in contact with know who you are?" "I am sure they cannot." "And they have no idea who I am, so we are safe froam discovery that way. I defy a phalanx of them to re cognise me this evening, should a taste for the drama lead them to the theatre. Hullo!" This last word was addressed to the 'carter, as Walter stood up aud peeped out of their nest. "Hullo!. Stop a moment. All right. Now give us a hand. Help down the lady. So-so!!-gently. Get your feet on the wheel. Are you safe?" He saw she was, so, light as a cat, lie let himself down to earth, and stood on terra firma, shaking his clothes free from their contact with the hay. Refreshed by the ride, the morning air, ,and, we must admit the fact, the adventure-taking it in a pleasant point of view, without, for the moment, looking either back or forward-Omi iwas bright and smiling. Her companion gazed admiringly at her. She was ten times handsomer than he thought her the -past night, but, with true manly feeling and deli cacy, he forlore to say anything ex cept that she seemed refreshed and 'better. "I knows all about tin'!" ejaculated the carter, with a significant snigger. SCOmi's colour faded in a moment. Could this man be acquainted with her pIerscnal appearance and name? "I secs," conntinuhd the man, with a broad grin; "you be two loviers as wur runnin' away to get spliced. The lass turney coy loike, an' wudn't; now she wull, an' ye be goin' to th' passon in Leeds- eh?" Omni slipped a coin into his hands. "Just what I was going to do, my dear," whispered Walter. "Well, its all the same," and he winked at the carter. "You're a shrewd chap, you are," he added, "and can see through a milestone. D'ye know Farmer Prices, t'other side o' York?" "Noa; never heerd of him." "Well, if you should, and 'hear that his daughter has stolen a march upon him, don't say you saw her-that's all." "Blame me if I do!" was the harm less oath of allegiance to this supposi tion cause. "And the way to the old church, my man?" "Up that road, down the lane to th' left, an' there ye be." "Thank you. Good-day, and safe return." "Good luck to 'e-good luck to the loikely wench!" shouted the carter, as Walter, giving his arm to Omi, trotted 'briskly euway. "Forgive me, Gipsy, if I have used too great freedom of speech in speaking of you; but 'all the world's a stage,' you know, and we've played our part out well to that simple Yahoo." "And Farmer Price?" enquired Omi, who felt a new world before her every moment. "A myth. By the way, do you think there will be a hot pursuit after you?" "I really cannet say; but I fear so." "Advertisements, and all that sort of thing?" "You don't think I shall be adver tised, do you?" asked she, trembling with alarm. "I shouldn't wonder; indeed, I should if they did not." "Oh, let me leave the country at once. I shall die if he should dis cover and take me back." "Don't be: terrified, Gipsy; it is ne cessary that I should know your dan ger. 'Poor child! to have dreamed alone of escaping, innocent and ignor ant of the world as you are. You really, thefi, are resolved to go forward, and not back?" "Yes-oh yes; more so than ever." "'Good. Then trust to me. I 'will tatke care no one shall find you. Here 'we are,-at Amtanda's lodging. We are tafe anow." T1hey had traversed a long, narrow lane, at the end of which wei'e three or four smiall, unpretending, they might have been termed, very humble houses, 'yet clean in appearance. Waliter rapped at a door, which 'was opened by a stout, good natured-looking woman. Omi had dra~wn down her veil. "You're more of 'the company, sir, I suppose?" she' said, in no manner sur prised 'at t'he hlour of their arrival. "Yes, Mrs. Coolk, we are. Miss Amanda is here, is she not?" "'Game at four o'clock this morning," was the reply. "A whole earriage full of them, sir. This house and the next is all a-breakfasting 'in 8M'lss ~Amnndn's room." "Then, show us up, if you please." "Not me-not me," w'hlspered Oml, 'In alarm, shrinking back. "What will (they think of me? I don't knew them." "Never mind that, Gipsy. You'll see what a jolly set we are." Taking hem liv the hand, her strange protecter led, almost dragged Cmi up stairs, aftem the landlady, who threw open the door of a room on the first fleer, 'whence issued 'crunde of laughter and mteririmnnt, united to the clinking of cups and spoons, lnives and forks. anything hut unpleasant to the 'Ira vellers at thme door. A shout of welcome assailed Walter, as 'h'is figure a'ppearc& in the doorway; and various questions as to hna" he had arrived to late, hiving left Wakefield in the expectation of reachina' Leeds two 'hours carlier than they; how had they misseo him on the road, etc., mingled with animated descriptions of their delightful drive; the clieapness, by clubbing together; 'their apprecia tien of a good 'lreagfast in Amtancla's roomny syt' then cegriy a dead pause, and an enquiring look at poor, trembling a Omi. Still holding her hand tightly, lest she should attempt to escape, Walter A led her up to where the heroic Amanda ii sat enthroned at the head of the table, r in command of the most extraordinary m assemblage of irregulars, in the shape c of cups and saucers, plates, knives, and forks, that ever was beheld. No regiment, after the hardest day's fighting, ever looked so ragged and dis- i memnbered as her breakfast equiplage, r Scarcely a cup possessed a handle, er I a saucer without jagged edges, as if each hungry individual 'had bitten a piece out of it. "Amanda.!"- exclaimed Omiers pro tector, in this most melodramatic tone, ''to your kind 'heart and judicious care I confide this child of mystery."' Scone one of that odd collaction placed a chair for Cmi 'beside hi:r new protectress, who, while gently' paching her into it, with the disengaged hand raised her veil. A murmur of surprise and approval greeted the pale, agitated face exposed to view. "Very nice-very nice indeed," said "t Amanda; nodding to Wailter. "And. so this is to be a new constellation in our a sky? I see your are nervous, my dear; e you'll soon be like ourselves. What's eher name, Walter?" "o te . e ae atr1'e "Gipsy," he answered. "No other given, or required, I hope?" "A capital one for the bills," said t a little, stout, pomipous man. " 'The e Gipsy to-morrow lit as Lady Mac t beth.' Figure good, 'lltoughtful cohin tenance; just suited for it. 'First t, Singing Witch, the 'Gipsy.' Do you 'd sing, my dear?" (to Omi). Without is awaiting a reply he ran on: " 'First .h Singing Witch, 'by the Gipsy.' If you sing, my dear, 'Between the acts a ig bravura by the Gipsy. After the tra le gedy, a comic song by the Gipsy;" at and-" it, 'SHold your tongue, Smiles," ex ni claimed Amancla, authoritatively. "Don't you see you're frightening the at poor child to death? What does she er know about dohbliungand comic songs? it, Let her have her brealkfast now, and li- leave her to me. It's only our mana x- ger, -child" (this was to Oami), "he can ad never forget the shop. A cup, a cup, my kingdoim (for a cup!" ed At this cry Amanda's subjects, for she seemed 'a'queen among them, bestirred it. themselves to obey her call; and one, er apparently dropping to [pieces with old age and hard 'work, was placed before ai Omi, filled with 'the mnost refreshing ur beverage in the world-tea. .as Still the poor girl was almost afraid he to touch it. She began to question in whether, from1, Walter downwards, -they were not lunatics around her, for she suddenly recalled her meeting with my 'him, and 'his insensate endeavours to ts assassinate the trunk of a tree with a lie walkinig-sticac. And what proof had on she that these were actors. Surely, =h she thought, the kings and queens of er the stage must be different to these odd beings'? This agitated state of feeling and at uncertainty was in noi measure re mn moved by hearing disjointed portions of conversation 'around her about the n- propriety of a certain dark-complex ii- ioned gentleman, whom he dare not name, having or not harving a limp; iy and this was discussed as if the disput ants were personally acquainted with i' that most terrible personage. Breaking in upon this came morsels te of another mooted question. "I tell you," said the little pompous lie Mr. Smiles, "she never could tear her as bonnets and dresses to pieces, beat her Ad maid, and threaten her 'husband; now, Pauline would be far better." ad "Psbaw! Pauline! she'd never fall In ig love with the gardener's 'son; she has 5,' not sentiment enough in' her face to rt do that, looking the character." "You'll make something of her at ii, last," laughed a 'young man. "Why ry not black 'her face, and make her dance in the showman's 'booth, in the 'Green ik Bushes?' " ?" "I ought to know-I ought to know!" cried Smiles, angrily. "I've had green of wood enough pass through my hands, and become- " .r- "Dried fagots!" interrupted a voice. ig This conclusion to his sentence created a loud laugh, which so much Id irritated the manager, that he leaped from his seat, and, approaching Omi., at said hastily "s- "My dear, trust yourself to me; "I'll give you fifteen shillings a week to be e- gin with, and if that isn't fair I don't n- know what is." ed "Fair enough, when she receives it, r- I make no doubt it will be," inter in rupted a privileged jester, as mnuch so 'd, as if he were a lcing's-uie "low. conlic" of the troop. "But," 'he 'aidded, "very foul .when Saturday comes, and no re Ill ceipis; I ibeg 'pardon, 'one there always re is ;open for our perusal and study re the equine essay ocf feeding a 'horse on a straw." sw "Frizzle!" exclaimed Mir. Smiles, ee angrily. "Did I over defraud you? sy Did I ever, as you insinuate, feed you le cs-nothing, wvhea I possessed means?" er "Never!" emphatically answered the >y other, his hand on- his 'lheai't; "but 1.when you hare no means, what about the straw. Aren't 'we forced to pine I tice it?" r- "Long live the profession!" ex claimed a walking 'gentleman, who cer se 'tainly looked as if he were 'in 'training to carry ass little flesh as possible, and ,"wini an ty ra~ce-"long lire the profes ill aies! When vie d'o get a full feed of ct corn, to. follcrr up your simile, my 's friends, how' fell of =banns we are at night! I feel as if G'arriclc had bean a fool to me!" ti, 'During the colloquy, 'Mr. Smiles, :11 wh'o 'had turned indignantly away, was w pouring sweet hopes and promises into Omi's ear. '11 "I'll malce a Siddons or a Vestris of you, as 'the case may be, my dear. ;e With your face and figure I'll mace a p- sisi' of you; never trust ma again if w I don't. We're working our way to st XV-; once there, you shall take a ax' benefit-n cleai' one, all expenses first ig paid; and with your pretty face, and s, the regiment qurarered there, if you 1- dcn't draw 'a. full house, why, I'll eat it, thlat's nil!'' r, "Eat 'what, Smiles-the house or tihe ;benefit?" td "The benecdt! the benefitl!" cried Id half a dozen voices. "What with lights, Is the orchestra, carpenters, why he'll ed swvallow it wltnole!" "Never muind them, my dear," said >f Smulles, addressing Omi. "Say the a, word-is It a bargain?" 1- "Leave her alone, Smiles," said 'a Walter, gently interposing 'between' the'* d really terrified Omi and the energetle manager. "Let her become use to us, before you try on the shop." "Smiles, you know me!" exclaimed Amanda, dramatically waving her hand. "This poor Gipsy has been placed under my care. I won't haive her tormented. Never mind them, my dear." "But what does it all mean, ma'am?" asked Omi, in a whisper. "Mean? Why, that you have fallen ar into the hands of a set of poor players, d c1iho often hve'n't a shilling among h them, but are never too. low in spirits, t, whatever they may belin pooket.i not to ""Mope for its possession; who try their utmost everywhere, and become, if c possible, poorer at every stage of the 11 journey." "But," asked Omi, in amnazeipent, s "how, then, do you live? Are. you in depeiudenl?" f "Bless the innocent girl! Indepen- 1 dent, quotha,! yes, of money in any 1 shape, sometimes. We live, and are fed and clad, that', all I can 'tell you. s 1 We're not like lilies of the field, for I we work very hard; but, like them, we get c1odhIng 'somehow, blhough -not w of the finest always. Come among us; o you'll like it, and do well, I promise r you." This ;ias not a very brilliant pros s pect; but all seemed to think the fifteen shillings a week, when' it could r he 'paid, very excellent to begin with. So Omi was compelled to think so too, d as soon as she was fully miade to under ,e siand with wihlon she was, and the work she would have to do. 1\. "And why not?" she said to herself. It "Who 'would dream of -seeking for me u among these strange, but merry it players?" st. One great point for Omi Hwlas, Walter ru gave them to understand, thati the a "Gipsy" was to 'be to all, before and be ' hind the scenes, a dhilld of 'mystery; and in that character, without requir ing any olther, she became one of Mr. _- Smiles's company. y. Amanda at once threw her protec 1e tion around her, 'and procured a closet as -we must truthfully call it so-within 3z her own room, wh'ere Omi was at once ea installed. Obi: felt arbashled. wher a- Walter placed her small bundle beside` tn her on the floor, as her wardrobe; but P, much' of the shame of so slender an equipment was removed by the utter in Ll difference of everybody, and aibsences ad of amazement. Amanda alone said Le, "We must manage to procure you a Id few stage things, my dear. I travel re 'as ligh;tly as 'possible myself." ig "I ilave money to 'buy clothes," 0mnt hsastened to say. id Amanda put her finger to her lip, an and just 'glanced round. sy "Much?" she asked, in a 'whisper. he "Thirty 'pounds ,in money, and-" th "Hush! Don't breathe a word of it to to any one, my dear. Does he know a of it?" Id Amanda glanced 't'owards Walter, y, who was busily engaged 'in an animated of discussion. Id "Yes; I told him all." "Well, tell no one else; he's safe. id Now," shie exclaimed, rising from her e- Chair, "we will disperse to our several as 'avocations and homes, if you please, ee ladies and gentlemen. I am going to x_ sleep till rehearsal; Gipsy will remain ot with me." P; And thus Omi Devereux, hours be nt fore 'her disappearance threw Mere th -lands into a state of consternation, was installed In a truckle bed, in a closet Is six feet square, sleeping, as only a girl of her age and disposition could have as slept under the circumstances. er Most gladly did she avail herself of er tlhes concealment offered her, 'wi'thout, w, however, any Idea of remaining per manently with the strange companions In among 'whom she had found refuge; as yet nothing better, she felt, could have to happened than her encounter with Walter Bradghaw, for who at Mere at lands 'would dream of seeking her In ay such company? And, after assisting ce at Amanda'b various disguises, char en actee's, paintings, patchings, and tran sitions, she felt secure in herself that r» no one at home seeing, would recognise en her, when her time came so to disfigure Is, nature. "Can you see in that glass, ma'am?" ,e. asked Omi, h1a surprise, as she assisted ce at Amanda's toilette that evening. ,h -"Surely no one has colour up to the ad eyelids? and, oh-! such' a quantity on zi the cheek?" "My dear, I dare say you have heard '11 of blushing up to the eyes. Well, it e- is necessary so to steimulate colour be 't hind those most trying foot-lights. See blow the rogue makes my eyes sparkle t, -eh? Go to the front of the house r- when I am on, Gipsy, and you'll see so that I am pale as a ghost." c" And -on want anotheir daub of coarse ry paint closie 'beneath the eye 'with the ~. h-are's foot. ys (To be Continued in our next.) 