MARTIN CASH ; k ? or: THE' ' OUTLAW OF TABLEMOUNT.. N [COFTEIOHT.] An Historifiab Narrative of the j : ;Ea^f-y Days, from. tiie Diary ? of art^ OH£ Colonist. (IN SEVENTEEN PARTS.) PART XV. ?? _ Cash was Qn , watch in the outer cave during the early hours on the morning ? of the 6th of February, 1842. The : mists of morning' were just lifting before the first rays of the sup and he walked ? ' io the' entrance to loot out. He had barely reached it when a bullet struck the rock beside him, the lead splutter ing around, and the. next instant the dead silence was broken by, the report' of the explosion which echoed and re echoed amongst the cliffs and ravines . as though fifty muskets had been dis charged. J' retreat had been discovered. ; It did not need the chiefs call to alarm Kavanagh and Jones. They were on their feet in a moment, fully armed, and hastened to the outer cave where Cash stood sheltered behind a, ledge of a rock. From the smoke which rose it could be -seen ,the shot came from immediately in front and' not more than eighty yards distant. The bushrangers were at bay, but the attackers,, whoever they were, could not make up their minds what' to do. The only approach to the cave was along the nr rrow chasm already men tioned, and with the armory the oiit laws . possessed they could shoot down fifty foes in succession. For an hour an anxious watch was kept, and at last Cash saw a small por tion of a red coat projecting ftom - a rock or boulder about one hundred1 yards distant. It was evident they were attacked by (he military, but that -y. fact' did not alarm them. The soldier, quire unaware he was exposing himself, moyed a little further round until his right' shoulder and side were com pletely visible, and the leader resolved to'try a shot. ^ With the practice he had in New , South Wales Cash had become a splen did marksman. Taking careful aim he 1 fired arid sent the bullet clean through the luckless soldier's shoulder who fell . - ? baick badly wounded in full view of the convicts. Jones wanted to have an other shot at him, but his companions objected: 1 ? The shot had no sooner been fired __ than a perfect fussilade was opened on | v ' * the cave..- .At least fifty muskets were ^ discharged into it from different points \- but without injury to the inmates. The \- lead scattered- in all directions, and : once or twice a splash struck one or I other of the outlaws but without inflict ; ' , ing injury. The' volley revealed the fact that the attacking party must be of extraor dinary strength. It was not likely all their foes would discharge the muskets at once, so that they must be con fronted by seventy or eighty men. The ; situation was serious, for though the bushrangers were not much afraid of the place being torced by assault, it 1 was certain a regular siege would be . maintained and starvation would force them out. It might even be possible to take the place at night with little loss of life. As evening approached a long con sultation was held between the three men as to the best course to pursue, and it was finally decided to leave the . cave that night by the secret back exit. \- It was quite likely the back might be surrounded with armed men, but in the . . darkness their chances were good. An hour was spent arranging swags of what was considered absolutely neces sary articles. The money was secured ? in thfee equal proportions, each carry ing his share, and the best of the fire arms selected.' An occasional shot was fired at an imaginary soldier just to lei the attackers know they were on the qui vive, and it was generally answered i by a volley. : Immediately it got dark Jones anc Kavanagh went into the inner cave and removed the barriers which concealed the entrance. Kavanagh anc ? Jones. crept- through but could not se- ' any sign of their foes, and the wore . being passed to Cash he joined them .-Each- took his arms and swag, ant headed by the' chief they crept up the ? ' narrow winding passage and soon foun'c ? ' . themselves in the open. Without de lay they began to ascend towards th( summit of the mount expecting ever; ' : moment to be challenged. This did not happen, though, and ii . . half-an-heur's time they were at a safi distance from the cave. Turning ,t( ? the left they carefully descended thi peak until they reached the densi . forest at the base when a halt wa called until daylight. It might b 'mentioned that the' attacking party a the' time consisted of sixty soldiers am civilians, under Lieutenant Thurles and they remained at their posts fo four days. Then information was re ' ceived which showed they were onl ** watching and firing into an uninhabitei j \ cavern. It was never really knowi who gave the information which led th pgrty to the spot, though Dunn wa ? suspected.' The man was weary of th whole thing ajid probable did so. 'Well, lads, what do you advis ? now?' said Cash as he looked roun ?? at his comrades, who were stretched o the ground resting their weary limbs. ' A short life and a merry one, say; We've been driven out of. 01 stronghold and will have to fight at ? disadvantage,' answered Kavanagh. ' Cctuldn't we make for old Apsley place? ? There is plenty of fun to t ? had there,' interjected Jones, (j 'Where is it? Do you know tb '. surroundings?' asked the leader. ' Yes ; I did two years with him and ' ought to know^'the district. He boasts no bushrangers wilt ever get the upper hand of him.' , . ' Then; lead the way,' briefly an swered Cash. v. Apsley farm,- as it wascalled, lay al most dile south of the position where the outlaws started from and nearly twenty miles distant. It was beauti fully situated at the northern base of the Green Ranges and between the Jordan arid Clyde rivers. Apsley — or rather his father — \yas the oldest settler in that part of the country, and it was their boast that for thirty years no suc cessful attack had ever been made on them bv outlaws. Younp Anslev. as he was called, was pot less than fifty years of age, while his father was an octogenarian. ?. ? Almost froni' the' beginning of the settlement Apsley bad relied greatly on dogs as a means of protection, and he kept a pack of ferocious brutes — half staghound . and half bloodhound — at the farm. On -.more than one occasion during the troublous times when bush ranging flourished these canine guards had proved theirjvorth. When Port Arthur prison was built the government obtained their watch dogs for EagfeHawk Neck from Apsley, and they, too, soon'proved their value to the authorities. ?, As the three outlaws made their way through the deep forest in the gully Jones said:- — 'Our worst enemy will be, old Aps ley's dogs. There must be at least a dozen of them — at any rate there were that number when .'I was at the farm. Not only do they give warning but they would as soon eat a man as gnaw a bone. If the dogs are still there we will have trouble.' 'AH the better. It will be a little excitement. We must shoot the brutes or they may lead, to our capture. Can they scent a man ?'. asked Cash. ' I believe they can, though I never saw it tried. There' is a big dash of the bloodhound in them. I've been told they led to .the capture of three bands, but no attack was made on the farm while I ' working there,' replied Jones. ' We will find a way of putting them out of the road, you may depend, and with such foes alive we are not safe,' said Cash. Kavanagh seemed to be of the same mind as his comrades judging by the nods of approval he gave as the con versation progressed. The road — or rather track — which they were pursuing was through almost impenetrable scrub out of which huge trees rose, and progress was necessarily slow. Despite all their efforts not more than ten miles had been traversed when night fell, and they camped on the margin of a tiny though most beautiful lake through which a creek ran to the Clyde. As they were some miles from settle ment they were not afraid to use the guns on the wild fowl which abounded, and soon more than enough was ob tained to supply an abundant meal to the three hungry men. A watch was maintained during the night, but not the least incident to cause alarm took place, and shortly after daylight the journey southward was resumed. Shortly before noon the route was blocked by a tributary of-the Jordan, which was fully forty yards . wide and of considerable depth. So far as could be seen there was no narrower crossing-place to the east or west, and they decided to make a rude raft and cross the stream by its means. This course was suggested by the quan tity of dead timber which lay around. A number of dry logs were soon col lected and bound together by long strips of wattle bark and ropes made from the vine-creepers which abounded. With long poles they managed to pilot this unwieldy raft across the watery ob struction ; but the operation altogethei occupied fully three hours and it pre ? vented them reaching their destinatior , that day. Shortly before ten o'clock next morn . ing they emerged from the forest which . they had been travelling' through fo: . two days and saw before them ar : abrupt hill between six and seven hun . dred feet in height. This they as I cended and got a magnificent view o the surrounding country from its sum I mit. v ; To the east-ran the. Jordan, its coursi , being easily distinguished,- while west 1 ward was that -fine stream the Clyde ; It was to the. South, however, thei j eyes turned, ahd, not more than threi miles distant could b£ seen the home j stead the bushrangers intended- attack 3 ing. r 5 r ...= j Apsley farm was 'in the . centre of ; . peak-like enclosure, and the house an- , outbuildings were '. .most substantiall; constructed. BSsalt was to be fount \- in many: places atound, arid' from thi material the homestead itself and mos „ of the outhouses were erected! j Old Apsley well knew that a woodei B structure simply invited burning whei outlaws saw no other way of overconi s ing resistance from those within. Ii building the old man always had thi t fear of incendiarism before him arid hi j did all that , was possible to avoid it Not only was stone used almost ex clusively but the different erection were separated in such a manner as ti preclude the possibility of one firini ? another. - To destroy them each wouli have to be taken- separately, and eve: n then the utmost difficulty would be e- e perienced in carrying out the intende s destruction. . ? e Since Jones had worked at the firr some alterations and additions wer ® made to the homestead, but on th ' whole it was very little changed. Th n outlaw could see that as he looke down from the hill on it. I 'I don't know' what that roun ir building is close to the haystack. ] a was not there when I left the farm, he said, pointing to a small circul: 's structure about fifty yards from th -e homestead. 'Perhaps it is. a store-room - te dairy,' suggested Kavanagh. 'It's no use speculating about thai we must get nearer. If these dogs come upon us we must use our knives and fight them as silently as possible. Let us get round to the west and we can get through that belt of timber to within a hundred yards of the outbuild-' ings,' the' leader said, pointing in the direction he meant This seemed to be a narrow but rather deep gully which ran back into the forest to the west and no doubt acted as a drainage depression for the flat on which Apsley farmhouse stood. The round stone structure was erected almost at the mouth of the depression and was the nearest structure in that direction. 'I don't see any dogs prowling about,' said Cash as they made their way towards : the place. ' In my time they used to be chained up during daylight and only allowed! .about during the night. I suppose the :same is done now. In fact, it wasn't .safe to have them loose when the men and women. were about at. work,' ex plained Jones. ' It would be awkward to meet the brutes at night I should say,' replied Kavanagh. 'Yes; they very nearly killed Joe ;Mindnerand Bill Harvey, two of the 1 assigned men who tried to take to' the ( bush while I .was there. They nearly got into the gully yonder when the two dogs came upon them and a desperate fight took place. Only for old Apsley ;and his son they would surely have .been killed. As it was, they were very badly injured before the brutes were beaten off. They were afraid to kill the dogs, and that handicapped them a good deal,' remarked Jones. 'Afraid to kill them?' interrupted Cash. 'Then they . deserved death. We'll see how they will fare at our hands. Let us get as near as possible in the daylight and take our bearings :for the night.' ' Why not make the attack before dark ? So far as I can see it will be the safest plan. The dogs will not be loose, and whoever is at the house will not expect outlaws to raid it,' suggested Kavanagh. The idea seemed to impress hiscora .panions, though they did not answer at .the time. - Cash was leading through the scrub, and in ten minutes they came to the extreme eastern edge of ?the undergrowth which was less than one hundred yards from the stone structure mentioned. The wind was blowing strongly to wards them, and this was most favor able as it prevented the dogs hearing or scenting them. A long survey was taken of the outhouse confronting them, and at last Cash said : 'Perhaps that place is used to keep the dogs in. From the ventilation it must be something of the sort. If old Apsley is so fond of the animals, it is quite likely he would house them well, and that is just the position where he would place them. What do you say, Jones?' ' Well, from the door we can see and the low walls it isn'i a stable. If wc could get round a little to'the right we might be better able to judge.' As he finished he pointed to a clump of bushes some fifty yards to the right and partly on the steep southern side of the gully. There was no danger ir getting to it, and to get a better view around they moved to it. What the men saw from their new standpoint convinced them the build ing was a well constructed kennel foi the canine guardians of Apsley farm Even a- dog cannot keep watch da] ' and night without becoming fatiguet and likely to fall asleep at a critica ' moment. The owner of the farm re , cognised this and took steps to kee] : ' his four-footed protectors in good trin during the period they were mos : needed to be watchful. He had constructed the comfortabl kennels with that object in view, bu he was not fool enough to leave th 1 place entirely unguarded during th day. On the east side a huge dog wa chained (outride of course) and severs 1 ' puppies could be seen running in arii ' out through small apertures left for th 1 purpose. ' There, doesn't seem to' be man ' people about the house, and I thin ? your idea, Kavanagh, ought to be actei ' on. If a rush is made there should fe no danger much, unless there is a 2 ambush, and even then we can mar ' age. There is nothing' like boldries: ? and this is a case where we will carr r out the old system,' replied the leadei 5 ' What about the dogs ? Someon might let them loose while we are i r- the house, and then we would have deuce of a job to fight them and kee ^ those inside,' asked Jones. For a few minutes the chief ws j silent. He was thinking over a schem s and it soon matured. t ' We have enough powder here t blow up the homestead,' he at iengt 1 remarkeJ. ' In fact, I was seriousl 1 thinking of leaving some of it behini . because we can always get a suppl J, when we attack a settler's house. M s idea is to blow that place and the do- e in it to pieces. There need be no difl culty in doing so. I'll take half a ke of powder and place it in yonder r s cess of the wall. When I fire the trai 0 and give you the signal make quickl „ for the homestead. Leave the dog c [j the outside to me. It will take half n minute for the train to reach the charj c_ and by that time we will be at tl ^ house. If any of the dogs escape th falling stones it will be easy enough I n shoot them.' e ' How can you do it without beir e noticed by the brutes?' asked Jone e who appeared to be somewhat in av d of the animals. ' The wind i6 blowing from the d and it will be easy enough I think [t screen myself from the one in fror ,** At any rate, it must be chanced, and ir the worst comes to the worst we w ie make an open attack. Just give n about half the powder in this bag ar Mr watch for my signal. When I raise tl righthand make for the house to suppc tj me,' replied Cash. ' MARTIN CASH.— PART XVI. w; Taking about six pounds of gun- SF powder, the leader advanced cautiously Sf but quickly towards the circular build- C1 ing, which was not more than one hun- C dred yards distant, and soon reached it. re There was a small recsss close to the 111 ground in the stonework evidently for w drainage purposes, and into this Cash al inserted the powder. A train was laid out for some distance and the aperture n1 of the recess partly closed by ;a log P' which lay close at hand. When all was ready the powder train ai was ignited, and, raising his right arm th as a signal to his comrades, Cash' drew 51 a pistol and ran round the building. j- The huge dog in front at once espied r- him, but almost ere it could^ bay the tl bushranger fired and killed it.1 r( The distance between this round a structure and the homestead proper was not more than fifty yards, and it b did not take many seconds for so fleet ri a runner as Cash to cover it. Short as was the time, however, the .explosion ti occurred before the door was.reached, w and just as a man, bent almost double tl with age, came to it a terrible blast took fi place. s The volume of smoke which shot up t obscured the greater part tif t)ie struc- s ture for a. time, buCas it'desired a\vay s the full effects of tho-. explosion \yere I apparent. The loosely built stones were hurled and thrown about in all s directions— in fact the place had col- 1 lapsed. The howls of the wounded t and dying dogs were terrific, and the e sight and the noise seemed to paralyze £ the old man who had come to an swer the door, and was no other than c Apsley himself. t ' Surrender or you are a dead man. ' I am Martin Cash, the bushranger. If J any resistance is made I'll not scruple i to take life, so be wise and yield with out trouble 1' the leader cried as he 1 confronted the aged owner of the farm- 1 house. : By this time Cash was joined by his - two comrades, and though several men 1 belonging to the farm made their ap- '- pearance from different places,;: they were all unarmed and entirely at the - mercy of the outlaws. To resist rneant 1 death. They had all heard ot Martin 1 Cash and his comrades and were not disposed to irritate them by useless re- 1 sistance. Moreover, the summary measures taken to destroy the dogs had a salutary effect on them irom the bushrangers' point of view. Every one of the animals had been killed or seriously 1 injured by the explosion and the falling stones, and the sight was a pitiable one as the wounded animals dragged them selves about howling with pain. 1 ' Let me get pistols and put these : poor creatures out of their agony,' ' pleaded the old man as he watched his ; favorite dogs. 'I'll save you the trouble, It's best ! to shoot them, no doubt. Watch these I people for a few minutes,' the leader ? said to his fellow-outlaws as he strode ' towards the kennels. ; There were — so far as he could see — ' six full grown dogs in the place and four puppies. Only three remained ' alive, and Cash soon put them out of ' pain by shooting them. This done, he : turned towards the homestead and be ' gan the serious business of the day. ' 'Muster all your servants in the kitchen, and mind no one is left out,' ' he said to the old man, who Jones told ' him was Apsley. r The latter did not make any demur ' to this order but at once obeyed it. J Indeed, the employees scarcely wanted ; telling, for they turned into a large wing on the south side of the home stead which was used as the kitchen 5 and common dining-room. There | were a dozen male-servants at the farm and three female- servants, but four of the former were in the outfields. . They e had heard the explosion and were now ' returning to the homestead in con e siderable perturbation. Of course they e had no idea of what had really hap s pened, but naturally suspected that the powder which Apsley kept in the ' house had exploded. e Kavanagh, who remained outside, saw these workers coming across the y paddocks, and he went inside until ^ they came close to the house. Then II going out he covered them with his e musket and quickly marched them in n to their prisoner comrades. J* ' I don't see young Apsley amongst '' the crowd,' said Jones to his chief. r ' Where is your son ?' curtly asked g Cash of the old man. n ' My son ?' repeated Apsley . senior a rather startled. ' My son? Olr yes. p He is in Hobart Town. Went away a couple of days ago on business,' he concluded, in a rather jerky sort of is J ' manner. 1 The answer seemed to satisfy the bushrangers, who said nothing further ? on the point but' proceeded to make . themselves as comfortable as possible. J The larder of Apsley farm was well i' -stocked, and Cash ordered the best 7 food in the house to be prepared? for y all hands. He desired to ingratiate himself with the employees, as it was always wise to conciliate them. ^ ' I intend to stop here a couple of n days, Apsley,' he began, ' and in the I meantime I'll take care of your fire ^ arms. Let me have every weapon of 1 the sort in the house, and I can pro a mise you will not be molested. There 'e must be no treachery. If there is, you J® know what will result.' s t0 The farmer spoke to -?ne of the inen, telling him to show the outlaw where the arms were kept, and in ten minutes J® the thief had them all secured in a 's' corner of the large room. These which were loaded he drew the charges from, and that done, he proceeded to do full P1 justice to the excellent repast set before him. ; lj'f There was plenty of strong drink mi placed on the table, but the ou laws were riot foolish enough to indulg ! too j freely in it. In fact, sobriety wa! one of the main factors attending the suc irt cess of Cash's gang. It was now rapidly drawing 011 to ards evening, and the bushrangers c insulted as to the best method of i lending the night. ? They decided to « :t what rest was possible under the' £ rcumstances, and for that purpose c ash told the servants that they could I tire to rest at the usual time, but the. ,en must sleep in the kitchen and the t omen in their otfft quarters. By this t rangemerit two of the convicts would ; s able to sleep while the other one ( lounted guard over the unarmed em- | ioyees. ( This suited the latter well enough, id, truth to say, when they found ] lere was no danger of brutal treat- 1 lent from the outlaws they rather en- ? -yed the diversion. It really meant ] taxation to triem at the expense of , ie master, for while the bushrangers ; ;mained no work would be done. In ddition they would eat and drink 'of ie best, and altogether their lot would e much better than under the ordinary DUtine of life. The only person who looked par icularly gloomy, and indeed vengeful, ras old Apsley. For the first time in tiirty years the farm had been success Lilly raided and his trusty dogs de troyed without him haying a chance 0 fire a shot. Still a look of hope ometimes flitted across his face as he at moocfily before the spacious fire ilace. Cash noticed his dejection, and aid: — 'This is the first time I be ieve, Apsley, you have ever had to en ertain bushrangers. I must say you lo it well, and we will always think ;ratefully of you.' The old man turned fiercely and ex :laimed : — ' You may never get a :hance to be grateful. You've come to \psley Farm, but you haven't got away ,'et. Don't make too sure of anything n this place 1' The outlaws only laughed at the old nan's chagrin and ceased to torment lim. Cash was chivalrous enough to iee his great age should at least pro :ect him from insult. A couple of :iours later silence and sleep was or dered, and soon the inmates of Apsley Farm were either slumbering or trying lo do so. Each outlaw took a turn on ^uard and the night passed without in cident. Cash was in no hurry to leave his comfortable quarters, and decided to remain another night on the farm, as he had stated. ( The convicts did not fear pursuit for several days longer, and their disposition was to tempt attack rather than run away from it. Indeed, the three men intended to have a short life — for they looked upon that as in evitable — and to make it as merry as possible. They did not care to live like wild beasts hunted from one covert to another and suffering priva tions and dangers. During the day the outlaws held high revel Those of the servants who could sing or dance were cempelled to do so, though the compulsion ,was not of a severe nature. Apsley, of course, was not asked to take part in this on ac count of his age, but a careful watch was kept on. him. The old man spent the time wander ing around, and often going to the front door, he would gaze long and earnestly in the direction where Oat lands lays as if he hoped tor succor from that quarter. He had heard of the desperate character of Cash and his comrades, and knew they were quite ready to fight a company of soldiers, as they had done, and that fact occasioned Apsley not a little uneasiness. As evening drew on the same pre parations as were made on the previous night were carried out During the day the outlaws had possessed them selves of all the money which was in place. This, amounted to £64. They had also secured the most valuable of the firearms and additional ammuni tion. A bullet-mould was also taken, their own having been lost Cash decided to take the first watch himself, and this began shortly after nine o'clock — early to bed and early to rise being a maxim practised in Van Dieman's Land in those days by the settlers. The large room where the employees were kept captive was, as already stated, a wing of the home stead, and from its door a good view could be obtained around. | Before ten o'clock the whole house hold was apparently asleep, and the guard passed most of his time walking to and fro just outside the room and in front of the house, taking an occa sional look into the apartment to see that all was well. \- It was while thus engaged shortly after ten o'clock that the silence of the night, which was almost oppressive in its intensity, was suddenly broken by the deep baying of a dog close at hand. The sound appeared to come from the vicinity of the demolished kennels, and the grim warning did not fall unheeded on the acute ears of Cash. Going into the room, he called up Jones. Kavanagh was already sitting up, the sound having awakened him, and old Apsley was also very wide awake and not able to conceal his agitation, though the outlaws did not notice it being otherwise engaged. 'There is something the matter, Jones. We could not have killed all the dogs. There is one outside now, unless ' — and Cash laughed, queerly — ' it is a ghost of one of the brutes we killed.' 'Dogs !' repeated Jones, jumping up. ' Then there is something wrong,' — and he seized his weapons—' Young Apsley must have returned, and we'll have to be careful.' The three men were now very wide awake and fully armed — indeed, almost overarmed. Each had four pistols and two muskets, besides a sort of cutlass. Going to the door, they were speedily convinced there was something wrong as the commotion at the late kennels was considerable. There must have been several dogs, by the noise, and no doubt they had human comrades with them. The night was very dark, and Cash expressed his intention of going to the vest side of the house to try and really iscertain what was the matter. Jones idvised him not to do so on account j( the dogs, but the outlaw chief only aughed at his fears. Kavanagh remained at the outside door, while Jones kept guard over hose inside and rather anxiously iwaited the leader's return. Cash juite knew the risk of discovery he ran, 3Ut he loved danger and was equal to jvery emergency. He had just attained his objective point when he instinctively felt some thing was near him. Both muskets were at full cock and ready for use, but he could not see the foe though he felt one was close to him. He was not kept long in suspense, for in the dark ness a few feet away there suddenly gleamed a pair of fiery eyes, and the next instant, with a low, savage: growl, a huge bloodhound sprang upon the outlaw. He instantly fired, but the shot only slightly wounded the infuriated animal ana the next moment it had iriade a spring at his throat With a sweep of the arm the man kept it from that part, but its fangs fastened into the fleshy part of his left forearm. Dropping the firearms, Cash drew the cutlass .and began to slash the brute. This was a wise act and pro bably saved , his life. Using all his immense strength, a few cuts of the weapon — one of which half severed its body — laid it dying on the ground, and not a moment too soon. He had scarcely time to draw a pistol when an other hound was upon him, but this time his shot was lucky and laid it low. (to be continued.) 