THE FINISHER OF THE LAW. AND HIS FUNCTIONS, THE man most in evidence on Friday, after Butler, was ROBERT HOWARD who for over twenty years has been the chief means whereby many human beings, made in the image of God, have, by man's edict, in New South Wales, been sent into the presence of their Maker. Howard is a very old colonist, close upon 70 years ot age, tall and wiry, with long arms, which seem to have been fitted to him by nature for the gruesome occupation which he now follows, (Continued on Page 3) (Continued from Page 5. In the sixties he would probably be called a handsome man. My first knowledge of this 'Sheriff's Officer' was as the proprietor of a hansom cab, an excellent turn out, from which he earned a respectable living. This was about the year 1870. When I first came in contact with him I occupied a picturesque cottage in Roslyn-street, under an aged fir- tree, which no iconoclast has as yet cut down, at the corner of what was then known as the New South Head Road and Upper William-street, now aristocratically called Bayswater Road. Just across the road was a public-house much frequented by Howard, as a cab-proprietor. Here he frequently pulled up to 'wet his whistle' on his way to and from town. He lived in the neighbor- hood, and was largely patronised by the 'toffs' for as a cabman Howard was clean, respectful, and punctual. Prior to the acci- dent which gave him such a terrible facial disfigurement, Howard and his cab did most of the Government House work, and he was selected for the duties of coachman to the DUKE OF EDINBURGH when that mean scion of Royalty was in Sydney. The facial disfigurement was the result of an accident—a kick from a vicious horse, which literally smashed the nose beyond the possibility of repair. In this, at least, Butler has the advantage over 'Bob,' as the nose of the former was only bent—not broken. Booth, the great tra- gedian, had a broken nose, which gave rise to a lady saying, 'Mr Booth, I admire your acting immensely, but I cannot get over your nose.' Personal and impertinent with- out doubt, but Booth's was a good humored retort, 'No wonder, madame, the bridge is broken.' Howard's nose is, however, too gruesome a subject to joke upon. The acci- dent has fixed upon him a most unpleasant appellation—that of 'NOSEY BOB', by which he is known outside his own par- ticular set. ln his official 'set—the Sheriff's —he is known as 'Howard,' and amongst those to whom he is known to be generous with long beers and whisky, he is addressed as 'Mr Howard.' I met 'Mr Howard' once at a Sydney pub and asked him to join me in a liquor, but he politely declined, prefer- ring to plunk his modest 'thrum' and drink on his own. I somehow boasted of my intimacy with the hangman, and my editor indignantly 'wondered' that one of 'his staff' should drink with the COMMON EXECUTIONER. I modestly replied that I would do many things out of the common, for 'copy.' This mollified him a little, as editors adore good copy, and 'Nosey' Bob's, when you do get it, is always good. Let us hope that when Mr Howard retires from his present 'plat- form' he will take the 'stage' as a lecturer, and give us some of those last dying speeches and confessions which have been confided to him. 'Bob' objects to pressman, as he be- lieves they are always after 'copy,' hence his refusal to join me in a 'wet.' I got the 'copy' all the same. Howard is seen and heard at his best, in his leisure hours, in THE COTTAGE BY THE SEA, which is his own freehold, at Bondi, Here, if the visitor is not a pressman (and he has been taken in more than once), with a bottle of 'Scotch' or 'Irish'—you can have your choice—between you 'Nosey' will enter- tain you for hours, with anecdotes of the last moments of men who have passed through his hands into eternity. The hang- man, on account of age alone, is a fair sub- ject for superannuation if the fund to which it is presumed, as a graded Civil Servant drawing £156 per annum and perks, he is a subscriber, can stand the pull, which is somewhat doubtful. In 1875 Howard was missed from his usual position on the cab rank, and on being challenged by his old friends candidly admitted that he had accepted the billet of ASSISTANT EXECUTIONER, his excuse being that, although (as I know) he kept a neat and presentable turn out and was personally clean and of good character, the Darling Point ladies did not like being driven by a noseless man. Howard gained the 'respect and esteem' of the Sheriff, and when the vacancy occurred was appointed to preside over the DEPARTMENT OF THE NOOSE in the Sheriff's Office, as chief executioner. In this horrible office, Howard is understood to perform his duties immediately before death, with kindness, humanity, and humility. When ordered by the Sheriff to bring forth the condemned, he approaches with a sympathetic word, 'My poor fellow, no one regrets this more than I do'; but he does it all the same, produces his straps, and securely binds the SACRIFICE TO JUSTICE The straps are an idea of Howard's own, and supersede the brutal cords which used to pinch the arms of the condemned. Batholomew Binns, the English hangman, hearing of the 'comfort' of these straps, wrote to Bob for specifications, and the 'noseIess one' accom- modated his British confrere with the straps complete. A humane rule was introduced some time ago, when Glasson was sentenced at Bathurst, which exempts the occupant of the condemned cell from wearing irons on his legs, unless he becomes refractory, or is suspected of suicidal intentions. On being sentenced to death these were rivetted on the ankles by a prisoner blacksmith under the inspection of the master-blacksmith. They were not removed until the morning of execution, when they were 'knocked off' with chisel and hammer, generally by the man who rivetted them on. It may be asked how the man in irons got in and out of his 'pants'. The 'pants' are open at the sides, and button up. An appeal was made on behalf of Glasson, and the irons were dis- pensed with. Condemned men usually die penitent; they nearly all express the belief that they have been 'saved,' yet many of them, as will be seen later on, die protesting innocence, although the most conclusive evidence has been produced against them. If all the men and women hanged in Australia who have protested their INNOCENCE ON THE SCAFFOLD were innocent, then the system of the 'System' has much to answer for. Howard having fixed up his man, 'the mournful pro- cession,' as the penny dreadfuls usually have it, moves towards the scaffold, The 'pro- cession* consists of the chief actor the condemned—with Howard and his assistant on either side, the chaplain leading the way, the Deputy-Governor of the gaol, and a couple of warders bringing up the rear. By a new rule, alluded to elsewhere, on reach- ing the entrance to the scaffold all retire but the hangman, his assistant, and the man to be hanged. The clergyman repeats the prayers for the dying in the doorway, Bob and his mate finishing 'the job' without further obstruction. The modus operandi being that Bob places his man on the trap, directly under the beam, the rope being already in position. If the dying man has anything to say he says it. Howard places a white cap on his head, another invention of his own—the cap, not the head—puts the noose over, draws it tightly, or is supposed to, the huge knot being under the left ear, seizes the fettered hand of the poor wretch, wishes him, honestly, GOD-SPEED, signals the assistant, who pulls the lever, the trap doors spring apart, the man just now full of life shoots through, the body is brought up with a sudden jerk and a life- less corpse dangles before the eyes of the few spectators admitted to witness the scene. The executioners retire to an ad- joining cell until 20 minutes have elapsed, when the gaol surgeon places his hand over the region of the heart, pronounces the man dead, and the MAJESTY OF THE LAW SATISFIED. The hangmen appear beneath the scaffold and Howard, with a knife which might be sharper, but which more resembles a small saw than a keen blade, hacks at the knot until he cuts through, and the corpse falls into the arms of his assistant, and is placed in a wicker basket, carried to the deadhouse —which, by the way, is within fifty feet of the cell wherein Butler was confined prior to his trial—by two prisoners, usually colored Aliens, who are only too glad to earn the glass of rum and fig of tobacco, which are given as a reward for the service rendered. Every prisoner in gaol is under lock and key during an execution. The rope which has performed the function is of the best Manilla, three-inch. Prior to its use, it is made pliable by boiling in linseed oil, and undergoes a test with sand-bags up to the weight of the man to be hanged. After the execution the rope is burned in one of the gaol yards. Formerly it was a perquisite of the hang- man, but one of Howard's predecessors, OLD BULL, so abused the privilege that an order went forth, and thereafter the rope was consumed by fire, the executioner being allowed a sum of money instead. Mr Bull invariably sold pieces of the rope at prices much in advance of the actual value of the hemp. Bull, unlike Howard, was paid by the job, hence the rope became a valuable asset. But he created a grave scandal once, which put an end to the 'Madame Tussaud' busi- ness. When the lunatic O'Farrell was hanged for his wild attempt on the life of the Duke of Edinburgh, at Clontarf, Bull sold the rope in small pieces, getting as much as £5 for six inches of it. I know the man who holds that particular piece. But when Bull had sold the whole of the O'Far- rell rope, he thought the business too good to be abandoned, and bought another rope, which he disposed of to the best advantage. In his 'cups' he let the secret out, and spoiled the show. Since 1870 the scaffold is a fixed structure, placed in an angle of E wing. This wing may be represented by the letter Y, and in the angle of the upper por- tion facing due east, on the first floor, is the platform. The man, or woman, so soon to die is thus enabled to look upon THE RISING SUN for the last time. When 'Nosey Bob' has finished his task the spectators are required to sign a declaration that the execution has been properly carried out, the declaration with the signatures affixed being published in the next issue of the Government Gazette. When Bob and his assistant have disappeared from the scene, Mr Coroner Woore presents himself, and goes through the formality of an inquest, with jurors chosen from outside. A verdict being returned, an order for burial is given; if the dead man be a pauper or without friends, he is buried in the most primitive of coffins, and by the gaol authori- ties; if he be a well-connected individual the body is nominally handed over to friends, who provide whatever sort of coffin they please, but the corpse must be taken direct from the gaol to the mortuary, a gaol warder In private clothes being in attendance to see the rule carried out. This has been the prac- a I « « S e x o z o o fg I i 2 i i tice since the 18th June, 1873, and was brought about in this manner. On the date named NICHOLS AND LESTER were executed for the Parramatta River murders, and their bodies enclosed in ordinary pine coffins, provided by the contractor for pauper funerals. I saw them; they were of the most flimsy description, without any ornamentation. The contractor for the year was one Pople, who also kept a small pub in Waterloo, known as the Morning Star. When Pople received the bodies of the murderers it was too late to convey them to the Necro- polis—Haslam's Creek, as it was then called —and he took them to his little pub, where he placed the coffins on trestles, unscrewed the lids, and exposed the bodies to the admiring gaze of such of his customers as would invest in a 'long-sleever' or a 'Jimmy Woodser.' Nichols and Lester had never held such a levee before. The news reached Sydney, and Captain McLerie, the Inspector General, despatched Inspector Waters and some constables to prevent the further DESECRATION OF THE DEAD. When the police arrived the room was crowded with sightseers, and the throng extended into the roadway. Pople's stock of liquids had been exhausted. No Irish wake could have been more successful; two historic corpses had been provided, and the fun went fast and furious. There was no more sympathy for Nichols and Lester than there is for Butler. The police quickly cleared the premises and took charge, but it was too late that night to make a move, and my old friend— non-official, mind you— Detective Bloomfield, now caretaker at the South Sydney Morgue, with another, was left in charge. He has many times told me how he slept on the coffin-lid of Lester, while his mate made his bed of down 'a-top of Nichols,' the only 'consolation' they had being a bottle of James Hennessey's *** brandy, to which, during the intervals, they did ample justice. In the morning a hearse was procured, and a start made for the mortuary station. Coming up hill, near where the public school now is, the horses 'jibbed,' and refused to budge an inch, The hearse, an old and ramshackle one, lurched like a ship in a storm. At one plunge made by the horses the door burst open, and out into the roadway tumbled the coffin containing the remains of Lester, the lid broke open, and for the second time since the execution the body of the murderer was ex- posed to view. By gentle persuasion the horses were induced to move ahead, and the procession in due course reached Rookwood, where the remains were in- terred. When Mr Charles Cowper was in office Nosey Bob's spare time was taken up in sweeping about the Courthouse at Darling- hurst, and keeping the buggy, horse and har- ness of the Sheriff in order. Mr Cowper had residential apartments at the Courthouse, and stabled his horses there. The ex-sheriff had also a weakness for giving dinners to their Honors the Judges in his banqueting room at Darlinghurst, in imitation of the dinners given by the High Sheriffs in Great Britain to Judges on circuit, and on the green plot within the railings in front of the Courthouse might at times be seen many fat turkeys awaiting 'execution.' These, it is understood, were Mr Howard's 'pets,' his chief care being to see them duly fattened in order that they might do full justice to the appreciative appetite of their Honors. I believe it was Sir Frederick Darley who put an end to these dinners, which somehow recalls a story told of Brummell, who had been invited to dinner to the house of a man who had made his money in trade. When asked next day how the affair had gone off, Brummell replied, 'Oh, excellent, everything was perfection, but the damned fellow would sit down with us.' It is also understood that one of 'Nosey's' many duties about the court-house is to keep the cutlery in order—the cutlery used by jury men while kept together during the hearing of capital cases. It gives one the shivers to think of it! Twelve men are determining the fate of a man who may pass through Nosey Bob's hands, and while doing so are eating food with cutlery cleaned and scoured by the same hand. That's not so bad, how- ever, as eating turkey fattened by the same hand. Still, Mr Howard, apart from his public duties, is looked upon as a model man. He is rich, hospitable, and charitable (charity, you know, covers a multitude of things). Mr Howard drives daily from his marine residence at Bondi, in his own trap— he is used to 'traps.' He owns his freehold at that fashionable suburb, has his name on the municipal and Parliamentary rolls, and may yet become an alderman or a member of Parliament. Mr Howard's bank balance is not allowed to remain idle. He has the reputation of being the largest money-lender in the Civil Service, at moderate interest, with good security. Who the borrowers are is not so well known. The late Senior-Warder Longford imparted to me many acts of charity done by 'Nosey Bob,' without the hope of ever getting his money back, or any other reward than mere thanks. It is said that there is good in all things, and perhaps there may be some good in a common hangman. Bob has 'little weaknesses' occasionally. At one time he had certain favorite houses of call, where good liquors were sold. In his first official years the publicans did not care for his custom. At one house out Waverley way, where 'Nosey' called regularly, the landlord always broke the glass after the hangman finished his drink. As 'Nosey' was a con- stant customer this practice became expen- sive, and the publican had a cupboard con- structed in which were kept a special set of measures for the sole use of 'Bob.' Under the law a publican must not refuse a sober man liquor, even though he be THE COMMON HANGMAN. Howard found out the special arrangements made for his 'comforts,' and gave the house best. Without offence to the proprietors, his favorite houses may now be mentioned. For his 'local' drinks he uses Mrs. Ryan's, at the corner of Oxford-street and Bourke- street, where he may be seen—unofficially— almost daily. Mr. Riley's, at the corner of Elizabeth and King streets, where he gene- rally 'irrigates' while waiting for a tram, after probably having had an official 'dust- ing' from the Sheriff, and as a last call on his way home the Brittania Inn, opposite the Victoria Barracks, where his trap, occa- sionally with a lady in it, may be seen drawn up. Of Howard's home life little is known; naturally his neighbors do not call and leave their cards. His cottage is remote from any others, near the mouth of the main sewer, and his 'occupation' precludes him from making many friends. At one time he used to rear pigs, and made coin out of them, but pork fattened by the hangman was as unpalatable as turkeys stuffed by the same individual, and HOWARD'S HOGS, dead or alive, were at a discount. It is said that after his acceptance of his horrible billet his wife and daughter died of broken hearts, a son keeps him company in his lonely home by the sea. Lonely? Can he be lonely, who has to keep him company the ghosts of some SIXTY CRIMINALS, whom he has jerked into eternity? I can picture the old man, in all his hideous de- formity, with his long, thin, grey locks flickering in the wind, listening, at evening, to the roar of the Tasman Sea outride, or the music of the gently rippling waves with- in, the bay, and conjuring up each form of the long line, from the wretched aborigine hanged for rape— JOHNNY McGRATH TO FRANK BUTLER, whose earthly career he had had a hand in ending. In his softer, mellow moments, when his ugly visions have vanished, I can imagine him dreaming out the old melody more or less applicable to his life— Childhood's days now pass before me, Forms and scenes of Iong ago, Like a dream they hover o'er me, Calm and soft as evening's glow, THEN I knew no shade of sorrow— Life was but a dream to me— Joyful hailed each coming morrow, In the Cottage by the Sea. 