NOYffik A Judicial Error. Bj Marion Manville Pope. , CHAPTER I. The osaal crowd had gathered in the gaol oourt-yard,— reporters, offloera of the law, a priest in black robes, the attorney who had oondnoted the defenoe and who believed in the Unooenoe he had failed to establish, the . staff of physioiaus, and the one loyal, faithful ; .-;? - -friend \of .the condemned man, who had J/Biii:.'.--'. Jnarfihed-witjijhimlrojii.toe murderer's oell, *^? Jow^ttieiwdtolaVaiiauDW. «t»o* '«»*- MMSaiMmWanl&e;^ew :-M«f mnmrmb, Utt. : This y^,;-^frj;n^v^^.p^h.jMaDompM6d i^^ftffi|boMlS'b»»ine^if £ii 'to ?: : ;-1» there in one oapaoity or another, there \- were absolutely no spectators. All the mere morbidly curious had been rigorously ex ' . ' ? eluded. The attorney for the defence— . 'Absolute' Johnson, a- his friends on the benoh called him, nioknaming his baptismal title, Absalom, to fit. the qualities of his oharaoter with gooirhumored aptness — was speaking to a reporter for the ' Star.' ' Mr. Blotwell, you are about to witness a legal murder.' . ? ? ? The reporter, who had been mightily im pressed by the lawyer's masterly summing, np of the ease,, rubbed the lobe of bis ear withalead.penoil and Looked troubled. 'You still believe him innocent f' . ' A* t am, or as yoaate. o£ that crime.' ' How do you know it, Mr. Johnson P he asked, eagerly, transferring the point of his penoil to the pad. Absolute JoUnion lifted big hand protest ingly. ? Now I am not talking for print, rveaaia all I had to say in publio, anoV God knows! wish it had been enough. That man jj being hanged by a chain of oiroum- . ?tantial evidenoe absolutely ?without break/ and , absolutely . false in every link. 1 couldn't prove it, but I know it/ This was said so earnestly and so feelingly that the reporter forbore to jot it down. Nevertheless lie repeated his question. ' How do you know that P' ; . The lawyer regarded him moodily for a ? moment. .-? ? . ' Toung man, llow do you know the sun shinesFV.' ' Became I Bee it.' 'Exaotly. H 1 should take you into a dungeon now yon would no longer see it, but you would know it was still shining, wouldn't youf ?Of course I should.' ? . - ?? ' Very good. We know it is shining : we can prove It. Now why is it shining f The reporter, who was young and who had not delved deeply enough into phydoal eoieaoe to hare a pat— even if a fallacious— answer ready, was silent. ? ? ?ft has fight, it has heat, therefore it is presumably* molten ball. It is fire. Why : ,&*tflrejnste»dofwaterr '. -.?-'? ?'.'.?.???; ?'??SiS.' '^**ak;me- omethiug easy, Mr. Johnson.' : irtf'V' -^KImolhergro^Tnen1^'bW'ai»8n6B- J ' , ing bapltal panisbment in itubdtied Toioes. : =?? '? ;.?????? ?? i| you want to go baok to the ' law of ' Hoses;' iaid one, 'and begin harping -about an eye for an eye and 4 tooth for a tooth; - parhipi you can find some justification for it Bnt the laws of Moses ?were built for barbarians ' who- didn't know 'what a moral was Nmtil yon op^ied their' heads with a hatohetiogettheideain: -SnohlaVsought to be relegated to the DatkAgee, where they belong.' ? , 'tio'-bturht -the orime'of murder/ 4aid one ofhiitttoneni: ' . ?' ' No idoabt^but two wrongs don't make one right. We are aboat to do the same filing * that - we are hanging tiiis man for doing. Taking his life does not bring baok the life he took. I tell yon capital punish ment is a pemioioas thing. If s morbid. It's 'unhealthy. I believe that the gnilld tint, and the sight of the blood It spiled in P*ris, hare dobs more, - humanely speaking, to lower the moral tone of Franoe than all the erimts pnt together that' ware ever com mittod in her boundaries elnw the aboliih iMirtoftortttreMdtteraok. ;Er»ry witness of an exeoution U haunted by it for days. ' He thinks about It; lie talks about it. The ? morbid ttwellinir upon the thought of Uking huinsu life spreads. It'eUkepoblUhingth? ? ??'_. pictures of criminalfl. :,vit tjokles the' ranity pf the 'vjojous, who areiibt' wise eaoogh to disorinwtebetwe^promineniieandnotoriety. butgo^nforer*r-«nrusingtK8fam'e ol the . one with iheiUiamool the other. It's de / t moraliiing. It tends to 'vice. Snppote a; .-..':,; man is prored innocent after he has been J, condemned and :eieeutedr .-.:?? xThespeakerwasmterruptedbytheeherjfl's '. ' Toioe.' All other sounds oeased. The gun ' was orerheaa at high noon, and the prisqner'e r. shadow was under the ftet that pies«d the ; drop- »'ttT mania thtlita. g»l oonrt yardaiood npon^e thin darkness of hisown , BtuntediBbon-ihaaow. The jrallows «asta sinister bar opon , the heads of the two young men, -the free and the opn demnedV ? and- '^this tar': -amote anross the breast of the priest, whb stood a UtUe baok of theprisoner. Brerything was pro found 7 still, jave fin the ooolng-ofia purple pigeon who bowed «S burnished head Wore his mate asthev twrohed upon a ledgeofthe wsstnrn -wall, t; ^- - ~ - :?:??. -: :?-? ; iv. ? ... -. ? . ? ?^THawyonaijittlnjr^^a^lOaUibr' ?' - Hehadiesn lookingofl into the aky with regn»-lingired;-^aie ? teftret'Of amanTwho looks opon a aoene from whiUi hois .to be' ^ the wltrwa»^^^intrasW-tTongly ?with thrown W« Jeft iipn ;prpte6ttnglj;,abont -the nnw^v»rfwjSfe^^!j:BBdfldeUty.toaieUurt '*as^thfe~^S^l,^g^'jherifl an. wm glittered for a moment in the tun tod fell with a tinkle of broken glass upon the pare-: ment. .Newel's faoe had caught and re fleeted the . exoitement . npon his friend's oountehanoe. . . ' , ' Wo, no 1'; he cried, ,t there, is no disgrace in an unmerited punishment.' The crime would hare bean infamous, but the death, of a man who is not guilty has no ignominy in it. Remember that, eld fellow, remember it. Ood bless yon, and good-by.' Thelast word came through the black pap: the next moment the drop had fallen. .As ihe body hung qoirerins and Swaying, the friend lifted his right tadd solemnly, and oried in a hoarse . roioe, ? 1 call upon you all to witness that an innooent' man has suffered an unjust penalty, and I swear in your presence and before God to prove it before I die.1 ?. The pigeon cooed melodiously npon the western wall, and those standing near the spot where the tiny .vial bad broken looted at each other meaningly, for a 'strong and over powering LgmeU of peaoh-kernels had risen from the deadly acid it contained. ? In six minutes the exeoction had been pro nODnoed oomplete, tha dead man was laid upon his shadow in the coffin, and the law was satisfied. CHAPTER XJ. For three generations the Newala had occu pied an old mansion in the ontBkirte of a town in New Jersey. The property had a history when the Newels purohased it, a history connected with the times of Washington and the Revolutionary days. It was then called The Manor Honse by its English owner, who had Bought to establish a bit of the old home world in the bew colony. It had its park then, and its own preserves, and kept its ken nel, and the --gentlemen of ? the Manor did oross-oountry riding in pink coats that were violently eoarlet, and in every way kept np the old -home aporta, as loyal Englishmen always do, whether in the arofioa or tbe topics, the way fcf England being mani tfesUy too superior to those of the rest of *ke ^nythmg » unimporanl 01 MaSSing difl&- Bat after a little; as the old ooldnists' days became yesterdays, and to-morrow of the colonists had become th« to-day of the young republib, changes had. taken plaoe in and around the Manor. - The last Squire had broken his neok which fitted his pink ooat so admirably', riding mllanrly tn his death in a ditnh on his own estate. The fox lived to harry the hen-ooops, and the widow and ohildran, who 'were loyal royalists, were glad to dispose of the Manor with its fixtures and preserves, even to that hut ditch, and return to the more enlightened atmosphere of Sent or Sussex. With the fixtures were included some family portraits left behind hi the stress of adverse oiroumstanoea, and after a generation these came to be regarded as the British oaoestry of ihe Nowals, who were not British at all, and, to do them justice, never jrtfttmnd to be. ??- - * And in the course of that overturning generation Hie hunting preserves were par celled off and fenced in and farmed out, and two roads were out through them, crossing in a corner of the park where the lane of horee-chsitaut, ended .at^lwbijjifoirgalEe andthe high stonewall. AU of 'fliese changes wou'dno doubt hare been'disobmposing to the ghost of the last Squire had he returned some gusty autumn night and ridden merrily to hounds with all -his ghostly train,' for the good dogs 'had long- since bayed their last fox at moon, and the tag brown hunter had broken his own baok and heart along with his master's neok in- that lastditoh. But fenoa and farm,, and cross-road and oottage, would not have been so surprising in the old hunting fields as the Baritan Oanal dividing them with a. watery way, along whioh floated a coutented commerce congratulating itself npon'the improvements of a modern age. The hunting horn of the old Squire's day had been replaced by the toneless tooting of tin hornsby canal-boat captains signalling the bridge tender in his cottage on the new banks where travellers along'-the cross, roads paid toll «ver the new voters. Theneuest approach; to the merry windings of tbe old horn was ; produced by a ' certain! canal cap tain who owned a hnky key bugle, upon which he .wheezed hoarse ' cavalry calls to bridges alonghis Tray,mnoh as if .they were forts: or sleeping barraoks. ; The tow path ranoolya hundred yards to ftB.rear of. the :Jl- nori'ar6unu:whW.dIminianS^abmanthe ^tone-wall had Veen continued, and the view haUrto*f the old hunts had hsen euperseded by the «houto-of r.ggeA drivers along its dusty road. The tinkle of the mole bells was heard at intervals day or night in srery room of the old honse by thos» who chose to listen, and may even have peuetrated .into the musty depths of -the big'iron booid chest intheattae.-wheremoaiB wew busily taming the pink . ooat into 'erratic' laoe- work, and the leather saated 'breeches were mouldering beside the rdaty bit and stirrups of that last ride. ? ?'?' ,r- ': ~. . ? Trnlythat generation was Mawason for its changes'. The sabred four poster tn wh(dh ' Bevolutionary generals had slept and snored had become a oradle for lusty little Newals who , looked the oovera ofl, and hadordup, and measles, and scarlet rash, and other small miseries to whioh they had fallen unwilling heirs. Th6 advent of these human ills into the preo|uats hitherto set apart for reverential traditions to oldster about and bear Mg imaginafive fruit w»nld have horri fied and scandalized the ghost' of the ex hunter, even had they not troubled his poaoe w-. much 'as the moths in the,broidoloth or '- The 'first iTewal of . thp AEsndr had been, thrifty. : He had inaae money /in dividiog the eitate he iiaa purphased,'- and:thp r^Ipis of huprope^had.inpreaBeu with the improre mauts of Jhe' oorintry. His eldest son had, mirried; and broagKt his *ife home, and the ; other' eons and, daughters, liberally, portioned, haS' tacitly sought other homes, for thu 'most part in what *as then the Wast, New Xork anaPewuylvania; ens had even Ventured into the itx west -.of Ohio., The eldett inn, himself -one of ten children, had only three of his own, one son, Caleb, and two. daughters, Catherine, ..his ; oldest 'cnlld, ; and' Dorothy, his youngest. No Newsl hart »r«r lived, in th» memory «f the Community where they, had beei known for three generatious.'who had 'notbeen an honorable, upright, self -respecting, and ntpeotod w*icen. The girls were virtuous, prduent, .and ^oapa^, .and fiie^rst' aid »eoondilewalof;ttie-lanpr dying had eaoh deolared that 'bfe ohUo^h^een a blete- ing toliim. ^ JTuuge, fhen,.px-we hvlrrpr and astonishment of Jie obmmtinKy -when' O»leb , Sewal. was *mSftu'oI one of tte most oold -blooaed'and unprovoked murders in .the :crhnlnaIt»^flfNew.JBrsey.~;;'At first saoli ^u^awjnBatioli/Beeined jnotedible,,' monstrous^ ;liejiona^;Sloa»^|m^na«o-.i 'JBnt/- wnmnuituioA 1*007 ^uououtuuM .was owns lop6(L j**i , doub^ tiAs mnbyofl) ' utd tho oon», ?*-Hon;,W his j^'*»kM,i!|iKiag ^jpa?essi6n; vl the majority as -faiuilHi bis innbwnoe had . \- The^olfe jOT^whoeeiiolent :ialcing',bff Ojleb.JN'ewal ' stdoQ1. aoonaed^ WaB\:an-,old gefa^einenjwhoTiao teen a friend ;pf the first Aewalanus ABighbor to all. one of ithe inoit. ^peaoealile tiuBA Jjarolav^oi ^ne&v;'jwbo^iiad. ushdled-Oaleli o&^Iub faunas iaohudflind been a iwiMyand loving friend^tohlmaeaman. ..Old y» Alfcterly, aa lie wis familiarly galled,;, jtiie adjeoave having taken the . plape of the ^iren name, ae it often .does' when men. and women outure their jreneration, had Deep, killed .W several blows, upon the head,, in friendly oonversation, with.^he bridge-tonder and telling him he -was golng-.tp see Mr. Atteriy, (Whose .home jwas^n the olier elde^ of the new water from the Manor and some,, little distanoe west. ' At the gate he hsfl been met by Aho Rbt: :Mr. /Baxterj, to 'whoso church Mr. Atterly and the Newals belonged. Mr.-Baxt«r Wterwarfs testified thst he Was comlngn.way , bnt had returned with Caleb, parting wia hlin at the gate a few minutes later. At ten minute* after ten the gar dener, who had been employed by Mr. Atterly for over - forty years, and who had that evening been eent -to town upon hii master's' business, returned,' and, going straight to the little room opening ofl the garden to deliver Mb belated message, had been the nrst person to make the horrible discovery. . ? ? This small room had been used by the old gentleman during his latter years, when age rendered him feeble,' for an offioe- In it, as he was one of the richest men in the country, his manifold business interests we're attended to without assistance other than *hat given by interested parties, ^oriis__mind had not shared in the decadence of his body, 'buTbbu- tinned vigorous to' the last. It was in this' room, opening 'abruptly' as it did into the garden and thereby affording the murderer means of egress and escape unseen, that the old servant had found his master's lifeless form. This gardener, who also served some what in the capacity of private servant about the house, and,' in a limited way, gauged by his capacity of Intelligence rather than fidelity,' was a confidential man whom his master' trusted to the limit of his under standing, testified to baring ' been most un happily detained beyond hifl nraal hour of returning on that fatal night by the absence of the gentleman whom he had been sent to see. This statement was corroborated by a number of witnesses, ro that no possible suspicion could be attached to him. In his testimony at the trial he said that he had rushed immediately in searoh of his wife, who was housekeeper and cook, and who bad, with himself, grown old iu the mur dered man's service. His wife was very hard of hearing : he had found her sitting a the * kitchen ' table 3-w^g Boms mending. ?Their -grand-daughter, a girl of'reventeen. whTlSped' a»m ' the' tonie, wag asleep, jrith hot bead resting on 'the table. He testified that sh' -was a heavy sleeper, not liable ' to be awakened by Bounds, as she usually had jo be shaken. He. remembered distinctly having been oompelled to shake her violently that night in order to arouse -.her to an understanding of the appalling orime.that had been committed in the honse during his absence. The kitohen was detached from the main part, after the fashion of Southern houses,— old Mr. Attoriy was a Southener by birth,— but there were bells oommnnioating with ? it . from hu master's office and sleeping-room. Neither his wife nor his grand-daughter had heard an alarming sound, and no bell had rung to summon them. Mr. Caleb would have edtered his house without knooking, as was Us lifelong custom, and the minister, in common with other people who were upon familiar terms with the master, was in the habit of proceeding at, once to tbe little offloe instead of summoning the servants to admit him thrpugh che frontdoor of the rambling old house. The old gentleman was not known to have an anemy in die, world, and \- there 'wi' poOfing .'Bussing from his person or from the premise! to indicate that robbery had been the motive for the crime.' One sold piece and a few silver coins were found in his pockets, also a valuable watch and an old-fashioned gold fob of massive workman ship.. This fob, which was always plainly visible: upon the old gentleman's waistcoat, would certainly have excited the oupidlty of any strolling vagabond who- might have wandered -along the towpath and been tempted by some inscrutable pause to com mit -go foul a deed. But no sfranger had been seen. The tow path had been deserted, and the road nearly bo. - It was here that e7idence began to fasten npon Caleb ' Newal. At ten minuteB of ten that night the bridge-tender had seen him cross hurriedly, apparently returning in an agitated and excited state of mind. He had hesitated for a moment, standing fall in the light whioh streamed from the little toll house, while he looked up and 'down the tow-path in a bewildered manner, as if un oertain whioh way to take. During this moment the bridge-tender saw with astonish ment that his clothing was strangely awry and; in a disheveUed state, which; was parti- . culocly luotioeabie/ as Oaleb i^w ratfoff* f op- pistf'id'preolse in- 'his attire. Aftertihis momentary hesitancy, and without replying to or appearing to hear the bridge-tender's salutation, he seemed suddenly to reoolleot. himself and itarted off down the tow-path in the direction of his own hnms. Half. an hour later Mr. . Atterly'^ ,old gardener, . who had crossed from, town a few. minutes after Mr. . Oaleb passed, came running back, (tumbling and .breathless, shouting ashe.ran that his poor old master had been murdered. It was then the bridge-keeper .first attached irnportanoe , to ? the -yonng. man's unusual 'stite, and remembared that there were certain lark spots InpMi his clothing that glistened ;i*e water during the, brief, moment, when he stood in the 'little aqoare of light. ?: , ? 5fo strangers, of a suspicions look or other wise, had been Been along the road ortow path that evening.. A woman with two little children had. passed, going towards a small. tf arm on which they lived, laden with .packages and paroeln whtoh the. ohildren were wiping her. to carry. The Bey. Mr. Baxter had not returned, having gone baok, as wan. .sometimes his wont, on the other side of the canal, orossing over, a bridge nearer town. He had (tone over by the Hamilton, road,, as it was jfalled, above the Manor, and might ^0§^B-r^T'pm^4tm-^.- three, bridges farther down. - - .;; ..?;?-' : ,-.' ., ^t was aiterwarda developed that at ten o'clock -or tberetbouts, jost as .Mrs. Newal and ,. her .?daughteTa .were retiring, Oaleb entered at the, back door, having come In through the. canal gate,. to whioh'he carried a key, and was going straight to his room, when his mter Catherine came with a candle, to the head «f the stairs ItoleU him that his friend Donald MatheBon, playfolly oaUed Damoo by the family, had been waiting for ovpr an 'hour .'to- «a him. As the oandle carried by the ybong, woman shone full upon her. brother's. IftOBi.shB. )»a« «tmok.,by,;its exbaordinary expression. (To as Oo«Ti»umi.) 