A GHOST ON A BIKE. 'THESE was a squad of us, belated wheel men; one evening. Bitting round a comfort ;»ble fire in a comfortable inn, at an out-of the-way place, with an out-of-the-way name, /containing all the letters of the alphabet and ' several more thrown in, in North Wales. She spot was in the hills somewhere near Font-y-Pridd ; and though it isn't much affected by cyclists on account of its being 'uphill work togo to it, it had been made . for by common, consent by three or four of , us who were going in one direction, and ? three or four of us whom we met going in Mother, for ai very good and sufficient reason. The derk of the weather had got into bis , tantrums. We had had a little thunder- storm from him, and a little shower-short, ?harp, and decisive. It sent sundry water oeuraes tumbling down tho .road in a few . minutes, and drenched us thoroughly. We knew this out-of-the-way caravansary was somewhere about, and we made for it, for 'according to all, meteorological appearances f it "was for Borne time to come atcase of making the best of it, most decidedly. ' - .All cyclists are philosophers. Our squad kept up the reputation of the order by pro- ceeding forthwith to make themselves as '«ómfortable»BB the circumstances-and a " judicious spirit of economy-permitted. , We were all determined to have the least of Jreason, andI,the flow of soul for that par tidular evening, .just to 'show the weather ^äerkjthat we were men not to be put out .i'sortB/by his caprices; but we had one ' and'all registered a'vow that we would not Say'too much for* the aforesaid feaBt and . qwi? ll. , : Ibis, however, by the bye. Tho virtues which "the . spread pf the cycle has been the means' of factoring are fair subject for a learned treatise in themselves ; thia, writing : «oacems an abstráct matter. Neither ia it matter for.present concern what our squad did,_,qaid, or thought all this particular ..ererun^; ' . , But it is fitting and proper to relate that whenra variety of erudite, scientific, and humorous topics had been duly threshed I . «tit 'and settled to our mutual satisfaction, somebody suddenly sprung the proposition that) the ¡cycle and the genius of romance had nothing in common-that, in fact, they : Were*, at daggers drawn. Whoever, for \- instance', he queried, had" heard of a ghost up«sa bicycle? ', ' Nearly all the company laughed at the "ideàj.,. . But there was one of them who didn't. . ' V Don't laugh, gentlemen," he said, » quietly j " at least, don't laugh until you ; know,,, I saw one I" : .fjÍHiere are more things on wheels than are dreamed of in our philosophy," he went on'¿ sentèh'tiously, "and I think in due titpeth'e cycle ?-will take its proper place in ; the realms of romanen like its noble prede ' eessprl rt*ie horse. When 1¡he future poet of : the .noiseless steeds shall have arisen, we shall doubtless have the counterparts of the Winged* Horse pf the poem and the Fhooka of the legend " ' ..'Bang it, old man, don't go on so. WeTlbave to call for the Welsh substitute for trish whisky punch if you do," cried one . ..f the company. ? "1 move you give us the yarn aa an alternative, before we try the ? worse evil." . .;The' other, rousing himself from a sort of : reverie;'- . threw himself back in his chair, and, diving: his hands deep down into his troupers pockets, began : "., '^'ÍYNF $6 ^ing happened in this way. pTo;'.pegm'W¿'tbe beginning, Pick Enaggs and ^myiielf-'W^re running neck-and-neck for a dear little girl whom I shall call Sophie , Byles. V; . " Sophie was a tormenting little witch. Sbe'flirted with both of us in a thoroughly ^impartial way, and if either of ua attempted . any. of 'those iqolish remonstrances that fel lowa^desperatflly in love- will sometimes ' Tenture on in such pro voking .circumstances, ?lie. would only toss her dainty little head, and; elevating. her slightly retroussé nose, shrug ther. shoulders disdainfully, and say, 'Please don't.speak to me any more, Tom' -or Dick, as the case might be. "Now, Dick and I, strange to say, were the^bèst» of friends, although we were the beatkof rivals. We h*d been «hums for several years, lodging in the same « digs,' ; ánd getting pu together capitally. p^^When we discovered tnat we were both .VfídÍBleÉslyv gone over Sophie, we had a long ííjaAj tjyerthe matter, and the upshot of it 'WM .¿háéf we: shook hands over a fair agree irf^i;to both go (n for her, each of us, fairly and"squareb/ikand let the best man win, neither, taking any mean advantage of thc other.;. . .> ^"Things went oír very nicely under thii working arrangement foi* about six' months, > I. often' met Dick riding back af ter viaitinf Sophie* air ber suburban cottage near Step asidq, and; he has often met;,me, but nc oftener,, for it was in the bond that and visita should be exactly equal in number. 4 We always laughed gnod-humoredly at each other when we met thus, chaffed each other about our prospects of success, and ^.^ffand ha<* a drink; so you see we wore honorable chums. . ;".Fora couple of months we led this sort of life, and nothing could possibly be more ¿ »ti^ctory. to eil her Dick or me-unless ÄorWfrprns would take himself for ever to JeticjhoVo.nl>jof the other's way. But as this )}mfiwer#'remote contingency indeed, wc fb pep tod tho,' situation in a spirit of beatific ohe*rfi|lM the best we could ol . " Sophie bad only one relative living-but that wai quite a sufficient number. It wat bec fatherland he was a terror. He was a gentleman .of unblemished reputation and frugal habits. Hu native land was Scotland, .«na bis favorite beveridge Glenlivat. ( , 41 This,'however, was a matter that hac » noiconcern.fori either Dick or me, for the old man always preferred his own company t< ??»hf Other .when the Glenlivat was to be dis 'PdUtiÊStMw* *-':'!- - '?' "r * ....>'-.<.. in-and they were too numerous to particu- larise-was that of rigid honesty. He had never got into debt to tha extent of a penny in his life, he used to boast and he detested" people who did. But, inasmuch as he had made his money by the weaknesses of human nature iu that respect-for he-was a money-lender-we admired his theoretical rigidity rather than its limited application. "No Spartan eould be more unbending than old Kyles. Once he made up his mind to a certain course, that course he would pursue if an archangel came down specially tJ turn him aside.' He never altered his mind, he used to vaunt, and he never broke his word. " When I add that his face was as hard as a tombestone, and juBt as cheerful, I shall have conveyed, I think, some notion of the personal merits and attractions of Sophie's parent. ' ' The old man seemed to have an impartial sort of negative liking for both Dick and me. He didn't object to our paying our addresses to his daughter, but seemed to be trying, like ourselves, to find out which of us she liked best- perKaps wi h equal unsuccess. At any rate, he always met us civilly, and chatted to us in his own dry Caledonian way, on such interesting topics as the weather and the crops, the stock and share markets, and the like. " Dick and myself were then in the enjoy- ment of a modest income each-quite enough for him, for he was not of an extravagant turn ; but hardly enongh for me, for my tastes were more luxurious. " However, financial matters were not in Dick's case any more than my own ever thought of for a moment in connection with our mutually dear Sophie. We would have taken her without a penny, but we knew very well she wouldn't come so, whenever she made up her mind. "One evening I met Dick riding back from Stepaside, after one of tho regulation visits, as I was going out to take his place. He jumped down off his bicycle and came over to me in a state of great perturbation. " '.Tom," said he, 4 I'm great trouble, old fellow. 1 have to go away for a fort- night. There's a maiden aunt of mine very ill over in Homburg, and she wants to see me. I'm to be her heir, you see, and I can't possibly refuse.' " ' I don't see why you should, my boy,' I replied ; neither do I perceive why you should be so dreadfully agitated. You're a lucky dog, so you are, coming in for a fortune.' . " , " . Don't see it !' he cried, ^opening his eyes in astonishment. ' What is Sophie to do in,my absence V , " ' Doi't trouble your head about that,' I answered. ' Sue'll get along just aB usual, I'm sure.' , n ' Bub you !-you won't surely take any advantage of my absence, Tom ? If -I had your promise on that I'd feel quite relieved.' "'Well, thai'B rather hard, Dick,' I¡ returned.; '1 don't Bee why my arrange- ments should be affected by your maiden aunt's proceedings.. The old lady is not going to make me her heir !'. , ** . But vdon't you see, Tom; that my absence would .be giving you an unfair advantage ? You are too honorable a fellow, I know, to avail yourself of it' " 1 Look/here, Dick,' I said at length, after lie had gone, on iq thia strain for awjiile, ' I'll go this far to. oblige.you. : I'll not .come out here again for a fortnight. If you're back by that'time,* well and good. If you're not, the bargain ia at an end.' ; " Do you give me your word on that, Tom?' he asked, brightening up wonder- fully.' ' " * I do,' I returned ; * yon may haunt mo when I die if I break it. Now be off ' ; '. " We shook handB and parted, and when I saw our beloved Sophie I informed her of ' the arrangement agreed upon. She said she. didn't mind, as .she was going on a visit to a 'friend in Wicklow for a week. But I thongh she was secretly vexed all che same. : "I was discussing breakfast one morning about a week afterwards, glancing over the newspaper now and' then as I sat eating, when my eye suddenly caught the heading :. ' Fatal Accident to a Dublin Gentleman.' . " I immediately looked at the item, and, tío my horror, . found that it related to my unHappy friend, Dick. He had jumped out of a railway, carriage while the train was in motion, got jammed between it and the platform, and was killed. " 1 he hews upset me a good deal, although I could not help feeling that it cleared the ground in one important direc- tion. Still, I was very much attached to poor Dick, and 1 couldn't bring myself to visit Sophie for a couple of days after I heard the sad tidings, in order to break them to her. i " The year was getting fast into tho sere and yellow leaf. Brown October had brought in its short days, and its-some times-lovely moonlit nights ; and it was on o'ne'of these a glorious one it was-that I started off, with an equally balanced ad- mixture of grief and hopeful elation at my heart, for the bower of my Sophie-my own Sophi«, as I fondly hoped to call her-to unfold my gruesome tale. ¡ " A delicious mist hung over meadow and grove¿'giving tne whole scene a weird and 'silvery glamor that made me at times (imagine it was a .fairy scene floating in some enchanted region that lay before me, instead of 'a real substantial portion of dear old 'county Dublin. "I had got about half-way to my destina- tion when it occurred to me that I ought to strike a match and have a quiet puff of the 8 ó thing'weed, as npthin? could, be more in keeping with the peaceful quiet of the.scene. No sooner thought than done, and I was in the act of remounting,, with pipe aglow, when my eye caught sightv of another rider coming in the same 'direction, but a con- siderable d stance behind. " This circumstance caused me no emotion in particular, and I forgot all about it aB I sped on afresh. I slackened my pace to spin out the distance until I had finished my pipe, and was drawing on easily towards Stepaside when some instinct or other made me glance backwards down the road again. " The other traveller had gained upon me with amazing celerity. He was now not more than 40 or 50 yards behind. " What a wonderful resemblance he bore, at that distance, to my dead friend, Dick ! HÍB garments looked white in the ghostly moonlight. Dick, when riding all last summer, had worn a suit of white flannel, at the stranger appeared to be. And it seemed to me, as I paused, thunderstricken and trembling, for a moment in my ride, that hit form was exactly that of my dead friend ! " I was never superstitious, yet now, for an instant, a feeling of awe came over me, but as I wobbled to the ground, off mj machine under its influence, I began to curse myself vigorously for a womanish fool, and jumiing up with the celerity of fully recovered spirits, I Bet my steed off with a lively Btart, and began to race away from the awesome stranger. " I went at a spanking pace for some time, but I could not help turning my head agaii backwards soon, to note how far I had left him behind. " Horror of horrors ! he was gaining or me still ! "He was only,a few yards behind. ] could not distinguish his face, but thc figure, and the way in which it sat th< machine, were the same as Dick's. " Again I spurted madly. Great beads oj cold sweat burst out from my temples, and an icy feeling crept through my frame ever to the marrow of my bones, despite the heat into which the exercise bad thrown me, My terror lent me strength. I must gel away from this horrible phantom, ever though my heart should snap in the effort, I tore along the road now like a maniac. " I was jnrt turning a corner of therusth lane which led up to Sophie's bower wher my machine came plump against a form engaged in doing the same from the lane side of the angle. The consequences wen disastrous to both travellers.. /'Machine and myself-threw a double somersault over the. body of the.pedeatrian. When'we both regained our feet I though! I should turn into stone when I encountered the Gorgon-like eye of my intended father in-law. " ' ?-it, mon !' he shouted, as soon as he recognised me and found his voice, ' what-the deil are ye glowering at me for, instead of apologising for nearly killing me ? One would think ye had seen-a ghaist 1" " ' I have seen a ghost, "sure" enongh, BU*,' I answered, with trembling lips, ' the ghost of my poor dead friend, Dick-and see, there it comes !' "The white figure had arrived at the corner of the lane, full in the ghastly glare of the dazzling moonlight. It dismounted and advanced towards where we stood. " I held up both my hands to shut out the fearsome thing. *''Don't come near me,' I cried, in an agony of desperation, ' until you tell ma whether you are aman or the ghost of my dear friend, Dick J' "The thing laughed-it was a horrible human laugh. "'No gnoat, air.' it replied, as its coarse chuckle ceased, 'but a messenger from a man who has ghosted you long enough in vain for this little bill of seven pounds ten for clothes-Mr. Tippet, the tailor, of Graf ton-street. Heré 'tis for you, sir, now ;. and if you don't pay it by 12 o'clock to- morrow, I'm instructed to invite you to an interview with the Recorder, at Green street Courthouse.' "This was my romance of the wheel. It shattered my day-dream, and lost me my Sophie. Old Byles turned on me with all the scorn of an enraged money-lender who never owed a man a penny, and bade me never again show my face at the cottage. " The fickle Sophie ratified this decision, and shortly afterwards married a wealthy pawnbroker, who had a couple of months before laid his third spouse under the sod in Glasnevin ; and I am left here alone with my faithful bicycle J" . [THH END.] 