; %hz Zuqdag Sebool. INTERNATIONAL LESSON. SEPTEMBER 19fch, 1897. 'PAUL'S ADDEESS TO THE EPHESIAN ELDERS. Acts xx. 22-35. Golden Text (Acts xx. :?-:-). — 'It is 'more blessed to give than to receive.' Anticipation. ' I go bound in the Spirit.' ' I know not the things that shall befall me.' ' I. know only that bonds and afflic tions abide me.' ' I hold not my life of any account, as dear unto myself.' ' I would only accomplish my course, and the ministry.' ' I know that ye shall see my face no more' (ver. 22-25). Outward Trials,] Inward IHumphs. — What a story of trials, but what an inner triumph, what self mastery there was in the man, who could say : ' I hold not my life of any account.' And as Mr. Wesley says : 'It adds great force to this and all the other passages of Scripture, in which the apostles express their contempt of the world, that they were not uttered by persons like Seneca and Antoninus, who talked elegantly of despising the world, in the full affluence of all its enjoyment ; but by men who daily underwent the greatest calamities, and exposed their lives in proof of their assertions.' It is sometimes difficult to go forth to duty or suffering even when we have kaow ledge of its nature, but it was the glory of St. Paul that he went forth not knowing. He knew, as Dr. Cloag well says : ' That Bevere trials of some kind awaited him, but did not know of what description they would be, or in what they would terminate.' St. Paul could have said with our Christian poet : 'I'd rather walk in the dark with Grod, than walk alone in the light.' We are all quite sure that this is true, but that knowledge does not always make obedience easy. Our Life-Race. — The apostle uses here his favourite figure of the race course. ' Nether count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy.' He had seen the Greek games in his youth. Indeed, there has been found at Tarsus a Greek inscription, which was set up as a monument at the termination of the wall surrounding the racecourse. The life-race lasts as long as life lasts, hence the need of patient endurance. CIECUMSPECTION. ' Take heed therefore — (1) unto yourselves, (2) unto the flock.' 'Remember the Holy Ghost has made you overseers ' (ver. 28-32}. Putting of the Harness. — It is as if apostle had said, my work is done ; the future lies with you. He reminds them of their solemn responsibility which can only be met by self care and devotion to the ? poorest member of Christ's Church. There was something more too than merely the danger of omission. Dangers from without and from within, like wolves waiting to devour, were ever present. Therefore he says, watch and remember. VINDICATION. ' I cease not to warn every one, night and day with tears.' ' I have coveted no man's silver, or gold, or apparel.' 'These hands have ministered unto my necessities.' ' I have showed you all things, and bidden you remember the words of the Lord Jesus.' GoOii-iJTE. Read verses 36-38. The kneeling marks the epecial solemnity of the prayere. With tears, embraces, expres sions of grief, they brought him on his way, unto the ship, parted unwillingly, probably not to meet until they stood together in the presence of God. 