SUMMABY OF LATE HEWS. Mr. Stone, formerly postmaster at Albnry,' died on Wednr sclay. The entries for the Show are much better than last year. An alleged ghost has been causing some sensation at Strawberry Hill. On eloae investigation the spirit proved to be a dog. A number of pigs at J-ttnberoo have been poisoned by white cedar berries. A volcanic eruption with great loss of life is reported in the Philippine Islands. 400 persona have, it is believed, been killed. A great rise i& wheat is reported in London. The advance is equal to about 9 1. per bushel. At a public meeting in Sydney on Tues day the Land Act Validating Bill was con demned. A resolution waB carried to the effect that it should be wiped out altogether. Sir George Turner was entertained at a banquet by Parliament on Tuesday. A very oordial reception was given to the returned Premier. The Melbourne master butchers struct last Tuesday against a reduction in the discount allowed by the stock salesmen. The salesmen apparently bad the best ,. of the straggle. M'S. J. L, King, wife of the polio? magistrate at Orange, dropped dead at a ball. An aboriginal named Dick was acciden tally shot at Nyngan on Saturday. The Victorian railway returns for the paat year show an improvement. Shear icg is now in progress in the Deniliquin district. T wenty-five stud rams at Cornalla yielded an average of 19£lb. Mr. Rose, M.L.A. for Argyle, has passed the examination for a barrister. A good many farmers in the Goulburn district have sown Manitoba wheat. The wheat is reported to be making excellent growth. The shipment of oranges by the Yarra. wonga reached London is good condition. They were carried, not in the cold chamber, but as ordinary cargo. A petition has been got up for the reprieve of Charles Hal), convicted of murder. Tbe Executive Council, however, decided that the law should take its course. The Australian Star has deserted the leader of the Protectionist party. The fact that Mr. Lyn9 has favoured the establishment of a morning paper in the protectionist interests h supposed to have had something to do r-ith the matter. Inspector Kobinron secured the £10 prize for best kept tablet section on the railways. His section extends from Gunning to Alfcury. .A man/jamed Arnold has been victimis ing a number of people in Melbourne. He/Advertised situations for people who ccuVidf posit j£10. /Applicants deposited the £10, but heard fjs more of the situation. 7 Sydney stock salesmenjsonsider that ihe value of fat cattle will be maintained. Some consider that still higher rates will be permanently commanded. Tbe steward of the Melbourne Club has b°en fined £100 for smuggling some articles of wearing apparel. He was returning from a trip to London, and brought some clothing for members of tbe club. The vinegrowing industry in Victoria is said to be in a very bad way. The Hmiii of local consumption haa been reaohed, and tbe demand for export does not appear to be eqtul to tho surplus. For a homestead selection on Ganmaic last week there were 64 applicants. Alexander Brown was successful at tbe ballot. The s.s. Orotava, which sailed for London on Monday, took 3000 hares. Lady Brassey ia on a week's visit to Sydney. She has not yet recovered from the cfiVcts of her late accident. It is considered probable that the Medi terranean ports will furnish a market for Australian meat. Tbe Ada Delroy Company performed to good bouses during the past week. A protectiosist meeting was held a few days since at L'vorpool. It was decided to establish a protectionist league. Tho movement in favor of a retnra to moderate protective duties is grooving. Exceptionally hot weatber haa been ex perienced in tho Narrabri district-. The Eev. Dr. Bovan expects to resume duty in Melbourne next week. . The question of openiDg the Zoological Gardens in Sydney on Sunday is under consideration. The unemployed at Newcastle are agitat ing for ihe construction of some large drainage works. A mass meeting on the subject was held on Saturday last. Marital infidelity is treated in a very severe fashion by the Indians in Florida. The offenders are tied to posts in a swamp infested by alligators. The Corowa Show laBt Friday appears to have been unusually successful. A full report of the prize list is given in another column. The funeral of Mr. Allen on Friday last was attended by a large number of cyclists. The bicycle of the deceased, draped in black, was led after tbe hearse. Mr. M'Cormack, sen., died suddenly at Coolamon on Wednesday. Some very rich quartz has been struck near Cooma. 