[?] WG were a great houseful of people. They always had a houseful for Christmas at the Court. I have spent many a merry Christtnis there since, but never one so merry as that. I suppose it was because we were all young, and at that time of life MAM Atlltf a*A 4 k A S m MM-I MAICA of the shadows. Besides Julian loved j me. I had been certain of that ever since we met at Scarborough in the summer; and since I had been stay ing in his father's house, he had found a thousand little ways of making me more than sure that this dear old house was to be my home, and I the happiest mistress that ever owned it, because Julian loved me. It was the night before Christmas Eve, and all we young folks were, dancing in the big hall ; and it was between two waltzes, as I sat resting in one of the deep window seats, sheltered by the heavy curtain, that Julian lilted the curtain, and passed in, and sat beside me. The window j seat was in the shadow of the great stair, and the rest of the company were gathered round the piano, and were laughing and talking so gaily, that^iis words were no more heard by them than the soft sighing of the pine trees outside. No oi-e heard what he said but I, and no one ever shall hear ; for you nerd not suppose that I am going to write down here what he said to me. But it was one pt those very happy moments that come so seldom and that lights one's life when they do come for a long, long way back and forward. And he told me he should speak to his father next day. Now I come of good family, and had a handsome property of my own. I was a nice- looking girl in those days, and considered agreeable and accomplished, as girls went. So next day when I met Julian in the hall for a moment after breakfast, I never ex pected the answer to be anything but 1 yes ' when I said : ' Is your father pleased with your choice ?' To my surprise Julian hesitated, then he answered : ' I think he is pleased with my choice, but he begs us to consider nothing as settled unlil after Christ mas Eve.' ' Why ?' I asted naturally enough. 1 1 can't tell you now. It's a long tale, and those Dan vers girls will be here in a minute. I promised, like the fool I am, to go skating with them. But this afternoon when we come in to tea, if you should happen to be in the library instead of the hall, one might perhaps get a word with one's sweetheart.' The Danvers girls came in while he was speaking, but he finished his speech in my ear with great calmness, and I went off to nurse my new hap piness, and wonder at and delight in it until the time was come when I should see him again. I soitly slipped into the library and closed the heavy door after me. The dusk was falling, the firelight shone pleasantly on the glass of the book cases and the gilt backs of the books, j and I stood by the window and watched the skating-party come up from the lake. 1 hadn't had a word with Julian all day. I couldn't skate, for 1 had promised my dear mother years before that I would never go on the ice, because my father had been killed by an ice accident. I saw thetn come up, jingling their skates and talking merrily, and two minutes later Julian was in with me. 1 How nice and warm it is in here, roy, dear little love,1 he began. ' I been in purgatory all day — such a cold purgatory too.' And indeed his face was as cold as i Ice. When he had thawed his hands a little by the fire, we sat down to gether on one of the leather covered : settees, and he said : ' Now, heart of mine, we have only . a few, few minutes for all our stories and explanations, for I must get hack to the other people before the tea -irnes in. The real fact is — there's a WtttioiJ j*Rr-*' . ?™lir familv ' n Monday -OOia . J- . . . ?Oh Jtbe WWS-ioot this way .and that, ^iich our story' co of the firelight on Jj|FSteel «tood in the kit shoe '1 don't hoSihe picture of a com J , still lookup ^»n, »-p^W»;db jjniddle-o«ld be an that-' hc saidi I asked. ' The story .^^j^^Kw^teresting ; tell it to me, rfti' ?Well, the story runs that a certain ancestress of mine ran away and got married without her par ents' consent. The marriage didn't turn out well or ? something. At any rate, ; she was plagued with re morse ia her later years, and very inconsistently undertook to appear and give her blessing when ever the heir of this house \- becomes enraged to a &uuaoIe; young person and if she doesn't appsar the engagement doesn't come qE That's all, my dear.' 'But do you mean to tell me,* I exclaimed, for I could not help think ing he was laughing at me, 'that you would give me up just because a stupid old'ghost didn't put in its ap pearance at a certain hour and place?' ' No, I wouldn't,' he replied, ? but my father would never conscnt, and I am sure you would never marry me without his consent' ' I'm not so sure of that,' I said to myself in a low voice. ' I don't want to have any secrets from you, little woman ; so I won't pretend that I shan't feel a good deal happier if the ghost does appear on Christmas Eve, as I have no doubt she will do.' * 'But am I to understand then, that ever since your ancestress took this ridiculous resolution, her ghost has appeared to sanction the engagement of eadi heir of the house in succes sion *' Of course you will laugh at it,' he went on in rather an injured way, ' but that really is the story. My ' father will tell you that he saw it, and his lather before him ; and I haven't the slightest -loubt I shall see it on Christmas Eve. My fatfo'tjifcd I will sit up for the purpose.' ' A pack of old wives' stories !' I rejoined indignantly. 'Look here, J ulian, I'm not going to wait for the ghost to refuse me and I'm not going. - to marry into a family that believes ? in such nonsense.' ' Oh 1 aren't you?' said Julian, quite calmly, ' we shall see about that, my dear. You know perfectly well that I love you so much that nothing on earth would ever induce me to give you up. But you see how much pleasanter it would be for everybody if the ghost gave us her blessing and in the orthodox manner,' 1 really even then thought he was playing some sort of joke on me, but no, lie was quite serious, and I had actually to be in that ridiculous posi tion of being engaged for more than three days. And Julian was very careless and people were always coming in anji finding us at different corners of the room as if we had just jumped there : and once I am certain one of those Danvers girls saw him kiss my ear as we went upstairs before dinner. The night before Christmas Eve I really felt almost worried out of my life, and when I went up to bed I sent away my maid, put on my dress ing gown, let down my hair and settled down in front of the fire to have a good cry. I had hardly begun, how ever, when there was a soft tap at my door, and 'Lady Carv herself came in. She was a dear little old lady. At least, she couldn't have been more than forty-five, but that seems old when you are only eighteen. 'May I come in?' she asked, in her soft sweet voice, and came in at once, shut the door, and sat down opposite me in the other chair. 4 Dear, dear, dear J' she said. 'Now whatever is the matter ?' ' I'm tired,' I replied, 'and I've got a cold in my head.' Lady Cary turned her eyes to the fire and fixed them there. ' Such a model of frankness and candour !' she said, slowly ; ' that's what Julian said when hc told me he was engaged to you. It came, it's true, at the end of a list of your more important qualities, beauty and sweet ness and angelic charm.' She suddenly raised her eyes to me, and I crept humiliated to the low stool at her feet. ' I'm very sorry,' I murmured ; ' 1 didn't know that Julian had told you anything, and it seems so strange to be engaged and nobody to wish you happiness, or good luck, or anything, and to be depending on a stupid ghost; and I think I was wishing, when you came in, that there was someone, that— that my mother had not died when I was quite a little thing.' Lady Cary stroked my hair. ' There, poor child,' she said ; ' there is someone. Tell me all about it.' And 1 told her all about it as well as 1 could, and when 1 had finished she broke out with a funny little laugh. ' My dear, I felt just as you do about it when I was your age, and Lord Cary's mother came to my as sistance exactly as 1 am coming to yours, and as I believe the ladyof the house has always come to her son's assistance ever since the White Lady promisedio ' walk.' It depends on you, my (fear, whether Julian and his father receive a satisfactory ghostly blessing on the engagement or not.' 'I wasn't crying a bit about the ghost,' I said, hardly hearing what she said. ' If you would only say that you would like me to be ? ' ' Of course I would, that's whV I'm here. It's my belief that the Lady Cary has always had a good bit of a voice in ber son's choice. My dear, the White Lady walked before I was engaged^ and I had to undergo just such a tiresome probation as you are writhing under to-night, and my future mother- in-law showed me how to end it as you will end it to-morrow.' ' I?' 'Yes; I have no doubt Julian told you that on Christmas Eve the in tending bridegroom and his father, i( the father be alive, are bound to watch in the chapel from eleven tilt one, and across the gallery at the end the White Lady glides as the clock strikes twelve. You will have to practice gliding, my dear : it is a very difficult art' ' Then you mean th^t I—that you ? ' 'I mean that you tpust, in tbe character of the White Lady, pro nounce your own blessing on your ' ' LOOK 1' I SAID, ^LOnK~'trfffcRE — THEREAT' IS^AGAWT'' own engagement, as I did on mine, and as I believe all the ladies of Cary have done on theirs. It's the secret of the ladies of this house, and I should never have told it to you if I hadn't believed that you are the best wife in the world for my Julian.' ' Then you mean to tell me, Lady Cary,' I said, when 1 had recovered from my delight at this little speech, ' that you yourself played tlie part of the ghost in this house.' ' I did indeed, my dear,' she replied, and it was the best night's work I ever did.' And her voice trembled, and her face linhted up with the recollection of old happiness. ' I have got the dress still, the white satin and the pearls, and the veil that my mother- in-law gave me, they were miles too big for me, and you shall wear them. The men are bound not to move from the chapel for an hour after midnight, which is a merciful provision to give one lime to get com fortably out of the way before they can find any traces of one. The way to the gallery is rather peculiar ? there are two secret doors to pass, but I will show you the trick of these to-morrow, and I will be there to re ceive you when you find your way bnck to the modem side of the Court. You mustn't be nervous about it.' 'Nervous!' I exclaimed, 'there is nothing to be nervous about ; only one can't help ? ' ' No, don't say you can't help despising Julian for it. It runs in the blood, my dear, like their fair hair and tlieir blue eyes, and you must take people as you find them, and make the best of them.' She gave me mother good kiss, and: walked off with fefer bedroom candle. The next night et eleven she came ? again to my room. She dressed me in the white satin and pearls, and powdered my lade thickly to give me the pallid look accessary far my ghostly character.? It was always Jthe custom at the Court to go to bed early on Christmas Eve, so that by ji quarter to twelve the house was perfectly quiet I took ,up the heavy, old-fashioned candle stick I was to carry, and crept out ol the room, my white satin and pearls covered by a dark cloak. I found the spring Lady Cary had shown me under a carved wreath on an oak panel, pressed it, the panel turned on a pivot, I passed in and it closed behind me. Then I stood quite still, holding my breath, and listening, lest anyone should have heard me, pass from my room to this. iBut there was no sound— only I could hear my own heart beating. I walked along tbe passage in which I found myself. The dustUkr thickly underfoot, so that my steps made no noise fcs I walked. It was a'narrow passage made of rough stone-work, and a tioor at the other end which stood ajar andiwai easily opened, led me to a part of the bouie that' I had never been in before. Itnvas the suit of apartments that hid -been oc capied.by the Mfeitg Lady. a*d since her time no one had lived in them. Everything was just as she had left it. Her garments and personal possessions were littered on the tables and chairs. There was a lute, all its strings broken but one ; and one stiff dress on a chair looked to me so like a human being that I paused for at least a minute before I had courage to go up to it and see that it was only heavy, gold brocade. The dull, dark tapgstries on the wall swayed a little sow and then — with the wind, 1 suppose — but ifseemed to me that something, anything, might be hidden behind them. My hand trembled so that I could hardly hold the candlestick, and the wax of the candle ran in a small stream over my fingers. Lady Cary had said I should be nervous, arid I certainly was. Then quite suddenly a thought came to me that sent all the blood rushing to my heart anil nearly choked me. Suppose I.ady (Jarv was wrong ; sup pose there was a ghost after all, and here was I alone in the rooms sacred to its use and memory. It wouldn't bear thinking of. I grasped the silver candlestick and hurried on through the long suite of rooms. At the end of the last ante-chamber I came to another panel -like the one in the corridor, pressed a similar spring, and found myself on a little flight of stairs which Lady Cary had warned me led directly to the gallery. At the foot of this I was to wait till I heard the church clock begin to strike, then to walk forward boldly across the gallery, and descend a flight of steps at the other side, which would lead me into a passage communicating with the suite of rooms I had just left I didn't like the idea of that long sequence of mouldering emptiness behind me, I tried to get the panel to shut, but it wouldn't act ; its hinges were stiff, 'and*I was jrfraid of making them creak. * fe® There 'I waited ; if it was a wrong thing to jlo to deceive my future husband in that way, I can only say l was well punished for it. What I suffered in those five minutes no one can believe who simply sees It written down here. What I should have liked to do was to bolt back to my room like a rabbit and many -Julian in spite of all his father's opposition. But I have a habit of carrying a thing through when once started. Besides, I didn't want Lady Cary to think me a fool. So I stayed there with my heart beating to that degree that 1 felt as if I they cotild hear it in the chapel. At last came the Jong, dull, slow ?broke oftbe clock. 1 gathered up my | «atin draperies, held die candle high, and walked op the st^ps, Jt was a short ftight, and in another moment I was in fro gallery. My knees were knocking together wtfh the double fear of being found out, and ol diving again ont of the comparative light and safety of the chapel into the un known depths of that dark stair beyond. The «rhite moon 6hone through the windows ol the clert&ory;, and there was air here as well as light, and movement, and human com panionship; for, as I stepped into the gallery, I saw in tbe chancel below the two figures of my lover and his father. They had two tapers beside them and watched as one watches the dead. I drew my veil over my face, held my candle high atx? walked forward. I felt rather than beard the_ hushed 1 Ah I' from the chancel which told that they had sect) tnc Holding my candle high above nrt I walked — for in that hour of terror my gliding lessons vanished from my memory, leaving no trace— ^o the other side of the gallery, and passed under the low wooden doorway and down ihe flight of stairs. The way was easy to find and, somehow, I felt that the worst was over ootr. - - , Trut^tbeie wgie, those deadly deserted rooms to traverse, but at the end of them, warmth, light, fire, my own room and Lady Cary, who was there waiting for me. So I followed the passage I found at the foot of the Stairs till it brought me to the sliding panel I had been finable to shut, which let me into* the ante-room of the White Lady's bedroom. It was with a sigh. of relief that I pushed it open and passed through it. I hastened through the dark rooms and was beginning to feel something approaching a return ol what I always like to consider my natural fearless ness, when I saw that I'wasn't alone There was another light in the great dark room and it was advancing to wards me. My first thought was — Lady Cary — and I hurried to meet her. The next moment I saw the fear 1 had thrust from me in this room ten minutes before had been no idle terror. It was not Lady Cary, who was -coming towards me with tlie candle in hand, up-raised in a silver, candlestick. It was not Lady Cary who wore satin and pearls and a death white face. It waa the White Lady — the ghost herself— in whose charac ter and in whose rooms I was madly masquerading. In the frantic struggle not to shriek, not to scream, not to betray my pre sence here to Julian and his father, my candle slipped from my hand. At the same instant the ghost's light, too, was extinguished, and 'I was alone in the dark— in the rooms of a dead woman, with that dead woman's face and form not three yards from me — in the dark. ' Ah I' I drew a long breath. There was a smell of vinegar and smelling salts. Somebody was rubbing my hands, I was very cold. ? Oh I thank God, are you better?' It was Lady Cary -who was speaking. I opened my eyes, and look id at ber. I was in my own room, pleasant and bright with fire and lamp-light. Lady Cary was bending over me with a very anxious face indeed. ' It's all right, my dear. You fainted in those dreadful dark rooms. It must hatfe been a treat triaL I knew it would be. But you are safe now, my child.' I sat up; the wet vinegar cloth flopped from my forehead as I did so, and fell on my hands. ' Lady Cary,' I said, ' I have seen the ghost, the real ghost, and it came close to me in that dreadful room.' 4 Your nerves are over-wrought,' answered ? Lady Cary, calmly. 'I don't ponder. You must have fancied some bit of drapery or shadow to be a ghost.' ? It was as real as I am,' I said ; '_I thought it was you at first. Oh, it is horrible, most horrible !' Lady Cary would not let me talk about it any more. She stayed with me that night, and in the morning gave out that I was too unwell to come to breakfast, which I certainly was, and about noon she came up to my room. ' Now,' she said, 'everyone is out skating. Have you the courage to come with me to the White Lady's rooms, and find out what optical illusion it was that so frightened you last night ?' ' 1 have a thousand things to ask you,' I said. ' How did I get back to my room ?' ' I got uneasy about you last night, and came to look for you,' she said. ' And did you carry me back ?' Lady Cary laughed. 4 My dear, if we shall have^htf maids upon us.' She threw a shawl round me, and we crossed the corridor. Tbe oak panel swung on its pivot, we passed through and it closed behind us. In another minute we were in the White Lady's rooms. Seen by the dim daylight that filtered through the cobwcbbed panes of glass, the rooms were roost deso late than ever, and almost as eerie. But with Lady Cary's arm round me I could have faced it even in the dark, I thought. We passed through one room after another, but nowhere was there any thing that could by the wildest imagination be made to resemble ijhite satin and pearls, and a raised 'arm holding a lighted candle. We walked to the further end and then retraced our steps. Lady Cary was {nst saying, ' It must have been pure magi nation,' when I caught a glimpse of something moving at the end of the droom — something white — and stopping Ihort, rigid with terror, I pointed fSwards it. MjLookl' I said, -Look there — there it i$ .again I' f^dy Cary put up her double eye glass and looked. 'You poor, dear, blessed little innocent,' she said. ' Don't you see that itV a looking-glass, and reflects nothing worse than your pretty self in your white dressing-gown ?' Even then I was hardly to be con vinced. Not till she led me up to the glass panel and I saw my own furred gown and scared face reflected in its depths did I understand the height of my own folly the night before. But then I was convinced, and Lady Cary led me back to my own room to pet and coax and laugh at me till I should be in a fit frame of mind to meet my lover. When I went down to luncheon -Lord Cary rose up before all thecom ;p^ny and kissed my forehead, and '' Welcomed me as his daughter and his ^bn's wife ; aad such before the next Christmas Eve 1 became. It was on the evening of our wed ding day that I felt I could not keep my secret no longer. 'Julian,' I said, 'I hope you will forgive me. I have something hor rible to tell you.' 'Proceed,' he answered, with a twinkle in his eyes. ' But it really is horrible, and per haps you will not forgive me. But 1 couldn't bear to tell you before, for fear it should interfere somehow with our marriage.' ' You rack me with suspense, he replied, cheerfully. ' What is this horror that might have parted us at the ] altar steps ?' * Then I told him how I had played the ghost^n Christmas Eve ; and when my taw was ended, 1 hung my head, waiting liis-reproachea ' My dear little woman,' he said, putting his arms round me, ^his is ancient history, Who,*do*^ou sup pose, carried you out of the ghost's ropm that night t' * ' Did you ? . Did Lady Gary ? ?' 1 Of course she did. You didn't sup pose that a dear little shrimp of a woman, such as my mother is, could carry my big, blonde bebuty ?' 1 And you are not angry ?' ' Do 1 look it ?' he asked. ' And you think I , was right, and your mother was right?* ' Yes, sweetheart, and all the other fair ladies who have played the ghost on Christmas Eve to win a superstitious Cary for a husband. I only wish we were better worth the trouble.' As to that I have my own opinion. \- is 