The Phantom Voice, A STRANGE CASE IN A PENNSYL VANIA COURT. Sitting on the verandah of his sum mer residence by an inland lake in Michigan, surrounded by his family and guests, the venerable Judge Wattiles tld the strangest story of his professional career. "Immediately following my admission to the bar," he said, "I was made prose cuting attorney, accepting the honor as a deserved tribute to my superior abili ties. But you must bear in mind that this was a good many years ago, in a little valley town of Pennsylvania, where we were hemmed in by the mountains and had few with whom to compare in the matter of intelligence or, attainments. "In the criminal annals of the county, there were the evidences of a well-dis posed community, and it came as a startling sensation when Farmer Jen kins, driving home late one night. was beaten to insensibility and robbed of at large sum of money. Here was rwo:r for me and I went :t it ewith the zeal of an ambitious beginner. Jenkins in sisted that he would be able to identify, his assaliant, seen in the dim moonlight that sifted through the t-"een, describing him as a tall, well-dressed young man with a dark moustache, and an angry red scar across his left cheek. " 'Why. I seed that air critter, de clared Constable-Joe Huskey. 'I kipm on him sudden like yisterday when I was fishin' at Punkey Holler crick. ThP fellar war in swimmin' an' tole me he war just oaten the city fur a lettle re creation. I'd know him 'mongst a thou san'.' "By employing competent assistance from Philadelphia,we ran down our man, Jenkins and Huskey both recognising him at sight. A few days after the arrest and while I was working on the case, a handsome, matronly appearing woman walked into the office, introduc ing herself as the mother of the prisoner, who had given the name of Harry Win ter. She bore the unmistakable marks of refinement, and in a brief statement punctuated by convulsing sobs, assured me that a terrible mistake had been made. Harry was her son, her only suli port, and she a widow. He was the soul of honor, and had never given her an hour's anxiety. He was wvith her the night of the assault and robbery. They, had walked for an hour in the evenfng, after which he read to her, going to his room at 11. It was a physical as welt as a moral impossibility for him to have done the great wrong laid at his door. Her story greatly impressed me, but there was the positive identifica tion by Jenkins and the constable. "Less tlhan a week later I had another caller; a well-dressed man, who walked with a limp, and who said he had been subpoanaed by the defence to show Win ter's good reputation. But nothing could have surprised him more, for he knew the accused to have a damning re cord. He declared that he had a full confession of that very crime from the prisoner, who had relied upon the cripple as a loyal friend, simply because they had met occasionally at the mother's house. This swept away the doubts that she had created, convincing me that her clinging love had overcome hen regard for the truth. I gained a pro mise from the cripple that he would say, nothing till called to the stand by the other side. "Wvrhen the prosecution had made its case at the trial I was entirely satisfied. Just after Jenkins and Huskey had sworn point blank, as I knew they would, word reached me that there was a pri vate detedtive in the court room who wanted Winter for a crime committed in New York. This was help from an un expected source, and I soon had it before the jury that the ugly scar on Winter's cheek was made by a man defending his home against burglars. There was not a weak link in the chain of evidence that had been coiled about him. "On his behalf the testimony of the weeping mother made a deep impres sion, but I was confident that the spell she had put upon the twelve men sitting in judgment would yield to the cool de liberations of the jury room. After seve ral unknown witnesses had given testi mony tending to show that Winter had led a reputable life, the man who had called upon me limped to the stct, and I must confess that I rejoiced at the an ticipated confusion of the defence. "But there was a most unaccountable intervention. No sooner was the oath ad ministered to the witness than a voice from overhead solemnly warned him to remember that he had made sacred pro 'mise before his Maker to tell nothing but the truth. The prisoner dropped heavily, into his chair, the jurymen went white as ghosts, and the judge cast a troubled look about the ceiling as if to detect the bold offender. 'Order in the court' was gruffly demanded and the case proceed ed. The first material question asked was as to the character of the prisoner, and that same phantom voice, this time from the rear of the judge, called the collapsed witness by name, and said, in measured tones: 'Remember that the pains and penalties of perjury are not inflicted in this .world alone, but are im Piosed through all eternity.' "The court whirled and gasped with a terror that his pride sought vainly to conceal. An unknown dread was upon me and the jurymen were stricken with fright. Hard-headed and practical old farmers as they waere the superstition that had lain dormant and dying through generations was quickened into life. But it was the witness who cringed and stared as though in the presence of death. He admitted a bitter enmity to ward the prisoner whose liberty he had meant to swear away, though called in his behalf, and wound up by not only swearing that Winter was a model young man, but that he was seen walk ing with his mother by the witness on the night in question. "I felt the ground slipping from under me, but the dramatic climax eras yet to come. From an open door into one of the small adjacent rooms hurried an ex cited man, wish striking features andi blazing eyes. I-IHe rushed to the prisoner, embracing him as a father might have done, and then demanded, rather than requested, that his evidence might be taken. It was to the effect that he had been a captain in the M1exican war, that Winter, then a mere boy, was a drum mer whom the captain loved as a fa ther; that when he was shot from his horse in a charge the boy gsllantly fought backl the murderous Mexicans till stronger assistance could come, and that there he had received the wound which left such a ghastly scar. The iam petuous witness even got in a statement that there must be some vile conspiracy, akainst Winter, and wanted to confront the private detective. But Ihe had dis appeared. The jury acquitted without retiring, and I thought their verdict a righteous one. "One evening, some years later, when South on business, I found time heavy, on my hand and dropped into a place of. amusement. I was indifferently inter ested until that voice of the court room, which still haunted my memory, came from an upper corner of the hall. I felt like running, but, turning to the stage, I saw my hero of the Mexican war. He tipped me a recognition, and later went with me to the hotel. There unde; pledge of secrecy, he gave me the inside facts of that mysterious trial. "The alleged mother, the alleged de tective, the alleged captain, the cripple and WTinter were all members of a shrewd gang of crooks operating in the east. Mrinter had committed the rob bery, and his pals had put up the elabo rate scheme which saved him. They en. joyed many a laugh over the manner int which they had 'done' .the 'Rubes' up in my cotmty. Winter was then doing a life sentence. The 'mother' was dead, the 'detective' fled the country, and the cripple went with him. The 'captain was one of the best ventriloquists of tha day, and had become a 'professor,' who made an honest living. It -wds his voicee thrown at will, that left us simple Penn sylvania folks thinking that we had en countered the supernatural." 