AMUSING. Diuipleton: "I am not living with my fatlier-in-law any more." Yon Blumer: " Great Scot! You. don't mean to say that you have separated from your wifo ? " Mr Crimsonbeak:: " Do you think, my dear, that the time will over come when the men -will do tho cooking ? " Mrs Crimsonbeak : " Not in this world, John." "Hungry Higgins?" said the land lady; "of course that is not your real name f " " Nome," answered Mr Hig gins, " it's wot might be called a empty title." " I nm sorry, monsieur, but I can not consider your proposal. I shall never marry." "Never marry? But, mademoi selle, what do you intend to do with your immense fortune ? " 1 Somebody," she faltered, " may come between us." His breast heaved. " Whoever would do such' a thing," he fiercely exclaimed, " would be contemp tibly small." And ■with thut he moved even yet nearer to her. Mr Slowleigh (at the circus): " Do you liko three rings, Miss Catchings ? " Miss Catchings (shyly): " Oh, he, ho ! Mr Slowleigh! This is such a queor place to propose. No; one ring will be sufficient." ' At an official ball: "Sir, allow me to shako hands with you, just by way of showing that I know somebody here." " With pleasure, sir, as I am precisely in the same boat as yourself." A famous Scotch dean used to tell a ghost-story,, tho clue to which is in the question : " Weel, maister ghaist, is this a general rising, or are yo juist taking daunder frue yer grave by yorsell ? " A story is told of a child witness in an Irish court who was asked by the judge : "If you took a false oath, what would , happen you ?" He hesitated, and at last said: "I suppose I wouldn't get my cxpinses." " I wonder what was the matter with the Swellbys ? They bought a box at the show, and they never went." " It's plain enough. After they'd paid for the box they didn't havo money left for •lothes." Mr Cox: " John, why do you call that pretty typewriter of yours Mary Ann ? You told me her name was Mabel," Mr Fox: " Well, you see, I have a bsidliabit of speaking in my sleep, aud my wifo's name is Mary Ann." Willy: " I met our new minister on my way to Sunday school, mamma, and he asked me if I ever played marbles on Sunday." Mother: "H'm—and what did you say to that ? " Willy: " I said, ' Get thee behind me, Satan,' and walked right off and left him." " I am really delighted at the interest my boy Tommy is taking in his writing " said Mrs Hickleby; " he sponds two hours a day at it." " Really ? How strange ! How did you get him to do it ? " " Oh, as for that, I told him to write me out a list of everything ho wanted for Christmas, and he's still at it." 