COMPLETS STORY. . [PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AEEiMJElTEKT.] THE inn WALTER WOOD, Author of "A Captain in tlie Fusiliers/ " Contraband of War.1' " Tales of the Service," &c;, &e.; [COPYBIGHT.] There wag no question whatever about it. The hired troopship State of Georgia was being overtaken by the Don Alfonzo. The State of Georgia, the famous armed merchant cruiser of 12,000 tons and .30,000 horse power, was doing her best to show her heels to the vicious Spaniard, and the engine-room staff were sweating iu the depths of her hull to get one more half-knot out of hor. The State of Georgia had the 1st Battalion of the Hawkshirc Hegiment on board, re inforcements for the garrison at Gibraltar, j but in spito of the redcoats and their Lee Slctfords, the Steamer was bound to fall a prey to the armoured pursuer unless she could show that she was the quicker of the two. Her enemy was the fleetest vessel of the Spanish navy, and'she was.getting over the Bay of Biscay just a shade faster than the crack Atlantic greyhound. Never in the keenest race across the "pond had those on board the State of Georgia worked as they were "working now.- The stokers shovelled the coal into the hungry mouths of the furnaces until they swooned under the fierce heat and the toil of it. Then they were hauled away for a breath of air and a draught of strong liquor, and other men stepped into their places and plied the flames with more of the black food which they so ravenously consumed. The chief engineer watched his charge with a loving eye. Tho State of Georgia was the idol of his soul; eho was his god, his deity, and he worshipped her before all things else on earth. There was not a work ing part that he did not see to himself, not a man that he did not scrutinise with jealousy. The furnaces were choked with roaring flames, but when ho went into the stoke-hole he said that room could be found for a few more shovelfuls, and the firemen got them in.' The pressure on the boilers was already 200 lbs. to the square inch, but they had been tested up to 250, and hi* heart rejoiced as he saw the steam-guage slowly turning towards 220\. Even if there had been no hydraulic test he would have put the pressure on all the same. This was not a time to stick at what had been done on scientific principles; it was the hour for practical experiment, and he meant to run the'engines for every ounce of power they were worth. "When the 250'a touohed," said a stoker, who was resting a moment from his labours, ."she'll bust, on* we shall all be blown to blazes." "We might as well be blown by the State of Georgia's boiler as the shot of the Spanish cruiser," said the chief, who had overheard hira. "It's more homely, because we're used to it. Fat some more fuel on, and shove her along a'shade faster. We shall all go together if wo go at' all. Think of that, and be comforted." " I'm game," muttered the stoker, and he stuffed a furnace until he reeled. Then they i removed him until he came round, mid | another mun took his place. : I The chief went to the upper bridge for a I moment to speak with tho captain, who had, sent for him. The captain greeted him with a mono syllable. "WeO?" ho asked. " She's doing twenty-four knots," said the chief, wiping his brow. " The furnace doors are red hot, and they're carrying the stokers away, as they tumble over, and putting other men to relieve them. She can't do another yard. It's more than we've got out of her; before." "Half a knot would do it," said the captain longingly. "Half a knot—it isn't much." " It's the last straw," said the chief. "It can't bo done. If I could do it by feeding; the fires with my own body, I'd doit—forthe j honour of the State of Georgia. This speed," ho ndded with a glow of enthusiasm, "has nover .been touched by any merchant craft that ever sailed the seas. It's full three quarters more than wo got out of her when we licked the new Yankee boat on tho very last trip we mudo from New York. The American would have gone before her long before this, for the Spaniard's a scorcher.' Ho jerked his head as he spoke, to indicate the cruiser. The captain thought for a moment, then he turned to a wiry, little man at his aide and said, "Well, colonel, you hear; she's doing every inch we can get out of her, and the cruiser's making half a knot an hour more. She'll be up with us before nightfall. "Wc can't escape. Wlmt are wc to do f" Tiie colonel answered laconically, "Take her!" Tho captain laughed. "I would with pleasure if " "Oh, yes," interrupted the colonel, "u can do it. I'vo thought it all out—not as nautical man, but as a strategist;" "ShoV tho fastest cruiser in the Spani? navy," said the captain. "And she carries a couple of "22-ton guns forward that would blow us out of the water in two minutes. Watertight bulkheads won't count if once gets the range of us. Oar weapons are use less against her armoured sides. We could pepper her as hard as we liked and couldn't hurt her. As for her shot, why, one of them conld bo sent in at the port side and go out at the starboard side—through the whole hull—just like going through- sheets of paper." " What's her crew?" asked the colonel. " Say six hundred, all told," answered the captain. "I've a thousand men of my own on board," said the colonel, "as smart and fine a battalion as ever left England, and that's saj-ing mnch." "It's better than having five thousand," said the captain. "Why? demanded the colonel. " It'll be all the leas to send to the bot tom." "I've no intention that they shall go there," " Then we shall have to strike," said the captain. "It's either strike or sink. It's perfectly hopeless to think of coming to a fight with the cruiser. I'm no coward— " God forbid!" interposed the colonel fer vently. "But I think we shall have to cave in.1 " " Cave in 1 Cave in!" repeated the colonel. "That sounds bad for Englishmen—and to Spaniards! Think of the degradation of it." " It's the fortune of war," said the captain. He tried to speak philosophically, but his heart was heavy within him at the prospect of surrendering the property that was in his care. "Three-quarters of a million sterling," he mused, " and to go in the twinkling of an eye. And the irony"of it is that the cruiser's English-built and English-engined. The State of Georgia and she were alongside in the ilersey the day after the cruiser was launched." There was silence for a moment. Then the captain said, "Well, and since you don't think of sur render, what do you propose to do?" The colonel quoted: " And Sir Hichard said again, 4 We be all good Englishmen. Let us bang these dogs of Seville, The children of the devil, For I never turned my back upon don or devil yet.' "Neither did I," added the colonel, "and I'm not going to begin in my old age. - We can't exactly hang them, bat we can diddle them, and that'll amount to the same thing. How long will the Spaniard be before she's alongside?" Seven hours, if his engines don't break down." "Then," said the colonel, "in seven hoiiT3 and thirty minutes he'll he ours. And not a life will be lost unless the Spaniard's pig-headed and foolish. And I don't think he will be. He'll be too stunned." "And how do you propose to do it ?" asked the captain in astonishment. "That I'll explain shortly," replied the colonel. "I'll go below and get some lunch. Yon, I suppose, will stay up here V " I shan't leavo the bridge until the end of this business comes," said the captain. "If I leave before it will bo when I ra knocked out of time by one of the Spaniard's shot." The colonel went below and lunched, and lunched well. He matured his plans, and talked them over with his second in command. "It can be done," said the colonel. " There's not the slightest doubt about that," said the senior major. " It's all a question of ethics " " Ethics be —said the old colonel; they don't count at a time like this. You " can't expect that they should." " Honour used to count in the old days—it wouldn't hare been the thing to act as you propose," observed the major. "In the old days they fonght with bow and arrow. Even you wouldn't say that what .was good enough then would do now," said the colonel The major laughed. "That puts a new light on the matter. Say no more. Your scheme is smart and it's bound to succeed, unless somebody bungles it." "Tho man that bungles it won't live to bungle another," said tho colonel; "at any rate, not if I catch bira doing it. Well, I've got to explain to the captain and you can tell the restof the officers what it is. In a few minutes I'll hare the battalion fallen in. then we shall be ready for the fun. By Jove," he concluded, as he rose from bis chair, "I never felt such an exhilaration before. I'm positively thrilled at the prospect of nobbling the Spaniard." "It will certainly be one of the finest coups in naval "or military history," said the major. The colonel returned to the bridge, and resumed his place at the captain's side. She's almost a knot nearer than when you went below," said the captain. "Then she's a knot nearer her doom," replied the colonel, cheerfully. "I'm sorry Icau'tseeit, as yet," said the captain. 41 She's a knot nearer knocking us out of the water, if we don't haul down the flag. You must remember that we offer a magnificent target to the Spaniard. He could hull us now if he liked, easily—that is, if he's got anyone on board who can shoot. We loom out of the water liko a huge building but as for him, why he's liko a raft at present. We couldn't hurt him, even if we could get the guns well on to him. So you see, I can't quite look at the mutter as you seem to regard it." " Then listen, and tell me what you think of my scheme," said the colonel. Ho was a man of few words,' and soon expounded his Idea. "How's that for smartness lie asked. ' Tho captain strokod his chin,- then gave a low whistle of surprise. "Smart isu't the word for it," he said. " But what about the law of nations ?" "A good deal of its unwritten, and there fore oughtn't to trouble us," said the colonel. " And as for that point, all's fair, you know, in love or war." " Suppose we did it, what would they say at home ?" "It does'ntneedmuchthinkingwhatthey'd say," answered the colonel, enthusiastically. " By Jove ! I can just imagine it. What would they say to our saving our bacon, and adding a good deal more to it ? What could they say that wasn't agreeable?" "Suppose we did it," said the captain, " how about the people who are to follow us 1 How would they fare? You know, all thi ships in the British mercantile marine are no! as large and swift and well-manned as the State of Georgia." Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof/" said the colonel, who was partial to quotations. "What you say is true, but ren ember, we should remove from the seas the most dreaded and most dangerous pest. Onco.get her," the colonel pointed to the Don Alfonzo, "oat of the way, and there isn't much left to molest our merchant cruisers. The matter's in a nutshell—without yon I can do nothing. If you think fit to surrender, then I can say no more. We hanl down the flag quietly and cave in, and we shall have an opportunity of reflecting in dirty Spanish prisons, and living on dirty Spanish fare. All I suggest is a bit of strategy. We have much to lose and much to gain—but infinitely more of the former. Which shall it be ?" "I always had a fancy for the winning side," said the captain, with a laugh, "ana it's wonderfully strong with me just now. I'm with yon." " Then I'll make my preparations, and you'll do with your own men as you tbinl best." I The colonel descended to the cabin onc< I more, and joined the officers who were stand ! ing talking there. "I've explained your scheme,-sir," said th« senior major, "and there hasn't been a voice raised against it." "That's satisfactory," said the colonel. "Now, Whyte," he continued, turning to the adjutant, " fall in the battalion, and I'll be up in a minute or two to tell them what I have to say." Tho adjutant took tlie steps leading to the deck three at a time, and being a smart roan and full of the excitement of a prospective adventure, he had the battalion fallen in and proved in ten minutes. The men stood to their arms in their white helmets and scarlet kerseys, packed like Manx kippers in a box, and the heart of the adjutant thumped with pride as he beheld them. " Good licrd!" lie muttered, " to think of all these fine fellows giving up the ghost to a dirty foreigner with nover a fight for it?" There were aundry other fine fellows on hoard but they were of the sea, and under the command of the naval men, and were therefore no concern of his. "As for the honour of it about which the major had said so much, honour be 'Shun," he snapped, without finishing his sentence, for the colonel had. jnst come up from below. "Now, lads," said the colonel, "we're ia for a smart bit of work." A. murmur of approval went down ths ranks. One or two youngsters, who had never seen anything smarter than a xeviewby a royal dnke, cried, " Hooray !" their excite ment being more than they conld conveni ently bold. "The man who speaks above a whisper again will be hurried off to the cells," .said the colonel. "And it isn't much of the fun he'll see from there." .There was profound stillness, and the colonel went on, "Absolute silence is the first essential in carrying out the scheme that has been determined upon. Remember that. Then each man is to do as he is ordered, and he's not to ask why. Remember that also. As you all know, we're being chased by a Spanish cruiser. You're aware of that, because you've seen her. She's climbing hand over heels to us, and in two or three hours we shall fall into her clutches." The battalion started. They had antici pated much, hut not this. "That is," added the colonel drily, after a pause, " Unless we do something to prevent it." The battalion was itself again, and the colonel went on: "A scheme has been devised by which, instead of falling a prize . to her, she'll full a prize to us. It'll need smart engineering, but it can be done. I expect that it will come off without any bloodshed, but if it is a case of a stiff fight I look to all to maiutain tbe honour of the regiment." In spite of what ho had said about silence, there was a deep growl of acquiescence from the battalion. There are exceptions to all rules, and the colonel looked upon this as one, and passed it over. Had tho men remained mute, he would have been sore at heart. The ship will be so worked," he con tinued, " as to make it appear that wo surrender. If we don't do that we shall soon have the Spaniard's shot cutting through us. Yon know, for purposes of naval warfare . this ship is nothing more than a colossai tin kettle. It's like putting an old Brown Bess against tho Lec- Metford—and we're the Brown Boss." Tho men did not know exactly what the colonel meant by his simile, but they thought Brown Bess must he something hid, and were satisfied. _ • " Tbe cruiser," continued the colonel, "is now within range—that proves it." As ho spoke, there was a loud crash ou the hull, and one of tho machine guns was dis- : mantled by the Don -Alfonzo!* first, shot. ■ The shot was a; lucky one. and was no credit •. to the Spanish gunnery. All the Same.' it caused the captain to send in a hurry for the colonel. The colonel hastened off. *• You know the rest,*'he said to the senior major. "Explain it, and then have the men posted. There is'nt a moment to lose." "If we're to act as you suggest," said the captain, when the colonel had gained the bridge, "the sooner we do it the better. Hallo, there goes another. He can fire all day at that rate, and not hurt anybody. What's the first part of the programme J" 1: "Slacken speed," said the colonel. '.'That's easily done," said, the captain. f'Th*e telegraph doesn't quite fit the present situation, "so 111 have tfc i the chief engineer up For a moment, and tell him just what we want. We mustn't cave in too easily or that might hrouse suspicion on board the*Spaniard." * The chief appeared hotter and dirtier than ever, for he had been poking into all sorts of corners and doing oil sorts of things to goad the State of Georgia on half a knot faster. -• "Slacken down a trifle, just so that the cruiser can overhaul us nicely, and not too easily—a couple of knots an hour will do it," said the captain. The chief stared hard. He could not1 Understand. " Oh, it's all right,". laughed the colonel. " "We're not going to'give your beloved twin j engines away, any more than we're going to make a present to the Spaniard of our own : precious carcases. We're trying a new move i in the art of war." \- The chief grinned and disappeared. A tremendous load had been lifted from his mind. After all, it was better to try another move, for in his secret soul he had been expecting every moment that he and many more would be blown sly- high throngh the 'explosion of the State of Georgia's "boilers. So far the burden of responsibility had been on him, and it was a relief to get it on the shoulders of someone else. • Daring the next half-hour the Hawksliires bad been told off to their stations, and the Don Alfonzo had gained so much in the chase that she was within easy signalling distance and easy range. By way of proving the latter she sent several shots unpleasantly near the State of Georgia, and finally sent one whistling over the heads of the captain and the colonel. ' "The time isn't far off," said the colonel, "for the old flag to come down." •1 "Ho," agreed the captain, " I think the sooner it's done the better for the State of Georgia and her crew—to say nothing of the 1st Hawkshire Eegiment" 1' The captain telegraphed to tho engine room, and the State of Georgia slowed down to half-speed ; then he called a quarter master to his side and ordered him to hanl down the flag. At the same tune he signalled once more below and the engines of the great liner stopped. • The Don Alfonzo came leaning on, and the banner of England fluttered down, and lay in a limp heap at the foot of the pole-mast. The quartermaster would have rolled it up, but the captain shouted. " Leave it as it is, and stand by the halliards to hoist again when J give the word.** • • The cruiser came up to secure her prey. Her captain was puzzled. He knew that /victory in the end was certain, hut he had not expected sudt an easy triumph as this. He dashed up to the State of Georgia in rousing fashion, and a boat was" got in readiness to put hiir on board of lier. His ideas were limited, and it had not occurred to him that the great steamship might be sheltering something more than a mere crew of peaceful merchantmen. In the ecstasy of his soul he muttered prayer?, and promised large rewards to the Holy Mother Church that had so handsomely favoured him. • All the. time he was forging up to the State of Georgia. The thousand men of the Hawkshire Begiment were crouching under every scrap of shelter they could fiud, aria pvere. lying low under pvery open port-hole from which they could fire upon the Don 'Alfonzo. There was much panting from excited men, and much nervous h3ndung of the most deadly rifle that ever the genius of man invented. •i " Oh, my stars! " murmured a recruit, as he saw from a hidden corner the Don Alfonzo approach, "what a herd o' cattle for the butchers! Her decks are as thick with men { "Your skull, you cursed chatter-box,'' snarled the sergeant of his section. "Just you say another word and I'll jam your teeth as far into your throat that you'll never speak more. "We don't want this show spoiling by the puling of a pup like you." it The State of Georgia relied gently to the swell as the Don Alfonzo lunged slowly up, for her engines had been nearly stopped, and she had only way enough to bring her neatly abreast of her quarry. f j The Don Alfonzo came alongside, and her captain stepped into the boat that was lowered and went on board the State of Georgia. The captain and the colonel received him with great ceremony as he gained the deck. "I will, gentleman," said the Spaniard with magnificent pomp, speaking in good English, "I will receive your swords and band them to my coxswain. Your own great; Kelson did so from my countrymen, and I would now return the honour." " f' "If you will kindly come forward," said the captain, "I will go through one or two little preliminaries before discharging that interesting but painful duty." f " "What a splendid vessel! How superb! aCThat a floating castle! " exclaimed the Spaniard in rapture, as he scanned the State of Georgia. " What a prize for my king and country! What a victory for me 1 Gentle jsnen, your swords! " Before we part with them," said the colonel, with the moet polished politeness, "may I. call your attention to twb or three little things ? In the first place, we can sweep your decks from stem to stem—all your men are helpless. See, they have crowded themselves about, and bciujr without arms for tho most part, aro as helpless as a flock of sheep before the slaughterers. You note that point?" 44 Having noted it," proceeded the colonel, 44 permit me to call your attention to another matter. Look here. There arc a thousand British infantry and two hundred British seamen in readiness to sweep the Don Alfonzo with their rifles. Each soldier carries his Lce-Hctford, and the magazines aro full. In one-third of a minute—that's allowing plenty of time—I could send ten thousand Lee-Hetford bullets to flatten on the decks of tho Don' Alfonzo. That's saying nothing about tho guns wc have on board, and all the guns* crews are at their stations. Now, captain, whose sword is to be surrendered ?" "I am diabolically trapped!" exclaimed the Spaniard, glancing despairingly at tho cruiser, 44 hut I am helpless. Ah! my unhappy crew, and my still more unhappy self!" 44 Resistance from yoa is useless," said the colonel. 44 If your crew mako a single effort to go to their quarters we shall Are. Will you order your men to haul down the Spanish flag? Wo have the English flag ready to hoist as soon as we get on board." The Spaniard spoke to his coxswain, and he and the boat's crew returned to the Don Alfonzo. The officer iu charge refused to take the coxswain's message, for ho could not believe it. He shouted to his captain for orders, but he found no solace in them, and the banner of his country flattered down. The colonel gave tho order, and the soldiers of the 1st Hawksbire Hcgiment appeared like magic on the State of Georgia's upper deck, and held themselves in readiness to fire upon tho cruiser at the word of command. The game was up, and the Spaniard saw it. He took off his sword and handed it to the colonel. The colonel accepted the weapon with a profound bow. 443Iv ancestors fought against you three centuries ago," said the Spaniard with cold scorn, 44lmt they did not act in this way. They fought like gentlemen in thoso days." 44 Times have changed since then," said the colonel, toying with the swonl, and smiling. 44 You see, it isn't so much a matter now of doing the gentleman as doing the enemy." The Spaniard did not understand the idicm, and he maintained a sullen silence. 44 It's all a matter of strategy," explained the colonel, seeing that his Utile joke had failed. 44I do not understand yon," said the Spaniard, coldly. *4 Perhaps tile Don would like to rest a while," said the colonel, who by no means Ukcd the Spaniard's tone and attitndc. He turned to the adjutant and said, 44 Will yon kiudiy show him into my cabin, aud see that every courtesy and attention is paid to him?" The Spaniard bowed stiffly, and walked off with the adjutant. A stronir armed force was sent on board the cruiser, covered by the whole Lee Jletfords of tho Hawkshire men. The boats' crews boarded the prize, and the English flag flattered out in tho breeze. There was a lusty cheer as the folds opened, and another as the last of the prisoners were transferred to the Shite of Georgia, and the two vessels got under weigh. 44 Let's make a bee-linefor the Eock," said the colonel, 44 and be banged to the man v:ho can't take his licking like a soldier. I wonder," he mused, 44 if we shall be allowed to add 4 Don Alfonzo' to the battle honours of the Hawkshires, or will the navy claim the glory of this day's deed ?" 