PUBLISHED BT SPECIAL ARP.AL'GEIIENT. WHOSO FiNDETH A WIFEe gy piiara £s (jueus Author efJ'The Great "War in England in 1S97," "Zoraida," "Stolen SonlV' **Guilty Bonda," "A. Secret Service," &o.;, kc. COPYRIGHT, chapter xxirr. A Terrible Teeth. ^HE paper I held in my hand; was the original of the secret j convention between England! and Germany ; the document that had been stolen from me, transmitted by telegraph to the Russian Foreign Office, and bad nearly caused a terrible and disastrous European war. "When I took it from among the letters and saw its neat, formal writing and sprawly signatures, I gazed upon it in blank amazement, unable at first to realise the startling truth. JThere was, however, no room for doubt. It was the actual document that bad been so ingeniously purloined, for it reposed in .the escritoire still in its official envelope. The great black seal affixed by the Earl of Warnliam had been broken, and both envelope and document had the appear ance of having at some time or other, been folded small, besides being sadly crumpled. Beneath the shaded light I examined the enrclope carefully, and detected a faint carmine streak upon it; then, placing it to my nostrils, found that it exuded a stale odour of sampaguitH. In au iustaut the truth was plain. The pink discolouration had been caused by rouge; the scent was Ella's favourite perfume that she always procured from Paris. Xo doubt the document had been carried for a considerable period in her pocket for safety and become crumpled, as papers will, jf earned in a woman's dress. "While the envelope might easily have absorbed the odour of that unmis takable perfume from her handkerchief, the streak of rouge puzzled me, for I had never suspected her of an artificial complexion, nor bad I ever seen the hare's foot and carmine among her toilet articles. 4 Tell'Roberts I wish to speak toiler,' I said, turning to Juckes, who had stood by in silence, puzzled at my strange action of breaking the top of the escri toire. He obeyed, and in a few moments the neat dark-eyed maid cutered. 'Roberts.'I exclaimed, 41 want you to tell me something. Does my wife use any carmine to give artificial colour to her cheeks*?' * Ob, no, sir,* the girl assured me. j * iladam is very adverse to the use of such things. Once or twice, when she; has been going out at night and looked! unusually pale I have suggested a little additional colour, but she has always refused.' 4 Did she hare any rouge or anything of that sort in her possession V 1 in quired. *XoT sir, I am quite certain she hadn't.' ' Why are you so confident V * Because only the other day when I was ill with a s;ck headache madam urged me to use some colour, as my face was so pale. Visitors were coming, she said, and she didn't want me to look like a ghost. I told her that I had no carmine, and she remarked that she had none, therefore nothing could bejdene.' 1 When did my wife pack those two trunks she took with her this evening V \- 4 Last ilonday, sir.' the girl answered, slowly twisting her befnlletl apron in her hands. 1 She received a note by boy-messenger, and immediately set about packing the boxes.' * Did she tell you anything r I asked, adding confidentially, 41 have reason to Relieve that my wife has left us, there fore anything you tell me may assist me in tracing her.' The girl glanced at me in genuine .surprise. ' c Do yon mean, sir, that madam has— has run away ?9 'she gasped»-y~ | 'So—weil, not exactly,' I stammered. ,' But did sire tell you anything?' With eyes downcast the girl paused I in hesitation, answering at last: ' She didn't actually tell me anything.' ' But what do you know about her intentions ?' ' Yothing,' she answered. Then, after a pause, she added, 'Well, to tell you the truth, sir, I had suspicious.' ' Of what ? Do not fear to speak j because I am her husband,' I said, re assuringly. ' I may as well know the! worst at once.' ' She used frequently to receive notes from a gentleman. They were brought by a commissionaire, or by a man servant, who waited for the answer. When they came I always knew that on the following day she would be absent many hours.' ' You heiieve that she met this mysterious individual—eh ?' I asked huskily. ' Yes, for she always told me uercrto admiti to you that she had been long absent. Therefore I had suspicion that she met somebody clandestinely.' ' What was hi- name ?' ' I have never bec-u able to ascertain. Once I glanced at a note lying on madam's dressing-table. It merely an nounced the writer's intention to attend Lady Pearson's " at borne," and was signed "X."' ' Well,' I said hoarsely, after a long silence. ' What else ?' ' Xothiug,' she replied. ' That is all I know, sir.' 'Has my'wife taken her jewels?' I inquired. ' Yo. She has left her jewel-case un locked, hut everything is there. She has even left behind her wedding-ring.' ' Her wedding-ring!' I echoed, as tounded and dismayed. 'Then she has discarded me completely.' ' Ynfortunately it appears so, sir,' the girl observed, gravely. ' Very well, Roberts,' I said in a broken voice. ' Thank you. You may go.' The girl glanced at me for an instant, with a sad pitying look, thc-n turned and left, closing the door noiselessly behind her. Alone, I sank into the chair utterly j broken down, still holding in my I nervous, trembling; fingers the secretI document that secured the peace ami I welfare of the two most powerful j nations on earth. I had at last dis- j covered the hideous truth. Ella, the j woman whose grace and beauty had held i me enmeshed, and whom I had loved j with an intensity of passion that- was j all consuming, was, after all, base and' worthless. Although making a hollow pretence to love me she had cost me aside for this mysterious man who signed himself with an initial, and who met her secretly almost daily. I had been a blind, devoted idiot, I knew, but until I had watched her in Kensington Gardens I had never suspected her of infamy. It seemed, however, that she had no sense of shame, and cared nought for my dishonour or despair. Her perfidy was now revealed in all its painful reality. Ella, whom I had always regarded as pure, honest, and trusting, was a woman of tarnished repute. The fact that she had the secret convention in her possession was, in itself, sufficient evidence, that the mystery surronnding her was deep, and of no ordinary character. Soma had warned me that she was my enemy, and this fact was now, indeed, vividly apparent - How she had become possessed of the stolen treaty was inexplicable. Full well she knew all the terrible anxiety its loss hadyaused me, jmdthejeasation that its revelation had created through out Europe. Times without number I had mentioned to her hour auxious tny chief was to recover the original, so that our enterprising friends in St. Peters burg could have no tangible proof that it had actually existed, ret she had given no sigu that she knew anything of it, much less that it actually reposed in my own drawing-room. I did not fail j in those moments of my despair, to recollect that she had been on the most! intimate terms with Dudley Ogle, the man suspected to have been in tbe service of tbe Czar's Government, and as I sat In wonderment it became gradually impressed upon me that through those many months I had been basely tricked, and that Ella herself, charming and ingenuous as she seemed, was actually a secret agout of the enemies of England. Several facts that I rceollectc-d com bined to produce this startling belief. Because of my confidential position as secretary to tbe Earl of dVarnham it was apparent that Ella, with the assist ance of my whilom friend Dudley ami the encouragement of her mother, had conspired to hold me beneath her spell. She had become my wife, not because she had ever loved me, but because she could feign affection or hatred with equal impunity, and had some ulterior motive in obtaining my confidence. Her firm resolve to ascertain the true facts regarding Dudley's mysterious eud showed plainly that ii they were not lovers they had acted in complete accord, and what was more likely than that he, having stolen the secret con vention, had on that memorable night at the Nook handed it to her, the insti gator of the ingenious theft. Vet an hour or so later he died from some cause that neither doctors nor police had been able to determine. lo her the tragic occurrence was a mystery, as to all, and her refusal to render iuc any explanation of her sus picious actions was, I now saw. quite natural. Held beneath the iron tkral* dom of her masters in St. Petersburg, she dared not utter one word: hence I had remained in the outer darkness of doubt and ignorance. However it might be, one thing was certain, she had been unexpectedly parted from me, either by choice or com pulsion. Perhaps it was that to pose as my wife was no longer necessary; yet, if she were actually a spy, was it not curious that in departing she should overlook this document, of which the Ministry at St. Petersburg were so anxious to possess themselves. Again, as I sat alone before the cheer less grate, I reflected that if she were in the pay of Russia surely M. Grode koff, the ambassador, would have been acquainted with her. Besides, what reason could-llenouf have had in mak ing such careful inquiries, or why did Paul VcrblioudoTitch discredit the truths uttered by Sonia and urge me to marry the-woman X loved? Neverthe less if, as I supposed, my position in the Foreign Office had caused me to be the victim of a clever and deeply-con ceived conspiracy, it was scarcely surprising that the Czav:s representative should disclaim all knowledge of the sweet-faced agent, or that Paul had praised her and cast obloquy upon Soma in order that their plans, what ever they were, should he achieved. Of the actions of Renouf, and his strange disregard for detection, I could form no satisfactory conclusion. All I knew was that Ella's career had bben an unscrupulous and inglorious one, and that she had cast me aside as soon as her infamous ends had been attained. The only person who could elucidate i the mystery was Soma, the pretty girl ! who had been denounced by Kenouf as a j murderess, and who was now in hiding ■ in far-ofi Russia, in some' out-of-the-! | world place where I could never hope j to find her. I£ she were clever enough j to elude the combined vigilance of the i detective force of Europe, as un ! doubtedly sbe had done, there was but :little hope that I could ever run her to ;earth. j The mystery had, by Ella's flight, jfcecn increased rather than explained, Tor the more I pondered the more j deepiy-rooted became the conviction i that sbe had decamped because she had | cause to fear some strange development that would lead to her exposure and > shame. After a time I roused myself, and talcing from the hrolcen escritoire the other_ letters_ it _ contained, _ five _ in number, examined them eagerly beneath j the light. i All .were in the same ham], a heavy masculine one, written evidently with a quill. One by one I read them, find ing that they contained appointments which fully bore out her maid's sus picions. ' My dear Ella,' one ran. ' To morrow I shall be on the departure platform at King's Cross station at 11.30. I have good news for you. Come.—X.' Another regretted the writer's in ability to keep an appointment, as he had been called unexpectedly to Paris and was compelled to leave by the night mail from Charing Cross. He, how ever, promised to return in three days and gave her the Grand Hotel as his address if she found it necessary. to telegraph. Strangely enough the letters con tained- no endearing terms either at their commencement or conclusion, formal and brief, they all relatedoto appointments at various places in Lon don where two persons might meet un noticed by the crowd, ami all were signed by the single mysterious initial. I stood with them iu my hand for a long time, puzzled aud hesitating, the.n placing them carefully in my pocket, together with the secret document I had so unexpectedly, unearthed, I crammed on my hat and hastily drove to Pont street. The house was in darkness, save ior a light in the basement, and in answer to my summons, after a lapse of some minutes, a tall gaunt woman in rusty Mack appeared iu the area below. I was surprised at being thus met by a stranger, but inquired for Mrs. lining. ' Jlrs. Laing ain't at We, sir,' an swered the woman, looking up aud speaking with a strong Cockney twang. ' Not at home ?' 1 exclaimed, sur prised. ' Where is she ?' ' She's gone abroad souicwheres, but I don't know where,' the woman an swered. ' She's sold all her valuables, discharged the servants, and left me 'ere as 'ousekeeper.' ' When did she go ?' I asked. 'This morning. I answered an ad vertisement iu the Chronicle yesterday, and entered on ruy duties 'ere to-day. Quick, ain't it.' The rapidity of her engagement I was compelled to admit, hut proceeded to make further inquiry whether Mrs. Laing's daughter had been there. ' iS'o, sir. lib one's been 'ere to-day, except a foreign-looking gentleman who asked if madame had left, and when I said that she had, he weut away quite satisfied.' ' What kind of a man was he ?' , ' Tall and thin, with a longish dark beard.' The description did not correspond with anyone of my acquaintance ; there fore, after some further questions regarding Mrs. Laing's mysterious departure, I was compelled to wisls the worthy woman good evening. She knew nothing of Mrs. Laing's move ments, not even the name of the ter minus to which she had driven, such pains had Ella's mother taken to conceal the direction in which she intended to travel. Some secret undoubtedly existed be tween mother and daughter; its nature held me perplexed and bewildered. 