DAY BY BAY. I There is nothing selfish or grasping : about Mr. Carruthers. He's a man that knows what he wants, grabs for it, and holds it when he gets it. He learnt to do that, he explains, when he was quite young and tender and innocent, and now that he is comparatively old lie doe3 not depart from it. And in this little matter of federation Mr. Carru- thars .doesn't want much — only almost all there is to want — and he means to have it. "I say," he "emphatically de clares, "Sydney must be the capital!" That, of course, settles the matter In one lightning act, He condescends to give reasons, though, does Mr. Carru thers., "The Governor-General will re side In the federal capital, and the social life of the community will be concentrated there," and Mr. Carru thers apparently feels that existence would indeed be a dreary Sahara to him If he had no oases in the shape of a Governor-General and the nicest society within easy cooee. There Is a profoundly of statesmanship about Mr. Carruthers which might almost ear mark him for our first Governor- General. The ingenuity of the Sru Francisco attorney is great, and his talent for say ing the thing that is not quite superb, j He is now persuading his Interesting client Butler to affirm that lie is really Captain Lee Weller, and he challenges the detectives to prove that he is not. j And really, in a world like this, where i things are not what they seem, It would be very difficult to prove that Butler Is not Lee "Weller, also Preston and Bur gess and Noah and Cain and several other persons. Butler, or whatever his real name may be, has Indulged in such a generous system of. aliases that the chances are he forgets his real name, if ever he had .one. Still, almost any name will serve to hang him in. If he be proved guilty. Lifts or elevators have lately been behaving In Sydney In a manner cal culated to got them a bad name. It would seem that when a lift rope breaks suddenly there is nothing worth speak ing about between the occupants and eternity. Many people laboured under the impression apparently mistaken, that when the hoist rope goes bung there are automatic grippers which seize the cage and hold it. Seemingly, however, these grippers, if they really exist, have a knack of going bung too. Therefore, the nervous citizen is begin ning to view the lift with a certain amount of suspicion, as an engine which may at any moment rush vio lently down a steep place with him. Would it not be possible to fix buffers at the bottom of the well lift, so that, in the event of the rope breaking, the cage would alight with a modified bang? When the average constable (especi ally If a Victorian) discovers a person lying promiscuously on the road or footpath he (the constable) has but one name for the man's disease — "Drunk!" The constable thereon conveys the cul prit — who may be apoplectic of epilep tic, or cataleptic, or smitten by the sun — with more or less tenderness to the police station and dumps him in a cell, along with other alleged drunks and disorderlies, and generally leaves him to corne round by effluxion of time, or to die in an unostentatious manner. Anyway, the majesty of the law is sat isfied and if the derelict wasn't drunk he ought to have been. A case in point has just occurred at Melbourne, where an energetic policeman., discov ering an aged somebody breathing In a. stentorian and vulgar manner, im mediately recognised a drunk and shot him into a cell. With lamentable bad taste the reputed drunk developed symptoms of illness, was carted to hospital and there yielded up the ghost. Now that policeman and his superiors stnnd aghast at the ingratitude" of a man dying not frorp drink, but from something else, after the force had pro vided him with a nice comfortable cell to snore himself sober in. When any apologist for the awesome- ness of J. C. Neild's poems and similar outpourings desires to excuse any specially abject passage, he Is apt to remark that even Homer sometimes nodded. But Homer's occasional lapses in poetic force are trilling as compared with the looseness and Inaccuracy ot his geographical knowledge. For ex ample, ho locates the isles of the Sirens somewhere about the Straits of Mes sina, between Italy and Sicily. It now turns out that the true position of these abodes of the alluring fair ones is in the South Pacific Ocean, and just been rediscovered by Captain Bergman of the ship Big Bonanza.Captain Bergman is the onlv skipper since Ulysses who has come within the reach of the charm and escaped, which accounts for the long period of Ignorance respecting the Sirens and their abode. The Big Bo nanza was becalmed off the islands. The Sirens, who are coloured, came off in canoes, and In due accordance with tradition besought the skipper and his crew to eome ashore and marry them How the captain and ship's company resisted and es caped is not stated, but it may be conjectured that there was a student of the Odessey about the Big Bonanza, who was familiar with the plan suc cessfully adopted by Ulysses, and that the ears of all tho sailors were stopped with wax. The captain with un- stoppered ears lashed to the mast, so that he couldn't wriggle loose when the ladies allured him, and the sailors couldn't hear either the blandishments of the fair, or the swearing of the cap tain when they didn't obey his orders to unfasten him. The Hon. the Attorney- General, has turned up in Sydney again, and been interviewed respecting his impressions. He said that he thought it very unfair for people to find fault with the Pre mier for taking a few weeks' holiday. Members of other Ministries had gone away for a longer period,- and on more Important occasions, and nothing had been said about it. More Important oc casions! Mr. Want was one of the earli est and most pronounced opponents of federation, but he never before man aged to express so cutting a sneer at It. "VVhy shouldn't the Premier of New South Wales take a holiday when a mere matter of laying the foundation of an Australian nation Is on hand! Why Parkes was away while the great sub ject off the Gundagal goal was unset tled.- i Once more tlie splendid valour 'of British troops lias expressed Itself in mowing down hordes of half-armed savages, with Maxim guns. The nigger is a beneficent provision of Providence to enable the good white man to- dis cover the value, range and killing power of machlne.guns. On the occasion under notice the haughty Briton covered him self with even more glory than usual. The row took place on the Niger coast, and we are Informed there was "desper ate fighting," the "native capital" was captured, the "battle lasted from- day light to dark," the discipline of the Housas — black men' "civilised" by the British, so that they might kill other black men— fought with "spendid dis cipline." Of course, the wicked blacks came on by their thousands, but the "un conquerable British" simply formed square, with a Maxim at each corner thereof and— let her go, Gallagher! Later, the British brought a field bat tery of seven pounders into action. The loss of the niggers Is not stated, but the awful butcher's bill of the British was "six men wounded!" Why, there is more slaughter In one of our football ilia iciicu ZED< 