SCIENTIFIC. SCIENCE NOTES. By PHYSIOUS. FAUNA OF TANGANYIKA. . i,c examination of the animals living in ]il, reat lakes of Central Africa is being "W on slowly, and we are learning many L'.npe and interesting facts. In most of «lhikes nothing of a very startling nature , '. ]')een found; all the forms are allied to i;;- found in freshwater lakes elsewhere, I,',: from Tanganyika some very peculiar '-iis have been obtained, and the fauna ?I'm",inid to have a strong resemblance to a IS, iiie one. In the face of the fact that the ! is 2,700ft. above sea level and its water .q fivsli/and that it probably once drained tin..ugli Lake Nyassa, which is also fresh .uTT'iloes not contain a marine fauna, this It is very peculiar. Attention was first !l'iu'vted to the study of Tanganyika by the ili^-ivery in 1893 of a medusa, or jelly-fish, od Uinl.v closely allied to marine forms. A ,v,-semination of the shells of molluscs home by travellers showed, says "Nature," that the medusa was only one member of a remarkable fauna, many of tin' forms of which were as singular and ,i,nl ine-looking as the jelly-fish itself. In (iidiT studv the animals of this lake more do-el y, the ltoyal Society of London and I he llritisli Association for the Advance in, n( of Science sent out MT. J. E. S. Moure to Africa two years ago. Mr. Moore concludes that either the lake itself was at one time connected with the sea, and that n portion of the-fauna thus introduced has survived the gradual change of conditions from salt to fresh water, or else that it is a , --ise of what is known as "parallel develop ment." This term, perhaps, requires a few words of explanation. Any species of plant or animal owes its present form to a natural selective breeding, just as the different breeds of, say, cattle, have been produced in the main by artificial selective breeding. Now. it is quite conceivable that by selec tion. either artificial or natural, the de scendants of two forms may be made to resemble one another much more closely than their ancestors did. So that it is pos sible that the resemblances of the Tangan yika fauna to marine fauna is due not to their being really closely allied, but to the fart that in a great lake the conditions of life in many ways resemble those occurring in the sea, so that a close resemblance to marine forms has been brought about. In either case we are confronted by the diffi culty that none of the neighbouring great lakes appears to have a similar group of in habitants. Still a sudden change in the pa Unity of the water would probably almost entirely destroy the original fauna, which might in great part have survived had the change been more gradual. A compara tively sudden change' has been re corded at some of the neighbouring lakes. Tn 1888 two German travel lers, who discovered and named Lakes Rudolf and Stefanie, found the Rudolf very hrackish, and the Stefanie far too salt to drink, and yet in 1895, Dr. Smith found both these lakes perfectly fresh. So in seven years almost the whole of the salt water had been drained away and replaced by fresh. Mr. Moore leaves it an open question which of the alternatives is the more probable, but hopes, when a careful examination of his collections shall have been made, that we may be in a position to speak somewhat definitely on the point. LIQUEFACTION OF FLUORINE. Several years ago, the researches of M. Moissan resulted in the isolation of fluorine, a pis which stands out in marked opposition to argon, for if argon be the most inert, the fluunne is certainly endowed with the greatest chemical activity of any known matter. M. Moissan has lately been engaged, in conjunction with Professor Dewar, in a series of attempts to liquefy fluorine gas; and their efforts have met with complete success. Liquefied oxygen was used as the refngeratiug material, and under the ex treme degree of cold produced by evaporat ing liquid oxygen at low pressure (three hundred degrees below the zero of Fahren heit s tscale) the gas yielded, condensing to a clear yellow mobile liquid. i j? -'ow temperature, fluorine loses much m its chemical activity. Silicon. I'jiron sulphur, phosphorus, and iron, all "? which instantly take fire when exposed t'; the action of fluorine at the temperature "I the air, cease to do so when cooled to iiiat of oxygen, boiling under atmospheric l>i< >sure, hut turpentine or benzine still "liist into flame when brought into contact w cooled fluorine, for fluorine has a most p".u>rful attraction for hydrogen, which iB nil important constituent of turpentine and '"'"/me- in withdrawing the hydrogen, it (?v.vc8 heat enough, even at this low tem |h ? ;ture, to set the mass on fire. ' "e most interesting property of cooled n.i i itie remains to be mentioned. When a en. icut of the gas is passed into liquid iY i" ^ ^y^te flocculent deposit is pro (i! .-i-ii, which can be removed from the oxy "v nitration. This precipitate defla tes most violently on the slightest rise <'? "'njterature, Its constitution is not yet ?lf (? named; but its mode of origin renders i"' mriume that it may be the long-sought 'e of fluorine highly probable. A TRAVELLING SOLAR SYSTEM, i-vcrybody knows that the earth turns on « ixis every twenty-four hours, and cir v ""iaY'Kates it8 orbit round the sun once a II /' a''8 no' 80 generally known that ' " earth, and all the planets, accompany , l|un.,n a journey through space coin ,'i in'.! w'"ch the mighty annual sweep it Hjilhons 0f miles jg but a trifle. Yet so hi.T' i through the countless ages the sun ? " 'i8 attendant planets have been speed tir l-.ou8" space at a velocity of some "lg 1'J*® seven miles per second. Whether .... . 18 roovement takes place in a closed !Te }s quit* uncertain; so far the sun's patn bag not deviated perceptioly from WVa,§ i 'ne» directed towards the bril «n ! firct-magnitude star Vega. How ,\\{,e «olar system may reach that star, n,>", . . 6 Place in the sky which it now u.l '.18 uncertain, as the actual speed of rnn"i!in '5 lto track has only, as yet, been tub iy determined, but it will probably tnr 5 i?8 8 million years, possibly not than half a million-a quite insigni tw.t L*?aoe °t time in comparison with the ^ ot the system. minfi r"® raode in which the direction and nl«v: 01 V1® BUn'8 motion has been ap *"n*tely ascertained, we all know that 5® We travel acroMeountry the trees, hedges, rrv to open out as we approach them, ud dose in m w, than behind. Bo it is with the stars; those in advance of the sun's place appear to be slowly- very slowly -opening out; those in its rear appear to close in behind. In this way an elaborate comparison of the observations made on the stars in different quarters of the sky has disclosed the secret of the sun's track. The motion of the sun through space is of special interest, inasmuch as it offers to us what is apparently the only chance of es timating the dimensions of the stellar uni verse. "Evidence is gradually accumulat ing," writes Professor Newcomb, "which points to the probability that the successive orders of smaller and smaller stars which our continually increasing telescopic power brings into view are not situated at greater and greater distances, but that we actually see the boundary of our universe." The dictum of the angel in Ricliter's "Dream" is gravely disputed, if not yet fully dis proved; and it the contention of astrono mers on this point be well-founded, the mo tion of the sun must in time enable a fair estimate to be formed of the dimensions of the universe, and consequently of the aver age distances of the stars from each other. At present only a few stars are near enough to tne earth to allow a measurement of their distances; but as the sun travels on they will be left behind, and others will become within a measurable distance, so that astro nomers afew thousands of years hence-if any such exist-will be able to supplement the labours of the present day in a manner hitherto undreamed of. RUM AND BACTERIA. Ab the result of years of observation, it has come to be regarded as an established truth that alcohol, except when much diluted with water, is fatal to animal and vegetable life. Immersion in alcohol has long been employed by microscopists as a means of killing and preserving small organisms. Recently, however, according to "Nature," a bacterium has been found which thrives in this apparently uncon genial medium. For some time past the shipments of rum from Demerara have been "faulty," and considerable loss lias resulted. A sample of rum lias been examined. It was 42 per cent, over-proof, or, in other words, contained 74.6 per cent, of alcohol by weight. Microscopical examination of the sediment at the bottom of this "faulty" sample showed the presence of small bac teria of the kind known as "cocci," ar ranged in chains. After a short time it was noticed that these bacteria instead of being dead, as might have been supposed, became scattered through the liquid, and were rapidly developing and multiplying. or RIO US COLOUR ILLUSIONS. Mr. Shelford Bidwell, the ingenious dis coverer of the mode of action of the "spectrum colour top," has followed up his ex|\eriments, and has been led to the dis covery of some very singular colour illu sions. For instance, a red wafer is laid on a sheet of white paper. Two screens-one black and the other white--are taken in the hand, and held so that a triangular aperture is left between them. The black screen is held above the wafer, and the whole moved sideways, so that the wafer is first seen through the aperture, and then concealed by the white paper. The impres sion of a red spot is succeeded for an in stant by a bright greenish-blue "ghost." So far the experiment is not very surprising, the phenomenon being practically the same as in fhe well- known experiment of staring nt a red patch on a white ground, and then suddenly shifting the gaze to the white, when a green patch (the complementary colour) is seen. But the astonishing part of the experiment lies in the fact that if the light be strong, and the screens are moved at the risht speed, the wafer never looks red at all, but appears as a greenish-blue spot. If the screens be attached to an axle, and kept continuously revolving with a speed of six or eight turns per secondhand the whole apparatus placed in a good light, a green spot on a white ground is seen con tinuously. If a red card be substituted for the wafer, it appears green, and a blue one looks vellow, while « black natch painted on a white around appears whiter than the ground itself. Mr. Bidwell recently exhibited a funny example of the same phenomenon. A pic ture of a ladv, with a green face and blue hair, dressed in a scarlet grown, en gaged in admiring a violet sunflower with purple leaves, was placed behind the revolving screen. Instantly the hair appeared flaxen, the fnop a delicate pink, and the gown pea cock-blue, while the leaves and petals of the sunflower assumed their natural colour*. . There is one explanation of all these phenomena. The sensitiveness of the retina -?.he part of the eve which receives impres sions-is diminished rapidlv by the light which falls on it, and if the lisrht be of one colour, sav red. the (sensitiveness ^ is d:niiniBhed for that colour onlv, but remains unimpaired for others : eonsequentlv. if n-hitc liffht fall on t.he fatigued retina, the rod portion of it will produce less effect than usual in nronortion to the other eolmirs, and the licht will appear to be, not white, but tho colour complementary to red. What Mr. Bidwell's experiments nrove is that the retina can be fatigued bv lic-ht which falls upon it for a time too short to allow of its producing a definite sense impression. This does not. however, account for the fact that, the black «creen is as necessary to the production of the new phenomenon ns the white one. This is because a vcrv short period of exposure to darkness greatly " A FAMILY PARTY." BY B. H. BALL, ANGASTON, SOUTH AUSTRALIA. " THE AUSTRALASIAN" FOURTH PHOTOGRAPHIC COMPETITION. heightens the sensitiveness of ? the retina, and BO ellowB the colour first presented to produce very much more than its ordinary effect. JULIUS SACHS. In the person of Julius Sachs there hap passed away, at the age of 65, one of the greatest botanical teachers of the age. Be fore his time the study of the lower forms of plant life was confined to a few special ists, and botany as taught was mainly con fined to the etudy of flowering plants and ferns. His most important work dealt with the physiology of plants. At the time when Huxley w,is revolutionising the teaching of science in England, Sachs two great works, "The Tr-xt-book of Botany" and "Lectures on tin- 1'hysiology of Plants," were read with avidity by English students. To Sachs, probably more than to anyone else, we owe the gnat change that has in the past thirty years enme over the study of botany. Ihe old school had done good work, and the outlines of clarification in EARLY MELBOURNE JOURNALISM : FAWKNER'S M.S. NEWSPAPER. the flowering plants as drawn by them have not been superseded. To the old school, broadly speaking, the herbarium of dried plants was the fittest object of study, while to the new the fact that plants are living things is ever kept in view. USE FOR ROBBISH. Lord Kelvin recently inaugurated a novelty in manufacture, viz., an electric station, in which the motive power is steam, produced by a "destructor," which is to be fed with household refuse as fuel. Twelve destructor cells are employed, each having 25 square feet of grate area; these supply the necessary heating power to six water-tube boilers. The air required for the combustion of the refuse is supplied by three electrically-driven fans. This appara tus actuates the engines for driving six dynamos, three of high and three of low voltage, the power generated in which is supplied to customers. As the destructors have to be kept burning night and day, while power on the large scale is only re quired for part of the time, it became neces sary to devise some means of obviating waste of heat. This is done as follows: - During the day the steam generated is passed into a targe vessel containing cold water. Bv evening the cylinder has be come full of water at the same temperature and pressure as the steam required for the engines. This hot water is fed into the boilers, which in consequence produce, it is said, one-third more steam per hour than they could do if supplied with water from the mains. The installation belongs to the Shoreditch vestry. As one of the functions of that body is to collect and dis pose of refuse, the fuel for the installation will cost them nothing at all. Why should we not light our Australian capitals in the same way, instead of wasting our rubbish in unsightly "tips"? 