i A SCRIBBLER'S NOTES. t NOTICE from tho Pieton Advocate that broad is sold nt three pence the 21b. loaf, 'or cash, in l'icton since tho beginning of this mon'.'h. I suppose it is a long way too early for our bakers to think of lowor J ing their price yet. / i *LV n ! What can bs thought of such an not aa removing tho lid from nn underground tank containing about n thousand gallon?'of water and dropping several dead rabbits_ in "to it? would a flogging be sorero enough punish.menfc to tho hoodlum or hoodlums who did it 1 This water tank was tho only water supply avp'iiahlo for tho patients in tho hospital, \Vilcanui;a> where this abominable outrago took place, * # * " Clituato last3 nil the time, but weather only a few d'dj-s." This was the answer a school boy gavo to bis teacher's question in regard to climate and Weather. Wo can vouch for tho truth that weather i's very changeable. On Saturday we were oppressed with tho heat, and on Sunday wo were out selecting tho biggest logs wo could find to build tho fire *yith; and we had to tumble our cloths closets alt u.p to get out our thick woollon clothos, wo wero in such a hurry for them. A catalogue of household- furniture and other effects to bo sold by auction nab this week, not far from Bowral, wns put in my hands to-day, and among the things enumerated under the heading of "ball room" aro included 2 axes, wooden tub and butter keg, 12 bagB pollard, 1-1 bags bran, 2 Fide saddles, 2 gent's Baddies, bridles, and eaddlo cloths. Is that an old fashioned, or a new fashioned style of furnishing a ball room? What wero the' axes there for 1 The supper room among other elegancies con tains trunk and tool box, moat cask, steps, and boot scraper with brushes. Servant's bedroom No 2. in cludes a breechloadinggun among its furniture. Was that for protection of the household? rather an onerous duty for ono Bervaut. Why did not the other servant's bedroom furniture include a gun also? The sorvants were however well provMod for other ways, Bides of bacon areiueludedin their dining room furniture, and about 50 pairs of fowls in the laundry. Rather an unusual placo for fowls though, but not surprising, taking into account the ball room con tents, perhaps the fowls needed washing. * ?» * ... Molly Riley has been made quite prominent m our littlo town tho last fortnight. She has not pleased somebody apparently, and then somebody else felt it incumbent upon them to defend her ; and there is a suspicion abroad that there way bo a war over her, a war of words, of eourse, which, however, is not always tho easiest to settle. I do not know Molly Hiley, never heard of her before, but if sho ia a well conduoted young person no doubt she would just as soon as not be left undefended ; and if alio is not well conducted, then there is still more reason that she should bo kept in the background. Tho whole town is not interested in Molly, though, if her best young man choose to sing her praises aloud in tho streei, though it is not in good taste perhaps, yet I know of no law forbidding him if Molly docs not. * » # There need be no fear that the demand for eggs will cease as long as calico prints, wino, and photo graphy aro in use. 40,000,000 dozen eggs per year are used in the calico print works, 10,000,000 by wino clarifiors, and many more millions by the photographers and other industries. It is a wonder thero aro any to Bparo for eating. Every stiff breeze now for a time will bo called a cyclone. * * * The bicyole is getting into the brain of the coun try, surely. It is as hard to get away from as free trade and protection at election times. It is as bad as Seigel's Syrup and Dr. Williams' pink pills, which seem to stare at one from every page they read. True, ono cannot complain of the noise of them, for many an hair has turned white with the uncanny thrill that passes through us as these un canny maohines whizz noiselessly past within about two inches of our unlucky bodies, as we walk quietly and innocently along meditating on the beauties of nature, or something else. The only places I know of to be free from them is in the tangled bush or amongst the tombstones. It was only last week that a girl rode right into a shop on her wheel, and it does not mitigate the case to say that she did not do it intentionally. Intentionally or not it is not pleasant to contemplate, because others may follow her example, and it will be a great inconvenience to Bhop keepers if they have to enlarge their shops to accommodate bicycle riders; it won't pay. The bicycle has a paper all to itself, as well as about half of every other paper printed. This paper is called " The Wheelman," and from beginning to end it is all about the wheel and its riders, makers, and back er?. I do not recommend it to while away the tedium of a sick room, or to read as an antidote to ennui, but to oyclists no doubt it is intonsely inter esting. * ?» * "Should girls flirt?"is the subjeotof a letter in the Daily Telegraph. " Keyes Warnock " in one of her articles in this paper, says "Girls should not fljrt much." I say that flirting is unwomanly and immodest, and girls should not flirt at all, either little or much. It is repulsive to all true and pure feeling, it is certainly lowering to the girl; and be lieve me, young men have very little respect for flirting girls, oven though they do amuse themselves with them sometimes. If a young man is worth making a friend of he is too good to flirt with, for that is trifling with his feelings; and if he is not worth making a friend of he is not good enough to have anthing to do with at all- The writer of tho letter mentioned above says, " Flirtation in its nicest, sweetest sense is the standing on the verge of innocence. That innocence lost and she is right down in the chasm. It is her own fault. You can not blame the match that burnt tho fingers." A girl who flirts may think very highly of herself after a fashion, but she does not respect herself, neither does anyone else respect her. * * # " The high and mighty residents of Moss Vale and Bowral have been celebrating the holy Xmas season by having a little "mountain misery" on their own account in the matter of balls. The jealousy existing between Caesar and Pompey, or between Melbourne and Sydney, is as nothing to the wild envy that surges up between the nicest of the two adjacent villages," so says a writer in the Bulletin. Beading the artiole through one is in doubt whether it is just a puff of scorn, or of veiled friendliness, or a puff written to order, with directions to lay it on thick in certain quarters, or or.ly apuff of superfluous gas. Whichever it is does not matter. Tho papers must have copy and contributors must write as smart as they can,and it is a great temptation to be smart at the expense of the oountry folk, especially by those who take just a little run into it occasion ally. It is enly '. round the world tourist" on a smaller soale. A person makes up his mind to DO the circuit of the civilised world in so many months and then he aits down to write a hook on the man ners and the customs of the countries he has passed through, and it does not enter into his little noddle that there ia anything in them that haa escaped his notice. * The Christmas number of tho Australian Field is an interesting number, full of good reading, both useful and entertaining. There are several Christ mas stories on the good old lines-ghosts included. Thero is an article intirely on ghosts, illustrated too; tho Field illustrations are always good, and tlicaa arc rather above the average. Thcro is the demon ghost with his ugly imps, and the shadowy churchyard ghosts, tho grizzly skeleton ghosts, and tho mean grubby miserly ghost, tho beautiful, mys tcrious floating lady ghosts, and oven a ghost that Ins managed to carry his beloved gold away with him to tho othor world. lint there is more thnn ghosts in it. The artiole on Venice, also illustrated, would muko the paper interesting if there waa noth ing else in it. 