COMPLETE STORY. [PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] Quite Mad, BY PHOEBE HART, Author of " A Silly Creature," &c.;, &c.; [COPYRIGHT] Mrs. Minnie Lennox was one of the most popular women in society. She was rich enough to assist an impecunious friend in time of need; she had brought about enough matches to be styled "the mother's help;" she had patched up enough matrimonial quarrels to be accused of robbing the Divorce Court of its prey: she would get anybody out of a scrape if she could, and if she could not she would not turn her back on them. She entertained largely. She was sympathetic and generous. She was always perfectly dressed; and although a small woman, and not a brilliant one, she managed somehow to be a central figure wherever she went. She may have been thirty-three. Her age was a matter of speculation, as she toned in with the old, and seemed young among the young. Her womanliness was her chief attraction; it imparted a charm to her very garments and trinkets. Nothing jarred about her. Her admirers maintained that she was an exquisite example of delicate plumpness; her fair hair had no glare of gold in it; her features were not marked, they merged into one another with a soft mistiness which stamped her with a peculiar air of distinction. Her face would have given the impression that her life had been passed in unalloyed happiness, had it not been for one deep line which run perpendicularly from a point between the eyebrows and was lost among the short curls on the forehead. That line told a tale. She had made her entrance into society some twelve years before, as a widow under the wing of her aunt, Lady Turner, who spoke pityingly of her, and scathingly of the | defunct James Lennox, to whom she ascribed but one kind action, namely, his perishing in the shipwreck, from which Minnie was miraculously saved. Lady Turner left her niece all her money. Mrs. Lennox often told her intimate, friends that her greatest weakness was a certain indecision of action. "At a critical moment," she would say, " I know what ought to be done, but if it isn't easy to do l can't do it; I haven't the strength, and I let myself go with circumstances. I knew I ought to have refused Mr. Lennox; but everybody wanted the marriage, and so I drifted into it." Then she would sigh heavily. When Colonel Stanmorc asked her to marry him, she said with a frightened gasp: " Oh, no, pleas®, Colonel Stanraoro! I'm a widow; and I thank God I'm a widqw." Her answer to her various^ suitors was always more or less couched in the same terras. So what with one thing and another, backed by tbe bints of Lady Turner, and that lino that marred the smoothness of Mrs. Lennox's forehead, it was voted that the lute lamented Lenuox must have been a brute. Although Mrs.'Lennox was determined to preserve her regained state of single- blessed ness, sbe was never so happy as wheu arranging a marriage for somebody clso. And sne was almost vexfed that while she had been on the Riviera, and was sauntering home via Paris, her pet friend, Lady Mildred Hil), daughter to the Earl and Countess of Chinkford, had got engaged. So Mrs. Lennox had had nothing to do with it. She arrived in London the day before, the auspicious occasion, and she lmd brought in: her trunk a lovely gown which she. knew wonld create n sensation at the ceremony. When Minnie Lenpox went to church on a, Sunday she went to pray, but when she j went to church for a wedding she went to be; looked at. From what sho could gather neither Mildred nor any of her people were exactly proud of the coming union: he who was to be taken into the noble family w;is certainly. outrageously rich, but was colonial and elderly and never spoke of his ancestors—in fact, was a nobody from the Chinkford point of view. But then poor Mildred was over thirty, had suffered many disappointments in her time, had never been a success, and had had the "bitter sorrow of seeing her four younger sisters marry off one after the other, so that she was left lamenting. After all, therefore, Mr. Campden B. Anstruther with his million's,. member of the Victorian, or Canadian, or something Parliament, was very acceptable to the Chinkfords. It was earlr in May, and the wedding day broke fine and sunny. Mrs. Lennox was satisfied with herself, caparisoned as she was in her frock and bonnet fresh from Paris. Her appearance as sbe walked up St. George's called forth that subdued murmur of approval which is dear to the heart of woman. The church was thronged. The bride* \ groom was already tberc. i " There's the old gold nnfrget ! There's Carapden B. Anstruther," whispered Vernon Hill, Lady Mildred's favourite cousin, to Mrs. Lennox. "Look at him!" Mrs. Lennox was curious to see the man who was so soon to become Mildred's husband —she looked hard. Good God! she could not breathe — her blood seemed to have stopped flowing. That line in her forehead showed out suddenly as if it had been drawn in black chalk.. For, in spite of his bald head and false teeth, and gray-streaked beard, she knew Campden B. Anstruther to be that figure of tho past which she had thought conld never appear again but as a ghost—that figure of the past,. James Lennox. There was no mistaking his cold, cruel, shifting eyes. At that moment his gaze met hers; he started slightly, shot at her ono glance of recognition, then turned away calmly, and talked to some people near him. • " He's not pretty, is he ?'•* whispered again Venion Hill. Mm. Lennox forced a ■ smile, and • mur mured, "No." And -she was thinking despairingly, " I'm not a widow—I'm not a widow." Her mind travelled back to that miserable past in which she had played the part of the tortured, outraged, suffering wife. -What should sbe do ? Mildred, leaning, on her father's arm, was already passing her. What should she do ? She knew well enough what she ought to do—she ought to, shriek out hifnniAWT^.-to!-- lsker~-'*n&:A ipaB^AJfftTuijjbund." But all she did wan to repeat to herself in a dull, pained way, " I'm not a widow—I'm not a widow." And 6he felt as if sho would like to rush away to Rome quiet village churchyard, dig a grave there, aud cast herself into it, and be lost to tho world for evermore. Speechless, numbed by the horror that had come upon her, she let the minutes glide, and again Lady Mildred paused her; but this time she was leaning on the arm of her husband, Campden B. Aualruthcr. Mrs. Lennox dared not make a confidant of man or woman. She determined to leave London as soon ns the newly-married couple retnrned from tho honeymoon. She would never see James Lennox again if sho could help it. But 3Ir. and Lady Mildred Anstruther camo back sooner than had been expected, and, much to her astonishment, Mrs. Lennox met them one day at a garden party. There was no second gleam of recognition. Minnie Letraox and Captain Anstruther mot and parted as strangers. ' This reassured her, and after a few more such meetings, she came to the conclusion that there was no occasiou for her to quit town earlier than usual. She did not cultivuto the Anstruthers. neither did she specially avoid them. She knew London would soon disperse. * Although James Lennox seemed as dead as if ho were in truth at tho bottom of the sou, yet she could uot hold herself a widow, and with feminine . contrariness—now that; the thingwusan impossibility—for the first time in twolvovenrsshe wished she "could marry again. . Sho fell into the habit of reviewing regret fully the men among: whom she would have made hoc choice, and gradually the shadow' of u mysterious and interesting martyrdom^ settled upon licr aud added to her rnany-^-' attractions. After Mrs. Lennox ascertained that tho^' Anstruthcra bad gone to the Isle of Wight'-"-• und intended completing their -autumn-•' manoeuvres nt Chinkford Abhey, sho vanished to Switzerland. Thereupon Colonel Stan-; more and Lord Fenwick evinced an affection?-" for climbing the Alps. Veruon Hill wanted-' to lay odds that Mrs. Lennox, as Mrs;-''" Lennox, would soon vanish -altogether ■> However, ho found her at the'commented • mcut of October up in Scotland at Cawdor'-" Custlo : he thoughtshe was looking prettier and svve ''cr than ever, but sad somehow "She's too good-natured," said Colonel*-' Stanmoro drearily—he with Lord Fenwick happened to be at Cawdor Castle—" there's no'tearing her from theso Malcolm children " • "Cursed little brats!" growled Feuwick.^ " hc» iirVln n tM 1 always getting her up in a corner to tell.a fairy tale or something, and it's 'Ho away, you naughty man, this is our story'—and aH-: that rot." Vernon HiU smiled. " Malcolm kids go to bed early," he saidf' " and they weren't in Switzerland." . " Oh! then there's somebody with troubles - to Usten'to or somo nasty old woman who'V dropped her stitches—there's always some-?: body. ' She's too good-natured." • "Hot good-natured enough, you mean, laughed Hill. And that evening alter dinner^ he got Mrs. Lennox to walk with him on the terrace, and he had a long talk .with -hei?? while the other men glared. She bud altered. Ho felt that tho mfahia*:? tion she exercised had' strengthened in. a strange manner. He. had always hked her, :7 but with all her softucss and gentleness had appcurcd to him, as to others, clad in thf independerico of the woman of the*-worlds '1 hat independence was gone now, and in its place was a helplessness, an, appeal ior > support, for protection."" Before, she chads', been attractive and interesting; now, slis* wjis attractive, interesting, and touching into?: the bargain. Besides, she surrounded her-;? self with an indefinable impenetrability 7. she?'; vaguely gave the impression that she wus .azi;' unwilling prisoner, whom nothing could.set? free—she made herself unattainable. Touch ing, appealing, unattainable! Gould'Hay,' such woman—above all, so fair a ono to look-; upon—prove less, than .irresistible? The? stronger the man tho more easily would ho? succumb. .... . ,. " What tho goodness is tho matter with; her?" Vernon Hill asked himself impatiently,^ as ho paced by her side, and listened to her; soft voice with its waves of weariness. • - : 32very moment he spent with her changed? the sentiment he had had for her in bygone? days. Her white satin skirt,, with its old?; lace trimmings, as it flapped against bint< every now and then, thrilled him with its• gentle contact.- ? " I'm going to bo a victim, like the rest of? them," be told himself, scoffingly. ... •; She brought the conversation to bear on the Anstruthers. " I heard they had gone oh the continent," : she said. "I've scarcely seen anything of Mildred since sho married. . You know what it is—one's friends marry and are lost to ouc. At least, that's my experieuco as a rule." She stopped suddenly. "I hope Mildred is h»PPJ.\ "She spends a lot of money and makes herself of ..consequence at last. But happy !. —well—I doa't mean abo's unhappy; but, don't' you. know, there's no * getting any 'forrader' with Anstruther, they all say. so; bo's as cold as a fish in a block of ice." . "I know," said Mrs. Lennox,. with s shudder. ..... "The kind of man it would kill you, Mrs.. Lennox, to be with for an hour." . ... Vernon Hill did not want to waste his time on the Anstruthers, and congratulated him self cm having made an opening to uiiroducoi the kind of man it would not have killed Mrs.' Lennox to he with for an hour. Tho portrait * could have passed for his own. He became eloquent. As a fact, the woman besido him '. scemeS.td~m&&vc.all; on ull that manly in him, and it was only her sighs hind??, little roournfnl abnkes of the hsrid_thRt -:'r absolutely prevented him from begging her,*? there and then, to let him take care 4>f hci' t - for the rest of her life. But sho would not let hira speak outright. She led the way into tho drawing-room:-? again, and shielded herself in a.game of*.? crihbagb with a half-deaf antiquated general-.: who was transported with delight , and -, gratitude. . Later on, when she was alone in her room, :.: her secret crushed her, as .it did sometime?, and sho longed to put her lot in tho hands of::; some true, honest man. Then sho burst into -•/* passionate sobs as the torturing refraip -; escaped her again and again, " I'm not, a; *; widow, I'm not a widow. ..'..-o The next night there was a ball at Cawdory." Castle. Mrs. Lennox was one of those wise ■ women who dress up not only to a cmium-V stance or event but eroti to their own moods. >: Feminine critics, who had no jewels to speak ; of, complained that she also dressed up to her jewels, which wore valuable.enough to. be very much 6poken of. On this nigufc of the ball she felt sad, and her toilet in some subtle fashion betrayed the fact. She had, never received more admiration,. and .tho feminine critics decided that she was not playing fair—they knew of 110 other woman who could make use of her moods to help tho effect of her get-up. Thore she was, with a largo black pearl set In diamonds at either ear, and a larger black pearl sot in larger diamonds standing up from tho baok of the short light curls clustering on her forehcnd,.and an even still, larger blaok pearl set in ovoo still • larger diamonds hold-: ing up her gown on tho right shoulder. There was' no other glint of jewels about her; f-rlie was dccolleltcc, her amis were bare, and her gown!. Ah! that.was where she did not pliiy fair; for it was like sadness itself. It was composed of gray.crepc-de-cbine, of thirty soft dull grays blending one into the other, from that shade that is almost white to that other shado which is of-the tint of a dark, hurrying, angry cloud. The graceful scarves and draperies clung to her as if they were sentient things and loved her; and the lightness darkened from the train upward and upward till the sombrencss of the silky fabric matched tlio black pearl that clasped it on her shoulder—little satin shoes, long gloves, large feather fan,'all gray. In her bosom shehad thrust a bunch, of tuberoses.. The whole arrangement was perfect. "But," said the women", "if she were a | giggler or a eniggerer jtwonld look nothing She felt inclined neither to gigglo nor snigger. -A great painter, one of the lions of the evening, asked her to sit for him as "A Twi light Harmony." The other lion, a famous poet, begged to dedicate a sonnet, to her, which. he would entitle '.'A Symphony of Bcgrets." One man told her she made him think of lost hopes; another, of past dreams: a third, of joys that have fled; and so oh, qnd It was rather late when the house party from the Griffins1-place arrived. Much sur prised, Mrs.; Lennox saw the Anstruthers amongst them. She fled into the .conserva tory, but Lady "Mildred followed her with Anstrnther in her wake. '?• "Whatluck, dear, to find you in these •parts !" gushed Mildred. " VYe're leaving for Paris soon."' Then she decamped with her partner for the next dunce; and left these two alone. 1 "Surely he will notstay/'thoughtMinnic, Buthe did stay, standing there before her, looking at her. His eyes were not cold then, they were ardent enough, and were no nig gards with'their admiration, and they were not shifting; tbey fastened on her as if they could never tire of feasting .on her delicate beauty. Fascinated by his gaze, she fell back jH)werless*and panting. Surely he would not upeak' to her. ' Suddenly' he pulled a tuberose from a basket and put it in his button-hole, and . made a. step towards her. In an instant her 'indignation was aflame—it .was her only counsellor. .How dare lie approach her ? JIow dare lie give even so trivial u hint that there was a link of UDy sort between them ? With trembling fingers she tore the flowers from lier breast and cast them from lmr. For a moment he'slooil irresolute, then he stepped back, turned hkreyes from her, drew the flower from his'coat, and also threw ' away—and ho left her. . Ah Vernon; IliH was bidding her good night I at the foot of the old staircase, lie mid, " I know ; you look to-night like •Sweet j Solitude,! 80 subdued, ami gray, and softened, und -" ■ ' " That's the best name forme," shesighed, | ".for I am alone." ". Wliy should you he alone," he whispered. " Why won't yon let me " " Hush, hush !" But he c&ught; her hand. "I will speak." I 14 No,-no." " V "Why riot?" "Because—because I like yon so much, "Vernon, that! don't want to hurt oi* pain you. You must always think of me as •Sweet Solitude.*1 Good night, Mr. Hill." As she pnssed up the stairs he felt a pang of anguish such as he hud never imagined • himself capable of feeling, for, as she disap peared, she-seemed to float away from him for Thc'ddy after the Griffins' party drove over to lunch. ' Mr. Anstruther held himself aloof from Mrs. Lennox, and she slipped .away after lunch, and did not reappear till' they were all settled on the drag ready to start. She stodG on the terrace and watched the departure. The four horses wheeled gracefully and curved into the centre drive. Suddenly one of the leadets shied—in a second there was a general tumult, and the four horses dashed among the old oak trees. Over went the drag, its fall broken by a sturdy branch. The footmen wero at'the horse*' heads iu a trice. Everybody scrambled to their feet, scarcely tduched. No', not everybody. There was one motionless figure on"* the 'grass. It was Campden :B. Anstruther. They carried him into Cawdor Castle again; the doctor came, and said lie was not to be moved on any consideration, that he might lie like'that for hours, that a nurse was to bo sent for. '. . '': The Malcolms took it very nicely. There this nothing more to he done for the time, so the Griffins' party went off again, of course leaving Lady Mitdrqd with her husband." Lady Mildred's nerves wero decidedly upset. She hud never been strong, and the tumbling off a drag of itself is not a thing calculated to make a weakly person robust. She dung to her fricud, Minnie Lennox, but did riot ficcm to have much to say ubont the man lying in the darkened room upstairs, and of whom ahe spoke ;is Mr. Anstruther. Minnie'Lennox was in a stare of 'great indecision; she would have liked to fly from Cawdor Castle, and yet she determined that if this man was going to die she would be there to see that he was dead this time. And'so she stayed. After two days Mr. Anstrnther became conscious, and asked for Lady Mildred. Lady. Mildred had hot been in his room ten minutes before sho came rushing in to the boudoir. " Will you, Minnie, do. me ..*■ great favour?" she aaid, "will you come to sec him ?!' Mrs/ Lennox jumped up with a scared look. i " He's so strange, and yet his brain seems all right," went on Mildred. "Directly he saw me he said, 41 want to see Minnie.' and he'kept en saying it. And he said, 4 Go and fetch her.' So at last I sajd,- 'You don't mean Mrs. Lennox ?' ' I mean Minnie,-' he shrieked. Tlio nurse begged mo to ask you to come, "but I told her he scarcely knew you, that ho couldn't mean yon. But she said he must hare mixed-you up with somo other Minnie ho "had known—the name had' done it; that you might pacify him; he mustn't get excited. Then hq yelled at me not to jabber. It's disgraceful! Nobody's ever spoken to me like that before." Tears of indignation trickled down her pallid.cheeks. "Do come, Minnie, do; just to seeifyoti can do any good. We shall have him howl ing the place down." . Mrs. Lennox 8 nk into her chair again. Her face blanched, and that dreadful line looked like a dent in her forehead. "Don'tyou go, Mrs. Lennox," said Lord Fenwick. " Why should you ? He's nothing to you. • He'll take you for the other Minnie and kick up a scene or something and make you ill." Mrs. Lennox said nothing. She was think ing. Should she tell them .all now? She shivered. They might turn from her and say she ought to have spoken before—in the church. If she did not go to him ho might tell everything himself in his rage. She shivered again. And if she did go—over crowding possibilities paralysed her at the idea. ... • . " You might come, Minuie," said Mildred. ."He can't hurt you. He's awful.to look at; but you won't mind tbat, you're so good natured." Mrs. Lennox rose. " I'll go with yon," she said. Her mind was made up that this was the; best and safest plan. She nught silence h::n, i or beg him not to speak.. N" i "It'sa shame! She's too good-natured: j and for a perfect stranger, too!" said Colonel j Slanmorc as the door closed on the two i In after days Mrs. Lennox acknowledged | to herself that the next few hours told upon j her as would have ten ordinary years with all their wear and tear. Fear, burror, and -the misery of dread uncertainty took away from her all that was left to her of her youth, and nothrug ever brought it back again. The dying man presented a sorry sight. "Tell her to go," lie said to the nurse, and poioting to Lady Mildred. Lady Mildred did not wait to be told to go —she went. "Givemc your hand, Minnie," said Mr. Anstruther. \- Mi's. Lennox drew back and looked beseech ingly at the nurse. What was coming ? '♦He won't hurt you," whispered the nurse. "Humour .him; give him your hand ; he's dviug. Answer him; pretend you're his Kf•> Minni' "Give me your hand, Minnie." She gave him her hand. His voice was very weak. ••Do you remember the little village church where we were married?" ' I She thought she would have fainted. The1 nurse smiled encouragingly at her, and; nodded to her. " Dou't you remember?" he a.-ked. Mrs. Lennox drew in her breath quickly. • " Yes," she said. The nurse looked approbation. * j •'I wasn't kind to you, was I?" "No." . ' ■ "I thoaght you might do better without me, and I better without you. But I was sorry afterwards—you're the only woman I've ever cared a hang about." , This was getting unbearable. Mrs. Lennox said despairingly.. "It'sa mistake—a mistake. You dou't mean me.'.' The nurse shook her head and frowned. " I do meau you, I do, I do," said the dying man excitedly, and clutching at her hand. ' "Yea, yes," said the nurse soothingly. "Of course you mean this lady. Isn't it so, madam?" "Oh, yes," said Mrs. Lennox after a pause. " You are Minnie ?" lie said. "Yes." • "My Minnie—years ago, years ago —my ; Minnie?" "Yes, yes." There was a silence, and his hold on her j hand relaxed. I "Tell me,." he. said painfully, "toll me I that you forgive me, forgive mo everything. I If you don't, you can—you cnu take your huudaway." Her soft woman's' heart leaped with a mighty throb. There are some beautiful natnres whoso greatest pleasure is to forgive. And she had so much to . forgive—so much,. so much. Miserable scenes she had almost forgotten flashed vividly into life again. The horrible, ghastly past unfolded itself before her, and yet," and yet she thanked God she could do it. She did not take her lmnd away. "I forgive you," she said in her pretty, clear voice. He sighed contentedly and rest fully. "I forgive you everything," she smiled ; and the nurse could not take her eyes from her, she was so lovely. •/ '"And now," he murmured after a'few seconds, "pray for me. Your own words, not the parson's.' Say—say—I'vo been a bad lot, a terrible bad lot, but I'm sorry, very sorry." Woll, here was a departing soul to pray for! She gave no thought to anything else. She fell on her knees. The nurso might think what she liked, and toll the world what give liked. It ever a man needed prayers as ho left this earth it was James Lennox. "Pray^" ho gasped, "pray. Say bad lot, very bad—but sorry—sorry— soriy." : Minnie Lennox, still holding the dying man'* hand, bowed .her head and prayed silently, earnestly, reverently. . The nurse crept from the room. "Wlion Mrs.. Lennox got hack to London she put away the men's photographs that decked her writing-table. All wish to marry again went from her ; she intended to remain a widow. In a few months the line on her forehead became deeper than ever, and it was not the only line on her sad, sweet face. Colonel Stanmore declared she was never the snmo woman again after that death-scene at Mr. Anstruthcr's bedside. 44 It was too much for her," he said. ."The man died quite mad—took her for some* other Minnie—some other wife, don't you know. The nurse said it was awful. He made her pray and all that. The nurse said she was just like some angel standing there. He was quite mad—quite mad; she's never got over And Mrs. Lennox's lady friends said she looked more than her age now, though nobody knew what that was. 