A GREAT WRONG; OR, THE AIYSTERY OF BLACK HIOLLOW GRANGE. CHAPTER II.-- CoN?-UED. He turned to the lounge and looked at the face of the child. Clotilde crept a step nearer and looked down upon the pretty face; it was cold and still; but a faint color presently came to the cheeks, and she could see the eyelids quiver. The mother's heart stirred with an infinite pity and tenderness. " Oh, Andrew," she cried, clasping her bus. band's arm, "he is alive. I will do all you ask, only spare the boy, and let him go back to mysister." " That he may appear by-and-bye, like the ihero of a novel, and wrest my title and my wealth from me? " he answered, with a hoarse laugh. "No, I'm not such a fool as that. I'll make everything secure as I go." "But, Andrew, no one knows. Oh, for Heaven's sake I do not stain your soul with murder," implored poor Clolidlc, in agony. His face whitened and his lips twitched. IHe was not wholly crul ; but he steeled his soul against the pleadings of his better nature, and turned upon her with the faceof ?fiend. "Silence I Woman,rememberyouroath I" he thundered. " The dead tell no tales. He hall die I " She cowered away from him, and he took up the body of the child, rolled it in a blan. ket, and left the room, with the bundleinhis arms. Cloti!de stood white and breathless for an instant, then she clutched ather shall, wound it about her head. anti followed him out into the dark rainy night. She reaclihe the hanks of the Loire even before he did, so swift she flew, and crouch. ingbeneatththelow-drooping branches,waited and watched. lie came on. his step crunching npon the sands. lie approached the shore, half-a- dozen yarlds from iher hiding.place, lowered hisbur. den, anl looked cautiously around. The dreary sands were silent and dark, but from below came the muftled beat of oars. There was no time to lose. cle rasred the light aiundleand hurled It tar out into the darkstream. As the body struck the water, the guilty man turned and fled like one escaping with bis life. Clotilde arose like a spectre, straining her eyes over the black rippling tide. "I must save him," she murmured. " Holy Mother, do thou help me I" Then she plunged in ; she was a fisherman's daughter, and in hergirlbood could swim like alish. Slhe iad not forgottcn the art now. She struck out fr thle place where the body went down. ter eyes watching every ripple with agonising eagerness. Presently she uttered a tremulous cry, for something arose to the surface just beyond oer. "Holy Mother, help mel" she breathed again, as she darted towards it. A few more strokes and she grasped the rising object, and, panting, she made her way to the shore and was soon sale upon the sands. Uttering prayers with every breath, she tore away the blanket and lilted the child's bead to her bosom. 't He breathes I he lives I" she exclaimed. "The water has restored him to conscious ness I" She rined tears and kisses on the little white face. "My darling I Oh, thank Heaven, I have avend my husband's soul from the sin of -murder I _. __ I SThe dip of oars was now heard. She wrapped the child in the dripping blanket, clasped him close to her panting bosom, and then laid him softly down upon the moist, warm sands. "Help! helpl " she cried. "Then, as a boat's keel grated on the shore beyond, and thealund of voices came to her ears, she bounded up and darted through the rainy darknesss like a lapwing. And the little lad, the wait of the wreck, all stunned and wounded, anti half drowned, yet still alive, lay abandoned by the brink of the swift-flowing river. Clotilde sped on over the sodden fields with a strength and endurance almost super human. Her cottage was closed and si:ent when she reached it, yet she quivered with terror as she crept to the door, lest her husband should have returned. Despite her terror, however, she entered, for within; in his little cot-bed, lies herson, the one child of her wedded love; and no peril, no dangercould cause her to for sake him. She crept in and found that her husband was still absent. Looking down upon the sleeping boy a swift thought came to her. She would take her child and run away, no mat. ter whither, soshe could escape from her mad husband. Swift as lightning she tore off her wet gar ments and put on her best apparel; then she took the sleeping boy in her arms and darted towards the door. She was out, and the summer rain was fall. ing on her throbbing head before she remem bered her oath, never, under any circum stances, to desert her husband. A piteouscry came from her ashen lips, and she reeled like one in a faint. " 1 swore by the crucifix," she moaned; " I dare not break my oath." Herhusband's laugh ofexultation answered her. "No, you dare not break it," he repeated. "You are a dead woman if you ever do. Take the lad into the house, and bestir yourself; we have as tI'.m to lose." She obeyed him without a word ; and before break of day they were on their jour. ney. CHAPTER IV. THE MYSTERY OF BLACK HOLLOW GBANGE. " Lenore, my dear, I have good news for jout this morning." Miss Trevethun arose lazily from her favo rite sofa in tue recess of the bay-window and closed her book. The very handsomest young lady in all London, the belle of the gay season that was only just over, and ans heiress in uer own right, this was M~is Lenore Trevethon, Sir Geoffrey Trevethon's ward and kinswoman. The baIrioWfrtowcd gaiiantly as he drew forward a chair, " Good news, my dear," he repeated, sub, bing his shapely white hands together; "ex. celient newst Come, now, cau you guess what it is " The young lady's wonderful blue eyes dark ened, and she brought down her dainty foot a trifle impatiently. "No ; I shall not try. I am not good at _guesing, Sir Geoffrey. If you have anythit. i to tell t'lat is worth hearing, pray speak out at once. 31y book is so entertaining, and it is very provotiug to be interrupted." I Sir Gieotffew smiled graciously on his im- i perious young ward. Uf all guardians that ever existed he was the kindest anil most for bearing. From her childhood pretty tiss I Trevctnon had reigned and ruled like a qu True enough, my dear. But when one has good news, you know. So you won't guess Well, well, I must tell you! Richmond is coming home." liass Trevcthon threw bals her graceful head. and laughed until the room rang with silver echoes. " Well, now, Sir Geoffrey, that is too good a joke. Ricihond coming home Why, he has been doing the self- same thing for the last twelve months or more." " So he has, Lenore, Hli is a sorry dog, as I told him in my letter, " don't wonder thlatyou are indignant. Indeed, the wonder lies in your extremetorbearanc," "My forbearance, Sir Geoffrey! Bless you, sir, there is no need for forbearance1 Itich. mond could not please me better than by sta. ing away. I only hopehe'll make a trip to the antipodes before he reaches Eng. land," The baronet laugned with genial good humor. A pleasant, handsome, good.humored gentleman is Sir ?ebffrey thirteenti baronct o hi line, albeit hil brow la lurrowed sad his hair growing gray-a ftarotie wiso aui who kn-w him, tspecml ly with the ladies. A dozen times he Ilght have chosen a wife from the fairest and best born ,women in the land since his nacession to the ba. ronetcy; for smte cause he had seen lit to romain a widower. Some say that anyouthfu folly, w hichl cas.d so maon trouble betweenI him and his deadl fa:ther, cured him forever of all thoughts of lore: others hint thalt he lives loyal and true to the one woman for whose eake he rcsigni? his noblhe birth. right; that his heart is buried in his wife - far.away grave. . - At all events the bhtronet tis nl mnarried, though his chances have ooun tempting,l'or sometlhing over half a seore ofi years he lets worn the honlrs of his noble race, an;t led a genial, hospitable life at tise aincetratl mn isto, Lyndith IL1', an upright, hnomtotale gentleman, a COnristian, tonl a pbilanthro. pist; a uan'widely buluired and uiiersally trusted But for some reasonlhisfir ward and kins. woman has neieir thlroughl!y lined her guar dins, tlhough she has lived under his roof so many years. Shed obeys him or, to tellthe truth, he obeys her. for the pretty, spirited creature has a will of her owe,'and SirGeof. frey sulffters her to have her way, and indulges all her caprices. Ife only controls herlimu mense fortune. Of thatI Lenore is itterly ignorant and equally indifferent. She only knows thatshe will forfeit it-all the fins old estates and the immense Treetthon wealth--if sihe fails to marry Sir Geof frey's son before she attains her twenty first year, and being passionately feontl of elegancea, andl ease, and luxury, Miss Trevethon has no dream of forfeiting her right to her queenly heritage. Sbhe well knows the conditions of her poor father's will, has known them since her chili. hooed. Sihe knows, too, that ycars ago, when she was scnrcely more than a baby, she was most solemnlt betruthed--indeed wedded to her cousin RIichmond. From the neat gold chain that glitters on her white bosom the tiny symbol of that childish marriage still hangs. In his last will, her father implored his only and dearly beloved ldaughter not forany cause to set aside that childishl marricage but in obedience to his life-long wish. to become her cousin Ribchmond's wife. F:ailing to obey his wishes, Miss Trevethon forfeits hier riglht as heiress, anl the Trevethon fortune goes to a remote seion of the family, and sheand her cousin are both left penniless. Blut Miss Trevethon has no thought of dis obeying her dead father's last wish and will. She holds tlhat marriage of her childhood sacred and binding: the tiny betrothal ring glitters on her bosom, and when Richmond comes home she will marry him. HEr guardian knows this well, and, trust. ing to her integrity, allows her ubtoundled freedom. Since her return from Cte French convent, where the better part of her youth bad been passed, her life has been a series of srccesses. Her first season was a triumph, and she has received some of the very Ceat offers that Delgraria can afford. An earldom with its tempting coronet has been laid at her feet, and she has rejected it, as she rejected all the others' When Richmond comes home she will be. come his wife, and make him master of her splendid heritage, the heritage so rightfully his own. Richmond lingers abroad, has lingered for years, with the fairest and richest bride in wide England, awaiting hIis coming. But Lenore is by no means impatient; she rather dreads his return than otherwise, she Ioots her girlish freedom so well. She knowslittle of the man who was her boy-bridegroom, and is to be her future husband, for they have seen each other only at long intervals, anli very brief periods. Whaet hlie is or is not she lhas had little opportunitiss for learning, yet,de spite her repugnance, her utter indifference, whenhe comes, she will obey herdead father's command, and become his wife. The baronet knits hisbrows a trifle darkly at her laughing response, bat his answer is en tirely pleasant, " Well, well, be is certainly onhis way to England this time. We may look to see him anyday now in a week's time, and once here," he adds, with pointed gallantry, "he will never care to leave a~ginu - "o which hanttenrg assertion the ynoung lady makes no response whatever; but her chaperon, and the baronet's bosom friend, Lady Halstead, rising from another sofa, taps bet jewelled snuff-box, as she remarks: " It is most devroutly hoped he will not, for the good of all concerned, myself especially. The sooner he gets here, and the sooner the legal wedding is well over, the better I shall be pleased." " May I ask why " questioned the young ilndy, serenely. The dowager shuts her snuff-box with a sharp snap. "You ask why, as if you didn't know. Why, I shall be as gray as a rat in another month or two if I don't get you well oilff my hands. Catch me in such a fix anainl I ihere's not a day in the week, Sir Geoffrey, out she throws me into a fever with her fol des. She is the very maddest madcap outside tf Bedlam." Miss Trevethon shrugs her white shoulders .n imperial scorn, and the baronet only tmiles. The dowager toys with her snuff.-box and :ontinues: "And now, in view of Richlmond's return .nd the approaching wedding,I want to know, .n the name of common sense, if you do not .ntend to abandon that absurd trip to the flighlands I" Sir Geoffrey, for answer, merely bows to. ward his ward. She lifts her radiant glance trom ber open book. "Our Highland trip cannot be abandoned," she replies. "We shall leave Lyandith HalL within an hour." "As the queen wills," responds the baronet, with a second bow. It is part and parcel of his policy to indulge his fair ward in all her whims, and this trip to the IIighlands is one of them. "As the queen wills," is his gallant answer to all lier requests; he only asks to manage her vast forune according to his own will. Lady Halstead tosses her pet pocdle, Bijou, from her lap in puire vexation, and the little animal ftics whimpering to the shelter of Lenore's arms. "As the queen willsl Well, IIeaven be oraiset, the queen's reign will soon end, in. less Richmond Trevethon is as great no idiot as his father. I'll make it my business to give tie young man a hint or two when he arrives." And she nods scverly toward Lenore. her black eyes twinkling with a grim hlumor that softens the asperity of her speech Si'il go tomyOrOi anu make readyfor the journey. We will go, and grill, and starve, and sleep on the ground like cattle, and mix with barbarians, because the queen wills and before a week ends the queen will come home, lheartily sick of her folly andt with hier complexion finely tanned for her wedding. day," ' M?ly weutalg.uay? ' repeats Lonore, too. sag aside he book and stroking oijou's silken ears. "I'm sick of the soind of it already. Dear, dear, I do wonder where the barbarous custom of mnrrying and being given in marriage ever origilnated I" h" hy, in tl e Garden of Eden, to be sure," laughs Sir Geoffrey. "1 only wish it had ended there," re torts his ward. "Pray, Sir Geoffrey ring the hell, and I'll have Clotilde come and dress me." Sir Geoffrey rings and bows low to his ward, as if she were indeed a queen and him. self her most devoted subject. And t witthin aon hour a large party leaves Lyndith llall for the Scottish hills. Sir Geoffrey's party have been in the neigh borhood of the baronet's shooting-bon some days before Lenor sees her way clear to no uomplish the object she h ad in view when shs planned the excursion. It is a glorious morning, the air pure and bracing, the sunshine lying warm and golden over the purple moors anedshaggy tills. Mliss TreVethnn is out for a long walk. She pauses, ankleadeep in yellow gorse, iylien thb blueo moke from the shooting-hox fades be. bind the line of black fire. "Clotilde," ad:dressing he attendant, " we are out of ;gpi:t of the whole stupid party now; Sir Geofrey has gone deerstalking* Landy Mhalatead has sprained her foot, and the day is grand. My opportunity has come at last-tn'm une to l? !Io. u -13 roaett" The woman looks up, with a sudden start. her sad, worn face growing a shade moro ghastly. A strange creature to look at, is this com. panion of Miss Trevethon's-a creature upon whom the blight o' Rome awful crime, or terrible sorrow, must have fallen. She is not much past her prime, yet her abundant hair is as white as snow, and there is a carious look inher introverted eyes,a sphinx-like mys. tery in her frozen face, that suggests the con. dition of a somnambulist. But lMis Trevetbon is quite fond of this, her ghostly companion, for since hei carli. est recollsction, Clotilde has been with her like her own shadow, niAl we grow to love the creature with whaom we have been long familiar, no matter how un'iaiily they may he. ,. Lrnor loves this woman, wio fn lowswl;cr ny an i night, with thel dar:i wsratclril d.t. v•;is.sn of a dog; antl it at :til i' . rovincg Impatient of her constant sirserillidre, ita y.tcrg heireEs treats her iunkiilli,.ir e is ij i? t! repent the minluteu afterr. l ir , 'her pir don, which C;otilde reaslilv.graust.:, , For, tiispite her sphinx race, the poor siul is t>on. lier and gentle, and 'dcoted to hir lbves: young mistress.. :.. , :: ;. :. . " Black Hollow GOrange, M: slm Tieve. thonu . 5" " , i " SThe word fell huskilyifrom her ? ie? , Black lfondi'' n,, rncs' if, with a dleaiut: laoul.I.,.lt is se-cr in-ler 'omcwhero, ii'ihe mtisot of those bhick. hilill Sshall be surem tol a I tl There".i'il .oir peace, Clotilde, I know what y?r' woli?, sa. I know all abbot the rr?essaie oC hlinse , Alut p sine I... l ay anl isiris t lst.wfsl surier--l' e hInrd i' a n:it the glssts and" all that, but I'm ' glin'l Te oorlcss . I n '. o" anol she brinsas ldwn Iher pretty foot with decided smphais. - I've 1 ,' ,iild to sea the place all my life ; I think o. it all idny anddream of it at night; I have a nmion, Clotilde-I hare had verr sincet he 1r.n i l awful story, a strange notion tliht if I cm. get into that old Grongc, I shall;iiriisois clue-" . Miss Lenore, for the love of lIeaven; hush I" "And, wherefore? VWhy, Clotild, you always are ghostly to look Bt,l hit nowe v.--r face is like chalk, at you rknee shakke uuder you. What's tl matter" . " Come home, M:si Trerethon 'I implore "Not 1 IMy opportunil v has coi -and Ie waited for it too lon to let it slip: lI going to Black Ilullou- gi ?.lro ."But Sir Geoffrey-if he. should" find out " . * , ; i . , ) . Miss Troeethon snaps her slender whilec fingers. . . Sir Geoffrey won't eat us. I've tskedllhi dozens of times to let me visit tlhe ol.'place, buthe 'lways frowned like an ogre. ani said no. Sodid'Lady Ialsttead. They donn'teven know that I'm acquainted witll the awful, particulanr of my poor mother's mitrder'and my father's strange disapple ar buanc t I am.h . I know the whole story from beinnin-. tb1 end; old Kisby told me evervthiing." What an awful thing it was, Clotildel" n Her fresh young face whitensas as sh tiurn it toward her companion, and a shinddir runs through her lithe frame. : . :e ; ?t . "Yes, an awful thins,. Miss Lenore,. you should never have heard It, anil. you must not think of it now. Come, let us g4 back." . . . - "I wont; I'm going to Black Hollow. irange. As I said the notion haunts methat once there I shall find some clue by which to Golve the mystery of my poor father's fat'e T lid this obiect eolely in view when I nlijitb. this excursion; for once 1 have outirittes - Sir Geoffrey. Come, we've no time to idle ; the station cannot be far away. We have the day before us, and even if we do not succeed netin gettig back to-night there will be nogeat harm done. Will you come, Clotilde 1 Do you hear me ? Why, then, do yon stand and gaps like anidiot?" ". . ,: "I can't go, Miss Trevethon." " Do you mean it, Clotilde ? Can it be po tible that at last, for once in my life, I am to: be free otyour shadow? 'I am rejoiced at the prospect, I assure yon, and I bid yon'good', morning The young lady turns on her heel with a' scornfui iaugh,but diotilde's tremuloustouch detains her. . . , , . " I beg your pardon, Misi Treevthoin but I hare tried to make mrself nieful to you nll these years." Her white lips quiver and her eyes fili witK tears. Poor, desolate soul. herelt as she iha been of every earthly tie and forced to enure a living martyrdom, thee one slitary comfort of her wretched life is her love for her young mistress. . : , Lenore sees the pain in the poor meek face, and instantly repents of her unkind. ness. " You have been useful, my poor Clotilde,' and I would not be without you for worlds..' There, forgive me, and do not take my silly words to heart." : She gives her a carreusing pat on the cheek with her slender, soft hand, as she con tinues: . . . : "i Come, now, we are friends again. We should never fall out, Clotilde, if. youn.onld only keep in mind tlie fact that I always'do hare my way in the end; and certainly it would be wise to permit me to have it in the beinninr, and thereby save your breath. "Miss Lenore, I cannot g. For the love bof heaven, do not think of visiting that awful place 1" Miss Trevethon's swift anger blazes up afresh. " Whynot? For feac of encountering the ghosts of my poor murderedi father and mother " she demands. "Heaven send 1 might see them I Alive ordead, in the body or out, they would be most welcome. Why, Clotilde, you are actually shiverinc. What a coward you must be. Or, perhaps," she adds, struck by asndden thought, "youa know something of that terrible mystery ? I hare long wondered what secretyon carry locked up in your heart. It must be a dreadful one, judging from the look of your face. Is itcon cerning the mysteryof Black Hollow Grange? Can it be possible, Clotilde, that you know something and have tept it from me bal these years I" The woman whitens until her face is like ashes, and she utters a piteous, gasping cry, " Oh, Miss Trevethon. how should I know? It is cruel to think I do." Lenore throws aside the hand that clutches at her arm. " Perhaps it is cruel," she replies ; " bt, then, if you know nothing of the mystery, you need ihare no fear of thie ghosts. Onces tor all, will you come with me or not '" \- TIeannos- O .. " Then I shall go alone." "Oh. Miss Lenore, stop I Yon must not. Sir Gcllrcey would be so angry." ." Sir Geoffrey's anger can cool; Stand asidle, Ciotilde !" She pushes her companion out of the way and wsalks rapidly onward, not deigning another word or glance. Clotilde follows, wringing her hands in an agony of distress. \- Se r--ir- oeuon-at a rapid pace. Sihehas mate up her mind to visit Black Hollow Grange at all risks, and in the teeth of all opposition ; and, like all her race hefore her, Miss Trervethon has an iron will. Presently the shrill shriek of a locomotive greets her ear, and she sees a thin cloud of ssuoke carling over the summit of a brown hill. The train is coming. She quickens her steps, her heart throbbing with pleasant excitement. A turn in the road brings herin ighlt of the way station, with its red flag fluttering in the breeze ; and she succeeds in reaching the platform just as the snorting engine comes up. To nE c.-Xrmnc n. Dr. Willi.l \Wrieht, whose isork, " Pal. myr.i nnd Zeinbias, w..4 to be i'ssed in \uc?t ' by Mo.-isr. Thos. Nelsno and Son,. visited Palmyra twice, and made extelsive civations, ;nd. a freeh exalntation of thb ruins and inmcriptions. He had m:Ilny adenll tunres liriing ten years aninug the citieB ol Pa,hanu andl in tho desPrt, and these may heO ohf t aid in ~'ling local coloring to Su: " Henry I" HE: "I orrors I Don't interrupt this in, spiration. I am-" SSuE : " My dear, I only wanted to say -thbt--yo haie-dipped-your- pen-into-tl coffeo." Printed and published by the Proprietors, KAIIN & Tnoasos, at their Offce, 168 6O 170 Queenaberrystreet, North Uelbourne, TzLEPHONE 1191. 