WHEKE LIFE TS CHEAP. The wickedest town on the American con tinent is Cripple Creek, Col., according to the experts. To an influx of desperadoes it owed a great labour striko of last year, the quolling of which required a sheriff's posse of 1,800 men, horse and infantry, armed with Wincestors aud supported with Catling guns and cannon. 0 General' Jack Smith was the commander of the minern' forces. He appears to have been a desperado almost from boyhood. Coming to Cripple Crteic over a year ago, be found himself in the midst of a horde of men of like character, and it took them but a short time to foment a labour agitation among the miners. Destiuctiou of mining property, theft, and the murder of non-uniou miuers began to be of regular occurrence^ At the out set of bis generalship Smith made his head quarters ou Boll Hill, a mountain whose every approach could be guarded. All the trails and roads were mined with dynamite that could be touched off through wires from the summit, if necessary, to drive away an invading force. It was given out and believed that tbe strikers had caunon on tbe hill, and on acrag a fort was built, a corner of it being vi&iblo; by the aid of glasses. For over a month the miners owned Cripple Creek. They made daily raids into private houses for arm« and ammunition, and appropriated anything else that caught their fancy. Other outrages, too numerous to particularise, were committed, but the most malicious was the blowing up of the Strong Mine shaft house The superiutendeut and two men were in the mine at the time, and would have perished but for the fact that one of ^hem was au Oddfellow and one of thu strikers, who belonged to the same organisation, opened tho covering of the air-shaft. A few weeks ago some of Smith's friends were put in the Bull Hill lock-up for a | misdemeanour, and Smith shot the padlock off the jail door and liberated them. He then began to look for the marshal, with tho , avowed intention of killing him, but his intended victim was quicker with his gun and toppled over both Smith and a companion named Popst. Smith lived a short time after receiving his wound, and bis la»t wish was for a Christian baptism, which was 1 given him by a Catholic prn st who was near. Among others who contributed to the liveli ness of Cripple Creek at different times was Lalla Hingloy, whose antecedents wero un known, but who was evidently a man of educa tion. He mtidu a strike aud then spent hismoney in buying the driuks for everyone in sight. He had a playful way of drawing a gun and apparently compi-Uint; the only too-willing crowd to drink with him. On ono occa sion a young tcuderfoot. was iu a saloon where Lalla made his play, und, thinking him self in danger, fired a pistol shot through his coat pockit. Lalla dropped aud died trom hemorrhage, but before he yielded up the ghost he delivered a sermon on his wasted life ^and the golden opportunities for redemption that his Leareiv wero missing ; it was so powerful, ho eloqut nt, und so touching iu its tragic surrounding as to cause a score of strong men to weep liko children. However, the town finally ohlaiuul an officer, who wus acccrdol the greatest respect by tho tou^h clem« nt. Mo rshil Charley Norton's absolute tearle«*uess was never better illustrated than when a mob gathered to lynch him. They had a rope, aud just as a resolution was passed to bang the mar.-bal, the intended victim made ! his way out of a salcon towards them with a j revolver in each hand. 'I understaud you fellows want to hang me, ' he said. ' Here I ! am.' Tbe crowd was so dumfounded at the reckless bravery of the man that everyone i sneaked away. J Gambling of all kinds goes on openly, adver- j tisemeuts of the places appearing iu tbe local j papers, and printed cards posted up behind the I dealer in a majority of the games inform the I uninitiated that ' this, ^jame never closes.' On I one occas'ui a placer drew a guu to avenge a I fancied trick of tbe dealer, but thu latter fired ; through the table, taking a spot out of tbe ten I and the ball crashed into tbo mau's head. The j corpse feil forward on the table, the dealer pushed it back into the seat, and went on to the end of the deal. The patrons of the dauce halls | are entertained by women of tho lowest and most depraved class. Somo of the best variety pel formers in the , West reach Cripple Creek and also some of tho worst. It is a very' common custom to shower silver dollars on the star:), and this was carried out with a vengeance once iu tho case of Dolly Emerson, a woman who some years ago was at the head of the variety profession in the West, j Silver dollars fell around her like hail, some being thrown with no gentle hand, and one man hurled a tobacco sack containing two ounces of j placer gold. He was in the rear of the house, and his aim was either too good or not good enough, for the sack struck Dolly on the fore- j head, knocking her senseless. Her lacerated feelings were smoothed over by tbe generosity of the shower. 342 silver dollars, as well as the gold dust, being picked up by the theatre attaches aud handed to her. 