LOVE -IN:A MgSK or, THE STERNE. MYSTERY. C- PTEP- XLVI.-(Continued.) Neel was startled, but he stepped for ward, saying boldly, for he saw that Sir John had averted his face: "Father, if I did not stand by you now I should be an unnatural craven in ticed!" "I do not deserve this," murmured Captain Campbell. "I-never understood the meaning of love until now. - Sir John and I were always enemies and r: vals. We have done each other many litter wrongs in the past; but the crime of conspiring to ruin the fair fame of his wife, and those that should bear his name, by a mock-marriage, is unpardon able. I make no excuse ; the scheme was mite and Castlemon's, because we hated Sir John. We met Mr Lawson at she gaming-table, and, attracted by his glib tongue and knowledge of biblical quotations, we taxed him with being a parson, but he strongly denied it, though ihe confessed to having studied for the Church." "I was ashamed of being seen in so wicked a place," the clergyman inter posed,. "though I had been driven by lack of funds to try my luck." "Then it was," proceeded Campbell, "that our scheme began to ripen. We confided in Lawson; but I'll acknow ledge that we did pot-obtain his consenit until he had been paid fifty. rupees and had a promise of fifty more when his work was done. In a few days an ex pected uprising of the natives took place and we seized that opportunity to get Sir John and the girl that he had cheat ed us both of to go through a marriage ceremony that was to be in reality no marriage at all. Our colonel had been killed, and his daughter, who was allianced to Sir John, needed protection. I do riot think that I need dwell longer upon this horrible subject. Only let me say how thankful I am to Heaven that 3Ir Lawson deceived us. To me there have been long weeks of bitter-bitter remorse." For a moment he was shaken with cleotion. "In self-vindication," -put in the clergynman, "let me say that before join ing in the shameful plot, I made full in quiries about Sir John Sterne and -Miss Mervin, and knew that no harm could result from a legal marrl ge between them. Then the affair enti ly esbaped my memory for years." Suddenly Sir John spoke: "I have been terribly punished, but am by no means blameless. It Is true that Campbell and I hated each other as young men. But let it be forgotten. When I discovered the fancied wrong that had been done to me and my little child. I was not responsible for my ac tions . I searched high". and low for Campbell and Castlemon. with murder in my heart. At length I heard that Campbell had fallen in battle, and I re solved to mutilate his dead body. or finish him, if any life were left. My unerring instinct guided me to him. He was half buried among a heap of slain. I flashed my sword in his face and he legged for mercy. He was parched with fever's burning thirst. Satisfied that he was dying. I laughed at him. wished him a speedy journey to a darker world, and left him." He held out his hand to Campbell anid added: "I believe that I deserved'your ?ate, but I forgive all for my sister's sake." Captain Campbell was too overcome to reply, but he grasped Sir John's out stretched hand, not letting go until fir Lawson exclaimed: "The butler and Lord Crawfield's valet hiave gone into the church. The earl is r:ot far behind." Even as he spoke the Park carriage rppeared at the foot of the hill, and as i: passed the reetory, Captain Camp lbell stood at the. window by the side cf Sir John.. " The accursed scoundrel !" muttered the baronet. "I saw his yellow face as t:he carriage passed!'" For a moment the clergyman left the roen., but came back saying: " Follow me to the vestry, please, through the passage that communicates i 1ith the rectory. Make as little noise as possible." The whole party obeyed, .on the very tiptoe of expectation, Sir John leaning .n the arm of Markhlam, and Captain Campbell walking between his son and wtife. Captain Parker could fio little else but give vent'to ejaculations that'had bet ter be left out of print; while his wife and Annette brought up the rear. They passed into the vestry, and it re cuired the restraining hand of SIr Law pon to stay Sir John from rushing for ward, and attacking Crawfield, whom he could see half-supporting the-beautl ful Elsie at the altar rail. "Where is MSr Lawson?" the voice of C'rawfield demanded, uangrily. "I am here, my lord," was the reply, as he advanced. "I am here to save this ,onor child from you, -fiend thatyouare!" Then it was that the earl's blazing eyes rested upon Sir John and the party crowding into the doorway; then'It was that Elsie sprang into her father's arms t.sith a cry of joy. CHAPTER XLVII.-ELYSIUMI,' Quick to think' and to act; Lord Crawfield knew that he was cornered-that there was not a ghost of a chance for thie success of his ehleme of making Elsie Sterne his wife. -Hs could not understand how lie had been so cleverly hoodwinked, or how the mian he knew as Castlemon had escaped from the well. And here was Sir John Slterne, whom he had believed to be dying thousands of miles away-here he Was back at Blairwood, arid appardntly in improving health. "I owe this to Grant, curse him!" he thought. "I understand' his warning Iwon! He has beaten me'with my own weapons. If I ever meet him again, it a his life or mine!" "My lord," Captain Campbell-said, "I will not now press you for the payment You promised, and I give you credit for knowing in your own mind that I was not Castlemon. but '-Harry CampbelL n'hen I betrayed my knowledge that You were a murderer, I knew that you W.ould try to kill me, and was prepared for you. The man updn whoin you in tended to shift the crime was? present, and saved me from the well. ;:I donlot know if it is:Slr John's:intetion to Punish you fori drigging and kidnappl?g his daughter, biut-while [: forgi'ing ,you for assAulting me, I intend .lnforming the police of what I saw in" the Park on the night that Zeba's cottage was de sCroyed." "Your accomplice, Grant, has fled." re marked Sir John. "I would advise you to do the same. You are a young man, Clever, wealthy, and of the highest social rank, but your future is blastedil by your own wicked and unscrupsulous mind. T?hough you richly deserve it, it w'ould be inexpressibly pLainful -to have your agony intensified by-a weary trlal before a gaping crowd, and -e agree to give yOU twenty-four hours in which to leave the Country you have disgraced and dis lOnored." "As much to escape an expose of your Own scandal as lenience towards me." Sneered the abject ,wretch. "There is no scandal in Sir Johln's life." iaterrupted the clergyman. -"I am the fian who conducted the ceremony which made Miss Sternio's mother a legal wife. Tou have been imposed upon in every ' "There was a touch of sarcasm in Mfr Lawson's tones, and with a fierce impre Cition Lord Crawfield turned and hur ried away--out of their lives for ever. STith Kemp, the pompous butler, and his valet following close behind. Wihat trmns they made with him for services rfandered will never be known. Meanwhile, Lady Helena had fainte?d, i and reco'vered at least half a dozen -lioes. The expected annuity ihad meltedl Way, and she did not at all relilsh the tmnner in which Sir John regarded her. 'A± last she fell sobbing at his foot. and ,.J told to leave 'lairwood Park that very day. (214W 'You shall not face the world penni less," Sir.Johnrisaid; l"but .I will not ha've one :elemenit ofl-discord' under my roof -an instant longer' than is necessary. Go to some hotel or just wherever you please, and I will send you a cheque for five hundred pounds.- After that I wash miy hands of you, ungrateful woman that you are!" The party left the church and entered I the carriages that had returned from the Blairwood Arms, and so great was the I joy upon every face that any passing I stranger would have vowed that there had been a happy wedding. 'At the-last moment, however, Noel ex pressed a desire to walk with Elsie to I the Park rather than ride, because the exercise and the sweet, fresh air wotld 1 help to banish the lingering effects of the narcotic that still clung to, her system. Upon this Annette suggested that she should ride on the.box beside Stretton.I She did not mind t ablit-in 'fact, slie would enjoy It. ' The requests of the ?oung ,people were smilingly gralited,' and, when they I were alone. Noel caught Elsle td o his i breast in a mad, passionate embrace: ' "'Oh, my darling," he .said, ''I. can t hardly believe that all this is real yet! i But yesterday welwere in darkness and pain; and now Heaven itself Is opened = to'us, and we are bidden to enter." She answered him with a kiss.and a happy sigh, and they walked together, clinging tightly all the way until 'they came to the. embowered lawn. 'which Noel called 'the "Court of Love." " Again did they recount all that was "beautiful in the past, but'the most Ulbliss Cal moments that memory recalled paled befob the exquisite joy of the-shining present. l Though the reader mayi anticipate pretty accurately euhat became of the people who have played their parts inn this story, he or she would feel a little dissatisfied if the author neglected to chronicle the actual facts in black and white, so I will gather up the'threads and lay them before you. "Lord Crawfield took the advice of Sir John. and fled to the Continent; but, not iri accordlnce with Sir John's advice, he 'was breathing vengeance against Grant, whom he still believed.had duped him. Though he searched for the lawyer for many' weeks. he met hlni at last ac cidentally, to be shot dead on the instant by the man whom he was seeking. There was no malice or premeditated intent to kill in the lawyer's act. He was simply frenzied by.fear, after being chased over Europe by a man who had sworn to take his life. Then Grant dis appeared, none knew whither. The blow was a severe one to the pride of his wife and stepdaughter; but Ade line Cleveland consoled hgrself by inar rying an aged and impecunious lord, who gave to her the shelter of a digni fled name in lieu of ready cash. The gentlemanly Mr Kemp was forced to leave Blaiowood somewhat hastily. To his disgust, he was paid his clain against William Stretton in full, and saw his'hated rival reinstated as head gamekeeper. Then the banns were read at church by the clergyman, and there was so much malice in his heart that a little of it bubbled from his mouth. This reached the ears of people who had had reason to dislike'him, and upon the very day that Sthetton and Annette were married the gentlemanly Mr Kemp was tarred and feathered by a few who had feasted not wisely but too well. He fled. and never came back again. Meanwhile Sir John had adjusted his accounts with the readjustment of his mind, the result being that an accumu lation due to his sister.amounting to up wards of a hundred thousand pounds. was transferred in a proper and legal manner and to the satisfaction of all parties, with the reservation that he de ducted every fraction of the money paid to Captain Campbell when he was known as James Castlemon. This was insisted upon by the captain himself, who settled down as a model husband, and industriously. employed himself to the shrewd investment of his wife's un expected-wealth.. : And -all this while Noel had been work ing slavishly, his time being about equally divided between his studio in London and Blairwood Park. In five months he had painted half-a dozen portraits. and the picture that was to make his fame and fortune-had been accepted by the Academy. With this great news he arrived unex pectedly at the Park one morning, and Sir John greeted him. with a-' merry laugh. "Here again!" he .said.' "Noel. "my boy, I think that you had better, set up your studio here. If you are not con sumed with 'impatience to go:in search of Elsie. I would like to say a few words to you." ' "I am listening, uncle: but pray don't be long: I hai·e grand news myself. vMy last nicturd is accented, and 1--- "Well, well! I will be brief. You and Elsie are to be married neixt month, and as all this will be yours and hers one day, you must not take my ewe lamb away from me. I am an old man-much older than my years, and I want a young head and strong hands to help me in the management of my estate. I love Elsie. even as much as you do-in a dif ferent way,, I 'love you lad, because-" Tears gathered in his eyes, and Noel grasped his hands. . "Uncle,". he said. "your will is our law in these things.,I should hate to take my darling away from you, and nothing will please us better than-" . "Better, than what?" Interrupted El' sic, suddenly entering the room, her face radiantly lovely with the great hiappi ness that had come into her life. " Why, notliing will' please us better than :to make our home here after we -are married, sweetheart," Noel conclud ed, laughingly, as he kissed her' blush ing face. '"It is papa's wish,' darling." Elsie ran to her father's arms and kiss ed him fondly, saying: "I never want to- leave . you, dear ppapa--never!" -'Only for a little while,. You must have a nice honeymoon,", he smiled. "And that reminds me that there Is a big box of. wedding presents for youi from Captain Parker:and his wife. Now that I am satisfied I will leave you to your love- making. I see that Mr Law' son is coming across the lawn." : Sir John left theti togther to that In effable bliss which the true and the tried only know. (The End). 