The «-ilcrnllon Convention. WohiiTO now boforo us a full list of tho Convontion can'diilatos, and an nmusing ton minutos may bo spont in studying thorn. . f ); . . . For tho ton Boats thorn aio 49 mn LVidiitus. Tho first is Mr. J. O. Watson, « M.P., a compositor by trado; who now livos ^as n labor politician. Ho is raw and inox porioncod. W. F. Soboy, wlio givos his oc cupation as Socrotary of tho National Pro tection Longuo, an ox-Labor man and ox frootrudor, and a furmidablo wind-bng. Thomas Bawdon, of Graftou, a forgotton politinian of no importance. W. Hughes, M.P., an ox-uinbrolla ropaiior, now a labor mgnibor; W. i'. Oi-ife U.V., solicitor, a good 'dtnHtitutianaliBt, Ulu) nn orrntio poli tician; BiciiaroS. Sloatli, luM?-. minor, of' Brokon Hill riot fain'6-W4.j6. Dowoll, n ro joctod M.P., a molancholy fi(.uro at tho Sydnoy stroot coruora ; Frederick Flowors, a JJomain ojator, wlio ouco cauio scontiug a Boat in Guudagai, and an undesirublo olo mont in any public gathoring. Tho next candidate is Mr. Lyne, loader of tho Opposition. Wo fpar Mr. Lyno hns not givou much attontioa to Iho federal uroblom, but ho is an able man, and no doubt ho will be of asistanco in tho deliberations. His olection is .also dosirablo, inasmuch as ho will bo loador of tiio Opposition whon tlio CoinTndnwonlth Bill to bo framed by the Convention is brought beforo Parliament. Aud ho may bo Premier, and his asaistauce will thea bo needed. To rojeot him for theso and other reasons would bo a groat mistake. E. D. Mitlon, 6ftJ., journalist, proprioto?tJMJj2 Buurke neftspapor, is a young man, as is a'hso.. Mr. Ashtpn, another E. E. 6'Oonnor, in a pritato lettor, says ho would like to see Messrs. Millon and Ashton oloctedi Mr. O'Oonnor's opinion must carry great weight. E. W. Abbott, tho nowspapor lettor writer, is also uursiug a forlorn hopo. Ho has uo chanco. Thon comos Cardinal Koran, whoso election is certain. The Daily Telegraph and other papers ridiculo tbo nttompts that aro being uiado to arouse Boctarian bigotry ngaiust him. James Martin, the ironmonger, is also on tho list, but ho will not b? among tho tea selected and there is no Btrong roasou why ho should be. Sir Joseph Abbott, the Spoakor of the House, is also a candidate ; ho would uot;bo missed, and besides ho is a lawyor, and too man}* lawyors are not desirablo. John Bridgo, the wool-broker, is nominated. Wo thought his friouds ivould not havo allowod him to go to tho poll. IThs^ newborn desire of his for such distinguishod'public honors, passoth- human uudprstuudyig. Juhn Fer guson, of Broken Hill riot farao, W. G. Sponco, tbo strike organiser, aud W. A.Hol man,. the Domain orator of Daily Post fanio, come next; and at thoir hools wo find A. H. Griffiths, labor M.P., who puts ou more side with loss roason than any other man in the House; Georgo Black, who is somowhat notorious ; the leader of the labor party, Mr. McGowon, who admitted in Gundngai.that he has not patience to read nnythiug about federation, and that lie gets Ms laeas oy 'listening to blokes talking '; Q. T.: A. Miller, the mournful member for Coomn, and John Haynes, M.P., who would make a good modol for a liguro representing Auda city. Mr. J. T. Walker bus made tho best attempt at tho solution of tho financial prob lem up-to-date, and although unusod to politics, his services would be of groat value at the Convention. Edmund Barton, the leader of tho foderal movomont, will .pro bably bo roturned at tbo head of tho poll. He is shaky on the railway question, but he is open to pouvictiou, Tho railways shouldi 'if possible,' bo foderatod, aud we are glad to ^'notice that this view is taken by Mr. Wise. ;If unfederated the war ^f differential rates will be as bad as tho war\f tariffs, and the producer§ji'fl!»gain littlo bi federation. i;' . Mr.MoMillan, who'Toprosonts the com meroial element, should be returned by a big 'majority. Ho is a thorough federalist. ?; Who is Heury Dawson, of Entnore 1 Is he one of tbe many political failures one meets about the colony ? The Convention would not lose much by the rejection of Bruce Smith,' as it is possiblo to have too many 'barristers. If Johu^Nortou ? were not so AB«nt!n' liia ni.ilitv Tpntllrl (vivn him rrnnr] ' blaims to a seat on the Convention. Henry ''.?'::. Oopeland, the ex-Ministor for Lands, Bhould '['?' be elected as he is an able, liboral man, and 'a' thorough Australian. Besides ho is not a ?;-; barrister and with his long and distinguished ??. 'political career he has claims upon the oloc i,,-;tors. .Dan. O'Connor and Harry Foran, ?/ I .'gentlemen,' are merely out for airing. Mr. '? ; Oarruthors has not contributed anything new ? ';;',. to the federal question, and being another ? -lawyerj his rejection would not bo a calamity. : : Dr. Cullen has not the ghost of a show. John : rSee would not bo of much use on the Con ?V'iyention.' E. E. O'Connor will nearly top ??'i ' the poll. Sir A. Eenwick is merely wasting ::j:,'hJ8.timeBtumpiiig'tho.oity. E. W. O'Sulli. ,- yan, -a professional pqlkician, will be among .,.);h'e'reJBeted;..(io..willE.\W. Eeid (whoever ?. fee is),' Frank Grinirey,-Moug-!nt Eobertson, ? :?? L. F. Heydon (the hoad of the geobung party)! 80 off ery Eagar, and Andrew Arm ? - aivnnir. The Premier will of cnni-an ha ' elected. Many havo rospondod to the call, ': but few will bo ohoseu. The Southern eleo ?'.' ? torates will, wo trust, assist ia-ieoping crauks '??'.' out of. tho Convention.— Gundagai limes. ':J- ??-. . s=ss==s=sa=s We have been asked to state that the E. S. & A. Bank did not, as stated, lend Mr Geoghegan £1000 on some properties in Kiama. J;' King ..George of Greece lms serifc n 1 message to tho i'owers, stating that his V. patieiioe' hns been, osrhaiisted by tho . wj(bolding of reiorms in Crete, 