\- SUPREME COURT. * Misri-rG APPEAL. TUESDAY, MAT l8. VBefpre th* Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Sens man, QH& Mr. Justice Stone.) CASS STATED FBOM EAST COOLGARDIE. This waa » case stated on appeal from the decision ef the Warden of the Fast Coolgardie geldfield, in a matter in which Henry Frederick LeyHandcock (appellant) rwas plaintiff, and Martin Nolan auï Robert Thaler (respondents) were defendants. 'Mr. Walter James appeared for the wppellant, and Mr. R. S. Haynes for the ¡xespendents. Mr. Haynes raised the preliminary objec- tion, based upen section 86, sub- section 2, of the Goldfields Act, that ne deposit had been lodged by the appellant upen giving notice j«f appeal to the Full Court. He pointed ¡out that if the ease proceeded he had no security for costs, and that in this colony pwith ita moving population the Act should |ke complied with on this point. After i argument, I The Chief Justice said that the point ¡taken by Mr. Haynes was a good one, for the question of finding security for costs was a condition precedent. The Court had pre " viously held .that gi»ing notice of appeal < was a condition precedent, and it was im- possible, according to the section quoted *y Mr. Haynes» to disassociate this cou ' '(dition from that of giving security for posts. In his epinion the appeal could not ¿be proceeded with. Mr. Justice Stone entirely agreed with the decision of the Chief Justice. Mr. Justice Hensman was of a differ- ent opinion and did net think that the giving of saourity fer costs was a condition Sreçadent t« the appeal. Ho thought that 'ihp clause referred to made the matter of A depfsiy r*?t with the direction of the Warden. In h_ opinion it was open to the Coqrt te adjourn the case, and direct Shat security be' given for costs in' the Meantime. , The appeal was dismissed, costs being flowed after argument. This concluded the business of the Court i .f Mining Appeal. PULL COURT. ^Before the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Hens- man, «nd Mr. Justice Stone.) ÎIUDGE y. THE ADELAIDE STEAMSHIP COU- PAIT?.--AN. IMPORTANT DECISION. The Chief Justice, in giving his decision ¿eserved at the hearing of this case at the last sitting of the Supreme Court, said that fhe plaintiff sought to recover damages from ¿he defendant cempany as compensation ^or^injuries received by him whilst working ' for the company, on board the s s. Alagonia. i The plaintiff was a lumper, who was en- gaged by ene Mortlock under instructions received from Hughes, the foreman of the * defendant? company, to assist iu unloading the Alagonia, then lying in Fremantle li arbour. The defendant company were the charterers of the vessel in question. .C'ontributery negligence on the part of the plaintiff had been pleaded, which plea, however, bad been abandoned at the trial. {The only defence relied upon was that the flefendant company as charterers were not iable for the injuries sustained by the plaintiff; that they had no control ever the management of the vessel or its un- loading; and that they were not respon- sible for any defect in the support of the patches, winch, in fact, caused the acci- dent and gave rise to the action. The Jury by their verdict found that the acci- dent in which the plaintiff was injured «rose in consequence of a defect in the iiatohway gear due to the negligence ef those if ho weis responsible for the security of th« hatchway; and they awarded .£160 as damages to the plaintiff. He had directed that judgment should bo ,«ntered up for the plaintiff for this '.amount. The present pioceedings were \- »u appeal 'against that direction. No objection bad been taken to the finding ,*f the jury, and whilst that finding stood 'the responsibility for the injury done to >he plaintiff must lie between the owners pt the Alagonia and their servants on the jina hand and the defendant company, the Shartorerg, and their servants on the other. put the only question which they had ,-hen to decide was, " Is the defendant Company liable?" The answer to the ¡questipu depended on the construction .which should be placed upon the charter £>arty, whjch document was the only .evidence offered by the defendant company. _!y the first paragraplrof the charter party .thevessel was guaranteed to be "tight, etaunch and strong and in every way fitted for service required," etc. By the third paragraph it was stipulated that the aowners "BERII provide and maintain a full Complement ef officers, engineers, firemen £nd ere tv and pay their wages and shall during the continuance of their oharter party maintain the steamer in a thoroughly »Koient state in hull and machinery for the service to be perfermed," etc. The fourth paragraph provided that the oharterers Jhonld " pay expenses of loading and un- loading cargoes." By the sixth paragraph ¿t was provided that the Vessel should be »mpleyed by the charterers iu any lawful trade and between any such safe ports and places aS charterers might desire, etc ; and for the crew to werk the cargo when yequired, charterers paying usual over lime. Under the terms of the tenth paragraph the charterers were at liberty ," te fit any additional winches or cranes or gear for leading and discharging cargo . »hey might think fit beyond what was on .flooard at the commencement ef the charter jiarty." These were the only provisions ¡which seemed te bear upon the question Vhich he had to decide. The accident which gave rise to the action was caused fey a defective and insufficient cross-beam which should have supported the coverings of the hatchway. The plaintiff, stepping on te these coverings, which were not pro _»erly supported by the oross-beam, which lad become warped, wat precipitated into the hold. The jury had found negligence, jbut did the responsibility lie with the (defendants P It was argued that under the (terms ef the oharter party it was the duty »f the owners te provide for the security Vnd sufficiency ef the beam in question. Ho doubt the ewner3 guaranteed the vessel .?" to be tight, staunch and strong and in ?very way fitted for the service to be equired." Sut it seemed to him that it (might reasonably be argued that these Vwerds referred te the seaworthiness and f the general fitness of the steamer for %uch services as she was to perform, and Would set be taken as a guarantee that a aross-bar over the hold should not become 'warped. Again the owners were bound .* to maintain the steamer in a thoroughly efficient state in hull and machinery for the service te be perfermed." It would be ¡difficult, he imagined, to maintain that the efficiency of the hull and machinery were in any way impaired by the defect in the .cress-bar which caused the accident in .question. Yet on the other hand it had to &e; admitted that the control and manage- ment of the space allotted to the cargo, 'which might entail the duty of seeing Îhat the hatchway coverings were in a »roper cenditien, had net been in clear terms handed over to the charterers. It ¿night with seme show of reason be urged .on behalf of the plaintiff that the defen- dants' ought to be held responsible for the Accident because they only could have seen aware of the defect in the cress-bar. lío witnesses for the defence were called, 1 und upon this point the plaintiff could not be expected to give evidence. He took it that no one, except in the case of urgent ;aeed, would have the right to enter the Jiold which contained the company's cargo without their permission. The hatches could, therefore, only be removed under their supervision or with their consent. It might be assumed that when the vessel ?was first banded over to the charterers by the owners the crossbar in question was in good condition. If it became defective \ .whilst it was being handled in the service «f the defendants, why should net the de- fendants be held responsible ? If they were ¡sot bound to repair it themselves, was it not ¡their duty to Bee that it was set right by the owners ? These were questions which wer» .not capable of easy answers in favour of _he defendant company. It was evident {that the defect was in existence when the ship was last loaded. On that occasion the loading taust have been carried out under the supervision ef the defendant company ?S 0Í i% «mate. ÏM the ÇOjnp»»» incur no responsibility by sending the-plaintiff to work on a hatchway which they knew, or .ought to have known, was defective ? The Attorney-General had put a case before him which, however, was not analogous with the present one. In the present case the defendants knew, or ought to have known, that there was a lurking danger in the work on which the plaintiff was em- ployed. Both tlje other judges were of opinion that no obligation rested upon the defendant company either to repair or to get repaired the defective cress-beam. It must be admitted that the term3 of the charter party nowhere clearly gave the defendants the right of entering upon the vessel for any other pur- pose than that of loading or un- loading their cargo, and as he had been upable to find any direct authority for holding the defendants liable in the circum- stances of the case he would net formally dissent from the judgment of the majority of the Court. The case of Murray v. Currie, Ii.B" 6 C, p. 24, on which Mr. Haynes relied, did not seem to him to support the plaintiff's case, Mr. Haynes argued that if the stevedore was liable in that case, the defendants in the present case, who were acting in the capacity of stevedores on their own account, must also be held liable. If the defendant company ia the present case were liable it wa3 not in their capacity as stevedores, but because a duty rested upon them to take reasonable pre- caution to ensure the safety of these employed by them in loading and unload- ing the vessel which they had chartered Mr. Justice Stone thought it was clear from the charter party that the master and crew were not under the control of the de- fendants, nor were they paid by them except for overtime when engaged in load- ing and unloading. There was no evidence that the defendants were aware or ought to have known of the defective hatchway. Although the plaintiff's counsel en- deavoured to fix them with notice upon the ground that, a3 they had to load, they ought to have known of such defect, on the other hand there wa3 ne evidence to show that the defendants did load the steamer. Under the circumstances he failed to see in what way the defendants coffld be held responsible. The owners guaranteed the steamer to be tight, staunch and ptrong, &a.;, and by so doing they tacitly invited them, their agents, and servants to board the vessel for the pur- pose of unloading. In his opinion there was no more duty cast upon the defendants of examining the hatchways, before they em- ployed men to unload than there was for them to ascertain whether the deck of the steamer was in such good order as te admit of the men going on beard for the same purpose. In order to fix the defeqlants with liability it was necessary te prove some breach of duty on their part or on the part of their servants. It was clearly the duty of the owners and not of the charterers to see that the beam whioh supported the hatchways and formed part of the h nil of the steamer was in good order and fit for the purpose for which it was re- quired. The case of the Óiitao Coal Com- pany v. Huntley would appear to establish that the master and crew were the servants of the owners and not of the charterers. For these reasons he thought the judg- ment entered for the plaintiff should be sot aside, and judgment entered for the defendant company. Mr. Justice Hensman said that it was impossible not to sympathise with the plaintiff in this action. He had sus- tained serious bodily injuries by no fault of his own. But the question to be determined was whether those injuries were caused by any neglect ef duty on the part of the defendants. The jury had found that therp was a defect in the hatch-i way gear which caused the accident, and that there was negligence on the part of those who were responsible for the security of the hatchway. Did thee videnos shew that the defendants were responsible far the security of the hatchway?" He was of opinion that it did not. By the defendants' charter party the owners agr»edto guaran- tee the ship to be tight, staunch, and in every way fitted for the service required, and to maintain her in a thoroughly effi- cient state in hull and machinery for the service to be performed. The owners were to provide aud pay the captain and crow and the charterers were to work the cargo with liberty to employ the crew for that purpose, paying them for the service. The defendants employed their own men to unload, amongst whom was the plaintiff. The action was therefore by a servant against his master for a neglect by the latter of his duty to his servant. The duty of a master was to exercise reasonable care in the selection of the persons he employed to work with the servant and to provide proper gear and materials for h¡3 servants to work with. No complaint had been made as to the first point, and he was unable to find any evidence upon which a jury could say that the defendants had neglected their duty upon the other point. They had contracted with the ewners of the ship to provide a vessel in all respects fit for the service, and he was of opinion that the contract obliged the owners to have the vessel not only fit to carry cargo, but safe and in proper con- dition for its unloading. He could not see what more could be expected from the defen- dants than what they had dene. The defeet was latent. It could only have been dis- covered by previous examination and ex- periment. There was no evidence that the defendants either knew of the defect, or that they ought to have known of its existence. It was a structural defect in the hull of the ship, for which they wero in no way responsible, as to which they had made express provision in their agreement with thfl owners, and against which no care that they were bound to exercise could have provided. Under the circumstances, and without expressing any opinion upon the question of the liability of any other person to the plaintiff, he was of opinion that the defendants were not liable for the injuries which had happened to the plain- tiff, and that judgment ought to be entered for the defendants. Upon the motion of the Attorney-General the appeal was upheld, and an order made that the sum of ¿S150 damages paid into Court should be returned to the defendant company. MOTIONS FOR ADMISSION. The following gentlemen were admitted to practice at the Supreme Court of this colony :-Charles Baxter Cox, Kenneth Mccaskill Eastman, Walter Forster Bird, Harry Sutton Wyatt, and Horace Belmore Joseph. In the matter of Charles Edward Sewell, the judges agreed to allow it to be placed further down on the list, as the ap- plicant was ill with typhoid fever and a certain condition had not been fulfilled in consequence. COSGROVE V. VYNER. In this case Thomas Cosgrove (appel- lant) sought to set aside a judgment of the Coolgardie Local Court in an action taken against him on the 7th October, 1896, by Thomas Glover Vyner (respon- dent). Mr. R. S. Haynes appeared for the appellant, and Mr. George Parker for the I respondent. The case first caine on for hearing at the March sittings, and the details have pre- ' viously been published in these columns. ! Briefly they were that an action was taken in the Local Court, Coolgardie, by T. G. Vyner, a solicitor, against Thomas Cos- grove, claiming 50 guineas for legal costs, occasioned by proceediugs*for conspiracy taken against the defendant. The fees claimed were for attendance at the Police Court, and, in the absence of the defendant, a verdict was given for the amount by default. Application was subsequently made to Mr. Finnerty, P.M., for a new trial, but the application was refused. The defendant thereupon appealed to the Full Court at the March sittings, when the case was adjourned in order that Mr. Haynes might produce an affidavit setting forth the reasons of the magistrate for refusing to grant a new trial. Mr. Haynes produced the required affi- davit, in which it was stated that the claim was upon a lawyer's bill of costs more than three months old, and under the terms of the Legal Practitioners' Act it was a bill that could not be taxed, and therefore if he heard the case again he should still be obliged to find a verdiot for the full amount. Mr. Haynes contended that the plaintiff's claim was not upon a bill ef costs, as it was made in a lump sum which the defendant considered excessive. The magistrate should, therefore, have granted » re-hawing of the «as«, Mr. Parke» argued at considerable ength in support of the magistrate's view >f the case and urged numerous points. Mr. Justice Hensman remarked in the ïourse ef argument that the magistrate was willing to grant a new trial, but he thought he saw a legal bar in the .way The Chief Justice: Which ha3 proved a ghost. The bench was unanimous in the opinion that the magistrate had laboured under a mistaken understanding when he regarded the plaintiff's claim as constituted by a legal bill of costs. It was a charge in a lump sum ef ¿Ë52 10s. for an appearance in the Police Court. Their Honours con- sidered that the magistrate bad not exer- cised his discretion, and granted the appeal fer a new trial, with coats. MITCHELL V VYNER. The circumstances of this case being exactly the same as in the previous one, a similar order was made. COSQBOVE v. COLREAVY. This was an appeal against the decision of the Coolgardie Local Court, giveu en the 3rd February last, in an notion brought by William J. Cesgrpve (appellant) against Catherine Colreavy (respondent), claiming ¿633 4s. lid., for goads sold and delivered. Mr. Walter James appeared for the ap- pellant, and Mr. R. W. Pennefather fer the respondent. It appeared that in the original action the plaintiff was non-suited on the ground that the sale had been made te ene Thomas Colreavy. The appeal was based on the grounds that there was evidence given at the hear- ing showing that Thomas Colreavy was acting as defendant's agent; that there was evidence that the geode were delivered at the defendant's house, and that she had never repudiated tho debt. The appellant's counsel contended that the magistrate was not justified in granting a non-suit. After argument, the appeal was dis- missed, with costs. CANNING V. STEWART. This was a question as to the taxation of costs, which arose i'iom au appeal made at the sittings of the Full Court in November last. Mr. Haynes appeared for the ap- pellant, and Mr. George Parker for the respondent. It was ordered that the costs should be taxed in the lower court, where they were incurred. The Court then adjourned until 10.30 this morning. 