ac^wSnSy86'" tMeai <» The Sign, of the Cross 0^ I "jubilee matinte" in aid of the ar0« Mb. Elton and Mr Lornum * L Dr. Osmond Carr's pi^e ^coi London. . 1 at the Ope . Miss 'ElliotPage makes an ideal Be, a^dre'sses? in ®nan^ w*kh Marcus for r _ ?he Gay Parisienne will appear afe th iPrmcess after The Cross, and the «Jj ?way.from England. T MR. Charles Arnold re-visits AtutrJ .He will open at the Melbourne Eiiou , nation of Frank Thornton's season. THE Harry Cogill Company were vei on their visit to Alexandra last week, aj a hearty invitation to come again. MB. .George Titheradge the popular M -ling affairs with a view of returning t< from Europe, in about two years' time, THE Geisha is expected in Melbourne! end of the year. It has been runnii twelve months at Daly's in London. Hai,3?-A-DOZEN members of the IIollowI as.well as Mr, Charles Holloway.havflkej by fever during the tour in The Henry Bracy Cotnio Opera Col eluded , its season at Brisbane night, when The Bohemian Girl waspro^ THE " Idlers " this evening give a \ the farcical comedy, The Pichpocht, i bridge Theatre, Bourke-sfcreet, next tojj Royal. ANOTHER company for New Zealand, Marshall has engaged several people to| in emotional plays, and will appear in June "10. MR. " Dot " Boucicault, in a letter Australian speaks of the forthcoming pi New York of a comedy drama written r little time ago. MR. Charles Arnold is arriving in Auj| than was expected. He commences the Melbourne Bijou about the end beginning of September. Mr. Harry "R. Roberts concludes bis i with Mr. Brought next week, after «'«j assumes1 ibe management at tno - during the Maggie Moor© season. Miss Halton. of "Ln Oigale';^'^ drifted into doin g musical turns in tno At latest dates she was n-ppefi"nn where also were ihelfavintz l'&rauy;* Miss Fanny Davenport 1b nnxiou'l Australia.' She holds the Araonwn J of the Bernhardt school of p'W > and owns jewels to the yaltie of * > I Nicws'lias come from London 0^J successful appearance at 1i'ie | hushand, Mr. Will i!f ' "m0 e'M his English , engagements the sum" THE latest theatrical qnarrol . bourne. According tore??" n, 8.1 latest importation, and J» . n0{| manager, have fallen out, and nre terms. " Huffhos passed through Melbourne on foide to Brisbane, to make arrange ,e Potter-Bellow season on June 14. iVhfs the company go to Sydney for .the for tl;0. ^ "'IS Australia. -' ii"» Tfnight is one of toe most powerfully " fliA stafS, and breaks the hearts of the , '\Zn of the audience when he dons that blue and white costume in the revel scene. Lrraents rather slight " are becoming to Iof beauty- _ ; ' ^ ^ - Lw is still doing great buainesa at HerJVTaj Idttey, and t*>e Melbourne girls are getting ?oncM to the city of the harbour. The piece nn for another eight -weeks, but -will be fnon the 25fch insfc., and then the Company to Melbourne. 1 v .[{.the "fasting man." is now in Hokitilra, probably attempt a 40 days' fast in Auo.k any early date. It may not be generally that the medical men who certified daily fanner's fast in Melbourne were paid three n day each. ' ' * " ? ralner Gregory, who took Mr. Baker's place Utthe Eoyal, has won some position in the provinces as a cleyer-^ittb^i»:«i?L " .iuvenf1" Coming1 to Au^fcMjly to |( thinsr that ,.o^ida^'tfd"he(toti^^ssista luwndgfir to Mr, Bland Holt.. . ... \ Jlm'e Adair oottfes^^a, very ly n saw a thefttVfe i.'uftttrt' jti^^fcerrl'4, ? She d n taste for inusic""tTTrougb attending School entertainments. "Every band that bin earshot attracted her, and on several isliecrot lost through following the band, tir is devotedly attached to her mother. §Li'y Post, an American primft donna; who ; the leadiner soprano parts in modern opera ich success in the United .States, will make uppeiivanoe in Melbourne with the Elsie iirapmy to-morrow (Saturday) night at the Next week the commny go on-tour in the i3,v'B\Vmg Geelong, Ballarat, and Bendigo. I 'linjKnisfhfc takes a marvellous interest in [of scenery and costume. Underskirts are n luxuries in The Sir/n'of the Qrnss, and after :'v contemplating one of the ladies for some Mr. Knight was heard to exclaim, " A petti sure that. t»irl wears a p'ettiooat," which' concerted the star for the remainder of'the .Mn, the Australian rights , of which' have |uired by Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove produced in Svdney about the end of the trencher! the first anniversary of'its birth Duly's, last April. Mr: Harry Monkhouse, h fchft last London 'G-atety" Company,? baa cwt, and his part is now undertaken by Mr. Barrin^tou. " -<y". r:r.- r -. ?; inspiring last scene of the third act in u.ene feels absolutely angry with 'TVIeroia sting the amorous overtures;-of Marcus. Mo wvgan is so handsome, his,, voice.is full . Mid hia love so strong that-well, one Ijropatlmoa with Viira, and Meroia'smartyr rona a feeling of supreme pity, in:a good Whonhroaats. . ? ' ^stance Channing, cousin ,of the gifted Whjis, whose world or t'nl progress on the 31°mncei^ dtirinq: Mataa'n stay-in Sydney, x T Si an nf ihe Gross company, and . ,8 warded drainntio tilent, Miss Chan f0% lead for the Sydney Dvarpatici Club ? V night, when she will appear as the |5roB' 'fc'10 ^ni'^ is a large aohievomenfc Ei"9 ^ini* u "What has happened to Mel I25iW8? Wmnev of Zcnda. Two ?ami " ^ NifjJif. Oit'i have been allowed ?tinn^? v any adequate return in the ^ot*don, the two first eaeh ?iwwltt, ^l8' run> "nd the last is past its i ?0<; an vwry 1(m£ a{ro' thoao iolmni'oi y "j. W06^ca' run in Melbourne, fniequa-ce ret.urn in t-no Yet in London, the two first eaen nontha' run, and. the last is ttiyM'i. Not so very long ae ? -.?foliac! a six weeks' run in Me Gimngecl the taste of the masses P K Strain New Zealand is expected ptosbanUnjt account by.£5000, according to the New Zealand Times. The Pollards are said r , v? 7;Cf'n a similar gum. and the reported result of the Potter-ReUew tour is not far behind-hand But why rifioOOO ? By what singular coincidence ao three shows treading on each others' heels reat> the same reward P Is it to prove that there is Do more money left in "New Zealand, and thus warn off any other intending invaders? Or does Baron Munnchausen's ghost haunt all travellers in that abode of sulphur and hot springs ? . ^ Night Out will be withdrawn after this evening to make way for a new farcical comedy, My Friend from, India, in which an unusually strong company W j a-Dpenr. Mr. Harry Paulton, Miss Alma Stanlev, and Mr. Ernest Shsnd, will play leading1 parts, and the nature of the piece also provides srood chances for Mr. George Lauri and Miss Juliet Wray, whose .?joint performance, apart from the hold their popularity srives them, will he of much interest, inasmuch as they will make their first essay in purely dramatic work, so far as^ Melbourne is concerned. Miss Minna Phillips is joining the company too. My Friend from India has been played elsewhere as My Friend the Prince, but under both names it has achieved success, and the craze for something new, which is characteristic of Melbourne playgoers, should give the comedy-farce a warm welcome here. THE Elsie Adair company, close their fortnight's season to-night, Friday, with a special programme, including the most attractive items in the repertory. Inuring the week, the graceful dancing of Miss Elsie Adair has been a great source of delight to the audience?, and the little lady has made -herself a favourite of the first order. The glitter and novelty of her costumes, the extreme daintiness of her work. whether it be topical song, comedy farce or serpentine dance, and her merry face will always be remembered, and if matters can be so arranged, that Miss Adair may return to Melbourne, she may be certain of a hearty greeting. In her line of business, she is a genuine artist, and her reappear ance will be an event to loolc forward to. A new member hns been added to the company in M. Emile Lazern, a prestidigitateur of considerable skill. He is smart in all his tricks, and neat in his methods, which baffle curiosity,' and his feats of legerdemain, cause unending speculation as to the modus operandi. Mr; Hugh J. Emmett, as groat a favourite as Miss Adair herself, continues his farcical comedy on the violin, as well as in the -ventriloqxiis tic turn. Mr. Percy Clifton is most effective in a humourous sketch with Miss Adair and Mdlle. Vivienne Dagmar. Mr. Vanderslip, Little Miss Florence, and other members of the company, add to the completeness of the entertainment. The fare well, to-night, will be interesting, as the "turns" will include several new specialities. THIS great draw of the week at the Opera House has been the " Kentucky Piocaninnies," whose turn consists of plantation melodies,. buck and wing dancing in the fashion of the Southern States of America, and many little humorous side touches, characteristic of the 'performers, whose aim is to illustrate the recreations of colored life on the lower Mississippi. The "Kentucky Picoanninies" are even superior to the reputation that has preceded /them, good as that was. They all have pleasant . voioes, but their charm does not li© so much in their vbioes as in the magnetic effect of their expressive singinov Surely no one ever before made so much of simple plantation melodies, alike sympathetic and entertaining. The danoing is a clever illustration of a . peouliar custom, although, to ^ Australian audiences, "buck and wing" danoing might be the mysteries of the ancient Druids. However, thanks. to the " Kentucky Picaninnies".all doubt regarding these coloured classic measures is oleared up, and in the near future, no doubt, Australians will endeavour to perfect something of the same kind. The pro gramme includes a host of old favourites j Bell-_ man and Moore, in a whimsical slcetoh, Dose\ of His Onm Medicine j the Hay tors, in a new oddity, His Nibs and Bis Nnbs, and a aldt on the " Oinemato graphe," very funny in its way; Conway and Clarke in what they, are pleased to term a "comedy flash " ; and the Alisons, in a series of new danoes. Mr Will Whitburn, Mr. Edgar Granville, Hagan and Fraser, and Faning and Devoe are^all se^down for attractive turns, and the "_Sapphpnia, first part brings forward the pretty mite, OJray, Mr. Charles Howard, Miss Hetty Patey, Mr. Sam Austin and others. The Wednesday matinee continues to attraot full houses. ... My Friend from India, which ig to be produced to-morrow night (Saturday), at the Princess' has had a curious career. It was produced in America with tremendous success. Mr. Frohman paid the author f®r the right to produce it in England, then somebody paid somebody else, who considered him self, or themselves, the proprietors. These people in their turn sent an agent to Lestocq, the drama tist, to fight him on the subject, as he had been shown the original M.S., and declared it to be one of the most rottenly constructed things conceivable. He had been hard at work, sitting up night after night, until three o'clock in the morning, revising and reconstructing it entirely, so as to be ahead of the rival production. According to Lestocq there was a great deal of " fun" attached to the fuss and fever of remodelling the comedy. Then Mr. George Edwardes took it, but from the other people, but finding it no good, wrote an entirely new play, callinsr it My Friend the Prince. This he wanted Mr. George Musgrove to buy for Australia, but that astute manager had seen the piece in America before Edwardes had got hold of it. Hear ing of Lestocq's version he read that too, pronounc ing it to be considerably funnier than Edwardes* adaptation, and a vast improvement on the original production in America. This then will be the ver sion which the Paulton-Stanley Company will produce to-morrow night at the Princess. Lestocq's name is announced in connection with the event, although he is not over anxious to boom his own work, until he has had time to smooth what he terms the " rough edges/' But not only Lestocq, but most of the London playwrights who had made any position at all, are anxious over the fate of the comedy farce, as Australian. playgoers are gaining a very curious reputation just now in English theatrical circles. The huge success which - The Sign of the Cross has achieved in Sydney will somewhat revive drooping spirits in the old country, for it must be borne in mind that Pinero, H. A. Jones, G. R. Sims, Sydney Grundy, as well as the Pettitt-Harris-Merritt school, have drawn princely royalties from the Antipodes. 