TOWN TALK Oar Melbourne letter, together with other matters of interest, will be found on the first page of the paper. Since the defeat of the political veteran, Sir Graham Berry, who occupied the Speaker's chair during the last sit ting of Parliament, there has been much surmise as to the appoint ment of bis successor. Mr P. C. Mason has beon approached by a number of bis colleagues, who eu» deavored to influence him to stand for the position, and now the Chairman of Committees has definitely decided to allow himself to be noiuiuatod for the Speakership. Regarding that gentle man's candidature, one of the most prominent of the Government supporters, and one generally credited with being in their confidence, said on Saturday that lie regarded the election to the chair of the hon. member for South Gippsland as a foregone conclusion. This port will te visited on Tuesday by Xjund's splendid new boat s.s. Narrung, 5080 tons register. This vessel was last here on 24th May, when she was visited by a large nnmber of [townspeople, and her accommodation for passengers greatly admired. She is expected to berth at the Yarra-street .'wharf early on Tuesday morning, and will leave here about noon ou Wednesday. Daring her say here she will be open for inspection. Messrs Strachan, Murray and Shannon "Proprie tary Limited are. the local agents, from whom all particulars as to passage and freight may be obtained. " The weather of Saturday was. a taste of summer, and yesterday it was dull and oppressive, but a plesisant change set in during the evening, a thunderstorm, accompanied with rain, - clearing the "atmosphere. " . ' The- steamer Time cleared at - the -Customs on Saturday evening for Sydney and Newcastle and Queensland ports. The cargo received at this pert consisted of 492 bags and 39G bales of chaif, 45 bales of bay, 13S bags of onions, lOObags potatoes, and 4 cases Hearne's Bronchitis cure. "Whilst the Courier is undergoing repairs the Coogee is to take up the running between this port and Mel bourne. The sultry weather prevailing in Melbourne had the effect of inducing large numbers of people to take a marina trip yesterday, and the Coogee, which took the place of the Courier, brought to Geelong several hundred excursionists, who thoroughly enjoyed the outing. The Edina was also well patronised by holiday-makers, most of whom landed at Portarlington. Both vessels carried bands of instrumentalists. \- This evening the Dan Barry Dramatic Company appear at the Exhibition Theatre, when the " Brand of Crime." will be produced for the. first time in Geelong. This play is ranked amongst tlie most successful or Dan Barry's pro ductions. During his last Queensland tour it proved a veritable . Mascotte to him, and at Broken Hill, from where the company has fust returned, it had an uninterrupted run of three weeks to crowded" houses. Consequently, the genial Dan may expect a. bumper house to reward his enterprise in playing at such low rates. Messrs Bobinson, Burns and Sparrow held a most successful sale of suburban properties in Geeloug "West on Saturday last, bv order of the trustees in the estate of the late C. Byan. There was a nume rous attendance with spirited competition for each lot, and the follo wing sales were effected : Eve-roomed _w.b. cottage, Preston-street, £210; 5-roomed cottage adjoining the last. £1S0; 4-roomed w.b. cottage, Keera-street, £125- allotment with 60ft frontage to Keera-street, 21s per foot: allotment corner of Picton and Maitland streets, £S2. The' purchasers were Messrs Hardy, liyau and Phelan. The same firm also report having sold privately during the week 105 acres, being portion of the Clifford' estate, on .the Colac-road, at a highly satisfactory figure. , . . . .' For the week ended on' Saturday, S122 bags of grain, and other produce, were received at the local railway station, consisting; as under Wheat, 59 bags ; iiour, 134 do ;-barley, 331 do ; bran, 65 do ; pollard,. 2 do ; oats, . 16S do ; potatoes, 937 do;"onions, 213 do ; chaff, 0212 do. The Roman Catholics of Geelong have been consistent contributors to the building fund of St. Patrickrs Cathedral in Melbourne, and not unnaturally feel an interest in regard to the impressive ceremonial which, will attend the conse cration of ths noble fane on the last Sunday of the present month. For the convenience of those who desire to be present at the ceremony, arrangements have been made by a number of" local Catholic laymen for the running of a special train from Geelong at'a convenient hour on the day in question." ? Pull par ticulars iu regard to the' fares and time table will be made known through the advertising columns of this journal as soon as arrangements with the Kailway department have been completed. Miss Carrie Moore, who has been ' electrifying Sydney audiences by her acting lately, has just entered into an engagement, with Messrs "Williamson and Mnsgrove of the Princess Theatre, Mel bourne, for a period of two years. Miss Moore has been taking the name part in "The-French Maid" staged at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, with such satisfaction to her employers that they were induced to make the offer at a remuneration which is most satisfactory to the young actress, who is a native of Geelong, and only 15 years of age. A number of the ratepayers of South Bar»von appear to be favorably disposed to the suggestion made at a recent meet ing ot the shire council for the. amalga mation of that municipality with that of Barrabool, and a petition has been prepared with the view of having it presented to the president of the South Barwon council asking for a public meet ing of the ratepayers of the shire to be called so that the matter may bo dis cussed. It is stated that already a large number of signatures have been attached to the petition. Several of the ratepayers living iu the Barrabool shire, after the subject was mooted, took the matter, up, and have secured signatures to a similar petition, which, it in inspected, will be brought under the notice of the council at its meeting on Tuesday nest. It was announced to the congregations attending the llo.uuu Catholic churches yesterday, that His Grace the Arch bishop of Melbourne would visit Geelong iu December next for tho administration of the iSacruuient of Confirmation. Messrs Miles, Dardel and Kaudell, J's.P., attended the police court ou Satur day morning, but the only matter that demanded their attention was a lunacy ease, which was adjourned for a week for further medical examination. The win established by Auibcrite on Saturday of the Gaullield Cup has gladdened not a few of the hearts of the residents of Geelong who had money on the event and received good odds. The posting of the names of the winners of the races on the board in front of the "Advertiser" office was witnessed by a great crowd of interested persons, who remained in the vicinity for the whole of the afternoon. The race was won by a length, the third horse being about a length aud it-half away from the winner, who is owned by "\V. Duggan, and was ridden by ST. Harris. Amberite car-, j ried 7st "lb (including lib penalty.) Strangers and visitors to the borough of Geelong West, owing to several of the streets being designated by as many as three different names, experience a great difficulty in finding the locality in whioh their friends reside. The councillors of the borough, whose attention has been called to the inconvenience, have decided to try and simplify matters, and with that end in view prices have been secured as to the cost of placing an enamel num ber to the door of each bouse in the borough. Samples of number plates have been shown the councillors, and the PublicAYorkscommittee has recommended the adoption of one that met with their approval, and the confirmation of a by* law which has been lying in abeyance, making it compulsory upon each owner or occupier to affix a number upon the front door of their respective residence. The plate recommended for uniform adoption is of white enamel, and of oval shape, with raised blue-black figures of about 1J- inches in depth, and will bo supplied at Is each to householders. Crowded congregations attended the services yesterday in celebration of the 4Sth anniversary of the Chilwell "Wes leyan Church, conducted in the church by the Rev. Charles Tregear, of Ballarat. Thechoir rendered a number of special anthems throughout the day, Miss Austin presiding at the organ and also accom panying the vocalists at the " pleasant afternoon service," at which the Rev. S. J. Hoban gave an address on the subject " The adornment of Christian woman hood." There was an excellent pro gramme of vocal music presented during the afternoon, embracing solos by the Revs. Tregear and Hoban, Misses Brewer and Edgar, and Messrs J. Edgar and D. Pescott. A complimentary tea is to be given in the schoolroom this evening at 0.30, and an hour later a public meeting, presided over by Mr R. J. Joyce, is to be conducted. There wiil be singing by the choir, and a collection will be taken which will go towards the trust fnuds. The 3?enwick-street Baptist Church anniversary was celebrated yesterday, when special sermons were preached by the Rev. D. Graham, B.D., of Brunswick. There were large attendances at each service, and the text in the morning was, "But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send iix my name, he shall teach you all things and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have suid unto yoa."-John, chap, xiv., verse 26\. In the evening an eloquent sermon was delivered from the text, "Hast thou marked the old way which wicked men have trodden ? which were.cut down out of time, whose foundation was overflown with a flood; which said unto God, depart from us: and what can the Al mighty do for them ? Yet He filled their houses with good things, but the counsel of the wicked is far from me." The choir contributed a number of special anthems at each seeviee, and Mr 3?- Purnell sang " Jerusalem.*' .The anniversary is to be continued this evening by a social, com niencing at 7.45, when a . silver coin of not less than 6d is to bo charged for admission. : . : A well known itinerant musician, named Charles Goldsmith, who claims to have seen over 70 summers, and who has been extracting anything but sweet sounds from a discordant concerting in the town since Thursday last, created a nuisance in Moorabool-street on Saturday evening and was arrested by - Constable Moden- about 9.20. The language which was complained of by the Salvation Army people, who were conducting a religious service close by, is said not to be m accordance with their teaching, and upon complaints being made ? to the police Goldsmith was locked up on a charge of insulting behavior. A writ for £1000, says the "Ballarat Courier," has tioen Eerved upon the Berry Consols Extended Company by Mrs Jane Oowie as compensation for the loss of her son, who was found suffocated in a drive affected with foui air, some time ago. : Though the returns to hand for the Greu ville election made the position of the candidates almost ceriainr:vet as the whole of the returns had not been officially received from the various polling places, Mr IX. A. Austin, the returning officer, feit that it was impossible to officially declare the poll at Ballarat oh Friday ; but to enable candidates to getf to their homes, and also not to disappoint the several hundreds of people who had gathered to hear the declaration of the poll, he deemed, it desirable to announce the; result, which, he felt, could not be altered when the remaining returns officially came to hand. Accordingly, after making the state ment that they were not official, Mr Austin gave the result, as follows:-G. Russell, 1489 ; M. Stapletou, 1043 ; J. T- Sadler, 1032 ; X). Kerr, 9S6 ;. H. Stonem&u;, 424. The successful and unsuccessful/candidates returned thanks, and Mr D. lverr, who was well received, took his defeat in good spirit. \- Of the many accidents that liaveliap pehed to cyclists of late (writes the " Argus") one of the most terrible was that which occurred on Friday afternoon, causing the instantaneous death of a youth named Arthur Harding. He was riding along Grattan-street, Carlton, and in turning into Xiygon-street lie met a two horse lorry be longing to Messrs K. Harper and Company. Thodriver of the lorry, who was on his right side of the road, turned tho corner pretty sharply. Harding - tried to pass between the lorry and the street channel and turned' his . machine , on to the pitchers. The wheels skidded to the channel side" on the slippery and sloping stones, and tho machine : toppling over, young Harding fell beneath the horses. The animals were frightened, and did not respond at once to the driver's pull on the reins ; consequently both wheels passed over the neck of the prostrate cyclist. The lorry was heavily laden, and death, must have been instantaneous. Mr^ Hart, hutclier, and Constable Radcliffe rushed over to him; and carried him . across the road to l)r Lyneh's surgery. The doctor pronounced him dead, and the body was then taken to the morgue. The "witnesses to the lamentable accident absolve the driver of -the lorry from blame. Deceased was only 17 years of age, and lived with his parents at 192 Madeline street, Carlton. He was of delicate con stitution, and was only recovering, from a previous bicycle accident. The Salvation Army maintenance case, heard at the Casterton petty sessions on IGth September, when Herbert Gill, a bandsman, was ordered to contribute 5s weekly for his illegitimate child, Hannah Smith, was on Friday heard on appeal before Judge Casey at the Court of General Sessions. Mr Silves ter appeared fcr George Smith, the respon dent, and Mr Horwitz for Herbert Gill, the defendant appellant. The only evidence in support of the charge on this occJision was that of Hanuah Smith and her mother, who is Gill's* sister. Letters were put into court, showing that Gill compelled Smith to bring the proceedings. Judge Casey said he was quite prepared to give his decision without calling any evidence for the defence. Tlio evidence for the Smiths showed that at a soit of family council in February to have the matter thrashed out, the only date of intimacy was fixed us the IGth September, ISOG. His Honor had refused to give a decision when the respondent closed his case, because he wished to see Gill in the witness bos and salisly himself that the appellant was spcakiug the truth. He was satisfied, and believed every word Gill said. He looked upon the whole thing as a wicked, trumped up charge as against Gill. In these cases it v/as not his custom to give costs against the respondent, but he should certainly make an exception in this case by awarding Gill £5 os costs, und allowing £2 2s additional pro fessional fees. The following are the i>ruc winners in Tattersall's second distribution of Sydnty city and suburban freehold properties : 1st prize, (J. Copperwaite, Valley Heights, New South Wales ; 2nd, A. Park. Wotton, Vic toria ; 3rd, J. Lawrancc, Warragul, Vic toria ; 1th, H. 35. Robinson, Civic Club, Svdnev ; oth, T. Majjney, Waterloo. Xr>w South Wales; Oth, Smith and Smith, Christ chuich ; 7th, Lee and Co.. Inverell, New South Wales; 8th, Nellie Christian, Eliza beth Bay ; Oth, A. Clulee, Duncdin ; 10th, Ina Christian. Elizabeth Bay, New South Wales: 11th, W. Bateman, Taranalci; 12th, W. J. Kelly, Auckland : 13th, F. S. Hunt. Parramatta : Mth J. Senior, Wood's Point, Victoria; 15th, G. Creek. East Auck land. Mrs Lawcs, wife of the TCov. F. E. La we.-, of the Loudon Missionary Society atNiue, or Savage Islands, arrived in Sydney on Thurs day last by tbe JohnWilliams. She says the drought during the past season was tho worst she remembered for 39 years. The natives ware compelled to live largely on wild yams and cocoanuts, which materially interfered with trade, as it left them without QOpra. The residents were expectinganother bad season, but rain came in time* The natives have developed a trade in hats made of pandanus leaves, which find a ready sale in New Zealand. A feature of island life is the number of natives who go to Tonga and other places, as they desire to see more of the world than their own island affords. Tho steamer Aorangi arrived at "Welling ton from Vancouver on Friday, with the following passengers for Australia: Miss Turner, Mesdames Xorke, Beaufoy, Mellin, Turner, Vivian, Shannon, Powell and Cardeu, Lady Tichborne, Messrs Yorke, "Willis, "Wilson. dure, Smith, Cocks, White, Brown, Thallow, Ditchburn, * Barr, Steven, Turner, Vivian, Cutfield, Shannon, Boucli, M'Cutchcon, Masters and three Chinese. There is a large cargo of wheat, flour, salmon and machinery. The steamer sailed for Sydney at 4 p.m. She reports that plenty of cargo is offering at Vancouver, and both the Warrimoo and Aorangi had to shut out a considerable quantity for want of space. There was enough cargo to enable tho com pany to despatch a steamer fortnightly with a full freight instead of monthly. An extraordinary case was heard at the Parkes (New South Wales) police court on Wednesday, when 44 Madame" Kingstou was charged with obtaining from Mrs John Stewart £3 15s with intent to defraud. The evidence of the prosecutrix (says tho tKSydney Evening News ") was to the effect that she and her mother went to consult madaine. Her mother's palm was read, aud madaine told the mother her daughter would die soon if not careful, as she had 500 thread worms and three tape worms in her body. One worm, it was stated, was lying against the heart, one between the kidneys, and a third in another portion of ttie body. Madame, it was alleged, undertook to cure her, and gave her medicine to drink (10s Gd a bottle) and lotion (4s 9d a bottle). It was further alleged that she operated on Mrs Stewart. Tho latter said she visited' madame six times. She used to lie on a couch. Madame took the glass tube of a doctor's thermometer, preyed it to her stomach, and after piucliing her held up something like a tapeworm. After some days Mrs Stewart's mother grew suspicious, und took tho alleged worms to Dr Boazman, who pronounced them to be merely the inside skin of an egg shell. Accused was committed for trial. At the quarterly meeting of the Centra^ Methodi&t; Mission, Lonsdale-strcet, Mel bourne; held last week, a new enterprise was proposed in the securing of the Gaiety Theatre, Bourke-street, as an adjunct to the present mission, and a proposition was carried that the conference be asked to station the Rev. G. Tregcar, at present in the Ballarat West circuit, as second minister to tho mission. The Rev. Mr Tregear has already been approachod on the subject, and has replied to the effect that while highly gratified at the invitation, yet, as far as he is concerned, tho way is closed, as he had already accepted an invitation from Clunes to labor in that circuit at the end of his term at . Ballarat. next April. It is, however, considered probable that the next conference will favorably consider the application of the Central Mis* sion for the services of the rev. gentleman, havin<? in view the importance of the mission and his special qualifications for mission work. ... When clergymen enter into tho rough and tumble arena of politics, they must look out for kicks and "blows. The Warrnambool correspondent of the "Argus" writes :-«? 44 The election contest occasioned much ex* citeraent, but was conducted with good feel ing. A prominent subject of discussion waB a sermon preached on Sunday by a Presby terian clergyman (the Rev. W. Gray Dixon), which'was considered to be an attack on Mr . Murray, and contained a remark about 'hoggish electors rolling to the polling booth on barrels of beer.* These and other statements provoked adverse criticism.,When Mr Dixon "was proceeding- to the polling booth in the evening he was surrounded by a mob of men, and the police had to interfere to rescue him." It is reported (says a " Central News" cablegram from New York) that an agree ment has been come to between the Valentino Syndicate and the Republic of Honduras by which tho syndicate practically buys out the country. Honduras surrenders all the functions of government to the syndicate on October 1st, while the syndicate assumes responsibility for the debt of 35,000,000dol owed to England, settles or compounds other debts, completes the railway from Puerto Cortez to the Pacific coast, and colonises and -builds up the country generally. A sale of work and exhibition promoted by the ladies of the Aberdeen-street Baptist Church, in aid of the church funds,, will be opened in the schoolroom, to-morrow evening at 7.30, and continued from 3 to 10 p.m. during the three following days. Good musical programmes, in addition to other attractions," wfl) be provided for the enter tainment of visitors. . Contributors to this column are beginning to unduly encroach upon our space. Unless re ports are written in brief, there is . always a danger of their rejection. No announcement of events to take place are admissible unless they refer to advertisements in another column* The members of the Court Triumph, A.O.F., are requested to attend the funeral of their late Bro. Joseph Lighton, which leaves Belle rine-street south at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Tenders are invited by the Department of Public Works] for additions and repairs to jetty at Portnrlmgton. Tenders close on the 2Sth iust. The hon. treasurer of tho Geelong Try Boys* Brigade gratefully acknowledges receipt of the following sums : Mr James Hill, £1 Is ; Mrs Gubbius, £1 ; Mr Jos. H. M4Phillimy, £5 03 ; Messrs Bright and Hitcbcocks, £5. Messrs Hendy, Leary and Co. are advertised to sell at Colac on Friday next, 22nd inst., furniture aud effects, in the Colac Hotel, Colac. The Geelong Mutual Improvement Associa tion meet to-night in the Mechanics7 Institute classroom. Members are specially requested to atteud and visitors are cordially invited. The syllabus subject is44 Magazine." AsaJe of valuable properties in the estate of the late Richard Bowman will take place on the 30th inst. by Mr W. P. Carr. The pro perties consist of 295 acres at Pennyroyal Creek, near Lome, aud 50 acres at Leopold. 