POLITICAL POINTS. Out of 125 members of tho N.S.W. Assembly, 90 use tobacco. A member of the Legislative Council rides a biko to and from tho Leeisla- tivo Chamber. In tho Com?om Members nit with their hats on their heads. When they Vine to speak they place them on the seats. " God knows whero and God knows whon !"—tho concluding words of Ncild's M.P.'s speech on the Conven tion Bill. Parliament will have to pass a bill before Mr Eddy's successor can be appointed. Tho Kailway Act doe? not provido for a new Chief Commissioner. The periphrastic Jawbono Nield is in deep disfavor with tho prcscut Government. Pnddington's poetic and gallant politician has oven fallen foul of tho amiablo Minister for Works. Mr Francis Abigail, tho well-known ci-M.P., announced his intention, tho other day, of contesting tho Kiama seat at the next general election. Roads liko a revival of tho " Itiama Ghost." Apart altogether from party politics the electors will confer a blessing on tho country by making a clean sweep of fully one half the personnel of tho present Parliament at tho next general election. Dr. M'Laurin, whose clear intellect and incisive talk have seenred him a : roputation in tho Council, will contest a metropolitan scat at tho text general olectiou. Dr. M'Laurin would be a creat acquisition to the people's chamber. 1 The latest concerning ox-Judgo Windeyor is that ho is granted per mission to bo Btyled "Honorablo" — " within the colony." But when ?ro wo to have him again " within tho colony" ? The dubious distinction is meaningless whilo bo rouaius an absentee. Tho Premier has expressed tho opinion that Britain's territorial ex pansion is only in its infancy. No doubt ho thinks when Britain has reached manhood it will have acquired every available inch of the world and will be ensting jealous eyes through a mighty telescopo at tho planet Mars. Notwithstanding tnucli undeserved criticism and misrepresentation Mr Gould is proving himself a broad minded and able administrator. Ho is tho only member of the Ministry who has onhanced his reputation during the absence of tho Premier. Mr Gould always talks intelligently and to tho point, which is uioro than can be said of cortain of his colleagues. Some members of the Labor Party have wonderful ideas on Labor Legis lation. Thus Mr Griffith thinks to secure his re-election by proposing to abolish tho school fee of 3d per week. And at a time, too, when tho State's (inanccs are none too robust.' Why should parents who cau afford the 3d a week be insulted iu this way by being subjected to State charity. Tho solidarities are ovidently driven to thoir wits ends for an excuao for their presence in Parliament. Mr Carruthers' tenure of oiHco as Minister for Lands lias not imparted to him much knowledge respecting tho indigenous timbor of tho country. In his placo in the House the other night ho declared that box is soft timbor! " Every Bchoolboy" in box country could tell him difforently w but ho stuck to his point with profes sional portinaciiy, though two or three country members benovolontly attempted to enlighten him. It's not eaBV to convince a lawyer that he's wrong, less easy still if ho is also nn M.P., but if ho is a Minister of the Crown to boot, then it is to bo feared the case is hopoless. 