BUCKLEY, THE WILD WHITE MAN. The Story of William Buckley, the Runaway Convict, who lived thirty-two years among the Blacks. CHAPTER II—Continued. THE PORT PHILLIP CONVICT SETTLEMENT OF 1803-4. by W. T. PYKE STARTING A COLONY—TROUBLES WITH THE BLACKS—LIFE IN THE CONVICT CAMP—FREQUENT ESCAPES OF CON- VICTS—BUCKLEY TAKES TO THE BUSH —ABANDONMENT OF THE SETTLEMENT. 'At this critical time the other boat came in sight, and observing the crowd and tumult at the tent, pushed towards them with all possible des- patch. Upon approaching the shore, the unusual warlike appearance of the natives was immediately observed, and as they seemed to have entire posses- sion of the tent, serious apprehensions were entertained for Mr Harris and two of the boat's crew, who it was noticed were not at the boat. 'At the moment that the grapnel was hove out of the Lieutenant's boat, to prevent her taking ground, one of the natives seized the master's mate, who had charge of the other boat, and held him fast in his arms. 'A general cry of 'Fire sir; for God's sake, fire!' was now addressed from those on shore to the first lieu- tenant. Hoping the report only would sufficiently intimidate them, two mus- kets were fired over their heads. For a moment they seemed to pause, and a few retreated behind the trees, but immediately returned, clapping their hands, and shouting vehemently. Four muskets with buckshot and the fowling pieces of the gentlemen with small shot, were now fired among them, and from the general howl, very different from their former shouts, many were supposed to be struck. This discharge created a general panic, and leaving their cloaks behind, they flew in every direction among the trees. 'It was hoped the business would have terminated here, and orders were therefore given to strike the tent, and prepare to quit the territory of such disagreeable neighbors. While thus employed, a large party were seen again assembling behind a hill, at the foot of which was out tent. They ad- vanced in a compact body to the brow of the hill, every individual armed with a spear, and some carrying bundles of them. 'When within a hundred yards of us they halted, and the chief, with one attendant, came down to the tent; and spoke with great vehemence, holding a very large war spear in a position for throwing. The first lieutenant, wish- ing to restore peace if possible, laid down his gun, advanced to the chief and presented him with several cloaks, necklaces and spears which had been left behind in their retreat. The chief took his own cloak and necklace and gave the rest to his attendant. His countenance and gestures all this time betrayed feelings more of anger than of fear, and his spear every moment appeared on the point of quitting his hand. 'When the cloaks were all given up, the main body on the hill began to descend, shouting and flourishing their spears. Our people were immediately drawn up, and ordered to present their muskets loaded with ball, while a last attempt was made to convince the chief, that if his people continued to approach they would be immediately fired upon. These threats were either not properly understood or were despised, and it was deemed absolutely necessary for our own safety to prove the power of our firearms, before they came near enough to injure us with their spears. 'Selecting one of the foremost, who appeared to be the most violent, as a proper example, three muskets were fired at him, at fifty yards distance, two of which took effect, and he fell dead on the spot. The chief turning round at the report, saw him fall, and immediately fled among the trees; a general dispersion succeeded, and the dead body was left behind.' But the native blacks were not the only trouble which the authorities had to encounter and overcome. The convicts were not easily amenable to discipline, and their red-coated janitors, in many respects, were not much better. Drunkenness was extremely rife. The Lieutenant-Governor regarded its prevalence with indignation and dismay, and issued orders for its abatement or suppression, but with little effect. The soldiers constantly appearing on parade in most unsoldierly unsteadiness evoked his strong reprobation, and consequently after a time no one was al- lowed to take his allowance of spirits into the privacy of his tent, but was obliged to drink it while standing in the presence of his superior officer. Thus the thrifty teetotalers, if there were any teetotalers among them, were prevented from trading their allowance to their more thirsty or convivial comrades. Rumour sayeth that the Governor himself was rather fond of the ruddy wine, and that he had an able confrére in his chaplin 'Old Bobby Knopwood,' as that reverend gentleman was familiarly called by the unrighteous or facetious. But as Shakespeare has it —'What in the officer is but a choleric word, is in the soldier rank blasphemy;' and in those days it was no uncom- mon thing for a "gentleman" (God save the mark) to drink himself under the table. The old saying that example goes further than precept does not seem to have been thought of by those in authority in the little settlement. However, it was not all beer and skittles with the convicts. They were aroused from their slumbers at sunrise and immediately set to work at their several tasks, which they were kept at till seven in the evening, with about two hours and a half of intervals for rest and refreshment. But in extenuation of the hard labor, the discipline to which they had to submit was not very severe when we take into consideration all surrounding circumstances; and their food was good, and there appears to have been plenty of it, in fact, the convicts in this respect fared quite as well as their keepers. But the excessive heat constantly referred to, and complained of, by the Rev Robert Knopwood, made continuous work irksome to men who had been enjoying or enduring a forced idleness on shipboard for so many months. To escape from this uncongenial toil, many convicts eluded the vigilance of their guards, and took to the bush. But they found out that by doing so they had jumped out of the frying-pan into the fire. The surrounding country was barren and absconders were soon compelled to return. Yet notwithstanding the non- success of these, hardly a day passed without one or more of the others running away; the object of most of them being to reach Port Jackson. A very hazy idea of the geography of their position prevailed among the convicts, it being generally imagined that the older colony was but a short distance off. To correct this mistaken notion and lessen the number of escapes, the Governor printed notices warning all of the difficulties and dangers of such a desperate course, and the utter impossibility of men, almost naked and totally inexperienced in bush craft, being successful in an attempt to reach a settlement 1,000 miles away along the coast; and adding, that even should they by any chance elude the lynx-eyes and blood-thirsty natives they would be immediately brought to justice and severely punished on their arrival at their destination. In the month of November a batch of six convicts absconded, but in a few days returned in a very sorry plight, repentant and crestfallen. On this occasion the Governor determined to make a striking example of the culprits, and teach a solemn lesson to every convict in the encampment. He therefore ordered a general parade of troops and prisoners, and gave instructions to the chaplain to read his official commission as Lieutenant Governor. After the ceremony he sentenced each of the miserable delinquents to a public castigation of 100 lashes each. But this brutal punishment acted as no deterrent to their companions in- durance, far it is reported that even so early as the next day some others made a bold dash for liberty. Three of these came back in such an exhausted state the punishment cat could not safely be administered to them. In fact, their strength was so far gone that it was found necessary to place them under the care of the doctor. They stated to the authorities that their companions had levanted with the provisions while they were searching for water. This story proving the falsity of the old proverb about there being honor among thieves, the Governor attempted to draw a moral from the treachery, and hoped that so strong an indignation and mutual distrust would be aroused as to prevent in future any such combinations to break away from their lawful keepers. Graver delinquencies broke out during the next month, among which were store-breaking, and plundering. Even the tents of the sick were robbed of their provisions. On Christmas Eve a raid was made on the commissary's tent, and besides other articles a gun was made off with. Christmas day came. The smiling sun shining in a brilliant Australian sky contrasted strongly with what our exiles had experienced in northern climes. But old associations and customs were not wholly forgotten or neglected under these new conditions, and a slight indulgence was offered to the prisoners in the shape of 1 lb of raisins each for Xmas plum pudding, so that all could enjoy this time-honored Christmas luxury. Our hero, Buckley, now appears on the records in a new light. He had started well. His behavior on shipboard was exemplary, and a considerable amount of liberty was accorded him in consequence. Most of his time was spent on deck, where he made himself useful in a variety of ways among the seamen. The Governor took notice of him, being, no doubt, attracted by his fine upstanding soldierly appearance, and promoted him to the rank of his own body-servant, which position he held till his services were required to assist in the erection of the more substantial structures of the settlements—the powder magazine and storeroom; skilled labor, such as he possessed by virtue of his early training as a bricklayer, being lamentably wanting in the little community. His ingrained hatred to hard or continuous labor again showed itself. Bricklaying had not agreed with him in his youthful years and now in his manhood, the old aversion marked another turning point in his career. Perhaps the sudden change from flunkey to artisan had something to do with it this time. Anyhow, once more he listened to the voice of the tempter, and became a party to a carefully prepared plot, which was devised in company with five other black sheep of the convict fold who longed for fresh fields and pastures new. The work they were employed upon frequently took them outside the line of sentinels, and they availed themselves of any little opportunity that might offer itself to 'plant' provisions or any other articles they thought would come in useful to them in the bush. On the 27th December they were ready, and agreed to make a start for freedom that night. When the shades of evening had given place to the deep gloom of night, and the last weary convict had at length fallen into a troubled slumber, and naught broke the solemn stillness but the drowsy sentinels on their watchful rounds, or the weird cry of a native bird or animal is the ghost-like bush around then did the six conspirators quietly steal forth from the presence of their comrades into the outer air, pass the line of sentinels, and make for their secreted hoard. But— "The best laid schemes o' mice and men Gang aft a'gley, And leave us naught but grief and pain For premised joy." and Buckley and his friends found this out to their cost. They managed to 'spring their plant,' as getting away with hidden booty is called in convict parlance, but the authorities suspecting that a number of the convicts had concerted a plot amongst themselves to break away, had that night stationed an extra line of outposts beyond the confines of the settlement. Unfortunately for the fugitives, these piquets were on the qui vive and opened fire just as the retreating men began to feel that they had completely eluded the vigilance of their guards, with the result that one man was brought down by a well aimed bullet. Another one was so terrified and dazed at seeing his comrade fall that he paused in his flight and was immediately surrounded and captured. Shot after shot reverberated through the woods, but none of the other runaways were hit. Dodging behind trees and bushes and any inequalities of the ground that they could take advantage of, they gradually got out of range and made good their escape. We will now leave them for a time and follow the fortunes of the settlement. The succeess of this daring outbreak greatly alarmed the authorities who considered that so large a number of the exiles being free in the bush was a strong menace to the maintenance of order within the boundaries of the settlement. It was feared that others would strive to emulate the enterprise of Buckley and his party. The night watch was immediately strengthened, and shortly afterwards a voluntary association of civil officers and free settlers was formed to assist the military in their police functions. The officers of this kind of special constabulary carried firearms and the men were armed with batons. Their self-appointed duties consisted of a patrol of the encampment independently of the military rounds. Being irregular in their movements, and not wearing a uniform like the soldiers it could never be foretold by the convicts when or where they would turn up next, and consequently they soon became very useful in checking crime; and many an unfortunate misdemeanant was pounced upon by them and promptly brought to justice. In consequence of large fires being seen at some distance from the en- campment it was concluded that the escapees were still in the neighbourhood. It was therefore determined that an effect should be made to retake them. With this object an expedition was organised on the 6th of January, 1804, in which the civil association and several marines joined their forces. They managed to follow the tracks of the fugitives for several miles, but could trace them no further, and perforce had to come back unsuccessful. No other attempt was made in this direction as the Governor thought that it was unneccessarily harrassing to the small force under his command, and he felt sure that the runaways would return or else perish by starvation. A week after this fruitless expedition one of Buckley's companions surrendered himself at the camp after having, according to his own account, accompanied his fellow fugitives almost around Port Phillip a distance of one hundred miles. He brought back the stolen gun with him and stated that he had subsisted almost entirely on shell-fish and gum—a very inferior bill of fare even for a convict. The last days of the settlement were now drawing nigh. Lieut. Col. Collins had never liked Port Phillip. He had pitched upon probably the worst spot upon its shores, and although he had sent out many exploring parties these had performed their duties in so very perfunctory a manner that no practical good came of them. It is true that he was told of the existence of a large stream at the head of the bay, but this he considered to be too far away from the entrance for the safety of such an establishment as his. (To be continued.) 