THE BLACK FORTY. A Story of Early Australia. CHAPTER XXII. THE HOT WIND. Out of the fern glades and the river thickets Richard Barrett stalked slowly and easily, his long rifle shouldering the native turkey he had shot two evenings back. It was Monday morning, and the atmosphere was heavy with heat and smoke. All around the open country the smoke clouds hung over the parched grass and timber, dulling the blue of the heaven above and turning into indistinctness the distances of the horizon. Hills which were fire miles off looked twenty, and everywhere the shimmering mirage drew out the trees with weird, fantastic shapes, making them appear mere ghosts of themselves as the heat-dryness grew. There had not been any rain for two months, and although there appeared to be clouds above the horizon, it was not possible to quite distinguish the actual clouds themselves from the heavy smoke. Much anxiety was observed on all sides for the safety of the grass. With its preservation came the natural uneasiness for the lives of the stock depending upon it, and already the cattle and horses had been loosed from the enclosures and allowed to drift towards the river, seemingly their only outlet of safety. The sheep were necessarily kept back and grazed in bodies towards the low-lying lands, and had the plans of the settlers been permitted to mature, there need be little fear for the safety of the stock or the grass. or even the homestead buildings where the families lived. But convict Smithers had upset all of this. The sentinel fires of the hot wind had been burning in the north-west in warning columns of smoke by day and lurid glares by night. They were some twenty miles away and travelling slowly when Smithers anticipated them by firing the hill, and in so doing unknowingly solved a scientific problem, for by breaking or checking the course of the gale which was to come— by damming its leaders so to speak — he nourished a perfect magazine of wrathful fires which only required an opening to let themselves loose npon the land. So as Barrett approached the settlement of Lieut. Ford at his leisure, he noted all these things and calculated that he was in luck. Smithers had come with a very commonplace story of how he had met Harris at Harker's, and the young man had left in a hurry for Sydney, his departure accelerated by the fictions the convict had gratuitously offered him. He did not say a word of what he had done to the man whose hospitality he had so foully violated, nor did he enlighten the occupants of the hunter's residence as to how he had dealt with or ' settled ' the unfortunate hut-keeper where he had resided. Accordingly, Barrett was in the dark as to the actual state of affairs and whilst he was joyful to think that nature had loosed the hot wind so soon to help them all, he was the more jubilant to find that the convict had come in from the hills to join them. For Barrett liked Smithers. He was so thoroughly depraved, so infinitely bad in fact, that he felt if there should ever arise an occasion for him to seize the shares of his co-partners in crime, this very same Smithers was just the man to assist him. And then the two might leave with all the shares of the others. Quite easily could they get away in the night, and the very next day that small-bore rifle of the hunter which carried bullets to the tune of sixty to the pound, that very same rifle which Miller had used so successfully upon poor Dermot Denham, would do all that was required to insure him a peaceful reign of future prosperity. How hot it was to be sure ! The wind came from the vast plains of the North uncooled, even in its passage over the eternal snows of the great mountains, and seemed to scorch everything before it. It had thundered and pounded away in fitful gusts all night, and now with the sun rising had developed into a mighty hurricane. Barrett the hunter did not like Simpson or Miller. He was in fact suspicious of most people, but especially held an antipathy to those who might cause his arrest as an escapee from Van Diemen's Land. Such things had been done before, and a man might be smuggled away and disposed of without a word being offered openly or a clue left to tell how the blow fell. That boy of Dennison's who had paid attention to Mary Bassett bore a peculiar resemblance to Miller — there was something very strange there without doubt— and Barrett was curious to find its history. It was strange, and he feared the vengeance of that young man when he learned the fate of his sweetheart, for he well knew that men skilled in the book-lore of the forest would not be deceived by such stories as that of a woman being thrown from her horse and killed. Accidents of that kind were most easily traced, and tracks could be easily read by the men sent out looking for her, to say nothing of the black boy Jackey. Yes, it was just as well that be had made his peace with the settlers. They knew nothing of his crimes, and when these fires approached and he made himself conspicuous providing assistance he would render, he could surely reckon on some slight claim, and with their accumulated money might begin again in a very decent way. He would calm his jealous wrath towards Cecil Dalrymple, for he could not stop the inevitable. There were plenty of other girls, and good ones too. Yes, it, was all right. He had to try his utmost to keep from laughing out loud, but checked himself, well knowing from former experiences how the solitude of the bush is peopled with listening ears. His unerring rifle brought down a brace of Wonga-Wonga pigeons, and loading again, he smiled as he noticed the proximity of the cattle to the water. How tame they were, those great beasts which were not to be approached on foot. They scented the distant danger, and were moving slowly away from it, too frightened at the narrowing of the distance between them and the fires, to mind such a commonplace thing as a man. All was well with this consummate scoundrel, who not unlike many others who have used their instincts for wrong- doing for ulterior motives, reflected that all mankind was evil. And so he drew near the homestead on the hill. One thing struck him very forcibly, and that was the unprotected condition of the buildings. From the direction of the wind, and the rate at which the fire was travelling, it was evident that unless something very short of a miracle happened, nothing could save the station. It would be an easy matter to take any animals they wanted tomorrow night. They could select from a group as tame an pets. But his was a better game. He eased his conscience with the reflection that he would be ridding the earth of the presence of some men the fair face of the country would be better without. As if the evil of one spirit blotted out the baseness of another and really was but an example of the end justifying the means used. " Is Mr. Ford at home ?" he asked the overseer, one Morgan. He had settled with the family some twenty years ago when they had, like Abram and Lot, driven their flocks and herds into new country to partake of the gifts that nature offered." " No, Barrett," replied the person addressed, who was very busy indeed just then refitting a set of buggy harness, " they all went off yesterday to the prayer meeting." " Not back yet ?" " No. I don't know what's keeping them. I can't say I like the look of things out the back, and we are none too secure here." " You ought to fire-ring it." " I'm going to do so directly. It is evident that the fire is travelling very quickly." " You ought to run a belt about the open grass flats to stop the sparks." " I'll be at it shortly if a change does " A change ? Yes but for the worst. The wind is doing fully fifteen miles an hour now and it will go up to double that before nightfall." " What have you got there — a turkey ?" " Yes, and a couple of Wongas. I got them in a shot coming along. The turkey I killed on Saturday. I thought Mister Ford might like it." " Oh they'll be glad of it well enough. Martin went out on Friday, but never got a shot. Your gun seems to never miss." " No, it don't often turn on me. It's a very straight goer I can tell you. I wanted a pound of tobacco if you could let me have it." " I couldn't open the store whilst the boss is away, but I'll give you a couple of figs now and send you over the rest tomorrow to your place." " No, no, never mind. I'll very likely be here soon to give you a hand. What makes the fire travel so much ahead by the Black Range? It seems to have caught ahead of the main fire." " You are right. It must have swept right along by Harker's place, and he poor fellow without help. Peter left yesterday, and if the women are over at the devil-dodger's meeting, he will be burned out." " I wonder what's keeping them all ?" " I surmise that they have all gone across to meet the fire. I'll send my men out now." Barrett walked quite easily back on to the river glades, his rifle over his shoulder, and a strange gleam of satisfaction in his eyes. He was deeply absorbed in thinking about his chances he held for the fulfilment of the murderous schemes with which his brain was laden, and was determined to pay a visit to Dennison's farm to ascertain what had happened since the previous day. If they intended to make a raid tonight it would be as well for him to seize the present opportunity to ascertain exactly what was happening. Then he could act appropriately. It was quite apparent that they had taken alarm with the first breath of the Sirocco, and had left all their houses unprotected. He had walked about a mile past the angle of the forest wherein his hut was built when he noticed that a band of four horsemen were approaching across the open country at an easy pace. They were not going off to the fire anyway. And that reflection from their saddles — why they are all carrying carbines. Who were they ?" They were not out for pleasure being so well armed. It was evident that their presence boded him no benefit. As he gazed at them he saw another moving object to the right, which upon a careful scrutiny turned out to be another band approaching easily. Now it was about four o'clock ia the afternoon and he had believed that all the men available were off to fight the fire. There was evidently something wrong and he would do well to watch out. They were coming his way too, and with speed. He would — " Yah, Barrett me boy, up with yer hands !" The hunter turned, startled at first, but a moment later cool enough, to find a young fellow astride a horse levelling a long-barrelled pistol at his head. He threw up his hands immediately, allowing his rifle to rest upon its stock on the ground, the barrel leaning against his body. " What the devil's this game, boy ?" he asked in an apparently frightened tone of voice. " Have you been boozing ?" " No fear. Keep your hands up until I hold you. You are wanted by the police." " What police ? Are there any more of you ?" " Only me, and I reckon I'm enough. Keep 'em up I tell you," for I'm going to march you right away." The young fejlow was too eager. Keeping his man covered with his pistol he spurred the horse across the few yards of a patch of ferns intervening, and as he did so the excited animal stumbled. It was only in the space of three seconds of time in which he lost his sight, and as he again lined Barrett with the weapon be found himself looking at the last object his earthly vision encountered— the dark threatening tube of the rifle. Then there was a flash and a sharp report, half hushed by the roar of the wind in the tree tops overhead, and without a word the lad threw up his arms and fell forward upon the horse's neck, rolling from his seat to the ground, a corpse. " Counts one less - ," said the hunter, as he sprang forward and seized the reins. " So they're after us are they ? Well I guess they'll have to look fairish smart." He sprang into the saddle, and avoiding the open country as much as possible he quickly moved in and out of the forest, until turning around a belt of timber which stretched out of the regular line of the riverside land, where he was completely hidden from the sight of the approaching horseman, he rushed the animal at full speed for his residence. It did not take him long to get to the outside of the clearing, where he drew rein and skirted it carefully. No, there was nothing up. Everything was quiet. A small wreath of blue smoke curled from the chimney and was blowing about the clearing by the shifting gusts of wind as they reached it from the open country. The horses were all together in a group in the comer of the outer paddock A thought crossed his mind, which for a moment held him still. Why not be off now and leave them to meet their chances ? He could come back for the money after they were all secured. A second's consideration, however, convinced him of the folly of such a course. His money was in the hut and he was himself evidently wanted. That young fellow had said quite enough to show him that there was danger afloat. Besides, those armed men, they were not out for nothing. No, they must take to the bush quick and lively. The horses would be an additional help, for if they could be tracked they could also be abandoned at any sort of a short notice." Acting upon such resolutions, he rode up to the hut and called out loudly to those inside. His dog sprang forth to meet him, and as be hurriedly entered ho saw Ihat there were but two persons inside, Wilson and Miller. So much the better. " Here you two," he called to them. " Quick. Up and get your things ? The game is up and we're blown. Where's Simpson ?" " What's wrong ?" they exclaimed in a breath. " You look excited, Dick." " You'll find out devilish quick what's wrong, I can tell you. Quick ! Pack up your stuff and get your yarramans.' " Why, who ? " " Do as I'm doing I tell you," said the hunter, as he rapidly disposed about his person a quantity of ammunition, and armed himself with a pair of large horse pistols. " We're blown I tell you and a whole gang of them are coming here soon." " How do you know ? Whose horse is that ?" " I don't know whose it is, but I guess the owner won't want it any more. Ah, here comes Smithers running like blazes." As the words were spoken that worthy cleared the small log fence outside at the edge of the open patch in a bound and came running breathless towards them. " Quick, quick," he called. " They are after us, and coming here now. Off, off we must hasten !" Without waiting to ask any further questions, each man rushed to appropriate his belongings, and to arm himself with such tools as the place afforded. They were emerging from the door in a body when Simpson broke through the bushes mounted on his pony, which he urged up to them at a gallop, reining up suddenly before them. " Hullo, man !" called out Wilson, " what's up with you ?" With a muttered oath, the preacher threw himself from the saddle and glanced hurriedly behind him. The bushes were agitated just where he had passed, and a moment later he had seized Barrett's rifle, and levelling it fired. A horse ridden by the black boy Jackey emerged at the same instant as the murderous weapon flashed forth its death messenger, and both animal and rider came down in a heap amongst the underwood. To Be Continued. 