IN MEIE QPOIA SERVICE. An In Memuoriam Service ws held in the Camperdown Presbyterian Church on Sunday morning, when the Rev. \W. Thomson occupied the pulpit and pre:ched on "The Gospel for Mourners,' taking hi·i te*t from Isaiah LXr., 2-" He hath seŽtt me . . . to colf.rt all that amurn.' The preacher, after shwing that the Gospel of Jesus Christ brings real cul solation t, mourners in pr.)viding a divinely human sympathiser in the person of the Lord Jesus, in the satisfactory ex planatiun Christ gave of the mysteries and sorrows of life, in the spiritual stimulus for service, and submission in safering which the Gospel message pre sat sa4 in the bright and blissful hopes of ihin'rt'ahty through the sacri : rico :and in tie teiLching's of Jesus, I exhorted all Chrisntian ourntiers to take to y their hearts the bl,.tibed comfort given t concerning those ah o live and die in the ts faith of Christ. The rev. tend aenutlemians it closing wordl were : -This pullpt i ith its ra emblem iif in.ut in, an,1 the sei vices of y toiday are nitant to be expres.-ilou of our affectionate reitar1d for the revereOd member r- of the cngregati.,n wh;nm God has called d away to his rest and reward, and of our ig heartfelt symtpathy for his widow and i, family in their hereavement. Grateful us I am for the opportunlty of payinti thus my own aind your tribute of easpezt and 1\. love to the menuttry of our departed fellow . menmber, I yet feel that there is another 1 minister under whose Irstoral care Dfl" M';Arthur w1as for over thirty years, and r di. theefoire;hadtlie ostriphi'tdfttiity n of knowing him thoroughly, and ought to e have this s.une privilege. The. Rev. o Samuel Corrie would himself lthbidzom ` ; ,r ducted this In Mlemoriamn service but for e critical heilth and grdwing weakness aidi Siifi6rmity'. As he cannot dio e~l thinklit s only fair and right to let him speak thr-.ugh e tue concerning our deceased& brfliher. ' I should greatly desire," Mr. Crrie wrote mn, rw-few says raga:= "tube present when the funend takespiace and so jiu in tfis tribute tiithe departed's Sworth, and its a token .f sympathy for his hcreavetd wife and fintmly, but tmy health is such that I date not renture. :Mr. M'Arthurs death will be a hiss, not only to his family .and friends, butto the dis trict and t.) the colony. He is- one of those griand men who. hyhis diligence and -kill as a settler, hiis straightforward and h,otourable career, have helped to make Viet ,ria ; and by hisgenial disposition won th'. rehpect anld e;estee of all. At home lie was lparticulahly happy; an affectioristo itshaus d and i hiovitng father ; hospitality untuhunded, aactrding to the best liii;:hlnd traditions; acctampanied by it kinduess and courtesy which could only e he p,ractised by a lmau with a large;-warmi, huLman heart. For ilmonst forty yeats II have been privileged to enjoy Mr. t M'Arthur's fricudship, and hive received I unumberlcs tokens of his genezosity and ; favour; all which I shall cherish while a memory lasts. But moatimportant f all, i Mr. M'Arthur was a sincere Christian. I Firmly attached to the Presbyterian I Church, he regularlyattended public wor- I :ihip. and contributed liberally to the a various funds of the church, and I utheur schemes *,f b.aevtlence. What shall I say more? You are thoroughly 1 acquainted yourself with .tr. M'Arthur's a character and w,,rth." What shill It say more ? c;:ntinued the preacher. It Only thin-" I heard --a.-voice. from, .1 Heaven sayine unto me write, Blessed are a the dead which die in theu:. L,rd' from t hentcefrth, yet a?ith the Spirit, for they g rest from their Ialours and their works ii do fotllir tihedi -"? The Ptalms and C hymns sung and the passages of Scripture read were all in harmony: with an In a Memorialn service, and at the close of the o morning service Miss J. Walker played on ! the organ " The Dead March in Saul" as p the congregation retired from the church. h At the evening service the Rev. W. ti Thomson again occupied the pulpit, and Ii preached a sermon from Genesis xxv, 8, c " And Abraham gave up the ghost, and t died in a good old age; an old man, and it full of years, and was gathered to his h people." Referring .to the Patria.ch's re- p cognising the presence of Almighty God h in the land of Canaan by the erection of an a -altar to Jehovah wherever he encamped, h and his offering thereon in the simple tl rites of religious worship, his own tl and people's sacrifice of prayer and al praise, the preacher remarked-" It has as been a very blessed thing for this re colony, and for the moral and religious h welfare of the church and community that it so many of the earliest settlers in the lands si of this colony were. men of sterling ti religious character, who brought with tl them from old Scotland the results and A benefits of the pious training and scrip- tl tural education-their love for God. His a: House and His Day, received there- it and who, as soon as possible, took in hand n the settlement of ministers, the erection tl and maintenance of churches and schools, si and gave liberally for the support of the w same, and in these and other ways fostered asd f rt'lered the principles and practice m of religion in the land of their adoption. of Among such is to be numbered the highly t esteemel and respected fellow-member of g this- cotgregation, whose mortal remains d we reverently and sorrowfully, yet with i grateful thanks to God for all His good- p ness to him duting his long life, and in h the blessed'hope of re-union with him in to Heaven and of the glorious resurrection I to everlasting life, laid in the family sepulchre yesterday. st "The pains of Death are past, t< Labour and Sorrow cease, as And Life'slong warfare closed at ti last, t. His Sonlis found inPeace.~ " 