TBE SUPREME CQURL MINING APPEAL. PERTH, May 18. Before the Chief Justice and Justices Hensman and Stone to-day, a case was stated from Bast Coolgardie. This was the case stated on appeal from the decision of the Warden for East Coolgardie Goldfield, in the matter in which Hy. Fredk. Ley Handcock, appellant, was plaintiff, and Martin Nolan and Eobt. Thaler, respondents, were defendants. Mr Walter James appeared for the appellant, and Mr E. P. Haynes for the respondent. Mr Haynes raised the preliminary objection based upon Section 86, sub-section 2, of the Goldfields Act, that no deposit had been lodged by the appellant upon giving notice of appeal to the Full Court. He pointed out that if the case were proceeded with he had no security for costs, and that in this colony with its moving population the Act must be complied with on this point. After argument, The Chief Justice said that the point taken by Mr Haynes was a good one, for the question of security for costs was a condition precedent. The Court had previously held that giving notice of appeal was a condition precedent, and it was impossible, according to the sec'ion quoted by Mr Haynes, to disassociate this condition from that of giving security for costs. In his opinion the appeal could not be proceeded with. Mr Justice Stone entirely agreed with the decision of the Chief Justice, but Mr Justice Hensman was of a different opinion, and did not think that the giving' of security for costs was a condition precedent to the appeal. He thought that the Clause referred to made it a matter for a deposit being made according to the direction of the Warden. In his opinion it was open to the Court to adjourn the case, and direct that security be given for costs. In the meantime the appeal was dismissed, costs being allowed after argument. This concluded the business of the Court on Mining In the matter of Chas. Edward Sewell, the Judges agreed to allow it to be placed further down on the list, as the applicant was ill with typhoid fever and a ccrtain condition had not been fulfilled in consequence. COSGBOVE V. VTTFER. In this case, Thomas Cosgrove, appellant, sought to set aside a judgment of the Coolgardie Local Court in an action taken against him on October 7, 1896, by Thomas Glover Vyner, respondent. Mr R. S. Haynes appeared for the appellant, and Mr George Parker for the respondent. The case first came on for hearing at the March sittings, and the details have previously been published in these columns. Briefly, they were that an action was taken in the Local Court, Coolgardie, by T. G. Vyner, solicitor, against Thos. Cosgrove, claiming fifty guineas damages for legal costs occasioned by proceedings for conspiracy taken against the defendant. The fees claimed were for attendance at the Police Court, and in the absence of the defendant a verdict was given for the amount by default. Application was subsequently made to Mr Finnerty, E.M., for a new trial, but the application was refused. The defendant thereupon appealed to the Full Court at the March sittings, when the case was adjourned in order that Mr Haynes might produce the affidavit setting forth the reasons of the Magistrate for refusing. Mr Haynes produced the required affidavit, in which it was stated that claim was upon the lawyer's bill of costs more than three months old, and under the terms of the Legal Practitioner Act it was a bill that could not be taxed, and therefore if he heard the case again he should still be obliged to find a verdict for the full amount. Mr Haynes contended that the plaintiff's claim waB not upon the bill of costs, as it was made in the lump sum, which defendant considered excessive. The magistrate should, therefore, have granted a re-hearing of the case. Mr Justice Hensman remarked in the course of argument that the magistrate was willing to grant a new trial, but he thought he saw a legal bar in the way (the Chief Justice) which has proved a ghost. The Bench were unanimous in the opinion that the magistrate had labored under a mistaken understanding when he regarded the plaintiff's claim as constituted by a legal bill of costs. It was a cheque in a lump sum of £52 10s for an attendance in the Police Court. Their Honors considered that the magistrate had not exercised his discretion, and granted the appeal for a new trial, with costs. MITCHELL V. VYNEB. The circumstances of this case being exactly the same as in the previous one, a similar order was made. COSGBOVE V. COLREAYY. This was an appeal against Ihe decision in the Coolgardie Local Court, given on the 3rd February last, in an action brought by Wm. J. Cosgrove, appellant, against Catherine Oolreavy, respondent, claiming £33 4s. lid., for goods sold and delivered. Mr Walter James appeared for the appellant, and Mr E. W. Pennefatherfor the respondent. It appeared that in the original action the plaintiff was nonsuited on the ground that the sale had been made to one Thomas Colreavp, and the appeal was based on tbe grounds that there was evidence given at the hearing showing that Thomas Oolreavy was acting as the defendant's agent; that there was evidence that goods weie delivered at the defendant's house, and that she had never repudiated the debt. Appellant's counsel contended that the Magistrate was not justified in granting a non- suit. After argument, the appeal was dismissed, with costs. MUDGRE V. ADELAIDE S.S. COY. In the case of Mudge v. Adelaide S.S. Coy., the appeal was upheld and an order made that the sum of £150 damages paid into Court should be returned to the defendant Company. 