Photography. Intensifying Lantern Sides. THE PYRO AND SILVER METHOD. By E. DOCKREE, in "Photography." The application of pyre and silver to images (photographic) either negative or positive, when held in a gelatine film, far the purposes of intensification, has from time to time been looked at in a dubious manner by those workers who have nsvsr tried it, and by those who Aave tried It and failed through want of csre and clsynUnsss In the different stages it has been thfown or cast aside as useless and disappointing. Exports in photographic chemistry tell us that nitrate of silver Is not adapted to in tensifying Images in gelatine plates on ac count of Its propensity of staining, and even if the said staining were not so evident, Its action and result of the reform are hardly so definite and certain as those process*! wheretv an exact substitution is effected. The purport of this article being for the benefit of those who delight in " lantern slide making;, pictorial end otherwise," the writer will, from personal experience and careful dtudy extending over a period of nearly three years, recapitulate the whole process, and. Judging from the results ob tained by it. has no hesitation in affirming it to be the simplest and yet most efnei cious method of intensifying lantern slid 3* when found necessary so to do. It has been, frequently stated that it Is far easier ta make a fresh slide than go through tk» trouble r.t the intensification of a weak one to gain the desired effect. Ts> some it may be, but to those enthusiasts who do not mind "trouble" (if such it can be called) an Intensified slide Is more often than cot possessed of tome points not ob tainable in a slide direct, the degrees to which .intensification can be carried, whpl)y or partially, having a value or values of their own, easily discernible to the experi enced eye. Some workers say the only re sults they have obtained by the application of the intenslfler In question are stained fingers, ditto films, frilling of films on the glass plate, dirty dishes, Ac. all of which are difficult to remedy. These drawbacks are the reward of want of care and cleanli ness on the part of the operator, and su'h defects having accrued therefrom, the solu tions or formulae are given the discredit of being useless, and "things to be avoided." The making of a lantern elide fit for pro jection Us not a case of minutes ; as much a 8 three to five hours have been devoted by the writer In obtaining a certain desired result. Referring to the various manipulations which it is necessary to carry out In order to obtain a successful lsßue, we first of all make up the following solutions : —A —Pyro 6 grains, citric acid 15 grains, distilled water lot. B—Silver nitrate 30 grains, distilled water lot. Place each la a sepa rate bottle, and label carefully for guidance, for both being colourless, the wrong pro portions, when combined, will result in the various defects attributed to it. The slide requiring the application of the matter in question, having been thoroughly fixed in the usual manner. Is placed into a weak solution of Howard Farmer's reducer, in order to get rid of any veiling or fog which might be apparent ; It is then removed, and well washed in running water to elimi nate all traces of hypo—half-an-bour is ample. This effected, it is then placed for ten minutes into a strong alum bath to toughen the gelatine film, which prevents frilling, and at the same time decomposes any hypo that might possibly be left be hind after the washing as afore directed. It is removed from the alum solution, and again washed in running water for ten to fifteen minutes. Taking sufficient of Ato cover the plate add thereto a few drops of B. Nothing except a quick depositing of the silver on the dish Is gained by adding a more than necessary quantity of the B solution ; place the slide in a clean dish, and with one sweep of the combined solu tions flood the plate evenly (rocking is un necessary). Allow the solution to remain on the gelatine film for the space of two to three minutes ; it will be noticed then that the solution water, white at flrat, is gradually assuming a pale brown tinge ; remove the plate with the thumb and finger, and holding it up to the light, the process of intensification can be easily watched until the desired result be at tained. Immediately such is reached, flush the slide with clean cold water for th« space of a couple of minutes ; this done, \\\ will be noticed a slight opalescence covers the film, owing to the free silver coming into contact with lime or a chloride in the washing water ; to remove this, once more return the slide to tne hypo bath—all traces will immediately disappear ; that done, well wash, and place to <rj in a posi tion free from dust. By mefmos of this Intensifler the ghost of an image feu easily be built up into a fine slide, and (bother great advantage it possesses is the alteration of the original tone of the image, a fact not easily procurable by any other means of strengthening, and, as far as the writer is concerned, permanent. In conclusion, there is no hesitation in affirming that, once the process become acquainted with art mastered, the worker will use none other, Its action being ex peditious and pleasing. 