PERSONAL. ? ? — -v ? — — rrrz.« v»»«. «. uureuay. PoRT-Lftureate Austin was 62 yenrs of age on May 30. At the annual mooting of the Australasian Fede ration League on Friday Mr. 1\ B. Freehill was elected treasurer. Mn. J. C. Ward, late Now Zealand Colonia Treasurer, and Mr. Cowan have been nominated for the vacant seat for Awarua. At the annual meeting of the Broken Hill Jockey Club, the balance-sheet, showed a credit of £47. Mr. Pat Quinn was elected president. Mr. C. II. Tripp, of Orari Gorge station, Canter bury, N.Z., died recently. The deceased gentleman commenced sheepfarming in the hill country skirt ing Canterbury Plains as early ps laoo. Thk three principal Australian sets of verse in commemoration of the Record Reign are from the pen-- of three Irish- Australians — John Farrell, of Sydney, and Lousjhran and 0'IIara, of Victoria. A ciuhhagu tournament was concluded at the Mechanics' Institute, Tamworth, on Friday night. when C. J. Shannon and T. Ilayleton won the final rubber, from John Denning and A. Murray. A lkttku received from Brindisi by last mail announces the arrival there in very much improved health of Mr. Daniel Mullins, who with his niece was en route for London, whence they purposed going on to Ireland. Vh. Lyne's protectionist speech occupied less vthan a third of a column in the protectionist Star, *ide by side with more than a column respecting the wooden building now in course of erection at Martin - place Why this thusnessr . ' Glbnbrook' Butler's recent extradition is likely to cost N,S. W. a nice little sum. Though Attorney General- Want is, not disposed to say how much, the little bill presented by the U.S. authorities is admittedly something surprising. TitoHAS Henry Aspinall (better known as Aspin all Tkiodon) died a few days since, aged 74. He was a son-in-law to the original Thiodon, of Thio dou's \Vonders fame, and adopted the name with the exhibition of his father-in-law. . Rbcext Grafton death announcements include the names of Mrs. Tapper, S7 years, and Mrs. Kemp, aged 90, 50 of which she had spent in the district. Also, of Elijah Taylor, one of the original prospec tors of the now famous Beacon mine, and of John Bfackie, 63 years of age. 'Do not make an union with us, sir,' advised Dr. Johnson, in conversation with an Irish gentleman while the Union question was in the air. ' We shouid unite with you only to rob rou. We should have robbed the Scotch if they had had anything of which we could have robbed them.' Hbab. Henry Labouch«re on the Eastern Ques tion :— ' It was now laid down as a principle of English policy that the Powers must guarantee the integrity of the Turkish Empire. They might as vrell glory, in guaranteeing the integrity of Hell and the dominions of the Devil for ever.' Thb q\iestions to be asked the electors under Sir 'W, Laurier's Canadian Prohibition Act are:— (1) Do you approve of prohibition as an abstract theory ? (2) Do you approve also of the imposi tion of direct taxation to the amount of 10,000,000 dollars a year to make up the deficiency in revenue which would be caused by prohibition? \- Mr. Tyson has what the irreverent c&U; the devil's own luck. It stuck to him . in England, While under the- influence of hypnotism or some thing of that sort, he gave £100 toward* the ex penses of the Queensland rifle team, and promised another £100 if the team won the big contest at Bisiey. Victoria won and Queensland was nowhere. Major Bortcheff, an officer of the Bulgarian army, and formerly A.D.G. to Prince Ferdinand, and M. Novelivitch, the Prefect of ^Police at 3?hiHppopolos, have been sentenced to imprison ment for life for the murder of Anna Simon, a cele brated Austrian beauty, the mistress of the first named. A gendarme who was an accomplice was sentenced to six years' imprisonment. At the Kiania Orange banquet on Boyne Water day Mr. Francis Abigail is reported to have ex pressed Ms intention of seeking the suffrages of 'the free and independent'* at the next general election- Kiama, the home of the famous 'ghost,' would not be a bad place to go in for political rein carnation. At present Francis is amongst the Shades. Sir Charles G&van; Duffy's *' My Life in Two Hemispheres' — now appearing in the Freemax — is growing in interest for others besides those who remember his connection with Young Ireland, His reminiscences have now carried him to Australia, where, as a prominent Victorian statesman, he was identified with public life for some twenty years or more. Titr death is announced in Tuscany, at the age of 95, of Pierre Manner, a Frenchman, who with Ms parents was resident on the Island of Eiba when Napoleon took up his compulsory residence there in April, I SI 4. Pierre remembered hearing the news towards the end of February, 1315, that the Em- ; peror, with over 1000 followers, had sailed away in t eioccas 'bound fcr Provence. Ik reply to the guidly Affleck, M.P., Aeting 'Prenrier Brunker the other day said, '* It was im possible to carry the Sunday-closing law out satisfactorily 'unless it was enf arced indiscrimi nately/' Admirable from the gentleman who had already instructed the police to enforce the law with ** discrimination.'1 Mr, Brunker is doing his bs»fc to please everybody, with the usual result. Ox Saturday two railway accidents were recorded in or near Sydney. A junior porter named John Garnhata, aged 19, was run over at Sydenhani «ati-m, and 'had both legs eat ofi, subsequently dying of his iivjories. At Eveieigh a fitter named James Williams, aged 29, while Attempting to cross the line, was knocked down by a passing engine, sustaining injuries to the head? Is&ok;, and thighs which, while not considered dangerous, &re; very severe. Sir Hugh Nelson, the Premier of Queensland, has been presented with the freedom of the Burgh of Xilm&mock;, Ayrshire, Msnfctive place. In replying to the address, Sir Hugh said Queensland did not desire representation fit 'Westminster, and -was not prepared to submit to Imperial taxation. It would be better, he th.io.sjht, frr the Home Government to consult the colonies at large upon any Imperial question aiffecsing thair interests. Attention of readers is directed to Messrs. J, I. MsrshsU &nd; Qo's dental notice on page 16. According to Mr. St. John Brodrick, P&rJis-; mentarvJ3«itftf«i;trotftifhy announce a proposal for the interchange of British and colonial military forces. The colonial Governments will be asked to send to England detachments of troops, who will be replaced in the colonies by men from the regular army. Briskanb correspondent : — The many friends of Mr. Justice Real will be glad to learn that he has now recovered from his recent severe illness, and was able to take Chamber business on Monday last. His Honor was fe icitated by the profession on his recovery, but on Tuesday he was unable to attend to Court. It is to be hoped that with rest, and perhaps a change, the illness will pass away. A i-asbagh from President Cleveland's greeting to Queen Victoria : — ' Great and Good Friend, — In the name of and on behalf of the people of the United States I present their sincere felicitations upon the sixtieth anniversary of your Majesty's accession to the Crown of Great Britain. I express the senti ments of my fellow-citizens in wishing for your people the prolongation of a reign illustrious and marked by advance in science, arts, and popular well-being.' Thk Crown Studios' (Mr. Blow's) employes had an excellent time, at Quong Tart's rooms on Friday evening, the occasion being the annual social. Sup per was laid for and discussed by 170 persons. Songs were contributed by the Misses Watts, Miss Lucy Lee, Messrs. Fox, Blow, Correy, Johnston, M'Maur, and others, violin solo by Mr. Heap, piano solos by M. Grongelle and Miss Wolstenholme, black and white sketches by Mr. Maroney. A Scotch rael by Mr. Sniithers concluded a very enter tainirg programme. It is asserted that neither the birth, baptism, nor confirmation of Queen Victoria is a matter of public record. A letter is extant, however, dated ' Kensington Palace, June 7, 1819,' in which the Duke of Kent, while acknowledging the ' obliging and friendly congratulations on the happy event'' of the Rev. T. Prince, assures the rev. gentleman ' how truly sensible I am of the kind and flatter ing intentions of those who are prompted to express a degree of disappointment from the circumstance of that child not proving to be a son instead of a daughter.' A little boy named Harry Peckman, 5 years of age, sen of Mr. H. Peckman. of Katoomba, wan dered away from his home on Wednesday afternoon He was not missed by his mother until about 6 o'clock, when she immediately gave the alarm. A number of residents turned out with lanterns and torches, the night being very dark ; the hills ard ^gullies were thoroughly searched until 11 o'clock, when the youngster was discovered about a mile away from his home. He was crying and was very cold, otherwise he appeared none the worse for his little experience. Sir Timothy O'Brien, the crack Oxford bat who may form one of Stoddart's Australian cricket team, is not only a good cricketer but a sturdy stickler for liberty of conscience. It was to his action when entering Oxford that the abolition of the test oath which closed Oxford University to conscientious Catholics was due. He refused to take the oath ; his admission was granted subject to a reference of the matter to the council ; he went through his courses without impediment, and— then the bar was abolished. In this respect he did what O'Connell did sixty years earlier in the House of Commons. At the annual meeting of the Paddington Elec torate Cricket Club, Mr. 'Dan' Hogan, the hon. sec retary, came in for much eulogy upon his excellent report, as well as upon his combination at all times of business energy and bonhomie. The club, which is preparing the Paddington Reserve as its own par ticular ground, starts the new season with a nice little balance of between £S0 and £90, nearly all gathered during the past year. Few alterations were made in the office-bearers, the most noteworthy being the election of Mr. J. C. Neild, M.P., as patron, vice Mr. David Storey, M.P., who thought the office should 'go round,' and. was himself elected president. Col-oxtsl (known during his stay in New South Wales as Major- General) Hutton is not much given to flattery, * What he said at the banquet to the departing Australian troops in London the other night may, therefore, be accepted as his conviction. He asserted that the British Army had learned much from the colonial troops, and it was the opinion of military experts that it would be impossible to find a finer body of men than the colonial contin gents. Each colony had endeavoured to make its force a complete military unit. Australia's co operative system of defence was an example to the Empire. By 'co-operative system of defence' the Colonel in all probability had Federation in his mind's eye, Thb Rev. M. Isitt is at it again. This enemy of the abomination which lurks in a glass of grog lately attacked the Newcastle section of the Angli can Church for its supineness on matters teetotal, which he explained by the alleged fact that that body was bought 'over by the blandishments and cash of publicans and brewers. At Singleton on Thursday he is reported to have gone a step fnrther, and accused the Anglicans of that town of deliberate opposition to his temperance mission. He said hi* committee had arranged with this Church and officers so that the mission they «-ere holding last week would end on Sunday, and his would then go on, so as not to clash. But, strange to say, the Chareh. people had continued theiT mission, enn dnctedby Mr. Dibley, this week also. He denounced the action as unmanly, and said that Singleton was the dullest place in regard to moral Tef orm. especi ally among Church people, that he had ever been in. Mast a three- volume novel has an fiimsier foun dation than the simple story told by an unknown visitoT to No wra on Friday. The stranger, claiming to be a Government official in an adjoining district, states that while crossing Cambewarra fountain night overtook 'him, &nd; getting bushed he tell over a precipice, but it was halt-an-hour before he reached the bottom. He fell ha!f-a-mile. landing fiTst on one tree and then falling farther and strik ing another, and so on ad ir^ini-tum. He lay uncon scious at the bottom all night, and next d\y came to Nowra, braised and sore ; his filothes being torn. He purchased a new suit, and went to a loc^l hotel to get a change. While in the bathroom somebody abstracted £17 from his pneket. This is all up to date, except the somewhat anti-climacr.ic.al fact that ?' the police are investigating the -matte?.' It only needs a maiden all forlorn to fall in love with the interesting stranger, when, we would advise (^ht) *' Rod' Quinn also to 'investigate the matter' with a view to a capital plot, The forms and privileges of Parliament may be a gOiid thing in the main But when they are used, as at the instance of the Minister for Mines they were the other night, to smother inquiry into alleged conspiracy to defeat the law, the effect is distinctly pernicious. Mr. R. A. Price, M.P. for Gloucester, gave notice of his intention to move 'that, in the opinion of this House, the Government should take action in respect to a statement made by the member for Waratah to the effect that a number of squatters in a certain part of New South Wales had conspired together for the purpose of selecting a local auc tioneer and agent to tender for the right to make land valuations for the Land Tax Commissioners, that the individual in question was to tender at such a low rate as would preclude other men from getting the work, and that the squatters agreed to recom pense the man for doing the work cheaply.' In re gard to matters of this kind it would be more healthy to afford the public information than to 'cover it up' ' by form of Parliament, as in this case was done. 