ASTOUNDING, locomotor ATAXIA I CURE. I DOCTORS PRONOUNCED CASE HOPE-' LESS. HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OAGJR. 1 A PROM+NKNT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIMONY. . _(Erom the ' Australian Workman.') | Our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is ono of the best known residents of that thickly populated suburb. He was discovered nursing s baby, and bis face declared liim 10 be one of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary questions, ho said : " You want to know all about my case? Well, I ain glad of ail opportunity to "tell you. The faets may be of value 10 those who are stricken as I was. "Now long were you suffering ?" "About tive-and-ball years ago I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while iaking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney, From tlie date of the accident the health began to fail, and after four years of gradual development of Locomotor Atnxia I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were for alt the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one alse. I was incessantly shivering and shak ing, .and could neither" eat nor. sleep. I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. " I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and ouly a question of days when 1 I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, and did all lie could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor .< taxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar dis turbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. " (Just then the patient kicked bis legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) " Well, just as a drown ing man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale' People. I read iu_ the advertisement of a case which seemed to tit my own. I determined to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial anyway, aud sent lor a box. The effect was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and able to move about. When taking the fifth box, I was able to walk shout with the aid of a stick and was gradually but surely_ recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and J have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pills, but I was too weak to use them, aud now I don't want them." Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken tho baby on her knees, said Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved his life and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a short time buck. ":I can now," continued Jarvis, " bavo a cold bath, and all the feeling lias come back in my legs. Iojcpect shortly to resume work as a boilermaker, and you kno'w I have to bo in the very pink of health and strength to work nt that trade. I am better to-day than I have been litany time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in now pain now whatever, and feel like a now man. O11 the mantlepiece there is a box of Opium and Morphia Pills which the doe- tor gave tne to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they arc, for I no longer need them, Everybody who knows me has been amazed at tho change in me, They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." 