Tlic "Apparatus" Can Lie. Photographers, espitclaHy flajaleur photographers, will tell you tlmt the enmera cauuot lie. Tills ouly proves that photographers, especially auiateur pho tographers, cnu ; for the dry plate can III) us badly ns the canvas ou occasion, awl is actually more pernicious because of Its undeserved reputation of veracity. Who (asks Mio " J'flJJ Majl Gazette") would believe n ghost story ou tile un corroborated evidence of n painted pic ture V Yet n photograph of a house tit Halesowen, taken a few days ago, in cluded the likeness of the wealthy lady who vjicalcd it six months back. As she vacated il for (hi? churchyard, (he pinto appropriately enough exhibited lior dressed in a shroud ; mid so con vincing was (Ills very counterfeit, pre sentment that a regular ghost scare broke on), and several women averred tlml fhpy coii|d see the dead lady at I lie window! On Sj|l|irilay |t was dis covered (hut it was all due to some flaw iu the photographic apparatus, just as in a very siuillur case at Ipswich, Eng land, sonic time ago. There the view represented tt backwater oil llie Illver filliping, nltd 1)1 the water there was clearly outline*! a i]iw»e(| feii)iile figure-waist, bust, features, hair jud all. They actually dragged the river to see what (hey could lind, and found nothing. Curiously enough, a woman »vi|ti re/l|(y (Jrowned at. that very spot n few weeks Inter ; no iliut Jpswlnh j|||o togrnphy seems to be ns previous tie HhIcsowcu is retrospective. M. Wo rill Is said to have made close ujiuU u million out of his gowns. Titled people arc not always Jwitijnni of fashion, ns ninny seem to think. A , certain countess Is said to dress so j plainly that on 011c occasion she \vn« | hskuit lv A pentlenmn at a fashionable gathering'to fi'Mi a spoon-he . thought she was a housemaid I Mm'u , over, she did so, jiiji] treated the whole i thing as a joke when the gentleman dis covered ills mistake. Another lady was (ofd Jti ij yjnge wlilsper, by n waller, to I cat her soup 'with ft t>j;wn oui.v, he evi dently thinking she was strange to (hi; ' manners of ultra-fashionable society judging by her plain dress that she was a nobody ; but the lady often tells this to her frlciu}?, nu'l makes light of the clr 1 cuuistauce's. ' ? -? - f 