THE GHOST OF THE SAWMILL. (Continued from Yesterday.), BY W. \Y. i Standing outside tho door Into tlie yard waa the girl Margaret Dolman. She was holding her apron to her eyes, sobbing, and near her was the man who had been feeding tlto calves. It was the latter who uddreFsed me. "She Is In great trouble nl»out the Father," he said; "he's very bad, Isn't he?" "I am afraid he Is. If I had known the mate he was hi I shouldn't have come. I'm afraid I've ex« ltc<l bltn." "Is It true that yon waul in live In the U)H1 hut?" Quite true; he has given me permis sion." "Ami you'iv not afraid?" "Now, "my s«otl follow, don't think me quite ,a fool. I do not believe In ghosts!" . "Well, I can swear to It that tho saw works at night, for I've seen and heard It myself," be returned, doggedly. "Yes, I know it. does; and it cuts lim ber, too. There's a couple of logs down there now waiting to be sawn, and the man that's coining for the quartering to- morrow will pay for the work, and doesn't believe In ghosts that win saw logs Into planks no more than I do." "Who Is the man?" "The name ou llie logs Is Mills." Margaret had dropped her uproii by that time, and as I mentioned Mills' logs, 1 Intercepted a quick glance of fear exchanged between the two, but tbeu in the slloucc tin? girl turned such a pleading, pitiful look of her eyes upon me thnil put out my band Impul sively and caught hers. "I cau see you have a secret about the sawmill," I said: "but count on me as on your side. 1 am an houcst mutt, and no betrayer." "I am sure thai you are to be trusted, and It Is nothing wrong." "I am sure of that, too." And so 1 wont away down the hill again, certain that the secret of the mill was 110 secret, at least to Margaret Dolman, and that I should lea in all about It In duo course. i was very busy In the gap all thnt day. I set my traps in various sputa ou the range, and. while my supixjr was cooking, arrange! my belongings In Lhe hut entirely to my satisfaction, for It looked a snug little place when I took o IT my cookery, and sat down to cut a comfortable meal. When I had llnlshed nml cleared away I put a log on the tire, for, of course, the hut. was damp, so long with out a lire, and tiuder the shadow of those great trees. It was getting dusk lying down. John Mills' logs were ly ing at the saw bench Just us he hud left them. When 1 Inld myself down on tho coin- fortublo bed I hud nrraugvd on poor young Klngsforri's trunk, I had no in tention of sleeping, for 1 was determin ed to watch that sawmill, and cutcli the ghost at work; but. the unwonted fa tigue, the mountain ulr, and the good supper combined to do their work, and I was sound asleep before I had time to think. 1 had not slept so sound for years. 1 am sure of Hint, lie cause the milt must have heen going for a good bit Jiefore I awoke. I started tip a bit puzzled at llrst as to my whcreiilxmts und the strange tioLse that was rushing i'nd grinding outside, and then I re- numbered all— the ghost was at work! The log was aglow In red em Iters only, ind I was cautious to show no light. A tfintorn was among my things. I lit the hit of caudle in It, and carrying it in my hand closed, was going out when nil at once tin: roaring rush of water censed, and the wheel stopped— was I too' lute? H appeared so; when I went cautious- '1y round the trees and nndergrowHi un til 1 could have touched the saw I smell, there was not a sound under or arotuid the mill shed. 1 stood still for a few moments and listened Intently— nothing rewarded my patience. Then I opened the lantern uml saw what had been John Mills' logs lying n neat pile of quartering awaiting removal. I was as f.ir from the secret of the saw mllll as ever! At least T thought so. and when I went hack to the hut I felt very angry with uiyself for liavlug so easily let sleep overtake me. All I had to do now, however, was lo exorcise niy pa- tleuce until another load of logs should lutj>|ieit to he delivered at the mill, and take care they should uot he sawu white I slept. ' .I entcrcil the hul and closed the door behind me, ami then 1 saw between me and the lire the tigure of a man stand ing Still. Now, a man may he ns great \- an unbeliever as his knowledge of li'ow llttlis he knows will permit him to he,' utu'l yet. he excused If he felt the queer . shock 1 did at that moment. Could'it he the spirit of the dead man that steed, so Hlloutly there on his own blood murks? The reply cumo as I Hashed the light lu his face, "Dou'l he afraid; ' 1 am a living uiuii, mid not a 'dead' It wan a good looking young fellow who hail spoken, and he had fair luilr curling under a dark in p. lie , was rather low of stature, and slight, I saw ilmt in a' tussle with him 1 would hnvo; a fair enough chance, and, besides, I had u small revolver lu my pocket! ' ."One would tliluk you lutd rend my thoughts." I returned, ns I set down the light. "I was wondering If you were- the Mill (J host after all." . "1 am uud I am not. I tun going to tell you all ahout It." "Well, sit down, and do It" at your, ease." lie did so, keeping Ills face to me and looking at me as he-asked If I guessed who he was. "No, not ex actly; hut I am sure you are the man who works the sawmill." ' "With help, yes I do; hut I am a man you have heard of n good ileal lately. I nil) Herbert Klngsford." '/'You were not murdered, then, after all?"' "I was nnd I wasn't. 1 am going lo tell you nil the story. You were up at Dolman's this morning, and gat leave to live lu thnjnit?" "No, Dolman's hul; hut Hie one I used 1o live In. Of course, your being here was greatly ngalusl the sccrcsy I have been practising ahout the tiilll; but Margaret— Hint Is. Dolman's daughter- urged me to tell you all and trust yon. Margaret Is a good .fudge, and she nays . you have a good face." I laughed a lit lie at the Idea of a young woman living so far out of the world being u good judge of faces; yut ggggggg 1 had often heard of a good woman's instinctive knowledge. "Margaret does ine honor, and she Is your sweetheart, Is she not?" "Tliank God, yes; but she Is more— she is my wife." "Yon surprise me; but go on." "You have heard how much Dolmnu was against my hopes of Margaret— he was like a madman when he found out. Tie ordered me off, and when he found that Margaret Intended to be true U> ute he came down here after dark and mur dered me." "Oh. come, come!" I sad, laughing, "draw it mild." "Well, lie did his best, anyway, ns you will hear. lie came in here when t was sitting before this chimney and tired a builet from a revolver at me— there is the mark, see." Kingsford took off bis cap and turned bis head. Then; was u deep scar along the side, making n bare truck hi the thick fair hair. "You were wearing a brown boxer hat?" I asked. "Yes, I was; why?" "I found It yesterday at tho edge of the dam ubove." Yes? Well, I'll go on. The bullet did not pierce my skull, as the old iiinu no doubt believed it did: hut it stunned. im\ and 1 fell. I knew no more until I found myself In Hie mill dam uud strug gling for my life." "(Jood heavens!" "Yes. you know now how determined the old wreteh was when he would not eveu give me a chance. But 1 suppose, believing me dead, he was only secur ing himself by hiding my body. You may guess what strength and determin ation he hud when lie threw me over Ids shoulder like n sack and carried me up that rise; but it has come back to lihn mow. Old I'etcr Dohimu's strength to du evil is goue for ever." "Yes, Indeed; linlsh your story." "I guess It was the shock of the water" that brought back my senses to Hud that I was drowning; but he hud thrown! me In where my struggles brought me to the surface, where an old gum hangs one young branch into the water. I caught It, uud umtmged to cmwl out." "What did you do. then?" "buy there until Margaret brought Dan down to look for inc. She had seen her father steal down, and was afraid. They took me buck to. the hut here, and that very uight Dolman had the stroke that made him helpless, so It was easy to nurse me until 1 was able to work tho mill again ng a ghost." "Why did you never let Dolman know that you were not dead?" ."To punish him!" the young chap said, vehemently. "A man enmjoi be miu-; dcrcd with cold blooded villainy with out feeling bitter against Hie wretch that did it. At least I couldn't. Only for the sake of Margaret I should have made his days end In n prison cell for his vile deed. As soon as I got well enough I insisted on Margaret becoming my wife. What claim has such ns I'etcr Dolinnn on a daughter's obinU- once? Dan helps ine to work the mill, ami I live up nt the house without fear of Dolmuu knowing, since he Is so help less," "What was his reason for Imlng ao set ngnluKt your courting the girl?" "I believe it was nothing hut pun- sel fishness. lie litis made a slave of Mar garet ever since her mother's death years ngo. and lie couldn't bear the Idea of her escape. Since his partial paraly sis, I have got to be a hit sorry for him now and then, and if he would only show the least symptom of repentance for what ho did I would let. him know tliat he Is uot a murderer; hut Dolman has no conscience— tho devil 1ms har dened his heart." "You must not judge. For your own sake, I would, If I were lo your place, tell him the truth. In -my. eyes, he looks very bad, and most likely auotlter stroke will carry him off." "If he would only show some repent ance for what he did." ' "We are not fold to wait for our ene mies' repentance to forgive them: i«r- hnpH.Hic repentance may follow the knowledge that his sin Is not the great est of nil,. murder. I have read of men who believed that murder was the tin- forgiven slu mentioned In Scripture." "I promised Margaret that I would lake your udvleo," he replied, "and I will come up In the morning— for Dol man hi In bed by this time— come up and break it to him; hut X charge you to try first, and get one word of repout- uuee out of him." ' "X -will- do my boat "And see, I lmvc been Thinking about thnt lint yon found; take It up with you and-say I fold you-to show it fo him. l'crlmps that will fetch a confession of sorrow. If U docs, I will forgive hint." I went up lo Dolman's ahout the same hour that it had been. oil' my visit of the dayr before, and I carried in my lmud, covered with ii paper, thelomaudHtain- Gd.hdr! Old Dolman was. In Ids. chair on the stituiy verandah, ; looking much the same as I had before seen him; but the old man's expression was changed.' He wan haggard and anxious looking, without the spiteful, fierce look lie had before exhibited. , \\. ' JITu! you. did come, 'f licit? I'm glad. Have you any news for me? . Sit down there uml Tell me. I'm not right at till ihls momliig. iny h'iUHl is mmih-likc, so 1 ,'cnnie Into the sun. Did you 11ml out whbV lilaklng a' fool of nte, pretending UinMt was a ghost that was running the mill?", ' "1 .did," 1 answered. Furiously. "I found out the— trulb. There Is no doubt thnt the young man Klngsford is run ning the mill ut nights." . "It Is a He! He couldn't— he couldn't!"- . "Why,?" , . "Because lie's dead!" and Into tlio hol low eyes ngriiir Hushed a strange lire. ."Didn't they tell you he was dead, mur dered?" "But bo amy not be dead for all Hint," "I wish to God he wasn't. I wlsli I was as sure of a hope of Heaven its that Deri Klngffford Is detail" I gar.ed at tho man, wh<isc trembling hands wore for a moment outstretched as If in appeal to the dead, and won dered If the sorrow for Ills deed that Ida victim hud waited for was there ul last. "And you say yon saw hint.' You couldn't— you couldn't. I tell you he Is dead." "I saw hltu," I said calmly, "as eor- uioio, lie sent a message to you." . 'A nicmmge! lo me!" The old man was now greatly agitated, though put ting tho strongest self-repression over Ids words. Ills eyes all the while fixed awfully on mine. "Where did you see him?" "In (ho lad. A young man stood there before the hearth hist nlglil when 1 wont In after dark. He told ine uot 1 lo be afraid, thai ho was Herbert Klngsford, who had In-on foully sltot there on Ids own hearthstone, and he told me thai I was to tell .vou thai you would he forgiven If your re pentance was sincere." "Oh, iny God; my God! It is, It Is! I have lived an hourly death ever since Hint God-abandoned night! Rut you are a stranger, nnd yon are mocking nie! It is. a He! Would you make fuu of an old man, who Is sitting helpless on the borders of death this moment!" "I am not mnckiug you. I have told you the simple truth. If you do not believe mc, look nt this. Klngsford told me to show it to you." . J had unfolded the hat nml held the thing out before him, torn and muddy and blood stained, lie stared nt it In one moment of horror, and then he ut tered a cry that I shall never lose the memory, of. ; "Oh, may God In ids mercy forgive nml 1 was m«d when I did It; mad with pride and obstinacy ami rebellion against Thee! Oh Lord, for Christ's sake,- forgive the poor slnuerl" and Del- mau fell back insensible. When he recovered, Herbert Kingsv ford was supporting him, and Margaret by his.. aide, holding and chafing his liamlB.f'. Wo Imd feared.lt -might have liewn another attack of paralysis, but It was only 21 faint., from which a sip or two of wine gave him back some little strength, nnd he looked into Ittagsford's face with n gasp of horror. -"It Is all right, father. X am not dent). . I . got out of the dam and re covered. Don't be afraid— X aui real flesli'nnd blood; feet my blinds. It can grip liurd. All Is forgiven!" : "I don't understand," murmured Do!-' man, weakly. ."You lire alive, and you 'cjilled-ine-ftttber." "So you are; for Margaret Is my wife. Cheer up.' for nil will be well now." And it is to be hoped that all was well, with Dolman wheu, a few months later, be was found dead lu .bis bed. liavlug .. apparently died quietly In. his sleep. . I believe he was truly repentant for his sin. and bad looked In the right place for forgiveness of It. l am stiit living In the mill but, n eon-, tented ami healthy man. Them Is a garden of dowers now where the big trees used to keep the sun from the roof of my bumble homo, and there Is no .loneliness iu the neighborhood, -for the saw mill Is In full work. every day. 1 have vlstors, too, In addition to Klngs ford and his sweet faced Margaret, for two of their little ones often come to make merry around me, or to get a ride when my home Is harnessed to go for goods sold still by our too superstitious .friend Cnrr, of the roadside store, who looked grievously disappointed wlien he was obliged to own that there was no longer a Ghostly Secret of The Sawmill. (Concluded.) 