THEATRE ROYAL.— THE VERISCOPE. the veri scope presentment of the fight for the championship of the world, which took place between Corbett and Fitzsiin- mons at Carson City, Nevada, 011 17th March last, attracted a very large attend- ance at the Iheatre lloyal on Saturday evening. As everyone knows, the contest, which was for a purse of £3000 and a side wager of £1000, resulted in a win for Fitz- simmons, tlie New Zealander, and conse quently tins presentment of the battle lias for Australian sportsmen a special interest. The veriscope is an invention of the eine- matograplie order, but of more recent date, and whfle it retains the disagreeable flick- ering of the cmeinatographe, it possesses tjio'hd vantage, of being able to depict a'Jife srae view of the scene for a continuous run of 12 or 15 minntes. Tlie picture shown on oiiturdny evening exceeds in size anything of the kind ever seen in the colonies. The screen 011 which tlie views were thrown was spread across the full width of the stage, and the movements of the combatants could be so closely followed that many in tlie audience became at times as excited as if tlie men themselves rather than their veriscope ghosts were before tliem. All tlie prelimi naries to the light are shown, tlie referee introducing the boxers and explaining the rules, the seconds putting the finishing touches on their men, jumping out of tlie ring at the call of "tune, and then the tight itself. If by some means tlio onlooker .could switch on tlie phonograph, and hear as well' as see the blows, or catch the cries of the excited 5000 spectators between tlie rounds, nothing would be wanting. As it is, however, tlie presentment is a remark able achievement, giving evcrv incident which happened from tlie time that tlie coinbiitants entered the ring until in tlie lltli round Fitzsimmons got liomc his fam ous blow on tlie "solar plexus," and Corbett was counted out. The effort made by the latter to get 011 to his feet be- fore the 10 sec. had expired is vividly pourtrayed, and liis chagrin when; on being able to rise, he finds that he lias lost tlie battle, is shown by the wnv in which he madly rushes round the ring striking at everyone, and struggling with liis seconds to get at Fitzsimmons, who is wav ing liis arms in tlie air in tlie ecstasy of vic tory. The whole production is very com plete, and is likely to attract many wlio per haps would not care to witness tlio figiit it self. It was noticeable on Saturday evening that tlie attendance was not merely eon- fined to sporting men. There was a large sprinkling of general playgoers, but there were very few ladies. 