A TRAIII IY1YSTERY BY JULIAN HAWTHORNE. CHAPTER IV. WVILL 0'. TI E WISPS. ~ ohn H. Brady and two others had 'been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the Hanier murder, and Brady had been identified by one of 'the French boarders as a member of Sthe gang that had attempted to rob the till at nine o'clock the evening before. This was the situation at -oon, on the thirtieth of December, and the morning papers of the next day contained full accounts of the arres', and. a word of editorial com mendation of the promptness of the p?olice. Meanwhile Brady, immediately, and with much warmth and earnest ness protested that he had never in his life committed a murder, and least S'of all on the particular occasion re ferred to, And in proof of it he affirmed that he had been half a mile away at the time. As it happened, there was a Grand Pedestrian Go-as yoi-please Contest in progress at the "Madison Square Garden at this epoch; and Brady would have it that he went there early in the evening and re mained all night. In technical lan. guage he claimed an alibi. But nobody believed him. He was a tall and muscular young fel 'low, with a boy's face on his big the gaslight shining upon the blades of the knives and daggers revealed the spots of rust left there by human blood; wherever the glance falls it encounters the hint of a dreadful secret. If any room in the great city be haunted, it should surely be this; here, more than anywhere else, should .congregate the ghosts of wickedness and disaster. Up and down in this chamber of spectres, on the first night of the New Year, paced a solitary man whose brain was busy with all its resources of ingenuity and experience, in the attempt to penetrate the latest of the city's mysteries. It was a mystery darker than the night and deeper than the victim's grave-a grisly legacy _rom the departed year. Upon the table lay the notes of the Twenty-sixth Street murder, as made by the inspector's agent, and beside them a number of newspaper clippings relating to the crime. Something 'else was there also-the 'battered bullet which had taken Louis Hanier's life. These were all, and truly they. amounted to very little. As yet they had thrown no light whatever upon the problem which the chief of the detectives was labouring to solve. Chance and conjecture could not be trusted; reliance must be placed upon logical reasoning, upon a careful analysis of the methods and probable motives of the crimes, upon a heedful comparison of this crime with others analagous to it, and upon trained familiaritywithevildoers and theirways. Buch were the instruments that must be employed, and they were not such as to inspire sanguine hopes of suc cess, At the best, the investigation bade fair to be a long and intricate •one. The bullet was the only real approach to a clue that had yet come to hand; could it show him the way .out of the labyrinth? With no over weening confidence, but patiently and persistently, he set his mind to the work of developing this atom of evidence into something cogent and substantial. What was the class of persons most likely to have committed this deed? Professional criminals ? The inspector shook his head. No profes sional tools had been employed; there were no evidences of caution or of trained aptitude. Nor would any burglar worthy of the name have risked a long term of imprisonment, not to mention his neck, for the sake of ,a till a thousand times richer than that of Ranier's poor little wine-shop. A common sneak-thief on the other 'hand might have robbed the till; but the common sneak-thief is almost never a: murderer: he shuns bold crimes, and is profoundly careful of his car. •case. Nevertheless, drink may render even a dastard temporarily reckless, and he will do a deed which his sober self would shudder at the thought of. And then what ? 'He has murdered a man, and he has carried off the weanon with which he did the murder. What will he do -with that weapon ? The answer to this question would depend (as the inspector, versed in the intricacies of human nature, perceived) upon the social status and character of the murderer. The cases are rare indeed where even the most hardened wretch will retain in his possession the instrument with which his deed was done. It is too dan gerous a piece of evidence, in the first place; and again, the associations :attaching to it are too hideous to be voluntarily endured. It was safe to assume, then, that the weapon would in any event be disposed of. But bhow? It might be supposed, by such as have no practical experience in such matters, that the guilty man would invariably throw the evidence of his guilt iuo the river, or destroy all traces of it in same manner not less effective. But, in fact, this course is adopted only by what (for lack of a better term) must be called the better class of murderers. On the other hand, there is a low and sordid type of ruffians who are withheld from it by the consideration that they would thereby sacrifice the few paltry dollars which might be obtained for the weapon at a pawnehop. Such creatures are so far from being uncommon, that, in three cases out of five, it will be safe to resort to the pawnbroker for proof. of their crime. Now, according to the hypothesis of Inspector Byrnes, the murderer of Louis Hlanier was a person of this type. The chances were that he had pawned his revolver within twenty- four hours of commit ting the murder with it; and it was in a pawnbroker's ofice that it must be sought. But in a city like New York, the number of pawnbrokers must be reckoned rather by the thousand than by the hundred; and pledges are often accepted without either name, date, or description. A score of revolvers might be pledged in a single day; and what chance was there, in the face of such difficulties, of tracing the weapon with which this bullet was fired, to its proper owner ? The inspector, however, was not the sort of man to admit himself defeated before the trial had proved him to be so. If the weapon had been pawned at all, it would probably be withing a day or two of the crime; and if the murderer was an inhabi tant of the neighbourhood where his victim had lived, the pawn shops which were most likely to reward a search would be those that were nearest at hand. These considera tions narrowed the field of profitable inquiry to practical limits. Certain important assumptions must, no doubt, first be taken for granted; but a beginning at least would have been made: and the principle was correct. In answer to the inspector's sum mons the sergeant on duty appeared. ' Send me the men engaged on pawnbrokers' oflices.' ' Yes, inspector.' A few moments later two detectives came in. Meanwhile, the inspector had been writing something on a sheet of paper. He now looked up at the men and said, 'I have some work for you.' It was neither necessary nor de sirable that they should be made acquainted with the final object of their mission. In order to its successful accomplishment the pawn brokers themselves must be kept in ignorance of this; and in no other way could such ignorance on the pawnbrokers' part be as sured than by allowing the detec tives to share it with them. Should the inspector let it be known that a murderer's pistol was being sought, and this fact came to the knowledge of a pawnbroker, the latter might prefer to screen his customer rather than to assist the police; for although many of the knights of the three balls are respectable men, others of them are little; if at all better than the thieves and vagabonds from whom they derive the bulk of their profits. Accordingly, the inspector based his instructions to the detectives upon the fiction of a robbery. 'I have made a list, here, of some stolen articles,' he said. *'Among them is an enamelled watch and a 32. calibre revolver. These last have probably been pawned. I want you to go to the pawnbrokers' offices and examine the list of pledges received between the dates of December 28th and to-day. MIake a note of every enamelled watch and of every pistol recorded on those days. Omit no thing, and as soon as you have com pleted your work report to me.' The two detectives took the sheet of paper and withdrew. 'Now then,' muttered the inspector to himself as he put away in a private drawer the bullet taken from Hanier's body, 'let me find the revolver which that ball fits and it will go hard if I don't lay my hand on the man who fired it, as well.' It was now late, and the chief de tective, whose mind had been on the stretch almost ever since the murder, prepared to go home and get some rest. But it was decreed that his vigil should not yet come to an end. He had just taken his hat to depart when the doorkeeper announced that the Shambling Man desired an audi ence. 'Admit him,' said the inspector laconically, resuming his chair. The Shambling man entered. There was a sparkle of confidence -nd satisfaction in his eye. 'Anything new?' the inspector in quired. 'Something rather new,' returned the Shambling Man, modestly. Important ?' 'It may prove of very considerable importance, I think. ' From whom did you get it ?' 'From a woman-a friend of Mrs. Hanier. She has made a discovery which adds a very significant chapter to the testimony. I have just come from her.' \- 'That sounds well,' said the inspeo tor, from whom all traces of fatigue had vanished as if by magic. 'Sit down and let me hear it.' The Shambling Man sat down and cleared his throat. OHAPTER V. THIE SILER OIGARIETTE CASE. 'A new discovery you said,' re marked the inspector. 'It seems a little late for that.' 'But not too late,' returned the Shambling man sententiously; 'and better late than never. She has been too much under the weather to do any thing until to.day-Mrs. Hanler has; but to- day she began and took ac count of stock, and an old friend of hers, a Madame Groux, came in to help her, and that was the way the new evidence was discovered. It was only by an accident that I happened to go in there this evening; otherwise we might never have known, for Mrs. Hanier herself doesn't seem to realise its importance.' ' What is it you are talking about ?' 'The silver cigarette case.' ' So there is a silver cigarette case, is there?' 'There was; and if there is still and we can find it we shall be a long way on the right road-or I am much mie taken. It was like this. I have been about,'as you know, during the last day or two making inquiries among the French societies to which Hanier belonged; and this evening it occurred to me to call at the house and ask Mrs. Hanier to let me look at any badges or insignia of membership that there might be among his possessions. For if he did belong, as is possible, to any society of a shady sort-anything anarchical or nihilistic, for instance-there would be pretty certain to be something re lating to it in his wardrobe or in his bureau drawers. He might have taken precautions to keep his wife from any knowledge of the matter while he was alive; and if he had died in the ordinary way lhe would no doubt have taken care to destroy all evidence of it. But being murdered he would have no opportunity for that, and there was a chance that the in vestigation might lead to something.' 'I'm afraid you are on a wild goose chase there,' said the inspector, shak ing his head. 'It isn't about that I'm going to speak,' said the Shambling Man eagerly. ' I only mentioned it in ex planation of my being at Hanier's house this evening. Mrs. Hanier, I found, was too ill to talk about the matter, but I got hold of Madame Groux and began by asking about any little knick-knacks she might have come upon among Hanier's things, when all at once she said that thieves had not only stolen the money out of the till, but they had gone off with a cigarette case that Hanier had lately had given him.' 'What sort of a cigarette case ?' I asked her. ' She said it was a very handsome one, made of silver and ornamented with figures in relief. It was worth a good deal of money itself, and had come to him with twenty dollars in money inside of it- instead of cigar ettes. ' "I asked her how long ago Hanier had received it ?" 'She said it was on last Christmas Day. She happened to be in at the time, but Mrs. Hanier was up.stairs. It came by express. Several other presents came at the same time, but nothing approaching this in value. Hanier often received small gifts on Christmas and sometimes on his birthday; the Desmonds, with whom he had formerly lived as butler, occnssionally sent him money; and some of the wealthier French people whom he furnished withliquors would present him with souvenirs. Once or twice he had received a 'testimonial' from one of the societies of which he was a member. It was because every body liked him, she said. '" I asked her who it was that gave him the cigarette case ?" 'She said that there had been nothing in the package to show from whom it came. She and Hanier had talked about it, but had come to no decision. She thought that perhaps Hanier may have had some idea of his own about it, but if so, she had not known what it was. There had been a great deal of business in the shop during Christmas week, and he seldom had more than a few minutes a day to himself until affer business hours, and then Hanier was too tired to talk much. She had intended to ask him about the cigarette case.later, but of course his death had put that and everything else out of her head. '"I asked her where the cigarette case had been kept ?" 'She said it was not kept in the till, but in a porcelain jar that stood on the mantel-piece in the back room and which was one of the few things there that had not been upset or broken. It was finding the vase undisturbed that had reminded her of the cigarette case, and she had looked into the vase and found it empty. ' "I asked her if the twenty dollars had been left in the case," and she said "No." She said that it was impossible for any one to see the case in the jar, and that it was very un likely that any one would find it there unless they knew beforehand where to look for it.' 'That is a point worth noting,' interjected the inspector. 'It seems to indicate that the persons who took the cigarette case were acquainted with its hiding-place, and must therefore have been habitues of the shop. But it is not clear why they should have refrained from breaking the jar. Was Hanier in the habit of showing the case to his guests ?' (7'o be con0tinuedL.) 