WOMAN; u® dan gekfiei- 0 MYSTERY ,--r vsin—(Continued.) no. L chink not. I c; Where I have seen -to* - • j^re,- V ^ r J U Lady Dangerneld ; mss"; L \hL= is too much. First T J ^ I W " PeIer DanS?er - '^^Vc-amain O'D" 4 Eisrfc: r of alive, m > they have met SsS ;aJ, '"v7.rwhere or was it - vou r Captain' o-Donnell? Surely t?' Alsicis" ^Hers. ceriair.ly. Where I N-- • - ht-r before 1 cannot tell; seen r''Sv- riia: if and fao ncl a ft My mer.iniay be trusted, be seen and cannot place I Mi*™- I f 3dy CeCi1 '^ f-emleman coming up and . -."c hrfOTV her. Talbot, of Morecambe. ; „ i-h a feu- last smiling shoulder to the ^ata' O'Donnell should have * ^ . Really, Miss Herncastle, •^r^riow personam. Wbjf® [hat she attracts and ; j ; me It isn't that I like 1 doubt. I ai iiitrust her. Tet tok at her. to hear her talk, her. rapt Sir I never succeeded in enl&e; that. Four hours iSi" the brink of asking me „otv he ioofcs as thoug-h another woman in the BR universe than Helen si**•'•- B-iskW. AI" nl 1 jealous, 1 wonder ? \- t m firry him. after all? f., requeue they call me?" ^.-uM bitterly as site looked toire TaJbot caught tliat tijrj foliwed it gaite £ ainaiion ?oing on there, pJjjv' He u-a.* rather obtuse, the ' -|Vfiis-i think Sir Arthur TO -jj.-.'a iidy's san. but gad: to-night —'Oh. rood heaven:" c. sv.n-.ej short—he stared 3{rhast. had lifted her Ftete-ly yT'MB-i tvwk of en gratings and snsi hjr fac? full tov.ards them, and t-fieiiF. time Squire Talbot saw her. looted at him. ana laughed A.-niz-mem. consternation, v r-ittur.'-d uiwn his !>-Jhe:-: Vj'On my word, the n? Lapidiy. You, too. have b-t^ 5E.-s Herncastle. then, in some (Crcs world? Is she destined jefcfray pentleman she meets in £5 manner?" -^w-nnaL did you call her. Lady Gom Heaven: I never paw pis ftsraililsnee. Upon my £ acred w; iejv Cecil. 3 thought it was a thai'? the t'onnula—they tfsrifcat. VTh rv se do you rake feS. Mr Taihot?" ^ierinr Psn^erfield. 01 course— ic&fe; it is—heavens:—it is as fcler as—" Tbe squire pulled out lEEntec ar.d uiped his flushed and you my word, I fr ew such a resemblance. Except ifc tfc iady Sas darker hair, and—yes •hs. I ifet—md is taller and more Btazdy-^is " Again thei=quire InsA tfe cocsSernation only permit- • a? feassaed sentences. " I nei-er ax sajtfe lite :t—never, I give you sr ira-r' TTliai does Sir Peter say? He bis C!T.'[ if'iiced i:. ar.d, gad ! it for " "JPaerisEtea in a collapsed ana sate ever since she entered Oh. yes. he sees it—not a «!S c.' tha Miss Herr.castle is like ® t! "WEKe Collins' novels - intensifies steadilv to the ; JJ3 ' ia the Iron Mask- was KrFiacf mmpared to her. Really, • fr-ghteans l>eriple in this psativ '-sr Laiy Dangerfleld ^^ tnsn-uetress of HcttZ.*''' Sfs,n ''^Shten Sir !&• p^"? 8 - at feMC said Squire sb"-"" 1 " 5 /'' recov6r fram his An3 She is only the ih^r,. 5air such a resemia• M- 3 !" my would t^f K £h,: " " u ! i see it? ^ ^.-field's bosom friend you fc^ ^^mff - ".' M d ?one to the -^ever Jffe- res emb!anee in all '* hir1 '-' 3 3 "-ay in their !4<r c„„ . how strange ! ^ ^ rtt th ° re " u<,si his ^5r«aT nv,t /h:lt he EhouW so herself who Arthur 'ret r,^, 1 ™- the pictures, as ^ ^ or time, lien, ^•BciaJr through the "Jfe^T - !lovr tone : fcr^ 31 - v ^ fellow, how are of ^Trtse and de- ; race- saw A' 0 "morrow Casfefort in the. * sir Arthur ont chasseur > and « d , inner - ; ^ mi Captain I y Dangerfleld. i ^ 4 ^ . ,' lterature - ^ you see. t ^ ^ 1 1 ? , ® ' I never lTHa<Jv onneil; i>ooks are an i * ttat v«» SlUpid t nowadays. ^dtal n ^' haJf ^ hour C^DoSraf^ ^outenoy.' "®®taijhii .I^1- oto " anv any '-' of L your your, an ofFontenoy?' of the „ " _ ^•^LlVT rare,y ^dered fiin^lr; ?/Jf It was ,e a ' most No pro- <» e C i ® v SrtI!-, you at r the gover- W ? i „ ^ "^u will Herncastle i ^ f a ^ ' last ^.S"* J hone Ml upon i ier pale. *3o Xes, Miss Herncastle could.read aloud—. Lady CecU had been right ^ ° t a wondrously musical voice it.Tras-Jv deep, so calm, so sweet! She mafl^a very striking picture, standing therT ea«iag fcer face aj^ w dead-black hair. \-- So thought Lady Cecil Olive, sA thought Sir Arthur Tnesenna-and c W tain O'Donnell. Both eenOemen. aTsf by some simultaneous impulse - listened intentlr- Sweet, dear, thrilling as a bugle-blast rang out the stirring worts. JL liefct leaped into the reader's eyes, a g w came over her pale lace; every heart there stirred under the ring of her tone, her look, her gesture as she ceased. "By Jupiter!" Redmond O'Donnell ex claimed, under his breath, "that woman is a marvel." Lady Cecil stretched out her hand for the book, a look of surprised admiration in her eyes. • -Miss Herncastle," she said, -you read that splendidly. The poet should have heard you. I knew you could read, but not like that. You are a born &Z; tress." The eyes of Redmond O'Donnell were fixed on Miss Herncastle with such a look of utter wonder—of sheer amazement and of recognition—that the baronet stared at him in turn. Standing there it had flashed upon him like an inspiration where he had seen Miss Herncastle before. Be started like a man from a trance at the sound of the baronet's surprised voice. "How thunderstruck you look, O'Donnell," he said, with a touch of impatience In his tone; "did you never before hear a lady .read?" j The bill-Irritated words fully aronsed Hhn. Redmond O'Donnell- turned away from the governess with a slight laugh. "Hardy like that, man ami. Ana I have just solved a riddle thai has puzzled me since last night. I think I hive had. the pleasure of both seeing and hearing Lady Dangerfield's very remarkable governess before to-day." It wanted just a quarter to twelve when Redmond O'Donnell left Scarswood Park, and took his way on foot to the town. He had been offered a. horse he had been offered a bed, and had declined both. To walk- on sach a night was a. luxury.- He lit a manilla, and' went over the road with his long cava! rvman's stride. It was a perfect.night, the sky Seep blue, the stars golden and glorious, the moon sailing up serene in their shinv midst- Long shadows of tall trees -lasblack across the road; the hedge-rows made the night air odorous, and, far or near, no living thing was to be seen. Far or iear! Redmond O'Donnell pulled up suddenly in his swinglng pace, and looked away afield. His sight was of eagle keenness. What dark moving figure was that yonder, crossing a stile, and vanishing amid the tall gorse? It was a woman—more, it was familiar even at that distance. In a moment his resolution was taken. What woman was this out for a midnight ramble ? She must have come straight from Scarswood—there was no other habitation near. Captain O'Don nell set his lips, flung away his cigar among the fern and grasses, vaulted like a boy over the hedge, and in a moment was in full pursuit. The figure that had vanished in the shadows of the waving gorse reappeared in the broad moonlit field. A -woman —no doubt about that now—a tall woman, walking swiftly, lightly, gracefully, as only young women ever walk. That stately stature, that pose of the head and shoulders, surely all were familiar— and a quarter-past twelve, alone and in haste! : What mystery was here Some "Instinct told me. six hoars ago, when I recogmeecr her first, that - something- was wrong—I am convinced jot. it now. - Something Is Wrong. What brings her here—of all -people in the world, end In the character of a nursery governess? And where is she going at this unearthly hour of night?" Still she went on—still the unseen pursuer followed en her track- " She never looked back; . straight, swift, as one who has some fixed end in view, sh" went on, and still, steady and relentless, determined and stern, Redmond O'Donnell followed. Her destination was Bracken Hollow. It came' upon him, seen for- the first time, black and grim, buried amon; gloomy trees, lonely ana deserted-' Ko lights gleamed anywba-e about it; its shutters were closed—unutterably eerie and desolate in the white shimmer of the moon. But the nocturnal visitor opened the grim wooden gale with a key she carried, r^locked It. and for the first time paused to look hack. She saw no one—the trees, and the shades, and the distance hid the pursuer; only, the silver sheen of the stars and moon, the boundless brae sky, the spreading green of "earth, ajjd the soft night wind .whispering over alL She turned from the gate, hurried up the grass-grown path, and vanished in the inky gloom of the porch. Redmond O'Donnell emerged from the shadow of the trees, end approached th&„gruesome dwelling.' He paused at the wooden gate, which barred his further advance, and gazed up the black, forbidding front. In his rambles over the neighborhood tie had never come upon this out-of-tlie- wayplaee; it lay in a spot so remote, so unfrequented, that few ever did come upon it by chance, and those who knew.it gave it a wide berth, for it bore .the ghostly reputation of a. haunted house. He stood, his folded arros resting upon the gate, -tali -sycamores and firs burying him in their deepest gloom, and watched and waited for—he hardy knew what What ought he to do? While he Etfll stood there irresolute, lost, in. wonder and a. sort of awe, the porch-door opened and I appeared. A second figure—the bent, form of a very old woman—came after. Thp firgt wfcs sneaking. ^ ^ ^ \- no, Hannah, .you shall ,f nDt cbdieJ Xfraid! What nonsense! • Xbe ttme ioi me to tear .anything ^earthly Is past ! Nothing, living fir dead, will harm me ! r win reach iScarswood in less, >, than three-quart)ersof!anhour,:get in as IgoJ outran spite of jall Sir.PetEr's «haihs and: locks, - iD-nmrnnAte'oaceHKBe -my lady's staid preceptress- of youth. Hannah Hannfch. what aiife itislGoback; try to fceep*eveiytiring «nflet.:. How Bar. tunate Braiafeai Hollow Is thought to be hannted, and no one. ever -comes here fey night or day- Nothing goes on Cor ever— 1 don't want it to go on for ever. My time Is drawing near; little by liffle the light is bresMng/and my day ?£ condng. I will return as speedHy jas possible. l\Tow, good IdSfi" She ran down, the £tepe. walked with her firm, resolute, fearless tread down the path, and, as before, lingered a seconder two aJtthe«aie. TTie oW woman had^gone back to tha houBe, jboA the jfaSv, ^flaxfc figiire under the firs she Afl notTfeee. 6he drew out her watcii, and looked at it by the light of *he toKwn. v. "Half-past/iJne 7 '" -die murmnrea. "I had noCtbBaaitJt so Jate. Ht wfll a before^ r^Bh Scarswood*" v " ^ . f i n^l Removed his hat and bowed to Miss HerneasUe. . \- She did not scream, she did not even start. There must have been brave blood in the governess 1 -eins. She stood ythere quite still. and faced -Mmbnt in the moonlight that grey pallor came over the resolute face, and the great grey eyes dilated with something' of the .look of a hunted stag. : "Captain Hedmoad O'Donnell" die said, slowly, "it is you! I breathe again—for one'-inoment i "absolutely took you for a ghost. My nerves are good, but yon gave them- a shocf' "Tes," Captain O'Donnell drily • answered, "T think your nerves are good. Miss Herncastle. I^iere are not many young ladies—not many strong-minded governesses even—who would fancy the long, lonely walk between Scarswood and this place between the ghostly hours of twelve and two." "Xo doubt," she said, with a smile, "you considered it your duty to follow me here to-night—to dog my steps, like the hireling assassin of an Italian nove!—to <it is not a pleasast word, but the word I want) play the spy?" He was walking by her side. He was lowering the pasture bars of a field as she spoke, to let her pass through. "Spy?" he said. "Well, yes, I flbnfess it looks, like it. Still, in justice to mS"sdf and my motives, let me say something -more tfaan simple curiosity has been at work to-night." \- "And yet, I suppose, «ie impulse of a gentleman would be to turn back at once,.and tttfnk.no more about it. That was, I know; the .first thought of Cafc tain OIDoonell.-the-bravest chasseur in all the army of Africa. May I ask why he did not act.upon it?"' "Simply for this reason—tttai Captain O'Donnell recognised Miss Herncastle at six o'clock last evening as she stood reading *Fontenoy.' "Indeed!" Miss Herncastle responded, with supreme indifference ' "Recognis ed me, did you? I am rather surprised at that. Ton encountered me in the streets of London probably before came here?" "No, madam; I encountered you in very different city. I have an excellent memory for faces, and though I may be puzzled to place them for a while, generally come out-right in the end." "You knew me?" Miss Herncastle repeated, but her eyes were gleaming strangely now. "Well, sir, you know nothing to my discredit, I hope? "XoOjing to your discredit, if you have told Lady Dangerfieid the truth, but baronets': wives rarely look for their -children's instructresses in the person of —Jfew Tork actfesf." "Captain O'Donnell!" "Miss Herncastle:" And then there was a pause, and for an instant how horribly thick and fast Miss Heracastle's heart beat only Miss Herncastle ever knew. "The play was 'Hamlet,' pursued the pitiless voice of the chasseur, "and the great transatlantic actor, Bdwin Booth, played the doleful Prince of Denmark. The Ophelia of the play was a tall, black-browed, majestic woman, who acted superbly. Miss Herncastle, I don' _ remember the name of that actress on the bills, but I certainly have the honor of walking by her side io-night' She turned to him with a swift, im passioned gesture of both hands—theatrtagl perhaps, but real. "why should I lie to you? Tou ere man. Tou will not betray me. I will tell the truth. I am the New Tork actress. I am the Ophelia you beheld six months ago." ' ; "I knew it, ".he answered, with""*eom posure. "I saw you many nights ii succession. ' Now' when I recognised you, I said to myself :. Hhis. actress, whom a cnyvded house spplauded tojjje very echo, night afiter night, has come motiverr-a sinister one,, in all likelihood —In quitting "her profession arid coming to this house in the role of governess. For, of course, Lady Danger&eld; is in -utter ignorance of her antecedents—^be- Jieves whatever story Miss Herncastle chooses to tell her." "Tou stale your case with all the pitiless grimness of the stern old judge on the bench," said Miss Herncastle, bitterly. "But what business is it of yours? Are you my lady's keeper? Has your own fate been orderd so sinoothly that you should hunt down to ruin a poor wretch with whom life has gone hard?' Something in her tone moved him— something in that passionate, savage, hunted look of her eyes touched frim. he harfiy knew why. "No, Heaven knows," he said, sadly, "my own life has been no pathway of roses. I em the last man on earth to set up in judgment upon my struggling fellow mortal, and accuse "him. T have no wish to hunt you down, as you call it Hiis night's work, this night's-discovery, and your avowal shall be as though they had neve - been." Whether I do right or wrong in concealing the truth is modi too subtle a. question for mi I only know I will conceal it." She held out her hand suddenly, with a second swift impulse. 'Por that much at least I thank you. Why Tiiave left the stage, why I have come here, you may one -day know. And now shall we say good night?" "How will you get in?" he esked. "The doors and windows seem bolted Cor the night." '^Doubly boltea, snd doubly barred,' Miss Herncastle replied, 'with e. contemptuous laugh, "to keep out burglars and ghosts—the two bugbears of St. Peter's life. Nevertheless, I wfll jgct in. GobiJ night,'Captain O'Donnell." He lifted his hat sad turned at ence. Miss Herncastle stood where he bad left her, -Hollowing the tall, gallant figure that crossed the moonlit field so swiftly, with a'strange expression .in her eyes and on her lips. CHAPTER XXTT—"AS DC A GLASS, -;- v - ' - DARKLY. On the night following Miss Herncastle'e • adventure Sir Peter rode home-' wjards irom Castieford,. wherfe -he -had %een virfting- close iipon midnight. He was in Irfs^i-good spurts—for him. The night -was lovely, bright as- day,-; and twice ias "beantSful. In his -eteiion just thai" all his constitutional dread of ehoets, of "black epirite and ^whlte, blue' Spirits and grey," vaniab0fl, ania he was ^guEtualiy trying to whistle n ehrUI little tnne as he scampered along. The clodisof Oastleford, plainly heard in the stillness, were striking twelve as the baronet entered his own donuainanS rode tip the avenne. What was that' His liorse had shied eo suddenly as nearly to ihnow han ofL i They were near B- huge joek, ^csllea the. King's Oak, from the legend that She Toting Hretenider had once taken TC-: fuge there trom "Sfls ppraiers. Its .great j iwSncheseBst ^uadrnvs for yards around and sKra-ly out otthosegloiamy shadows _oh, Heavrai:—a figure came—a white "figure, wiSh breaming Mr, a WPtnmed to the m r f e ^Alljf white—true ghosUy garpieBte-nrtseSraB, Blow. }t glided out, and stood fnllin hls f Tie blight, -cold-light {pC^Up ^^iiMjiiAa^iiillieliMf-'ll' £ h a W i He sat frGzen for a moment—frozen with "a horror too intense for words or cry. Then the startled horse shied again, and a shriek rang out in the midnight stillness that those who heard might nevti forget. Then the horse plunged madly forward, and there was the sound of a heavy fall. The groom, half asleep at his post, rushed out—two or three dogs barked loudly in their kermels—the groom Tushed forward and seised the iiorse, quivering with affright. He was riderless! At a little distance lay Sir Peter, face downwards, on the dewy grass, like a dead. man. And nothing else, earthly or nneaiWy, was anywhere to be seen. The groom etihoed his master's cry as he stooped and. lifted him up. He was senseless—^he had struck his forehead on a stone, and was bleeding freely. It was an awfully ghastly face upon which the moon shone. The double alarm had been heard. In five minutes another of the grooms, sleeping over the stable, came running to the spOfc. Ihey bore the stark and bleeding form between them, found his might-key in his pocket, opened the door, and carried him up to his own room. Sir Peter, however, long before a surgeon arrived, had come to himself again. The doctor dressed the "wound on his forehead, which teas trifling, prepared a sedative, and administered it. • The news spread, as such news __ is I pretty sure to do. By noon that day all Castleford knew that Sir Peter, riding home at midnight had beheld Eatherine Dangerfield's ghost under 1jie trees of Scarswood—had fallen from his horse in a fit—had struck his temple on a stone. The news spread—it was the talk of the town-rand among others came to the ears of Captain O'Donnell. He walked over. It was past three when he reached Scarswood. On expressing his desire to see Sir Peter, he was shown up to the baronet's room. "I trust I em not an intruder. Sir Peter," the young Irishman said, com tag forward; "but hearing of your accident " "Come in. O'Donnell—come in!" the sharp, querulous voice of the invalid said. "I wanted to see you." Tile chasseur came forward, and saluted Miss Herncastle,. who for the time being was installed as nurse. "And with your permission. Sir Peter, now that Captain O'Donnell has come. 3 will leave you for a while." said the governess. "I have not been out 430-day, and my head aches. I will administer your medicine, though, before I go." He took it submissively from her hanri Captain O'Donnell 'watched every movement, and followed the statelj- figure out of the room. She closed the door after her, and they were quite alone. "This is a very strange, a vers- remarkable occurrence. Sir Peter," he began. "The talk is that you saw a ghost, ghost! Now, I thought ghosts were exploded ideas? Will you pardon me if T"think so still?" "I wish to Heaven I could!" Sir Peter groaned. "Unfortunately for me, it ad mits of no doubt. As plainly as I see you sitting here beside me, I saw Katherine Dangerfield last night." "Sir Peter, I have a great curiosity concerning this Katherine Dangerfield. Have you any picture of her? I would give a good deal to see one." "Yes, I have," the sick man said. "Do you see that escritoire over there? Open that—the ' key is in it Open the third drawer to the left-and you will find photograph of Katherine Dangerfield. taken a month before she died." Redmond O'Donnell obeyed- He unlocked the escritoire, opened the drawer, and produced a picture wrapped in silver paper. It was a photograph, soft and clear as an engraving, and beautifully, tinted. The chasseur took ittto the window, and gazed upon it long and earnestly. •!•• Then he returned, to his place by the bedside, picture in hand. - "Sir Peter, there can be no doubt—5t is absurd of me to suppose such a thing —there can be no doubt Katherine Dangerfield did die ?" "No doubt?" cried Sir Peter, shocked beyond all exppression. "Of course, there was no doubt. Good heavens above, O'Donnell: I-^never heard of such thing!" O'Donnell sat silent, watching him— pBty, contempt, disgust, all in his grave, silent face." "I won't stay to dine to-day, I think," the chasseur presently remarked, rising. "Sir Peter, with your permission, I will keep this picture for the present I don't see my way very clearly through this maze." He rang: The housekeeper and one of the maids came, and the chasseur took his departure. The family were in their rooms dressing. He made his way out unnoticed. (To be Continued.) s MAy AGN-ES FLEMING. 