The Befcaptising of a Mountain. A Curious Story. " Diaeleeets ! That is rather a grim name for a mountain. What is the origin of it ?" was another of our questions. For answer we had a curious story enough. In 1714 the whole valley was affrighted by strange unearthly noises proceeding, as it seemed, from the very bowels of the moun tain. The priests told the people that a war had broken out in the infernal regions, and that a pitched battle was going on be tween legions of demons imprisoned under the rocks. Then it was that the mountain was rebaptised with, its present uncanny name. Later in the year the solution of the mystery came in the shape of an enor mous landslip, of which the internal rumb lings had been the warning, which rent the whole mountain, as it were, in twain, one-half rolling away from the other, and blotting out all the old features of the country. Numbers of people and multi tudes of cattle perished. The extraordi nary part of the business, however, con sisted in the reappearance of a farmer after having been buried for three months. A funeral service had been held near the spot where bis chalet bad disappeared, and bis relatives were in mourning for him as one dead. When haggard and spectre-like, he presented himself in the neighbouring village the inhabitants fled in terror, and a priest was summoned to exorcise the spirit. It was with the greatest difficulty that he succeeded in persuading the people he was not a ghost. He had had a miracu lous escape. A mass of rock had fallen athwart his chalet, where at the time he was alone, in such a way as to prevent the superincumbent mass from crushing it. Air had reached him through various crevices, aud he had been able to support himself on provisions left in the house, un til by constant labour he had succeeded in tunnelling bis way back to the living world. —Ataxanta. Messrs. David Jones and Company have issued a neatly-printed " Retrospect" of of the period from 1837 to 1897. This year completes the diamond jubilee of the firm. Illustrations of the changes in cos tume during the record reign are given. The Right Rev. Dr. Murray, the Bishop of Maitland, is at present in Queensland, where he will remain probably until the warmer weather sets in. The venerable Bishop is in anything but good health. All the hospital nurses in Sydney have been invited to Government House on Tuesday (to-day) to spend the afternoon in connection with the jubilee. The Acting-Premier declares that the majority of tote shops in Sydney have been closed. Mr. Lyne was caught " napping" in the House on Thursday night. He inquired whether the Government did not intend to bring forward a congratulatory address to the Queen. He was quickly reminded that not only had such an address been adopted, but that he himself had seconded the mo tion for it. Thomas Kelly, a railway guard, became ill on Friday at Wellington and began to bleed internally. He fell dead while walk ing into the van. The Wellington Trades Council (N.Z,) are urging the Government to amend the Shop Assistants Act, with the object of making the closing of shops at 6 p.m. five nights in the week compulsory. Mrs. Rippon, of Jesinond, was fonnd dead in bed on Friday. Two aboriginals named Robert and Jimmy were sentenced to death at Roe burn (W.A.) on Friday for the murder of another aboriginal at Mackay Station in December last. The lady protectionists of Sedfern en tertained the gentlemen at a social in the Oddfellows' Temple last Friday night. Excellent rains have fallen in all parts of South Australia, and the drought in that colony has completely broken up. 