A Case for Psychical Re searchers. Some details of a Dublin ghost story, are supplied by a 'Daily News' correspondent — 'A lady, well-known in Dublin society, the wife of one of the leading members of the choir in St. Patrick's Cathedral, who is a constant attendant at the services, per ceived in one of the stalls the dim outlines) of a man's form gradually becoming more distinct in a sittinu posture. The face and form were at once recognised by her as those of one of the clergy of the Cathedral who was greatly beloved aud respected, and whose death plunged the Protestant com nmnity of Dublin into mourning four years ago. The lady's experience, of the reality of which she is oonvinced, might perhaps be attributed to an optical illusion or to an unaccountable freak of the1 imagination, were it not that the appearance of the dead .dignitary has presented itself on several oocasions to members of the staff of the Cathedral. These appearances have been chiefly seen in the Lady Chapel of the Cathedral, where special services in which lie took the keenest delight were held by this clergyman for the poor, of the surround ing neighbourhood. He was an enthusiastic lover of St. Patrick's, and his residence for some years adjoined the Cathedral' He was accustomed to play the organ in the Cathedral late at night by himself, and to ascend the tower for the purposes of taking astronomical observations. The interest created in these apparitions is intensified by the circumstance that the gentleman whoso spirit is supposed to be soon was himself a convinced believer in supernatural appearances. He resided for the last years of his life in a suburb of Dublin, and changed his residence, an ancient building near the Cathedral, owing to the belief that noisos heard by every mem ber of the household, himself included, the cause of which he sought in vain to discover, wore distinctly supernatural. These noise , which were heard as a rule on quiet nights, resembled the sounds of a person walking in slippers and shuttling his feet along the floor. They proceeded from a room in an upper part of tlie house. The noises instantly ceased when anyone entered the room and commenced im mediately on their departure. The room forms part of a public library. The late dignitary's first knowledge of the mystery surrounding his house came when on re turning home late at night he found his housohold had not retired, but were all up, in ' the greatest excitemont, in the belief that someone had been locked into the library.' 