MELBOURNE LETTER. The fact that we are within a few days of the opening of the last session of the present Parliament, attracts little attention. Every body expects the session to be uneventful, and the thoughts of those persons who take much interest in politics, are directed to next general elections rather than to the contem plation of what will be done in the dying hours of the approaching Parliamentary" sit tings. It seems to be a foregone conclusion that the Turner Government will return to power with a strong following. The seats of the Ministry are all safe, apparently, but there will be opposition to three or four of the members, notably Mr Taverner, and Mr Foster. Names of new candidates for Legis lative honors are mentioned daily, and among them are two Melbourne pressmen. When Parliament, meets a motion will be tabled for the appointment of a Royal Com mission to inquire into our prison system, with a view to reform in the treatment of criminals. All who are moving with the times freely admit that prison reform is much needed, but it is a big subject to tackle. In this connection, the opposition of the In spector General of Penal Establishments to the presence of Salvation Army missionaries within the walls of Pentridge prison, appears somewhat strange. Captain Evans, while admitting that the Army have proved a powerful agency in dealing with the criminal classes, fears that- the presence of their officers in Pentridge, would interfere with the work of the representatives of the churches who are now ministering to the spiritual needs of the prisoners. Nonsense ! Open the doors to the Army, and if the spiritual guides who have drawn comfortable little salaries for so long without showing much practical results do not choose to rati shoulders with the banner bearers let them walk out of the prison. The work of the Army is essentially practical. They take) fallen men and women by the hand and find uonest moor tor uicrn, wnne not torgetting their spiritual needs. A man who is nearing the close o£ a long sentence needs something more than to be told that he must make an effort to walk in the straight path for the re mainder of his days, fie wants some one to stand firm by him while he is making the effort. This is what the Salvation Army seek to do, if the authorities will give them full facilities. They ask permission for their officers io l.e allowed to converse freely with the men and women whose sentences are coming to an end, and to lead them from prison walls to places where they will meet with human sympathy and support. There are people who, while professing to take a deep interest in the criminal classes, instantly exclaim, •• Yoli me tangerc ” when one of their nnmhers draws near. It is the com plete absence of this feeling which distin guishes the operations of the Army officers. Inning the first year of the existence of the Victorian Society for the Trevention of Cruelty to and Neglect of Children thirteen hundred eases were dealt with. What a painful rellection 1 In the face of a fact like this one is almost forced to answer the question “ Is the world growing better ?” in the negative. Talking about betting, I am reminded of an interesting ease in connection with Chinese lotteries which was heard here the other day. A Chinaman who had invested sixpence in one of these lottery “ banks,” sued a fellow countryman for its recovery, and he alleged that lie had been swindled out of money legitimately won at the game. Of course the evidence was contradictory and the Bench dismissed the complaint, ilow is it that the police permit these Chinese swindlers to flourish in Melbourne! There are at the pre sent six ‘•banks’’ “drawn” in the heart of tlm city every day, and any Saturday night several hundreds of men and women may be seen investing portions of their earnings in the lottery shops in Little Bourke-street. Years ago the game was played fairly, accord ing to Lhincse ideas of fairness, odds of 20 to I being laid when they should have been about ten times as many, but now the poor player hasn't a ghost of a show of winning, Jim wily Chinee having found out a way of increasing the odds from millions to billions against the investor securing the maximum number of marks on his ticket, and propor tionately so down to the minimum number. The detective police know ail about the matter hut they are silent. This winking at the i 'liinese lotteries on the part of the autho rities is one of the black -st spots of Melbourne lue. Mr Justice a'Beckett has untied a good niniiv marriage knots in the Divorce Court during the last few days, and there arc more to come before him. One of the co-respon dents was stated to be a member of a certain metropolitan church, whose pastor holds ad vanced views. What a naughty old gentle ™al) — not the pastor, the co-respondent. , l"’1- 'lie confiding husband was absent from iion.r he used to sing hymns to his wife. Of course there was other evidence against the singer. I must tell you that in one of the eases io he tried shortly the co-respondent is the resident consul in Melbourne for a power ful nation. A proposal has been made to abolish the Western ’.Vimmera Irrigation and Water • U| ply Trust with the object of having the administration of the district water scheme (together with the liability attached to it) taken over by thcmnnicipal council, provided satisfactory arrangements for the transference could he arrived at. It was further resolved That in the event, of the shire councils re presented—to which it has been referred— endorsing the determination of theconfereuce, the Governor in Council should be petitioned to givC. effect to -t ; that the co-operation of •he threatened d ust itself shouM he sought ; '""1 that in the event of the proposed trans terenee being effected an officer should be appointed, either hv the shire councils or the "overnment, to cou’toI the several sources ®E supply and regulate the distribution of Water.” 