ROUND-ABOUT NOTES. By " The Casual. "1 The term " gumsuukers " has been iise.1 tor many years past to denote Victorians, but from appearances all cyclists should soon go by the name of " gninchewers." Anyone who lias seen a bicycle race will have noticed that the contestants work their jaws quite as fast as they work their legs, and the spectacle of a man with bulg ing eyes, strained sinews and rapidiy moving jaws is not a very pleasing one to those who have not got the cycle inama very bad. I notice the practice has extended to Kempsey, and many of our young riders deein it the correct thing. This chewing gum, accordiug to tiie advertisements, must possess peculiar properties. It is said to be " just the correct tiling for indigestion and severe headaches," and ns use " ireeps the mouth moist, tones up the system, makes bone ami muscle, and perfumes the breath," but the advertisement is very careful to point out "that it won't wash clothes." Like smoking and drinking, I believe the habit once acquired can not easily be broken off, and from what I saw on Sunday night chewing- gum bids fair to oust the time- honoured and orthodox peppermint as the correct thing to eat in church. This is not as it should be. The peppermint has, , by long, usage, acquired quite a sacred odor, and to say., the least young and ardent cyclists should try and confine their gum-chewing to when they are awheel. To see them working their jaws in church makes it appear as if they were masticating the sermon. Of course, I know as well as most people that some pulpit disquisitions are very hard to digesG, hut that is. another Btory, as Kipling would observe. . If for the deeds done, in the body the ghost of Butler is compelled to hover about the earth, it is possibly deriving a good deal of comfort from the revelations which have been made as to the costs of the extradition from America. One may imagine the mur derer's spirit seated 011 some damp cloud or barren peak, chuckling and rubbing its ghostly hands with glee at the thought that its death was no' ac complished without greatdiffieaUy and enormous expense. For show pur poses Butler might have been cheap at £6000, but for trial and execution he was a very dear bargain. The solici tors employed by the British Consul at San Francisco, who have demanded this unconscionable sum, place a high . price upon an escaped criminal. Their demand is bad enough, but why on earth should the Attorney-General at San Francisco receive a present of a punch bowl, tea and coffee service, and other fixings worth £100 it is hard to see. The British Consul must be trying to pull Mr. Want's leg. It is little wonder that Mr. Want in dicates that if extradition is to be at tended with expense of this sort he will advise his Government to let foreign countries keep colonial crimi nals. 0 0 In Melbourne on a recent Sunday afternoon, as the collection was pro gressing to slow music in a fashion able church, a well-dressed man, with pious complexion and holy whiskers, signalled to the official with the trencher. " I wish to donate 5s," lie whispered, " but find I have nothing less than £1 on me ; would you mind giving change ?" " Certainly not ; the Ciiutch rarely gives change, but, rather than lose 5s — why, of course." The man took 15«, dropped' a pound note in the plate, and the organ gave thanks. Five minutes later it was found, when the takings were counted behind the scenes, that the pound note was a bad one, and quite unfit for publication. But the pious stranger — where, oh where was he ? . < He had spent years in the back country, and on coming back to civil isation found that if his pockets were full bis olothea were a bit obsolete. He interviewed a cash establishment for the ready-made remedy," arid was duly provided With each article re quired. " Some socks ?" he asked. "Yes, sir, how many pairs do you require?" "How many, pairs?" echoed the astonished purchaser, " Why, one pair, o' course. Do you think I'tn a bloomin' centipede ?" It was a case of " one douo another come on," and no bother about darning needles or a laundry. o o 0 0 A feu bluejackets from H.M.S. Rapid the other day " raised Cain " up at Cairns. The Chinese of the- place subsequently laid a bill for £126 before the captain of tbe vessel, and presented him with the . following document " Chinatown, 7th July. Missa Captain, — What for you send him sala man along my fellow coun- man shop, smash em window, steal em hat, blake em door. What for your sala man blake em window, win dow no lun away. My countryman want blake em sala man. Sala man lun away. Window more better sala man. I get your countlyman make em bill longa you. Suppose you 110 pay him, me tellee your Missie Queen. She no pay, me tellee em my Em- peior. ' You look out, suppose she 110 pay him bill God Save etn Queen no more. No more Chinaman callem Queen good fellow.. Good-bye, Misser Captain, hope you no oatchem sea sick." 0 0 o o Superstition dies hard ; and when a pretty girl gets hold of a. horseshoe nothing on earth can prevent her dis posing of it in tbe wa prescribed by generations of witchcraft. Over the left shoulder and don't look is the plan. A young lady once tried her luck in tbe heart of the metropolis. It was nothing to her that people were passing, and that glass fronts and cement pavements stretched vertically arid horizontally in all directions. There was the horseshoe. To disre gard it was to rush into danger with j both hands out, while to carry out j the full programme was to court dis aster just as certainly. So our" fool- ; ish maid picked up the shoe and made j her cast. There was a. heavy clang j on tbe pavement, a yell from several : prominent citizens ; and for a moment S or two it seemed doubtful whether the , services of the Ambulance Brigade ! would not be required. 80 many ought to have been hurt that a miracle seemed assured because nobody was more than frightened. Meanwhile the girl who had tried her luck passed on as though nothing had happeued. » » m Speaking in Sydney recently, Mr. Ben. Tillett, the English labor leader, said, " One of the grandest things that had happened within tbe last few years was the sign of independence given by those Irish men and women in Limerick, who threw' the Austra lian mutton into the river." At the first blush, that sotinds like a wild, anarchist utterance ; but if we analyse the motive that prompted the action, we will perceive that there is a lot of truth in what Mr. Tillett says. There is really too much bastard charity in tiiis world — and it is high time the poor er classes woke up to the fact that a kindly Providence has provided on this earth full and plenty for all. Charity is a cjirse when it robs an individual of his manhood arid prevents him from demanding his just rights. Every unit in the community has an unalienable claim to be provided with, sufficient work to enable him to sub sist. Most of the organised charities in this world are simply initiated as a sort of salve to the great festering sore of poverty. It affords but temporary relief; to effect a cure the cause of the trouble must be removed, and that would necessitate the re-organisation of society. To save themselves, the various societies for temporary relief are started by the well-to-do folk — it is an easy matter to be virtuous and charitable, at the cost of a few shil lings. It isn't charity most poor people want ; it isn't soup, or blan kets, or kindly patronage ; they simply went their rights. 