i DAY'S JOUMIY. A hitter February day. Not a plea sant day to travel in by any means; but then I.ettioe Mainwaring was one of the sort tliat makes the best of everything. " It's a. long distance over the hills, miss, said the wife of the landlord of the little one-story tavern that was perched on the crest of the highway, j "and the snow's powerful deep." I " I think a winter landscape is the ! nrettiest thing in the world." said Let- tire, cheerily, as she wound her fur boa ! around and around her neek. I "And old Stokes's since is awful un comfortable," added the landlady. "I like stage riding," asserted Letty. I "You'll not get there till dark." j "Oh, that is sooner than 1 expected." And Lett.v climbed up into the stage I eoaeli, which stood creaking and groan- ! ing at the door, having just rumbled up from the next village, a mile or so down j the hill. One solitary passenger occupied the opposite corner— a tall, dark man, with a Spanish sort of complexion, and clear dark eyes, who wore an odd sort of olive green eloak or mantle, heavily trimmed Willi sable fill's. He nodded briefly in return to Letty 's smiling re- cogniiiou. Our little heroine would have talked with a polar bear, had a polar bear chanced to be her travelling companion. Lettice arranged her furs and her bas ket, and her iKinnet strings, and won dered secretly liovv far the tail mnn was going. .'Can I Ire of any assistance to you?" courteously queried the gentleman, as Letty searched in the straw at her foot for a dropped glove. X. Ltaiitvo — m;, DUIU ut.u t , V_C/au I again with red cheeks and curls a little dishevelled. "Are you going all the way through?" "As far as the stage goes— yes." "Oh," said Miss Mainwaring, "so am I." The gentleman nodded interrogative- ly and went back to his paper. "Cross thing!" thought Letty, invol untarily jxiuting her cherry lips. "Why can't he talk and make himself agree able? and he knows very well that we are to be shut here together fo-r eight long hours." But the wild, mountainous Landscape, as It flitted by, while gleaming with snow, and darkly fringed with the wav ing of hemlock boughs and solemn cres ted pines was, after all, nearly as good a study as the human face divine," and Letty soon forgot her temporary annoy ance and chagrin in the white skeleton- like walls of a deserted old paper mill long since disused and fallen to ruin. "I wonder if it 16 haunted?" said she, aloud. The stranger smiled, and laid down his paper. "Do you believe iu such things?" he asked. Lettice Mainwaring laughed and co lored. "Of course not; and yet— are you much acquainted in this region of the coun try?" "I have lived hereabout a good deal." "Oh! Oh! Then perhaps you know Enfiterhflni Hall?" His face brightened. "Oh, yes! You are gong there?" "Yes. I am to be governess to the little children," said Letty, making hoof/t f/\ AnIWrltf/rtt Vim tic M liof Iriio position in order that he should fully comprehend that she was no elegant young lady coining to the hall to make a visit, but a humble little working being, who was obliged- to toll stead fastly for the daily bread she ate. "Indeed!" he said. And Letty was vexed at henself for noticing the polite indifference Into which bis toue subsided. "I suppose It is a very fine old place," she went on. "Very— for those who fancy 'fine old places." To my taste they are apt to be overrun with rats, full of drafts and pic turesquely inconvenient." "And haunted, perhaps?" mis chievously put in Lettice, the roguish sparkles coining back to her eyes. "So far as I know, Easterhain Hall ia free from any supernatural occupants." "I am sorry for that," said Lettice. He arched his eyebrowB. "You would like to share your, room with a ghost or two?" "No; hut I do like a little tinge of romance about the place— something to set it a little above and beyond the level of the commonplace." He did not answer, and talkative Letty once more set the conversational ball rolling. "The Eostorhams are very rich, I sup- pose?" "Yes." "I never heard of them until last week," she said, musingly; "and now— how strangely things are ordered in this world!— I am going to cast in my lot among them." "How docs that happen?" said the gentleman. He could not very well say j less In ordinary politeness, and yet | Letty felt triumphantly that she had "drawn him out." "They wrote, to Mme. Moligny, my 1 old teacher, to select a governess quali fied to teach two lintle l>oys, and madame knew tliaf I wished for a situation, and so here I am. I wonder how they will like me?" "I hope you will like them," said the gentleman. "That Lsn't the question," Letty <x>r- reeted. imperatively. "Mr Eas-terham is a dreadful hear." "You are acquainted with him?" "Oh, no; ouly what I have heard!" answered Letty. "And what may that be?" "You are n neigbltor." said Letty doubtfully. "Perhaps 1 have said too much already." lie laughed with more animation than she had yet seen in his manner. "Depend upon it, 1 shall not betray you to Mr Ea-sterliam. So lie is a bear? Well. I have thought so sometimes my self." "But he won't bite me it" lama good girl and do my duty to the little ones. and tihey tell me they are .very nice boys," persisted Lettice. "Tlie.v are very like their father. I believe." "Oh," said Lettice, laughing. "I can Bliiie young bears: it is only the full- grown sKiciinen with sharp teeth and long claws I am afraid of. Only think," and a demure, apprehensive expression came over Lhiv's round, blooming countenance, "lie goes all around the house all day long, and never says a word to any one." "He must lie savage, indeed." ob served the gentleman. "And Miss Electa Easterhain. the old maid aunt wlio rimc-ps house for him, has quarrelled successively with every governess they have had," went on Letty, patting her little foot on the rustling straw on the stage door, but o Lirt-ii uiri ljiiu.1 iir vwui llht. n'j" l let her. I am too good uatured and too accustomed to humoring people, especi ally old ones. Mme. Moligny wrote me that she disliked young and pretty governesses particularly. Now, I'm not young— not very young, you see." "No?" "I was twenty last week," said Letty, solemnly, "and I am not pretty enough to disturb her mind. I am only toler ably decent-looking. Now, If madame had selected Olive Davton, who used to be in the same class with me— she was a regular beauty, with greal shady eyes and a complexion all jjearls and roses- there would have been danger then." The stranger began to look inter ested. "Tell me more about your school." said he. "I have a sister whom I think of placing in some desirable institution, and I should like to judge whether your Mme. Moligny's would be a good home for her." Letty's eyes brightened, her cheeks reddened, and her little tongue wae un loosed at once. Her travelling com panion was so social and chatty, and i the time fleeted swiftly away. "You are going?" she cried, as at a lonely inn, overshadowed with silver stemmed birches and funereal spruce woods, a light sleigh drawn by two milk white horses wae waiting. "I have reached the end of my jour ney," he sajd, courteously touching his fur cap. "I had intended to keep on to the end of the route, but I see they have sent to meet me here. I wish you every success and happiness in your bear taming." And as the sleigh bells jingled away, T frxlf liOT'Colf fllichiflfy flOPFllv "I'm afraid I have been talking too much," thought Letty, 'but what is a body to do, shut up all day in a stage coach with a conversable gentleman?" And the nest of Miss Malnwaring's journey was just a little tedious. It was dusk when they arrived at Easterham Hall— a snowy, chill dusk which made the glow of lights through scarlet moreen curtains and the coral shine of a great wood fire in a stone paved hall, as seen through the half opened door, most delightful and wel come. Aunt Electa, a tall, prim old lady, in snowy cap, ribbons, and a brown satin dress, stood ready to welcome her. and just behind 'her Letty saw a tall gentle man with two little boys clinging about him. "This is my nephew, Philip," the old lady said, and Letty felt as if the blood in her veins was turning to fire as she recognised— her travelling companion of the day. "Do I look very much like a bear, Miss Mainwaring?" he asked, laughing, as she stood trembling and tongue tied before him. "No, don't color. I promise you to allow myself to become very tamable. And you must not cry. either," as the tears came into Letty's eyes. "There's nothing for you to cry for." "Why didn't you tell me who you were?" she asked, piteously. "Because you never asked me." Letty resolved within here elf that she would leave Easterham the very next day. But she didn't keep her resolu tion. At the year's end she had neither quarrelled with Aunt Electa nor Mr Easterham, and the little boys thought "Miss Letty" was perfection. So did their father. "Letty," said he, "the year for which I engaged you is over." "Yes." she responded, softly. "Will you .stay another year? Will you stay with me always, Letty?" And so, within the yellow shine of a wedding ring, Letty found herself a prisoner forever at Easterham Hall,— "Chicago Press." 