literature. SHADOWED LIVES. By Miss M. E. BRADDON. Author of 'Lady Auciley's Secret,' 'The Fatal Three,' 'Tbe Day Will Come,' 'Lost for Love,' 'Tbe Doctor's Wife,' 'Whose was the Haud ?' 'One Life, one Love,' 'Thou Art the Man,' 'Sons of Ere.'' Published by special arrangement with the Author. All ritfhts reserved.] Chapter IV.— Someone Who Loved Him. For people who like their scenery flat the neighborhood of Mervynhall might rank as beautiful. Even for the stranger and the scoffer at Suffolk landscapes the river, flowing deep and narrow and straight as a canal through Dutch- looking meadows, past old waterraiils and millers' gabled houses, the piae woods on either side the long level reads, have a certain cliarm. It is a formal, low-toned hf.intv no doubt., the homely charm of broad cornfields and flat pastures) but then the cottages aro old and pieturksque, the cottage gardens .iro neatly kept, anditlie streets of the little town are broad and clean. The market place is quaint and odd and tho parisli church rises above those modest streets and prim square houses, in all the grandeur of Norman Gothic, almost a cathedral. Arnold Wentworth, alias Wildover, loved tho little town for old sake's sake, albeit he would have eaten his heart out had he been forced to spend his life there in that respectable isolation from evervthinjj else in the world which the inhabitants considered a pleasant retirement. Tho sight of meadows aud river, bridge and church, touched him with a sense of pain on this Christmas afternoon as lie walked to the inn from the modest terminus of a little branch lino from Cambridge. There were no Sunday trains upon this respectable line, but the ne cessities o: the lower classes had urged and sicurod a train in aud a train out on Christmas Day. Tho train by which Arnold travelled was due at i, and tho dusk of evening was thickening to darkness ashe approached the town. It was half a dozen years since hebad crossed the bridge and heard that solemn sound of St. Michael's chimes, as he hoard it now, teliiug the quarter after 4 from a tower that rose dim in the dusk. There were lighted windows Binning in a house whose garden dipped towards the river on his left as be crossed the bridge— a house to which he looked instinc tively, for it was Mary's house now, and lie wondered if she was keeping Christmas there and with whom, lie would have liked to find out for himself, but he had another mission at Mervynhall. There were two highly-respectable hotels in tho town, both of which seemed semewbat over- capacious for the requirements of a place that had once bristled with mail coaches and postehaises, but which now depended on a branch line with three trains a day, and had in somewise lost touch with the outside world save in the shooting season, when the lords of the soil summoned their kindred and friends for big shoots and when Mervynhall awoke and bestirred itself. Arnold went to neither Antelope nor Crown Hotel, preferring the more secluded accommo dation of an old'iun outside, tlio towu, a strag gling old house with an archway entrance aud no expectation of a staying guest on Christmas .' Day. Ho came here to avoid recognition, which would have been likely at either hotel iu spite of bronzed complexion, bearded chin, and the passage of time. Could bo have bedroom and private sitting room ? Yes. He was shown into a large panelled room next the archway aud a maid servant, in her Sunday gowu, knelt down to light the fire. What would he like for dinner and at what time would he please to dine? ' Ob, anything you can give me, but not till 8 o'clock. I want a letter taken to Laugton Park. Have you any messenger who can be trusted to do exactly what I tell him— a sharp sensible person?' The girl Btared at him wonderingly. 'We've got the ostler,' she said. 'The ostler? Christmas Day? I daresay he's been drunk for the last two hours.' 'Oh, no, sir. The ostler's my father and he's a .very sober man. lie don't often take a .; :-: 4k-P 'too jnuch.' '&.':-':--- *|Nftt,iaJten— but Christmas? This would »--.-: befliii^'0ry-!day, perhaps,' hesitated Arnold, ;' i with aletter in his hand. ! i 'No, sir; I can answer for father. He's been busy all the morning with the fly driving people out visiting. He haven't begun to enjoy hisself yet.' 'Ask him to come here, then, please.' The girl went to fetch her father from the untidy purlieus of the stables, which savored of pigs and was more agricultural than it had been in the days when the Bear was a ooaching house. The man came slouching in, dressed in a kiud of compromise between stable fustian and Sunday broadcloth, and to him Arnold en trusted a letter which he had written in the waiting-room at ' Cambridge, . having found himself with an hour to waste at that un beautiful station. ' You know Langton House ?' ' Yes, sir.' ' '1)6 you know the servants ?'.' ?'The butler, he know .me, sir,' as if there were a vast difference.' ': ' WelL then, you can ask him to let you see Mis. Wentworth's maid, Mrs. Green— 1 remember. You are to give this -letter to her answer in any-deoent household meant a mug, of: lieer; -Jt , ^pBgTifci £ veil ^twa: ;-:fco Tpread and .cheese oiv^td;a. glass, of spirits at this fostive season.'. Langton Houw bore a: good repute tion lor kitchen and :.o'ellahr '-'' . ''.'.?'?' ? 'If I can't see Mrs. Green, sir?' ' . ?? Bring that letter back.' 'Yes, sir.' . : , Lanfftoii House was within Imlf a mile of the Bear. A handsome house with an Italian portico and the rest of the front as flat as the soil it stood upon; ,a house standing. a good way from' the road in 'fifty -acres of meadow land, which had bees promoted to a park by a little extra planting and the 'removal of two or three hedges. ??.-.... The river raix through the .grounds at the back' of the house and' made a picturesque boundary line between -the-formal gardens and the park-like pasture. .. ?' - . \- Tbe Wentworths stood well among the smaller gentry of the neighborhood ; very small fry compared with the Earl of Milbjtnk and the Marquia of Cliftonville, who wero large landed proprietors, but entitled to respect by long possession of the soil and a good name that had never been challenged. The present squire was not an agreeable man. He was haughty and arrogant, a quarrelsome neighbor, a very Draco among magistrates, but he was looked up to for certain qualities that made his neighbors afraid of him ; aud he was said to give the best dinners that were given outside the. gates of Lord Milbank or Lord Ciiftonville. He could not boast a chef pro moted from a West End club to noble service ; but he had the best cook that £00 a year could buy, and he was the most exacting master in Mervynhall. Arnold knew from his youth's experience what this day would be like at Langton House. There would be no Christmas festivities, no Christmas decorations. The day would bo a duller Sunday — duller because an additional Sunday inflicted on the dulness of the week. There would bs no relaxation ill the duties of cook aud kitchemnaid and no high jinks in the servants' hall ; and Mr. Wentworth would be a- little more difficult about his dinner than usual because of that extra dulness, the gap in postal deliveries^ the hopeless vacuity of Lou don papers, which told only of Christmas entertainments and Christmas excursion trains. Oh, how well Arnold retuembared the dreari ness of a home Christmas, which had made him long for Cambridge and its free and easy life, even if not a man in the whole university re mained ' up.' How ho had pitied his mother, ^vhohad to sit and meekly listen to his father's complainings about agents, servants, finances, everything; and he had pitied his sister for missing tho pleasures that Christinas brings to happier schoolrooms. Beatrice Wentworth would have found Christmas duller without ' the kid.' Arnold looked back and recalled the brightiniage of afourteen-year-oldTomboy. The stream ing hair, the gay young face, the lis som figure, slim aukles, long black legs, racing in thefrosty garden, tearingacross the wintry park; the riotous games of hide-and-seek, in which he hart been made to assist ; tbe afternoons by the schoolroom fire when he had bean coaxud to tell ghost stories ; all tho most frightening stories that he had read in all the Christmas annuals of the year. He mixed plots rind characters a little sometimes, and was laughed at for incompetence as a story- teller. 'If you ? had read the story yourself you oughtn't to make me tull it,' ho retorted some times. 'Oh, but we like to hear how you toll it. You're such fun when you mix the white i woman in tbe Ladies' Pictorial with tho grey duchess in the Queen,' protested Mary, or something to the effect. Poor Mary, she had drawn down Mr. Went worth's wratli upon her girlish head more thati once by somo noisy outbreak in tho corri dor3 or on the stfurca.se, and had narrowly escaped perpetual banishment from Langton House. And now Arnold thought of his sister as grown up, still unmarried, though two or three years older than Mary Freeland. Who would ? come wooing to Langtou Park, where the , selfish cxclusi veness of the master frightensd j away everybody except his own particular allies and contemporaries, who wore allowed to shoot his pheasants and eat his dinners and praise his wine. Pool' Beatrice ! He thought of her with in finite pity. Yet sho doubtless had been taught to pity him and to think his lot far worse than hers, feeding upon busks among j the swine. I He thought of his mothor with still deeper ' pity. Poor soul, she was so miserable, yet scarcely knew her misery. She was one ot those weakly amiable wives who hug their chains; who, from a long submission to marital tyranny, and from the knowledge of j their own inability to grapple with domestic' difficulties, grow to believe in a husband as a heaven-born administrator, to accept his opinions and judgments as infallible, to revere the law that crushes them. ' Will she come to me— dare all— and come to see the reprobate '!' he wondered. He had chosen his hour with judgment. His father was as methodical as a machine and arranged his days with automatic pre cision. The interval between tea and dinner ! was tho timo in which he wrote his letters, j The post-bag was taken to him at 7 o'clock to I be filled .and looked by his own baud. At I half-past 7 ho went upstairs to dress. His I movements might vary once in a way by two or three minutes, but even that irregu larity wns rare. Clocks were scarcely needed at Laugton House. Mr. Wentworth's habits, regulated by Mr. Weutworth's watch, would have sufficed to mark the passage of time. From half-past 5 to half-past 7 Mrs. Went worth was her own mistress, unless she wanted cheques for tradesmen ; iu which case she was called up before the household judge and subjected to an exhaustive interrogation as to the particulars of eaeli account, every item of which Mr. Wentworth ticked with his own hand, guiding his own massive gold pencil-case. Theronever was anything in tboso accounts for which a house-mother ueed blush, yet Mrs. Wentworth always felt like a male factor during that cheque-writing ordeal. To-night there would be no. cheque-writing and those hours of darkness before dinner would be her ovm. Arnold had urged her to come to him at the Bear, if possible. The ostler would walk with her and she would find her son on the road waiting for her. He went out soon after his mewengor and walked along the broad, level road, of which he knew every .feature. The old farmhouse and great thatched barns on bis right; the cottages— the tiny village post-omoe on his left — the vicarage — ,the mill. The cross roads with a modest house o'tf' two hidden in shrubberies of laurel and arbutus— the bridge. Beyond the bridge the pine woods spread wide over one-half the landscape and gave it all that it had of the picturesque. Justifying to the happy inspiration which had prompted a certain Sir Felix Sulbury to plant tho Bandy fiats in the beginning of the century. ? Half-way between the inn and his father's gates Arnold saw two figures approaching through the darkness aud quickened his pace almost to a run, very sure that the female figure was his mother. Yes, it was she. Ho claBped her in his arms, breathless, agitated, cliuging to him and kissing him tenderly. ' Oh, my dear Arnold, what happiness 1 ' My dear, dear boy ! So long n way— bo lost to us— except for a poor little letter now and then. Oh, my dear, dear eon I' j ? . -? - ;' '::''^':-':;-.;:'-';. ?^?.?.-'?.???i ?'/?'??''.? ?/'??'C ? :' 'VNrvinoV/Se&riido;^ Tm sure '^ra^^d^neVe|r'dauSaiin^'^«ifl.ly'; wwked— although ^oU;wer-B iso .unhappy asnbt to be «ble to .get -on with your father.'. '1 should haV« been a good deal uphoppier if I had got oii with him. Oh*, my dear mother, forgive me. I know you don't -like to .near a ?word said against your ty — your husband.' 'No, Arnold, {or he is a good husband, a good father, a good master. . But you see, aear, it waB not your fault. . People say no wa days that heredity accounts for everything, and you always took after my people. 'You have the Torringtou .temper— flaming up at nothing and over iu a minute. And it wasn't to be expected that you could get on well .with a mivn of your father's calm and thoughtful character.' 'It doesu't matter, mother dear, as long as you can get on with 'him — quite comfortably.' 'Oh, my dear Arnold, my life would be a very happy life if it were. not for losing you ; for you see with Philip so well married and living in Yorkshire on his wife's property, and with you quite, quite away, I seem to havo uo son.' 'But you have Beatrice, mother. I hops she is good to you.' ' Slie.is the best of daughters. We visit a great deal ? ' ' Why, that's a change from old habits.' 'Among the poor people, dear. Your father doesn't, like company at liome and he doesn't like Beatrice to go out much — gadding, he calls it — for you know how he has ilways looked down upon our neighbors here. But we go to Lady CliHonville's garden party aud to Lady Mil bank's two Mondays in August, and those aro delightful afternoons.' ' Three afternoons in a year ? Poor mother. Poor Beatrice.' ' It is rather dull — for Beatrice. And some of tbe people your father thinks not good enough would be so nine Mr poor Bee if lie would only let us know them.' 'Poor Bee, indeed ! She must be as dull and drowsy as a humble bee by this time.' 'She had a surprise at church this morning that almost upset her. I was afraid she would have cried out iu the middle of the Psalms when she saw her.' ' When she saw her?' 'Mary Freeland ! Mary Frceland Erown so tall and so nice-looking, dressed in black, in the KoiYey'a pew.' 'Mary Freeland ? Ah, she. didn't lose any time then. She only arrived in England yes terday morning.' ' llow did you know that ?' 'Because 1 came from Africa in the same Btoainer with her.' 'You! Mary Fresland in Africa? Arnold, wliat can you mean ?' 'Don't ba frightened, mother dear. We weren't in Africa together. We met casually on the steamer.' ' But Mary Freeland I What could she be doing in Africa?' ' That's her story. She'll tell you her, ad- ventures, no dou,bt by tho schoolroom fire at tea and toast time.' ' If your father will let us know her,' Mrs. Wentworth murmured despondently, ' but perhaps he vvoa't now she's grown up.' 'Oh, ofcutf ! He couldn't be such a beast as to boycott little Mary. '' 'Arnold,' murmured his mothor reproach fully, and then iu an awe-stricken whisper, 'they say she h%s been on the stage.' ' And so she has— earning her own living, like a plucky girl who wouldn't be badgered into marrying an old fool in a hideou3 chesnut wig for the sake of a home. I admire her pluck, aud so ought everybody else. Aud she was in the charge of an uncle and aunt all through her stage career. There's no room for scandal.' 'Still people aro shocked, dear. And everyone was tremendously surprised at old MissFarmiloe having left her so well provided for after all. But tell mo about yourself, Arnold, and your own life in Africa. That is what I want to hear. And time is so short.' ' Ah, we have plenty of time. You don't dine till 8. You are coming to the Bear with me, and we arc going to sit by the fire for an hour or so aud talk to our hearts' content. And then I am going to take you quietly home in time to dress for dinner.' They were within five minutes' walk of the inn when Mrs. Wentworth caine to a dead stop. ' ' I couldn't possibly go to the Bear, Arnold. It would be all over Mervynhall to-morrow — and it would come to your father's ears, and he would be horrified to thiuk that I could go to a public-houso— to meet my son— surrepti- tiously.' 'If he had not made his son's home in tolerable there would have been no heed of sur reptitious meetings. But ara you really afraid to come and sit by the fire at the old inn ? The Bsar seemed as quiet a*, tho grave just now — except for a sound of voices from the taproom across the yard.1' ' ' Oh, I know the kind of people who go to the taproom. Our gardeners and grooms, and the sexton and tho men from the mill — lots of people who know me, 1 daren't be seen there, Arnold.' 'Well, then we can only talk here— wnl king up and down tbe road. But you will catch cold.' ']STo, no, lam quite warm in this sealskin coat.' 'Happy thought! I saw lights at the Briery ; Mary must be keeping Christmas there. Shall we go and look her up?' 'My dear Arnold, that would be worse. She will have the Koffeys with her !' ' It mnst be the road then ; and you mustn't walk here a minute longer than you like.' 'I should like to walk with you for hours, dearest. I should not know if I were tired till afterwards.' They turned back and walked the other way, and Arnold told his mother much about his lucky years at Witwatersrand, but not a word of those years of trouble in London. He had written to her even when things were at their worst ; for be would not have her toitured by the thought that be might be dead. Four times a year — wherever he might be— he wrote briefly, under cover to Iub mother's faithful maid, Aune Green, to report himself alive and well. And now her heart throbbed with gladness as he told her of his good fortune and that his future lifo might be smooth and prosperous if he were prudent enough to stick to the money he had made and live upon the interest of his capital. ' ' I shall have four or five hundred a year,' he said, ' and it I were to marry a nice girl with throe or four hundred ot her own we could live somewhere in the country — and we might keep two or three hunters and some shooting dogb, for we shouldn't want' luxuries or finery, both being used to rough it.' ' Both ! Do you mean that you are engaaed, Arnold?' his mother interrupted ex citedly. . . His sun-burnt face reddened in the darkness. 'No, no, mother, not engaged !'witha deep sigh. 'I was talking nonsense, that's all.' 'Oh, Arnold, I should love you to marry and 'settle- near ua. If you were doing well and had married a nice girl I'm sure your father would forgive you. '' ?? Would lie, do you think ? Forgive me for outrunning )ny allowance at the ' Varsity by a few hundreds and never costing him a shilling afterwards,' Arnold said scornfully. 'It wasn't the money he felt, dear. It was the disappointment. OB, Arnold, my dear | son, you nave mad e'me so proud and so happy ' . ? :???? ' -? V '- : ? ?'. . ?? . ? to-jviglitrf ao^riroud to thuafcjou -wore able to, '$$a£.--: :??%,;?;.'?: -- .;?;. I;. 7 :/:-??..-?; -'/':^'-:i v v'^YpuIrd wrong there. 'rtiad'B.'friead— «~ college friend j 'One of the frlendsVj' won, for' myself :whil^i:*vas spending those, extrahun idrc^iV^r'?inv»- purely cbmmereinl .point, of vieW.'that one friend wasT'worth all tho money, for it was his capital ihat Btarted me in tAfrica.' ? . 'How sweet of him! Whatadear fellow be must be. Howl should love to know him.' . 'I doubt that, mother. He's as. good as gold, hut .he swears like a trooper, and— and never goes to church.' . 'How sad. And I was thinking that he wouldmake such a nice husband for Bee.' . 'Ah, mother, simple and sanguine as of old. Years have not changed you. I wish I could see your dear face. I think I must light a match and look at you.' 'Don't* dearest, you would see 'how old and careworn I have grown.' ' Careworn 1 Ah, poor mother ! And you pretend your life is happy.' .. 'There are always cares for the mistress of -a house, Arnold, in the happiest life. English cooks are so stupid — and — and — I have never denied that your father is a little exacting. But how can I remember trifling worries now you have come home and havo done so well for yourself? You will never go back to Africa, will you, dear? Promise me that !' ' No, no, mother dear, I can't. That would be to promise away my life— to make lifelong fetters with words. I hope to stop in England. If I can be happy here I will stop. And if I can live near you I will. But if I find I can't ba happy in England I shall go back to the mines and make some more money,' His mother pleaded with him and he answered her with all affection and gentleness, and told her that ho meant to make himself a home within easy reach of her if his hopes could be realised. He would not tell her what those hopes were, though she urged him to confide in her, and at the lodge gate. they parted with words of affection on both sides and Mrs. Wentworth walked slowly along the avenue to tbe big white house, shedding a few tears as she wont. ' It is so sad that he cannot get on with his father,' she sighed, ''and that we must sit down to our Christmas dinner without him.' Arnold was*in no hurry to go back to the Bear and to a solitary dinner iu the panelled parlor, which smelt of worm-eaten wood and rotten rose leaves. He walked past his inn on to Mervynhall aud loitered on the bridge for the space of a pipe of tobacco, looking at the lighted windows of the Briery. How cheerily the warm lamplight shone across the garden by the river. Shcwas there, his little Mary, in the prim drawing-room be remembered in old Miss'Farmiloe's lifetime; a room whose threshold he had crossed with awe, never knowing what he ought to say to that severe spinster. He pictured Mnry playing hostess . to somo of tbe Roffey family, elated witlitlio sense of possession and independence, a. ? young woman with a comfortable income, youth, health, good looks, high spirits, and able to dispose of her life as sho pleased. He would havo liked to walk in among them and surprise her, but lie was doubtful how he would be received by the Roffey brood. He had left Mervynhall under a cloud, as a sou who had been idle and extravagant at the university and whom his father had cast off. He would be looked upon as a profligate adventurer, no doubt, by thoso serious church going Itoffeys, more especially as Itofiey was his father's solicitor aud affected a profound veneration for the sago of Langton Park. No, it would not do to call upon Miss.'Freeland at 8 o'clock iu the evening. He went back to the Bear, dined on tough beef, and felt inex pressively dreary as he sat by a sullen fire, thinking, not of Mary Freoland. but of another woman whose face haunted him' and would not bebauished, although he tried his hardest to shut it out of hia thoughts. ' What is the uso of regretting things that are inevitable?' he muttered to himself as he bent over the smoky fire and knocked about the coals savagely. He lighted pipe after pipe, smoked till the room was cloudy with tobacco, sat long after everybody else at tho Bear had gone to bed tired, but dreading sleeplessness in the bed room above and knowing that ho should not be able to sleep. He came downstairs late next morning looking haggard and unhappy, and at 12 o'clock ho wont to the Briery and asked to see Miss Freeland. Mary came singing out of the parlor while bo was talking to tho matd. She flushed and brightened at seeing him and caine to him with outstretched hand. 'I thought you wouldn't leave Mervynhall without calling upon me,' she said. 'I was just going into the garden to look round my domain. Will you come with me ?' ' Of course I will come. When last I was in your orchard you were being scolded for having picked an apple and now the trees and the orchard are yours.' 'Poor old auntie I Wasn't it sweet of her to rolent and not leave her fortune to the other idiots? Everybody is so kind. People made quite a fuss about me after church yesterday — 'So surprised'— ' So 'glad* to see me. Mr. and Mrs. Roffey are staying with me to make things comfortable and correct for me while I am at the Briery, and thoy havo lent me a parlormaid to help our old cook, who has been in charge of everything siiice my aunt's death. It sneuis wonderful to be well off and for people to be so prim and particular about mo after running wild all tho time I was with those dear Favershams:' '?And now you are enjoying the privileges of respectability.' ' Yes ; I find it rather nice to be respectable and to be warned that I must never ride in a hansom or an omnibus alone. Do you know that I am quite a landed person? I have nearly twenty acres.' Here she began to count I upon her fingers. ' The flower garden and | orchard, three and a half; thejkitehen garden on . tbe other side of tho road, one and a quarter ; tbe three paddocks, fifteen. But how egotistical I sun preaching about acres. Tell mo how you found your dear mother — and wasn't she aw fully glad to see you?' ' Yes, she was very glad ; though she could only meet me by stealth, poor sou], and would no more dare teJl my father of my presence at Mervynhall than she would tell him she had invited a burglar or a forger to dinner. Some body says all things work round in time and wind np well, and I daresay sooner or later ray father will begin to think that a young man who has exceeded his allowance by three or four hundred pounds and failed to get a degree may ba not quite a malefactor, and then I shall be readmitted to the pleasures of home life and bear my father swear at the cook.' ' ' Arnold, you must not be flippant. It is a very serious thins to quarrel with a father. I who have no father feel how shocking it is.' 'Yea, I have observed that orphans have an exalted estimate of the paternal relation. But Mary, Mary—never contrary to me— tell roe your plans. What use are going to make' of your wealth f ? ' Every use. ; First and foremost I shall im prove myself.' . . - . ? ' Don. t. There is a kind of eimpjp dog-rose perfection which cultivation only spoils.' ' Nonsense I I am going to board jvvith tho Tresillian Smiths in South Kensington.' ' Dopresun^ neighborhood P '^Mra. Tresillian. Smith is a sister of Mrs. Roffey's. Their grandmother was a Tresillian, and Sirs. Rolfey's sister has taken the name -tind a hyphen. Her-husbahd is a medical man svlib is steadily getting to theiftp «£the *ire£ : ;v?'a=p^ffl and ehe gives £;dehght|u! eyeDinff^pty' «iwi7;- .- - ^;pfiB| -y^ek'in|he;X*onaon:«eas&fi;?- rviA^i^ -:o ?'? -??;!-* $S§HM , *^As:yo^*earfrom:|a^yaotfey^^-!;';^-..;. '''M'S^MSgBU 'Then lam going to attend diasessftt the .. -J :-i-^^l Schoolof mmk^l- ' '? ''Y.-.'-y-:-?-^---,--. y^-'^^m .'?*'-Dh, rSlary,^.that is BOntrary-^sonbr^ry to :?;?;.: - -v-'Sf^S common sense. Are there not enough ^iano- ' ' '''?' '''jew torturers in the world that you should foih tho , '*?]£, ranks ? You who always rebelled against 'five- :, ^ finger, exercises as sheer cruelty?' ' '.. 'j , ''That was because- I was working- on a ??& wrong method and holding my wrist anyhowy - - «j I shall enjoy the work when T am taught in «& the right way.' t^ 'And then I shall go the Art School and ' ] work at the antique.' . ;: * -v ' ' Mary, have you one ha'porth of talent for * ?! quoit-players and armless Venuses ?' , i, 'I don't know till I try. And I shall have ', lessons in Parisian French, and I shall learn a 4: little Italian, and then — I shall travel.' 'What! Have you not travelled enough j while you were a strolling player? You have *v* scoured England and Ireland and you have ?: been to Africa. Is not that enough '.V '4 'It is nothing. I want to see 'France— Italy * $ —Germany— Spam, perhaps. I shall live -j abroad for ever so long.' She looked at him searohingly as she made . ' this last announcement. He looked smilingly '' bapk at her, but even while the smile '', brightened his face she could see that he waa ; looking haggard and ill. ? .. ' /- 'What have you been doing since you left the steamer 1 You are looking so tired and worn out.' . - _ 'Am I ? It is not that I have done much to tire myself ; but perhaps my dismal Christmas has made me look seedy.' . ' ' You look really ill. Did you come straight to Mervynhall on Christmas Kve? I didn't see you in our train. Mr. Roffey met me at Waterloo. Wasn't it good of him?' 'Very; but you are his client. No doubb the goodness will go down iu lm bill.' 'Oh, I think not. He said he bad made business in town on purpose to meet me aud take care of me. He couldn't bear to think of ino driving across to Liverpool-sti-eet alone.. Funny, wasn't it, considering that I had come from tho Cape aloue? Were you in our train — the 4.50 from Liverpool-street?' 'No; I stayed in London till yesterday rooming.' ' And came by the one slow Christmas Day train. How foolish of you V ... - ' 'I had business in London.' ???;,?? ' Oh ! And how long are you going to stop , ..': at tbe Bear ?' 'Only till this afternoon.' ,. C ' You ara in a great hurry to go away again;' 'I might make things unpleasant for my mother if I were seen about here. And, Mary, ; I may call upon you at South Kensiugtou, may : I not? And perhaps as a very old friend I :' might be permitted to take you for an hour's stroll in the Broad Walk— or to look at the ??£ riders in tho Row.' 'I don't thiuk that would be allowed. Mrs. ? -v\ ' Roffey says that Mr3. Tresiliian-Smith is very ? r '??'? particular. I ara to drive in the park with her three or four times a week in Dr. Smith's i :- victoria. You see destiny means mo to drive in a doctor's carriage.' *?_ 'Woll, at least you will let me call.' 'It will all depend on Mrs. Tresillian Smith. I mean to be intensely respectable,' said Mary, with tremendous emphasis. ' 'After living the dear, happy-go-lucky life with Uncle and Aunt Fayersham, and being alloived to do and aay just what I liked, prunes and prisms will be an amusing change. I shall have Mrs. Smith's own maid — who i3 upper housemaid as well — to walk across to the museum with me— though it's only five minutes' walk. Mrs. Roffey says nothing would induce her sister to let me go out alone.' 'Then I shall waylay you and bribe tho . ' housmaid to say she has saen you safe into the museum, while you have marched off to Ken sington Gardens with me.' Mary shook her glove at him. The morning air was so mild that she had been carrying her glove instead of wearing it on the hardy little weather-beaten hand. She was in the 'gayest spirits, and Arnold inhaled joy from the atmosphere that surrounded her. For him her ' aura' was of a brilliant rose color and meant) happiness. , : They walked^ round the garden two or three times talking gaily, talking as conscious lovers talk when love is freshest and sweetest because still undeclared. Their talk was ? , lighter thau vanity, futile, evanescent ; but ib - was happiness enough for each to bo with the other. 'Look,' cried Mary, 'there's the postman ; let's go in and see what he has brought me.' ? ? ! 'I hopa ho has brought you a London paper,' said Arnold, 'for I haven't seen one -?: since the day before yesterday.' 'Poor thinor,' laughed Mary. ^ Isn't it :': dreadful suffering? That accounts for your looking so ill. ' They went into the hall and found the servant iu the act of sorting and studiously examining tho letters. _ : .. 'Here's the Times addressed to Roffey. . ' '?' Do you think I may open it ?' asked Arnold. \ 'I' think I may,' said Mary, tearing off the wrapper. ' There, go and read the news, man, while I look at my Christmas cards from the people who were surprised to see me yesterday '. ? — and hero's an African letter from the -?eac aunt and one from Helena Champernonue, such a jolly girl, who gets shoved on for all the wretched old women and has to make up ugly . '?-,?? half her time.' 'Dreadful murder in Bloomsbury,' read ' *. Arnold, 'what a godsend for Boxing Day - newspapers.' ... Mary was standing with her back to him at ; the hall table opening her letters and spread ing out her Christmas cards approvingly. ' All sixpenny ones at the least,' she said. ' What it is to have_ come into property. A dreadful murder, did you eay ? How nice. - ' . '? I hope it is a lovely mysterious poisoning case - - .'- among genteel people. I hate vulgar murders.' There was no answer. . ' ' .; 'Is it poison?' she asked casually, while ? . r she was reading her aunt's letter. . ?, -; Again no answer. ' ' .'? -'\ She looked round, puzzled at his silence, in , ? '--, apiteof her divided attention. He was lean- ?'?-£ ing against the wall, white as death and ; V:'i speechless. - . .'.',-% ' Arnold ! what's the matter .? Do you know ; ':« the people 5' ? ? '.3 ?' .No, no, no— only it's too horrid. It turned ' ; ^' inesick.' . , X;^ [To l-e continued.) ..- ' -J 