My Theatrical and Musical Recollections. (By Emily Soldene.) CHAPTER V. The Oxford Music Hall, 1866-1867— The Chappies and the Johnnies— The Table of the Chairman — The Racing Men— My Tip for the Derby, 1867 — How and Why the Marquis of Hastings was Ruined— Pony Moore and Mrs. Moore, of the Moore and Burgess Minstrels — His Benefit — Her Diamonds — His Bail — “Happy Be Thy Dreams” — Mr. Howard Glover — Visits the Oxford— Miss Russell’s Anxiety as to What He Thinks— I Sing at Glasgow— Total Ab- stainers’ Saturday Night Concerts— The City Fa- thers’ Remarks on My Dress— “Davie Brown’s” — A Visit to Loch Lomond — A Scotch Mist — “Braxey” Mutton— Mr. John Ryder at the Queen’s Theatre— His Tears— The Oxford burnt, February, 1868. THE Oxford was a cosmopolitan place, and the audience also was cosmopoli- tan, and various in its tastes and ten- dencies. The Hall, a mag- pificent structure in the Italian style, was beautifully de- corated with fres- coes, gilding, and lots of light. Bars down the side were dressed with plenty of flowers, colored glass, and any amount of bright, glittering, brass- bound barrels and bottles. But, after all, the brightest, most glit- tering, and most attractive thing about the bars (of course, not counting the drinks) were the bar- maids. Rows of little tables, at which people sat and smoked, and drank, filled the auditorium, and in and out the tables circulated the peripatetic, faded, suggesting, inquiring, deferential waiter, and the brisk, alert, “cigar,” “programme,” and “book of the words” boy. The cigar boy of my time is now the respected manager of the Holborn Restaurant, Mr. “Tommy” Hamp. Of course there was a certain amount of “gay” society, the “Chappies” and “Johnnies” of that period. And the daughters of “Joy” were not conspicuous by their absence. No doubt most good people think that excess of fortune and lots to drink may induce ossification of the heart and memory in these poor girls. They are wrong, and many a night have I, “by request,” sung “Home, Sweet Home,” because “I made ’em cry.” I daresay these were “off nights,” “business slack,” and “nothing doing.” But no matter. The table of the chairman was a sacred place sacred to a certain and profitable clique, and to win the applause of these quidnuncs was the di- rect aim of everyone appearing on the stage. Winning it, one felt one’s position assured. Then with the clique went the hammer of the chairman, a most stimulating and directing factor in giving “a lead” to public opinion and applause. The Oxford was a great rendezvous for racing men. Every night there would congregate such horsey lights as Charlie Head, Charlie Bush, John Ambrose, Billy Foster, Tom King, Jimmy May- nard, Harry Beard, Tom Cook, Ted Baylis, Teddy Brayley, Chippy Norton, Sam Belasco, Johnny Gideon, Dick Dunn, and many others. On the eve of, or after a big race, the busy hum of the betting men was nearly as loud as the voices of the singers. Down would come the hammer of the chairman, “Order, gentlemen, order.” To do the gentlemen justice, they did order, and much busi- ness was the result. So you see, music was not the only thing heard at the Oxford. Sometimes one got the “correct tip,” and “pulled it off.” But it was not always so. In 1866 I was a good bit to nothing on Lord Nixon, and the next month relieved the monotony by coming “a cropper” over a fancy of my own. One morning in the early part of 1867, leaving the Hall after a rehearsal, the glass doors of the Ox- ford-street entrance were opened from the outside by a very polite and exceptionally big man. “Thank you,” said I. “What are you backing for the Derby?” said he. “Nothing,” said I. “Put your money on Hermit,” said he. I told Mr. Morton, I told everybody. Mr. Morton and every- body — particularly everybody — thought it the fun- niest thing they had ever heard. “Hermit,” “broken down,” “hundred to one,” “absurd.” When anyone wanted to chaff me terribly, they would say, “Well, how’s Hermit getting on?” This was weeks before the race. The thing must have worried me, for, more than once, in my dreams I went a-racing (I had never been to a race, only heard people talk of them), and more than once came the sound of shouting voices, “Hermit wins! Hermit wins!” As all the world knows, Hermit did win (in a snow-storm), hands down, J. Daley up. I afterwards heard that the big man who gave me the “tip” was Mr. “Bobby” Phillips, the owner’s “reputed” commissioner — but of course there is always a certain amount of per- sonal mystery attaching to the operators in those delicate and deluding manipulations incidental to a racing life. With the tidings of Hermit’s win came the in formation that “the Marquis of Hastings was ruined.” Soon I heard hints of a tragedy. Somebody said, “Chaplin swore he’d ‘break’ Hast= ings, and now he has done it!” “Break him,” said I — “why?” “Why? Because the marquis ran away with his sweetheart, Lady Florence Paget. One day she went shopping with Mr. Chaplin to Swan and Edgar’s. He stopped in the trap outside the Regent-street entrance, where she went in, but never came out. The Marquis of Hastings was waiting for her at the Piccadilly en- trance, and off they went.” Goodness knows whether it was true, but it’s what people said. These were the halcyon days of Pony Moore, “Moore and Burgess Minstrels,” St. James’s Hall. Once a year Pony had a benefit. Two perform- ances, at which everybody appeared, and among the “everybodies” were Miss Russell and Miss FitzHenry. At night, after the show, Mrs. Pony Moore, wearing diamonds worth a king’s ransom, would “receive.” Then came a ball and a supper. Such a supper, and such a company, all the pret- tiest women in London, and all the best men. Dukes, earls, marquises, and lords intrigued for invites. About 4.30 a.m. Pony, mounting the table, would make a speech welcoming his guests, and finish up by telling them he was a free-born American, and what he had paid for the cham- pagne. One night he handed me on to the table and begged as a great favor that I would sing a song, “Happy Be Thy Dreams.” I said I would. Then he sent for all his minstrels to come and take a lesson in ballad singing. When I’d finished Pony addressed the crowd. “Great God,” said he, “if that gal ’ud only sing that song in New York, in Wood’s ‘Muse-um,’ she’d knock ’em. Great Caesar’s ghost, she’d knocked ’em!” This was not very refined, but, all the same, Pony Moore’s ball was one of the features of the London season, and everybody, who “by hook or by crook” could, went. Mr. Glover, naturally anxious about my pro- gress, would sometimes have a box and sit out the “selection.” He brought back all my ner- vousness, and I used to be dreadfully glad when he went out. The first time he came Miss Rus- sell was very anxious about his opinion, and the next night asked me, not “What did he think of my singing?” but “What did he think of my bust?” During my engagement at the Oxford I, by per- mission of Mr. Morton, sang at Canterbury for the “Canterbury Catch Club,” and went to Glasgow to the “Total Abstainers’ Saturday Night Concerts.” Signer Foli was singing at the same series. It was the first time I had met him, but we soon be- came good friends. When I told him I was mar- ried, he looked at me with the greatest astonish- ment, and said “What a pity.” He did not ex- plain whether it was a pity for my husband or for myself. At that time everybody wore huge crino- lines. I never allowed one near me, at least not nearer than my neighbor’s skirts. The “City fathers” had seats on the platform at the City Hall, and regarded me with much attention when I made my appearance, dressed in white satin and no petticoats to speak of. After the concert I got a message. The committee approved of “ma seenging,” but thought I “deesplayed ma feegure ower much.” Mr. and Mrs. Morton were in Glas- gow at the same time, and we all went to “Davie Brown’s” music hall. The smoke was so dense one could not see the stage at all ’til the clouds rolled by a bit. But “Davie Brown” gave us stewed rabbit for supper and a huge welcome. During the week we went to Balloch, up the loch. Of course there was a Scotch mist. I had a plank to stand upon, the deck of the boat being a baby river. Arrived at the head of the loch, we strug- gled up a hillside, over the heather, the moist heather. The water ran down our necks and squelched out of the tops of our boots with little sharp squeaks of remonstrance. Presently we came to a shepherd’s hut, where the walls were like a ship’s cabin lined with beds, the “bit place” was full of smoke, delicious peat or burnt wood smoke, and the wash-basin full of lovely cream-laden milk. I drank some, and it was so refreshing. My com- panion was horrified. “A wash- basin? Oh! she really, really could not.” While there we learnt what “braxey” mutton meant. When a sheep dies on the hillside, the person finding it takes it by the head and swings it round and round. If the body does not fly off into space it is all right. If it does, why it’s “braxey.” When the merry Highlander wants to be hideously funny at the ex- pense of the Saxon, he says, “Braxey’s good enough for the Southerner.” We got fearfully wet that day, but returning to the hotel had “whusky” in- side and out, and no harm done. So many people at this time thought me dread fully dramatic, and said I ought to study and go on the stage, and one day, it was February 10, 1868, I, by appointment, met Mr. John Ryder on the stage of the Queen’s Theatre, to hear his opinion. He asked me, “What could I do?” I said “Nothing.” He gave me the Portia speech, “The quality of mercy, etc,” to read. After I got through, he walked up and down for a minute or two, then stopped: “You have tears in your voice,” he said; “are your tears near the surface? can you cry easily?” I could not tell him. “Look at me,” said he, smiling, and, reciting a few lines, (the tears ran down his face as freely and as miser- ably as possible. Of course I was astonished. “Come to-morrow, same time,” said he. “We will have a serious lesson.” But to- morrow never came. That evening I sang the last “turn” on the programme, and in the middle of the night the Oxford was burned. I sang the last song sung in it, and that song was “Launch the lifeboat.” CHAPTER VI. At the Alhambra— Mr. Frederick Strange, Manager — Mr. John Hollingshead, General Manager— Mr. Ri- viere, Conductor— Mme. Pitteri, the Premiere Dan- seuse, and Her Appurtenances — Annie Adams — Her “Indian Drum” — Her Dresses — Her Husband — The Vokes Family— The Canteen— The Habitues —Mabel Grey — Miss Whitehesd in the Front— Pen Picture of a Person— I Have an Offer to Play the “Grand Duchess” — Kindness of Mme. Pitteri— Her Sad End. After the Oxford fire I was engaged at the Al- hambra, which was then a music hall, with grand ballet, and varieties. These were the palmy days of Frederick Strange. Mr. John Hollingshead was the general manager, M. Riviere the conduc- tor, and Mme. Pitteri, a magnificent creature, and great artiste, was the premiere danseuse. Her hair, naturally dark, was dyed a beautiful golden, quite an up-to-date proceeding then. She had a deliciously white, soft, satiny-looking skin. She told me she bathed in warm milk every day. Her dressing-room was gorgeous, decorated with bric- a-brac and silken hangings. She had a French maid, and an Englishwoman to wait on the maid; also a toilette service of solid silver, and magnifi- cent presents from many persons, some of them princes. Among the variety people playing then was Annie Adams, a loud-voiced and commanding serio-comic, who sang with much vigor and more applause: He played on the Indian drum-drum- drum. All down the street he would come-come-come. He played on the Indian drum-drum-drum, And made a most terrible noise. She was a very big woman, with a fine figure, a pretty face, and always splendidly dressed. Her husband, Mr. Harry Wall, of copyright fame, used to wait in the first entrance with his mouth full of pins, and when she came off pinned up her skirts to keep them out of the dust. The “Vokes Fa- mily” were also of the company. They played “The Belles of the Kitchen.” The family were altogether then — Barbara, Victoria, Fred, Fawdon, and pretty moon-faced, piquant, kittenish, mis- chievous Rosina. These were the days of “The Canteen,” and the business was enormous. Among the regular habitues of the theatre was a beauti- ful creature, who, accompaned by her maid and half concealed by the hangings of her box, sat every night and received her courtiers; she was tall, slender, fragile, elegant, refined, and wore out- rageously costly but perfect toilettes, and some of the best diamonds in London. It was the cele- brated Mabel Grey, the most notorious, extrava- gant, vampirish demi-mondaine of the day. At that time, engaged in the front of the house, was a very distinguished-looking young lady, who, everybody said, came of a good family. She was afterwards in the flower stall at the Gaiety. Her name then was Miss Whitehead, she is now cele- brated as Mrs. Bernard Beere. We used to have some — not many — visitors be- hind the scenes, and nearly every night, about 9.30, came a tall, gaunt old gentleman; his long hair was sleek and iron grey; his beard rather short, and pointed (Francois premier), and his shoulders a little bent. He wore his hat at the back of his head, and two noticeable features of his attire were his long coat and his rich, broad, black satin neck scarf, so broad as to nearly conceal the shirt front. In this scarf glittered a priceless gem, sometimes a ruby, sometimes a pearl, sometimes an emerald set round with diamonds. On his fin- gers were one or two other gems, also priceless; in them he always carried a huge cigar, which he sometimes smoked (though smoking was not allowed behind the scenes). He talked (with a nasal accent) to the ballet a good deal, but it was under- stood always for their good. Indeed, he was look- ed upon as a regular father to the ballet, but per- haps an irregular one would be nearer the mark. If the girls admired (which they generally did) the emerald, ruby, or pearl, he told them gently it should be theirs, but for one thing: It was “a gift from a dead friend; he could never part with it.” I will not record the subsequent and disres- pectful remarks of the ladies. He was quite the equal of Mr. Gilbert’s Englishman in asserting his superiority to temptation of every kind, and was never weary of proclaiming his infallibility in the way of personal virtue (notwithstanding all and many inducements to the contrary), and his faithfulness to his domestic obligations. In spite of which, when unprotected female folk (especially if they were plump), came in a cab to do a “turn,” he would, when they were through, offer them the accommodation of his brougham and his personal attendance. He had a great penchant for a night or two at Brussels, and on his return would pre- sent the ballet with pin boxes, card cases, and little nicknacks made of tortoise-shell, inlaid with silver. Also he brought back lots of kid gloves, “job” lots, I fancy, “reduction on taking a quan- tity.” This old gentleman was a son of Israel, and if not universally beloved, was universally benevolent, for his ear and his purse were always open to the necessitous (and the collaterals) of the upper class and impecunious Gentile. One night he brought with him a tall, slender youth (also slightly bent about the shoulders), with a face of the highest Semitic type (beautiful, sending one’s mind back to the days of the Naza- rene), and a profusion of glorious, waving, bright, chestnut hair (he’s not so good-looking now). His appearance was altogether perfect, so were his manners. The old gentleman said, “Miss Fitz- Henry, allow me to present to you my younger son; Miss FitzHenry, my son Alfred.” The old gentleman was — Well, now, who was it? Don’t all speak at once. One night Mr. John Russell, of Covent Garden Theatre, called on me at the Alhambra. He had a company out on tour with Offenbach’s “Grand Duchess” (originally produced at Covent Garden by Mr. Augustus Harris, with Mrs. Howard Paul as her eccentric highness). Miss Julia Mathews was Mr. Russell’s prima donna, and I think pulled the prima donna string somewhat tightly. Anyway, Mr. Russell wanted a second possible Duchess, and asked me if I would join him. Of course I jumped with joy; anything to get out of the music hall into a theatre, a real theatre, with no smoke, no beer, no varieties, no; — well, never mind. But I had a contract with the Alhambra, and Mr. Strange would not release me. It was like death losing such a chance. I went to Mme. Pitteri, whose word was law, and begged her to get me off, and she, like the lovely, kind, splendid, big-hearted woman she was, did it; and I was free to take my step. Years afterwards, asking an agent who had made much money out of the dan- seuse (and who licked the dust from her feet in the days of her prosperity) for news of her, he told me indifferently “she was dead.” Dead in pov- erty and distress; died while filling an engagement in a low dance house among the sailors at Mar- seilles. She had spent all her money; the pre- sents were all gone, so were the princes. ________________________________________ “Thieves are hardly a provident class as a rule,” said a detective to a writer, “yet it may surprise you to know that there are a large number both of burglars and pick-pockets who habitually in- sure themselves against capture and imprison- ment. There are two or three men in the East End who do an extensive business insuring thieves. These pay a small weekly premium, varying ac- cording to previous ‘laggings,’ and every convic- tion raises the rate, very old and ‘unlucky’ offen- ders being often refused altogether. When a thief gets nabbed his insurance money usually goes to pay a ‘mouthpiece’ (or solicitor) to defend him. One of these fellows, a man of much their own class, has over fifty thieves insured with him for sums varying from £2 upwards. He has a carefully compiled list of their convictions, and actually keeps books, in a primitive style, and he has found the money towards defending several criminals we’ve put in the dock. Not long ago a notorious rascal was enabled by him to engage one of the sharpest police-court solicitors, and was actually acquitted on a purely technical point; un- defended, he’d have got a heavy sentence. When a case is so black that no solicitor will defend it, the thief draws his insurance money on coming out of prison. A burglar I once caught in Hack- ney was insured with four different men, and after his sentence expired, he drew from them in all about £46. He was nabbed again the next night on another ‘job,’ and had hardly a penny in his possession.” — London “Evening News.” 