THE CHRISTIAN. By HALL CAINE, Author of 'Tho Manxman,' 'The Deemster,' 'The Scapegoat,' 'Tho Last Confession,' ' The Bondsman,' &c.; 1 [Published by special arrangement with the Authot^ AH rights reserved,] I To tiif. Reader or 'The Christian.'— In makinj; » picture of what I taUe to be the great intellectual movement of our time in England and in America — j the movement towards Christian Socialism — I havo been irresistibly drawn from the general study at types to the particular study of individual persons. ' living anl dead; and following good precedent, I' have freely used the sayings and doings and in soma instances the letters of recognisable people. It 13 inevitable, and, perhaps desirable, that Vtois should ba observed; but lpBt there should be any tendency to draw the natural inference that individual portrait! are intended, I take the opportunity of saying that I dare not claim any authority, except that of tbe irre sponsible story-teller, and the scenes described in thii story are not always to be identified with tbe localities wherein I have placed them.— Hall Cainis. SECOND BOOK. ? The Religious Life. Chapter XX. , Some weeks had passed and it was tha morning of the last day of John Storm's resi dence at Bishopsgate- street. After calling tha brotherhood the father had entered John's room and was resting on the end of the bed. 'You are quite determined to leave us?' he said. j John answered firmly but respectfully, ' Quite determined, father.' 'You are of the same mind as at Easter ?;- J - ' 'Precisely the same.' 'Then this is tho -last time I am to call you ?' 'Yes.' ? 1 , The father sighed deeply and said in broken sentences, 'Our house is passing through terrible trials, my son. Perhaps we did wrong to come here. There is no cross in our foun dations and we have built on. a worldly foot ing. 'Unless the Lord build the house.' .... It was good of you to delay at my request the execution of your purpose, bud , now that the time has come. ... I had set my heart on you, my son. I am an old man now aud sometliing.of the affection of tho natural father ? ' John Storm had reached for the old man's haud. ' Father, if you only knew ? ' 'Yes, yes; I know, I know. You have suffered and it is not for mo to reproach you. The novitiate has its great joys, but it has ita great trials also. Self has to be got rid of, faith has to be exerted, obedience has to bo learned, and above all the heart has to be detached from its idols in the world — a devoted mother it may be, a dear sister, perhaps a dearer ono still.' ,. Thero was silence for a moment. John's head was down ; ho could not speak. 'It is not for me to probe the heart thai does not reveal itself to its spiritual father. That you wish to return to the world only shows 'that you came before you heard the call of God. Some other voice seemed to speak to you and you listened and thought it was God's voice. But God's voico will come ^. to you yet and .you will hear it and answer it ' and not another. . . . Have you any where to go to^wheu you leave this house?' ' - ' Yes, the home of a good woman. I havo written to her — I think she will receive me.' ~~ ' All that you brought with you will be re- ; turned, and if you want money ? ' ' No, I came to you ns a beggar— let me leave you as a beggar too.' 'There is one thing more, my son.' 'What is it, father?' The old man's voice was scarcely avidible. 'You aro breaking obedience by leaving us before the end of your novitiate, and the com munity imist separate itself from you as from ono who lids violated his vow aud cast himself off from -grace. .This will have to be done be. fove you cross o§irthreshold. It is our duty to the brotherhood jit is also our duty to God. You understand tuat?', '* VrtD ' ? ? t 'And will be prep'Aig&dTor; It'?' 'Yes.' ??r-£?*pt- ' It will be iu^ho^ehuroh ftfew ainutes b» fore midday serrtc.e.^ . ?''.'. '*?''' ~ ' . 1- '?- 'Yes.' --'? .-''?..'. '-?' The father rose to'gb. ' Then tliat is al! V*. -^Yes, that is all.' ? .' . , , 5Hi;b£$t-hpr-s ^o'nx was breaking. Good ''&oijd;^^g,!faj;her, and God bloss you !' r*U A iel&hiSr;^inlc which he had brought with r'j- him'.on thfe day 'liai^anie to tlie brotherhood 1^ was. returned to^iH^'tapm, containing tha ^ clothes be had v/oi!a in-aB^ater world as wcU , ' ??'??? ' .''''' ^%. '' 4a bis purse and watch and other belongings. He diseased himself in his habit as a secular priest and put the cassock of the society over i»V for he knew that to remove that must be part of the ordeal of his expulsion. Then the cell rang for breakfast and he went down to the refectory. The brothers received him in Bilence, hardly Jookingup as he entered. Nevertheless by their furtive glances he could plainly^ see that he was the only subject that occupied their thoughts. When the meal was over ho tried to Xningle among them that he might say farewell to as many as were willing that he should do )so. Some gave him their hands with prompt goodwill, some avoided him, and some turned their backs on him altogether. But if his reception in the refectory was chilling, his welcome to the courtyard was warm enough. At the first sound of his foot step on the paved way the dog came from his -'-' ' quarters under the sycamore. One moment the creature stood and looked at him with its Bad and bloodshot eyes, then with a bound it threw its forepaws on his breast and then plunged and .pitched around him and uttered deep bays that were like the roar of thunder. He Bat on the seat and caressed the dog and his heart grew full and happy. The morning was bright with sunshine, the air was fragrant with the flowers of spring and birds were sing ing and rejoicing in the tree. ' Presently Brother Andrew came and sat teside him. The lay_ brother, like a human dog, had been following him about all morning and now in his feeble way he began to talk of his mother and to wonder if John would ever see her. Her name was Pinchar and she was it good woman. She lived in Cook-lane, Crown Btreet, Soho, and kept house for his brother, who was a pawnbroker. But his brother, poor fellow, was much given to drinking and per haps that had been a reason why he himself had left home. John promised to call on her and then Brother Andrew began to cry. The sprawling features of the great fellow were almost laughable to look upon. V-. The bell rang for terce. 'Whilst the brothers were at prayers John took his last look over the house. With the dog at his heels— the old ? thing seemed resolved to lose sight of him no niore— he passed slowly through the hall and into the community-room and up the stairs and down the top corridor. He looked again at every inscription on the walls, though he knew them all by heart and had read them a hun dred times. When he came to his own cell he was touched by a strange tenderness. The \- place where he had thought so much, prayed BO muoh, suffered so much — it was dear to him ' after all. He went up on to the roof. How \ often he had been drawn there as by a devilish \ fascination. The great city looked innocent enough now under its mantle of sunlight, dotted over with green ; but how dense, how ' difficult. Then the bell rang for midday ser vice, though it was not yet noon, and he went Sown to the hall. The brothers were there already, making ready to go into the church. . 'She order of the procession was the same as on the day of his dedication, except that Slather Paul was no longer with them — ?Brother Audrew going first' with the croas, then the lay brothers, then the religious then the father, and John Storm last of all. i Though the courtyard was full of sunBbiue tho church looked dark and gloomy. Curtains j were drawn across the windows and the altar : was draped as for a death. As soon as the brothers had taken their places in the choir the father stood on the altar steps and said — i 'If any member of tliis community has one unfaithful thought of going back to the outer world I charge him to come to this altar now. But woe to him through whom the offence cometh ! Woe to him who turns back after taking up the golden plough !' { John was kneeling in his place in the second row of the choir. The eyes of the community were upon him. He hesitated a moment, then lose and stepped up to the altar. I ' Sly son,' said the father, ' it is not yet too late. I see your fate as plainly as I see you now. Shall I tell you what it is ? Can you Lear to hear it? I see you going out into a j world which has nothing to satisfy the cravings of your soul. I see you foredoomed ! to failure and suffering and despair. I see you coming back to us within a year with a broken sfhd bleeding heart. I see you taking the vows of life-long consecration. - Can vou face the future?' I 'I must.' ! 'There is no help for it,' said the father and taking a book from the altar he read the awful service of the degradation : — ; 'By' the authority of God Almighty, Tather (X), Son and Holy Ghost, and by our ; own authority, we, the members of the Society cf the Holy Gethsemane, do take away from thee tho habit of our order aud depose and degrade and deprive thee of all rights and . ? privileges in the spiritual goods and prayers which, by the grace of God, are done among HE.' l ''Amen! Amen!' said the brothers. ? Ouring the reading of the service John had Li.i.'ii kneeling. The father motioned to him to rise and prjeeeded to remove the cord with which he hid bound him at his consecration. Vvlien this was done he signalled to Brother Andrew to take off the cassock. ! The bell was tolled. The father dropped to liis knees. The brothers, hoarse and husky, bi'gau to sing in Exitu Is:ael de -flSgypto. T.'itir heads were down, their voices seemed to come up out of the earth. it was all over now. John Storm turned noout hardly able to see his way. Brother Andrew went before him to open the door of t'r.c sacriety. The lay brother was crying audibly. '. 'lie sun was still shining in the courtyard ais-i the birds were still Binging and rejoicing. 'Xiie first thing of which John was conscious was that the dog was licking his rigid fingers. A moment later he was in the little covered passage to the street and Brother Andrew was ] opening the iron gate. I I ''Good-bye, my lad.' He stretches out his hand, then remembered that he was an excommunicated man and i tried to draw it back, but the lay brother had i snatched at it and lifted it to his lips. ] i The dog was following him into the street. j 'Go back, old friend.' '-. He patted the old creature on the head and Brother Andrew laid hold of it bv the neck. i A hansom was waiting for him with his trunk on the top. 'Victoria-square, Westminster,' lie called. . : The cab waa moving off when there was a ! ; growl and a lurch — the dog had broken away I ;. . and was running after it. ?'; i How crowded the streets were ! How deafening was the traffic ! The church bell ' true ringing for midday service. What a tbin \ tinkle it made out there, yet how deep was its , boom within ! Stock Exchange men with ' iheir leisurely activity were going in by their .'? seven doorways to their great ccunting-houee :. in Capel-court. ; I Ho began to feel o boundless relief. How .'; bis heart was beating ! With what a strange : :.. jind deep emotion lie found himBelf once more ''.;'.. in the world. Driving in the dense and devious 'f, . thoroughfares was like sailing on a cross sea '''??: fiutside a difficult headland. He could smell ? the brine and feel the flick of the foam on his '-? ' lips aud cheeks. It was liberty, it was life. : Feeling anxious about the dog he drew up :: the cab for a moment The faithful creature was running under the driver's Beat. Before the cab could start again a line of sandwich iien had passed in front of it. Their boards contained one word only. Tho word jyas' 'Gloria.' V- ,. ,'-?; v^,. He flaw it, jet it barely amarted ..ins con sciousness. Somehow it seeiaea.-like an eel:o from the esieteuce he liftd l-?f tibehiud. '?':??' .-f'st- ?: The noises of life were as wine in hie veins now. He was burning with impatience, to overtake his arrears of knowledge, to see what, the world had gone through in bis absence. Leaning over the door of the hansom he read the names of the streets and the signs over the shops and tried to identify the houses which had been rebuilt and the thoroughfares which had been altered. But the past was the past and the clock would turn back for no man. These men and women in the streets knew all that had happened. The poorest beggar on the pavement knew more than he did. .Nearly a year of his life was gone— in pfayeif''1in' penance, in fasting, in visions, in ?dreams — dropped out, left behind and lost for ever. Going by the Bank the. -cab drew up again to allow a line of omnibuses to pass into Cheapside. Every omnibus had its board for advertisements and nearly every board contained the word he had seen before — 'Gloria.' 'Only the name of some music-hall singer,' he told himself. But the name had begun to trouble him. It had stirred the fibres of memory and made him think of the past — of his yacht, of Peel, of his father, and finally of Glory— and again of Glory— and yet again of Glory. He saw that flags were flying on the Mansion House and on the Bank and pushing up the trap of the hansom he asked if anything un usual was going on. 'Lawd, down't ye know what day it is ter day, sir? It's the ole lyedy's birthday. That's why all the wimming's going abort in their penny carridges. Been through a illness, sir?' 'Yes, something of that sort' ' Thort so, sir.' When the cab Btarted afresh he began to tell himself what he was gome to do in the future. He was going to work amoni? the poor and the outcast, the oppressed and the fallen. He was going to search for them and find them in their haunts of sin and misery. Nothing was to be too mean for him. Nothing was to be npmmon or unclean. No matter about his own honor ! No matter if he was only one man in a million ! The kingdom of heaven was like a grain of mustard seed. When he came within sight of St. Paul's the golden cross on the dome was flashing like a fiery finger in the blaze of the midday sun. That was the true ensign ! That was the great example ! It was a monstrous and wicked fallacy, a gloomy and narrow formula, that religion had to do with the affairs of the eternal world only. Work was rekgion ! Work wob prayer ! Work was praise ! Work was the love of man and the glory cf God ! Glorious gospel ! Great and deathless symbol ! [End of Second Book.] THIRD BOOK. The Devil's Acre. Chapteh I. Behind Buckingham Palace there is a little square of modest houses standing back from the tide of traffic and nearly always as quiet as a cloister. At one angle of the square there is a house somewhat larger than the rest, but j ust as sim plo and unassuming. In the dining room of this house an elderly lady was sitting down to lunch alone, with the covers laid for another at the opposite side of the table. ' Hae ye the spare room ready, Emma?' 'Yes, ma'am,' said the maid. 'And the sheets done airing? And baith the pillows ? And the pillowslips — and every thing finished?' The maid was answering 'yes' to each of these questions when a hansom cab came rattling up to the front of the house and the old lady leapt out of her seat. 'It's himself,' she cried and ran like a girl to tho hall. The door had been opened before she got there aud a deep voice was saying, ' Is Mrs. Callender — -' ' It's John ! My gracious ! It's John Storm !' the old woman cried and she lifted both hands as if to fling herself into his arms. 'My goodness, laddie, but you gave poor auld Jane sic a start. Expected ye ? To be sure we expected you and terribly ^thrang we've been all morning making ready; Only my daft auld brain must have been a wee ajee. But,' smiling through her tears, 'has a body never a cheek that you must be kissing at her hand? And is this your dog?' looking down at the bloodhound. 'Welcome? Why ot course it's welcome. What was I saying the day, Emma? 'I'd like fine to have a dog,' didn't I, and here it is to our hand. Away with ye, James, man, and show Mr. Storm to his room and then find a bed for the creature somewhere. Letters for ye, laddie? Letters enough and you'll find them on the table up stairs. Only, mind ye, tho lunch is ready and your fish is getting cold.' Johp Storm opened his letters in his room. One of them was from his uncle, the Prime Minister — 'I rejoice to hear of your most sensible resolution. Come and dine with me at Downing-street this day week at 7 o'clock, I have much to say and much to ask, and I expact to be quite alone.' Another of his letters was from his father — 'lam not surprised at your intelligence, but if anything could exceed the folly of going into a monastery it is the imbecility of coming out of it. The former appears to be a subject of common talk in this island, and no doubt the latter will soon bo so.' John flinched as at ajfut across the face and then smiled a smile of relief. Apparently Glory was writing home, wherever she was, and there was good news in that at all events. ' Come {your ways in, laddie, and let me look at ye again. Man, but your face is pale and your bonnie eyes are that sunken. But sit ye down and eat. They've been starving ye, I'm thinking, and miscalling it religion. It's enough to drive a reasonable body to drink. Carnal I am, laddie, but I just want to put some flesh on your bones, Monks indeed ! And in this age of the world too ! Little Jack Homers sitting in comers, saying, ' Oh, what a good boy am I.'' John defended his late brethren. They were holy men; they lived a holy life; he had not bsen good enough for their company, ' But I feel like a sailor home from sea,' he said; 'tell me what has happened.' 'Births, marriages, and deaths? I suppose you're like the lave of tho men and think nothing else matters to a woman. But come now, more chicken? No? A wee bitee? Aye, but' ye're sair altered, laddie. Weel, where can a body begin ?' 'The canon— how is he?' 'li'ine as fivepence. Good as ever in the pulpit? Yes ; but it's a pity he doesn't bide., there, for he's nothing to be windy of when hen comes out of it. Deacon now, bless ye, -or archdeacon and some sic'ybotherment, and his daughter is to be married to-. you Blip of a curate with the rabbit mouth #rii the heather legs. Weel, Bhe wasna for 'all hjarkets, you keu.' ?:.-. :-. ' ' And Mrs. Mackray 'P 'Gone over to tlio angels. Dead? Nae, ye're too expecting altogether. She's got religion though and holds missionary meetings in her drawing-room of a Monday and gives lunches tc actor folks of a Sunday, and now a poor woman that's been working for charity tjud Christianity all her dayB has no chance with her anyway.' . '(And Miss Mackray ?' ??? ?''Poor young leddv, they're for marrying her at last. Yes, to that Tiro man— that 'lord thing, with the eyeglasses. I much misdoubt but lier heart's somewhere else, and there's one auld woman would a hantle rather have heard tell of her getting the right man than aociug the laddie burj himself ic a monastery. She's given in at last though and it's to be a grand wedding, they're telling me. Your Americans are kittle cattle. Just as the Jews of the west seemingly, and they must do everything splendiferously. There are to be jewels as big as walnuts, and bouquets five' feet in diameter, and a rope of pearls_for_a necklace, and a rehearsal of the hide ^bihg in the church. Yes, indeed, '^.kftb&rsal;,' and the deacon, honest map, in the' middle of the mag nificence,?' .J'ohn .Storm's pale face was twitching, ''And -the hospital,' he said, 'has anything happened there? . . .' 'Nothing.' ' No other case such as the one . . .' he faltered. ' Not since yon poor bit lassie.' 'Thank God!' ' It was the first ill thing I had heard tell of for years, and the nurses are good women for all that. High-spirited, yes, but dear, bright, happy things, to think what they have to know -and be present at ! Lawyers, doctors, and nurses see the worst of human nature, and she'd be a beartless woman who'd no Make allowances for them, poor creatures.' John Storm had risen from the table with a flushed face, making many excuses. He would step round to the hospital ; he had questions to ask there and it would be a walk after luncheon. 'Do,' said Mrs. Callendor, 'but remem ber, dinner at 6. And hark ye, hinny, this house is to be your hame until you can light on a better one, so just sleep Baft in it and wake merrily. And Jane Callender is to be your auld auntie until some ither body tak's ye frae her, and then it'l^-no be her hand ye'll bo kissing for fear of her wrinkles, Fm thinking.' Tho day was bright, the sun was shining, and the streets were full of thoroughbred horses in gorgeous carriages, with coachmenan splendid liveries, going to the drawing-room in honor of the royal birthday. As John went by the palace the approaches to it were thronged, the band of the Household Cavalry was playing within the rails, and officers in full dress uniform, members of the diplomatic service, with swords and cocked hats, ladies in gorgeous brocades carrying bouquets of orchids and wearing tiaras of diamonds and white plumes were filing through the gates towards the throne-room. The hospital looked strangely unfamiliar after so short an absence, and there were new faces among the nurses who passed to and fro in the corridors. John asked for the matron and was received with constrained and distant courtesy. Was he well? Quite well? They had a resident chaplain now, and being in § nest's orders he had many advantages where eath was so frequent. Was he sure he had not been ill? John understood. It was almost as if he had come out of some super natural existence. People looked at him as if they were afraid. 'I came to ask if you could tell me any thing of Nurse Quayle ?' he said. The matron could tell him nothing. The girl had gone ; they had been compelled to part with her. Nothing serious ? No, but totally unfit to be a nurse. She had some good quali ties certainly — cheerfulness, brightness, tender ness— and for sake of these and his own in terest in the girl they had put up with incon ceivable rudeness and irregularities. What had become her? She really could not say. Nurso Allworthy might know, and the matron took up her pen. John found tho ward sister with the house doctor at the bed of a patient. She was short and even curt, said over her shoulder she knew nothing about the girl, and then turned back to her work. As John passed out of the ward the doctor followed him and said perhaps the porter might be able to tell him something. The porter was difficult at first, but seeing his way clearer after a 'hile lie admitted to receiving letters for the nurse and delivering them up to her when she called. That was long ago and she had not been there since New Year's eve. Then she had given him a shilling and said she would trouble him no more. John gave him five shillings and asked if anybody ever called for her. Yes, once. Who was it? A gentleman. Had he left his name? No, but had said he would write. When was that? A day or two before she was there the last time. Drake ! There could not be a shadow of a doubt of it. John Storm looked at the clock — it was 3.45. Then he buttoned his coat and crossed the street to the park, with his face in the direction of St. James's-street. Horatio Drake had given a luncheon in his rooms that day in honor of Glory's first public appearance. The performance was to come off at night, but in the course of the morning there had been a dress rehearsal in the salon of the Corinthian Club. Twenty men and women, chiefly journalists and artists, had aasembled there to get a first glimpse of the debutante and cameras had lurked behind portieres and in alcoves to catch her poses, her expressions, her fleeting smiles and humorous grimaces. Then the company had adjourned to Drake's chambers. The luncheon was now over, the last guest had gone, and the host was in his dining-room alone. Drake was standing by the chironeypiece, holding at arm's length a pencil sketch of a woman's beautiful face and lithe figure. 'Like herself, it's alive to the finger-tipa,' he thought and then he propped it against the pierglass. There was a sound of the opening and closing of the outer door downstairs and Lord Robert entered the room. He looked heated, harassed, and exhausted. Shaking out his perfumed pocket handkerchief he mopped his forehead, drew a long breath, and dropped into a chair. ' I have done it,' he said. ' It's all over.' Polly Love had lunched with the company that day and Lord Robert had returned home with her in order to break the news of his approaching marriage. He gave his version of what had occurred. While the girl had been removing her hat and jaoket ho had sat at the piano and thumbed it, hardly knowing how to begin. All at once he had said, ' Do you know, my dear, I'm tor be married on Saturday V' She had said nothing at first and he had played the piano furiously. Heavens, what a frame of mind to be in. Why didn't the girl speak? At last he had looked round at her and there she stood smiling, grinning, gasping, and white as a ghost. Suddenly she began to cry. Good God, such crying! Yes, it was all over. Everything had been settled somehow, i 'But I'll be in harder condition before I tackle Euch a job again,' said Lord Robert. ?- There was silence for a moment. Drake was (leaning on the mantelpiece, his logs crossed and one foot beating on the hearthrug. The men were ashamed and they began to talk of indifferent things. Smoke? Didn't mind. Those Indian cigars were good ! Not bad, certainly ! At length Drake said in a different voice, 'Cruel, but necessary. Robert— necesBary to tho woman who is goino; to be your wife, cruel to the poor girl who has been.' Lord Robert tossed his head and snorted like a colt, rose to his feet impatiently, stretched his arm aud ahot out his striped cuff, and walked to and fro across the room. ''Ponray soul, I believe I should have stuck to the little thing but for the old -girl, don't you know. She's made such a good social running lately. . . . And then she's started thia evangelical craze too. . . . No, Polly wouldn't have suited her book, anyhow.' Silence again and then further talk on in different things. 'Wish Benson wouldn't sweep tlip sortawater off tho table.' 'Ring for iu' The 'Little things realty cares for me— don't you know. And it isn't my fault, is it? 1 had to Iiedgo. Frank, dear ^oy,' you're always tauntiDg me wHh^he troatfmill we have to turn for tljja sake; 6T society, and so forth ;. but with debts about a man's neck like a mill Btone, what could a man do?' 'I don't mean that you're worse than others, old fellow,' said Drake, 'or that sacrificing this one poor child is going to mend . matters much . . . .' 'No, it isn't likely to improve my style of going, is it?' 'But that man John Storm was not so far wrong after all, and for this polygamy of our lavender glove tribe the nation itself will be overtaken by the judgment of God one of these dayB.' Lord Robert broke into a peal of derisive laughter. 'Go on,' he cried. 'Goon, dear boy. It's funny to hear you, though, after to day's proceedings, too,' and he glanced signifi cantly around the table. Drake .brought down his fist with a thump on the mantelpiece. ' Hold your tongue, Robert. How often am I to tell you this is a different thing entirely ? Because I discover a creature of genius and try to help her to the position she deserves. . . .' ? ' You hypocrite, if it had been a man instead of a charming little woman with big eyes, don't you know . . .' But there had been a rinp at the outer door and Benson had come in to say that a clergy man was waiting downstairs. 'Little Golightly again F* said Lord Robert wearily. 'Are these everlasting arrange ments never . . .' The man stopped him. It was not Mr. Golightly ; it was'a stranger ; would not give his name ; looked like a Catholic priest ; had been there before, he thought. 'Can it be. . . talk of the devil . . .' 'Ask hiln up,' said 'Drake. And while Drake bit his lip and clenched his hands and Lord Robert took up a scent bottle and sprayed himself with eau-de-Cologne, they saw a man clad in the long coat of a priest come into the room — calm, grave, Belf -possessed, very pale, with hollow and shaven cheeks and dark and sunken eyes, which burned with a sombre fire, and head so closely cropped as to seem to be almost bald. (To be continued. I 