A MAD~HBIBESS. By STEPHEN SOMERSET, Author of "On the Track," "His Victim," "For Love and Fortune," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER III. For a second or two I felt iu utter despair after I saw the kev on which all our hopes of rescue depended disappear into the burning refuse below the carriage window. The next moment my hopes rose again. A brave official caught a glimpse of us, rushed forward, opened the door, and dragged us out, just as the roof of the carriage fell in with a terrific crash. Then 1 looked around among the pallid group of passengers and officials, and .asked where were my mother and step-father. Alas! No one answered me, but I soon learnt that a carriage, the third from mine, had caught fire through the upsetting of a lamp, and I saw that the two carriages behind it, in one of which my mother and step-father travelled, were enveloped in a torrent of flame, which had overwhelmed them without an instant's warning. The officials had at last uncoupled the burning carriages, and so saved the train from becoming a complete wreck, and having obtained water, were beginning to subdue the flames. I waited in speechless horror and uncer tainty, till at length there was an exclamation of horror amongst the crowd, and something was carefully carried out of one of the carriages. " Who is it?" gasped I. "Stay where you are, my child. I will see," said Miss Williams, who had mastered her fears in this awful moment. Presently she returned, shuddering convulsively. "Alas! your poor mother! But you must not go near." I received the tidings in silence. I bad guessed already that no living thing could come out of that furnace of flame. Presently I was told that my stepfather and two other persons were also killed in that fatal carriage. Thus I found myself, at seyenteen years of age, absolutely alone in the world, and betrothed to a man whom I bad good reason to despise and loathe. For a few days Miss Williams and'I remained at the village near which the accident had occurred, then we journeyed to Paris for the funeral, and when this was over I determined to. return at once to England to await a communication from my guardian. Signor Vasari had the hardihood to return his suit, but I wrote a letter to my guardian, in which I related his conduct at the time erf the accident, together with sundry other incidents in his life which had also recently come to my knowledge, and my guardian at once telegraphed a decided refusal of • the Signor's offer. He retired from the field, and soon consoled himself with the hand and fortune of an elderly Belgian heiress. I settled down again at the Abbey with Miss Williams, and after the brief and tragical interlude iu France my life glided on as mono' tonously as ever for more than a year. After a time I recovered from the shock occasioned by my mother's terrible end. I was well aware she had never cared for me, andmy hopes'now began to centre around my guar* dian, Mr. Edmund Linskill, my father's brother, who held an important official poet in India. One day, to my great delight, I recei ved a letter from him saying that be should set out for England shortly, accompanied bv his son. Though I had never met my uncle, he had always appeared to take a genuine interest' in my welfare, and, having no other relatives, I was prepared to welcome my uncle and. cousin most heartily. "Now, at last, my life is going to begin," exclaimed Ir joyously, feeling lighter of heart than I had ever done since my mother's death. Unable to settle down to any indoor occupation, I put on my hat, and set off into the grounds for a scamper with my dogs ; for my lonely country life had made somewhat of a tomboy of me, so at least thought my good, precise governess. " Hi, Rover! Come along, Jack! Here, Lion!" shouted I to mv little-band. of. faithful followers, and we all set off hel'oar skelter through the wildest part of the grounds, and beyond them, out int > the moor, where little was to be seen save rock and heather. We scampered along thus, until X, thinking of my future plans, and heedless of my steps, stumbled on a loose stone, and suddenly found myself hanging over the verge of a disused quarry. I clutched some shrubs on the brink, and thus 6aved myself from going over, but I dared not move for fear of overbalancing myself. What was I to do? A thousand wild ideas flitted through my mind as I cluiig there in mortal peril. I knew I could not retain my position long, and there was not the slightest probability of any one coming near for hours, or even*for days. Was my life to be ended by this trivial accident, now when the future seemed so fajr and promising? The-dogs gathered round me, ana gazed at ma with sad, sympathising eyes. Suddenly a sound reached my ears that gladdened them as the sound of the pipers must have cheered the besieged in Lucknow. Some one in the far distance was softly whistling the air of "Sweethearts." " Help! help!" I shouted as loudly as I could, and the dogs barked in chorus, and then set off in quest of the whiazler. A young man in shooting costume oresently emerged from behind a clump or brushwood. He looked around for a moment, saw me, and in a few seconds more had caught me up dexterously, and placed liie on tho heather. Tbe next, minute the brushes svhich had bees my principal support, looaenod by the strain, fell into the quarry. "Thank heaven I was in time!" exclaimed he. " Are vou hurt?" " Only a little, thank you. My foot struck against a shhrp stone before I fell," replied I, glancing timidly at my rcscurei-, He was dark," tall, and etalwart-'ooking, with piercing black eyes that were, however, both kindly and merry in expression. He had handsome features, and was evidently a gentleman. I felt suddenly and fearfujly shy. It was very absurd, of course, but I had hardly ever spoken to a young man oefore, except the curate, who bad red hair and freckles. " Do you think you are able to walk?' asked the stranger. "I think so; I'll try."returned I. He helped me carefully on to my feet, and I then found that I could "walk, or rather limp along, but with difficulty. Accordingly I began to do so, without vouchsafing a word to xny companion, for I was strangely divided between shyness at finding invself in the company of a stranger and thankfulness for my recent escape from peril. "In what direction does your home lie?" asked the young man presently. " I live at Langworthv Abbey." "Indeed ! , Have I the pleasure of addressingMiss Linskill, then?" " I am Marion Linskill. Do you know the Abbey?" "Very well. I was born within a few miles of it, I am a neighbour of yours, Miss Linskill." • "I have never seen—I mean—I know scarcely any one except the people in tbe village," said I incoherently, and heartily ashamed of my school-girlish embarrassments. " It does seem strange we bave never met before, but you must have been quite a child when I left home. My name is Hugh Leicesterbrooke." , " Of the Grange?" a "Yes, my father is the owner of the Grange." I shall never forget the pleasure I felt on hearing this. The man who was walking bv my side had been the hero of my girlish dreams for months past. All the local papers, aud, indeed, all the papers in England had told of tbe brilliant d exploits of Captain Leice^terbrooke during a recent colonial war. Teara had risen to my eyes as I read how the gallant young officer, himself severely wounded, had assisted and rescued others in worse flight than himself. At last I was beginning to live my life, I told myself. I had seen and spoken to one of the fortunate personages who win fame and make history. I was silent now from sheer pleasure. My companion took me along the rough, uneven path most cnrefully, almost carrying me over the worst places, and I longed to thank him for my rescue, but words failed me. "I was sorry to hear when I came home that you had lost your mother," said he presently. . "Yes, it was a dreadful shock to me. I am expecting my uncle home from India soon tow," added I, feeling that I. should like my companion to know of the good news. "Mr. Edmund Linskill, is it not?" " Yes. Do you know him?" "I had the pleasure of meeting him several times iu India some few years ago." " I am so glad you know him. You will come and see him, will you not?' asked I impuUively, and the next moment I wished I could sink into the earth and disappear. " I shall be delighted if you will allow me to come to tho Abbey now," responded Leicesterbrooke, eagerly. " There is no reason why I should wait till your uncle returns, is there?" " No, if you like to come now," was my not vory graceful reply. "It must be dull for you at the Abbey, without any companions of your own age," observed he presently. "Yes. it is lonely," I admitted. I could not refrain from speaking frankly to him, for bis fearless yet gentle eyes seemed to invite my confidence. How I wish my mother and sister were at home—but, unfortunately, they have gone to Germany for some montha and my father is too great an invalid to come as. far as the Abbey, but as-soon as ever mother and Caroline come back tfaey shall come to see you, and, in the meantime, do you think your governess would be very angry if I called now and then?" " I—I'm sure I don't know — perhaps not!" I was more confused than ever at the eagerness with which this request was made. Ignorant of the world, a? my isolated life had made me, I felt that there might bo objections to our meeting in so informal' a manner. " Do you walk or ride much?" asked Leicesterbrooke. " I do one or the other every day. Miss Williams and I used to take very long walks, and I'm fond of it, but lately she says she is not well enough to walk far, and lets me go where I like provided I take the dogs with me. To tell tbe truth, she and my steward are engaged, and she prefers walking with him, I suppose." Leicesterbrooke laughed. " In that case, I don't see why we should not go out together sometimes, do you?" " N—no," Iadmitted, though I feared I was doing something very dreadful, or at least unconventional. Shall we go on the river to-morrow if it is fine?" suggested he boldly. " I must aek Miss Williams." "To be sure; and now, ae we are at the Abbey, may I not go in and be introduced-to Miss Williams?" I consented, and sent a servant to ask Miss Williams if she would join us in the drawingroom. She came down, arrayed in her best black silk dress and gold spectacles, evidently prepared to give me a ecolding for my unconventional conduct. The story of my recent peril, together with the presence of our gallant young neighbour,' mollified her wrath, however, and when my new friend proposed to call next day to know how I was, she graciously invited him to luncheon. Then Captain Leicesterbrooke left us, and Miss Williams sent me to bed early for the benefit of my injured foot. I was not loth to be alone with the pleasant thoughts and bright anticipations which the day's adventure had inspired. 1 lay awake half the night imagining -all kinds, of thrilling incidents in which Captain Leicesterbrooke played the role of hero. Could I have foreseen tbe far direr perils through which we were actually destined to pass, I should have been less joyous on that tranquil summer night. As it was, I lay watching the stars, scarcely conscious of pain, so busy was my fancy in happy, foolish castle-building. Presently, as day began to dawn, I was startled by hearing a step on the terrace beneath my windows. "Saxton was saying there had been a burglary at 'fee Towers. Perhajis they are going to attempt the Abbey to- night," thought!, and, rising with an effort, I went to the window, Tbe night was calm and starlit^ every object being distinctly visible. I could not see any one about. "One of the dogs has been shut out perhaps." I concluded, and was about to return to bed when I suddenly noticed a slight movement some distance along the terrace. I'felt rather shiverv a» one of the ghost stories Connected with the Abbey occurred to my .mind. What if the murdered monk went about to appear? I had nerve enough to stay and watch, however. Presently a tall figure came from behind one of the statues with which the terrace was adorned, and walked slowly along, looking tip at tbe bedroom windows the'while. At first I felt very uneasy, but what was my surprise when I discovered that the midnight wanderer was no other than Captain Leicesterbrooke, I remembered now that he had said he was going to dine and spend the night at the vicarage. This nocturnal visit to tbe Abbey argued some interest in the Abbey's mistress, I thought, and after watching at the window till I saw him slowly saunter pack towards the village, Ilav down again to dreatn 'of a future in .which Hugh Leicesterbrooke told me he loved me, and asked me to be his wife. (To be conttnued to-morrov:.] ALL RIGHTS EESERVED. 