ChaptehXLV.— As Emfty Cage. It was with many forebodings of ill that' Krink, fastening his door behind him, made J his way up the narrow staircase. As he I reached tbe bottom of the second flight an upward glinced that revealed an open door above told him the whole of hia evil ' ? tbat 'ere drinkin' bumess I' he ex claimed, with angry vehemence. 'I might ha' known wheer it 'ad lead me to 1' He want heavily np to the top and stared disconsolately around the deserted chamber. 'Gone I' he said. 'Gone ! Theer's no dead man lives 'ere now 1 He's departed, that's what he's done! Given me the slip arter all my vigilance. This is sleepless nights and laborious days wi' vengence ! Whisky decanterin' is the rooina lion of every thin'. Oh. Krink ! Bold Krink ! You are a fool an' no mistake !' There was a seat just inside the room, and he sank hopelessly into it. ?' ? Tbe vacant cheer,' ' he muttered. ** A shall meet an* we shall miss 'im ' ; yes, we shall ever so much. A. dean job an' no mistake, * Tek ap thy bed an' walk.' Jaat what yon might erpec* on him. He knows when he's all right. He stops till he redy thinks I'm a. coin1 to hang him or hurt Him, an' then, when, I walks roan* &£∈ he's gone an* left no address. That's John Treason style to a r. He's what they call a 'parst marster.' Oh, yes, ail tbat and bushels besides !' He gazed all around tbe place, bat could eee no traces of any violence having been used either to the door or window, and this added to his mystification as to how the escape had been effected. Patting bis bands to rds head be endeavoured to recall clearly the events of the previous night, bnt his memory was quite a blank from the time he had succeeded ia finding the required piece of rope until Scrib's knocking a little time ago. _ ' I wonder now if it's any use follerin' him,' he continued, turning from the problem as to bow tbe escape bad been effected to the slight chance of recapture. '* I'm afraid it 'ad be no go if I did. He's safe in the arms of a p'leecman hours sin', an* a pretty yarn he's spun 'em I'll be troun'. Oh, these dead men ! They aay as one live fellar b wntb a dczen dead uns any day, bat I wonder whether be is or not ! They're just ignorant foots as sez that. Let 'em hive to do wi' one of 'em an' they'll soon find out wheer the thimbleriggin' conies in. Won't they just I Ah V7 His eyes suddenly fell npon the beys in tbe old chest, 'Oh ? That's the game, eh? Must ha' bin two on \m at it, for I distinctly remembers havin* them keys ia my hand when I were lookiu' fer that 'ere rope. This complicates the inquiry a considerable deaL Somebody's bin in this room an' left the door open. Trenson ain't gone up the chimley, nor throdgb the tiles, nor the window, as I used to fear he would do ; he's h\d a 'complice an' bas confined bis part to the walkin' gentleman bizness. I moat see tbe kiddy about this. He hadn't a quart of whisky larst night, not him ; he may know snmmat.' With a lost look around and another savage outburst at bis negligence, the old foOow be took hi niself t o Scrib's q uarterj. Bis inquiries soon elicited all the lad knew in regard to the matter. He listened with impotent rsge to tbe account of tbe noises at midnight. ' Some thieving devil's got in, that's ouite plain. Must ha* bin Calvert, my lad. He'a bin one too many for as after alL The on'y thing I carn't understand is how be got in. PVaps I went to the door in the middle or that spree of mine an' forgot to lock it again. Bat it's & camion if I did, for I believe I was alias more careful when I was drank than when I was sober.1' Then for the first time there came to Scrib the conviction that his ova thonght'esBnese hid led to tbe misfortune. Daring bis absence on the previous night the^door had been left unfastened for some time, and if Calvert was really tbe culprit he bad been afforded as good an opportunity of entering the place quietly as could be desired. The boy fdt very guilty, bnt lie was too much afraid to say anything to Kink in regard to it, and the latter continued to blame himself for the disaster in the strongest terms. When at last he became silent again, Scrib related what was to bim the still stranger circumstance of Johu Trenscn'e departure. 'It beats me who he coald be, Krink. He was eo tall, and bis hair was ever to white. You never seed nothln' like tbe motions he -nade. I was dreadfully frightened. He looked like a ghosr. Do you thinn there ia any ghosts, Krink **' ??Think!' was the excited reply. 'I don't think at all, I'm sure on it ! The man you seed was the gbost of a fellow as bas bin' deid more'n a twelvemonth. It was the ghost of old Johu Treason 1' The boy's eyes widened, and his face grew veiy grave. ** Is that true? Or are you trying to frighten me ?' he inquired. ' True as gospel, my lad,' was the reply. The murder was out. With the escipe of his prisoner all need for secrecy with the boy was at an end, and into his astonished ears the old man poured forth the whole story. '\on eee it'e a very serious case ' he concluded. ' Wot they'll call it at the Town Hall yonder goodness oo'y knows bnt von kin bet ii?g sume very nasiv nam«* an the on'y question is what can be done.' ' 'The best thing loan think on,' responded Scrib after a long interval of silence. ' is to try an git hold on him again, if you can. Not to hart him, yoa know, Krink, cos he looked eo pitiful, but jast to keep him safe until we could let master Abuer know all about ir. He'll have io know now, I espeC' » \-- *^?'V^rOaned Krink- 'Igncsshe will, for if Bill Calvert really was the man as cot iu here Uc&t; ni^ht he'll ha' seen 'im an1 will tell evcrythine.' At this 'point the conference was suddenly interrupted by a loud double-knock at the front door. ' The bobUes f cried Krink in dismav ' I'll bet ten io one it's them. He ain't bin long, my lad, iu offerin' 'em valleyable information. You'll see nnw bow ? pitiful* her ie— mind if yoa don't. It's all np an' no* mistake.' Another knock. Scrib rose to answer it, bat his friend stopped him. ?'Tek yoar time, my Ud ; let's see who ib is first T You'll git s. good view on 'em from the front room in the old wing, rna an' see.' He went and came back directly. *? Two bobbies an' one feller as lookB like * **I koowed. I'm a prophet every time* Well, 'ere goes 1 They carn't on'y hang me fer it.' With which remark he walked leisurely to tbe entrance. ' Moram', gen'lemen,' he said, opening the door juBt as a third knocking nas being made. '* You're a very impatient lot, I think. Your friends ain't mnch comfort n'l**gy they're early risers.' ' Why, Mr. Krink, it'a ten o'dock ; oearfy time to go to bed again.' The speaker was the police sergeant to whom A492 had made his report, and as his tone was cheery and friendly the listener's mind was at once put in an easier state. ' What may you be a wantin', sergeant?' ' Well, we're seekin' a dead man, or rather we suspect we are.' 'A— a dead man?' faltered Krink, all bis fears returning* ' Yes. This officer,' nodding to A 492; 'heard the door of your place dose with s» lond bang some time after twdve o'dock lass night, and directly after taw a man running: up the Dam Road towards him. Before reaching him, however, the fellow turned off and went across tbe moor, and, we believe, he got into & pond there and was drowned. Do- you know of anyone leaving the place ?' ** I know there was someone here larst sSgfat as had no rights to be here, bnt — but — well, the fact is I gob rayther too much whisky, an' consequently was pretty sound asleep. I never heerd nob'dy. What aort'o a fellow was the man, orficer ?' ' 3tiSUh built an' about five foot eight. He wore a round jacket an' a cap. I noticed,, too, as he'd a mighty lot o' black whiskers.' tcrib had crept quietly down the ball andx stood now close by Krink in the doorway.. At this description their eyes met, and there: was the same expression in each. ?? It's hup. my hid.' ?* I believe it ia.' ' I rayther think I could name'him.aatwfee an' gacsa Queen Victoria the fust lime.' ' Well, we're going to drag for Um. Will yoa come ? You ****} give ns any sjiQtioiihirs afterwards.' *' I don't mind if 1 dc,' was th*-aeply. ** It yon'U go 'long I'll follow yon in a few minutes. I fancy I know the place well.' 'All right, beas quick as you can.' The party set off, and with serions faces. Krink and the boy went back to their in terrupted conference. 