Dr. Crane's Pastoral Letter. The following Pastoral Letter by the Moat Ray Dr Grano, O.S.A , Bishop of Sandhurst, was read on Sunday at St Mary's R. C. Church, and at the various Roman Catholic Churches In the diocese of Sandhurst: DEARLY Bkloved.- During Lent the Church exhorts her children to devote them selves earnestly to tho sanotificntion of their souls. She encourages them to face the difficulties they may meet by bringing under tholr notice the example of her Divine Founder. After reminding tliem, by the significant ceremony of Ash Wednesday, of tho near approach of Death, She leads them into the desert that they may be witnesses of tho long and rigorous fast by whioh a loving Saviour would teach them the manner in which to prepare for tho more serious respon sibilities of life, and to combat successfully the ovil one. If we wish to come out victor ions in the conflict with the onemy of our BaWation, we must, after the example of oar Divine Model, strengthen the spirit by keep ing the flesh in subjection. In other words, wo must pray, fast, and practice the various works of mortification recommended at this holy time. If we fall, as unfortunately many do, it is consoling to know that our Blessed Lord has established, in the Sacrament of > Penance, an easy moans of regaining His friendship. The Church, to induce her children to have recourse to this Sacrament, commands them, in very urgent terms, to go to Confession within the Easter time. That you may understand the dignity of this Sacrament, I shall point out: lBt, that Christ left power in His Church to forgive sin j 2nd, that Confession is a Divine institution ; and, finally, I shall direct your attention to tho dispositions with which you should ap proach the sacred tribunal. Tho Sacrament of Penance, as instituted by Jesus Christ, did not, it is true, exist in \ , the Old Law, yet, even under the Jewish dispensation, this Sacrament was fore shadowed and men sought reconciliation with tho Lord their God by Confession to the Prisofc who offered Sacrifice in atonement for their Sins. To bo convinced of this truth you have only to open tho hook of Levitioua and you will find mention of this practice on almost every poge. I shall give only ono ex tract bearing on this point from this inspired book: "And they shall bo afflicted for thB Bins of their fathers and their own until they confess their iniquities" (Cn. xxvi 39-40) HorotheJewa are told that to be delivered from their afflictions they mUBt oonfess their 6ins. In the book of PROVERBS XXVJII. 13, we road ; " He that hidath his sins shall not P'oapor, but he that shall oonfess and forsoke thom shall obtain mercy." It is not to bo wondered jit then that when John, the foro rimner of our Blessed Lord, camo preaching Penance, Jerusalem and all tho country round went out to hear Tiim, were baptised in the Jordan, confessing their sins to John, who was of tho priestly family. This practice of Confession which existed, as wo havo seen, nndor the Jewish dispensation was raised by Jeius Christ to tho dignity of a Saorament. All Christians who believe in tho Bible must admit that the Saviour of tho world loft to Hia Church the power of the keys, that is, tho power of loosing and binding, of forgiving and retaining sin. Before His death He had ptomised that He would give His Apostles tho power of forgiving and retaining sins. And I say to you whatever you shall bind Upon onrth shall bo bound also in heaven, wd whatsoever you shall loo«e upon earth shrill be loosed also in henveo" (Ma^tb xviii. 18). The powor Ho then promised He actu ally conferred after His resurrection. Wo road, in tho Gospel according to ST JOHN XX W, that Christ appeared to Hie Apostles as sembled in a room with closed doors, and, showing them His hands and Ride, eaid to them, "Peace bo to you Ho repeats for a second time this same salutr.tion, " Peace he ^ you," giving the Apostles thereby to understand, as was His wont, that Ho was aboufcfco make an important announcement t "As tho Fnthor hath flenfc mo I also *end you." By thpsu words He wishes it to bo understand that tlio power which He, as visible head of tho Church, had exercised, Ho now, Joaving tho world, bequeaths to His Apoatles. No one ;willd»*ny thalOhrUt had, and exercised on earth, the power of forgiving wns. On one occasion wor.'niimbor He aaid to tho man pick with tho palsy "Son, be of Jiyod heart, thy sins are forgiven thee" (Maith. ix. 2), Some scribo* who were present wero shocked th>it Ilo shouid lay claim to tho power of forgiving *inB, and said within themselves, " this man blABphometh." Our Blessed Lord, instead of pointing out that thoy had attached a wrong moaning to j Hia words, said : " Why do you think evil in your hearts, which is it easier to pay, thy buib aro forgiven, or to say rise up and walk, hut that you may know that tho Son of Man hath power ou earth to forgive sinstluin flaifch Ho to tho man sick of palsy : " Riso Up, take thy bed and go into thy house," and ho rose up «nd went into hi« house. Here it Uj eloar that then; ia a question of forgiving fi'n. Our Blessed Lord draws a distinction oven between this and tho power of perform ing mirnclua, and proves that He possesses both. Makes, in fact, HiB omnipotence, evidenced by tho miraolo, an argument to convince tho scribes that Ho can forgive ains. Christ had, thereforo, and exorcised tho power of forgiving sins on earth, and this Name power He now confers on Hia Apostles : 'As tho Father nonb rae so 1 sand you," Ttir r - ? 1 m 1 r and when Ho had Raid this He breathed on them and said to them : "RecoiVo yo the Holy Ghost^ whose oIdb yon flh&U; forgive, they are forgiven them, and who?o sins you ohall retain, they are retained." The exorcise of a Divine power was thus committed to the Apostles for the benefit of the whole Churoh, and, therefore, through them to their sue cosBors the Priests of God'o Church. For this end was the Holy Ghodfc given to them to enable them to perform tho sublime duty with which they were entrusted, rfeaua Christ, to whom all power ia given in heaven and on earth, who is the Head of tho Church, ".To whom tho Father hath committed all judgment" (JOHN v. 2;, wa9 free in the choice of tho manner in which He would apply His morits to sinners and admit chem to His friendship. We liave soen in the case of original sin that, in-teftd of remitting it by His direct interference, Ho instituted tho Sacrament of Baptism, and entrusted its ad ministration to men. Can He not, therefore, in like manner, attach to an external cere raony or rite tho forgiveness of actual Bins committed after Baptism j this is what Christ, the one God who jusfcifieth (ROM. i'i. 30>, the one Mediator of God and Men, has done when He instituted the Sacrament of Penance for the remission of sins, and entrusted its ad ministration to the Apostles and their suc cessors, the Prieatd of God, to the end of time. The sublime power of forgiving sin, whioh our Divino Lord conferred on the Apostles, when breathing on them He said, " whoso sins you shall forgive they are forgiven them and whoBo sins you shall retain they are re tained," implies, on tho part of Christians, the obligation of going to confession. You will remark that the Saviour of tho world, by these word*, gives His Apostles a twofold power, to forgive and retain sinB, to acquit or condemn all who approach their tribunal. In other words, He appointed thorn the judges and the physicians of the human con science to pass sontence in accordance with tho merlta of each individual case, and to prescribe the remedy which the naturo of the malady demanded. It is impossible that, this judloial function, thus entrusted to the Church, should be performed, unless tho Minister, who ib to bind and looso, to retain and forgive, has an acourato knowledge of the Crimea with which ho ds to deal. This knowledge can only be acquired by the testimony of the culprit himself, who makes known the state of his conscience by an humble and a sincere confession. The samo authority, therefore, that left to His Church the power of forgiving sins, imposed on Christians the obligation of confessing all and singular mortal sins committed after baptism, which, after duo and diligent preparation, are in tho memory ; that is to say. Sacra mental confession is of Divine institution and necessary for the salvation of all who have forfeited the Divine friendship. From this it follows that whoever desires to obtain pardon for a grievous sin, must confess it to God's Minister in a spirit of humility and sorrow. To pretend, therefore (the words are St. Augustine's) that it is enough to confess to God alono, is making void the power of the keys given to the Church, that it is contradicting tho Gospel and making void the commission of Christ. When Con fession is impossible, an act of perfect con. trition, it. is true, serves as a means of re conciliation with God. Tho sinner to secure this happy result muat have, even then, the intention of going to Confession should the opportunity present itself. This doctrine, always upheld by the Catholic Church, is laid down by tho Council of Trent (SKSS. xtv., ch. 5) in these words : "That the Catholic Church has always understood that the entire confession of Bins was instituted by cho Lord, and is of Divine right, necessary for all who havo fallen after baptism j because that our Lord Jesua Christ, whon about to ascend from earth to heaven, left Priests Hia own Vicars, as presidents and judgea.unto whom all the mortal crimes, into which the faithful of Christ may have fallen, should be laid op<n in order that, in accordance with the power of the keys, they may pronounce the sentence of forgiveness or retention of sins,; for it is manifest that Priescs could not have exercised this judg ment without knowledge of tho cause; neither, indeed, could they have observed equity in enjoining penalties, if the said faithful should have declared their sins in general only,and not, rather, specifically and one by one, whence it is gathered that all mortal sins of which, after a diligent ex amination of themselves they are conscious, must needs be by penitents enumerated in Confession, even though those sins be most hidden and committed only againBt the two last precepts of the Decalogue ; as these sort of sins sometimes wound the soul more griavously, and are more dangerous than those which are committed outwardly. . . . . Wherefore tho secret Sacramental Confession which was in use from the begin ning in Holy Church, and is still alio in use, has always boon commended by tho moat Holy and the most Ancient Fathers with a great and unanimous consent, the vain calumny of those is manifestly refuted, who are not ashamed to toach that-Confession is alien from tho Divine Command and is of human invontion, and that it took ita rise from the Fathors assembled in tho Council of Latoran. For tho Church did not, through tho Council of Lateran, ordain that tho faith ful of Christ should confess, a thing which they knew to be necessary, and to bo insti tuted of Divine right, but that, the precept of Confession should bo complied with, at least once a year by all and each when they havo attained to the age of discretion. We should bo for ever gratoful to a good God for having left to His Church the power of forgiving the sins of all who approach the tribunal of penance, and, by a pood Confes sion, lay open the state of their conscience to His minister. Now, what is required to enable us to make our Confession in a manner pleasing to God and profitable to ourselves V In tho first place, wo must have as accurate a knowledge or the state of our HOUI ftB circumstances permit. A careful ex amination of our conscience, which consists in a diligent search into, the faults wo have committed since our laet good Confossion, is necessary to put us in possession of this knowledge. Pious souls, who examino their conscience daily and go often to Confession, experience little difficulty in the perfor mance of this duty. They have, as a general rule, only to call to mind the faults of any one day to discover the dofeots of whioh they may bo guilty. Sinners, however, who have absented themselves from the Sacraments for a considerable time, during which they led irregular livo9, will havo to approach this cisk in a spirit of patience, with confidence in tho Divino assistance. By calling to mind the places they frequented, the company they kept, tho books thoy read, tho dangorous ocoasions to which the.v exposed themselves, tho thoughts thoy entertained, ! thoy will acquire a sufficient knowledge of the mortal khir, and tho circumstances that change their nature and charaotor, which thoy are bound to confess. Having carefully looked through the hidden folds of their conscience, thoy will throw thomsolvea on tho mercy of God who will not despise a con trite and humblo heart. Contrition, which is defined by tho Counoil of Trent as 44 a hearty sorrow for and deteata« tion of sin committed, with a firm resolution of sinning no more," is an o?sontial part of penancof and absolutely neco^Bary for tho sinner's reconciliation with God. "At all times," says the same holy Synod (SES9. XIV. 0), *. Contrition has been nocessary to obtain tho forgivoness of t-ins. It prepares him, who falls after baptiRm,to obtain his pardon, if joined with confidence in tho Divino mercy and a deairo to do all that is required to receive well tho Sacrament of Penance." This contrition includes not only tho aban donment of sin and tho beginning of a now life, but also hatred of tho past life, accord ing to tho words so frequently repeated in Scripture; " Oast far from you all your in iquities and make to yourselves a now heart and a now spirit. AgainBt Thoo alono havo I sinned and done ovil in Thy preBenco. I am wi-avy with groaning. I. will ovory night WnteS my Bed With my teara, and I will re cdunt all my yeiJra ih tli0 bitterness of my soulj" and manj' other expressions of this same kind. Condition thus understood. iB made ujj of sorrow for tho pnat and a firm purposes of amendment for the future. The penitent cannot have trtlo sorrow for,cannot hato sin, without being resolved to turn his baok on his evil ways; " Wash yourselves, (.sayn ISAIAS I. iil) be clean, take aviaf the evil of your devices froifi my eyed; ceane '.o do per versely." The great Apostle of tho Gontiles urges sinners .' to put off the old man who is corrupted, and put on the new man" (Era. iv. 22-24). Do you wish to know if you had, at your last Confession, a sincere, a firm purpuBe of amendment? Have you resisted your tempations 1 Have you avoided occa sions that proved dangerous Havo you entered on a new life in comformity with tho Divine Law ? If you can give a satis factory answer to these questions your mind may be at rest, your ConfeBaion was accept able to God. OR the other hand, tho peni tent, who, without an effort to resist, falls into a mortal sin of which he accused hitnself in the last Confession, h&B; grave reason to fear that ho has committed a saorilege, leav ing the Faored tribunal more guilty than he approached it. Liko David, the penitent shduld be able, to deolnre, " t haVe sworn and nm determined to keep the judgments of Thy jastice" (PH. . 118). Strong in his resolve to be faithful to his promises, he will brave every danger,face every difficulty, in a word, make any sacrifice rather than lose again the Divine friendship. The Church, dearly beloved, invitoa ua, during Lent, to take our place at the foot of the Oroffl. Raise your eyes to the victim who is offering himself in satisfaction for man's ingratitude. Contemplate his torn flesh, his thorn- browhed head;, the wounda of hia hands, feet and side. Listen to tho words of love and mercy He speaks from the height of the cross. How many motivea to excito us to repontance tor tho misspent past. Wo conspired with tho Jews to bring Jesus to death. Ho was scourged at the pillar, crowned with thorns, and nailed to tho cross on account of the sins of which wo have been guilty. " Ho waa (in tho words of Isaias III.6) wounded for inquitiea, Ho was bruised for sins, He was crucified for us forjme, for my sins, and, for the love of me, Jesus endured these fearful torments, the very thought of which makes nature shuddor. I have said, now I have begun, " I will take heed of my wayB that I sin not wiih my tongue" (Ps. 38). I shall turn my back on the ovil course I have hitherto followed, X shall confess my sinB in the sorrow of my heart and strengthen my soul with the bread of life, I promise never again to separate myself from Gnd, who is the source of my happiness and the author of every good gift. In concluaion, I would ask the Clergy of the Dioceso to say Masa and hear Con fessions daily, at hours convenient for their people. The customary devotions will be given each evening during Lent in the principal Ohurch of each Mission, Grace bo with all who love our Lord Jeaus with sincerity. "KEATIKO'S POWDKK" destroys Bugs, FleaB Motha, Beetles, and all other insects, whilst quite harmless to domestic animals. In stopped, and we could see a change for 'the octter. We kept on giving tho syrup, and in two weeks Annie was as well as ever, and fust getting bacli her flesh. Since t at time-now four years ago-she has never been ill. We rare. Then, too, I had attacks of spasms,which gave me intense pain. I got about my work mowly and in much distress, and greJJ gradually weaker and more despondent M 3Xterminating Beetles the succesB of this posi dor is extraordinary. It is perfectly clean n application. See the artiole you pnrohase in Keatinss's," as imitations are noxious nea neffectual. Sold in tins, Gd, Is, and 2a 6d each all chemists. 40B 