FICTION. A STRANGE WIFE'S SACRIFICE. CHAPTER VII. Evk hurried with me to the town. For nil tho thrilling orlcs wo found con fusion on every hand. The calls to action and tire resonant tumult that sounded so Inspiring on tho hill-slopo wero really the production of comparatively fow men, who wero alivo to the danger which thrcntoucd the Stnto. Tho feasting had been too long nuddeep far a general awakening, oven in 'ho faco of threatened wholesale destruction. Tho spirit of tho endungored pcoplo was benumbed and besotted. Hundreds lay in tho streets in oxtrcme stupor. Death, it was plain, would reap a huge drunken harvest before tho dawn. Evo ran with mo to tho spot where tbo sanest group was arming and mustering round tbo sorrowing Patriarch. " Patriarch," sho snid, in a joyous excite- mont, " only to-night wo were married beforo you. Bo full of ohccr. Danger is diro round our doors, but as ovor in the old days, wo will beat iho Chineao onemy to his bordors." " Traitress I" hissed a boareo volco. " Hero is my husband," she cried, making no note or heed of tho interruption. " Ho is tho straugc Prophet mentioned in our wiso books who weds a daughter of our race, lights by her side, nnd saves the nation when its doom looks blackest." Two sorts of looks nnswered hers from tbo crowd— one was wonuenng, tuo otner scowl ing and incredulous. I seized a spear from tho hnnd of ono beside mo whoso scowl wnsof tbo darkest. Standing by Evo, I addressed tho Patriarch. " Father, hear you that I speak your own tongue. I bavo wodded yourdenrcst daughter. My heart's land is tho land of tho Miao-txe. Let mc go forth with you aud bent back your foes. Even now there is wailing on tho hills at our delay. When wo hnvo crushed tho invader, then will 1 meet in combat lilin that dares call mo an enemy or my wifo a traitress." Tbo Patriaroh, I believed, had scarcely hoard my words ; but he was In tears when I finished. Tho crowd thought my speech had moved blm, but I know that ho was thinking chiefly of tho oruoial fortunes of his peoptc. Luckily, tbo crowd gavo mo the credit of tho change. 44 Yob, my son," said tho Patriarch, kindly but absently, " wo will flret fight our foes." Tho pcoplo obcered. Meanwhile, others wero rising to their feet, nnd stupidly and drowsily looking round them. Evo was turn ing hero, thcro, and everywhere, stirring the sleepers, exhorting tho seml-nwake, and urging nil to arise for tho sake ol tuo penned land of tho Miao-tse. I followed in her wnkc, fired with a flcroo frenzy ; others, excited by our efforts, ohiracd in, and tho town had at last arisen. Thon ensued nn extraordinary scene— ono that haunts my memory like a ghoBt; and somollmes Btnrtlos mo oven yet. Tho pcoplo wcro gathering from ovcry side, arming, aud heading with us for tho hills; but I bud seen that oven yot their hearts bent with no burning ardour of battlo. They wcro sleepy soldiers going forth. But the winds had risou high. Tho trees had begun to sway and sway in tho blast. Tho awful baskets of tho don<l lurched hithor and thither. Tho wind whistled and moaned. By tho trees, and tho squares, and tha slopos everywhere they sccmcu to rave. The trees raved with them. Tho baskots, as they swayed, appeared to rave too. Tho Miao-tse wero soou struck by tho shrill music. As they swept up tho slopes with mo and Evo thoy looked nt tho lurching trees with nwe-touched oyes. They leaped and groaned. Thoy oricd that their dead were calling them ; aud, truth to toll, in that night of blasts and wrath it required no very vivid lauey to hear ecrlo tongues in the trees. - - _ I confess my own fancy was cheated. Ah I hurried under tree after trco I leaped nervously, as if I could sco clammy hunds stretching foith to grasp ine. As for the Miao-tse, I heard bold moo positively shriek as a tree swayed above them. Evoryouo, even tho moBt senseless hitherto, was now Gtartlingly awake. No human being could remain in unstirred stupor amid that seeming pandemonium and revel of tho dead, nnd tho torturing babel of earthly tongues wbloh no- componied it. Ami now tho Miao-tso fairly raced to the hills to meet tho advancing foe. If the world's last night had come, and the last forlorn man was being chased down a weird height by nil tbe ghosts of tho icons, ho cnuid not dnsh more desperately into void and dark than did thoAo agitated tribes. Mortal danger they recked a mere nothing compared with that heavou- fllilngfury of tho dead. They clambered on tho slopes, thoy swept into tho yawning mouth of a defile. Th«y imiuij ul'uu mi inu now rcircaung sparse guards of the passes. They leaped upon Arc and steel. Tho mountain-lands full soon were a new pandemonium of bate and bnvoo, of stroke and counter-stroke, of slaying nnd nll-but slain. Side by side I and Evo fought with our spears. Dimly though 1 could sec in the night and the battle fever, I knew that we were hopelessly outnumbered. Yet the front force of the Chinese was reeling under the shock of tbo frenzied defenders of tbo Mino- tse. Theso men would slay or die ; they would not retreat. ThcycouM not, dared not. They would as soon tarn back ami confront nil the legions of Satan as the trcts which had lushed them with spoils and with wrath. Fierce was tho slaying, uniningiiud ibid hand-to-hand slaughter in the mountain gorges." Tboa 1 tbu; ffupoa struck me. I em a 1 world of phantom-figures. . . I knew no I nwoko cold and faint in a grey-dawn. The nileneo of death— myriad death— was about mo. I was lying nt the tap of the great hill amid tho profuso slain. Far below mc tho dciilo expanded, and through all the ex panse was death. Yet no; towards tho far end I dimly saw a fow figures still iighlingfiunlly, like people in a dream or on a ghostly artist's canvas. ' But soon they thoy feebly fell. They too, were dead. They had added, fow as thoy were, the crowning touch of nwo to tho appalling I looked townrds the town Tho trees of the dead were still. The town had no tnorc voice than a sepulchre. 1 crawled n little higher, and tooked round mc. 1 saw neither living friend nor foe. Death, silence, and I held tho mountain lunds. Where was Evo ? How hnd tho battle ended? What of tho new day? Vain questions, forwhloh the dawning hour had no Answer. I staggered -in my weakness, and fell prono. Consciousness obbed ngnin. . . . The sunlight was about mo whon I woko onco more. CffAl'teit yiii. Death aud dcsolntion held tho land. In tho mountain gorgo the dead Chineso aud their enemies Iny huddled together;. on the slopes to the Miao-tso town, corpses woro grim and plentiful ; under tbo trees of the mournful baskets they slept their ubrupt, un ending sleep. But where was tho Chineso army, or what remained of it ? And what of tho town that of life it gave no stir or sign ? Surely the two forces in that death-handed, maniacal strife in tho night had not annihilated each other. Some remnants must havo remained to lull tho tuloof tho battle. I drugged mvself awav from the horrid musters of tho dead. I crawled up- tho mountain slope, nnd flung my&olfin; a plcasnnt ciovico looking southward. I had grown be wildered, audi could not grasp tho full slgni- flnnce of the whole situation. I had little trouble on tho score of my wound. It was in no wiso serious. Ifancicd that my chief suffering had been duo to a reaction after tho extraordinary tension and excitement of tho previous tweuty four hours. I had ever had nn elastic nature and a fund of vitality, nnd after a breakfast on mountniu berries and sparkling water, I was quito pre pared to bravo n little more of life. Still, thcro was absolutely no sign of oxist- ouco from town, the glens, or tho ndjaccnt hills. Truly Dentil's angel hnd dealt master strokes in that dawn of light and vengeance. Where was Eve ? Mayhap she lay dead or wounded in tho defiled I made a long and feverish search from end to end of it. I groped vniuly among a hundred groups of fnllcn nnd stricken bodies. Sick nnd over strained, I sought tho height again, scrambled into ono of tho old cells of tbe hermits, lay down exhausted, nud dreamed of the woeful faces of dead men aud women. Dusk had come when I woko again. Death nnd silence still reigned abroad. A feeling of horror crept over mo. I felt that I could not endure a night of suspense nmongat tho ghostly slain. I must havo some glimmer of the truth nt any cost. After nnother meal of mountain berries nud water, I groped my way downwards by tho foot of the bills towards tbe town. I met no living thing in nil the noiseless streets. The glens below ware muto, I walked upward to the site of Eve's dwelling, recalling tender memories, which, though not twenty-four hours old, yet seemed rcmiui&oont; of other years and another world. rn I.Li . iuu sign uuiuuiuy wniu-uiowu asnos i Tho moon had risen when I reached tho town again, and I welcomed her friendly light, though tho pictures it revealed hardly tended to my comfort. The deserted streets and houses bore many traces of confusion, inoidental, I thought, to either pillage or hurried flight. Clothes, food, and a hundred minor nrlicles of varied property I sighted as I proceeded. Some of tho food nnd drink was unusually nccoplablo ; gnawinghungermado meenjoy n feast ovon in that puzzling scene of desolation. I worried my brain as I ate and drank ovor the mystery of tho desertion, or whatever else it was. Had tho Chineso won n mighty victory nt length, massacred to tho last mnn and woman or carried off some coveted prisoners with the other spoils ? It was prob- nblo that both forces hnd fought to tho Inst till they proved mutually destructive. But speculation was vain. As I paced tho moonlit town of death, I was suddenly startled by despairing moans. I advanced a few hasty steps, nnd fhw a young woman bending over a man's dead body. 44 My husband 1 my husband ! my hus band I" she moaned, 44 you are dead, but your amy uul iiuii ruicuse, ior none is ncro to wed mc. And you must watch, you must watch, though yoti would fain be away with our blosscd ancestors " Shohcnrd my stop, and turned. She gazed at mo for a fow moments, and then rushed towards inc llko ono distraught. " Wo are tho last ! Wo are the last!" sho oried, wildly, "All clso are gone. My hus- bnud died hero while tho others fought on the hill. His spirit linds no rcleaso, for I am un- wedded. You will wed rao." There she stood, pleading and picturcsquo in her stormy grief. Tho ono living woman in a wilderness of death, sobbing out hercntreaty that tha last man should marry her— how strangely tho thought must effect the reader trained and grown amid western associations. Yet ovon then I could not help being touched by the knowledge that there was no grodsiie3s in the intousity of her woo. Bound and swayed by an amazing tradition, tho snapping of mere earthly ties brought her no grief, or, if so, tho grief was lost in tho for greater one aroused by tho thought of the spirit which sho believed to be still in bondage, and destiucd to remain ho, nnd npnrt from uajilliuu iuai uuu gtory until another earthly protector took it's human counterpart's place. # I tried to turn her mind from this one in sistent thought, nnd to obtain from her somo tidings of how the tight had fared, aud wbv tho town was abandoned. Sho answered mohurrledlynnd impatiently, as if tho matter were of minor consequence at- that juncture. " I know littlo," sho said. " I was hero with my dying husband. I only heard that the slaughter on tho hill was terrific, that one of our women who hnd married a strange whlto mnn led on and urged on our lighters to tho last. Whon tho Chineso were beaten off there were few left on either aide. Our Jew gathered up their goods and went far in land, whero the rest of tho country is up and arming. Tliev aro ready for tho new Chineso force that I hoar is swarming nround 'our mountains." "And that great woman-leader of whom you speak-did she survive?" I asked, the while there was a tremor in my voico. i ii,7 " ,,uu, tu uur stronghold, with most of the survivors. Two or three searched, or, at least, were searching ail the day for her white husband's body." "11a ! This is news," I thought. Aloud I aula : 44 So tho white mnn also fell." " So it Is thought," sho replied, but n little impatiently, as if she wished to be done with a more or lest irrerevant subject. ' If he is dead, thoy want his body; if they titui him alive amongst tho wounded they will murder hitu." CHAPTER IX. The three torches stopped at a point not far iu front of us. , 4 no must be dead upon the hills," said one 44 But think how well wc searched among! the wounded in the defile to-dnv," said another — — . " J I blessed my stars that at thi time of their i searching I was sleeping— I must havo been —in tho old-tlmo hermit's cave. » 44 Something tells tnc he can scarcely have escaped," wild a third, whose volco T re cognised as that of my enemy, Grnss'-tipcar. How ironical seemed the name, applied to a character ho desperate t " Then why not go to your love and assure her of the white man's death ?" asked one of the comrades. 44 Then she will wed you." 44 Never," exclaimed Gmss-Spewr. 41 Sho vowed when we bore heruway in tho flight of this morning that alio would. never marry mo. She refused to bcliovo'lior white husband was dead. Nothing will convince her ho is gono until she sees his dead body. And," ho oricd with a sudden blood- thirsty grimncss, 44 1 shall hunt the World until 1 am able to tako her that body, maimed, and dead." He stamped on tho ground and waved his torch in his passion. During this talk they hnd been peering about thorn curiously and anxiously. 44 You snid you heard a voice," said Grass- Spear. " You were mistaken, I think. Thcro is no sign of anythiug but trees aud dead bodies." \- 44 1 was nearly suro that tho oyos of my ancestors looked down on me in tho battlo that 1 heard the voico of a man," said ho who was addressed. Grass- Spear laid aside his torch aud flung himself on tho ground. " I am tired of tho vnio searching," ho ex claimed, querulously. 44 Why do not my ancestors, whose names I havo blessed, and whoso hones I havo washed, put mo on the track of his body ? Then I would go and olnlm my love. My lovo I My lovo I My love 1" he oricd, in piteous passion. 44 Sweet has sho been to mo as the green grasses in tbo ojo nnd light of tho high suu. Ah, these grasses, when I wovo them, told mo seorcts of tho day when she would be mino." Tho womnn hnd recovered from her swoon. Sho grasped my arms nervously. 44 Whon you took mo in your arms joy over powered mo," who murmured, 44 for I knew you meant 10 marry mo." i groancu in spirit. 44 Ha ! I hear voiees 1 Come, my love, I sco forma of Uio Miao-tso. Who are they? Are thoy tho whlto man's pursuers? Thoy will sec us married." "Hush! Mush !" I said nervously. "They must not hear its." 44 Why must they not hear us ?" she asked curiously; and then hor oyos peered search- ingly into my faco. At that moment Grass-Spear censed his rhapsody aud started up. 44 Now I bclkvo I heard a voice," ho snid, excitedly; 44 if it was not human, then tho dead in the Iroos are oryiag. Well thoy may for all the losses of Miao-tso to-day." 44 Hush," I whispered to tho womnn, 41 spefik no word, or you and I nrelostfor over. Gome silently out of this place of danger." She caught my hand' nud wont with mo without a word. Wo made a detour in tho dim night, and I began to hope that wo had got beyond tho dangerous vicinity of Grass-Spear and his friends. Tho moon shone out again, and all at once I noticed that tho woman's eye3 were drooping and lauguid— an unnceountnblo weariness upon her. Sho staggered and almost foil. Sho told mo sho had not oaten sinoo tho previous night. Tho sorrow of tho day had rendered her oblivious of suoh wants; I had been careful to tako some food and wiuo with mc after my lato feast, aud I soon revived her with these. But she was still weak and sickly, and clung to mo nervously. "She wilt surely die," 1 thought, 44 if left alone and unteiided in Ibis desert of horror. Sho is young, tender-natured, and deserves a lovely life. But I heartily wish sho had falleu into other caro than mine." Sho interrupted my musings. 44 1 know why you hurried nwnr." sho said. gently. 44 You aro tho disguised white man." I scarcely knew what to say. " 44 Do not fenr. I will not betray you to your bitter pursuers. You havo boon kind to mo. I know you cannot marry mo," sho went on in a weal: voico, 41 but I fool I shall soon die, and my husbnnd will'oot havo long to wait." Thun she shuddered. 44 You— you - you will stay with mo till I die?" sho asked piteously. 44 1 would bo sad hero amongst tho dead. And I fear my hus- band's spirit would cotno and upbraid mo for not finding another husband and allowing him his release. Yon will stay with mo," sho implored, " tho night and the dead are lonely." I snid I would stay. Sho dosed her oyes wearily, but contentedly. I helped her to one of the deserted bamboo structures. She staggered to a couoh in the first npnrt incut, and lay still. She sighed wearily, and folded hor hands on her jjreast. " I truBt you and know you will not depart till lain dead," she murmured. Her despair touched me. I walked up and down, silently, musefully, discontentedly. I reviewed mv sttuntinn. Tt u-na ninlnlo porilous. A foo thirsted for my life. Two desperate comrades wcro in his service. Thoro was no ohnncc for mo if they crossed my path, and I know that they would search for mo to tho hitter end. Thon, as I hnd heard, tho passes and tho outposts of the country woro jealously watched. Tho Chinese woro in force on the frontier, and tho luckless individual seeking to go in or out would he murdered as a spy by ono sido or tho oilier neither party I felt suro would trust mo as a friend. If I fell to the Mino-tso thoy would see through my dis guise and dovour mo iu their rngo ; if 1 fell into Chineso hands thoy would never credit my story. On tho other hand, my going to tho Miao- tso stronghold to seokKvo would bo madness. I would bo caught aud slain before half tho journey was ovor. As to Eve, I reasoned long and bitterly with myself. The spell of hor dark, sweet beauty held mo prisoner— but was it not for the best that I should assort my sano self, and seek my own proper world ? Was not my devotion to her n swift, mad dream ? I, a white mnn, my sphere elsewhere ? Tho spell of. her beauty was strong, bewitch- ingly strong. My reasooing led rae nowhere. I groaned in agitation and unrest. to be continued. 