SOMETHING LIKE A GHOST STORY. Mr. J- Temple Leader furnished a ghost story, founded on fact, with himself as one of the only two personages in it. _ A short time since Mr. Leader sent a copy of it to the Arcti bishop of York, and the story is summarised as follows in the London Dnily Nexes : The adventure happened a quarter oi a century ago. Mr. Leader was at the time on a visit to his friend the late Marquis Strozzi, at the Castle of San Donato, near Florence. There he first heard tlio story of the discovery of a youth's skeleton, or rather " parched-up mummy," immured in the wall of the castle. " On the head was a broad-brimmed felt hat, like that in the well-known picture of King Charles L of England. One of the work men took the hat and wore it till it was worn out." But this is not an essential detail. There was a tradition two centuries old of a lover surprised by a jealous' husband, a Strozzi. The reader will guess- the rest. Mr. Leader was cautioned not to mention the sub ject in the marquis's presence. The next stage in the story is Mr. Leader's examination in a dusty old disused room of an old picture turned with its face to the wall. The name and date were erased. It was a picture of a beautiful young woman in seventeenth century costume—full length, of distinguished figure, and with singularly bright and expres sive eyes. '' Round the fair graceful neck was a very thin silk or plaited hair chain, support ing a'very small medallion of a reddish color. When I called the Marchese's attention to it he looked at with an embarassed air, remarked that it was probably a fancy portrait of some stranger, and. immediately turned it to the wall." Now for the third stage._ From the picture rooms, Mr. Leader, being an en thusiast for books rare and old, took with him a numberof -such volumes to bis bed room. Anengraving in one. of : the books sickened him with its scene of a fiendish atrocity perpetrated by an Oriental upon his wife. Reading the story of this crime in his solitary room in the dead _ of night, Mr. Leader's mind, roused into curiosity by the previous incidents, and now- shocked, was, we may. suppose, approaching what the scientific folk wlio make such short work of i ghosts call an abnormal state. However that may have been, while Mr. Leader was "think ing over the tortures of' the victim," he was surprised by a very slight sound as of rustling silk. " Looking up from my book," he says,i " I distinctly,saw a female, figure in a white dress slowly'gliding round the room, feeling the wall with her hands, as. if searching for some particular." At first he imagined that somebody was playing- a practical joke upon him. Then he recollected that he already had, "according to iny custom," carefully examined the room, and found no outlet or inlet except the single door,* which he had locked. ".The only suspicious- looking objects were two great •cupboards let into the wall. Then,-I confess it, there came over me that peculiar sensation called creeping of the flesh. I felt my hair standing on end, and my voice stuck in my throat. .. I tried to speak, and could not. At last I moved. At that moment the figure turned towards me, and I saw at once the image of-the portrait in the old room ; the same white figured silk dress, and the strange bright eyes with a feverish: and melancholy expression. I started to my feet, and in so doing overturned and extinguished the candles. There was the figure, which appeared to move in a light of its own—a' sort of halo, as it seemed to me. ■ Slowly it left the wall, and disappeared in the bed—a great bed of the seventeenth century, with a carved1 walnut wood canopy and red damask silk hangings." Then Mr. Leader must have fallen, into. a trance or a deep sleep—"so deep that I was only wakened by a loud knocking at^ my door. As I -was-dressing I saw something on the floor; it was a little medallion—a garnet or very red amethyst, or a carbuncle or a ruby, I cannot say positively which—within a very thin gold setting and-a very small chain, either of silk or plaited hair, with a tiny gold clasp." When the medallion was handed to the mar quis he looked at it, says Mr. Leader, curiously and nervously, turning .very'pale. He re turned it to Mr. Leader, remarking that it must have fallen out of one of the books and request ing him to keep it. According to Mr. Leader'a account, the medallion was the original of the neck ornament painted in the picture. It would • be curious vto know whether the immured' skeleton was found in one of the walls of Mr. Leader's bedroom. Mr. Leader writes :— "I make no attempt a,t explanation. A quarter of a century or more has elapsed since that night. .The vision haunts me to this day. Often at night I seem to be in that old bed with the apparition looking steadfastly at rue with radiant eyes, and I wake with a start' and in a fever, to wonder at the mysteries which perplex human reason." Many years , have passed since Mr. Leader penned the fore going. for the perusal of a lady - friend., The pathological pundits would feel much less per plexed over the above tale than Mr. Leader. But it is a first-rate ghost story. 