A GREAT WRONG; OB, THE MYSTERY OF BLIOA HOLLOW GRANGE. CHAPTER YIII.-- Coarrzrn. The door of the chamber opened and Clo tilde entered. 1cr young lady started up with an exclamation of delight. "Ah, Clotilde, my mesengr has returned; have you brought me a latter " "No, miss, not a letter, snly a card. Sir Harry Treshom is in the Blue Drawing-room, and begs that you will honor him with an interview." Miss Trevethon bit her pretty lip in bitter disappointment. "How many of them are there, Clotilds, thatbeg to be hnorec l! she cried, pbtnlantly. "It was Sir Hartwell vesterday, it is Sir Harry to-day, an I no doubt there will be Sir Somebody else to.morrow I Why didn't you sayIwas ene'i;e t?' Clotil.e iuo.ked op at her imperious and beaotiful mistress with imp oring eys. "I wish you could fancy one of them, Miss Lenore," ohs said, wistfully; "it might be better for you I" "So it might, Clotil!d, but I can't do it, and I wish they woaldn't bother me. I most go down, I suppose, or we'll have Sir Harry back again to-morrow. Watch forthe messenger, and take charge of any letters that come." And the young lady swept out and down the stairs to meet her titled lover. He met her almost at the door of the draw ing.room, a handsome gentleman, and one of the best matches of the season. "Miss Trevethon," be said, when the com. pliments of the day hadbeen passed. " Yo know why I am here, no doubt, before I tell you II am ordered off to Belgium, and must leave England in a few days, I barecome for my final answer." "Sir Harry, I tbhoght you had already re. ceived itl" smiled Mis Trevethon. The smile encouraged the ardent suitor, and he made bold to clasp the hand he coveted. bat ahe drew it away. "Ah, Miss Trevethon," be sighed, "do sot trifle with me. You would not if you could read my beart." "I have no wish to trifle with you, Sir Harry. I gave you my answer a week "?But I comesa in, hboping you may revok your decision." "Icannot l" " iss Trevetbon, may I ask whyl I have heard that the marriage enjoined by youn late father's will is repugnant to you." "You bare heard rightly, Sir Harry. It will never be formally solemnised bya legal core mony." ' Then, will you not snffer me to hope, Miss Trevethon " She looked up into his eager, impassioned face. " Sir Harry, do you know that by refusing to marry my cousin, I lose all my father's heritage I" she asked. The young nobleman bowed. "And yet youn ask me to be your wife " "I do, indeed. It is your peerle self I want, Miss Trevethon; my own wealth is ample." She smiled softly, and her eyes filled with tears. "Despite the mystery which hangs overmy poor father's name, you would give his daughter the honor of bearing your own I" she murmured. " Oh, Miss Trevethon, is it possible that I understand you? Is there indeed hope for me?" cried the young man, flushing with eager delight. She waved her fair hand with a gesture not tobe misunderstood. "Nay, Sir Harry; I really wish I could re ward your generous love, but it cannot be You see this tiny circle," and she drew from her bosom the golden chain from which the little marriage riage rihunhung ;" it is a symbol of the bondage which I dare not break, which I would not if I could." " Then you intend to marry your cousin, Hiss Trevethon l" "No, I shall never become Richmond Trevethon's wife; but at the tame time, I maost consider forever sacred the cere mony which my father witnessed and sanc tioned." " Why, Miss Trevethon, you cannot mean that you will never marry I" She bowed her queenly head. "Sir Harry I shall never marry. Since I cannot take the hesband of my father's choos ing, I will have no other." HIe began an impatient remonstrance, but she cut him short. "Spare yourself the pain and me the hearing, Sir Harry, since your words are wasted. I repeat, I wish I could reward your generous love, but friendship is all I have to give." And thus they parted as Miss Trerethon and half a score of her suitors had parted bc' fore. 'That is over," she sighed,asshe reascended the stairs. "I wonder if my heart is ice, that none of them has power to move me I I hate my chains, and yet I would not break them if I could." Her guardian confronted her as she was passing the library door. "Ah, Lenore, my dear, I was on the pcint of sending for you. Come in; I have some thing to show you." She followed him in silence through the stately library, and into the cedar boudoir beyond. " You have had a visitor, my dear I" he re. marked, as he led her to a seat and proceeded to draw aside the curtains. "Yes-Sir Harry Tresham," replied Lenore, indifferently. "Yes, yes; I forgot to tell you to expect him. He called on me yesterday with a second offer for your hand in marriage, and, of course, I referred him to you. I hope you gave the poor fellow a final answer; he's dreadfnlly in earnest, and it is creel to keep him in suspense." "I gave him a final answer, Sir Geof. frey." "Ah, that was right. You refused him, of eourse, my dear?" Miss Trevetbon's eyes began to flash, but she bit her lip, and answered, quietly: "I refused him." "I am glad of that, my dear. And now I have a little surprise for you. I have been planning it for weeks, my dear, and I trust you will be pleased. Now, look here." He drew aside the silken hangings whish separated the ceder boudoir from asmallante. room and Lenore barely suppressed a cry of surprise and admiration at the sight that greeted her eyes. The entire room was in a shimmer of silks and laces; robes of the costliest fabrics and most exquisite designs, a bridal veil that shone like boar frost, surmounted by a wreath of orange-bloom, on an inlaid table a mass of fallen stars. Sir Geofrey wathed her for an instant with eager eyes, and then continued: "You can gaues what all these fineries mean, of course ? Your bridaI trousseano, Mis Trerethon, and a more extravagant one never touched English shores. And there are your jewels, all reset and rearranged, and the queen could not wlsah a finer selection. I hope you are pleased, my dear ?" Lenore stol silent a moment from sheer amazement, then she raised her cool, calm eyes to her guardian's face. "I must give you credit for your taste in s leetion, Sir Geoffrey," she replied. "The trtoussaa could not be more elegant; but it would have been wiser to have consulted me befoLre you ordered it. You hare waited co.n siderahbie money to no purpose. " Really, now, my lore,:' the baronet re sponded, "you are the first woman I ever met who founi fault with her wedding finery lecvause it cost too much money. I fancied you would be pleased at that. However, set your mind at ease, for you can well afford theoutlay. I hare managed yourfortunewell, sad the Inconm hbaes been suf8oisnt for all the xpense I have Inurred, whilst the principal emoains intoot." The girl curled her lip in indignant scorn. "Pray, do not affect to misunderstand me, ir Geoffrey," shesaid. Yo nknor my mean. ing well. I donot object to theoutlay. There was no need to order the trouEseau, forI shall never wear it." "Why, Lenore, my love, what sen you mean " "You know, sir; but you shall ba r again if you like. I mean this : that I .tave no neessd of wedding robes, because I shnal never marry." The baronet laughed good humoredly. ' Pshaw, my dear; that's all nonsense I" " I beg your parrdo. tir Geoffrey. But I am in eaenest. What I told you in the High lands I tell you haPr-I never will marry your son. It grieves ros to disobey my father's will, and I am sorry tu take the Trevethon wealth oct of your hands, Sir Geofrey, but there is go help fl it, You know me, aq ] On '2O:d June next London, as sober judges estimate, will have an army of at least 2,000,000 visitore. when I tell you that I have fully decided, you will not seek to induce me to change my mind; for it would be a mere waste of words." She arose to leave the boudoir, but her guardian faced her, a carions change coming over his smiling face. "You mean that I shall understand, then, that yon refuse to marry my son 2" "Idol" d " What if I command youa " She laughed in imperial .:orn. " If I dare disobey my dead father's gem. mand, I shall not hesitate to disobey yours, sir!" " W hat it I ogrce you ? " Her eyes laheIl defiance. "Force, Sir Geoffrey? Do you venture to use such a word 1 You cannot force me I If you presume to try, I shall resist and defy you I" "I am your guardian, and my power is r supremel Girl, you will do well to submit ; to my wishes. I hare granted you every in dulgence all your life; but you shall notc thwart me in this. Do you think I will suffer a whim of yours to make my only son a beggar, instead of being one of the wealth last baronets in England? I tell you, you salt lobey your dead father's will and marry him." "And I tell you I will not, sir," she an. f swered, fearlessly. He caught her arm, and held it with agrip I that braised the delicate flesh; his cruel eyes t glared upon her like the eyes of wild bese; his breath scorched her teeth. "You fool," he hisrol in her ear, " if yon I resist my will !will msrder yo l" " The girl tore herself free of his hand, all the dauntless blood of herrace glowing in her fair cheeks. t "You coward I "she cried, "to insult and I threaten a woman, and one of your own name. But," she adled, as she turned I towards the door, "you are nota Trevethon ; there is some mistake. You and your son are t alike; you do not come of my race, for I they were all brave and chivalrous gentle. men." He sprang at her with a cry like a growl of a panther. t "What? "he gauped. clotching at her dress. "What do you Ea t Do you dare imply that I am not a Trerethon ?" She tore her skirts free, leaving the silken I fragments In his hands. " I say you ar aa coward, sir, and your son inherits your fine qualities, she repeatel, her voice ringing like a trumpet; " and I do not I believe one drop of the Trevethon blood runs in your veins." She strode like an empres from the library, I and he stood where she left him, his face whit-, his eyes glaring. " What does she mean I " he panted. " If I thought she suspected the truth she should not live an hour." Lenore went straight to her apartments and tang for Clotilde. " I shall not dress," she said quietly. "You can have my dinner sent up. I shall be busy this evening and shall need your assistance. I want my bestclothing packedup,for Ishall leave Lyndith Hall to.morrow." "Mies Lenore I " "Yes, Clotilde, I am going. Sir Geoffrey and I have quarrelled, and I must leave Lyn dith Hall." The woman's eyes filled with tears. " My poor, dear child, where will you go?" Lenore put forth her s:im 'and and patted her attendant's pale cheek. " Don't fret, Clotilde," she said ; " I shall find a home somewhere. The little brown birds live in the hedges, and not a sparrow falls without God's notice. Are we not worth morethan many sparrows I We shall not starve or perish from cold I Of course, Clo. tilde, you will go with me I" The woman clasped her bonds with a ges ture of unutterable nain, her eyes full of a dumb misery that was terrible to see. Lenore looked at her in utter astonishment. "Why, what is the matter with you, Clo. tilde?" she cried. " For pity's sake don't wear such a face as that. You need not go with me unless you are willing. I was sure you would be, or I would not have mentioned it." "I am willing. Oh, Miss Lenore, I would follow you to the ends of the earth," the poor creature sobbed, " but-but-I dare not I" "You dare not, Clotilde l and why, pray ! lDo you fear Sir dGeoffrey? You need not look so terrified. Answer me, Why do you fear to go!" "Don't ask me, Miss Lenore I I cannot answer." The utter agony of the poor soul's manner made Miss Trervethon pity her, impatient as she was of such mystery. " Well, I will not seek an explanation," she replied," and you can remain behind. But you will assist me with the packing, I hope. I wish to leave tomorrow, and desire to get among people who have no disguises. The people in this house all wear maske, it seems to me." " Do not blame me, Miss Lenore," faltered Clotilde, as she set about her task. " Do not blame you for being so silly, Clo tilde I Well, I suppose I should not, Are there any letters for me this evening ? " In silence Clotilde bent over the trunk she was beginning to arrange. "Clotilde, did any letters come this even* ing? " repeated her young mistress." The woman made no answer. Mis Trerethon turned upon her with flash. ing eyes. " Clotilde, why is if that you do not answer my question ?" she demanded. The woman turned round, kneeling as she was, and and raised her streaming eyes. " Miss Lenore, forgive me, but I cannot answer." " You cannot answer ? " repeated the young lady, her temper rising. "Are you demented ? I tell you you shall answer me. Did any letters come? " Clotilde's ashen lips uttered no sound. "I see, I see," cried Lenore bitterly; "they did come, and you have given them into Sir Geoffrey's hands. Ah, you cannot deny it. You side with my enemy--you, Clotilde, whom I have loved since my in. fancy I I expected better things of you than to desert me in my hour of trial." "Oh, heaven I was not my cup already full to the brim ?" moaned the woman, letting her head fall forward onher arms, "Could not this have been spared me ?" "Get up," Miss Trevethon commanded. " You need not trouble with the packing; I want no traitorous services. Leave me and go to your master, Go, I command youl and never dare to come into my presence again." Without a word Clotilds arouse and crept out of the room. Lenore sank into the chair and looked out of her window on the wintry sea below, "The entire household is in league against me," she murmured, "and the sooner I go the better. I would leave at once only the night isso near. If I could have got the letterI should have nothing to regret. I am almost sure it came. Well, I'll g o to Scotland to morrow and see if I cannot ascertain. Sir Geofrey Trevethon shall be called to account for his high-hbanded measures if he has dared to intercept my private correspond. ence." Meanwhile poor Clotilde, driven from the presence of the mistress she idolised, made her noiseless way to a small amoking-room that adjoined the library. She hesitated for some minutes when she reached the door, a curious expression in her poor, worn face, and then she tapped twice or thrice. " Come in," answered a gruff voice. She turned the knon and eniered. room was a cozy little den, luoxuriously fur nished, and hung with sporting pictures of a low character. On a velvet couch, wrapped in an elegant Turkish gown, repesed the young heir of the house, Richmond Treve. thun, a cigar between his lips, and a small table, on which were a decanter of brandy and a glass, drawn up beside him. He turned as Clotilde stole in, and gave an impatient glance. "What the deuce do you want !" he de. mended, Her face was a study as she stood for an instant and looked at him, her hands pressed hard against her heart. Pain, unutterable love, and piteous despair filled her faded eyes. The young man arose, leaned on his el~k, and glared across the room. "I say, what the dence do you wsnt? Why do you stand there and gape at me like a fool? Out with youo business andtake your ghost-face out of my sight," The poor creature wirced and hebrank awap as ifa keen blade had pierced her. " Think of the tiar.e when he lay upon my heart a bleesed infnt,"she murmured, undet her breath, her yearning eyesstill fixed upor his face. The baronet's son. losing all patience caught up 'he glass from the table with r brutal oat'. " Out with your bnsiness, I say," heI thundered, "and take youTrself Ioff, Th sight o. you makes my blood run cold. I'd as so na e a corpse as your tallow face. Do It is ruomored that Her Majesty will this year confer a peerage on Mr Gladatone'sa grandson, a lad of 14. you hear me ? speak quickly or IIo las t of light into your thick skulL" "I beg your pardon, sir," she faltered, ereeping a step nearer. " I came to speak to yonu about Miss Trevethon." The young man put down the glass, and a look of interest filled hbs inflamed eyes. " Well, what of Miss Trevethon?" he de manded. "She is coming to her senses, no doubt." " She's dreadfully set against her father's will," Clotilde went on, made bold by the hope of serving the mistress she loved. " She will be miserable for life if you force her to become your wife; and yet, if she refuses, she l?e-s all her father's wealth." "Curse you I don't I know that? Is that all you have to say?' roared the hopeful heir. * If you would only bare pa'ience and hear me,'" continued C:otilde, her very hen:t in her mo,nrth, yet resolote to accompl'sh Ihr Ij.: t. "If you would only be generoe', sir, and not hold her to that marriage of her child',ood. You might refu'e to marry tiher, yon see. sir, and reluae her from all olalia tions to yon, and then she could still hod her fortune, anl I am sure she woul.l :eward you handsomely, and you would be both so much happier." "Did she send you here with that non sense ?" interrupted her hearer. SIndeed,isir, no. It occurred to me that if you refused her, instead of the refeusing you, the fortune need not pass out of her hands; and I thought--" "Take that for your impudence," cried Richmond, his face purple with rae ; ant seizing the glass again hesent it flying at the woman's head. She dslgcl it with a sapprese'l shriek of terror, and it fell with a crash at Sir Geof. frey's feet as he entered th. smokin-.roon. Seeing Clotilde his eyes took on their wild glare, and stalking up to the p;or cowering creature, he clutchel her arm with a force that extorted a cry of pain from her ashen lips. " What's this I What are you doing her l" he demanded. "YWhy, she's here to perosade me to refuse to marry it se Trevether ," put in the son, sinking back into hi reecumbent position, " and I threw the e a's at hbr. I wieh you would send her out of the house. I can't see why you want such a dough.face about you." " I can ace," the baronet replied. " I hare work for her to do. Clotilde, follow me to the library." Ehe looked at him as be uttered the com mand, and she cowered and crept after him like a beaten cur, "Hare you broken your oath? IHave you dared to tell my son t" demanded Sir Geof. frey, as he cloeed the library door. ".No, I have not broken my oath. I have not told him." The words dropped from her aahben lips in husky whispers. " It is well for you," the baronet made answer, clutching her bruised arm again L Iet me even suspect you, and you shall die a death of lingering torture I" " I have suffered that for years. Oh Heaven, will the end never come l" she moaned. tIe threw her from him with brutal force. "Silence I" be thundered. "No whimper. ing. Sit down and hear me ; I have work for you." Without a word she regained her feet, and sat down in the sent he indicated, her hands folded, her ashen face like stone. CIAPTER IX. LENORE SWALLOWS THE BAIT. The next morning Lenore sat in deep thought at her chamber window, half in. clined to send for Sir IHarry Tresham, and repudiate the marriage of her youth by ac cepting him. She felt herself alone in the world, and the sense of desolation brought tears to her eyes. She arose as the breakfast bell rang, hur. riedly dried her eyes, and went down to meet her guardian. He received her at the door of the break fast parlor with a pleasant smile and a pro. found bow. "'y dear Lenore," he began at once, "I bhae been waiting for you this hour, to beg your pardon. I am a passionate man, my dear, and my temper and my disappointment got the better of me yesterday. You will forgive me, my dear, and forget my hasty words I" The young lady bowed frigidly. "It matters little, Sir Geoffrey," she re plied, "whether I forgive or not. Your words of yesterday have changed our rela. tions for all time. I leave Lyndith Hall to. day." A curious smile was visible in the baronet's gray eyes. "Lenore, my dear child-" "I leave Lyndith Hall to-day," interrupted his ward. No word of yours, Sir Geoffrey, I can induce me to remain ; hence, I beg you will not trouble me with importunities. The I Trevethon wealth you can manage as you see fit, until it passes out of your hands. Henceforth the small income s left me by my dear mother will suffice for me; and now, if you please, I will have my break. I fast." She swept by him and into the breakfast room. " As the queen wills," smiled Sir Geoffrey, with a second bow. The baronet's son was not present. lie had left the Ilall at an early hour to ride with r the hounds from Deerhurst, a country seat not far distant ; so Miss Trevethon and her I guardian breakfasted alone. "My dear I.enore," began that worthy t gentleman, stirring his coffee," if you must leave Lyndith Ilall this morning, may I ask I where you purpose goingl" "I have not yet decided as to my destina. tion," answered Lenore, coolly," and if I had I Sir Geoffrey, I am quite sure I should not igratify your curiosity. As I told you a minute ago, your words of yesterday have I changed our relations forever. When a man (I will not say gentleman, Sir Geoffrey, for gentlemen never insult women) insults me Sonce, I make it a point to give him no chance 1 to repeat the inmignity. You insulted and threatened me yesterday, and henceforth you 1 and I arestrangers." r The baronet's face whitened and hi eyes I flashed, but he bowed again, and repeated, (To'c C?ontinoed.) 