CHAPTER XXIV. IN TIIH NIGHT TIME. "Whilst returning to the Castle, Orinna thought over what had just happened, and folt moved with a misery such as she had not suffered for months. For this conversation brought back with startling vividness the tragedy of Philip's death, the remembrance of the suspicion slio had attached to the man she loved, the recollection of the almost unen durable terrors from which she had suffered so long. Moreover, she believed that Foulsham associated her with a terrible crime. There was no mistaking his meaning. Nor were his surmises unreasonable. Ho had heard her cry out, lie had scon her hurry away that memor able night, and like all who know her, ho was aware that later on she had lost nono of the advantages that a marriage with Philip would have secured her. All that was plain; what remained obscurohvas whether Foulsham con sidered Rigel, who had profited so much by Philip's death, had connived at it, leaving her to act. This insidious doubt roused all her nervous fears afresh, and served as a theme for increased self-torture. Foulsham seemed honest; but bow long would he remain bo? Ho had taken an oath to keep silent, but would ho some day break it? If ho failed to prosper abroad would ho return to haunt her, to menace, to demand? The wonder was that others—gamekeepers or labourors, thoso who by accident or occupa tion bad been in the park that night—had not seen her. For all she know some one else had watched her, and would in time start forward to accuso her. There was really no security for her so long as life lasted ; she daily walked upon a mine that might explodo at any moment. She was lmuuted by a thousand threatening thoughts, that bewildered her until her pulse throbbed at fever pitch, and she began to experience that sickly, numbing pain that of old had frequently attacked her head. From the moment Foulsham spoke she had resolved to give him all she possessed. Rigel had settled on her a thousand a year, which •she was free to spend as she pleased. On her honeymoon her excessive generosity prevented her {rotu touching-thissum, which would still bo to her credit m full if hor father had sot borrowed from hor. fcjhe had yotsome seven, hundred pounds left/ and thiB she would hand to Foulsbam. ... Though it would lessen her/nervous dreads to tell Rigel what had taken place, yet she detorxuinod to keep it secret from him,'for she know it would distress him, and she feared he would not allow.her to.remain under suspicion ' oven at the risk of.confessing what really had happened. And' that' must never bo known, i bhe would declare herself guilty rather than allow him to Buffer, for she loved him dearer than her life. At dinner that' night she was without appetite, her pallor was noticeable, and it was i with difficulty she subdued her nervousness. J-ho party consisted of liersclf and Rigel, his aoat, and Lady George Sedgenioor. "I havo had a letter to-day," said Lady lrentham, whilst the soup was being served from that erratic creature Doctor Bicker steth, who tells mp. he has returned to town where at present there are very few of his friends, so that he doesn't quite know what to do with himself." ■ ." Why not ask him to come and stay hero?" Rigel suggested. iVWro affable to Oriana, I should much like to invito him," answered the Countess, with her winning smile. My dear aunt,"'said the hostoBB, "you know how pleased wo should be to welcome any friend of yours." .'That is most kind of you, my dear, and I will certainly ask him. . Rigel has already met linn; he is an old friend of Ladv Georgo, and I m sure - you will find liim very interesting." He is what I call decidedly breezy," re marked the society entertainer. * "And now the. question arises," Lady Irentliam said, addressing Oriana, "as to where you will put him; for though he is a bachelor—poor man—it will seem comfortless to send him away to the bachelors' quarters, where ho would have none of his species for neighbours." " Tbcro is tiie great tapestry room at tho end of the corridor," replied Oriana. .' Yes, as he has neryesof iron, I daresay ho i» f°f ob->oot s'eeping in a liauuted room." | A haunted room?" repeated Oriana, full of interest. .'I never heard it had a ghostly character," said ltigel, who strovo to conceal his serious ness under cover of a smile. " Ah, you havo yet to learn all tiio family traditions. You might as well expect an old place like this to be without ivy as to bo with out a ghost," answered Lady Trontham. "Have .you seen him?" asiccd Oriana, breathlessly, hor eyos full of eagerness. 'If I had, my dear, I should not be hero; the fright would havo killed me. When 1 was a girl I always ran past the door of the room. "You really believed in him?" Lady Georgo said 111 surprise. "I respected him as an aneicnt tradition," tho Countess answered evasively. "How delighted Mrs. Ford Ohilderbert would bo to meet him." ' }Vhy does lie haunt this room in particu lar? questioned Rigel. "Because it was there he poisoned his brother, to who3e title and estates ho suc ceeded. Rigel felt a cold thrill pass through, him, whilst Oriana held her breath, her anxiety preventing her from further questioning the Countess. " I will point out his portrait in tho gallery to-morrow,"continued Lady Trontham. "Ho looks remarkably handsome, and somewhat wicked. Perhaps it was for both reasons ho bocamo a favourite with Queon Elizabeth, and it is said that like many others lie spoilt more money on hor than ever he received from her. At all events ho was deeply in debt and was falling intodiscrcditat Court when it occurred to him that ho niight enrich himself by poison ing his elder brother, who was unmarried. The dose was given him in his beer one morn ing as ho lay in bad by the younger brother, who witii locked door listened to his agonies until tho end eauio. Ho died himself within a year, and in that same room, which grew to liavo a horrible fascination for liim, and over since he is said to haunt it. My nurse would never be persuaded that sbo bad not seen hnn. "What a long time his penance lias lasted— over three hundred years," said Lady Georgo laughing sceptically. ' ' Poor spirit! Poor spirit!" murmured Oriana,, earnestly. Rigel remained silent, and from that time to tho end of tho dinner those at table failed to regain tho unrestrained flow of their soirits. When more than onco Lady George broached some -lively subject it fell Hat and left a greater blank ; as might the sudden sound of laughter that had momentarily startled tho stilness of a vault. In the drawing-room Rigol and liis aunt played chess, Lady .George sang, and Oriana read. Tho threo women retired early, ltigel taking himself to tho library, where lie in tended to read for sotno time. Seated in a, great ohair, his feet in slippers, ho smoked in peace and read with delight chapter after chapter of a charming biography just published. Tho silence was unbroken without and within, save by the striking of tho tower clock, until a sudden piercing shriek was heard ringing through the night, ltigel, recognising Oriana's voice, was electrified with horror. Instantly ho started to his feet, but before he could roach tho door a second shriek was heard., Rushing through the hall he sprang ^ upstairs, along a corridor, and into Oriana's room. Ho was first to outer, and found her alone, wrapped in a white drossing-gown, her hair tossed like waves of flame around her shoul ders, hor eyes wild with terror, her figure crouching in a distant corner, fear expressed in every feature and in every movement. " Oriana," he called out, his heart sinking at sight of her, " what has happened?" At first she did not appear to hoar or see him; her white lips wore muttering inar ticulate words, her long fingers were twitching convulsively, hor eyes v/ero strained, as if seeking some abnormal sight. "Oriana," ho called again, his horror deepening. YVith a start she looked at and clung to him, just as hor aunt. Lady George, and a couple of maids hurriedly entered. "I liavo seen him; I liavo seen him. Lot me ltcop near you, for I fear him. Oh, Rigol, Rigel, come between us. He hatos me—I saw it iu his oyes." , " Who?" hor husband asked. "Philip. Ho was horo; he camo close to me; his breath turned me to ice. I cannot boar to soo iiini again—to see his oyes full of reproach. Save me; keep near mo; keep near mo." Rigol put his arms round her pityingly; sho was trembling from bead to foot, and her hands wore cold as marble. "You are merely nervous; you have imagined " "No, no," elio interrupted. "Ho was here* I know ho was here." • ' "My dear child," said Lady Trentham. lain to blame for having frightened you with my foolish story." Oriana looked at tho startlod, compassionate faces around her, and then said goutly, peni tently as a ehild— "Forgive 1110 for having startlod you. I could not help it, and (jrod grant ho may never como to me again. But ho was hero; I know ho was hero. " 