THE WESTERN SUBURBS. The business premises of a large number of tho shopkeepers and tradesmen in the various suburbs on the western line liavo been gaily decorated with flags, greenery, etc. The busi ness portion of the Burwood-road presented quite an attractive anooaranco. the numerous illumin- ations and other modes of decoration making up a record scene of brilliancy and color. Tho railway station in this suburb, also, was decorated in a very attractive manner. The entrance from tho subway was adorned with many-colored flags. Greenery was also abundantly used. The station offices and buildings wero plentifully adorned, and appropriate expressions of loyalty were fash ioned from ti-treo and placed upon the building on tho island platform, the figures 1S37 and 181)7, wrought in the same material, being aflixed to tho offices on Nos. 1 and 3 platforms. At Strathfield a considerable amount of bun! ins and flags was displayed by local business people. The marking of tho event in this suburb is , confined mainly to an effort to assist In swelling tho fuuds of tho .Victoria Homes for Consump tives. The business premises in Liverpool-road, Ash field's main thoroughfare, were gaily decorated flag;; in great variety, streamers, and y.uv:uu\y being plentifully used. The cclebruiUu.o in ihii suburb really commence vo-day, when a hug;) procession of school children, swelled by thn Mayor and Aldermen, members of tho various Friendly Societies and firo brigades, will march; from the town-liall to tho local park, where exten sive preparations have been made for fittingly! celebrating the occasion. In addition to tho arrangements for the enjoyment and amusement of tho young people, an avenue of trees, to be styled Victoria- avenue, is to be planted by tho local authorities. The Ashfiehl Bowling Club, whose premises are situated In the park, will also be gaily decked, special arrangements for the celebration having been mude by the members. The local railway stationmaster, Mr. M. S. Browno has shown a very interesting collection of memen toes. This includes really excellent portraits, painted on ivory, of the Duke of Marlborough, hearing date Windsor, 184U, of Governor Bllgli, 1841), Major Johnston 1 S40. There is also a sil houette of Governor Fitzroy, 1841. Among tho collection of newspapers which Mr. Browne has tire copies of the "Sydney Gazette," from a very ctrly date. There are also records of tho birth and ascension of her Majesty, and notices of tho meeting of her first Parliament, of tho members of which only two are at the present day alive. Other papers shown contain accounts of Interest ing events in the progress of the colony. Mr. Browne has also the original document, under which Fisher, from an event in whose life tho oft-referred-to Fisher's Ghost has become re corded, was cousigned to this colony through tho medium of Mr. Bowman, then M.P. for tho iiawkesbury, lit 1837. The business places in Lackey-street, Summer-hill, which is embraced by the borough of Ashfiehl, bavo also been de corated, and last evening, in eommou with tho main thoroughfares of other suburbs, wan throu- gnd with pedestrians, who chose to remain in their own suburbs in preference to risking tho dh, comforts of the iiutncUHO crowd in the city The decoration of tho shops in MarrJckvllla was also carried out with pleasing effect, but the real effort of the Marrickvillo peoplo will bo made to-duy. Already the event has been mark ed by tho distribution under careful supervision of large supplies of food to families in need! This afternoon, a monster procession of school children will march to Norwood Park, where an abundance of amusement has been provided lor. Tbe committee in charge of the arrange ments have worked with unceasing energy, and, aided by the secretaries, Messrs. \V. W. Clarke and P. W. Berne, have succeeded in completing ar rangements for quite a memorablo day. The main thoroughfare of the suburb of Drum- tooytci was gay with flags, streamer?,, and other evideoccs of loyalty. To-day a number of trees Will bo planted in Bourke-squore, and following this the school children of the 'borough will be fittingly, entertained, tho Maypv (Alderman G. A. Richards), and the secretary (Alderman Byrnds) with members of a strongr. committee, e having .worked up an Interesting programme of events for tbe day. In the adjoining boroOph of Five Dock to-day there will also bo raa<io efforts to celebrate tho occasion. Tho Mjryor (Alderman Lucas) and other aldermen, wMi plant trees in the public park, and the spo' wih then be named Victoria- avenue. In thif, Kuburb, as Jn AshGcid, efforts arc being made, to cuppicaicnt by collection tho fund for tho erection of tbn proposed new Victoria v.Jng at the Western Suburbs Cottage Hospital. At Concord, also, trees arc to be planted in ono of the wid/jst streets In the borough. Tho cere mony will ho conducted by tho Mayor and alder men, and will serve to mark, M far as Concord Is concerned, the occasion which is being so uni versally celebrated. 