A GRUESOME FESTIVAL' IE PARIS. Many sensational shows have been organised of late years in Paris, but the ghostly concert which took place on Saturday morning (April 3) in the small hours beats the record (writes the Paris correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph). We have had coffin cafes, inferno taverns, and night .houses tricked out in mockery of heaven itself, but this is; the first time that the Catacombs of Paris, commonly known as the Boneyard or the Boneries, have re- echoed the funeral music of Beethoven and Chopin or the " Danse Macabre'' of Ban Satins. The concert, called "spiritual and profane," was organised by a band of the now msthetes, who .are art students, budding doctors, lawyers, musicians, and literary , people.' With these were some of their female friends, who wear.their hair plastered down the sides of their faces, like Botticelli's figures, and a Mademoiselle de Merode, dauseuse of tljr opera. The musicians were of. the leading •' class, recruited from the orchestras of tht opera and the concerts of Lamoureux ami Colonne. Invitations were sent out to the press and to other quarters, so, that at mid night on Friday over one hundred people pre sented themselves with great secrecy at the gate of the Catacombs in the Rue Dareau. The conspirators, as the organisers of the charnel-house concert have been. justly called, led the way, having admonished all the invited persons to make as little noise as possible when entering or leaving the street leading to the city of the dead. All this mystery, was necessary because thS. concert organisers, had no official authorisation to enter the catacombs. They simply-bribed two persons in charge of the place, tone of whom was entrusted with the key of .the dead men's door. This breach of trust will, of course, be punished by the roads and bridges officials, to whose department the catacombs belong; but it is doubtful if the peccant em ployes will be dismissed as powerful influence will be used to save them. They are already spoken of in a highly eulogistic manner,- as they assisted in organising , an original, if horrible sensation for Paris and . the world at large. The descent down the snail-like stairs of 9f steps leading to the caverns of the dead. was dimly illumined by common candles: The persons attending the concert were tbencpnducted along the central gallery ormain . shaft past , the myriads of death's heads and crossbones piled . around. The whole place exhales an indescribable, odor, for it is deep down in the bowels of the earth and contains the bones of over three millions of past gene rations of Parisians, collected between, 1780 and 179ffiirom the Cemetery of the Innocents and from other long-vanished metropolitan and extra-mural graveyards. In the catacombs were also placed the remains of many who were killed in Paris street fights during times of civil war or revolution. The walls are inscribed here and there with the names of the old cemeteries and with Latin, inscriptions from the Bcriptures referring to death as the lot of all. None of these mementoes of mor tality seemed to trouble the midnight visitors to the catacombs. Some of them handled the skulls like Hamlet in the graveyard. and in dulged in mock moralisings over the dreamless heads. A few cracked jokes on the ribs of death, and a medical professor volunteered a lecture on anatomy. Some of the Botticelli tressed young women became a little nervous, however, and complained that , theplacs saddeneds them,. ;.but ... they, -.werecon soled by their partners,, and .ail :-waited for the concert.. This took "placo. at a sort of cross-roads, around- which, some chairs were placed. The musicians stationed themselves before their stands at half-past^ 1 o'clock j in the morning ant?, arranged their parts by the dim light of . the candles stuck. in skulls. : When everything was ready the conductor tapped his desk, raised his baton, and the plaintive moanings , of Chopin's, Funeral 'March were heard. The . violins wailed through the gloomy halls of death as if they were played , by ghosts, and not .by robust men of flesh , and bipod (mder the lead of M. Furet. There were also heard that eerie composition, the " Danse Macabre." of- Saint Saens, the Funeral March - from Beet hoven's Heroic Symphony, and a fragment from the "Parses,'' the composer of which, M. Leroux, conducted his own work, Mariet re cited a poem written by himself entitled "lAux Catacombes." The xylophone was also used during the concert in'order to give an impression of the clanging or-rasping of dead men's .bones. The extraordinary entertain ment, if it can be so called, coneluded tpwards 3 in,the morning and . the visitors to the sub terranean vaults : emerged into the fresh air above, some manifestly impressed, others—and they were in the majority—affecting to be un moved by what they had seen and hearffi '16 is not. likely that ■ such an affair .-will be again allowed to take .place In the cata combs and some credit is given to the organises of the strange concert for the manner in which they carried their extraordi nary enterprisa to a successful issue consider ing the difficulties which usually beset intend ing explorers - of the, subterranean -ossuary, admission to which i^ not easily granted.,On the other hand not a few protestations have been heard against the desecration of the catacombs and the: disrespect paid bysmorbid sensation-mongers to the dead whose bones line the walls of. the underground cavities which < extend beneath the districts of-Petit Mont rouge and Montsouris. 