"A MODERN ROMANCE." CHAPTER XIII. Whit a burden of suffering wai this that had been laid upon so exquisitoly- delicate and sensi tive a nature aa Elizabeth's. How wsa it that bo bad remained so gentle, sweat, and fair as ahe had revealed horseif to him that night! Reared aa she had been, a child of sorrow from her birth, shot away from contact, with the helpful influence of other children, and from all those bappy momenta which go to bnild np tho conrage, the hopo, tho faith in life's eoodness so absolutely necessary to the future of every human being, it was a marvel tbe girl's whole nature had not been ruined. Assuredly itdidnoteeem to Antony Peile that Elizabeth could have acted otherwise than ahe had done, either during her grandmother's lifetime or now when that grand mother was dead and buried. It strnok the young man indeed as being very singular that the old woman should have imagined it possible that the girl she had trained so well could have entertained oven for an instant the alternative of a marriage with Richard Saville which ahe had et down in her will. To Sir Antony'a mind there was something almost paradoxical in the two wishes— wishes so utterly at variance the one with tho other. Was it thst, at the last, a feeling of compassion had ovoroome tho grim old creaturo, and had caused her to set on one side all tho results of the psst fifteen years 1 If not from a feeling of compassion, why otherwise should Mrs. Latimar have suggested to hor grandchild such a future aa would be opened out to her as Richard Seville's wife! It waa incom prehensible. Sir Antony found himself agreeing with Lady Foo that Mrs. Latimar horseif had not quite known what she did want to arrange for Elizabeth's futnre. Except,' Lady Feo had observed, ' that sho was determined to hecantankerousjwith me, and to keep Elizabeth away from me uftor she was dead, just as she did when she was alive.' Sir Antony had made no reply to this character istic remark ; but he could not help thinking that Feo bad some cause for complaint against these wishes of the dead. It Is all so ridiculous,' Lady Feo had con tinued. 'If Elizabeth might be permitted to marry Mr. Saville and take her propor place in the world— for of coarse, when once she was his wife, she wonid be obliged to go everywhere — what in the name of common sense was thero to prevent her from coming to live with Gregory and me, and from enjoying herself ae every girl ought to enjoy herself, instead of martyrising hersolf as a governees-dradge, and dying of a broken heart before she had well commenced to live 1 ' To all this there seemed to be no reasonable answer ; but Sir Antony was nevertheless disposed to take a more cptim'siic view of Eliza beth's futnre than Lady Feo did. ' She is buund to go a little to extremes,' he aid to' himself ai he smoked another cigarette thoughtfully and the clock on his mantelshelf chimed the hour of one. 1 She is ready for almost any kind of sverifice, poor child ; she thinks obedience to her grandmother's wishes will constitute her mother's atonement. Now that 1 have seen hor 1 can foretell exaotly what her aotions will be. Until the ipfluenno of this strange old women has had time to fade away, and until some stronger snd more wholesome influence comes into hor life, Elizabeth will proceed in tbe path sho has chosen. She will O'insider herself wrong even to cuntemplato a different futnre. How the very suggestion of , this marrioge with Dick must have jarred on her, poor ohild.' Evidently the remembrance jarred upon Sir Antony too, for he puehed back his chair and rose hurriedly to his feet. ' And it must have been a bit of a shock to Dick also,' he w.nt on musing, his brows knitted unconsciously. Lady Feo's angry words about hishejoved friend again rose to his mind with objectionable clearness. 'It is an awfully deli- , cate business. I am afraid she will prove difficult — she in no proud ; and yet, in some fashion or other, Diek must make over this money to her. In ordinary circumstances a marriage would perhaps have been the hsppiest solution of the difficulty ; yet ' For some extraordinary reason tho young man did not seem able to contemplate with any degree of pleasure or comfort even the suggestion of such a marriage. Possibly Feo's strongly- uttered protest against Elizabeth's bocoming his guardian's wife unconsciously influenced him. Whether this was so or not, tho fact remained tha Antony turned away almost eagerly from tho the thought of it. He began moving restlessly bout the room. ' I wish I had Been Dick to-night,' he said to himself regretfully. ' I feel somehow that he would have liked to talk things over with mo. It seems odd to imagino Dick with a trouble of hia own ; hitherto be has had none except what I have brougt to him.' He returned to the window and stood and looked out of it for s few moments, the soft cool night sir stealing in upon him. 'Perhaps I ought to postpone my visit to Speede — at least, for a day. Dick may want me,' ho mused, pausing irresolutely ; thou ho turned round briskly. He would carry his letter to tho post himself— his servant had gono to bud hours before— and he particularly desired that Mr. SaviUe should receive the communication by the first post in the morning. ' No,' he said to him self, without any hesitation in bis manner now — ' no. She is going down early to that school to-morrow, and I want my dear old ' mammy ' to be there on the spot, to give her a welcome, and to let her feel, poor child, that, after all she ia not entering a world of utter strangers. I am sure Feo has not the very least idea that Little Stonebury is my property. 1 should just like to see her dear little face wheD she finds this out to-morrow and realises all that it will mean for her Elizabeth ' Antony Poile smiled brightly to himself at the thought of the delight be anticipated for his cousin. He picked up bis hat, drew on his light overcoat again, and was almost out of the door way, when his eyes caught sight of a letter lying ou the mantelshelf, which his servant had evidently forgotten to place with his other correspondence. In an instant Sir Antony had picked it up. 'From Dick,' ho exclaimed. 'And I never saw it. Where were my eyea. I ought to have known that the dear old ohap would bo sure to write and tell me all about,' He eagerly tore open tbe note ; but the light of gladness faded instantly from his face as he glancod at the few words it contained. Mr. Saville's communication was brief and business like. almost ourt. ' Dear Tony," he wrote — 'I have failed; our terms are absolutely refused It must be the old compact, or wo are to be prepared for tho consequences. You know what that moans. There is uotbing for you to do therefore but to meet the demands, preposterous as they are. You had bettor remit mo a cheque by return of of post, and will have it despatched immediately, unless, of course, you prefer to attend to the matter yourself. I am sorry to have failed, and I wish to Heaveu I could see some way for you ont of this taogle "f disgrace and difficulty ; but I cannot discover one. If we can only succeed in keeping the disgraoe at tho other side of the world, no msttor at what cost, we may count ourselves as boing particularly lucky. In great haste. Lot me hoar from you at once. Yours ever, ' Dick.' It was eome moments before Antony Peile moved after he had read this communication. His oolour hod changed to a dull groy-white that touched even his lips ; only on his brow was there a hot flush, the outward sign of groat — -»«ntal disturbance, a moment of acute terrible pressed his hand to his brow and sigh; then he went back "-v mechanically to his writing-table and sat down at it. He opened the letter he had just written to Richard Saviiie, and, uulocking a drawer, drew out his cheque-book. After he had written his signature at tho bottom of a cheque, he sat for some time gazing steadily at it and at the figures ho had placed in the other corner. The sum to be paid was a very largo ono — to many indeed it would have signified a Bmall fortnne. Antony Peilo waa not calculating tho amount of money this cheque would draw from his banking-account — it would take many such sums to make any real difference to him with his largo rant- roll. He was looking rather at tha ghost of his bright, happy, careless self, as he had boon only a short year and a half before, and he found himself wishing passionately, bitterly, hosrtily, that it were possible for him to sacrifico both tho wealth and tho position which brought him auoh a harvest of envy from the losa fortunate ones of the world, in order to win back tho happy freedom of heart and brain that ho once had possessed so absolutely. It was no new thought that camo to him now — it had seized him many and many a time daring tho past year — but at this moment it Btrurk him with double force. Never had hiB self-humiliation boon so hitter, never had tho bondB that hampered him so torrible in their tension and their miserablo significance. He was conscious, too, of having a fresh pain nt his heart ; it wbb as though ho had been flung violently back upon himself, and that tho hand that thrust him back bereavod him at tho same time of a comfort that had been with him all his life — a comfort born of faith and sympathy. He shivered slightly as his eyes rested upon Richard Saville's writing. The cold curt words had seared his very soul. He could novor recall a moment when he hod felt as he felt now. In all that had happened, in the darkest hour of his remorse and regret, there had always remained to Antony one bright certainty — tho joy of knowing that ho would never be judged or condemned by tho man ho had loved so well. When bo would heaped condemnation upon himself, when the full misery of his folly would develop suddonly into passion and for tho moment get the better of his self-control, Dick had always been at hand to calm him, to utter some soft comforting words, to win him back from a state of unrest to ono of resignation. Never before, in all the years of their close com panionship, had Richard Saville failed in his wise ministrations or pained the quiok sensitive natue that mado Antony Peile the sweet-hearted man he was. Never before had ho written such a letter as the ono which lay beneath tho young young man's burning miserable eyes. It camo so unexpectedly — at such a strange moment. He had anticipated something so different when he hnd taken up tbe letter. With his heart full of affecti'innto thought for his ' big brother,' Tony had for tbe time being almost forgotten his own trouble. To have it brought hack to him so coldly, so curtly, was to mnke it seem a thousand times worse than it had ever been ; and that it should have been Dick who had written those words was something he could not grasp all at once in its full meaning. It was as though ho wore suddenly separated from his friend and 1 brother' by a wide abyss— an abyss of disgrace and difficulty, which nothing could ever bridge or ever make less deep and black and horrible. Antony Peilo suddenly roused himself from his musings ; a slight soneo of resentment crept into his mind with respect to Diok — it was a feeling that had never come to him before. Taking up his pen, he wrote, at tho bottom of his former letter a brief ackowledgmont of Mr. Saville's note, then, folding the cheque, he placed it within his own letter, closed it once again, and immediately rose to hia feet. A sudden desire seized him to destory tho Bhort curt messngo that bore the impress of Dick's hand, and yet was so utterly uncharac teristic of Dick himself ; but he checked himself. He could not have defined the motive that made him pause as he wss about to destroy the letter ; it was evidently due to tho now emotions that Saville's curious coldness had suddenly called into existence. Instead of burning the note, Tony locked it away in one of hiB secret drawers, theo, taking up hiB hat, ho wont down tho stairs and out into the street, which had a silent eerio look in tho gray light of the oargly dawn. For how long a timo he walked after ho had posted his letter Antony could never have told. He was wholly unconscious of his movements ; he recognised only the fact that walking brought with it a sensation of roliof. He traversed tho street in nn odd mechanical fashion ; the silence of sleep lay over tho groat city, the throb and rush of its life were hushod into a groat calm. Kir Antony passed few living beings — a policeman here and there, now and then a stray pedestrain. Occasionally a cab would dash by him, and aomotimes a cat would cross swifty in front of him and vanish suddonly in the gloom. Once he mot a string of market-carts laden with vegetables, that rattled through the streets wish a noise that almost unnerved him. Antony was roused from hiB waking dream as tho thunder of the waggons rolled away iu the distance. Be turned involuntarily down an opening that stretched before him, and walkod ucross a road way to where some trees stayed gently in tho faint breezo of tho early morning that was cluse at hand. All at once ho realisod where ho was, and camo to sudden stop. Ho had walked back, as in a dream, to Elizabeth's old Square garden — the garden she had loved so well. He stood and looked over the iron gato, and longed to pass through it once again, and shut himself away from the world for an hour or so with the trees and (rass and flowers, that hud been the only psrticipators in Elizabeth's dreams, that had brightened the one holiduy- place in her bleak e dd life. It looked so peace ful within— even from where ho stood tho peace seemed to come to him ; tho influence of a pure, sweet, noble girlhood crept to liirn on the moring air and stole into his thoughts, exercising the burning ache of past remembrances, und bringing a sense of rest to hia troubled heart. With a sigh he turned away at last from Elizabeth's garden ; tho weariness he had fought against so long took possession of his limbs and brain ; it was with difficulty ho started to retrace his steps, Ho went reluctantly, for he would have been happy, in a strange dreamy way, if ho could huve remained by that little iron gate till the day had fully broken. He seemed to feel that Elizabeth wou'd have been glad if bIio could have known how sweet a sense of rest and comfort and sympathy came to him from the remembrance of her gentlo resignation of hor helpful calm. It waa however impossible for him to renain there ; already tbe morning sky had grown red abpvo lite gray ; in anothor hour tho sun would break over the city. Ho went slowly out of thp Square, aud, as ho walked away, he looked backwards now aud tlion, as though ho was bidding farewell to a living sympathetic presence. It was not likely that would over know ho had been there ; yet the accidental visit seemed to bind them over more closely together, and henceforth the thought of her would have a lasting place amid the sacred things of his lifo and heart. CHAPTER XIV. Tibed out though ho was, Antony Peile, whon he got to his rooms, did not iudulge in much sleop. He wss up again and driving to Charing Cross by half-past nino, in timo to catch tho first faBt train to his old home. The weariness of body and mind seemed to pass away as he was carried swiftly through the country in tho cioar, smiling, sunny morning. Indeed, he felt almost a thrill of excitement in tho remembrance of tho duty lie had sot himself. It was pleasant to him to think that it was in his power to do something for Eliza- both. Nothing for a long timo post had afforded , him so much gratification as tho news that tho ' girl's futuro home was to bo so near to his own early ono. Ho piotured to himsolf the sympathy and affectionato companionship thnt were certain to soring up betwoon his boloved auut and Elizabeth. ' Mammy Bertha's influonco is just what sho noeds, poor littlo desolato thing,' he said to himself. ' I cannot imagino any morbid or Baddoning mood holding sway vory long if aunt Bertha is anywhere near. In a few months I oxpoet Feo will begin to be quito happy about her Elizaboth.' Fitted with such thoughts, Antony turned away resolutely from the skeleton that stood in his life-path. Ho triod hard, too, not to to think about Richard Saville ; but this was not so eaBy a matter. His rcsontmont over that strango cold letter had died quickly ; but tho painful sensation that succeoded tho resentment lingered in his heart, and would not pass away as readily. There was indeed much food for thought an extraordinary ehango in tho close relationship that had existed for so long betwoon his 'big brothor' and himsolf. Had not Saville's letter warned him of it, Antony Peilo must have become conscious of a difference. The curions silenco which hiB quondam guardian had maintained touching tho matter of Mrs. Latimar's will and all that was associated with it was so eloquont of a change. It was so utterly unlike what ho had reason to oxpoet from his lifelong friend. His valot had given Sir Antony hia morning lottcrs before ho started, but ono glanco was sufficient to show thot thoro wns no second letter from Snviilo. This marked omission of confidence served to force homo upon Tony, had ho needed any addional assuranco, the plain feat that first feeling had been a correct ono A dozen reasons might, of course, havo boon glvon for Dick's reticonco respecting his unex pected inheritance ; but what explanation could bo offered for tho curt, .half-caroleas, wholly- contemptuous lettor which had nrrived only a few hours bofore, and which had boon indited at tho very moment when Antony thoughts had turned to tho writer with Buch sincere increased sfftection. It was almost impossible for Antony to hold a single feeling in his heart for Dick which was not tendor, grateful, admiring. The idea of there boing any fickleness of Dick's affection for himsolf, or any limit to hia compre hensive sympathy, was something so far from his imagination that even now ho found his honest, loyal, trusting nature fighting uncon sciously against facts. (to be continued.) 