THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-laae, Ultimo. He was discovered nur&ing; a two- year-old baby, aud his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock .at the door. Although pale and bearing still tbe marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very dear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reolv to the preliminary Questions, be said -. ** You want to know all about my case? Well. I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How lone were you suffering V '* Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago. next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt Btreet, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in {ailing health, and aftei four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe ?* What were the symptoms?'' ' oimply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were catling my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, aud was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. 1 was incess&ntly; Bhiverioj? and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. How ever, lie gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions. n ** Did you make use of the order ?' *' No ; I came home and went :o bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I cDald cot walk across the floor ; In fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, aud only & question of dsys when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to case the agony 1 was iu. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the con clusion that I was suffering from locotr.otor a tax id, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a dis ease of tbe spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of Rait, aud difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I tuf^lit last for ten years, and that I might never gut the nsc of ray legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to bIiou* that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by an advertisement deecribiag the core effected in the caae of another boiler maker in England, which I icad iu the Aus tralian Workman, by Dr. Williams* Pink Pills for Pale People. I read iu the advertisement of a case which seemed to tit my own. I determined to give tbe Pink Pills a trial any wav, and sent for a box. The effect was a& 1 marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep ai though nothing was tbe matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It waa in credible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four bores of 'Pink Pills during tbe past four weeka, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with tbe aid of a slick, and am gra dually, but surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You eee those crotchet there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without iL You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' ' He fe 100 per cent, better,' said Mce. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. 'The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than be did a fortnight previously* 'lean now,' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work at a boiler maker, and you know I bave to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five yean. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink tills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now wiiaterer, and feel like a new man. On thRTnnT1*1^pifT!*'1LhpppiHatrOy^*'r'i'1' and morphia pills which the doctor gave mo to deaden the excruciating pain. Bnt they can stay where they are, for £ no longer need' them. Everybody who knows me has been yiwipgrffd at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again ha* caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is this remarkable history, and it con* firms what u said in aA the chief newspapers of this country of the 'J-*'TH|ft'i tig cares wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pfllafor Pate People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, '«'?»» the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anzemia. pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite* shortness of breath, pains in tbe back, nervous head 