FROM THE MAGAZINES. Mr. Stephen Gwynn undertakes, in "Mae inillanV' Magazine" for November, the diffi cult duty of criticising Tennyson, and put ting a valuation on his poetry. The plaee Tennyson occupied, in the estimation of English-speaking people, is thus happily described: If you come to think of it no man of our race, ' within living memory, except the Duke of Vel \- lington, lias died in such *rreatnrss. In poetry lie had rcached a -more unchallenged supremacy tlwn \- any post since Pope. Like Pope he lived to see V. himself the standard of paetic style, the claborator of a new perfection in language; like Pope he ? attained to richcs .which even a 6ueec-ssfnl merchant would not disdain; hut how incomparably greater than. Pope's was his happinessl In his physical jnatwrclhe was gifted with a union of stature and Jjeauty such as alone would have distinguished >' tibn. if one could separate such beauty from the Jbigter distinction .of intellect. In his disposition, ? - »ypart- from superficial eccentricities, he was so ffpim Hmt friendshlua Surrounded him and nnened vltfa *heyears;and though criticism could hurt him, Jealousy had no holduponhis nature. The kttcttihai p^ l»et^njhlm and Browning f are t W»g **> ? *nd-be thankful (or, MOM \- ^Mb^|Pope5^nferabJe catalogue of euspi SLafii*, slid stabbinm, His domestic ] *' jitg« nanriime gucli as many I »oet« taw^ttimWbut fewusliaed; graced with j eetfa two «qch faoma «b, Hie *??' poet him their tribute of praise and begged liirn to ] commemorate the# heroes; a great Queen honoured and loved him. For a career eo imperial in the majesty that art may bestow upon the fortunate, one must go back to Titian. And yet this man's empire was far wider than Titian's. Hie beauty that he fashioned could travel to the ends of tiie world, and was not confined to any place; it was not the luxury of the great but «ic possession of all. He stirred a public wider than ever Byron swayed, for wherever the English language was spoken lie was known not merely as the poet, but as the teacher and the comforter. Not alone from England, but from the wilds of Australia, | from palaces and from l>oor men's homes, came j messages of gratitude unlookcd for, uncalled for, whose sincerity was not to be mistaken. In regard to Tennyson's style, Sir. Gwynn writes:-"Tennyson could extract from the English language the richest harmonies without cumbering his lines with poly syllables or any strangeness of diction. And all this rich melody never obscured the sense; no poet has ever had a finer instinct J for the right and only word. Tennyson's skill in the use of language is scarcely less unapproachable than litian's in form and: colour.'' "And this style, this goldeu mystery of language, by whatever chemistry it caiue into being, was recognisable before he was out of his teens and did not fail him j after SO winters." Then conies this pas Tlie Memoir tells us liow lie kept note-books like] a painter, and jotted down effot ts in the Win of words born of the moment's sensation. Tenny- [ son himself explains to a eorro^iJoinVwt lus pro- . cedure. . "As the water-lily starts and slides: sug gestion, water-lilies in my own pond wen on a | gusty day with my own eyes. They did start and elide in "the sudden puffe of wind till caupht ana j stayed by the tithes of their own stalks, quite as] tns<» as Wordsworth's simile and more in detail, j And here is a note almost at random from liis jour nal of 1S40. "Early next morning ofi by rail to iielil, confusion about the two railways, douane, stop and see Cathedral, nave magnificent, rail to B;isle, Three Kings, green swift Bhine roarjng against the piers, Swiss fountain." Always going about, the world with the keenest observation, al ways by unconscious habit translating the impres sion into words, Tennyson acquired an inner vision not less distinct tlian any painter's, and the moS miraculous skill in selecting the precise woT or form of words to render it; and so he attained to those sudden desciptive touches which flash a whole scene on the consciousness. Never in all his life did he show a more magical instance of this Am than in the second stanza of "Crossing the Bar," the lines which he hade his son set at the end of every edition of his poems for "a crowning utter ance: Sunset and evening star, And one clear call for met And may there lie no manning of the bar, When I put out to eea. But suc-h a tide as moving seems asleep, Too full for sound and foiim, AVhen that which drew from out the boundless j deep Turns again home. The lines italicised by Mr. Gwynn are Bui such a tide as moving seems asleep, Too full for sound and foam. What would Mr. Gwynn have said if he had j seen them printed in a leading Sydney jour nal, in an in memoriam notice by a Sydney j professor "But such a tide as snoring seems asleep," The diablerie of that misprinting! The death of Dr. Trumbull, of Hartford, Connecticut-"probably the richest man in j America in the matter of knowledges calls forth a tribute to his worth, in the form of an anecdote, by ilark Twain, who j , writes thus to the "Century Magazine" for j j November, from Switzerland: j He wrote mvriads of letters to information . seekers all over the world-a service of self-sacri fice which made no show, and is all the more entitled to praise and remembrance for that rea- j son. I asked him a question once myself about 3) L ! years ago. 1 remember it yet- vividly. His answer exhibited in a striking way his two specialties the immensity of liis learning, and the generous j fashion in which he lavished that and his time and labour gratis upon the ignorant needy, I was summering somewhere away from home, and one j day 1 had a new idea-a motif for a drama. I was enchantcd with the felicity of the conception-I might sav intoxicated with it. It seemed to me that no idea was ever eo exquisite, so beautiful, so freighted with wonderful possibilities. I be lieved that wlien 1 should get it fittingly dressed out in the right dramatic clothes it would not only delight the world, but astonish it. Then came a steallhv, searching, disagreeable little chill; what if the idea was not new, after all? Trumbull would know. I wrote him some cold, calm, indifferent words out of a heart that was sweltering with anxiety, mentioning my idea, and asking him in a casual way if it had ever bec-u used in a play. His answer covered six pages, written in his fine and graceful hand-six pages of titles of plays in which the idea liad been used, the date of each piracy appended, also the country and language in whidi the felony had been com mitted. The tbeft of niv idea had been consum mated two hundred and sixty-eight times. The latest instance mentioned was English, and not yet three years old; the earliest liad electrified China eight hundred vears before Christ. Dr. Trumbull added a foot-note that his list was not complete, since it furnished only the modern instances; but that if I wished it, he would go back to early times. 1 do not remember the exact words I said about the early times in my answer, but it is not material: tliev indicated the absence of lust1 in that direction. I did not write the play, j The defence of Fort Chitral by Indian! troops under British officers from January to April, 1895, is well described in the "Cen-1 tury" for November, by Mr. Charles Lowe. Every little campaign on the Indian fron tier brings out acts of daring. There had just been a change of rule-the murder of the sovereign of the Chitralis, Jfizam-ul Mulk, by his brother-and during the tur moil that ensued the British representative had to take refuge in die fort with hiB troops till relief came. Several encounters! took place with the revolutionary Chitralis, but the fort held out successfully. On April 16 it was discovered that the enemy was excavating a tunnel to blow up the fort. Underground knocking was heard by sentries. The one thing to do was to rush from the fort on a summer-house 60 yards away, where the mouth of the tunnel was assumed to be. Lieutenant Harley was given charge of 100 men. They took with them 3301b, of powder, in bags, to blcfw up the tunnel. ''Barley's instructions were to rush the summer-house with the bayonet only, and to reserve his fire for the defence thereof, 40 rounds being issued to each of his men; to go straight for the gap in the wall, with no dividing up of the party and no support; to take a prisoner or two if possible; to hold the garden house." The story proceeds thus: "At 4 pjn. the garden gate was quietly opened, and Barley dashed out at the head of his- men-the Sikhs in front-with fixed bayonet*, A ruSb across the 60 yards, a few hurried shots from the gardes-: house, the fall of a couple of Sikhs, who were (Shot dead on either ride x>f Harley as he raced for ward, sword in tend, end the apmlen-bouae wm. won. It bad bcco in tttw fiol&iw; tf about 40 I Nathans, who, not daring to front this sudden and impetuous outfall of the besieged, liad bolted along the garden wall alter several of tliem had ; been bayoneted. At length the shaft was found, j carefully overlaid with fascines, just outside the house behind tlic garden wall. Headily responding to Harley's call for volunteers, several of the SikJis jumped down with him into the owning, and de spatched from 30 to 40 of the enemy as they rushed out of the mine. The powder was placed a few feet along the mine, but it was found im possible to open it up, and Harlcv began to de spair for the first time during the siege, the more so as messengers from the fort were now following big hard on one another's heels, calling- attention to gatheriug dangers, and urging him to be quick. "But presently accident came to bis aid. Two of the enemy's engineers, who had held bark in the mine, came rushing out. and were flreil at by the Sikhs; the powder in the mine was ignited by the shots, and a loud explosion followed, knocking down Harlcy himself, and singeing the clothes of several of his men. Under the impression that his mission had thus fortunately failed of its main object, the powder being untamped, IJarley now sounded the rally, and ordered his men to return to the fort, which they did at a cool, steady double, under a perfect hail of bullets, carrying ?with than as trophies of their valour all the arms and accoutrements of the eneniv's killed and wounded. "What was Harley's surprise and delight, on re gaining the fort, from which he li.nl Ih-oii absent about an hour and a half, to find that his mis sion had been completely successful, the whole mine having been burst right open to the foot of the gun-tower, and lying exposed like a trench! Two of the enemy had been killed in the mine by the explosion. liarlcy and his party had done their work very well, but at a cost of eight killed and fourteen wounded, while the lo=s of the enemy was estimated at about CO, the majority of whom had fallen by the bayonet." The relieving party arrived two days later, having taken less than a month to march 220 miles, and croee the Shandur i'ass, 112,400ft. high, the greater part of the route being blocked by deep snow. Some of the means plants have of staring off the attacks of insects that come to eat their leaves or steal nectar from the flowers without rendering service in return are de scribed in the "St. Nicholas" for November (a magazine for juvenile readers) "Did you ever stop (asks the writer of the articlc) to think why thistles are so well aimed with sharp prickles, or why the ugly roadside nettles aa"e furnished with sting ing hairs? Notice cattle grazing in a field where thistles or nettles grow; see iiow careful they are to let those disagreeable plants alone. That is the reason for the stings and the spines. See thus honey locust tree bristling with its horiid array of three-pointed thorns. What animal is brave enough to try to rob it of its leaves or great pods? Hawthorns, loo, and rose-] bushes and _ blackberry briei-s, all have their sharp little swords and daggers to de-1 fend themselves against browsing animals... Out on the wide, hot deserts of Ai izoua"S}tdj New Mexico those odd plants, thp" oaetj,v grow in great numbers. Some of thertf tfike' strange shapes-tall, fluted <o]utans/ branching candelabra, or mere round bulls', like the melon-cactus. They arc almost the only plants that grow in some parts of that country, and there is always plenty of -Kip inside their tough skins. To the hungry and thirsty creatures that roam those dreary wastes in search of food and water they are very tempting. Were they not in sonie way protected, these cacti would soon be destroyed. "One of the oddest means of self-defence is that used by a plant of southern Europe the Seriutula, a sort of eousiu of our tihowy purple blazing-star. This plant has a bitter loe in the shape of a email beetle that eats i its flowers. These are an beads, like the heads of thistles, the blossoms being pro tected on the outside by circles of thick scales. When he can Bucceed in getting at them, the hungry beetle bites right through the protecting scales and into the heart of the flowers. While the plant is in blossom drops of sweet honey form on the scales. This attracts numbere of ants,who are very fond of it. But should a beetle come flying toward the flower-head, the unts stop feed ing, rear upon their hind legs, and open their strong jaws, all ready for battle. Then Mr. Beetle usually finds he has im portant business in another direction, and takes himself off. Thus, instead of defend ing itself against robbers, the Serratultt has a troop of soldiers to fight for it, and pays j them for their services with honey." ' Mr. George Kennau, the American traveller, described in the "St. Nicholas" for November, his "narrowest escape." It occurred in North-eastern Siberian waters in September, 1867, when an at tempt was being made to connect Asia and America by cable across Behring Strait. The barque Onward was sent from tSan Fran cisco to bring away the cable party. Mr. Kennau could not leave Okliotsh with the Onward when the lateness of the season compelled that vessel to move off to the Gizhiga River, at the mouth of the Giz hijranski Gulf- He had to follow after in a sloop 25ft long. Towards evening, on the day he started down the gulf, a gale sprang up. By night the sea was running high, and the sloop had to find her way in the datk, She was nearly swamped by a big wave, which carried overboard a man, wlyx got back. Then came the question whether she would live through the night. At 9 they caught a glimpse of the Onward's light. As they drew near they saw "the bark was pitching furiously to her anchors, and as we drifted rapidly down upon her we could hear the hoarse roftr of the gale through her rigging, and see a pale gleam of foam as the seas broke in Sheets of spray j against her bluff bows." They called for help, but no one heard, and the tiny vessel came into sharp collision with the big one "The wator-log;ged sloop seesawed up and down past the bark's side, one momeiit rifiing on a huge cojnber until I could almost grasp the rail, and the next sinking into a deep hollow between the singes far below the line of the copper sheathing. We tore the ends of our finger-nails off against the ship's tide in trying tt> stop the boat's drift, and shouted despairingly again and again for help and j a line; but our voiecs were drowned in the roar ot thegaje; there was no response; and the next sea .carried ts under the bark's counter. I made one 1asi clwirb aj the smooth, wet planks; and then, as we thjilcil astern past the eliip, I -abandoned sloop- was jnow sinking rapidly-I was al rcady^stanfiiug tip' to my knees in water-and in 90 6efonas'^niore yc should be out of sight of the -b^rk, in the dprfe, tumbling sea to leeward, with jjo more oy rescue than if we were drown ing la prid-Aljaptfc. Suddenly a dark figure in the boat-bc^idc imt;-1 learned afterward tliat it was Bowsher- tore off his coat" aid waistcoat, and made a bold leap into the sea to windward. lie knew that it was ccrlain death to drift out of sight of the bark in tliat sinking sloop, and he hoj>ed to be able to swim alongside until he should be picked up. I myself had not thought of this before, but I saw instantly tliat it offered a forlorn hope of esca])e( and I was just poised in the act of following his example when on the quarter-dock of the bark, already 20tt. away, a white, ghost-like figure appeared With uplifted arm, and a ' voice sliouted, 'Stand by to catch « linej1 ^ ..It was the Onward's second mate. Be had hear* our erics in his state-room as we dritted under tlm ship's counter, and had instantly sprunir from I,. berth and rushed on deck in hie nigUt-gown." The "Windsor Magazine" for November contains the finish of "The Christian." Mr J. Holt Schooling, whose pet subject iB sta tistics, takes the last census of the British Isles, and, by means of diagrams, bLowb how occupations were divided. One fact he mentions is that there are 105,000 char women in England. In the professional class, "the Irish lead is due in part to the large number of soldiers quartered in Ire land, but mainly to the astonishingly large number of persons over fifteen years of age returned aa "students/ who, with soldiers, rank in the census as professional. No one has yet discovered who all these Irish students are, or what becomes of them, for the members of what are usually termed the learned professions, with the exception of the clergy, are not in exccss in Ireland." Messrs, Millon and Klickman chat, in separate articles, about London underground railway travelling, tell ing us nothing that specially in terests Australians. The same may hi said of Sir. II. Sickling's *fCbat witb a Water Bailiff." Then there is a crack up in true "Windsor" style of Mas Pcniber ton, magazine editor, novelist, and book reviewer, not because Mr. Pembertpn is an exceptionally notable persan, but because he-is going to begin a serial tale in the next "Windsor," and to advertise such talc he "must be shown to be a swan. The "Wind sor" is usually well written, and always well illustrated. This month all the articles seem a little dull. 