A SOCIAL HIGHWAYMAN (By E. P. TRAD*.) CHAPTER II. ' ' Two or thijee.days after my pilgrimage up to Seventy-first-street my master announced -'.tT;.^»*pntIon of giving, upon the following ^ijanafter-the-opera supper-parly to. -;:4it 6- ten- ladies and gentleinen. » ' '-jBt-ti^iVtnl? minuteness and iirecision of , his orde^. the care and solicitude whicli ne evir; .u as to the smallest and most msigni fica:.' details, and the recklessness lie mani fested regarding expenditure, I concluded tliat.-lie was going to entertain guests of un^ usual distinction. ??'.*.??, _. And when I read the names (I caught a glimpse of the notice of the event lie pre pared for the press) I saw that I was not mistaken in my surmise. Without excep. tion they were the names of personages, not of mere persons; and my estimate of my' mas- ter's social position went up many pegs when I discovered his ability to command the so ciety of such nobs. The guest of honor was an English duch ess— that is, she had, been an American Dutchy (her faiher had made a vast fortune in expoi-t-beer in the West) who nad 'devel- oped,. tUrouglr the ? natural laws, of:socia.levor lution, into a (British peeress. Her 'title, Duchesss; 'pi Clayborougn (nee i'T pljiselby), Bm,©t6--uj}Qn' ???.tie ^ars of twdijiatlons. liUe- a chime of toiden T-ells. Her Visiting- card?* ; with 'Clayborough 'House, Sussex,' in the lower left-hand corner, were, by those dames fortunate enough to acquire them, never withdrawn ; from the great receptacle's wherein, toward the end of the season, those thin little white ghosts of' names and repu tations accumulate in such multitude. When \- these were emptied and a fresh start made, these special bits of pasteboard were always . retained to form the nucleus of a new collec tion. Following in her wake and pressing her hard for fame, if not for fortune, was the Professional Beauty, par estime, of the year. Her reputation was, of course, trans atlantic (no reputation of uonie-nianufacture is of value in American eyes), and the greater part of her time was spent -in the happy hunting-grounds of London -society, to £he privileges of which she -had attained by rea^ eon of the utter, integrity of- her, physical per : fection. She had taken advantage of the interregnum between autumn country-house visiting (that period so prolific of results to the matrimonial sportsman) and the begin ning of the season to flit like a meteor through the most distinguished circles of her own countrymen, dazzling and fascinating all beholders by her incomparable charms. I had seen her riding in the Park, and even 1^ who have seen most of the celebrated '' beauties of my time, acknowledge her to be a fine figure of a woman. Then came two of the leaders of New York society, Mrs. I. Noble-Revere and Mrs. Munyon Pyle — 'Money-Pile' ; Wail-street called her husband— women with magnificent establishments, stupendous fortunes, im mense social power, and — husbands. The latter, however, like well-trained servants, knew enough to minister to, without obtrud . ing upon, the comfort and welfare of those who had acquired the right to command them. They were social nonentities, though financial magnates, and one never considered them. The list of the women closed with the star whose talent and genius were to entertain them in the earlier part-of the evening, Mine,: Genevieve Mirandau, the latest .thing in ope- : ratic stellar attractions, also an American, born in the coal-regions of Pennsylvania, discovered by chance and educated by a syn dicate of rich -women, whose claims to her : ,go.n£lderation and .gratitude she had dis persed by a contemptuous kick of her small foot, when she reached the topmost rung on tti$t ladder of acquirement that had been erected for her through their means. Se port had it that she was a nightingale diffi cult to lure, and I wondered at my master's success in her direction more than in that of the others, high even as was their degree. . The men, of whom, besides my master, there were some half- dozen, may be more easily dismissed. Perhaps first (place aux renommes) was Carolus Despard, the artist, concerning whom, thanks, to his widespread reputation, it is unnecessary to go, into de-. taiL His studio, the most unique and gor geous apartment I have ever seen (I had soon after an opportunity of studying it at my .leisure, as will be shown further on), is the gate of Paradise to the1 -aspiring Bohe mian. . Then there were two distinguished. r.'thors ? —one a Frenchman, who was making a tour of this country for the frankly confessed .;.- ipurpose. of publishing-; his -views upon it, views which would be about as discrimin ating and' valuable as the report of a prize fight by a woman journalist, and the other a Russian exile, versatile, accomplished, and entertaining,- who was working . a -Nihilistic vein of pure romance with beneficial effect upon a hitherto lean and hungry purse. He . claimed to be a count, and, as Russia is a ?big country and its illustrious waifs and strays . rarely localise their birthplaces, no one disputed his claim. But I had seen him'^ about six years previously, at Monte Carlo ?with a croupier's rake- in his hand. How ever, I make1 it a point to -forget many things. f A Polish musician who played like a ser : ? -'??'? aph and ate with his knife, a worldrenown ed traveller whose gyrations about the Pole have gained him wider .celebrity, than that of the most skilful gymnast, Mr. Merton Har ley, a gentleman who was, perhaps, my master's most intimate friend, and Gordon Key— God's Donkey they call him at the clubs — one of the richest bachelors in New York, and the most celebrated manabout ? town, completed the number of guests. . You may imagine whether, with? such persons of - distinction to cater for and serve, -I was not, on my mjettle. :-. But I was satisfied when, at 11 o'clock that { night, I threw a last glance.-about the apart-.. I ments and over the table before answering the electric bell which announced the return \- of Mr.' Jaffrey -with his. guests. ' ? The rooms were always beautiful, and they \ ~ :had been further adorned i-y :a lavish supply ;' of flowers. Indeed, , so Wtnickly scattered; \ were the blossoms that it almost seemed as : if the .ceiling. had opened^jand let fall a.- co- pious 'floral shower. ..- The dining and draw-- *' ing rooms opened put Of each other, half drawn.. portieres, of rare Persian rugs mark-* ing the distinction -between them, and mak ing a very beautiful and .tich 'framework for ' . the -exquisite picture of still-life that my ar \:- tistic exertions had created. i - I -do hot remember ^whether ,. I, have noted the fact that Mr. Jaffrey-'s apartment ,was 'situated at the 'very top of the house. He . had selected it from preference,, and:. the lift ,.. made it as easily accessible as'Xme of the lower floors. His dining-room, which I have not hitherto -described,.. awaiting tin's as the most fitting opportunity for so doing, was a unique and exceedingly effective room. In 1 order to -carry out his scheme -of decoration he 'had causedthe original ^ceiling to be torn down and a high and vaulted roof to be sub stituted. ~;This had been exquisitely painted by an artist of some Jocal .renown to repre 1 sent the sky, over winch fcy daylight fleecy clouds' seemed ^sailing,^ wliile at night the -J.«ffect was tbatjofr^be evening heavens. Here and there at Intervals Stars bad been cut, indistinguishable by ^&y;, 3-nt at night glowing with sofittelectric light; which, 'with the shaded ?eaAHeS'upon^he table, alone il lumined, tie -jxwrn. **jOJBier fixtures there -. were in the'TB5a31s''for nfle on ordinary occa ? sions, but rwiieri 'my ..master especially wish 'ed to honor his ..quests the heavens smiled -iownjupon'£iieni» A' - % ^ ^ v He hjtd selected for bid table decorations that evening orchids, the rarest and 'most fragile at flowers, and scarcely an inch of the exquisite tablecloth/a thing of cobwebby linen and lace insertion- laid iipon palest green satin, showed, on account of this even more costly floral covering. In the middle of the table a great silver plateau, plain as a mirror, save for a narrow rococo edge, held on the middle of its burnished surface a pic turesque heap of southern fruits— apricots, nectarines, peaches, oranges, lemons, and huge .clusters of black and; '5 transparent -grapes, a sight to move the most jaded pal ate to-fresh desire. . '.'?; . Scarcely a suggestion of an interior was offered by the room itself, which looked like nothing so much as a tropical jungle, so lined were its waljg with palms, . great spreading ferns, orange-trees in flower and fruit, and cacti. A large Louis-Quinze screen of panelled mirrors hid the passage into the. pantry and reflected the exquisite table and its glittering appointments. It was no wonder that a simultaneous ex clamation escaped the' women, used though they; were to the superlative expression of nineteenth-century luxury, when their eyes fell upon the beautiful scene.. Even the duchess was moved to press her host's arm in approval before- relinquishing it as she took her seat. 'After ail,' she said, in' that cultivated English accent which her promotion has brought with it, 'for absolute disregard of consequences, commend me to lny owVeouu .trymen.' : '.'? : . . -.' '. .'. ; j. . /.. 'What — er^twhat- is the- geod ?ofv thinking of the — er — tbe — er — consequences, your grace?' Mr. Jaffrey replied, as he stabbed a Little-Neck clam with his oyster-fork. 'I— er— suppose by consequences you— er--mean the cost. . Why — er, I shall have made a good, an excellent bargain by this little— er— expenditure to-night, don't you know? I shall — er — be ever so much richer tomor row, richer in memories, richer in — er— r aesthetic acquirement, richer in — er — experi- ence, and richer in — er — in — er — oh, in ever so many ways.' I was filling Miss Belmine's glass with Chablis as he said this, and she was remark ing .to Count Nihilo Bunoff— 'Her grace is out in full regalia to-night. What diamonds! Look at that sun! and those crescents! and that string of gems about her neck! Almost barbaric, such glitter, don't you think?' In common wfth the count I glanced at the duchess, and did not .wonder that the Beauty had been moved to exclamation by her appearance. All the women were dressed or undressed, as you choose to call itf within an inch of their lives; but she, the apotheosis of malted grain, her Grace of Clayborough, outshone them all. ,' She was a very beautiful woman of the brunette type, and her gown, of a curious shade of rose satin, clouded over the bust and over the huge puffs which did service for sleeves by a deep fall of black lace, ,was splendjdly becoming. Her own bosom and that of her gown were fairly ablaze with diamonds, and a superb sun shone from the dark masses of her rich black hair, like a single planet in a midnight sky. The string of gems to which Miss Belniine referred was one that was frequently noted by the society paragraphers. It was a chain of very pure white stones, in a setting of white gold so delicate as to show scarcely at all. This was wound once about her neck and then fell, in a loose loop, to, her waist. She had a trick, apparently due to absent-mindedness, but doubtless the result of studied effect, of toy ing with this scintillating chain, raising it in a careless handful, dropping it as if it were a string of Scotch pebbles, and letting it -trickle casually through her slender fin gers, only to catch it up again and repeat the process. In this manner. . when her hands were not otherwise employed, the dia monds were kept in constant motion, and so glittered and sparkled and shone and burned, attracting and fascinating the gaze of the most careless .beholder. She was the guest of Mrs. Munyon Pyle, and the .latter, seated* on my master's left, was recounting to Carolus Despard, who hadtaken her in, some close shave that their brougham had had on the way to the opera, I caught the end of the story as, in my tour of the table, I reached them— ' 'Twas really a narrow escape. The horses are new— Munny has just bought them — and, as I have been down to Tuxedo for the past week, they have not had much exercise.' 'Ah, yes; fresh as paint, I suppose. Those brutes of coachmen never properly obey or ders as to exercising, --unless your .eye is on them. I congratulate you and the duchess upon your escape.1' He raised his glass, and, leaning forward, caught her grace's eye, to embrace her in the toast. 'To our good fortune and the disappoint ment of the gods!' he exclaime/l, bowing to the two women in turn. . My master of' course raised his wine and joined in. drinking the toast, drawling, as he deposited the empty glass again on the ta ble— 'An ercellent-^er — sentiment, Caro, but— er— er— a cause de.quoi?' ? The story was then rehearsed for his bene fit, but I lost i%, as my duties called me out of earshot. ' 'As I was about ( serving her grace with petits souvenirs en ambuSscade a la Yvette Guilbert, an absolutely new crea tion of the chef whom my master pStronised, and a sort of entree en coquille, the elements of whieh were so skilfully disguised and so artistically produced, that though the flavor ing was strong it did not offend the most fastidious palate, while it awoke a thousand delicious reminiscences of past feasts — as I was about serving this novel and seductive entree, I say, I heard my master ask— . 'Had— er— had you your footman witii you, Mrs. Pyle?' Mrs. Pyle shrugged her shoulders. 'Unfortunately, no,' she replied. 'The creature has taken this time to, indulge in some sort of illness.. So stupid 'o'f, him! It's a horrid nuisance for me, just now while the duchess is with me; but I have a new .man coming to-morrow.' ; ??„??. ? : ? _~ ' ♦-'Will you^er— will you drive home with the same horses?' ' , . ? 'Oh, yes, I suppose so. The, streets will be -quiet by that' time, and there s^ili be no danger/'- ??' -- ;. ??.?'??.,:':?'.-. ?£;???-?. ?' Mr. Jaffrey shook his head- . ?/. . 'i— er-^am not so sure, of tha'ii'&'n'e said. 'I-^er— shall send jny man home with you on the Tjox. He— ^er is^a *[uick-witted ras cal,, don't you know, and — er— no-end of a fellow about horses. ,J3fe— er— t-t': ? Again I was obliged to (pass-oui;©f hearing, reluctant though I was to obey the necessity, but I found later on! that my ina^ter's argu ments had prevailed, as I received orders from him, after the supper was concluded and the guests had passed into the drawing room, to hold myself an readiness to occupy, the second seat on the:l)ox of- Mrs. Pyle's brougham when that lady should see fit to depart. It was ^ot until some two Jiours later, however, that the desirableness of such a. proceeding seemed to suggest itself to Mrs. Pyle. It -was half after two, and I bad 4iad time to set the^dining-room in order after the' hotel-men had cleared the table, and to catch several ^cat-naps in my sitting-room, ^before I- was summoned. My- light slumbers had' been disturbed by 'dreams in whieh the gleaming gems 'worn r by the Duchess *ol Glayborough flayed a prominent part. It seemed to me that I was in a sort of bower, watching a. cascade c falling from a great height. ,-1 thought that as it fell it seemed to change 'into Vralnbow of wonderful colors, which, although' a rainbow,' 'was yet mar vellously inminous and fcrilliant. ., I sai* aloud, 'Tliey must bp : throwing colored elec tric lights upon it, to jglve It' that 'appear an.ee,' and a voice answered me, 'J£ool! those are diamonds, not 'water, which you see there. Plunge in your hands and help your self; such a chance does not come twice in a man's lifetime. You wiH be rich, rich, rieh!' And I did as the voice bade me, but, instead of grasping that glittering, scintillating stream, I a. woke to find, myself clutching with both hands the leg of the stable. ^6Vay the dream 'did not a'ffect me would be unjrue. The sight of' such diamonds as ? those worn 'byher grace woud arouse the cu pidity of men less easily tempted than I. I-. could not help casting 'up the probable value of that splendid trinket, and picturing to myself tiie easy and eomfortabie existence which its possession would insure to a man skilful .enough to acquire it. When I answered the bell which aroused me from dreams and visions connected with those fascinating sparklers, I v found the guests assembling in the haU,. .preparing for departure and showering upon their host «uperlative' expressions -of their appreciation of his entertainment, uttered*, however, in that languid, almost bored, manner and tone which might mislead one not familiar with the customs of fashionable society. As I appeared upon the scene, Mr. Jaffcey was folding the duchess in a wrap of black and gold brocade, lined and edged about its numerous capes with royal ermine, and was fastening it at the throat with a deftness that woiild have done credit to a French maid. He was exceedingly clever hi , his comprehension of the puzzling details of wo man's dress, and was never betrayed into the awkwardness frequently occasioned his sex by those- capricious and bewildering ec centricities, hooks and eyes. 'You are the first man who has ever solv ed the .intricacies of that fastening,' her grace was saying, with her beautiful face raised to his, and her big, languorous black eyes glowing into the blue ones just above her. His hands still lingered below the, softly rounded chin, as if they loved their task, and as she spoke he slowly dropped them, with that deliberateness of movement pecu liar to him, to the next fastening just over her bosom. . 'There is— er — a fastening here,' he said, lowering his voice and meeting her chal lenging look with one full of significance, 'which the world says;'is-^er — is securely de fended against all attempts. Would^^r-^ .would that I had equal comprehension of— er— of the-^r— mysteries of its peculiar con struction.' He had dropped a pace or two back, and, with his hands thrust into his poekets,: was standing confronting her, with a bold look' of admiration on his face. She lowered her eyes for an instant, and then raised them, filled, with aliuring encour agement, to his. 'And yet its secret might so easily be forced from its owner's keeping by— the right man,' she replied softly. Then, chang ing her tone and extending both hands, she continued, 'The charm of this place makes us quite forget decency. The tardiness of our departure will make, you* repent your hospitality. It has been- quite, too delicious, and J shall remember it for ever and 'ever. Good- night! Many thanks! Too bad to take your man out at this hour, but I con fess I shall feel safer. You are going down with .us? Quite unnecessary. You will? Oh, you prince of hosts!' And so, conduct ed by my master, the charming group troop ed out to the lift, quite filling it by their number, while I took the stairs. (To be continued.) 