Miscellaneous Mail News. From the latest English files to band we take the following interesting items : — A Grantham lady, named Smith, who has just attained her 100th year, in addition to doing her own housework, nnr.-es an invalid nephew. ? Mrs. Neighbour of Asliurst Wood, has also ^een ce'c brating her 100th birthday. Her 11 children have themselves had 86 children, these in turn having had 172, with 31 children of the next generation, making a total of 303, of whom 200 are still liviug. ? A widow, aged 102, has just died near C.-rragh. Through a mistake in the printed list a Battorsea lady was summonel to serve on a coroner's jury. She wrole the coroner saying she wai 'afraid her sex would render her unable to serve as a juryman.' A first edition of Iziak W.ilton'e ' Compleat Angler' fetched £415 at an auction sale in London. — A Strad violin rea'ised £J45.— A flounce of Brus sels lace soid for 205 guineas, a Greek coin 2300 years old going for £32. Two familiar rooks 111 Bournemouth Bay were known us ' Old Harry and His Wife.' TLe ' Wife ' succumbed dur.ng the recent gale. A silver collar was publ'cly placed 011 the neck of a retriever dog for saving the lives of captain and mate of a sailing barge which foundered in North fleet Hope. A blind beggar who sat for many years ou Waterloo Bridge not only kept his family well, but had saved up £230 at the time of his death. It has been found necessary to place an iron grille round the recumbent effigy of a dean in Bristol Cathedral, worshippers, without thinking, being in the habit of placing their hats and coats upon it, making the effigy look ridiculous. A ghost story comes from Dublin. A lady says she has lately seen the figure of a deceased member of the chapter sitting iu his stall in the cathedral. A second lady asserts that she has seen the same figure. The Lambeth Guardians, finding young women object to the term, have alio.ist.ed ' general servant ' altogether, substituting for it ' ward maid.' The City Council of Brussels has passed a vote prohibiting ladies wearing hats in theatres. The Appeal Court has upheld the conviction of n London milk-seller for crying his wares on the Sun day. The conviction of a Sheffield barber was quashed owing to a tecliLicality. _ A Croydon lady bought a piece of turquoise linenette from a draper for the purpose of lining a dres», and after handling it and cutting it up she be came ill, exhibiting the f-ymptons of what was alleged to be arsenical poisoniug. She therefore sued thediaperin the County Court, claiming £50 damages. The defence was that if the material did, like others of the same class, contain an infinitesimal quantity of arsenic, it was not sufficient to do any harm, a hundred yards of it containing It ss than an ordinary dose. The J udge held that the poisoning had not been proved, and gave judgment for the draper. A bridegroom, aged 21, was sued at Croydon for 11 sum of money for goods supplied with a view to his marriage, which took place the previous day. Judg ment was given for the plaintiff, aud the registrar re marked that in 99 cases of 100 the man who has no right to get married and cannot afford to da so does get married, aud lives at the expense of other people. A woman told a London magistrate that she was married 13 years ago, and soon after, on account of his bad treatment, was forced to leave her husband. She had not seen or heard of him since, and she wished to know if she could marry agaiu. The magistrate advised her not to do eo, or she would ruu a risk of being punished for bigamy. A. local physician who paid 25 visits to a lady patient, sued for his fees in a London county couii, and was awarded his claim at the rate of £2 a visit. The noise of a motor car in Liver). 0 d caused a pony to bolt. In the county court the owner of the pony was awarded damages. There has just died at Blackpill, between Swan sea aud Mumbles, a man named Charles lleid, for whom tlie detectives had long been searching for his alleged connection with the j ute frauds in Dundee, which involved a sum of £40, 000. During tho past 2& years tho detectives had been searching for Keid iu such far-off places ns India and America while he was living quietly at Blackpill. A youth was summoned for shouting papers in the streets of Southampton on Sunday. A Histon baker was summoned for kissing a lady wheu delivering biead. 'i he case was withdrawn ou his paying the costs and promising to subscribe one guinea to a local hospital. A young man was sentenced to penal servitude for life for caus'ng the death of h s sweetheart by trampling on her. She was about to become a mother. An American millionaire bas just had a pleasure yacht constructed at Gremock at a cost of £100,000. It is now bsing fitted out in New York as a floating pilace for a cruisa in the Mediterranean. ' A lady in Paris sued a physician for injuring ber ch'n whde professing to get rid of a beard. ' She lose the case, ihe Court holding that the paste, which was harmless, had been merely laid ou with too much vigour. A man charged in Germany with steal'ug elec tricity was discharged on the ground that only a movable object could be stolen. A French expedition to the Niger possessed a phonograph, with which they took down war-souj; s of the tribes. Morgue officials in New York are charged with a wholesale traffic in unclaimed bodies, selling them to physicians and colleges at prices ranging from £20 to £100. e The shipment of Ameiican horses to England is steadily increasing. In 1893 Great Britain took 13,737 American horses, nearly 23,000 in 1891, and 34,000 in 1895, but duiing the first nine months of 1896 more Ameiican horses were shipped into England than iu aDy previous twelve months. Horses are now very cheap 111 America. A large number has lately been bought by the Spanish Gov ernment in Texas for cavalry ' service iu Cuba at 40dol. per head. Mars is just uow in opposition to the earth, the ' canals ' on the surface being plainly visible. An American of wealth, following the example of the late Father Damien, has taken up his abode amongst the lepers at Molokai, intending to spend the rest of his life on the inland. Sympathy. — Nature makf s sympathy a necessity to ub ; society makes it a duty; habit may make it a pleasure. What the sun is to the body, sympathy is to the soul. Wherever you find a nature with drawn from the genial influence of sympathy you may observe traces of abnormal weakness and melancholy. The lack of sympathy throws a shadow over a man's life in which he loBts the ruddy glow of joyousness, and a gloomy misanthropy and some times^ mental decrepitude are apt to derange all his affections. If each reader of these lines were to breathe the spirit of sympathy in his or her daily life how different would be the aroma around his or her dwelling, how much would be added to the general stock of the world's happiness, and how much lighter would onr own burdens bccr-me by the simple expedient of sharing thoreof others ! -r Bet. A. Finlaynon, 