wattle; flat news. [From Advocate Correspondent, WATTI/e 1?LAT, Monday, ! A nigger minstrel concert and social held in the Jersey Hall on Thursday night was a pronounced success. There was a good at tendance and much enthusiasm was exhi bited. The first contributio.i, 'The Last Farewell, by Mr. Grater, was well received. 11 There is a Tavern in this Town,' by Miss Amy B.'ockwell. and ' Golden Slippers,' by Mr. Reilly (in character), evoked much mer riment. 'sweetly ureaming, miss uean M'Donald, was very prettily rendered. ' Friends were saying Good-bye,' Mr. T Morris, and ' The Corn is Wavihg,' Mr. T. King, were creditably dealt with. ' Tho Sailor's Welcome Star,' Mrs. Grater, was nicely snng. ' Dear Kind Doctor,' Miss Ida King, called forth general expressions of ap proval. Mrs. Myring. for the rendering of 'Nellie Baking the Hay,' was recalled and presented with numerous boquets. ' The Cabin on the Mississipi Shoro ' and I Ain't Agoing to Tell,' by Mr. H. Jones, were much appreciated. Miss M'Donald in her usual pleasing style rendered ' Tho Old Folks at Home' and ?' Tho Young Ladies' No.' Mr. J. King sang with dramatic effect ' On the Benches in the Park ' and ' Touching 'Km Up a Bit.' 'I'll take you Back Again, Kathleen,,' and ' The Skipper ' were very ably rendered by Mr. C. Jones. With much feeling Mis. Grater contributed ' Who'll buy my Love Knots.' '? Love's'Old Sweet Song,' Mrs. Myring, was very sweetly snng. 'Their Heads Nestled Closer Together'- by Sir. Grater, was given in a masterly and touching manner. Mr. Morris was very much at home with ' The Pretty Cigar Girl ' when the curtain fell. Miss King played tho piano accompaniments in a. masterly and pleasing manner, assisted by Mr. J. Sykes ' Joe's Ghost,' terminated one of the most suecessfnl conccrtB held here for a long time. At 11 o'clock the floor was cleared, and about 30 couples started to trip the light funtastic to the piano (Mr. Grater) and violin (Mr. Sykes). Aiirst-class repast was served at 1 o'clock, after which tho gay company made mery till the small hours. In addition to his valuable services, Mr. Grater gave tho use of the piano gratuitously for the benefit ,of the club. Professor Massie, with his team of dogs, gave an exhibition of canine sagacity to a fairly largo audience on Saturday night. The Professor purposes starting oil a tour through the colonies shortly, and judgiug ! from the really clover actB that he cauceshis dogs to perform on horozontalbars, ladders, chairs, ctc., ho should have a successful time. Beveral heavy frosts that occurred here last week have played havoc with tho early potato and pumpkin crops, also tho early j fruit have been greatly damaged, 