THE PRINCESS GF ONAWE. A TALE, OF 0.LD NEW ZEALAND By Jessie Mackay. Chapter HI — (Continued.) 'You did well, Korora,' sail the youth, his quiet tone contradicting the fierce gleamof his eyes. She pushed hack her thick hlack hair wearily,* and held out her ihands with a pleading grace, saying ' No more of her now. Once more I shall speak to her — but not now.' ' It is . of you I am thinking, Korora,' he said In the mist of his spirit's blindness he was lauding him self as a beneficent being who had come to comfort this girl's dying hours. 'Talk not of me; Hori. I am as good as dead. The wind blows out of the west to-night, and to-morrow it is gone — so it is with me. But you, my chief — you remain. I am looking down the years for you, Hori. I see the two roads — the way of the Maori and the way of the Pakeha. Which shall be yours ? I see the way of the Pakeha ; it is steep, it is new, it is hard to the foct. I see the old way, the way of thp tussock and fern, thj ancient way of sleep and of ease. They would not let us walk in peace where our fathers trod. They called for the free bare feet to walk the rocky way. Let 'the pakeha perish ! Let him wither like, a manuka blossom ! 'I see your days long— night after night, and moon after moon. The old way, the soft way, the ancient way is drawing you ; the gods are dead, but, their, ghosts are in the.'fteinga... The ghost of the gods are calling you, and your blood answers, Hori. Ghost ot god to ghost of man — aue aue ! ' Why did you despise the fathers, Hori 1 There were heroes once ; there were giants once. O that we two wee back in the morning of the giants in Aotea-roa 1 Late we came, and the shadow of the Pakeha cursed nrs. Th'e ancient way, the way cf the 'Magri, is drawing you, Hori; but I shall never walk there with you. Aue ! the Croat Dark, where the voice of love is no;. !' Hori was ashamed of the unexpected remnant of superstition that thrilled him; Korora's entranced look and impassioned whisper might have been those of a Delphian priestess. ' Be at peace, maiden of liiy love,' he said, not knowing how to reply. , ' ' Ghosts or gods !' muttered Korora, smiling darkly. '-Tkey cannot save, (hey can punish. The Wind God of Onawe is but a ghost ; yet he has cursed, and the curse shall stand.' Then the fateful look of the Norna went out of her eyes, and she mur mured in a tone of yearning tenderness.' ' Hori, my lord, my chief !' . ? * * * ?* Fairy, was too powerfully oppressed with shame to let fall a word of the slight her lover had put upon her ; and Mrs Galbraith was forced to attribute her ghastly looks to the melancholy sight of the dying girl acting on a mind already distressed. The mother's sympathy urged her to a last effort for the lovers. ' Henry, tvhen is all this to end 1' she said pliintively that evening. 'We are punished enough, poor little Fairy and I.' ' And Heaven knows I'm punished,' said the Captain hotly, ''to think that a daughter of mine should enter into such a preposterous entanglement, and that you should back her.' Mrs Galbraith was a singularly logical woman, but she had long learned the futility of direct argument with her husband. ' I can'*' bear it,' she said simply. ' Preposterous or not, I can'fc bear it. The hollowness of the child's vobe goes to my heart like a knife.' ' She is only a child,' said the Cap tain. She will live to thank me for saving her from a fortune-hunter — a low- bred son of a snail-eater.' '? She may or she re ay not,' diplo matically replied his wife. '' She Avill not remain a child always. Has it ever struck you, my wise old Captain, that she might marry someone whose ancestors have eaten much worse than snails?' ' What do you mean, Joanna?' 'I mean that Fairy is terribly isolated ; she sees no one of her own age but rough sailors — and Hori Mar. And Hori Mar is quick and clever, and handsome as a statue.' The Captain looked at ? her with wide eyes and in silence for some time. 'lhen he said, slowly, ''Even that would be better than the son of ?Lemaire.' The proud insular blood leaped to his wife's cheek. ' I have made sacrifices,' she said, hastily. 'I never named them before, but I beg you to remember, this once. Not that— for my daughter — anything but that !' 'Indeed, Joanna, the suggestion was yours; not mine,' said the Captain, quickly. ' Either would be impossible; of course, impossible.' ' He mused bitterly a few moments. ' Sacrifices ! Do I ever forget them, Joanna ? Should I care so much for the fast and loose dealing of Tuha waiki and the intrigues of that cursed Lemaire if it were net -your fortune they were taking away1?' ' I know it,' she said with a tender reproach, which added a rare grace to her mature beauty. ' Yours is the ?noblest form of the earth-fever — but a fever it is still. If Henry Galbraith had been a less proud man — shall I say a less noble man ? — 1 should have been a happier woman. Little enough I ever thought of anything I gave up for you. There are essentials and un essentials in life. We had our home, and our daughter and each other — we needed nothing more. But this money has always stood between us like a spectre. It took away from me all the years of our youth ; it has changed you from the bright boy I remember to a brooding, suspicions man. It is Wan galoi you think of by day and dream of by night. My dear old captain, get well of this fever. We don't mind ' dining off tin instead of gold. Fairy and I. You don't understand women quite as well as you do whales, I think.' , bhe had unvt-iled the sanctum &f; her lsoul with a curious mixture of shyness and irnperiousness. Now, she laid lier hands over her husband's arm, and clasped them there. '- ,';'' Wangaloa, has been a shadow on my life. Let that pass ; it was all for a noble: fancy. But don't — don't — don't let it blight Fairy's. This young in-iii was condemned unheard.1 (Jive him a fair hwiring.' She knew from the relaxing of the arm within hers that the point was gained. That night the Captain with drew his veto on Edward Lemaire as a guest and admitted tne possibility of considering him as a son-in-law. And Mrs Galbnikh was bitterly disappointed and puzzled when Fairy received the news with silences and tears. *?????*, * * The sun of Kirora's last day was high in the sky, whpn she roused her self and called to 'her father, whose hard heart \yas6wrung with an agony of grief at the near dissolution of his last and favorite child. ' Korora whispered the names of some of the chief men of the tribe ; all these were speedily gathered around her. ' Fathei, I leave you. . There is no help ; the day 3 of Korora are ended.' A crooning wail came, from the elder.*. ' Listen,' whispered Koroi-a, eagerly. ' Are the Ngai Ta-lm yet men ?. Can they avenge a chief's daughter ? Be hold , me, niy father! Behold me, O friends ! Know yqu what sickness this is 1 It; is makutu !' At tlie word malcutu — bewitching, or -sorcery— every warrior's fuce -was con-, vulsed with, iMWMged. surprise, every, hand clutched ;..- ;if, a weapon. The fierce question, '? Who ? Who ?' ran from lip to lip. 'It is ihft whit3 Kapene and his flanglv.cr,' whispered Korora exult ingiy. During (long weeks of pain iin.i dncay she -had secretly gloated over this hour of vengeance, though with- strong determination she had withheld her hand till the latest moment, lest she should lose any chance of a last interview with Hori ' ih' white Kapene and his daugh ter. Not any other— not Hori Mar the father, nor Hori Mar ihe'son ; they are friends to the Maori, and no sorcerers.' She smiled wofully here; for well she knew that the disease of which slfe died had been hastened, if not caused by the malcutu of love. She lay quite still for a long time ; then, the last remnant of life shot up like the last dying flicker of a lamp, and she called clearly— ?'Farewell, O friends! The white Kapene and his daughter have done this. Avenge me !'' Then Korora, the Sea Gull, idolator and atheist, triumphantly turned her face to the wall and. died. ; Chapter IV. ' GHOST OP GOD TO GHOST OF MAN !' In the late afternoon of that same day, the (vhaling station 'was con cluding its daily labors, and gathering for the ensuing meal. Hori Mar was following the men when he heard a low call from the edge of the bush. Turning back, he found it was Man gahara. 'Come nearer,' said the hunchback, keeping cautiously among the trees. ' Are yon a friend to the white Kanerw ?' '? I am.' ' Then listen and save him. To night Tubawaiki comes at midnight to hum the station and kill the Kapene and the bright maiden, his daughter.' Hori's brain whirled. ' What treachery h this ?' he asked fiercely. . ' Alas ! who know3 ?' answered Mangahara, sadly. ' Korora, the chief's daughter, died this noon — died of sorcery, as she said. She called on tribe to avenge her on the white Kapene and the girl.' Hori stood petrified. He had not scrupled to use the dying girl's hand in his schemes ; and now out of her grave that hand was stretched to wreck them. But were they wrecked 1 This catas trophe cut the Gordian knot of many difficultifs. Migiit it not be that the ghostly hands of Korora had flung the living, loving form of Fairy Salbraith into his arms ? ' Awake, O Hori Mar, whom the gods made straight !' said the dwarf harshly. ' Is your mind crooked 1 Is it feeble ?' The boy's lightning career of thought . turned into the channel of necessity. He had lived a man's life of. action; the crisis found him cod. ' The ship is ready ; she was to sail in the morning. The captain is here ; tlie men are at hand.\' Then he flashed a piercing look at the Maori. ' Is this indeed truth, Mangahara, or a trap for us ?' The hunchback met his eyes without flinching. ' O youth, he who doubts his battle axe falls in the fight. I have risked my life for the Pakeha this day ; is not that enough ?' '? Yon have dared the anger of Tuhawaiki for us then ! Do you not believe in mahutu?' Even for the privileged hunchback he guessed the penalties of crossing the will of the Ngai Tahus' overlord. A cunning look came over the dwarf's face. ' Kaiiore ! who said I disbelieved ? If the Kapene is a sor cerer, indeed, he needs not the warning, for ' he knows already. If the chief's daughter spoke in her d^ath delirium, and he is a true man, he should not die.' Then he added simply, ' Wrong have I never found with the Kapene. And the maid — she is brave and beautiful as Hinemoa of the lake.' ' She is to be my wife,' said Hori, slowly and emphatically. ' For har Fake and the Kapene 's I thank you a thousand times.' Tlie dwarf answered gravely, ? 'Is she to be your wife indeed? Away, then, away.' Hori was already dashing through the garden, and into the house where the inmates were gathering for dinner, ihs news burst auioug them like a shell. The women stood up pale but tearless ; the captain was a figure of despair. ?'' Fly, yes ; but where ?' 'T.i Otakou !' ;cried both the Mars together. ? . ? ? ? 'I am a chief ' in Otakou, said' George Mar, the Pakeha-Maori. . 'In my hapu you will be welcome for ever and a day. We'll start business afresh. Never say die, captain.' . And Hori was whispering to Fairy. ' Don't look so white. Many ji Maori should look his last on the sun .before we let you come to harm.' Fairy gave him her hand with a sa smile, thinking that Heaven, who had taken away the dreams of a lover, had given her a true brother. But there was no time for talking. Each flew to collect what could be most quickly taken on board. The Mars toolc com mand almost entirely. Hori's memory and activity were phenomenal ; he seemed ubiquitous. ' I uon't understand — I can't under stand,' said the Captain weakly. ' Why should I bewitch the girl ?' Hori was carrying a heavy load of household stuff ; but he turned and re plied in a sharp undtrtone — ' Can't you see, Captain ? It's a blind. The girl was dying for weeks; and not a word of malcutu till ,to-'iay. Tuhawaikis is as deep as the devil. What do you think Lemaire s son was doing in Wangaloa these monti.s past V Why did he come again and again in in secret ! Can't you see ?' A great oath burst from the captain. ' I do see. And I was going to' open my doors to him !'?. Hori, who well knew his man and his hour, felt his load a feather, as he strode to the be.ach. By 'starlight the fugitives set out with a fair wind for Otakou. With a faint story wonder Fairy watched the colossal shadows of her lost kingdom In closing a life period it is human nature to'Tevert to the beginning of it ! and she was connincr over in a mechanical way, the day of her first ascen*: of Onawe. ' I said thing3 did not happen now. They do ; but they happen wrong. A maiden forsaken — a princess disowned — and not seventeen. The Wind-God has conquered.' Life began to stir. She set her little mouth firmly against the militant Unseen. For all her life after, an under-current of belief in the Maori legend. remained in her. Then she fell to blaming herself for tlie paralysis of feeling that had seized her since the interview with Korora, so that this wreck of fortune which had shaken her mother, and shattered her father left her almost unmoved. But the strange and bitter tonic was working in her. For as she saw the sorrowful figures of her parents over against her tlie dead ness of her spirit broke up in a brief, human'Vng gust of self-less tears, and she was the old Fairy Galbraith again. ' God is greater than the dvmon of Onawe, and we are still in the hollow of His hand,' she said. Her cheeks were wet in the darkness, but her voice was cheerful as she crossed over. ' Let us bear it grandly. The lives of people don't make ne.v stories now ; we only act over the old. Don't you see it is ' The Tempest ' we are acting now ? The rebellious Duchy the magician Prospero — the island, that's Otakou— and Miranda, that's me. You weren't in the first story, you know, mother ; but you are alive and much in evidence in this. O, yes, it is only a play ; and if we act well and wisely we shall get our Duony back, and all shall end well.' But she was stabbed with the memory that the Ferdinand of this Miranda had come already and gone for ever. Shortly after midnight a glare in the north showed the fate of the deserted whaling station. Then came the desolate landing at Ofcakou in a cold day of autumn. They did not come to total barbarism, however ; some whalers and their families were settled there : and rude but civilised hospitality was pressed upon the fugitives. George Mar had in no way understated his influence in Otakou, and he made his old partner s interests identical with his own. After a month or two of planning and ar ranging they laid the foundation of a new business ; and it seemed as if Captain Galbraith stood a fair chance of retrieving his fortunes. But his mind, though it regained much of its business po\ver, never regained its native elasticity ; that was buried with his lost Wangaloa. Without a word of repining the women took up tlie thread of their lives again. Fairy still loved the huh with an Oriental love ; and stole many an hour to wander under the great wooded bluffs of Ota kou, but her elf- days were over. She did not grudge her hand to the lowliest women's work ; she compassed every gentle, womanly art possible within the primitive settlement. . She had laid away her pretty old title with the soul's lavender in her heart of hearts. None called her the Princess oE Onawe now. Two years after their landing she heard from Hori of Edward Lsmaire's marriage, the news of which had been carried by a passing whaler. He told it guardedly, with downcast eyes and no allusion to show he had ever known of that episode in her life. A cold spasm seemed to contract Fairy's heart, but she felt no surprise, only an aching, child-like wonder if she, the wife, would care that his facile love had once been given to a savage — once ? perhaps many times. Her life slowly grew over the wound, as a healthy tree has been known to embed and grow over a tomahawk stuck into it. In past ages women br coded; in this they also analyse. But _ Fairy did nfither. A sweet, irrational ' child-element 'remained in her life always She did not think herself unhappy ; the d:iily tasks seldom found her-Tliscc-iraged or listless. In her innermost hean there was a shrink, a bower with dewy ferns, and the bird songs of an undying summer ; and in tlie bower, was a l-right-liaired Viking, whose face had'the beauty of strength, and whose word was as firm as the hills — .in Edward Lemairo who had died the diy he had loft her in Wan galoa. Somewhere in the world she knew there was a fo- sworn and errant Edward Lemaire wandering the se.is with a co.-irsening face — but h-- had nothing to do with tho shrine. \- But all this was hidden. Her Hfcilo world made c amorous dpinanrk on her. Slip was not only the li-ht. of her own home; all tlie cliildivn in the place ?idored her ; leaching became a con siderable part of her existence. Every nn varried man in the settlement was her bond slave. Not many of these' sons of the wildernosss got so far as a direct .proposal. After a few trying ordeals, Fairy learned the cunning of necessity i.nd parried many an uncouth declaration Wh'n she was Wenly H*ri M.ir plainly asked her to marry him. She hii'1 been troubled for some time with misgivings as to his fraternal feelings. He read in her face a repulsion amounting almost to horror. ' Is it the cursed black blood you object to ?' he d.-manded with a lower ing face. 'No,' said Fairy -ru'hfully. She had none -if the strong nice prejudice latent in herniother. . ?' I would cnUbnt' the TJlaoriiialfdf me if I^conld;' he said,, savagely. ' ; '?-And [ should like' you none the better ''slie retorted witlrsnirit. '.Yon should not liate^your-- mother's people, Hori.. Who made one whice and another brown?, I have - found the In-own people brave and kind, and I like thorn.' ' Am I too ugly to look at V ' His -vjico was melodiously penetra trative'in its ' soft Italian vocality. Fairy looked up at the magnificent creature in front of her, and answi-red candidly without the ghost of a blush — 'You ..re the- most beautiful man I ever saw —except my father when he was .young.' Edward had always shown something of the Sea King's outer ruggedness ; for chiseled perfection he could not be com pared with this dark Memnon statue. 'Then what is it; ana I lazy, or a fool?' ' You are as far as the poles from being either,' she replied. She knew perfectly well that the younger Mar was the guiding star of the firm at this time. 'It's only this, Hori. Don't you' remember the ' bracelet bound brother ' in L.E.L.'s Indian poem ? You are that to me. We grew up together; I'm just your little white sister. I like you ; but it would be terrible, prepos terous for us to marry.' ' A girl's reason,' he said, ' because I havs helped you, worked for ..you, lived for you, you will never marry me. You might have cared for me if the wind11 had blown me here yesterday, and you were not sure whether I was a convict from Van Dieman's Land.' ' Any woman might have cared for you ; any woman not your sister.' 'I will wait for a better answer,' he said boldly. ' Don't, don't. Take it now ; it will never be better,' said Fairy anxiously. Then there fell a constrained quiet on these two for a long time. One year stole after another ; the Captain si ill fretted over his lost Wangaloa ; his wife's eyes still followed him with a strong, patient faithfulness in their gray depth ; Fairy's beauty grew richer in the salt breezes of Otakou. Then a sad thing happened. George Mar fell sud denly and fatally ill. He was not delirious ; but he was haunted by one desire which he harped upon till he died. This was that his son should return at once to the family home in Britain. Hour after hour he rang the changes on this theme. ' Hori, boy, go home to England ; go back before the blood wakes in you. It's strong, strong, it will drag you down yet if you stay. They'll be proud of you ; there never was a Mar yet who could give you points, though I say it myself. Marry Fairy, and take her with you ; she'll keep you straight — straighter than ever your father went. Sell out and go home to the old folk.' ' It would spoil the business. Hurry's not speed,' said the young man. The Pakeha Maori raised himself on his elbow. ' You're wrong, Hori boy. Are we getting what we did out of it ? No, and we never' shall again. The seals are gone, and the whalc-s are going. Old New Zealand's done — good and bad, it's done now ; and the new is neither i'or you nor me, lad. ' Go home while your a man— and such a man! For it's coming, I tell .you — the day when the boot will burn your foot, and the coat will blister your back, and the sun will steal the brains from your head. I went the way of the Maori once, and came back ; but if you ever walk in it you'll die in it.' Hori's magnificent eyes widened; once before dying lips had told him some thing like this. He had never been an undutifnl son ; and he hastened to soothe his father with promises of obedience. bo ureorge Mar was laid to rest in the place of his wife's hapu, under the bluffs of Otakou — the wild and lovely coast where soon the Scottish emigrants were to found their Andipodean Dnnedin. The alert and friendly sailor left a sad blank in the life of the Galbraiths. Business anxieties began to gather weight, it was but too true what George Mar said — the whaler's day was over in New Zealand. The great creatures whose migratory routes had lain so regularly along the coasts had failed, or taken to other ocean highways ; and the intakings no longer paid expenses. So '...?. ? ? . \ ? ?_ in the following months 'Hoti 'and the Captain began to consider'the winding up of their affairs in Otakou. Enough could still be realised to start them com-1 fortably in a ' new line of life ; but a fatality of inertia seeraeJ' t) hang over. their plans. Hori asked the Captain to accompany him to Britain, but ?'half- heartedly ; it was plain that, like old trees, they clung to the soil Even before his father's death 'Fairy had noticed a change in Hori ; he seemed disinclined for any couiiiiuocs exertion, either of body or mind. Fits ol lazy brooding came over him ; he would sit in the^sun and smoke for hours, wliile the' men of the settlement were at work. Fairy took him gently to 'task six months after, his father died , , ' Hori, you're getting like kiny eat,. Waniba. If you bask'witli half1 shut eyes miuh longer. Lshall expect to. hear you purr. Come and see them'cut down. tlie big pine ; I like to see it crash ' Hori stretched himsslf and followed her. - - ??? ^ They were passing the Maori k'ainga,. and he looked with a curious., wistfulness at the barbaric peace of the sunny'. 'marae. ' What webs we keep spinning, we white people !' he said, suudenl}% ' building, writing, thinking'— all slider webs - alt in the air. . What's ' this to morrow we^ are building and spinning for ? , It never, comes ; it's ,-hi. .the; air, and of the air, and air is nothing. To-day, and' the sun, and a pipe'1 that's all a man needs from now to the;grave.' Jbairy was much surprised and .little pleased with this philosophy. -, „ ' When are you going home, Jlori ?' she asked to change the conversation. i He did not repjy for a»..few seconds ; . he' was watching the '-landward, flying gal's. '? A light ofC the' old adventurous « v'« daring flashed into his face.* ? ' - '?' 'Now, Fairy -at once, if you'Vill marry me and come away.' ? 5 'O' Hori ; t thought yoii had for- , gotten, that fancy long ago, 'she. said in, ,' dismav. . , -, ,. ?. „' '/;'. : 'It's no fancy, Fairy. ,r' It's' 'my -. salvation for this world and 'the 'next — if there is a next. I will spin' w(ebM' all mv life like any other white 'man. I will make you rich - make you happy, I swear it. Only take me and' save me !' The old common cty ol , , the sons ot Adam fell on her woman's senses .with out a thrill. \ A shamed compassion was swelling in her breast ; for the first time in her life she felt the barrier of race , between herself and Hori. x ; ; ' Forget it, Hori. You' know the Bible says we must work' out our own salvation. And I can never .leave.' .my father and mother.' ,\ 'J ' . A trance of apathy was descending on. the half-caste. He answered sullenly — 'Then remember that your's is the fault. I would have stayed-— what I was— for you sake, and you '.would -not let me. Yours is the fault.'.- .' She scarcely .yet grasped the import of his words, but the sad current of her . thoughts was soon diverted. For that day the settlement had visitors of a new and rare sort. It was two young Maoris in a canoe. All the population turned out to see the landing ; for their fame had gone before them. ' The son of Te Raup.iraha ! Wonder ful, wonderful !' cried tho people. The slender but stately young man who first stepped ashore was indeed Tamihana, Te Rauparaha's son, the thicker set and shorter man ayIio fol lowed being his cousin, Mateue te Whiwhi. It is matter of history how these noble scions of the !Ngatitoa, having received baptism from the Rev. Octavius Hadfield, afterwards Bishop and Primate, went on a mission through the South Island among their ancient enemies, and spent years of danger and toil till every Icainga of the Ngai Tahu had heard of the Lord they served. Many exclamations burst from the crowd. One scowling chieftainess mut tered — ' An oven, an oven for the son of Te-' Rauparaha ! Shall the Ngai Tahu .??;.' suffer this ? . His father slew my son at Onawe.' . . . And a fierce young brave waved his taiaha, crying — ' Awake, O Ngai Tahu ! Remember Taiaroa's men who died at Kaiapohia ! Remember Te Rauparaha !' An old veteran sitting at his w1iaref door looked at them Avith a faint kindling in his dull eyes, and murmured — ' Can a tui come out of a hawk's egg 1 Yet Te Rauparaha was a great man, and his son is braver than he.'' Never, indeed, had Te Rauparaha at the head of the hosts of Kapiti faced a conquered jtali more proudly than Tamihana now faced Otakou. ' Greetings, O friends !' he began in a rich melodious voice. ' I am Tami hana the son of Te Rauparaha. I am the man of Helm Karaiti who was slain, in the Icainga ot Jerusalem and lives again in the Vast Heaven. Our lives .;: are in you hands ; but listen first to our - words. Great is my love to the Ngai Tahu.' ' ';?;: 