HEWS IN BNIEf. Australasian. Sergeant Strong, the senior non-com- missioned officer selected to go to Eng- land with the Motmted ltifles, is a son of the Mayor of Melbourne. The militarv commandant. Sir Charles Holled-Smith, on Saturday approvea 01 the detachment of Mounted ltillcs se lected by Colonel Price to go to Eng land.-' Madame Mclba and Miss Frances Sa- Ville, the Victorian vocalists, have both been engaged by the London Opera Company for the forthcoming season. The Minister of Mines, on hearing a matter which came before biui on Wed nesday, strongly denounced applica tions for forfeiture of leases on niei- ,-eiiary grounds. William Myles Phillips was very quiet in his demeanor in the Criminal Corut, Melbourne, on Monday. He looked pale, but not otherwise as though his incarceration and the an xiety of his position had affected him to any great extent. The meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club on Dowling Forest course on Saturday was not without its mishaps. In the Hurdle Race, Mr J. R. Dyer's b in Fairy fell, and was killed, Coad. the jockey, escaping with a dislocated shoulder. The late Mr Henry Ferguson " died suddenly and in a peculiar manner," ac cording' to Mr Con-, barrister. But the Chief Justice declines to assume that the gentleman was murdered. Still, as they say in melodrama, "the plot thick- ens!" . The Secretary of Agriculture thinks that the favorable comments, as re ported by cable, made by Mr Benjamin Jones, of the Manchester Co-operative Society, will be of immense benefit to this colony. "It will be a splendid ad vertisement for us," added Mr Martin. Tiie will of Cornelius Gavin Casey, of Wilson street, Brighton, surgeon, who died on the 2nd August 1890, has been filed in the Probate Office. Tes tator bequeaths his property to his widow and children, Mrs Casey receiv ing an annuity of L500. The estate is valued at L2G.095. Our Bendigo correspondent wires that the stone in the Princess Dagmar mine at the 2235 feet crosscut is 7 feet wide in the bottom of the cut It is the cap of a large formation, is heavily charged with minerals, and, though no gold has yet been seen in it it is of a most promising appearance. The body of the young man Sydney Chester, who was drowned off the Back Beacli, WiUiamstown, Monday evening, has not yet been recovered. Owing to the heavy south-west swell rolling in, and tne dangerous nature of the shore, it is hazardous for auy boat to venture close in uutil the weather moderates. The Australian team of baseballers, who are to play a series of matches in America, left by the express for Sydney on Saturday to join the B.M.S. Mono- wai at that place. There was a large number of their friends down to see them depart, and as the train steamed out of the station cheers were given. In connection with the local celebra tions in honor of the Queen's long reign another suggestion, in addition to those already mentioned, which was mention ed at the conference of municipalities, was the striking of commemorative medals for distribution amongst the school children at the various fetes to be held in the suburbs. Throe hundred and eighty acres of the JHowa Park Estore, near Tower Hill, Warmambonl, were disposed of last week by auction, in lots ranging from 9 acres to 43 acres. The prices ranged from L37 to L55 10s per acre, and aver aged L45 per acre. The chief buyers Were people who have been fanning the land as tenants. Representatives of the Cardigan Gold Mining Company, Ballarat District, asked the Treasurer recently -for as sistance under the Mines Develop ment Bill, in developing their mine. Sir George Turner, however, declined to deal with any individual applications. He would ouly consider all the applica tions together, when he would have their relative merits before them. A leper, rumored to have been resident In Melbourne, has, Dr Gresswell says, gone to Western Australia. The case, howeyer, opens up the question whether the Board of Health has power to go into a private house and look for a suspected leper. The Grown Solicitor says there is no such power, but that the section of the Health Act can be made to apply to Chinese quarters. The attack on Dongoln at the Naval and Military Tournament on Saturday Is generally admitted to have been the most realistic spectacular military dis play yet seen in the colony, and created great enthusiasm in the audience. Bach detail seems to have been care fully thought out. Every branch of the forces of the colony was represented, about 800 troops taking part At the Melbourne Hospital on Tuesday an inquest was held on the body of a married woman, named Esther Kelly, who was brought to the Ho&ital; on Monday In a moribund condition by her hus band. The medical evidence showed that deceased was. enceinte, and had died from that condittoa obstructing the action of =a diseased heart A ver dict was returned accordingly. The Model Dodging House, King street, Is, at last, to be sold to the Sal vation Army. Terms, L5,000; L3.000 in jcasb down, and 12,000 in six months The L3.000 will be dispensed to the shareholders on or about 1st April, in the form of a dividend of 30s a share, ab sorbing L2.S05. The resolution to sell was agreed to by a meeting of the share holders of the company on Wednesday. An old man named Joseph Davis, who earned a living by making baskets, was found dead with a tree lying ou his head iii Mr Young's paddock near Mooroopua, by a young man named Eld wards. It appears that a burning tree fell across deceased's head, killing him instantane ously. Deceased was a native of Dor set shire, Eiglnnd,S3 years of age .and is said to have a married daughter iu Rich mond. Mr Matliieson. the Commissioner of Railways, returned on 12th inst. from a tour of several lines, which has occupied some days. The lines inspected by him included that to Redesdale, in the Kyne- ton district, aud in the neighborhood of Ballarat, the Waubra and Scassdale, Lin- tou aud Buninyong branches. A11 the lines were found to be in good working order; but the Commissioner adds that there is ou all a sad lack of sufficient traffic. One of the latest triumphs of elec tricity is an electric hen, which is claim ed to be superior to the natural article of flesh and blood and feathere, except that it cannot lay eggs. When the electric incubator has produced the chicks, an electric foster-mother takes them in charge. The upper part Is devoted to the freshly hatched, while the lower part is so arranged that the youngsters can run about on the ground, and,- at the same time, find heat and protection when they require it. Transfers of stationmasters have been effected in the Railway Department dur ing the week, as follow :-Messrs M. Moran, Tatura to Tallarook; R. Donoliue, Boort to Birregurra ; T. R. Moss, Kya- bram to Boort; J.. W. Orr, Avoca to Kya- bram; F. J. Smith, Emu to Avoca; W. Neill, Gerang Gerung to Emu; and G. Dixon, Waubra to Diapur. The Minister of Defence received a deputation from the Council of Churches Tuesday, which protested against exer cising the forces on Sundays, at the mi litary encampments. The churches do not object to necessary duties on Sun days, nor to marching the troops, but draw the line at big gun exercise and rifle practice. Mr M'Culloch assured them of his sympathy, aud told them, iu effect, that it would not occur again. Where Is the Psychical Research Society? There is a piece of land near the Botanical Gardens, on the bank of the Yarra, on which there is an old ricketty building aHeged to be haunted by a ghost! The piece of land in ques tion is to be taken by the Public Works .Department for the purpose of the .widening of Jhe .Yarra. Its present owners, Pearson's Trustees, want more than the L5000 which the Government is willing to pay for the land, and the case Is now in arbitration. Is there to be compensation for disturbance to the ghost? Mr W. J. Morgan has written to the Board of Health, Melbourne, and his letter was considered on the 12th instant, suggesting that chlo ride of lime should be supplied to State Schools for use in cases of snake bite. Dr Gresswell remarked that he did not know whether State Schools were quite the best places for keeping the antidote, but it would certainly be a useful thing to have handy in parts of the country where snakes were pre valent. It might be advisable that it should be kept in police stations, for instance. No official action was taken in the matter. An interesting relic of the early days of tbe colony has been presented to the trustees of the Melbourne Public Li brary in tbe shape of tbe telescope which belonged to the little schooner Enterprise, which brought over John Taseoe Fawkuer from Tasmania to Port Phillip. It was presented by a Mr O'Malley, an old resident of Melbourne, who proceeded to England last week, and to whom it was given by Mr George Evans, who was one of the original party that came over in the Enterprise, and subsequently became a. large laud ed proprietor in the then Port Phiilip settlement. Mr M'Gregor, ALL. A., interviewed the Chief Secretary on Wednesday re garding his recent decision to al low tbe police to make a trial for three years of serge for uniforms, instead of the cloth now in use. The hon. member asked whe ther the ouly kind of serge that could lie used was Fox's No. 4, the quality mentioned in the press, or whether it would be optional for the No. 11 quality, manufactured at Ballarat, which was equal, if not superior, to be selected. Mr Teaeock replied that Fox's No. 4 was Hie kind asked for by the men, but he Lad no objection to the Ballarat serge being used if it were as serviceable. A man named F. Oliver, a native of South Australia, and recently employed ion tbe Melbourne sewerage works, was skilled by a fall of earth in an excava tion at Frecburgli, near Bright, on Saturday morning. Oliver and another miner named Christopher Twist were getting in a set of timber, when a large quantity of earth fell upon both men. Twist's legs only were covered, and he was extracted with but little dif- ficuliy, and although suffering severe bruises, he was not seriously injured. Oliver was almost covered, bis bead and shoulders only being visible, and death occurred before he could be ex tricated. 