%hz %xnbzlkx. CYCLING ROUND THE WO11LD. THE SHWAY DAGOHN PAGODA.' STRIKING THROUGH BURMA. [By John Foster Fbaseb, S. Edward Lunn, and Fbank H. Lowe.] Pyuntaza (Burma). Rangoon seemed largely to consist of pawn shops and pagodas. In tbe Chinese quarter the town bristled with pawn-shops. Whole streets were flooded with them. It looked as though the entire pig-tailed population was employed in lending money on. each other's clothing. There would be six house3 in a row with the following lecenda: — ''Foner-Fco Pawnshop:' 'Yong' Tong, Pawnshop;' 'Ah-Sin, Pawnshop;' 'Chang-Chi, Pawnshop;' 'Ying-Ping, Pawnshop;' 'Foo-La, Pawnshop' — such a barbaric lack of originality about it all. If only some heathen Chinee could have intro duced variety by announcing that be 'advanced sums lo any amount to gentlemen on easy terms' one might have recognised a sign of approaching civilisation. But tbe Chinese ever were a conservative race, and bo they call a pawnshop a pawnshop. But while the pawnshops were mean and sordid, the pagodas were glowing towers of golden magnificence. At a little distance they look like enormous dinner-bells. The greatest is the Shway Dagolin, which, higher than St. Paul's and resting on the summit of a hill, is a mass of dazzling splendor, guard ing the land from ghouls and ghirnis, and other fearsome monsters. When wo beheld the fantastic wonders of the shrine we were in tho same condition of mind as Alice when she steuued throuub the looldr.or-Erlass into Wonderland. We foolishly asked tbe way to the pagoda. Every interrogated Buraau shook his head. Is'o one had heard of it. And then we learnt that it was just as useless to talk about pagodas in tho land of pagodas as it would be to ask a servant girl at home to whistle fora gharri, when we we really required a hansom. When we talked about the zaydee we got at once on the right track. At the Shway Dagohn is tho most holy of all Buddhist temples in Indo- Chinese lands, there was a constant show of picturesque pilgrims. . Distinguished by their long yellow robes, ?' fihaven heads, shaven faces, and general austerity of mien, were the priests, who walked dourly along carrying jars before them into which the faithful put rice and other food. For the Buddhist who devotes his life to sanctity and contemplation can never become a portly divine aud own a carriage and pair. We were just getting used to the rapid changes in fanciful color among the pilgrims ? — everyone tricked out in soft pinks and eoothiug greens, and creamy yellows aud deep maroons and snowy whites — when we came upon' two teeth gnashing demoniacal brutes guarding a steep staircase. They scowled horribly. We drew back before the twenty-foot high enarling creations of the lower regions. When we saw they wera only of piaster, and as. harmless as stucco dogs ou a farmhouse mantel'-shelf, our courage returned. Then we beheld over the central archway shuddering frescoes of inhuman beings contorted into shapes hard for an ordinary mind to conceive. We bolted through the arch and began to climb the Elippery steps. There were rows of blind and halt moaning for alms. There were stalls whero could be bought the sacred books; there were fruit stalls, cheroot stalls, stalls devoted to the sale of waxen candles and flowers, and stalls where you could purchase paper-masks, guaranteed to frighten any well nurtured child into the next world. Without warning, we found ourselves on the terrace of the Shway Dagohn. Right in front roso the golden shaft. Around the base clustered dozens of shriues, grotesquely shaped, with pillars flower-festooned, and dark recesses where gliinmerud faint ruby lights, and tho solemn sedate Buddha sat with unmoved countenance. Burmaus touched tho earth with their forehead, and then squatting, sitting on their heels, gazed into the face of the image. The Burmese women knelt, aud crossing their hands, lapsed into mental passiveuess. Here and there a wise man, shrivelled, with drawn cheeks, eyes piercingly bright, learned in astrologic lore, would be drawing strange designs aud foretelling a new-born child's fate, while four or five women sat around listening eagerly. Close at hand were musicians, dron ing wretchedly to the groans of weird, harsh instruments. Ascetic priests flitted noiselessly among the conteinplators— for the Buddhists do not worship or pray, but sit before the image of Buddha and contemplate and secure peace of nmvj— and as a setting to the unworldly picture were thousands of shrines, many dasizlingly gorgoous, flashing with rare stones; many were just like alcove3 with a modest moss grown image crumbling at the back ; but all etartlingly different to anything we westerns could imagine in wildest fancy. Rampant dragons with fiery tongues reared as though ready to hiss flame ; strange disproportioned abortions of humanity grinned with villainous glee; repollant foul animals, that were no animals at all, scowled fury and hate, and standing prominent were figures with two bodies aud the he~d half lion, half mau. In the far past a king's son was abandoned in a forest, and he would have diud had not a lioness suckled him. When he grew up he ran away, and the brute was so disconsolate that it died of a broken heart. And it is in remembrance of the love of this lioness that the images of lions always surround pagodas. In every nook, in every cranny, is a figure of Gautama. An atmosphere of the mar vellous hangs over the Shway Dagohn, accen tuated now and then by tho heavy toll of groat bells. One bell, the largest in the world, apart from that at Moscow, is struck with a wooden mallet by every passer, so that the deep solemn peal hardly ever ceases, Huge carvings of exquisite and dainty chisel ling grace every doorway. Over tho lichen covered walls one sees the swirling muddy Irrawaddy running away into misty distance, but close at ? hand are the curved pretty lakes around which tho English residents go di- iviug and cycling morning and evening. It is a lovely spot, but to all Buddhists most sacred. Buried far beneath that lofty shrine are actual relica of Gautama— eight hairs ! For 2,500 years the pagoda has stood on this Thchngoottara Hill, at 'first small, but each king recasing it and enlarging it, and many of them covering it with gold. In the last century King Sinbyoo Shin, who turned the . scales at 12 st. 3 lb., had it redecorated with his own weight of gold, bo that it cost him just £9,000. If any man of 12 st. 3 llv vvefehtdoubts the accuracy of the amount all he has to do is ?? to stand on a scale and let 9,000 sovereigns be balanced against hira. We did not. escape kindnesses irotn the people of Rangoon. Mr. ?: E. S. Sytnes, the Chief Secretary to the Government of Burma, busied himself in securing us facilities to reach the Chinese, frontier, and one night . the Rangoon Club entertained us at a ?' ?'; pleasant dinner, when many things, are. said RVvl ,:.--? ? - .. .-.-?.? -??' . ??. . ? ? . about our daring and warm -wishes expressed for our success. Half a dozen Rangoon wheelmen tamed oat at 6 o'clock on the morning of our departure, and accompanied us over 60 miles on the way, staying with us all night. Two of them continued on a second day's journey, and would probably have gone farther, bat the weather waa horrible, the way was bad, and periodical wetting to the skin hardly congenial. It was delightfully pleasant though tbe sky was overcast when we started on our trip through Burma. We were a merry party of nine, and laughter echoed in the thiolc woods that breasted tbe roadway many miles. Crowds of Burmese peasants were en countered trudging- towards Rangoon. Sometimes a whole family crowded into a slow-moving and creaky bullock cart. The country folks, instead of being startled out of their wits by the onrush of whizzing oycliBts, were moved to convulsive laughter. Once we baited at a village and got the men with barrel-top wooden bats, and the women with frail; baskets, and the children with their mud pies to pose for a photographic group. They were a little shy at first, but when the object had been explained they screwed themselves into stiff attitudes, and remained in that position for ten minutes while the apparatus was prepared ; but there was distinct disappointment that a score of photographs were not ready right away. So on we rushed again, and when ever anyone displayed symptoms of thirst there were always luscious pines to be got a dozen yards off in the jungle, or huge bunches of bananas. We expressed delight at not i being likely to have parched mouths in such a land. Thereupon ' the toddy tree was pointed out to us. We conceived visions of au obliging plant that oozed hot whisky and water. As a matter of fact it was just an ordinary trea, but on being tapped it gave forth a whisky-flavored and intoxicating liquid. The natives are fond of imbibing ; so much . so that they frequently tumble down and break their crown. One district magistrate told us of six deaths in as many weeks in his own neighborhood from this very cause. As one of the party spoke Burmese we got along capitally with the natives. They would insist, however, on addressing ub as their lords, which might have been embarrassing in Piccadilly, but was amusing in a Burmese jungle hamlet. As cigars are not expensive in the land — you get eight for a penny — we scattered seeds of kindness in the shape of cheap cheroots. The greatest compliment you can pay a Burman is to hand him your half-smoked cigar, which he will suck at in a much delighted state of mind. The inconvenience arises when he returns the compliment. Few of the Burmans had watches, yet they told the time very accurately. Their cocks crow at sunrise, noon, sunset, and midnight, which was very kind of them. On enquiring the reason why these eastern chanticleers were different from European cockerels we learnt that whenever the priests got hold of unlawful literature and burnt it the local cockerels always gobbled the ashes. Thus they acquired certain cabalistic powers, and crowing four time3 a day was one of them. And three of the cyclists that day were oontemplatingtliodireneceaHtyof the slaughter of the crowing timepieces in order to provide ] food when -Re pulled up at the wayside bunga low and found, by no means regretting! y, that one of cur friends had sent on his servant over night with hampers of good things. And in the evening when we finished our day's spin there was. still another servant with more hampers. In the early ^afternoon we slipped from the darkened jungle into the great open BWeop of rice or paddy fields before us. For miles and miles were stretches of slush. Buffaloes wallowed in it, dragging rude contrivances to plough the njud. There were no hedges or trees, only slightly raised banks that did nothing but prevent ouo man's Blush from mixing with his neighbor's. A higher raised bank did duty as road, and along this we whirled in single file. Rice, we were informed, grows with hardly any labor. This admirably suits the indolent Burruan. At harvest-time only the ears are sicklod off, the straw being j burnt to fertilise the laud, which, however, is ! so rich that it needs no fertilising. A Burmese j farmer puys about 3s. an acre, aud as the j average yield is SO bushels an acre, aud the selling price-of rice in Rangoon is 4s. 6d. a maund (801b.), he ought soon acquire riches. But he is a squandering, improvident, happy go-lucky fellow, and the British rice merchants are sharp men of business, learned in all mer cantile euteness. Therefore at the end of tho harvest John Burman is by no means so well off as be should be. Still, he always has a harvest festival, when he gives baskets of rice to the priests and invites the young people of his village to partake his hospitality. And, just as at the harvest-home in Eng land, it is a time of real happiness and love-making and coquetry. The senti mental swain sings about the sapphire lakes where the lovely lotus ever blooms, of tbe beautiful butterflies and the melodious birds, the odour of the jasmine, and the brilliant pea^ cocks and noble white elephants. Then the wag of the village will Bing a ridiculous travesty of the whole thing. The girls, after due persuasion, also sing, this time love balJads in a soft, lisping tone, accompanied by Bwing ing of the body and the jutting out of the elbows. And as the night advances there are creepy ghost stories, and the young fellows fall to talking of their prowess in hunting, and the young girls talk about frocks— indeed giving proof that human nature in far-off Burma is just the same as in England, the only difference being in detail. So, dashing along the narrow bank that lay like a wand across the paddy fields, we began congratulations on the abseuce of rain. On that point we should have been silent. At the first word of congratulation up swung battalions of Mack clouds, and when directly over us they opened fire. In solid sheets the rain struck us. Those who owned mackin toshes put them on. Those wlio did not were speedily splattered with reddish rnire. We were still 12 miles from Pepii. our destination, and the wet had sot in solidly for the night. It was a case of every man for himself and the. devil take tho hindmost. We Blithered and spluttered and splashed our way, aud reached the dak bungalow at Pegu in odd ones find stray twos, in a desperately filthy and sodden condition, but all swearing the ride had been splendid. The actual dis tance covered that day was 54 miles. But one of our companions said this was a mis take. He' was positive wo had come 119 miles, and produced his cyclometer as corrobo rative testimony. It was mildly hinted the cyclometer was wrong. The suggestion was a revelation. 'Ah!' ho said, 'that explains why it is that for months past I've secretly prided myself ou boing the scorcher of Burma, whereas'— with a bigh— ' I'm just an ordinary rider after nil.' ' . : , All night it rained, and in tbe morning it was raining ; the Bky.was.fuli of rain, and the earth was covered with; rain, together With. a solution of mud. It was the 22nd June, the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Day, and wo thought it distinctly unfair that. Queen's wea&her; should all be, used up at .-home., whilst wo, wandering Britishers, had. tp put up wUh showers. And as we sauntered about and. iickod . our heels, and whistled, i and waited for the weatheRrto clear up, the idea etruok w that, maybe -in.: England. they; were also having desperate drenchings; Tho mere thought . seemed to ease our trouble. .iMpst of , our frieridasgave thajjourney up as a bad job and went back to Rangoon. Within an ; hour of their departure there was a cessation of overhead hostilities. We got hold of a gaudily clad Burman to lead us across swamps' to see the famous reclining figure of Gau tama, On hiB advice we took a coolie with us to carry us across the wont parts, or we would have stuok thigh-deep in the mud. It was a . nasty uncomfortable journey, but the image was worth seeing. It is made of brick;' half as large again as the Sphninx, the face, arms, and feet well modelled. It » a singular monument, about which, were it within reach, tourists would go mad and have their photo graphs taken in picnio groups in the open palm. As it is, it lies across a ditch almost hidden by enormous trees, visited rarely even by the Buddhists themselves. One would think it an admirable place for contemplation. We called on a couple of yellow-robed priests living in alittle temple close by, and disturbed their wonted serenity by giving them Egyptian cigarettes and receiving presents of fruit from them in return. When we got back to Pegu we decided on a start. Our way waa through greasy lanes that laughed defiance at our non-slipping Dunlop tires. We charged through poolfi of water and were soon again splattered from head to foot. Dozens of fanciful temples, with quaint-caved spires showing over the plantations, indicated our approach to villages, which were every three or four miles. Often we dashed to the nearest hut for refuge from threatening downpours. Everybody waa kind, especi ally the Chinamen, who are almost as thick as the Burmese. There was no attempt at imposition such as we had experienced in other countries. If we gave too much for something change was handed to us. We met one Chinaman who spoke English. 'Come with us, John,' we said, 'we are going to your country, to Shanghai.' 'No fear, sir,' he replied, 'too muchey darney rain.' *? Therefore we had to go on alone. It was a day of plodding but slow 2)ro2ressm& frequently along thin strips of trodden track, so that the rank jungle grass scraped our faces as we rode. That night we slept in a hut made entirely of bamboos. The wind howled and the rain slashed as we ate with our fingers a bowl of rice cooked by a native. We had come back again to uncivilisation after several weeks of feting and lionising. It was a dismal Queen's Jubilee day, and till wo lay down on the floor and sought sleep we passed the time picturing what Fleet-street aud the Strand and Regent- street were like just then, and won dered if any of our friends were also wondering what sort of a day we had spent. Mr. W. E. Moxon, the manager in West Australia of the Adelaide Steamship Company and the chairman of the branch there of the Steamshipotvners' Association, arrived on Saturday by the R.M.S. Victoria. Chatting about the harbor arrangements at Fremantle, Mr. Moxon stated that really good work is being done there in tho interests of inter colonial traffic. Still there is a feeling among intercolonial stsamshipowners that that traffic is of such importance as to merit further con sideration. At present nearly all the steamers berth at the Fremantle pier in the open road stead. This pier is about half a mile long and passengers have tho inconvenience of having to walk to the town in weather of all descrip tions, although when completed the magnifi cent harbor which, is being constructed will obviate this, as cabs_ will then be available at the vessel's side. Notwithstanding, however, the great importance of the intercolonial trade priority is at present given in the harbor to sailing- ships, and as the public interests whiob intercolonial owners serve are the most impor tant in the port they feel that every considera tion should be given them. Generally speak ing and considering th'e enormous traffic to Fremantle Mr. Moxon commends the Govern ment, which, he says, has always held an open ear to the requirements of the port for what has been done there. A public trial of Mr. W. W. Barnes's patent Federal churn was held at the depot of the South Australian Milk Company, Angas street, on Friday week. The churn is a simple affair, and was designed in order to meet the demands of small farmers and others. The Federal chum consists of a vessel, cylindri cal by preference, mounted on trunnion bear ings, arranged diagonally of the vessel — that is one at the edge of one end and one on the opposite edge of the other end. One of these trunnions is fitted with a crank handle whereby the vessel may be rotated, the effect being that a very peculiar motion is imparted to the dia gonally pivoted vessel. The effect of this mo tion upon the cream inside the vessel appears to be that tbe cream is turned over, and at the same time thrown from one end of the vessel to tho other by the first half of each revolu tion and then thrown back again by the second half. By this invention the butter comes in fine granules, which are not beaten into lumps, as is the case with most churns, but they are left separate, so thatthebuttermilkc&nbeaasily; and efficiently washed out of the butter before it is worked up, thereby improving the flavor and keeping qualities of the butter, as will be readily understood by dairymen. Tho churn is fitted with a stopper at one end, which can be removed, to let off the gas and to facilitate the washing out of the buttermilk, whilst an opening which can be closed by a lid or cover is provided at the other end for the insertion of the cream and removal of tbe butter. The ends of the revolving diagonally pivotted vessel above described are preferably made slightly convex in order to strengthen the structure. The churn worked admirably, and being a simple and inexpensive affair, and requiring little expenditure of power, it should be largely availed of. 