Tlie Sign of the Cross. By Lady Cook, nee Tennessee Cla.fl in. Thk Sign of tlie Cross is the mosf universal and the le-ist gradually understood of all the mystic symbols that bavo come down to us through the lapse of infinite ages. We arc customed to identify it with Christ and Christianity alone, as though it hnd origin ated wi!h them. Yot Ian thousand proofs oxist that it was simply appropriated to these just as it had previously been olaimed by every great religious cult that made its appearance in the worlJ. A distinguished writer, in hiB essay in the Edinburgh Re view, nearly 80 years ago, on " Tiio Pro Christian Cross," says : " From the dawn of orgauised Paganism in the eastern world, to the final establishment of Christianity in the western, the Cross was undoubtedly one of the commonest and most sacred of sym bolical monuments, and, to a remarkable extent, it is so still in almost every land where that of Calvary is unrecognised or unknown. Apart from any distinctions of social or intellectual superiority of caste, oolour, nationality, or location in either hemisphere, it appears to have been the aboriginal possession of every people in an tiquity ; the elastic girdle, so to say, which embraced the most widely separated heathen communities ', the most significant token of a universal brotherhood ; the principal point of contaot in every system of pagau mytho logy. 1'hab mighty maze, but not without a plan, to which all the families of mankind were severally and irresistibly drawn,, and by which theif oomiiion. descent was em phatically expressed, or by means of which and all preserved, amid every vicissitude of fortune, a knowledge of the primeval happi ness and dignity of. their species.. "Where authentic history is silent on tile subject, the material relics of the past and long since forgotten races aro not wautiog to coufivm and strengthen this superstition. Diversified forms of the symbol are deline ated more or less artistically, according to the progress achieved in civilization, at the period, on, the ruined'wallB of temples and palaces, on natural rooks and sepulchral galleries, on the hoariest monoliths and the rudest statnary; on coins, medals, and vases of every description; and, in not & few instances, are preserved, in. the archi tectural proportions of subterranean struc tures,. of- tumuli- as. well as fanes. The extraordinary sanotity attaching to thesym bol,. in every age aud" under every variety gf. circumstance, justified' any expenditure in curred iu its fabrication or. embellishment: hence the most persistent labour,, the most consummate ingenuity wer.e lavished, upon it<" What then was the original meaning of this, symbol,, or symbols, which have been the warp into which, all the threads.of every religion have been woven ?- In, order to solve this questiou, a multitude of facts, are to be considered, all pointing to the same conclusion, no matter how grossly exhibited or how. mystically disguised. It is the. sign of generation whether di vine or human, the emblem, of. the ever vigorous fecundity of nature, and therefore,. o£tbe life that is and. that which is to come. It denotes the universal vivifying power, sometimes associated with the most obscene rites,, at others refined iuto a spiritual re generation, and: thus typifying a future immortality and a- state of never- ending blissi It was consequently adapted to all sorts and conditions of men,.and became as universal as life itself. One of, the earliest complete types known is. the crux ansata formed like a T, with an oval or circlet resting upon it. Singly they typify the male and female organs of reproduction : to gether they may denote goodness, hope, felicity-, or the life to come. Tlio crux an sato is commonly found sculptured on Egyptian and Coptic monuments, and the mystical Tau symbolized " the hidden wi-s dom" of. the Chaldeans of the ancient Egyptians, Indians, Peruvians, Americans^, and of every ancient people in both hemi spheres. Humboldt found in remote Kampschatka the cross and other rude re mains of. hieroglyliios,. similar to those of Egypt.. It was. engraven on the glass statue of Sorapis, on the walls and" tombs of. Kings. Planted on thefrnstrum of a cone the simple T represents gooduess ; springing from a heart or on the breast of a mummy, it denotes hope or expectation of reward. The two colossal statues from Easter Island may be seen as the British Museum, and on the backs of each the Bame sign is rudely engraved. An with this which was the conventional, SO'with: the ovoid or circle,.sometimes called the egg or the eye. It denoted the female principle and covered the vestments of the Epliesian. Diana,, and. the Assyrian Mylitta in whose temples all the women were bound. to-prostitute themselves to strangers. The robes of the dark-skinned mother goddess of India were similarly adorned,. as were the tails of Juuo's birds which drew her chariot through the heavens.. We are told that the wo s'lip of Juno was universal,, that the Empire of Jupiter was small compared to hers.. As Ilytha,. sometimes oalled her daughter, she- was the goddess of birth ^ in Arcadia, was Isis in Egypt, and Juno Lucina of the Latins. Ilytha was also the samo as Diana, Venus Lubentia, and Genetillis, who arose from-the- sea.. Juno was not only queen of heaven, presiding over marriage andchihl-birth, the patron of sexual virtue, and punisber of lewdness in matrons, but was also the goddess of all power aud em pire, and the dispenser of riches. In like manner-Yenus among her various titles was surnamed Telassigama, because she presided over marriage, aud Pi allomeda, from her affection fi r the phallus. The owid form of the upper member of the orax, ansata was sometimes displayed as a handle, as in the Theban catacombs, and on a Babylonian cylinder. On a stele from Khorsbad, an eagle headed man holds the circle in his right hand, and the tau. in hie left. In the ophite hierograms which re mind of an era of wide-spread serpent wor ship, it is depicted as a peunate cirole, and as a circle i* borne in the clawa of the flying Scaraheus, the sacred emblem of Pihah, aud is found sculptuied from Europe to Mexico.. In a modified form and joined wall the tau it is the oldestr ensign of miijosty in India, and is " commonly fouud in tlio hands of Bralmia, Vishnu, and Siva. In Christian Europe it is adopted by every potontale, including our Queon, as a symbol of royalty," whose coronation orb sur mounted by a' peotoral cross is nothing more than the embodiment of the traditional crux ansata. The Rev. William Ilaslam, in his work " The Cross and the Serpent," gives a carious and fauciful explanation of these facta. He says: "I havd suggested that the Cross was conceived when the redemp tion of man was designed,. I cannot doubt that it was revealed with the prophecies. " It was in prophecy, as it is now, an outward sign of an inward mystery, con nected with a promise. It was the sign and pledge of that promise, and as such, in what ever sonse the outward observer regarded it, there seems little doubt bat that to the initiated it was a holy and blessed sigu of hope in a fallen age ; and a pledgo of the promise of light in a period of darkness." In another passage he waxes still boldor. " The Cross was known to Noah before the Dispersion, aud eveu before the Flood; and I will venture yet furthor, and say the Cross was known to Adam ; and that the knowledge as a sacred sign was imparted to. him by the Almighty." We may admire the enthusiasm which suggests all this' aud which is eminently theological aud clerical, but unfortunately the patriarchs and prophets never once re ferred to the Sigu of the Cross, and the Hebrew and Samaritan Scriptures are equally silent. They wore, howevGr, thoroughly, familiar with it, as it.formed in their days a significant part of all Pagan worship. Of all its many forms, " there is not one among them," says the Edinburgh,reviewer; " the existence of which; may not be traced to the remotest antiquity," and we might add, nor the causes of whose variance can not alao be traced.. The Malteso Cross the battle-axe of Thor, originally four huge phalli carved' out of: the solidi rock, but afterwards metamorphosed hy the virtuous knights of St. John, or the Cross of. St. George which marks the flag, and' every other, is nothing more or less than a Phallic symbol. liude, upright, stones,, especially, j those of a: conical form, appear to have been the earliest objects of worship by mankind, ! and their assistance by contact to produce frnilfulness is still invoked by women in many parts of the world. In every my thology the cone was the emblem, of the mother of heaven, whatsoever her name,, and every altar and high place of hers was originally oouioul: or pyramidal;. Oiie stone standing upon another, or iuserted in the earth, represented a rude cro*s. TIig mystical tree, " the tree of life," was also represented:in-the form; of a oross,. or, by the hieratic sign, of: the deity, aoroas: the stem*. E'-ery circumstance pertiiiniiig to i this was peculiarly phallic. When serpent worship bfgan. so supersede tree woia(iij), j the ophite emblem* were of," a similar nature. The serpeuf. with its tail in its mouth has tha suma siguifi- unice as. thu crux un. at;i.. Wiien, at a. later, stage of1 civilization, the worship of. the- moon and sun successively prevailed, and: the: follow? ers of the sun made-war upon: those- of: the " Great Dragon,'" many of^the. old: enir blems were devoutly adopted and", a. com posite religiou was formed; And when in the fulness of time, Chris-.[ tianity made its appearance and developed, orders and hierarchies, it incorporated with- j in itself almost every feature of Paganism, including the supreme Phallic symbol, the Gross. Erotic Christianity worships the Divine Child, adores Mary His Mother, and practically gives the Supreme Deity an in ferior place,. Christ's wounds are dwelt upon in almost every hymn with perfer vid ecstacy, and tha Cross of Calvary is the foundation of faith and hope. To have iu serted the'Virgiu in the Trinily would have been to literally imitate the oldor cults,, so the Arkite deity of Thebes or Babylon, a distinctly phallio one,, whose will, was inter preted by the Jouah or Doves, gave rise to-, the Divine Messenger and interpreter, tho Holy Ghost, the Dove of. Christianity, At all poiuts our religion is lineally descended from the older aud most ancient. We have, our Tree of Life, our Sun of Righteousness ( (uprightness), our Cross of Salvation, and the hope of an afterlife. We have also a bitter aversion to the " old serpent "and " all his works,!' although we. retain many of the latter iu our rites aud' ceremonies. The cardinal points of superstition have varied, and mankind have boxed its compass, BO that at length they seem returning to their old love; the religiou of Humanity and the worship of Nature. Wo are beginning to-, peroeive that whatever is good and beauti ful is natural, and that whatever is natural is also good and beautiful. Possibly the time is not far hence when we shall not be: ashamed of our bodies with -then: organs aud functions, or of any other work of God, but shall, see in all a Divine beauty worthy, of pride and praise, and shall again: recog nise as our Trinity the Father, Mother, and Child. 