IMPERIAL FEDERATION, OB BRITANNIC CONFEDERATION. [Foe the Pioneer.] D. M'K. M. There can be no doubt as to the question of Federation being at present in the air." The splendid reception given to the colonial Premiers during the Diamond Jubilee rejoicings just brought to a close, must have somewhat astonished the old crusted Tory aristocracy of the Motherland, while the striking attention shown to Mr G. H. Beid has certainly raised the most fearless and outspoken of the visiting Premiers very high in the estimation of ail true Australians. The Premier of the mother colony has shown in his speeches statesmanlike qualities, that were warmly reciprocated by the greatest statesman of this or any other age—William Ewart Gladstone. Once again has the ghost of that absurdity and dreamland spectre known 'as Imperial Federation been brought before the political footlights. The resuscitation has been accomplished by Mr. Joseph Chamberlain of " Brummagen " notoriety and Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies. The member for Birmingham has ambitious desires of no ordinary kind, and if the honorable gentleman had been kept under the correcting influence of less conciliatory leaders, he would without doubt have, in time, become a powerful factor in the closer welding of the British Empire, but already there are signs that his political jugglery has "o'erleaperl itself," and Joseph has only played into rhe hands of Royal Chartered freebooters an 1 Hebrew exploiters. But not altogether checkmated in the career, he has mapped out for himself, Mr Chamberlain has initialed another new fad known as AN IMPERIAL ZOLLVEREIN, or Imperial Federation in newer but still ghostly habiliments. Mr Chamberlain takes it for granted that the great mass of the population in Australasia are as loyal to the Throne as. say. Sir John Forrest or Sir E. Braddon, two Premiers who have only recently doffed their political swaddling clothes and thrown aside their political sucking bottles. Whether the early settlement of the colonies represented " by the gentlemen referred to was superior to that of the more democratic colonies, history can answer. Now let us look into the question as to the alleged loyalty of Australians—I refer to the great mass of the people-and it will be found that such intense loyalty only exists in the hazy minds of those who gain their knowledge of Australasian loyalty within the portals of the different gubernatorial mansions in the different colonies. The loyalty of Australians is insisted upon in portions of the United Kingdom, and in the supperrooms of our Government houses so continually—with such apparent almost nervous anxiety to establish it—that this fact should in itself be understood as indicating a state of things somewhat other than that desired. Nothing does more harm I han English action based upon false notions of colonial feelings. About two or three years ago a procession, headed by a military band, marched through a populous centre in New Zealand to celebrate the Queen's Birthday and much to the horror of one or two royalists the band struck up not the musical " God Save the Queen,'" but the soulstirring "Marseillaise." On the arrival of the now deceased Governor Duff at Sydney he drove through tens of thousands of spectators, and as the different bands struck up the National Anthem ihe people were askeii by the military and police to uncover their heads—not a hat came off. So much lor devoted loyalty to the Throne. Imperial Federation Sir Samuel Griffiths regards " as impossible of achievement, md he felt doubtful of the colonies retaining their present ' loyalty' to Great Britain unless they received more considera'inn from the British Government." Sir Henry Taylor, " literateur " and poet, and for a life time Under-Secretary for the Colonies, has written :—" If the Colonies have any sentiment of attachment to England (which I doubt) it is one which is ready to be converted into ACTUAL ANIMOSITY on the slightest conflict of interest or interference with independent action." How prophetic are these words. When First Lord of the Admiralty Mr Goschen showed his hand in a recent, interview with the visiting Premiers, how quick and unanimous was the determined opposition of the representatives of Australasia, relative to the Imperial control of the Australian squadron. Mr Goschen was only following in the footsteps of thosd " who said Mr Gladstone wished to rule the colonies by brute force." An absolute disregard of the national sentiment of smaller nationalities is part of the English Tory nature, and conciliation is not one of the virtues for which Englishmen are famed. At a crowded meeting held in the town hall, Sydney, about two years ago, for the purpose of aivocating federation of the colonits under the Crown, an amendment was moved that federation be advocated as the first step towards an Australian Republic. The amendment was put and carried bv 4,000 against about 250 for the motion. Sydney is the capital of the colon v whos* Premier. Mr Geo. Houston Reid. lias'opened ••therift within the lute"and brought toearth once more i he - vaulting ambition" of Mr Joseph Chamberlain and his Utopian dieam. Further, as to the •• intense " loyalty of the colonies, and their " UNDYING LOVE 10R UREAT BRITAIN," no severer blow could be adm nistered to those who cherish the idea that colonists are always profoundly impressed with the honor" of being depettdeiwiex of Britain than the following telegraphic report (from "The Times"') of the National Liberal Convention, held at Ottawa, the capital of Canada, in June, 1895. Speaking to the principal resolution, the Hon Wilfred Laurier (now the Right Hon Sir Wilfred) said : " He was loyal to Great Britain, but his first duty was io' Canada. If the interests of Great Britain and Canada clashed, he mu6t stand by his native land." (Aa incidental reference to Mr Gladstone provoked tremendous cheering.) " There were " (said Mr Lnurier) "three possible futures for Canada. First, ' Union with Great Britain ' " (This was received in silence.) "fecond. ' Independence.'" (Cheering.) - Union with the United States." (More cheering.) British and Canadian interests clashed in those days. Now, as to Imperial Federation, it must be relegated to a place altogether ouside of the dominion of practical politics. It is simply THE DFTEAM OF VISIONARIES, and the nightmare of crude political thought. " On the principle that language was given man to conceal his real thoughts, Imperial Federation" said Professor Freeman, " is surely the wisest name ever thought of. On any o»hei principle it is surely the most foolish. For it is absolutely without meaning : it is a contradiction in terms. ' Empire' implies the rule of some person or p .wer over some other : ' Federal' implies the union of certain powers or communities presumably on equal terms. What is imperial cannot be federal, and what is federal cannot be imi erial." A confederation of the Queen's dominions, especially if it be called " imperial," cinnot shut out the Empire of India, and if that be let in. the European white Christian—however we choose to distinguish them— part of Her Majesty's subjects will be a small minority in the confederation of Great Britain. Canada, Australasia, and South Africa will always be outvoted by the great mass of their Asiatic dark-skinned Hindu, Parsee, and Mohommedan fellowsubjects, and the piece of meeting for such a confederation cannot be Westminster, Ottawa, Sydney, Melbourne, Cape Town, or Auckland : it must be Delhi, or anywhere that the Asiatic majority may think good. Is this what anybody in the United Kingdom or in any English-speaking colony wishes for ? The answer comes emphaticallv, " No!" But Imperial Federation defined as a federation of the Queen's dominions either means this or it means nothing. It is easy to preach the doctrine of Imperial Federation. This is unquestionably the reason why the entire question has so long hung fire. Perhaps no question of modern times has more generally engaged the attention of politicians than the abstract idea of drawing together more closely THE ILL-DEKINED RELAXED BONDS of British race unity. Our ablest writers have discussed it, our best orators have waxed eloquent over it. an influential league had for years advocated it, and strove to keep it prominently before the public mind. And yet the great, cause has mane but little real progress. Neither the Home nor the Colonial public has caught on. And this, mainly, because no one knows exactly what it exactly means, or how it can possibly be brought "about.. .Thui? while separation from the Mother Country, as the one alternative has an eventuality realized as probible by all the colonies, definite federal union with her as the other alternative, has hitherto never assumed a tangible shape capable of serious discussion. It always has been generally recognised that senile and effete British conservatism had nothing in common with the aspirations of either British or Colonial democracies. The freer the colonies are from the Imperial control the more do they advance. While these were under Crown Government progress was unknown, while progress and prosperity were conterminous with Responsible Government. Reasoning thus by analogy it can b«e assumed that if these colonies were altogether free and independent, Australasia would advance with grand strides on the road that would ultimately lead to the dawn of an era of the highest progressive development. 