AUSTRALIAN POETRY.* The literature of every COuntry bears its own distinctive impress, and may be easily recognised by those who have resolutely applied themselves to study the subject. Especially is this true with regard to poetry, which, being to a large extent the child of imagination, must' naturally be greatly influenced by environment. Snohw-capped moun tains, dizzy precipices, roaring tor rents, leaping cascades, noble rivers, spreading oceans, stamp their own images on the thoughts they awaken, and thus reproduce themselves. Aus tralia has comparatively few features calculated to inspire awe. Her vast and scarcely undulating plains covered with a sombre vegetation are too monoUbnous to kindle poetic fire; and instead of having his attent:ion chal leng-ed by what is sublime and beauti ful amongst inanimate objects, the poet is insensibly driven to the cona templa:tion of what is passing in the busy scenes around him. Hence Aus tralian poetry largely deals with. the incidents of daily- life that fail to arrest the notice of one in a thousand, and yet they are full of inteaeest, and often thrill with touching pathos. Such 4 are the verses of Mr. Boake: they are not sentiment; they are reality. The reader meets with living men, and just as they live. He mingles with them 4 in the station hut, the bush track, at the camp fire, the village hostelry, mustering and branding cattle, search ing for a missing mate or a wandering child; indeed, there is scarcely a I phase of Australian life that is not laid under this pleasing contribhtion. Here are a couple of stanzas from "Skeeta," a deserted and 'heart-broken young wife: And then came a day when the doctor went home, for the truth was avowed; And I knew that my hands, which had I rocked her in childhood, would fashion her shroud: I knew we should tenderly carry and lay her where many more lie Ah, why will the girls love and marry, when men are not worthy?-Ah, why? She lay there a-dying, our Skeeta; not e'en did she stir at my kiss: In the next world, perchance, we may greet 4 her; but never, ah, never, in this! Weeks after, I went down one morning to trim the white rose that had grown, And clasped, with its tender adorning, the plain little cross of white stone.. Y In the lane dusty drovers were wheeling dull cattle with turbulent sound; But I.paused as I saw a man kneeling, with his forehead pressed low on the mound. Already he'd heard me approaching, and slowly I saw him uprise And move away, sullenly slouching his cabbage-tree over his eyes. I never said anything to him as he mounted his horse at the gate; He didn't know me, but I knew him-the husband who came back too late! In quite a different vein is "Babs Malone," a three-year-old jockey, who was lifted by his father on a race horse. At that moment the steeple chase came along, the old horse fired up at the familiar sound,and before the child could be removed it had started off and took up the running with the rest. The baby rider held on by 'Lhe mane, and was delirious with delight, though all the spectators, terror s'tricken, held their breath. Old Gay lad did his best! Down the straight the leaders thun dered, While the people cheered and wondered, For ne'er before had any seen the equal of that sight; And never will they, maybe, See a flaxen-headed baby, Hug racehorse to the winning-post with all his tiny might. But Gaylad's strength is waning Gone, in fact, beyond regaining; Poor Babs is flogging hopelessly, as pale as any ghost: But hle looks so brave and pretty That the Rose's jock takes pity, And, pulling back a trifle, lets the baby pass the post! What cheering and tin-kettling Had they after at the settling! And how I they fought-to -see b'ho'd3hold the baby on his lap; *"Where the Dead Men Lie. and 'Other ,*.Pooms," by -Barcroft Boake; edited, with 1;notea - and memoir, by.A. G. Stephens. 5 ,Sdney: Angus and Robertson, As President Montgomery, With a brimming glass of Pommery, Proposed the health of Babs Malone, who'd won the Handicap. The book concludes with an interest ing memoir of the author, from which we learn that he was born at Balmain, Sydney, on 26th March, 1866, and also that he died by his own hand at Middle Harbour about 2nd May, 1892. A sor rowful termination to a young and promising life; but only "the heart knoweth its own biitterness." The book is adorned with a number of excellent illustrations, including several portraits of the author at different ages, ..and al;together its get-Hp is equa.l 'to anything of a simi lar character produced in the mother country. 