" 1 1 A Perilous Position, . CPobudbkd bt Szzouzi AioiMftxiciinr. ' r»'An. ' . By MARY ALBERT, Author of The Luckiest Man in theWorld," "TheBrideof aDay," "Brooke Finohley'e Daughter," "A Hidden Terror," "Delia's Story," \- "The.Shelling of the Peas," &o.;, 4o. ' COPYlUflHT. CHAPTER XII.— ( Continued. ' I T was at onco recognised that the loss of the deed was a serious one. Some reasonable hope, however, was cherished of recovering it; for the thief could hardly have been cognisant of its existence, and tho case might have clattered down among the ruins, which diligent search" might reveal. If it was not discovered, how ever, then would that other Godfrey Byng, not intended to benefit by the bequest, be able to claim ? There were witnesses who could make oath as to the testator's request during his Inst momonts .; would such testimony have weight sufficient to sot aside the legal technicality of tho point? . He felt unable to satisfy his doubt — n court of law must decide that. It was uu unfortunate occurrence. Cold and shaken though he was, hesitjes having received some bad bruises, he was early at the spot by daylight, accompanied by two police' officers. Very diligent search was made over a wide area of the ruins, for if the tin case had struck the wall it might have rebounded to a good distance, and be far from the spot where it had escaped his hold. They searched thon in scomingly impossible places for the box, and it was many days before tho effort to dis cover it was abandoned. A reward was then offered for its restoration, with its contents intact, und a free pardon to the thief. But this, too, failed in effect. Moreover, the story became known far and wide. It was after this that tho ruins wore reported to he haunted. Years passed on, and in course of time tho two witnesses to Sir Godfrey's signaturo of tho important letter he had dictated, died, and then it was that Godfrey Byng, of New York, put in his claim, and made it good. He succeeded in obtaining legal judgment in his favour, and at the expiration of the remaining six years it was ho, and not the Godfrey Bonald Byng we have read of here, to whom the money was awarded. Perhaps had this grievous disappoint: ment never fallen to hia lot, the muu who loved Miss Thorpeleigh wonld have grown up less reckless and prone : to despair. The remembrance of his loss overshadowed his last, years at school and college, and gradually he had taken to betting on horses, losiug— winning — losing ; with tho fatal result of getting into bad habits aud falling into debt, till hero he was — as we have Been — virtually an outcast, driven to escape his creditors and his troubles by a resolve to take his own life, aud then by hiding himself in a menial capacity. Once more circumstances had ousted him from the poor employment be had found and he was adrift without a friend, since ho could .not accept Margaret's aid, and was without a character. But in all ..his woes, one consolation remained to him. -No one. save Mai'r garet suspected his - identity with the presumed suicide; Godfrey Byng. When -Margaret returned to her magnificent residence, ' broken- hearted, yet with hope lingering in, her crushed life, she took a new; resolution, and.this resolve would have saved her, hut for tliat new and stango occurrence which roused tho indignation of all tho county, aud of which wo. shall hear presently. She .had thought that by-ond-by — a year lienco, perhaps— Godfrey would write to her, and then, come what might, -she would bring himhack.- Overcomo by the constancy of her affection, lie would consont to all lier wishes, and they would begin together a new life, while she would ho the hiqipiest woman under the sun. So she reasoned, not dreaming of the further blow which was to fall. Meantime, Emmie, Leigh Fuvrowes, and /Martin, now that - the excitement they had undergone ..lind. passed off, nnd they had to meet the consequences of thoir miduight escapade, felt restless and dis pirited, For not one of, thorn dreamed of escaping tho measure which would he severally dealt out to .them. .It was- just before the return of Martin's father and mother that Mr. Olford, senior, owner, of The. Ruins, returned, one. warin ,uight-in early autumn from town. .- Ou such occasions- hu mude-a point of sending uuy -luggugo bomo by the road, whilo ho walked across hisownparkbyashortorroute.. 'Nobody shall say that T fear to court, the ghost of poor Sir Godfrey,'- he, would remark, .1 and in time Fhope-'td make some im pression ,'on ;' thd ''|ooUsh ; -rusties r here.' But ho took care.mpver 'td uorry,!m6noy; or his' wateli for .thdiiglivho'/ did' not' 'dread- ghostly visitants, ho was . aware that earthly ones - might- .lurk, with - ho good iutout, hobirid- the ruined walls jio liad to pass. : , ' . Still, so many years had now elapsed since the .lawyer, Mr. Leyton, hhd -been- knocked down and robbed,. that", tho. fear, of the recurrence of such- a thing had' long since died away. In tho".eourso .of twenty yeurs - ono does forget. ' / > Not imagining danger; of -tiny kind, Mr. Olford eamo -pn ,nt an' easy; pace. ,/Thorruins, evoLviuujestid, and -beautiful, wore noveruioro : imposing -than thoy were in this soft light, v. Ho was pleased anew ,tu feel that they wore Iris own, and that ho could, leave them tohiB sou, Reginald, after him. Accord ingly his eyes rested on the clustering ivy, and tho fretwork of stone, ' the olear sky showing through the frameiyork of the nrehes. / . .Then all at once a slight noiso struck his ear, and','- '-in a .. moment, ' ' he found hiiUsOlf - tripped' up;-' helpless, and he knew that two men' were standing over him. , ' 'I lmve no money with me,' said he, preserving his presence - of mind. ,-t Nono — or yon . should have,' it as the ;price of my freedom.' -' -. v J \- ' That doesn't'matter,' 'said one of his assailants, hurriedly. ' You ' shall he free and without'-harm if you will sign your name ; but we must-oarry,, you ' to a plaoe of safety.' ' What is it you want mo to sigh ? I don't sign without knowing,' said the . captured gentleman; resolutely, silently registering a vow never moro tp pass Tho RuinB alone, and at nightfall. ' Time presses, so givo heed,' replied the foremost man. ' "What you have to sign is a cheque for a thousand pounds payable to .Tames Hills. You've heard of Jim Hills, surely ?' ' And what if I do not sign ?' re turned Mr. Olford, in much conster nation. ' Why, then,' with; a disagreeable laugh, 'you will not., leave The Ruins alive. Choose, ibut do -not be too long, about it.' And the fellow produced a revolver.- . It was nil very well to say ' choose,' hut, actually, the pinioned gentleman had no choice, and of that lie was aware. 'And supposing that I sign, .what then V asked he, rightly surmising that this unscrupulous thief would hardly release him till the cheque had been converted into gold., v 'In adopting that wise course you will be mado as comfortable as circum stances permit through tho night, and you will- be released as early as possible to-morrow morning. Can you expect more?' Mr. Olford reflected. ' I will give you threo minutes,' said his captor. ' And you aro the man who figured as the under-kceper at Oak Park ?' asked the gontleman, whose uncomfort able reflections may he easily surmised. | The very same. You see, if I had made a successful capture of Lord Basil, I should not ho driven to this extremity.1 ' You did not begin life as au under- keopcr, I suspect, Mr. . Hills ?' added Mr. Olford. 'No, I confess that was. a new ex perience to me,' said the other, with the utmost 'sang froid.' 'But, now, my dear sir, hard as you' find it .to choose botwecn death and parting, .with a thousand pounds, that choice you must make now, on tho instant.' ,. ' I suppose I . must sign the cheque,' roplied /Reginald's father, slowly. 'How is it to be done ?;. ' Very easily ; the cheque only heeds your signaturo, as I have taken the precaution to procure a leaf from your cheque book a good wkilo since, in case of emergencies. My eonfedcruto and I will now conduct you to your quarters for the- night; Remember, that the least attempt at a ory, or to escape, sees you a dead man; We shall cover you with a revolver during the short transit from this spot to your resting place.' \- Resistance being , impossible, the un fortunate gentleman submitted with patience, and the strop which bound his legs being released,, ho was hurried forward, his eyes being bandaged. . ' Be ready to Bign as soon as I give the word,'-, was. the next sentence ad dressed to him. Suddenly lie was pulled up, his eyes were .unbandaged, a light was,. struck, and lie saw that he was in an under ground part of the ruins, the loneliest' amid tho. lonely places.; . ' Sign !' repeated the man who called himself Jim Hills. , / Ono hand was : released from the; leathern thong which' bound it as this command was uttered. , .' Take care ! ' .Your hand shakos there must he - no dispute about the signature when this is presented at the' hank. Bill, give the gentleman some wine, tlmt will give him nerve.' ' I will manage to do it firmly, with out the wine, thank you,' tho' poor gentlomnu'liustoned to say. ' Ha ! . You- aro afraid the wine is dragged ! I will drink of it to reas sure you.' And pouriug out half a tumbler full from a flagon tho miscreant tossed it off. Mr. Olford accepted the next draught offered liim, and sigucd the cheque in his usual handwriting. His hand was then at once again scoured iu tho leathern strap, and the light ex tinguished. . | :'You will now he treated with all courtesy . compatible with our position,'' said, tho man who had been spokesman all through. . .'Of courso these ruins will he searched presently, therefore wo . are compelled to: leuvo them before suspicion is arousod.; - Mind, no word; no attempt to escape, ;' and /all' will be well — other wise do not exppct-to see homo again.' ; Thon -ho was; onco more / blindfolded, aud'-led/pvcr thfi urioyon ground, whither lio was unable to determine; . ' CHAPTER XIII,'. ; Strange Tidings. Leigh Furrowes had been spending a good part - of this eventful ovening in pacing up. and.down the shruhhory with Emmie (her- hand in his), hut as he had by - no means enjoyed onough of -her society ho again came up to Oak Park that evening on pretence of having somothing to arrange with Martin ; and once there Emmie and Leigh sang duets together— with Mrs.- Grey sitting by, of course — but that did not preclude a whispered word, a glance or smile, Leigh and Emmie both feeling that these wore the last hours they would spend together for a long while to come, for Sir Bertram aud Ludy Lawfovd wero daily expected home, and when they arrived Emmie had determined at whatever cost to tell the truth, and she knew thatbnuishinent from Leigh would he tho result. So tho lovers made the most of their opportunities. Froiu time to time Martin, whose entire approval and sympathy were freely given, bestowed some well-meant advice on the young pair. ' You two stick to each other, and you'll be rewarded in tho long run,' ho would say, sontontiously. And you, Emmie, have courago enough to say " I won't," to every other suitor, and in time you can say "I will" to Leigh. And I will see you both married.' v.'/-,' 1 Cm m continued.!) . , , - , . 