Luorrntsrsn. MARTIN CASH,1 OR 'tilE OUTLAW OF TABLEMOUNT. ,d, RisltrricaL V.arratmve of thee Early Days, fromu the Diary of ies OeL Cooslsat. (IN SEVENTEEN"PARTS.) PART XVI Taking about six pounds of gms- 1 powder, the leader advanced cautiously but quickly towards the cirCular build ing, which was not more than one hun dred yards distant, and soon reached it. I There was a small recess close to the ground in the stonework evidently for drainage purposes, and intolthis Cash inserted the powder. A train was laid out for some distance and the aperture of the recess partly closed by a log which lay close at hand. When all was ready the powder train was ignited, and, raising his' right arm as a signal to his comrades, Cash drew a pistol and ran round the building. The huge dog in front at once espied him, but almost ere it could bay the bushranger fired and killed it. The distance between this round structure and the homestead proper was not more than fifty yards, and it did not take many seconds fdr so fleet a runner as Cash to cover it. Short as was the time, however, the explosion occurred before the door was reached, and just as a man, bent almost double with age, came toit a terrible blast took place. The volume of smoke which shot up obscured the greater part of the strue ture for a time, but as it cleared away I the full effects of the explosion were t apparent. The loosely built stones were hurled and thrown about in all directions-isn fact the place had col. lapsed. The howls of the wounded and dying dogs were terrific, and the sight and the noise seemed to paralyze the old man who had come to an- } swer the door, and was no other than i Apsley himself. _ .u:. : . "Surrender or you are a dead man. r I am Martin Cash, the bushranger. It I any resistance is made I'll not scruple to take life, so be wise and yield with- t out trouble!" the leader cried as he I confronted the aged owner of the farm house. By this time Cash was joined by his two comrades, and though several men belonging to the farm made their ap pearance from different places, they were all unarmed and entirely at the mercy of the outlaws. To resist meant death. They had all heard of Martin Cash and his comrades and were not disposed to irritate them by useless re sistance. Moreover, the summary measures taken to destroy the dogs had a salutary effect on them from the bushrangers' point of view. Every one of the animals had been killed or seriously injured by the explosion and the falling stones, and the sight was a pitiable one as the wounded animals dragged them selves about howling with pain. " Let me get pistols and put these poor creatures out of their agony," pleaded the old man as he watched his favorite dogs. "I'll save you the trouble. It's best to shoot them, no doubt. Watch these people for a few minutes," the leader said to his fellow-outlaws as he strode towards the kennels. There were-so far as he could see six full grown dogs in the place and four puppies. Only three remained alive, and Cash soon put them out of pain by shooting them. This done, he turned towards the homestead and be. gan the serious business of the day. "Muster all your servants in the kitchen, and mind no one is left out," he said to the old man, who Jones told him was Apsley. The latter did not make any demur to this order but at once obeyed it. Indeed, the employees scarcely wanted telling, for they turned into a large wing on the south side of the home stead which was used as the kitchen and common dining.room. There were a dozen male-servants at the farm and three female-servants, but four of the former were in the outfields. They had heard the explosion and were now returning to the homestead in con. siderable perturbation. Ofcourse they had no idea of what had really hap. pened, but naturally suspected that the powder which Apsley kept in the house had exploded. Kavanagh, who renmained outside; saw these workers coming across the paddocks, and he went inside until they came close to the house. Thled going out he covered thesm with his musket and quickly marched them 'in to their prisoner comrades. "I don't see 'oung Apiley amongst the crowd," said Jones to his chief, "Where is your son ?" curtly asked Cash of the old mian, "My son ?" repeated Apsley senior rather startled. "My sonp Oh yes, Hle is in Ihobart Town. WVent away a couplle cif days ago on business," he concluded, in a lather jerky sort of nasnnler, The nnswer seemed to satisfy the bushrangers, who said nothing further osi the soint but piroceeded to make themselh.,s as comfortablle as pIossible. The larider of Apslhy Itrsi was well stocked, and Cash ordered the best food In the house to be Iprleparedl fr all hands. lHe desiredl to i gratliate himself with the seml erhi, as it wads always wise to oincilicate them. " I stclld to ti0p ?tl e ,it couple ot days, Alpasle," he bIegan, " anil ill tihe mCantine Ill take sate of wtalr lire. nt.rl, Ict ise havu every WeIt utI (it the sort iin the hou.;t, and I cult " aise you will nlt hI1 anotlesed. Tl'hlre Imst Ihe Ilo treachery. If Ithcre is, yuu know dihat will I *:lt." T he 5,in sl Int' sh , F th-i tF tJt'w lr here 1ut tht*/ haul Ft.simi all set-Fiid in a corner ,, thue l at;i,'tii, 'l'hice wihich were loaded he drew the charges from, and that done, he proceeded to do full justice to the excellent repast setbefore hiint. There was plenty of. strong drink placed on 'the table, but the outlaws weid not foolish enough to indulge too freely in it. In fact, sobriety was one of the main factors attending the sue. cess of Cash's gang. It was now rapidly drawing on to ,wards.evening, and the 'bushrangers consulted as to the best 'metiod of spending the night.' They decided to get what rest was possible under the circumstances, and for that purpose Cash told the servants that they could retire to rest at the usual time, but the then must sleep in the kitchen and the women in their own quarters. By this arrangement two of the convicts would be able' to sleep while the other ofic mounted guard over the unarmed em ployees. This suited the latter well enough, and, truth to say. when they found there was no danger of brutal treat ment from the outlaws they rather en joyed the diversion. It really meant relaxation to them at the expense of tihe inaster, for while the bushrangers remained no work would be done. In addition they would eat and drink of the best, and altogether their lot wosild be much better than under the ordinary routine of life. The only person who looked par ticuliirly gloomy, and indeed vengeful, was old Apsley. For the first time in thirty years the farm had been success fully raided and his trusty dogs de stroyed without him having a chance to-'ire 'a shot. Still a look of hope sometimes flitted across his face as he sat moodily before the spacious fire. place. Cash noticed his dejection, and said:-"This is the first time I be. lieve, Apslcy, you have ever had to en tertain bushrangers. I must say you do' it well,' and 'we will always think gratefully of you." ' 'The old man'turned fiercely and ex claimed :-"You may never get a chance to begrateful;:. You've come to Apsley Farm, but you haven't got away yet.' 'Don''t make too sure of anything in this place I" The outlaws only laughed at the old man's chagrin and ceased to torment him. Cash was chivalrous enough to see his great age should at least pro tect him from insult. A couple of hours later silence and sleep was or dered, and soon the inmates of Apslcy Farni were either slumbering or trying to do so. Each outlaw took a turn on guard and the night passed without in cident. Cash was in no hurry to leave his comfortable quarters, and decided to remain another night on the farm, as he had stated. The convicts did not fear pursuit for several days longer, and their disposition was to tempt attack rather than run away from it. Indeed, the three men intended to have a short life-for they looked upon that as in evitable-and to make it as merry as possible.- They 'did not care to live like wild beasts hunted from one Scovert to another and suffering priva tions and dangers. During the day the outlaws held high revel. Those of the servants who could sing ordance were cempelled to do so; though the compulsion was not of a severe nature. Apsley, of course, was not asked to take part in this on ac t count of his age, but a careful watch was kept on him. The old man spent the time wander ing around, and often going to the front door, he would gate long and earnestly in the direction where Oat lands lays as if he hoped for succor from that quarter. lie had heard of the desperate character of Cash and his comrades, and knew they were quite ready to fight a company of soldiers, as they had done, and that fact occasioned Apsley not a little uneasiness. As evening drew on the same pre parations as were made on the previous night .were carried out. During the day the outlaws had possessed them selves of all the money which was in place. This amounted to £64. They had also secured the most valuable of the firearms and additional ammuni tion. A bullet-mould was also taken, their own having been lost. Cash decided to take the first watch himself, and this began shortly after nine o'clock-early to bed and early to rise being a maxim practised in Van iDieman's Land in those days by the settlers. The large room where the t employees were kept captive was, as already stated, a wing of the' home stead, and from its door a good view could be obtained around. Before ten o'clock the whole house. hI old ' was apparently asleep, and -the I guard ipased most of lis time walking Sto and fro just outside the room and it front of the house, taking an occa. sional look into the apartment to see that all was well, It was while thus engaged shortly I after ten o'clock that the silence of the night, which was almost oppressive in rits intensity, was suddenly broken by the deep baying of a dog close at hand, SThe sound appeared to come from the Svicinity of the demtolished kennels, and ti the grin warning did ntrot fall usnheeded on the acute ears of Cash, SGoing into the roon, he called up rJones. Kavanagh was already sitilng Sup, the sound having awakened hlin, Snand old Apsley was also very wide awake and not able to conceal Isis angitalion, though the outlaws did niot r notice it blcig otlherwise engaged, "'Tlhee is sOlnethingi the nstlater, SJones. We rolis ntot have killied all the dotsls. 'rhere ir sle ottt.ide tow, ssunsits. ".-and C.ash laughed,lquertly " it in a ghost (rf onle of thie brlltes we killed." ''"loge" rvleated Jones, jurtsint S" ihsts tr',' Ia rrlnethisg v.ront,," \--silt Its' lsn as I Itid h '' w IrirrIn- -" VtItI5un tAirh'y frs- ' h sve ltrsedll aint we'll lave. t5, ir' iar'Ill." ruTh- s th l, rItn w l'te fiow 'ilvesr nhirirs e awake and h ull'illni:ti- - in keCI tl, ,lllll , I I i OVla snn.I , l'srlch bal hollr lislih lllltno Is wo nlrts' Ii, brlae hh''a ti srt nrf ertlstsl.. I cilng ', Ihe duor, the, wsne sjtecdiy convinced there was something wrong as the commotion at the late kennels was considerable. There must have been several dogs, by the' noise, and no doubt they had human 'comradcs with them; The night was very dark, and Cash expressed his intention of going to the west side of the house to try and really ascertain what was the matter.' Jones advised him not to dq so on account of the dogs, but the outlaw chief only laughed at'his fears. Kavanagh remained at the outside door, while Jones kept guard over those inside, and rather anxiously awaited the leader's return. Cash quite knew the risk of discovery hie ran, but he loved danger and was equal to every emergency. He had just attained his objective point when he instinctively felt some thing .was' near him. Both muskets were at full cock and ready for use, but he could not see the foe though he felt one was 'close to him. He was not kept long in suspense, for in the dark ness a few feet away there suddenly gleamed a pair of fiery eyes, and the next instant, with a low, savage growl, a huge bloodhound sprang upon the outlaw. He instantly fired, but the shot only slightly wounded the infuriated animal and the next momecnt it had made a spring at his throat. With a sweep of the arm the man kept it front that part, but its-fangs fastened into the fleshy partof his left forearm. Dropping the firearms, Cash drew the cutlass and began to slash the brute. This was a wise act and pro bably saved his life. Using all his immense strength, a few cuts of the weapon-one of which half severed its body-laid it dying on the ground, and not a moment too soon. He had scarcely time to draw a pistol when an other hound was upon him, but this time his shot' was lucky and laid it low. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 