[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] THE GRINDING MILLS OF GOD, By RITA. Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "A Woman In It," "A Husband of No Importance," "Joan and Mrs. Carr," "Sheba," &c.;, &c.; [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER XXII.—(Continued.) I WENT on playing. I could see her as she sat there, with the moonlight on her soft black draperies, her fair hair and sad, pale face—sadder and paler than ever it looked in that faint light. 'I can't forgot that poor girl,' she said at last. 'So young, so pretty. Such a bright, merry little soul, Nell, and now—dead. She used to run up here with messages, or drive the donkey- cart with vegetables to the town. She was but sixteen. I have known her ever since I lived here.' There came a knock at the door, and the parlourmaid entered. 'If you please, ma'am,' she said, 'there's Polly Donovan without, sister of poor Eily that died this morning. She's after asking for a few flowers. May I give them to her?' 'Of course,' Hannah. Stay, I'll go and pick them myself. Where is the girl?' 'In the back, ma'am, waiting by the kitchen garden.' She rose. I also left the piano. 'Wait a moment,' I urged. 'Is this wise? Remember, the girl has come direct from the infected house. Re- member what your husband said? You are not strong enough to run risks. Let me go and pick the flowers.' She stood as if undecided. 'I'm sure there is no fear, Nell,' she said. 'Besides, the risk is as great for you as for me. Why should you go if I am not to?' 'Oh, doctors and nurses never catch anything,' I said lightly. 'Besides, I am well and strong, and you are not. Stop here and drink your coffee. I'll be back in a moment.' I put my arm lightly round her, and seated her in the chair once more. Then I went off to the garden. A bare- headed, tidily-dressed girl of about twelve years of age was waiting at the gate. Her eyes were red and swollen with crying. 'I will give you some flowers,' I said. 'Come in here. We are so sorry, about your poor sister. I thought she was getting better?' ' So she was, miss. We all thought she was mending grand. And the doctor, he said so too, an' thin sudden- like she took a turn for the worse. 'Twas after takin' the new medicine that was, she begun to be sick in her stomach, miss, an' we saw it was all over, and we sint for the priest, an' then—God rest her sowl—she's gone to glory now, an' we're the sorrowful creatures at home this night.' 'Did Dr. Langrishe see her?' I asked, beginning to cut some white stocks and dahlias and tall, white mar- guerites as I spoke. 'Shure an' he did, miss. We had something from the dispensary first, but no doctor came out. 'Tis a long ways, miss, from the town, an' whin mother heard the master was back she asked him to look in and see Eily. She was on the mend, thin, miss. An' he said she'd get over it. An' thin he brought some new medicine for her, an' after a while she got bad agin. Ah well,' and she wiped her eyes with her print apron, ' it's all over now, miss, an' 'tis wakin' her we'll be to-night, an' lovely she looks, miss. White, an' beautiful, an' sweet, jist like an angel in a picture. God bless her.' I had been gathering flowers while she talked, as many white as I could find, then some pink roses and sweet- pea, and the feathery green of asparagus tops. She held out her apron, and I laid them in, loose as they were. Just as I had done, this, I heard the gate between the kitchen garden and flower garden swing open, and saw Dr. Lang- rishe's tall figure approach. He came quickly towards us. 'Oh, Molly,' he said, 'I thought I saw you pass my window. What's that you came for—flowers?' 'It is, yer honour.' She dropped a surtsey, holding her nearly filled apron carefully the while. ' 'Tis for poor Eily, I come for them,' she went on. 'It's all right. You can have as many as you wish. Look here, this is the paper, the certificate I promised your mother. Give it her when you get home. Be careful, now, don't lose it. The death has to be registered. See they attend to it.' He handed her a sealed envelope, and she put it in the bosom of her gown. He never addressed a word to me, but stood there as if waiting for the girl to go. She curtsied again, bade us good evening, and then walked away, holding the flowers carefully in her apron. I followed her silently, and he ac- companied me. When we reached the gate I bade her good night, and she turned off down a path leading to the back entrance. Then Dr. Langrishe spoke. 'I suppose,' he said, 'I offended you this afternoon.I judge as much by your sending back my books, Pray forgive me, I was vexed, disturbed. 1 had been sorely tried all day, and I'm a bad-tempered man.' 'Pray say no more,' I exclaimed. 'I can quite understand your not liking your books to be meddled with. But you may be sure I would not have touched them without your wife's per- mission, as I told you. But she seemed to think you would not object.' 'Of course not,' he said. 'Of course not. Pray think no more about it. My wife has taken you to her heart; her friends are my friends. Let us forget that little outburst. Go to my room when you wish, take what books you please, so long us you return them, and don't contrast the ill- tempered brute of a husband too unfavourably with the amiable and friendly wife.' I confess I was astonished at such words. But I had secret misgivings as to their real meaning. I did not like this very sudden change. I couldn't understand why, from open discourtesy, he had veered round to apologetic friendliness. There was no reason for it. I felt convinced he had no warmer feeling for me than during the whole time of our acquaintance, but he wished me to believe he had. Well, the conversation, and the incident leading to it, are put down here for what they are worth. Time perhaps may throw some light upon them. I found Mrs. Langrishe still sitting at the open window when I returned. She handed me my coffee, and I stood there beside her drinking it and looking out at the sloping green lawn and the blue, unrippled sea, dotted here and there with fishing boats. 'What are you thinking of?' she asked. 'They are going to "wake" that girl to-night,' I said. 'I would give a good deal to be able to see the ceremony.' 'Would you really? I don't think you would find it interesting. Wakes nowadays are not what they were in Carleton's time. Nor would you find the Shaughraun business likely to happen. The priests are very much against "waking." They try to per- suade the people to send the body to the chapel, but the old prejudices are hard to uproot. And are they really going to have one for poor Eily?' 'So her sister said. Do you think I might get in as an unknown spectator ' 'You could, of course, but I don't think it would be wise, especially if there are any fever germs about.' 'I don't mind that risk,' I said. 'As I told you before, I never catch any- thing.' 'But these Irish hovels and cottages are different— close, dirty, unventilated. I never knew a people who so rigorously objected to fresh air, pure water, and cleanliness.' 'Youghal is certainly a very dirty place,' I observed. 'And the shops, with the exception perhaps of the drapers' and the big store, are a dis- grace. Isn't there anyone in charge, local board, commissioners, magistrates, who could improve matters?' 'I suppose they think they have done enough. They have made the Black- water navigable, and passed a drainage Act, and protected the salmon fishery, and there is a poorhouse, and an in- firmary, and gas works, and a savings bank. What more would you want in an Irish town, so old and unimportant?' 'It used to bd important once.' 'Ah yes, my dear. But Ireland is very different now.' 'But to return to the wake?' I said. 'It has occurred to me that Moll Duggan might be going.' 'Might! My dear child, she'd get up from her own death-bed to go. No festive gathering in the world can com- pare in the Irish mind with the glorious excitement of a wake, or a funeral.' 'I know that,' I said. 'Although, of course, in Dublin— —' 'Ah, yes, Dublin is different. It has advanced a little with the times, but don't compare Youghal to the capital.' 'I know nothing to which I could compare it,' I said, laughing. 'And yet it might be made, so beautiful and so popular.' 'Have you made up your mind to go, Nell?' she asked presently. 'Because, if so, I should advise you to take Moll Duggan with you as a chaperone, and put on your plainest gown, and a bonnet, if you have one. I am sure you will find it a wretched business, and be sorry you went; but if you are bent upon it——' ' I think I am,' I said, 'and I'll take your, advice, and go in under the shelter of Moll Duggan's wing.' I laughed softly to myself. An idea had entered my head. I said nothing to her, but went upstairs to my room, and put on the dress, cloak, and bonnet of the nursing sisters. They were of a dark, neutral tint, and the bonnet had the usual long veil and white strings. I came down softly and walked across the hall. As I reached the drawing-room, the door of the consulting-room was suddenly opened, and Dr. Langrishe came out. I stood still, the handle in my hand. He was half way towards me before he remarked my presence. Then he started. 'Good heavens,' he cried. 'What's this?' 'It's only me,' I said. 'Didn't you know me in my professional get-up?' 'No. . . . It startled me at first. I couldn't——But what on earth have you dressed up like that for?' 'I am going to an Irish wake,' I said, 'for the first time, and I want to look unremarkable.' 'Do you fancy you do that?' he asked. There was a curious look in his eyes that I did not like. I made no answer, but walked into the drawing-room. He followed. Mrs. Langrishe gave a little cry of surprise. I had dressed once for her in the old lilac gown and cap and apron, but she had never seen me in my out- door uniform. 'Why, Nell!' she exclaimed, and then her face grew suddenly white. 'Why did you put that dress on', she said in distressed, broken way. 'It seems like an evil omen. I don't like it. When you came into the room——' 'I am so sorry,' I said; 'I never thought you would mind. You told me to put on something very quiet.' 'What nonsense you are talking, Mary,' said Dr. Langrishe. 'I think it is a very suitable costume for Miss Nugent. It is certainly most becoming,' he added, with another of those odd looks. 'But what is the idea of going to this wake? You are Irish yourself, and it can have no novelty for you?' 'That is just what it has,' I said. 'I have never seen one, and I am anxious to do so.' 'I can't applaud your taste,' he said. 'A lot of noisy, ragged creatures, huddled in one room, drinking whisky, and shouting and singing, and moaning and crying. It is the nearest approach to Pandemonium that I can imagine.' I was drawing on my gloves. I made no observation. 'Are you going by yourself?' he asked, suddenly. 'No,' I said, 'with Moll Duggan; if she'll take me, that is to say.' 'Moll Duggan?' His brow darkened, and he turned towards the window. 'You choose odd company,' he said. CHAPTER XXIII. I met Moll Duggan just locking her door, dressed in her long Irish cloak, which, summer or winter, is the out-of- door attire of the Irishwoman when she can afford it. When she cannot, she contents herself with a shawl drawn over her head. The old woman started when she saw me. 'Glory be to God, who is it?' she ex- claimed, and crossed herself hurriedly. 'Why, don't you know me, Molly?' I said. 'Ah, miss, so 'tis you it is. What's come to ye at all? I thought ye was a ghost, stealin' along, shure 'tis not the way ye're dressed on other days?' 'No,' I said. 'But I was once a nurse, Molly, and this was the dress I had to wear, and I've put it on to- night because I want you to take me to Mickey Donovan's farm. They're to "wake" poor Eily to-night, and I'm going. I'm sure you are bound for it, too.' 'I am, miss. Wasn't she like a child av me own, poor Eily. May the heavens be her bed this blessed night, an' shure they will, for 'tis she was the innocent good creature, an' the good child to her parents.' 'I'm sure of that,' I said. 'Every- one has a good word for her. It is sad to die so young, Molly.' We were walking on together. She seemed less sour and reticent than her wont. 'Sad,' she said, as if echoing my words. 'Ah thin, miss, there's sadder things than dyin' young. Maybe she's tuk from worse to come.' As if that thought brought dark re- flections in its train, she lapsed into gloom and silence. We crossed a field path and skirted a small wood, then a patch of rough and rocky ground, from whence we caught sight of the farm in the distance. The white buildings and walls shone in the moonlight. Fields of grain and potatoes lay in green patches around, the cows were in their sheds, the useful and inevitable donkeys browsed in leisurely peace on a wide stretch of grass land, a farm horse or two kept them company. Evidently Micky Donovan was a well-to- do farmer. 'The land looks well,' I remarked to my companion as we neared the farm house itself. 'Tis well enough,' she said, curtly, for the Irish are too wise to praise any- thing for which rent has to be paid. 'But Micky's a poor man. He finds it hard enough to live an' keep his family respectable from one rent day to another.' 'But his landlord must live also, and keep his family respectable,' I said. 'Do you never think of that?' 'Ah, sure, 'tis easy enough for the likes o' thim to live, an' the best av everything at their service,' said Molly. 'They never denies themselves any- thing. 'Tis no toilin' an' moilin' in the cold of winter or the heat of summer as they knows about.' [TO BE CONTINUED.] 