IN AUSTRALIAN ACTflfi. The Australian Stage Super numerary, « Super' or ♦' Supe.' (By Lancelot B.) HE Australian stage su pernumerary resembles his English and Ameri can, cousins of the same avocation in many strong oolnts. Sup ernumeraries are (but indeed the simile is applicable to other than stage s u p e rnumeraries) wingless birds, like the ostrich, the emu, and the pen guin. They ' don't soar like skylarks, hawks, or eagles; they are purely terrestrial.. All stage pictures require a back ground, and it very often consists of crowds or mobs. These crowds, mobs, multitudes, throngs, or 'om- nes' — in the play books — require ar tistic handling;, and it needs all the tact, patience, and firmness of an adroit stage manager to reconcile the observer to the faithful realisation of Hamlet's advice to the players. Stage clowns always want to speak more than is set down for them, which may only be 'Hur- rah!' or 'Hear, tear!' or 'Down with him!' I may be thougtt to 'shoot the long *ow,' but I heard a supernumerary cry out in the Julius Caesar oration scene1, 'Brutus be hanged! An tony is my man!' which caused some merriment among his fellows and his retirement as an ex ponent of Roman citizenship. Then, I may be asked, What is the difference between supernumerary — 'super' and 'supe?' Not much, but a great deal. A supernumerary may be, as the term signifies, one over the num ber reauired; an emergency Tin*' in cricket, foot ball, or a rifle team is only a supernumerary, but on the stage they pluralise the designation, and many an unfortunate, -broken-down or aged actor is glad nowadays to forget the glories of his past, and go en in a crowd. Hard lines when it comes to this! But, alas! it is often true of the theatrical profession as of others; in dividual members succumb to the strain — very often having themselves alone to blame — of fighting against ill-health and consequent ad verse circumstances; till, like played-out race horses, they get to the shafts or the pole, and are whipped up according to their staying powers. These and others constitute, to my mind, supernumeraries — 'auxiliaries' they are frequently designated in the head lines of a play-bilL A file of 'Permanents' may be en gaged to represent the departing army in the 'Lady of Lyons' when Claude Melnotte, in hia hurried speech to his fainting Pauline, declares that he will return 'a beter man than a prince.' They pass the window of the widow's cottage on the 'quick march' to the inspiriting 'Marseil- laise' air; but the same soldiers keep on pass ing, for immediately they get beyond that win dow and door they do a 'double' behind the scene and re-appear, unrecognised by the au dience in the excitement, for caps are perched on bayonets, and with 'vivas' and shouts the ten or twenty trained miltary men, represent an army of as many thousands. Supernumeraries or auxiliaries of this class are only required for special pieces; but there axe other plays presented, when it is required to have a mixed throng, such as is seen at a race course, and I have noted many funny incidents connected with such scenes, for it is difficult to make a ynan -who is not a gentleman comport himself as one^ — the cloven foot will obtrude it self. Recognising this fact, an astute stage manager will often ask actors disengaged to 'oblige,' and if visitors happen to be behind the scenes he may invite 'them to 'go on,' and mix with the crowd, if they want to see what the 'front' looks like. Not many accept the invi tation, or if they do they invariably want a beard or something to conceal their identity. Not of such a squeamish and precise disposition was my old friend George ? . We were play ing 'Formosa' (that much discussed and abused yet popular production of the late Dion Bouci cault), just then new to the colonies, in which the final scene culminates -in ' the Oxford and Cambridge boat race. George ? , a pressman of great ability, of jolly habits, and popular, at tached to an influential newspaper, expressed a desire to 'go on' in the crowd; and so he was assigned to one of the ladies, with whom he walked* to and fro to his great satisfaction. When Mr. Hoskins and myself — the two archconspira tors—bad been taken off by the policeman (Joe Stark) to Bow-street— ('No, hang it! not Bow street — Marlborough-street, it's more fashion able.')— the contending boats (in miniature) ap peared in the distance. In sjich cases the crowd divide, or arrange themselves so as not to obstruct the view of the audience; and of course this practice was neces sary in 'Formosa,' But George was not aware of it (not having attended rehearsal), and amid cries of 'Light blue!' 'Dark blue!' 'Hurrah!' 'Oxford wins!' 'Cambridge!' etc., George found himself (deserted by his lady) occupying the centre of the stage. Alone, he was instantly recognised by the audience, and a huge roar of laughter greeted him, while one facetious voice (there's always somebody who is known as 'a voice') cried out: 'Hallo, George, what size Che new pair?' A hurricane of laughter poured from the auditorium of that theatre, amid which, mingled with great applause, the play came to an end as the. victorious Oxford eight came in in triumph. George was, for that night only, a supernumerary. I don't remember that he ever exhibited himself in that amateur capa city afterwards. He was a grand fellow, with a head full of brains, and his feet — well, that* s where the 'voice' came in — were abnormally large. So much — though the subject might be extend ed and stretched at the expense of wearying the reader — for the stage supernumerary. * Now to decapitate him by slicing off 'numer- ary' and leave him bare 'super.' The 'super' is 'an altogether different sort of kind of pusson.' He belongs to the theatre; he has been there for years probably; he is part of the stock and furniture; he. drops into line in. marches, or takes his place naturally in crowds or banquets, and is familiar with Othello or' Macbeth, ready to be a senator or a guest, and stands not upon the order of his going. He ia a critic, too, and will tell you that when he played with Charles Kean or with Creswick he always had to assume a different attitude or be in another position. If he is an intelligent 'super,' and is (as is, or was, sometimes -the case in emergencies) given a line or so to speak, he is ruined as a rule, for he invariably makes a 'hash' of it, and he will treasure those lines in his memory— hug them, as it were. He will date from that red-lettered night. I clearly remember overhearing a brace of supers In argument: 'Ye're wrong, Bill— I tell yer Burford was a-playin' Macbeth, and I says, ''Consider it done, my lord.' ' 'Ga'an; that's Richard the Third, and you wasn't in the kumpney. You means the .tim& when I says, 'Ark, I 'ear 'orses,* and Bob, what drownded ^isself said, 'I think it will come down to- night.' ' 'Ohl 'ark to that— that shows what you know about it. Bob said, 'I think 'twill rain to night.' ' 'I'll bet you two drinks,' he said; ' come -daoun afid ? ' Just then they were called to carry a coffin on, . and I heard the two aforetime Macbeth murderers disputing about the matter in sub dued tones; but I have no doubt the argument was resumed afterwards, perhaps to be referred anon to some other super, or actor, willing to act as arbitrator or judge. He -has his own opinions of the merits, or demerits, of particular 'stars,' and will -flout with scorn any ? contrary expression of opinion from his emphatic declaration. 'Ga'an; I tell yer he warnt a patch on Muntgummery.' He dearly loves a jpke,.and will play off old tricks on sucking -actors, or on any jiew recruits to his own ranks. These latter are his special objects of attack, ..tor he views them with a jealous eye, though, perhaps, If they 'booze h'fm up', he will patronise them,. and give them the ?. benefit of 'his advice and long . 'stage ex perience.' He has a-f fertile brain lor Vconcocting 'sellB.' Said a super to a, hew recruit, 'I seen the cast in the prompt entrance for 'Amlet for Friday. You're down for Marshal Stork. 'Tain't fair to pass over the heads of a' old actor like me.' Away went the. super to scan the cast, and presently, he returned and rebuked his tormentor. ? ''Their ain't any Marshal Stork in 'Amlet.' . 'That's all you know— you get the book and you'll see ('enter the ghost with, martial 'Stalk') — see.' . . . - ? -;. A super had three lines given to, him to speak by. the 'late B. N. Jones, -and he was . so elated that he at once went and purchased a book of the play. At rehearsal ie was proud of his lines, and flourished his book before his less for tunate brethren as though he was at last fairly on the road to fame. At length, amid the gen eral exclamations of an excited' mob, Jones no ticed that the super was as dumb as an oyster. 'Now then, sir,' cried he; ''why don't yon open your mouth?' . ' 'Please, sir, it's not in my. part.' 'What's not in your part?' 'This 'ere 'No, no! no gaolbirds'; it's 'omnes,' sir.' A roar of laughter greeted this -unlucky speech, and that 'super' was ever after known by no other sobriquet but 'omnes.' The 'supe' is only another modification of the term, and is applicable 'to, perhaps, the most stupid of the genus upon whom it is expedient to .waste the least possible amount of breath. They all hang about the precincts of the theatre, even when their serv^ces^are not required, like jackdaws about an ? old tower. Some few may supplement their paltry earnings, which seldom amount to more than 15s of £1 per week, by doing odd jobs ? outside, but as a rule they don't bother. It is the ambition of all of them to be 'head super,' or 'super-master.' But as I have said, they are purely, terrestrial — they never rise, and after a few years are quite useless f or any other calling. ' They have stomachs like other folk, and cannot exist on air, though how they do exist (especially those -with familes) it is difficult to, imagine. Some of them are good hearted fellows, and of very respectable and careful habits. 'One, now a man getting on in years, I have known at the old 'Vic.' and at the Queen's-a score of years ago. He is in a steady billet outside now, and we often meet and have a chat over old times. However, the reader may take my word for it, that the life of an average super is not to be envied. I would prefer, for choice, to be a bootblack. 