CONCERT AND BALL AT BLACK RANGE. One of the most successful concerts ever hold at Black Range was given in the local School of Arts on Friday evening last, A n excellent programme had been prepared un der the able supervision of Mr. G. W. Rhyne hart, and the audience showed its entire satisfaction and appreciation of the enter tainment by the hearty applause which greeted tho various items. The president of the institution, Mr. J. Wilkinson, took the chair Eoon after 8 o'clock, and explained that mo uujoou ui tut7 uuuuci t auu uciix -vus i,u aug ment the funds to be devoted to the pur chase of books which would form the nucleus of a library. He emphasised tho necessity of a verandah round the building, and also tho neod for a small room to serve ordinarily as a reading-room, and as a dressing-room during entertainments when the occasion arose. He felt sure that if tho committee opened a sub scription list the amount necessary to pro vide these additions would be speedily forth coming, and he showed his practical sym pathy with the object by promising to head the list with a subacriptien of £1 (since re ceived). He spoke of the zeal and energy displayed by the late secretary, Mr. Manns, on behalf of the institution, and felt confident that the present secretary would prove a worthy successor. The folio vv ing programme was then reudered : — ' From Oberon in Fairy Land,' Albury Grleo Club ; song, ' M'Tavish's Glenlivet,' Mr. Douglas ; duet, ' The wind ami the harp,' Mes dame3 Down and V.pati ; character song, ' Just behind the scenes,' Mr. J. G. Layton (encsred) ; song, ' See yon rose,' Miss Toy; comic song, 'The grass widower,' Mr. J. D. Turnbull (encored) ; song, 'Jua- nitn,' Miss Ryan ; clog dance. Mr. Kelton ; glee, ' Awake, iEohan Lyre,' Albury Qlne Club; song, 'They all love Jack,' Mr. T. Lang; song, 'Save my mother's pictuie, ' Miss Kyan ; recitation, 'Bill Jink's Ghost,' Mr. G. H. Roxburgh (encored); song, 'When the heart is young,' Mrs. Ferrier (encored); song, 'I dreamed a dream,' MissSchmiedt; court dance, Miss Kelton ; comic song, 'I'm going to be a professional,' Mr. Luke Galla gher (encored); 'Auld Lang Svne,' with chorus (Mrs. Ferrier as soloist), and 'God save the Queen,' brought the entertainment to a close. Miss Schmiedt and Mr. G. W. Rhynebart were the accompanist*. Mr. Wil kinson, on behalf of the committee, thanked the performers. Messrs. Sims and Kelton supplied the music for the ball, which was fairly well patronised. The following letter was read from Mr. R. T. Ball, M.LA. :— ' Legislative Assembly, N.S.W,, Sydney, 14th July, 1897. -! Mr. H Hague, Hon. Sec. of the Black Range School of Arts. \- ^©ear Sir, — I have to thank year committee for their very kind invitation to ba present at the coecsrt to be held in aid of the library funds on Fiiday nex:, 16th inst. Nothing would have aff jrded me greater pleasure than accepting the compliment you havs paid me, but unfortunately a prior engngemeLt prevents my being able to get there on Friday night, but I am glad to say that it is not beyond rav power to assist in aueh a worthy object, and I have mufh pleasure in forwarding a cheque for £1 Is. in aid of the library fun is, and I hope you will hav' a euc cjssful and p;eisant gathering on Friday nigM next. Kiidiy apologise for my absence, and exprea* my regret at not bsing able to be pre sent, acd with kind regards and best wishes, I remain yours faithfully, B. T. Ball. 'P.S. — I will taico an early opportunity of viii.ing Black Ranjje.' 