NOTES FROM LONDON. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. LONDON, 20i.li Octdbor. 1 ho Prineo of Wales laid on 23r<| iiist. thc foundntion stone of tho now Christ's Hos pital, which is to be erected at Horsham, in Sussex, but it will bo ilircc or four years be fore the bareheaded, yellow stockinged boys disappear fr.om the streets of London. The metropolis will lose, some of its pictitresquc- ness by tbe loss of an institution, which lias existed in it for three centuries, but the hoys will gnin by being transferred from five acres jn the heart of the city to e- thousand on the borders of Surrey nd Sussex! Tlie present school, founded by Hcnry 'VJlI., and effectively started - by Edward VI.-, stands upon the site of the historic .Grey- Friars' monastery, whose church .almost ri valled Westminster Abbey iii the riuniber of distinguished people who were buried there. It is said that the ghost of ope of them, Queen Isabella, the disreputable wife of Edward II., still haunts the cloisters, and Leigh Hunt describes tho terror she hnd for tho -hoys in his days. But 'Hvhen the present collegiate buildings arc pulled down nnd their place occupied by the warehouses of Manchester men or dealers in cycles, the wretched woman, or what remains of her, will have to rest quietly in her grave. A very suggestive discussion took: place at the conclusion of a paper read before the Architectural Association qri the Paris. Bn-. zaar Five. The greatest danger .'from Arc appears to exist, not' from perriinncnt build ings — whether churches or 'places ; of amuse ment—but structures which were -''either temporary or nt any rate were being diver- ted_ from their ordinary use for a short period. Mr.' Blashtll, thc superintending architect of the London Coupty Qouneil, asserted that he hnd far less difficulty in dealing with the managers of theatres than with persons connected with temporary en tertainments. Clqrgymen, school ' masters and others who desired to make a. little money for good and pious objects were absolutely heedless- of danger." Major Boo called for a supervision ovci churches iu. order to lessen the peril to human life aris ing from crowded galleries and 'narrow staircases. But ecclesiastical edifiqes are not decorated after the manner of a Paris bazaar, nor are they. generally .very bril liantly lighted. Temporary entertainments are, however, in a different category, nnd call for further control; though it is not probable that any bazaar, either in Eng land or Australia, will be characterised by such a disregard of every condition of .safety ns that which .was carrie'd op ' with such lamentable results in the Hue Goujou last spring. Che railway which is to connect Bnluwayo with Cajle Colony will be opened in. a few days, and a large number of persons, includ ing some members of Parliament, have left London in order to participate in the festi vities. One advantage of the opening up' of Mafcabelcland is that its resources will be thoroughly tested, and the world will be able to form a tolerably accurate estimate of the real value of the territories -domin ated by the Chartered Company. - Up to the present nothing lias been done to warrant tlie somewhat' exaggerated estimate of Mr. Rhodes and his- friends. Very few' of the newcomere hnve been able to find employ ment, and tho prospectors who arc now out rill over the country have discovered no gold mines of aj\y great value. Indeed, the terms asked by the Chartered Company,- a royalty of 50 per cent., would prevent any except the very richest mines from .paying their expenses. Of the old mines, few of the com panies which commenced work before the rebellion hnve ns yet resumed operations, and the few that are 'working are doing so in the most perfunctory manner, with smaller staffs at reduced wages. Miners are accepting these low offers simply to kill time until next year, when they hope that thc country will brace up again. At tlie present moment the prospects of Rhodesia are by no means bright. A miner named Sola, who has just re turned from Kloudike, has given nn account of the ordinary prices of food in Alaska during the summer season; from which it -appears that gold would need to be,' very plentiful to, enable people living in that region to pay their bills. But in addition to paying the high prices ri miner litis to drag his load of prpvondor over the most awful country that tho eyes of man ever looked on. Mr. Sola says that there isn't a penny worth of difference between the North Role and Alaska. "If you were to offer 111c half a million dollars now I wouldn't start as a prospector over again, rind go through the cold, the hunger, tlie wet and the honrt breaking toil of those years. If a man ar rives at Dawson City with a year's sjtpplics he will naturally wait until the.cplil \vea- thor freezes the river and, he can take his provisions on a sledge with dogs,' if lie can buy the dogs. . He locates a claim at last. He lias to build a log cabin, by no means easy work in the wintor time. He then makes up a big fire, which is left to .burn on the bank, the snow having first been cleared away from the ground. The fire burns all night, and tho iiext morning the miner starts to dig the thawed earth. - Then lie must put oil another fire and agajn dig, keeping this up until ho strikes bed rock, 20 feet down, and perhnps there, is no gold there in paying quantity. He must build another fire, and stn'rt another bqlo some where else. He will . be disgusted after several of these holes are made, apd will have to clear out and start another claim." Now, that may go on time after time, 'until thc imui's heart is broken and his patience is exhausted. Now that is wluit happens in the great majority of cases. A > pretty prospect, isn't it' ?" In the report of the Egypt Exploration Fund, which lias just been issued, Mr. Grenfell tells the story of the discovery of the papyri containing '"New Sayings of Christ," at Oxyrhyncua, on. the Nile. He says that "Mr. Hunt in sorting the .papyri noticed on ri crumpled piece of papyrus, written on both sides in uneinl characters, a Greek word signifying mote, which at once suggested to him the verse in the Gospels about' the mote and the beam. A further 'examination showed that the passage 011 the papyrus really wns the conclusion of the verse in question, hut that the rest of the writing differed considerably from' the Gos pels, and was, in fact, a leaf out of a book containing a collection of Christ's 'sayings, some of which were new. Thiji and another papyrus were written not later than tlie third century A.D., and they are therefore a century older than thd oldest manuscripts of the Now Testament. It is riot impro bable tlmt they were the remains of a li brary belonging to some Christian who perished in the persecution durjng -Diocle tian's reign, and whoso hooks were then thrown away. . A proposal lias been made by Mr. Frede ric Ilurrisou tlmt the coming millenary of King. Alfred should be commemorated by the Anglo-Saxon race, and thtif it should be celebrated by the. present Qtiecri, who was the forty-ninth in succession since his death. Mr. Harrison regards Alfred us the model Englishman, the national here, and said recently that of all the naines in his tory there was only ope, English Alfred, wlicse record was without a stain apd with out weakness— wlio was equally among tlie greatest qf men in genius, 'in magnanimity, in valor, in' moral purity, in intellectual force,. in practical wisdom and in hoauty of Hcpl- In the history of riindern'.Europn there wasSiothiiig that could compare in duration aud .in continuity, with the un-. broken evolution of oiir English nation, and there wns now no dynasty iu Europe that qopld be .- named in the spute hroath as that iyhipli. had seen a succession of' forty-pine scvereigna since Alfred. Mr. Harrison sug gested that Alfred shquld be canonised, for, in tbo words of Frcemap, "when tlie Scan-, dinavian invasion threatened thc utter overthrew of 'England, and especially of English Christianity, he saved lijs own kingdom from the general wreck and mado it tlia centre for. the deliverance, aud union of the whole country.". The proposed cele bration would i«ke place in 1001, apd Mr. Harrison, suggested that it should take the form of erecting 4 "Campq Santo," whore in ages to come the noblest sons of England might bo laid "to tho noiso of thc mourning of a mighty nation." Such a building wns necessary, for the present Westminster Abbey wns crowded to excess. The latest news from Klondike is that not one of thc persons who started from Britisli Columbia for the gold fields, via tlie mouth of tho Yukon River, after the middle July has reached .his destination. Sonic of the travellers have been lucky enough to get back again, but the majority will have to winter on the ico on the Lower Yukon. The difficultiesof transit will not be of very long duration, for tho Canadian Government has surveyed the route of the railway, -which is to pass solely through British terri tory into the Yukon country, via "the Stickinc River, -to Lake 1'chu, from which point there is uninterrupted navigation /throughout the summer to Klondike. The work of construction is to be commenced next spring. Mr. William Ogilvie, of the Dominion Land Survey, who has jyst returned to Mon treal from the Klondike, is said to he the one trustworthy authority on the Yiikon country, as lie has been exploring there for more than a. dozen years, while delimiting the frontier between British Columbia and Alaska for the Dominion Government. Ho states that 200 claims on the Bonanza Creek yielded half a million sterling this year, and that they will probably produce 12,000,000 or 10,000,000 before they are exhausted. He thinks that when the placers are exhausted there will be permanent quartz mining. Ho had been shown some very rich specimens, and' had assayed several samples, which averaged 50 oz. to the ton. When he left Dawson City there was enough food to maintain the population, which at that time was 4000, throughout the winter. If this number had largely increased without a cor responding arrival of provisions, there would-be great privation, and possibly star vation, during the present winter, as it would be impossible to get in further sup plies. "The idea of trying to get relief by dog train is quite out of the question." re marked Mr. Ogilvie, "for it is utterly impos sible for dog trains to carry, on such a long -trip, more than sufficient to feed themselves. In fnct, on a long journey a man generally takes' two dog trains, calculating that a- good many of his dogs will give out on the .trip, as the animals have to be pushed ahead ' as rapidly as possible, and that there will be probably only, chough of the stronger dogs left to get to the journey's end." There was much disease at Dawson city,- and he instanced the ease of two Swedes who had made £12,000 at the mines, but were taken ill with typhoid and died there. All the mines are on Canadian territory, even those at Millis and Glacier Creeks, formerly believed to he in Alaska. 