IS THIS A MIRACLE ? . AN M.PV. VIEWS ON THE SUBJECT. WHAT, MB. LABOR-LEADER M'QOWAN ._-\ r. KNOWS. ' From, the Australian Workman. Hr, J. S. T. M'Qowan, leader of the Labor party In the N.S.W. Assembly, was teen by our reporter In connection with tho remarkable oise of Mr. Thomas Jarvie whioh was given some «eeks ago in thia paper and which is given below. Mr.M'Qowan mya he ha» known Jarvie from iofanoy. He aleo knew that he bad to give np hin work at Glebe Island ' abattoir* twelve month* ago. owing to a malady whioh ho developed. He afterwards hoard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there waa HUlii chance of hie recovery. He understood Jarvis WBB refused admirion to the Sydney Hospital, aa hi« caro had boen ptonoanoed incarabin. Mr. M'Qowan was, th-reforo, like everyone else who ene* the facts, astounded nb tho ooruplote recovery of.Jarvis. ? THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representativo made bin way to the bumble home nf Mr, Thomas JarviB, 45 Crown-lano, Ultimo. Ho was d scovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and his lace declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was np and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of ta oritioal Hine s, and period of pain, it was very olear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to oonvnlefoenoe. In reply to tbe preliminary questions, he said : " You want to know all about my casa 1 Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you, The facta may bo of value to thone who are strioken aa I was." -; .' How long wore you rullering I" \- '. Well, twelve months ago I ¡rot BO bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas, I met wltb an aooldenl ; I was badly roalded white taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney, Slnoo the acoident I hnvo been in falling health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up'my billet ut the Gleba Inland." ' What wara the. symptoms ? " "Simply indescribable. The pains were some- thing terrible. They were just about as mnob as I could biter They were for nil the world like as if a suw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuls»noe to myself and everyone else. I waa Incessantly shaking and »hlverlng, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 33rd March lost I saw a wcll-knnwn dottor and he told me that.my oase wai ntteily hopeless. Hows var he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable lualitutions." " Did ym make nae nf tho order!'' ,. "No ; I carno homo and wont to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since Five weeks ago 11 ould not walk neron the door ; in face, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that lt waa all over with me, and only a question of du) s when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he oould, by opinm and morphia pill*, lo ease the agony I was in. 'I,wai under him for five or six weeks. He carno to the conclusion that I waa suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Pro- gressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal oord, characterised by peculiar dlaturbrino'.sof gait, and diffloulty In co- ordinating voluntary movements Hu told me that I might lost for ten yours, and that I might never get tho UBO of my legs. (Just then tba patient kioked hts legs about with energy to show that medical opinion ia not infallible.) Well, just aa a drowning mun will grasp nt a'straw, I grasped at an idtta oonveyed by tho advertisement describing the.oure effected in the casa of another boiler-maker ia England,'-whioh I read in the "Australian Workman," by Dr. WilltumB' Pink Filia for Pule People., I read in the advertisement iif a case whioh seemed to fit my own. 1 determined to give tho Pink Pills n trial anyway, and sent-for a b x. The effect w.is aa marvellous BS lt waa mugiunl. I wan »bin to eat und els'ip as though nothing wes the mutter with mu. It was thu first appetite and res'- I bad for many a day. It WOB incredible. I immediately loft the bed and was ahlo to move abont. I ha vu taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I oin walk about with the aid of a stick, and awi giadually, but surely, rtooverlng my former vigor »nd vitality. Yon eeo those orutohea there I They are pi rteotly new, and I have never used them. They were made for mo before I got tito Pink Pille, but I wa* too weak to use them, and now I doa|t want thom' All I want is thia fltlok, andi hope soon tn do without it. Yon eeo I am rapidly regaining oy strength." "He ia 100 per ont. better," snid Mrs. Jarvie, who had oom« tn and taken thu baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man ot bim.". A friend whooalled in at thin point,'said that Jarvis looked ton year' younger that day than he aid a fortnight prevlou'ly, ''I can now, continued Jarvie, "Have a oo'd bath' and all the feeling h ni orno back in my legs If I keep on going the way I nm, I hope to bo able to resume work OH ti boiler-maker, aod y.iu ktiow I have to bo in trie vi ry pink of health and etrongth to work at thut trade, I nm better to-ilay than I have been at any timo during the past five yonra. I ascribe all tba obongo and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have BB veil my lifo. I am io no pain sow, Whatever, and feel like a now man. - On the tuantelpieoe there is a box of opium-and morphia pills which tbs doctor gave me to'deaden the exoruotating palo. But they can etay where they are, for I no longer need them, hverybody who knows me has been amazed at the ohange in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Suoh ia this remarkable history, and it confirms' what is said ID all the ohlef newspapers of thia onnntry of tbs astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pille for Pals People. They oars locomotor ataxy, partial paralysie, and epinal disease, also th« many disornnra which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, suoh as anssmla, pale and sallow, complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, eto. 