[ALL RIGHTS nFl lRVlD.) 8, ROGER iIARCHAM'S WARD. BY ANNIE S. SWAN, ishlor of "Aldersyde,' "Brit r aad Pale, "Across her Path," ka. CHAPTER IV.-FRED'S REVENGE. "Your word is a charming young lady, Mr. tfarrham," raid Sirs. Tracy, in her seetest tones. "I am sure she must make a great difference in Unde:.-wd." "In what way, Mrs. Tracy" asked the Squire, in that quiet war of his. To see him standing unconcernedly sippling his tea and looking so in differeat one would not have imagined the subject was in the leant interesting to him. But the deep look in his eyes told a different tale as they turned to where Dorothy sat, the centre of an admiring grmp. with whom she was talking and laughing merrily, and looling lovely in her animation. "Oh. tome now. Mr. ifarcham." said Mrs. Trsoy oqgnettishly. "Do onu mean to cay a pretty woman makes no difference in a hence." "A woman of any kind nakes quite a difference " he noewerol, with a slightly amused smile. "My ward is a tory quiet young lady." "is sne? Lmck at'her now and hear her laugh." said Moe. Trace. nboding towards the group under the aoeia t'?e. "No doubt she finds Underwood a little dull, poor girl." "Has she sid so, Mrs Trauc I am very orry. idt not murprised. It is dulle for a young Sr l" taid Rorer Marcham, and his face clouded a little. "I have offered to ret a companion for her, but the will not hear of it.' "She will be all rirht now Dir. Wellelder has come," she raid, eignifiantly. " I saw the diffe. rance at once today when hen he as at her side. Is the marriage to be soon? I have heard so." "I don't know if it is to take place at all. I have not been told.' said Roger 3ararhem. coldly. "I am ftrmd Dame Rumour has taken time too rudely bh the forelock." "Oh. how oddly yon speak. Is the date not really fxed? I am Nirprised. they seem so utterly devoted to etch other, and what an improvement she hot made in Fred. such a sad, idle boy he was, wasn't he. Mr. Marchaml Mits Vance is very proud of her work, Roamond says, and she hie mo-on to he." "Io'othy has made a friend of your daughter, then. Mrs. Trace?' "Oh. yes; they are inseparable. and Rosamond dear girl, cannot have tne ncrret from me, and I am glad of it. But I hope I am not telling tales ant of school. Mr. MLarcham." aid Mrs. Tracy, with a little affected smile. "G:rls always have their little secrets about their Inverr, you know." "i soppoe so." said RPcer Marchaim. absently. It was as if a tloud had fallen acros, the cheerful sunshine of that summer day. Yet why should he are? He had long since told himself that he was old and grey. and that he could only expect to he set aside, while others tasted the sweets of life' young prime. "What a tranrer ron have been at the Vicarage of late. Mr. Muarcha," said frs. Tracy. presently. "Have I: I am a busy man, and if my ward cmse and gees, roun know you are not forgotten at Underwood." he answered. "Old friends are the deare.t, as Roamond said the other day, when we spoke of your never coming. She mise. syou from the Vicarage, Mr. ofarcham." "It is verr kind of you to say so It is pleanant to he missed."he answered: but his tone was neither eager nor interested. He was too honest and straightforward to understand the womun's hints, and too gencrons to suspect her of any plotting. ".th, there is Fred! See how he makes for the acadia tree,' Isughed .Mr. Tracy. "It will be a go marriage for your ward. Mi. Marcdom. You enot had a lon?r term of ofice a guardian. Will they live at Underwood afterwards?' Roger Mareham hit his lip. He was tried to the limits of his endurance. "I really cannot speak dernitely about matters which have never been pre.ented to my mind. hie. Tracy." he mid, courtsen'ly hut coldly. 'It is six o'diek. Would you think it very ungracious of me to leave new ? "Leave! Tao have only come, but I see some of them moving. Mr. Marcham, could I trouble you to go throtgh the slernberr and find Rosamondl I manw her go there a little while ago. She must sFa good-bye to the .Maurice'. Oh. thanks so much.' she added, as he turned readily to grant her asauest. Rogr Mfareham was not sorry to turn his hack on t'e gay party and be alone even for a moment. He felt amand at. and impatient with. himself for being on cast dowa br the woman's talk. He knew it to be unfounded go~sip, or at the beft the merest supposition, and vet the possibility that it might contain a germ of truth made it intolerable to him. Poor Roger Mharcham! the maiden from over the sea had indeed made havoc of his peace of mind. He met Rosamnond Tracy at the gate lead ing into the paddock, and she looked surprised to see him. "Mrs. Tracy has sent me to find your Mids Rosamond," he said, cheerfully. trying to throw off the depression which weighed tpon his spirite. "I think rome of the guests are leaving." "Oh. are they! I -nder what you will think of me. Mr. Marcham. if I ma I am vsrr glad? This has been nch an inoafferably stupid afternoon, and I am gld it is over." Roger Mareham smiled, but did not contradict her. PrIesmabtd he had found it so himself. They turned and walked together hack to the lawn. othy Vance aw them the moment they came through the shrnth-ry, and her eves dmrooped. She had mised her oaardian, and wondcered why he had held aloof from her r, persistently all the afternoon. "Mrs. Tracy has kindly excuned me, Dorothy, and I am mRgoing off," hesaid, when he came in her mide. "You and Fred need not hurry; there will he a full moon to guide yon ack." "'Oh. hall I not go now?" aid Dorothy, al. mo?t eagerly, rising to her feet. "No. no, my dear, star and enjoy yourself wits the others,. There is to he a dance hn-and-bye, and you know I would be of no nee then." tiid RSoer Marelam, kindly, but as he would hare spoken to a child " Very well" she answered. quietly, and turned her bed aeway. She was hurt by his words, and fnameo he was glad to get rid of her for a time. It was a cnrious thing how these two mieunder stuc'! tne other continually, how their over-senaei riresne magnified trifles, and their pride made barriers it reserve between them. Ther was a pleasant daner for the yonngpeople nm rse lawn. in the sweet summer dusk, but the c'lerm s the day was gone for Dorothy Vance, and she ayn glad when they began to drop away on ty o .e. and she could sar to Fred they had bhtter to olme. Fred was more than ready, the iap.cs of th, walk through the pleasant field Init wioh Dorothy as his companion wo very riht. and he inwardly blessed his uncle for hoving the good sense to leave them to them. "He'll ask her to-night," sid Rosamand Traey to herself, very bitterly, as she stood at the drawing. room window. and watched the pair cross the little park. "I can't understand what there is about that little country girl to captivate both uncle and nephe. I wonder which shell hare." "Rather a nice affair, eh! Dorothy," said Fred to his :mRnion. -"What, she asked with a start, for her thoughts wer not withl her companion. "The party? oh, re'. rery none. '"I don't lieve yrm enjoyed it a bit. Don't he in such a hurry. Let's go slow. It's not often I have a chance to nwalk or talk with you," said FresL. in rather a reprochful voice. "It is getting dark, and see how wet the grass is. Mr. 3farrham always warns me aguinet the dews," she anmwesed, without slachkening her pace. " Oh, of course, nyithing for him," said Fred, rhewinr the top of his stick. tether anhrily. " y, Dorothy, haren't I been working like a hatter "Like a what' "Oh, well, I be your pardon; like n plley lste, then. Nine Ides.ot hours every day I Fit on that rtol, and an macommon hard stool it is, I ran tell I am glad to hear it, but it is only your duty, Frd." "Oh, well, that's pooe enough encouragement for a fellow who finds duty on uncommon bore," maid FredmL "I don't suppose you had the ghost of an idea what an effort it is for a fellow to be as conoientions as I have been all spring and "Buot are you not the happier!?" asked the girl, and she lifted her sweet, earnest eyes to his face for a moment That look made Fred's heart beat and his pulses tingle; he really cared for her, and had honcotly endeavoured to do well foe her sake. "Oh, well, I suppoe I am. If I thoughlt you araed or were glad. hrreue' I was really grindings I'd Ie happier though," he said. eagerly. "So I do care. Itavont I always rcolded you sinre I came to Underwood!*" the achked, and her laugh rang out sweet and clear in the still night air. "Of coarse it is delightful to think one's efforts are bearing fruit, and your uncle is vera happy over it, Fred." "Is he! I don't care a fg for that. The gur,. andl I never got on well, Dorothy; he's to uno common turd on a fellow. iorothr olid notlinlo. iut her lips shut together in a clo-er disip!viend manner, and her eyes hibhed a little with indionation. Fred, however, not elberving thee ominous sign', went on. " You so., hI? always hbeen such a proper model man all his day, hIe has no sympathy for a follow who lik-. s little fun. Ie thinks a fellow should hare Methual,'l.'s htad on his shoulders without hi. 'erat. 'an hanour he doei. ile's just a trifle atiqiiootd, the gur., though he thinks no end of Lim-ll." 'Iv ha' hen the kindtest of friends to you, and I will rot lishn when you ?Peak so," said Dorothr. in a low voice. "te will change the suljejrt. if rou plebe.' "Wi! vlo 'd st:ek up for me as you stick up for the nrc.. suid Fred, ruefulvu. 'I'll tell you what it is. Dr.'uthy, I wich you'd never come to onderrrood." "Oh, "jr't h'ance rou tit on a fellow to fright. ifllly, when he's dtiny his eot to please ou. What do you oio' I went up to that old o~ce to gr:nd for if n.t to please your' "Well, I am plsu4ed,. but I wi;h sou would work for )'your unle't sake, and for the ake of wrlhng. bronse it will make you more like him," nouthy-noecered candidly. Rise had aot the tliih.t idr hsot Fred wao timing at, or she coetlol not hove spoen aus she did. "What an awful lot you think of the guy" said e. o trafle ri ourod. "o , rok here. mootior. do A Mlotor Derby is to be held In London tIn the coming Mlsy; £000 in prihes is to be offered in competition, and a special prize to the first mechanically propelled vehicle that accomplishes a mile a minute. man to have me or not? I like you such a lly lot, I cn'1 do without youn." "HIre lot" Ti?e girl repeated the two wardl in a slow, bewilde?ed f:sion, and intolontarily netod !till, and looked straight into her companien'e face. They were within the Underwood grmunds, :.nd had realhed a quai.t., little runtio bridge, which spanned the tro~u stream behind the hleoe. The moon had risen-a glorious moon at its full-and the light was almost as clear as that of the day. The girl's graceful figure in white, with its rich orimson wrnpa, stood out well against the shadow of the trees; her fate somewhat pale, an if she were tired, was lighted by the radiance of the moon. Looking on that sweet face. Fred Wellesvley thooght it the loveliest and dearest in th world. lie was in earnest. Dorothy Vance had really touchedl his heart, and avakened in him name longingi after a nobler, manlier life. "I mean w... I say, Dorothy: I love yon; will you be me wife?" he repeated, this time yet more sarnestlr. "Your wife? Oh, Fred, how can yon think of Fsch a thing?" she said hurriedly, ami her colour reo in a fitful wave. 'Don't speak olant it. It could never be." "But I will speak about it. I'm in jolly earneet. I thought about it. I believe, the very night you cme to Underwood. You are so ditFerent from other girls, a fellow couldn't hsIp mring about vos. Do say yiorll have ine some time, Dorothy, andi Il work indeed-do anything to please you, indeed I will." As he spoke the girl's dlitress increaedn. lie was ro evidvrtly in ermce t, and her answer coultd only be an unalterable no. "Oh. Fred, don't say any more; let us go in. It mcan't he. "Not jest noe, of murse, nor for n lon time. I only want yco to say it'll 1be some day," lie pleaded Nageoly. rBut I can't esa it. I would never care enough for you to marry 'you. I muntd l plain; nothing else will satify you. T t ut go horne." A Icok of bitter chl-,in caine into the young jnn's face, and he struck the parapet of the bridge on angry blow with his s.?ge. lie was a hot-headed, impulsir e. hastilc-.poken yosth, not one who could accept a great disappointmestt philo eophivally or even calmly. And, in spite of Roso. mend Tracy's wolrd .e had made very suro e o his uncle's ward. "Yao ,don't knuw what vyl're doi k wh d rrfn'ing me. Donathy," he said in the haste of anger. "Vot have nothing. If Uncle Roger were to marry, asne doubt he will, what will hecome of you? You will nesd to go aid earn your own tiring." She drew her slight figure up, her face palol. her lips curled in scmrnful pride. "I heg your pardon. I was indlependent flefor I ever san your urele or lundern-srl," she said alarply. "I nced nst make my home here unls-c I choose. I cannot choose much longer if I'm to bhe treated as you have treated me." "I tell you I'm right." said Frel thrmwing prudence to tihe winds. "lIe told the Vis.r yout father left nothing; that you are dependent or htm." The girl's bosom heared, her face grew paler; until her very lips were white. "I don't Ieliere it. I shall askt him t-ielght,' ale said, with difficulty; she had received a cruel slow. "And if he marries Miss Tracy, as I hel;ev he will." continued Fred, recklessly, seeing thl( impression lie had made,. "what can yys del Come Dorotihy. let's he friends, I wosldl 1e se good to you, for I do care a Int for ymT ; and I didn't mean to hurt you, hut what I raid is true. yea know it is. Tou can ask him if you like, he couldn't deny it." But Dorothy did not hear the last words. ShE turned from him, and with bursting sob Iled ao thirough the park towanrs the house. And yet mould she go in? If what Fred said were trne, had she any corner in the world she could call his own! CHAPTER V.-A WOUNDED IIEART. Dorothy Vance had been very happy at Under wood. She had accepted the sunshine which had fall en across her path without giving the future a thought, or even troubling herelf albut the often times troublesome question of ways and means. In her Indian home she had been' accustomed to every comfort-her father, perhaps unwisely, had rever permitted a shadow of his own onre to rest ipon his only child; had never hinted 'aren that the day might come when she would ie obliged to think aut the question of mere livelihood for herself. lie had left her in absolute faith to his friend. Roger Mlarnham, but it was not thronugh Roger Mlarcham the trouble was to come on the child. She was a child in some things, though in others a proud, sensitive. high-souled woman. She was a child certainly in her knowledge of the world, evidenced by ter entire belief in what was nttred Fred Wellesley in a moment of passion. She was so absolutely truthful herself in word, set, and thoiught that the idea of wilful untruth fulness in others did not readily present itself to her mindl. As she sped on towards the house that night one thought was uppermost in her mintd, that she was a burden to her guardian, a burden eo keenly felt that he had complained of it to others. It was a cruel thought. Her cheeks tingled, her area filled with bitter, rebellious tears; it was eo hord to think that she had remained so long te.ia'i ing on an unwilling kindness, only be. cause slt was in ignoranc of the real state of the rase. It was not kind she said to herself, that Roger 3farelam should have extended a lhll. hearted welcome, should have allowed her to humliato herself nas she had done, necepting his charity as if it were her abolnte right. If she had ever given the matter a thought, she had fancied that her father had leit ample means, that her rrsid'nsn at Underwood was simply a matter of duty and inclination. She had been left Roger Mareh:mn' nard, and had supposed it the right thing to reside under her guardian's roof. In the fist misery and humiliation of her pain, Dorothy lance was rot just to Roger Marcsham. It was a etrious thingi how swift she was to forget all his goodness, his unnumbered aets of courtesy andi aonerons con deration; or, if they were to he re alembered. they were so distorted at to appear like injuries whichi stabhxd her to the heart. Every wordn or act which by any po;sibility could Io construed into proof of Fred's aeertion rose up before the girl's tortured imagination w-ith pain ful ciridaeis. Before she had reacled the house she lhad convinced ierself that she was an in trudrse, endtrtil rather than welcomed under her aardiaa's rooi. ler sensiitive soul writhel under the sting of the obligation lwhich seemeid to weigh ,lir s-irn. For nine months she had eaten the bread of charity as if it had been her own by right. Poor Dorothy Vance Ie It ,vss a if every bright memor', erery happy and beautiful thing in life, had di.appnrd for er?r, leaving only the dark shadowns of despair on her heart. The hall dooeer stood wide open, that hospitable door she had lovid :and looked upon rae the entrance to lher homn. She s?id through it with hurried footsteps, hke a hunted thing who had no rigtht there. The library door wan a little ajar, and at the side of the velvet curtains which hung outside of it a gleam of yellow light indicated that the toster was within. As she sped past it she heard him stirring in the room. andl presently a footfall cross the floor. She had reaelrd the drawing-room landinrg. ihoweer. before the curtain was swaved aside anld Roger Mlareham looked out into theo hall. She did not knorw whlat made hler paunc and look over thie alustrade; perhaps the thoiurht occurred to iher tlhat lshe might niot look upon his fale apgin for long. She admitted to herself with a pSng of ,elf--'rn, oas her eyes dwelt for a moment oni the gaVe, omeswhat rnreworn features, that it was the face shie loved best on earth. Sihe did not knoi witlh what mainner of love Ir heart wans filhld; iwhetlter shte regarded lroger lreham withll tlhe feelings a wanrd might entertain for murdiani,, who was stpposed to fill the phlce of a father, btit the love was there, and It made the sting of hter humiliation and pain a thousand times lanoer to ear. As Ishe stood, Fred Wellealer came lhastily into the hall. "All lcne, Fredl Where's Dorothyl" eshe hearl Roger Maelham say, but the eagerness with whirhl he asked thle oquestion was quite lost spot her. "We fell out on thle wao. and she ran off and left me, Frd answeieml, et?rlt. "on ouolght not to lave allowed tlat. Woere yeu withlin the grusnlmts vi-sn Ishe left coilt" "Oh, yes, just at the biridge. She mn't be many minutes upstaire," Fred aswerm l with a short laugh, as hlie hlng his hlat on the rack. lrouthy withiid to hltar no more, but hreriled on to her own roomn. andl lonoked the tdoor from witlhin. " What ldid you fall out bofut to-niglhtl" asked Roger Marchlam, as his niephew followed him into the library. "I thought you were the best of friend."' "Oh, so we are; but we have our tiffs. She's so jolly hard on a fellow," said Fred, withl unbluslh. ing molntes. "IHow dlid you lik the affair to-dayT not badly manacdl at oil. wans it? Mrs. Trary is reallr a eleverr woian. She can make a good deal out of nothing." "She is certainly a suces-iful entertainer," returned Roger MI:lrhamlo, ah-i.ntly; and then onversation ltaggel tw.eI n th.m. An hour pased, and there ws no .in of Iomrthyl's appiar ance downstairs. At hnlf-p.a-t nine thie rslper trany was brouglht into the lilirary as siual. Thei inmatos of 'ideruood livtid qufietlv, ntl sniltout ostentation, their Ini:io were very simple, and did not entail muonIh hlaisr oni thle ser\ats. "Go ulpstairs, Martha, and 're wss thellr Mifls Vance will come doin," thie ma ter said to the girl who entered the room. "Yes, sir," .lse answerdl, and ran iputairs at once, but her knock at lims Vanice's door broughti no response. "Whats the matter; what are you knockii there for?" asked thie houi-ekepsr, wilo halpen to come downotairs at the moinint. "Iti's for Mi's· Vance. ouiypr't in, and the Squire's been s'kici for htir, Mri. Manple." "Oh,, well, run ldown, nod 111 ree. I daresay Miss Vance is tired withll the lono ahernsoos," said the housekeeper, as she tapped sith hlier owno hand at thie young lady's door. "The suppers in, Miss Dorothy, and the gentle men are waiting. Ar, yoa not nwell, my dearl" she asked, when she received no reply. After a moment she lharl a movement in the room, and the door was ilsutoeks-d. "I was lIring down. afaple," Dorothy answered, in a low voice, and holdiing the door only a little ajar. "Say to Mr. Malrcham I have a bad head ache, and 'will not mome down to-night." "I am sorry to hear ithat, ldeary. Let me get you a cup of tea," ,aid Maple, kindly, for the young lady quite rivalledl thie Squire in her affec. tions nowe. "Oh, 'no, thank youl; I coulnh't drink it-in deed I couldn't. Tihank you quIite thie name." " WeiII ai, me m cuioral batte yoir hind, Mist Dorilmt. I ean't hiier to Is-ane aou i ad the mantir wouldnr't like it." laroness thirsch has promised £S0,000 to found a pensino fsnd for offcials of the Oriental railways, The benefits are to abe reaped exclnsively Iy oflicials who have been in the eervie beforo lS90J, when thIe late Baron Hirsch ceased to be connected withl thee nrilways, "Oh he wouldn't mind," she answered, quickly. " Just leave me, dear Maple. I am going to lie down agai ; I'll be all right in the morning." "WVll, if you mlost have it, miss, I suppose I must go. Gooadnight, deary: try and get a good seIep," oaid Molple, kindly, as she renct'lnly wentL away, little dream. ing that she had he.ir and reen the last of the Squire's ward for many a day. (To be conltibel.) 