A MIRAGLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED 1BY A SCORE OF 1-EOPLE AND VOUCHED FOR BY A PRO MIINENT MEMBER OF PAR LIAMENT. LOCOMOTO I ATAXIA LONG CONSIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the " Aunsralian Workman.") On Thursday afternoon, our represen tative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nur sing a two- year-all baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knoek at the dcor. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions he said: " You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. The facts may be of valune to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were yon suffering ?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Syd ney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I Sa, f orc? .torgivenupnmy:billtiimifrt' t Glebe Island.. " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for nall the world like as if a saw were cutting my banes in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nousiance to myself and everyone else I was incessantly shivering and shaking, andcould neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd of March last I saw a well known doctor and be told me that my case was utterlyhopeless. However hegave me an order to the Director of Charitable In stitutions." "Did you make use of the order?" " No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed over since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with rue, and only a qnes lion of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. Ile came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a dis ease of the spinal cord, char acterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difli culty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told ma that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea.conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the " Australian Work man," by Dr. Williams' Piuk Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertise ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, aind ant now taking ilthe fifth lox. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually,4but surely, recover ng my former vigour and vitality You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soca to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "'He is 100 per cent better," said mrs. Jarvie, who had come in and taken the baby oa her knees. '! The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who-called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years -ounger that day than. he did .a fort night previously. "I can now," - continued Jarvis, " have a co'd bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resum3 work as a boiler-maker, and you keow I have to be-in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am batter to-lay than I have been at any time during the past five years. I asc:ib3 all the change and benefit to these Pink PA11s. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now,.whatever,, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a b x of opium and mirphia pills which the doc tor gave me to deaden the excruciaticg pain. But they can stay where they are, far I nolotger need them. Every body who knows me has been amazed at the charge in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has oaused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remaskatle history, and it confirms what is said it all the chief newspapers of this country of the as tonishing cures- wrought by Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills for' Pala People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial para lysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impover ished state of the blood, such as snaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection tith the remarkable case of Thomas Tarvis. Mr, McGowen says he 'has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months, ago, owing to the malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chnoce of his recovery. HIe nderstood Jarvis was refused ad mission to the Sydney. Hospital, as his case had been pronounced -incurab!e. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore like every one else wlmh knew the facts, astounded at-the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are ob tainable from all leading chemists, - or froes the Dr. Williams' Medicine Coy., Queen's Place, Sydrey, who will fir waid (post paid) on receipt of stamps 0or? p stor decl box-.:for- 2 : J or-.or d1oze fdr 14s 3d. 