A HOUSELESS FAMILY. FATHER,- MOTHER, AND BABY. AT.T, HTOTTT TNT THE STORM. A gentleman who, with his wife and six months-old baby, was driven out into the tempestuous night on the occasion of the recent cyclone at Port Darwin, gives the fol lowing realistic account of his experiences in a letter dated January 16, which came to his friends in Adelaide on Tuesday:— "We went to bed on Wednesday, January 6, at about 11 o'clock, and a storm commenced shortly after. At first I paid no -attention to it, but the wind became stronger and stronger, shaking away at the house till it rocked and creaked dreadfully, and eventually I noticed that part of the roof had begun to give way, so we took baby and went to the photographic darkroom, which hasan iron ceiling. Istretched the mattress on the floor, and made my wife lie down with the baby. The din was. fearful —iron flogging iron,- with a sound like that of a heavy train passing over our heads—and a rafter now and then crashing down to show how real the danger was. At about 4 a.m. I noticed the dark-room roof was about to fly away, so we removed into the passage between -that apartment and the bedroom, where we stopped a tittle while, "but very soon some of the iron of that roof began to lift. " The kitohen came down with a terrific rattle, and as the whole building was cracking I thought it better to leave the house and try and make for the hayshed, which I thought was a sufficiently strong building to with stand the terrible storm. All this time heavy rain was falling, hut luckily no thunder or lightning. We got out of the passage into the open, but as we did so the lantern wo had blew out, and ' we were in total darkness. There was nothing else to do I but to hurry along through the blinding rain and to endeavor to keep on the road till we reached the hayshed. We struggled hard to get to sheltorj but it was impossible to find the place. I could not see .-in inch in front of me, and naturally we could only travel with the wind. No moi tal could have gone in the other direction, so wo had to' bow to the force of circumstances and the stress of the hurricane. My wife holding the baby, which had been hurriedly wrapped in an oilcloth snatched up from an adjacent table as we rushed from the house, and I holding her, we stumbled and fell over stumps or wore constantly blown by the wind until at last we were compelled reluc tantly to abandon our quest. It was abso lutely impossible to stand up _ against the storm, and so wo sank down in the most sheltered spot that we could find in the thick blackness. " I never expected to get thrpugh the night alive, and baby I felt certain would he dead be foro the light came. Luckily the danger from flying sheets of iron and severed branches of trees had considerably diminished when we went into the open. The rain was so heavy that it stung like steel, and cut up the leaves on the road into infinitesimal pieces. The sides of the trees facing the wind were showing white as ghosts when the dawn came, the bark being entirely stripped off, while scarcely a leaf was left on any of the trees or shrubs, large trees being uprooted and tossed aside as though they were of the variety which one sees in Noah's arks. I " port Darwin, as we came to it, toiling | through the flooded lands, presented a most: gruesome sight, There was hardly a j house to be seen which had not at the very least lo3t its rooi. _ . daylight the storm was slightly les3 violeut and we left our improvised camp and made for the nearest shelter, a niile and a half distant. At some parts of the road the water earns up to my waist. My wife was walking barefoot all the way over a stony road carrying the baby close iigrsinst. her breast. It was hard on my feet. "Wh'cit m.ust it have been to hers? We kept the baby pretty dry, although none of us had much apparel, for there was no time to dress after the first shock' of the storm awoke us and made us wanderers. Portunately, notwithstanding the exposure, the anxiety, and the unwonted exertion, none of us are now much the worse, and we are busy getting bur home in order again." 