LOCAL ANB GENERAL ITEMS. Tnc Eably Blossomikg of Pbacu Tbbbs. — In our Singleton lettor to-d»y our represents tire makes allusion to the fact that the extraordianry mildnevB of the present wintor season ens causnd the peach trees in hisldietrict to blossom very early —earlier than be bad over knoirn them before, and be doubts if evor peach trees bloesotaed oa early anywhere in the colony. If our representative bad been in Maitland three weeks or a month ago he would havii seen tho same remarkable occurrence sb he writes of. It was very common to see peach trees in blossom then. ' The season altogether has been more like spring than winter. A Singular Governmental Act.— Governments have a peculiar knack (says a correspondent) of wilful waste of money. The present growl is over the dispatch to the numerous Sohoola of Arts of the Jubilee numbers of the Sydney Hail and Town and Oounlry Journal, which arrived a fortnight after publication with ' On Her Majesty's Service' in legible type. It can safely be (aid most of aueli institutions' are eabscribpra to these journals, Surely some more profitable way of spending the public funds could have bnen adopted than present ing such stale goods to every institution in tho colony which had previously supplied itself with i-uch weekly literature. If our idiot asylums are all full there is an actual necessity for immediate en largement of the premises in order to oecomniodato Bomo' deserving csbQb who are amenaoe to the wel fare of the credit balance at the Treasury, A. pub lic crushing buttery might havo been erected on some' reefing field with the money bo wasted. 'Frank Thohnton's Combdt Company. — Mr. Frank Thornton, ono of tho funniest and most' legitimate comedians seen on tbo Australian stage for Borne time paBt, will, with his company of Eng lish oomedinuB, all of whom are now to local play gperp, play one night nt the Town Hall on Monday, 12th. Mr. Thornton will produce 'The Strange Adventures of Miss Brown,' the suooosBfnl farcical comedy which amusement goers have bsen awaiting eagerly for Bomo time past. It will be rametnbored that this successful enmedy enjoyed phenome nally BUoeoBsful runs ia Melbourne and Sydney,' being euflloiuntly attractive to fill, the Mel bourne Bijou Theatre for the whole of Mr. Thorn ton's season in that city, and it literally paoked tho Criterion Theatre in Sydney to overflowing every night of it» run there, proving itself the best paying play known in Australia for many years past. Mr. Thornton is yory strongly supported ' by a com pany of English aomedUna. Mnitland popple know n fViinor fir fcwn nnnnnrnlnnr mnf.tini*n f.hnfif^rinnl. ami their laudable, practioo of always supporting flrsfc oIubb companies is well known, bo there is no doubt th.it a packed houBe will welcome the clever come dian. ?'JThb Pomob Band. — The leaders of the police band in Sydney are making an appeal ti members 6t the foroe for monetary assistance in' aid. of ? tho band's funds. When the band. was first aet'nblishod the support by tho West Maitland members of the force was mnst; liberal. '^Kidino Biotolbs without Lights,- -There have been several warnings of late in our columns of tho praotioe of riding bioycles at night without lights. The Inspector of Nuisances has taken action in tho ifa'attor, with the result that fire cyclists will figure lit the West Maitland Court to-morrow. Others are to follow. . ifFiTH Railway -Siding at Babt Maitiand. — It will bo rnmerabored that when tho Railway Com tnidBionors visited E -st Maitland some time ago, the matter of placing a weighbridge at the now loading siding nour the railway station was brought tinder their notice. The late Mr, Eddy pointed oat that tho bridge could not bo put in under tho present conditions, but stated that an endanvour h'tid been mnde to purchnso the land alongside, but that having failod anothor nctempt would bo made. For that purpoBO ho liskod the Mayor of East Mftit Idnd to o'htar into negotiations for tho purchase of th'e land. Tho tnattor was laid before tho owner, who has submitted a price, nnd tho purclmao will stbiply depend upon whether tho figure submitted ia'acoeptable. When an arrnngnraent is opme Jto there will bo overy prospect of tho land being early unpurml. and thn woiclibridira nnt in. IjEast MaitiiAnd Recoud Rxion Cohmittbb. — The final nieiiting of the committoo whioh organised' spJBUCceBefully the luto Record Roign celebration at Bast Maitland, was hold last ovening in the Coun cil' Chambers, when the Mayor (Mr. J. H. F. Wallor) occupied the ohnir. The accounts in connection Tf ith last Saturday's portion of tho coldbration wore pafised for payment. Tho treasurer pronontcd his bHianco-shoot, which showud that tho receipts were iSdfl lOfl did, nnd thn, oxpa.nditurovCfaps Id, loaving, n 'credit balnncu of X2 19a 3d. It was rcuolvod to hand, this bnlnnco ovor to tho Yen, Artihdencon' Tyrrell nnd Mr. S, Clift for deposit in rhe Suvings Bnnk us tho nuolous of » fund for tho establish ment of tv permanont mnmnrial of tho. Raoord Roign. Votoh of thnnks wero accorded tho lndion who had assisted, tho hon. seoratarioH (Messrs. S. J. Boiloy nnd J. Dobbio), the gontlomen who had tnkon an notivo part in tho movemont, and tho Mayor, who had hold thn position of chairman. Several of thnso replied to tho votns. Rboobb RniaN MnDAts. — Wo woro Bbown to day by Mr. A '. Hermes, wiifcohmiilcer and jowollor, of High- street, twenty tnotlaln, oightoen of Bilvor nnd two of gold,— whioh it is intended to present to tho winnnrs nt the postponed sports for tho ohiidron of Mnitlhnd and dietriot schools on the ocoaslon of tbeir bbing brought off. Tlio medals aro of very neat dosfgn, nnd may bo worn on tho wntoh-ohnin or on a ribbon. Tboy wiir.bo'dis tributod botwoon tho girls nnd boys, nnd will form, most vnlunblo memnntoos of tho .Tubiloo com mem'orations. On onn b((Io tho modnls nro in soribod ' Woet Maitl»n4 Rooord Roign, 1807,' and with thbnnmuof thoraan, a blank being loft for the winners' nnmn, Mr. Hormns will havo the medals ozhibitod in his shop window on Saturday next. Tub ENaiiiHir Woiucm bn'b Cohfbnsatioh Bibi. —Thn House of Commons has devoted (snys (;ho ArffUs'a London letter) four sittintra in committee to thoir' gront bill of tho year, tho Workman's Com ponsatlon for Aooidonta Bill. Tho monyuro brought up many demanda of fastidious mumberg, ono nmondtnont ovnn requiring thut not mnroly ncci dnntn but ill-health, resulting from the normal condition of tho trado, should bo a ground for de manding'Gotnpnmmtion. It is, in fact, a striking fcntnro of tho dieousalon in committno that no ntep has boon taken to nanow tho ucopo of tho reform. Without nny dittlnot ahnlltngn from any quaibor of tho Hnuso, na tho Standard points out, six to flovan millions of man am horo aftor to bo oompenmtad at tho ohurgo' of tho employer, It wan oven sought in ono qanrtor ni liiij ia.uuuu nuu uu umm iium biiu uuupo ut tho uiontiuro tliono nooidnnto whioh nro causad by' tho neRllgonoo of (ho workmon thomanlvoB. But tho Qovornmont would not havo thin.nud'in tho ond thoy brought up un nocoptublo olauxo in tho following tortnB :— ' If it iu proved that tho aool dont is solely attributable to tho norlnua slid wilful misconduct of the workman himnolf, nny a'om'ponan Won olnimod in rpnpeot of injury of mioh. workinnn shall bo dinnllowad.' OIhuiioii lmvo aluo boon passed under whioh the contn of tho arbitrator, und«r thio bill, nlmll bo pnid by (*\o Stnto i that olaima for coinpcnnation nhnll bo mndo within nix months, and in onno of death within twolvo month;. Tbort wan a thiirp 0ghd orar thu quoatlon of coutrnoting out. Thv G-nvarnmont ndhorod to fcholr olnuBO, previinting workmiih nnd omployors oontrnoting thoniHolToii out of tho bill, unlflifl tbo Registrar of D'riemlly Soolel.lea enrtifiod that tho floliomn of oompu'niiation to thfl workmun wan not) lean favournbln thnn tho provision!) ot thn bill. Brnployflrn lire to bo linblo for tho nitiount, of oomponsntlon payftblo undur tho aot, whora tho funds ondnr any nnhomo arranged outaldo tho aot aro Innnffiaiont, In thn handnnf Mr. Chamborlnin, who \n larpjoly ranponntbln for thin hill, tho oon Horvutivo party ni'o iw gnnoroua ia foodiug Ootbcrua ns tlio QladatonlntiH, Thb Wool Tkafwc. — The officials of tbe Rail way Department have completed tbe figures relat ing to the receipts of wool during the joar which ended on the 30th -ult, They show a total of 620,000 bales received at Darling Harbour, Mor peth, and Nowcastlo, tho first-named station, of course, receiving tho greater pottion of it. At that station the number of bales received was 480,000. The remainder was evenly distributed among the other two stations. ThiB tjtal bIiowa an increase of about 23,000 bales over tbe receipts of the pre vious year. It is, however, expected that owing to the drought the receipts of next year will be leas ; that, in fact, owing to the losaes of stock, thore will be a considerable shortage. j Policb Parade. — A parade of the members of: tbe police fores stationed nt Wedt Maitland took: place to-d&y; nt the Courthouse for the purpose of; inspecting arms. The parade was the firat in! which Sorgeaht Wirrell appeared under his now; title. Whist Contrbt. — An enjoyable evouing was] spent at tbe West Maitlaud School of Arts last evening, when a whiBt ' tournament between married and single members eventuated. The benedicts were beaten by two games. The scores: were i~H. Crothers and P. Clayo v. W. T. Lindsay nnd Hall, 7-11 ; Dr. Russell and W. H. OxlRy v. W. Ross and Stewart, 7-6; O. B. Wordon and Wat kins v. Baker nnd English, 3 3; E. P. Curr and H H. Cupper v, M. Robs and J. Scobie, 7-6. FaiuewjcIiIi Address to Mbb. Macqukkn. — Through the kind thoughtfulnets of Misses Elsie Hughes nnd Jennie Marshall, Mrs. Macqueen is not to be allowed to tako her departure from Maitland without being tendered nn expression of tho regret ? felt by her ox- pupilB at snob a step, and also of their; congratulations on her anticipated reunion with herj family and friends in England. Those and other: kindly sentiments are embodied in a neatly illumionted'addrsss, which is to be presented to Mrs. Macqueen to-morrow afternoon. The work has been artistically exeouted by Mr. Thoraiu Dim mook, of West Maitland, upon whoso establishment it reflects great; credit. The addresB iBas follows : — 'West Maitland, N.S.W., 1st Jnly, 1807. Dear Mrs. Macquoon, — Hearing of your intended depar ture for Europe, we ex- pupils cannot allow the opportunity to pass without expressing our regret lit losing you from amongst ui. Wo nre all deeply sensible of the great interdst you havo taken in our welfare while nt School, at the same timo we con gratulate you on your re-union with your family and friends at horns. Wishing you erery success and happiness, we nre, dear MrB. Mscqueen, yours very faithfully, Jennie Marshall, Eloie 'Hu«hes, Mary Mnyo, Berthn Skinner, Amy Carroll, Tossie Flynn, Mary En right, Maude Bardea, Bather Pae kins, Phoaba Paskins, M. J. Wilkinson, Florrio Di'm moolr, Msnd Mead, Harold Risby, Nattn FJaokett, Ned Cooper, Jennie Tipper, 'Ella Skinner, Cecil Hughes, Nessio Hay, (Sortie Ezzy. How LoNDOir IstPitEsaEs. — What (askB an Eng lish paper) is tbo moat impressive thing about London P Tbe collection of Jnbileo visitors offers a flno chance for the inquisitive journalist to tako iiplebisoito- on tho point. Tho questions put by oho writer to tho.Dyaoks of North Bornoo now .quarceroiacuneiBeBoarracKB Bnow inac rnu run ways, and particularly tho Underground, astonish them most. ' They could not beliovo it was ever made by men — going under in tbe dnrk, and rail ways going over them. It must: be ghosts who did it. Men couldn't.' Then there ii tho orderliness of tbo London' traffic Another ia tho wonderful way in. which thn London polioo manage tho crowds. They are astonished nt tho obedienco of the people. A policeman has only to hold up his hand and nil the'people must obey, they say. They think this wonderful. Oariounly enough this was'also one of tho things whioh Mr. Bhynrd, lecturing in Amerio'a, said had struck him moat about London. Almost tho extremes of ' civilisation' meet in admiring the London policemen. . Yebtdrday's Parmambntaby Proceedings.— - Ministors were catieohised ybstordny in the Ausora bly on various subjeotB, nnd OBpocinlly in their purposes. in connection with the betting praotioe. The answers were of the usual cautious character. Tho House refused to concur in Mr. Neild'a bill to extend the franchise to the military who reside -in houses nnd not in barracks, and was. counted out upon a farcical disoussion initiated by Dr. Robs, who wfabes to make oignrettc-smokipg by boya'a penal offenoo. , Aooidknt at a Sawmili,. — To-day an accident which might easily have proved fatal, happened at Pender'a sawmill in Elgin-street, to n lad named Gcorgo Branncombe. Ho was feeding a eirouiar saw, whon a piece of wood flew back and struck him with great foroe on the breastbone. Tho lad suf fered conBidorably,.noaoBBitating tho aorvioes of Dr. Liddoll. Had tbe wood hit Brnnecombo lower down or. oven higher^than^t^aotually., did (,he, result. muBt nt onco liavobOBn ssrioua. ' V ', OnDitR qv SAiiiB.r— The order of fat Btook Bains at the Campbell's Hill salo yards to-morrow will bo :— 1. Marshall nnd Blnxland. 2. J. N. Brunker and Son. 3. E. W.Sparkn. CONFUIIJIINOB OV MBAT-FRHK7.rNG GOMl'ANIKB.i — The terms under which Mr. Hooley offurB to pur ohnRO tho meat-freezing oompanios of Now South Waloo woro oonsidorod in Sydnoy yesterday aftor noon by tho roprouentitiyeB of tho following oom panios and, firms :— R. R'lohnrda (Riverstone Meat Company) j S. Clift, T, F. TCnox, W. H. Armstrong,, and C. Fethoratonhnugh (Stnokownors' Moat Com pany) ; Mr. Morfc and R. Imrie (Mfltropolitnn loo Company) i Mr. O. Thompson nnd Mr. Davidson (Colonial Consignment nnd Distributing Company); 'J. A. LiRloy'(Bnrglnnd Co. and Houlder Brothers) ; O. Tayloo (Guddes, Birfc, nnd Co.) t W. Tyson and !C. 0. Boyd (Pastoralists' Finnnco Company);- Mr. Mnnuing(Narrnndnrnand Dubbo Fronzinar Work*) j. Mr. TatoBon (Fresh Food and Too Corap»ny) j. and F. II. Braokenbury (G. S. Yuill and Company,. Limit od). Tho mooting wna hold at tho ortlco of the Pasloralials' ncvimu, Spring-ttrfoh Mr. R, E. N. Twopeny, sooroUry of tho Australian Mont Froezing ABs6oiation,.wiis voted to tho chair. ? The pross wns hot udmittcd to tho meoting, honoo it is impoBsiblo to indionto tho nature of the diBOuesion that took plaoo. All that can bo Bald is that thn torms of Mr. Hooloy's Bohorao wore freoly dis ousBed, but bb it waa apparent that thoro wore Roveral matters on which furthot infonnntion wns nooossary before a deaiiion oould be arrived ah ono way or tho other, it was dooldod to nppoint n com mittee to confer, with tho solicitors repronontlng Mr. Hooley in 8ydnoy, Mulbourno, and Brisbano, nnd to submit tho result of the oonfororoo to another mooting qf tho moat-froealng oompanion, Thn ooraraitteo selected oonslstod of Mnsars. Rioharda, Armatrong, and Tnyloo. Thsy mot tho solicitors to day, nnd will report tho result of tho oonforonno nt n moating of tho moat-freezing companies to bo held to-morrow. 