COURSING CHATTER. Br " BLAKEHERE." OWNERS are hereby reminded that on Saturday naxt their nominations are due with Mr. J. B. O " rr„i!„—u^v-iia Halloran for the Benalla f!h»mninn Champion Stakes. Stakes, r,o to be run on 30th June and 1st July. This is a stake for an unlimited number of all ages at 3 guineas each, and it is now looked upon as one of the classical events of the coursing season. At the same time entries are due for the Broken River Stakes, for 16 puppies, at a couple of guineas each, as also for thJ Winton Stakes, for 16 all ages, at 30s. each. "The Waterloo Cup !" What associations does this honoured title carry with it! It is the ambition of every coursing man to be a-sociated with the winner of the Waterloo Cup, and therefore I presume I need hardly remind owners that on Monday next their nominations are due with Mr. A. H: Cox.for the Moonee Valley Waterloo Cup ; a stake at 3 guineas for 64 all ages. To this Mr. 'Cox most generously adds £50, and under fsuch conditions there should be uo question about the -stake filling. NEXT Monday Mr. John Munday will bold a very big sale of -grehounds at Tatt's Bazaar, Exhibition-street, commencing at eleven o'clock. . I KNOW:of some really good greyhounds, saplings and first and second season doge, for ^private sale. The pedigrees I have examined and can strongly recommend either of the ages. Anyone writing me can be put on to this " lay." JJAST week Mr. W. J. Kelly sold a couple of puppies at.satisfactory prices. 1 hey were of the same. litter as Enoch Arden, the winner of the Adelaide Deiby, being by Tennyson—Flora by Kildabl—Kilkee by Rebellion—Wisteria. LAST week the followiug.paragraphs concerning the Moonee Valley Cup meeting were crowded out for. want of space. -MR. WOODS' judging on the final days was a vast improvement all round on his effort's of the opening day, but his decision in the very last course on Thursday, when he gave the verdict for The Ghost against Single Tax, was the very worst I have ever seen delivered . by . .a .judge, . . as it was practically won all one way by Single Tax. Even those who had backed The Ghost were tremendously surprised, and one of the white dog's supporters himself offered the "odds of "a pouhd to a shilling " against The Ghost, BYRNE'S slipping certainly left nothing to be desired and after the first day he' managed to t t h e length of that detestable " brown patch," so that there were fewer dogs unsighted from slips, anot by" holding ou" a little longer than he did on the opening day, he managed to get his dogs away as if • they were only one. It was not his fault the hares were unaccustomed to their run, and owing to this defect several courses were practically robbed of their interest, as puss was in many instances very shifty in his run up the ground, favouring first one dog and then the other. Witb. it all Byrne deserves praise for his efforts with the slips. . MANDRAKE, MANDKAKK, the wie runner-up, muiier-up, is by ^ Harkaway—^ Honeysuckle, by Rent Charge-Red Hmd andisV a ^cond season dog, bred by his trainer,. Walter Melrose, and sold as a sapling to Mr. A. B. Pearson. He is a greyhound all over, having gteat power, and is, moreover, very clever. One ; defect alone does bo POESJSS, and that is that he has a nasty habit of steadying himself too much when preparing to drive for the initial point. In every course this was noticeable, his lead being shortened two or three lengths owing to this penchant of his. ' In all probability he will giow out of it when he finds by experience that ne misses the first turn. Mr. Alec Pearson ia such an enthusiastic coursing man, and such a staunch upholder of the sport, that his victory would have been very popular, and but for the undecided—which I tbink he won easily—in his cour.-e with Darebin Meg, I feel certain he would once more have been proclaimed the winner of a big stake. AMANDA is a very clever littl« bitch, and the winner of the Dimboola All aged- Stakes was by no means disgraced when she fell to Kate Hardcastle, for she was cut about very much and, moreover, had more than one grueller, which naturally bad its effect on a Feb. puppy. During the first round good form was displayed by The Manxman, Kington Fairy, Happy Thought, Dunloe, Tot Outcast, Bunny, Bridesmaid and Kington Arrow, but they were all completely overshadowed by that of the representatives of the Goldsmith—The Witch litter, whose fame will still further increase during the annals of Australian coursing. FRAULEIN II. was looked after for the last two rounds by Mr. Maurice Kelly. This may perhaps account for her vitality at the finish, as Maurice is one of the well-known firm of Kelly Bros., who have taken so many winners to slips. IN ber last course Kate Hardcastle lost a nail, so it is just possible that she woul3 have been defeated by Goldspur, her brother. Goldspur is an undeniably fast customer, and for spch a big puppy comes around with his game in splendid style. . . ' LAST week I met and had a long chat with Mr. Jas. Weir, the well-known enthusiast in courBing from the mother colony. Mr. Weir informed me that there was every probability of the N.S.W. Waterloo Cup Meeting, to be held at Orange on 22nd July, being a grand success. Nominations are due with Mr. G. Davie, the hon. sec., at 8 p.m., "Thursday, 1st July, at the Metropolitan Hotel, King-street, Sydney, and those who want them must Jose no time in' making.their applications, as when he left Sydney there were very few vacant, whilst in Melbourne he had received several applications for nominations. The committee had engaged a Melbourne man well versed in the subject to train the bares to the escapes, and he would be employed for at least three weeks at this duty. 1 already hear of our principal coursing men applying for nominations, and there is every probability of the Melrose Kennel supplying at least half-a-dozen candidates. MESSRS. Briggs and Bladon, the N.S.W. coursing men who visited us for the recent Valley Cup meeting, intend having a spin with cheir dogs at Bendigo .prior to returning to N.S. W. for the Orange Waterloo Cup. I BELIEVE the Dimboola .Club will in August hold a meeting which should be thoroughly attractive, as it is intended to have a stake good enough to draw dogs from all parts of the colony. The plumpton seems to be a success, and as Dimboola is on the main line between here and Adelaide it would naturally receive support from either capital, providing the South Australians affiliate with the N.G,~C., under which tfub the Dimboola runs on stript lines. MB. M. L. HOTCHINSON, of Little Collins street, has sent us a "Magic Box." This is a very ingenious mechanical toy, in which a number of dancing figures are set in motion. Children will find it very entertaining during the witit9r evenings* BY way of marking the colonial Jubilee of Her Majesty's record reign, Messrs. A. J. Smith and Coi have issued a number of Jubilee specialties, such as medals, Jubilee lanterns and flags, etc. •, also a splendid linen transparency showing an outline map of Australia, with a fine head of the Queenin the centre; a, motto and prettily-grouped flags fill in the border. To is is admirably adapted for a window illumination. Other suitable illuminations are sold at a very low figure. The publishers of the rwell-known and .usefui almanack entitled " Whittaker's," have this year made a new depaiture by-i6Bu1ng as a:«>mpatiiois to the Almanack an annual Directory of Title ; i Persons." It is a very comprehensive peerage issued in a compact form, and contains particular^ of all Home land colonial titled persons, from Her Majesty down to "the C.M-.<J. J e. Much int^reetin.' information is also given as to precedency moden of address,' &e.; The volume is very neatly got up, and is published at the low price of half ra-crown It is intended to issue ihe Directory" each yea; carefully revised and brought up to date. ; THK Pall Mall Magasinp fuT 'May contains the concluding part of ArthurApHn's.story, "Dolores. Whatever object on may be takeH to the" judgment of the author' in making a heroine ot one of the " unfortunates," there can be no denying th 1 literary quality of thb t%le.' The "account ofRuby s sad death following some very short-lived happiness with her lover iB written in very pathetic language and the reader cannot help feeling, a strong indignation. against those who are responsible for the misery that too many of such women have to Buffer. The late Mr, R. L Stev&ison;'s story, " St. Ives,'Ms continued, and "the instalment in this issue iB full of exciting incidents. .. ".The Priest s Bargftin^'ira;8Toiy^T>he-Black^>rest-iii the days of Witchcraft. Father Ambrose, iii order-to save his flock from the evil one, sells his soul in the usual legendary way, and thirty years after, when he is dying, is.cpnfronted by the .figure of an « ld man;"who has ooine to claim his abate in,the ' bargain; The horror bf the' Father is ; changed to rapture,' when he recognises tthe';form of: the, Saviour and hears the •welcome words, "Well done, 'good and faithful Bervant." The illustrations, as usual, in this magazine, are all beautifully pr"' educed, • ' 