RELIGIOUS SERVICES. ALL SAINTS’ CHURCH. —A fairly large con gregation was present at this church last night, when Canon Vance, Dean of Melbourne, officiated, the subject of his discourse being the Incarnation. Ho did not speak of its pur pose, but only tho fact. Tlio incarnation was part of tho Eternal purpose which was formed at the beginning of tho world, and Jesus Christ was sent amongst men with man’s chief characteristics. Had this not been so the ob ject of incarnation would have been defeated. As a human being, Christ had far greater diffi culties to contend against than Adam had. Ho had to contend against sin Himself, and Ho had also to contend against sin on behalf of tho people. There was nothing- unreal in tho temptation, but His Holy Spirit made it impossible to yield to temptation. Some say that these temptations wore not the same to Christ ns they wore to us, but before taking on Himself our fallen natures had first to put off His beautiful garments, and we have only proof of His superhuman power after the Holy Ghost had descended upon Him at His baptism. If His surrender of divine power as Son of God when He took our nature were not true, then there must bo some exaggeration in the statement that “.God gave His only be gotten Son,” etc. As His life was human, so was His death. Tho Holy Scripture- and church boro witness to tho truth and tho moaning of tho Incarnation, and tho preacher urged his hearers to give their deepest consideration to tho subject, together with those of which they had heard during tho past week. Tho musical portion of the servieo was admirably per formed, an exceptionally strong choir, assisted by au efficient orchestra, rendering some dif ficult anthems under tho leadership of Mr. , Alox. J. Pearce, who also acted ns organist.’ Primitive Methodist Sunday School, Buckley street. -The twenty- third anni versary of this school was celebrated yesterday by three special services in tile church, the 1 Bovs. II. S, Carson, W. Goycn and J. TV Kearns preaching in tho order mentioned. In the morning Mr. Carson took for his text Judges, ! I2th chapter, 6th verso ; “Then said they unto ! him, Say now, Shibboleth; and ho said Sib boletli, for ho could not frame to pronounce it right.", Tho Ephruimites, said tho preacher, . were a people who would not work, but would ridicule those who did work. They always found some fault with.the method adopted for carrying out tho work. They wore like some people n> our churches, who would stand by and refuse to help in any movement and would sneer and scoff at those who did try, until the I workers very often felt disposed to give up the work altogether. But if tho undertaking, were successful they would step and say, “ What a grand job wo have done.” Tho preacher, though not wishing to pose ns a spiritual de tective, liked to read of somo of the faults and shortcomings of our forefathers, not be cause ho believed in finding fault, but | so that ho might not fall into tho same error. He had known people who, whether coming out of class, or in their daily talk, were always finding fault with their fellows or with tho methods they adopted in their work. He i would look at the method Jcphthah adopted with which to repay tho Ephrnimites for their wrong doings. Placing himself nt tho side of the Jordan ho asked eooh as lie passed to pro nounce tho word Shibboleth, But as one of Iho peculiarities in tho speech of tho Ephrnimites was their inability to, pronounce tho “ h ” they would say “ Sihbolcth.” It was by this means that Jephtlmh found them out and slow them. The preacher remarked that it was a grand thing to bo able to pronounce the Christian Shibboleth. There wore thousands of parents who could not give their children tho Christian Shibboleth qr the password which would point them to heaven. When passing through' the Valley of tho Shadow of Death if they had tho password they could pass on to everlasting happiness, but if they could not pronounce tho Christian Shibboleth Death would claim them for his victims. In concluding.!!© urged them to give themselves into God's keeping that they might learn tho password, and not ho called upon fo onto? into overlasting torment, Tho children on a raised platform sang special anniversary anthems under tho conduetoi’ship of Mr. T. Trogear, Miss B. Kent and Master A. Tregear acted as organists, Tho anniversary will bo brought to a conclusion by a tea and public meeting to bo held in tho church this evening. Bible Christian Sunday School, McKen zie street, —Tho anniversary services wore repeated, yesterday. - Mr. Hcaloy preached in tho morning and Mr. Pelorson in the evening. In tho afternoon the Rev. A. B. Hofo preached, taking for his text Revelation, 20th chapter, 2nd verso, “ In tho midst of the street of 5 p, and on either side of tho river, was the treo of life which boro twelve manner of fruits and yielded her fruit every month and the leaves of the tree -were for the healings of tho' nation." In tho oonrso of an interesting discourse the preacher referred to flic drink question and its effect on (he generations, ’ A man might say that it would hurt no onoif ho wore to start drink ing. But’science had had something to say in this respect. Alcohol once in tho system woujd disintegrate through the tissues'ami bring about madness and incurable idiocy. Drunkenness will breed immoral children and ingraft in them a tendency‘to vice. Part of the destructive criticism of the Bible questioned, the existence of. tho Garden of Eden, Ho (the preacher) would not say there was a Garden offadon, but he would say that Qod had planted a: garden, of human beings with aknowlcdgo of right' or wrong. God had made a -groat creation ■ no imich abpvo any other, and ip that degree they wore rOspousihlo for thoir notions. Ho eluded by an earnest’ appoaj. (o his hoaroriiyto give themselves Into tho kooplng of Him whpiu the hope of.eternal salvation. SpoolrA' imislo was given by the ehoir under tbd conductor- , ship of Mr, R, Gray. , Bible Christian Sunday School, TSaole iiaivk. —The above School yesterday, cole- i brated their anniversary by special services in tho Salvation Army barracks; In the,morning tho Bov, H. Pafcllnson gave an’earnest ad* dress' to a good congregation. In tho after noon the huliaing'wns well filled, and Uio Rov. W. Botliss preached. Tho evening service was, taken by the Bov. A. E. Carson,, who also had a large congregation. Tho solidol children .wore arranged on a commodious, gallery, and with the assistance of the clniroh choir aud a small .orchestra sang hymns and duets in'ati offoolivo manner.. Mr. J, Halbert was con ductor, and Miss MoKaand organist. Tho an* mial tea will bo held to-night. 