A GREAT WR1GiNi OR, TIlE JJXYSTEB1F OF BLACI HOLLOWI GRAllGE. \----+*** OHAPTER X -(Corenauen.) Lenore drew back with a stilled cry, half suffocated by the foul air that came rushing ,p. "An ugly sort of place, my dear," pro. ceeded Sir Geoffrey, as he replaced the panel, and you have not seen the worst of it. It is an old dungeon in which the border chiefs used to bury their criminals when they were doomed to death by starvation. There are dead men's ghosts, and other loathsome thingpdown there, Miss Trevethon I Such a place would not suit a dainty lady like you, who has been used to satin-hung boudoirs, on, my dear 1" :The revolting picture he had drawn made Lenore shudder. " While my son and his supposed bride," he continued," will be on their bridal tour, you. my dear, will be there, where the dead men's bones mould-r, dying a living death." Sl'he girl's lips quivered pvintully, and a deadly faintness crept over her. but her glorious eyes still flashed indignantly. In the face of the merciless guardian who held her life In his hands, in the face of his son, watchling her with evil exultation, in the face of this horrible death he bad threatened, she did not quail. `'"I say nothing, only what I have already said, Sir".Geoffry," was her quiet answer. The baronet chuckled incredulously. " A life of luxury and pleasvre, as my son's wifle, is certainly preferable to being buried alive, my dear, and you are too sensible a girl to waste an instant in deciding between the two. Como, non, take Richmond's arm, and let the malri .e proceed. Once his wife, of course, you give your word to keep silent touching to-night's adventures, and not another thing is required of you. If you and your bridegroom do not happen to find your. selves very much in love alfter marriage, you will not be forced to bill and coo. You may ert up separate establishments if you like, follow your own wills, and please yourselves ae you fancy your fortune will warrant it." Once more the waiting bridegroom ad vanced to take his bride's hand. She turned upon him with haughty indig. nation. '.f I had ever dreamed of obeying my poor father's will, if I had ever thought of becom. ing your wife, do you think I would do so now I" she cried. ."I now know you both as you are, fa'her and son, a pair of mur derers I I say again, as I said before, there ssome mistake. You are not of the Trevethon iace.". Sir Geoffrey, gnashing his teeth in his :nger, drew a dagger from his breast, and lanhed it before her eyes. " Silence I" he thundered, "or I'll drive it hilt-deep into your heart." SShe lu :ed his grasp and darted across the room,' tore aside the tattered curtain, and shivered the glass in the window with a single blow of her dainty hand. "MIurder Imurder I" she cried,.her voice ringing like a silvez trumpet above the clamor of the storm. The baronet and his son both burst into mocking laughter. " You may shout yourself hoarse," said her guardian, "but no one will hear you. Do not forget, Miss Trevethon, that you are in the Haunted Manor I' The girl shuddered from head to foot, but she put her face to the broken panecand cried out again " Murder I Murder I" : Sir Geoffrey strode across the room and fclutched her arm. " Come, we have had enough of this," he said, his face working with anger, his cruel fingers impressing themselves upon her arm. *" Lenore Trevetbon, for the last time I ask y ou, will you marry my son ?" SI will not," was her unhesitating answer. * - CHAPTERSR . -X1. AIri; A WI LD WEDDIN?h-IGHT. IA wild night shuttingdown upon the Scot. 1 tish hills, and it is Ambrose Gertbart's wed. sding night. SHe stands in the door-way of his father's hbose, arrayed in his holiday garments-a 'tall, handsome youth, with an eye like an Seagle's and the bearing of a prince, albeit he is the son of humble parents. His mother comes forward, with his heavy coat in her hands. " It is high time you were off, my son,"she says. " The dark comes swift these winter evenings, and the walk you have before you is long and dreary. So get thee gone, Am brose ; it won't do to keep the little Isabel waiting on her wedding-night." She is, or has been, a handsome woman in her time, this enother of the tall young mountaineer. She is tall and straight as a dart, with sloe.black eyes, and cheeks which even yet retain some little of their youthful bloom. ler husband, Donald Gerhart, has led a seafaring life ever since their marriage, and Ambrose and his mother have been left a great deal to themselves, and are very tenderly attached to each other. Never but once has the mother been parted from hei boy, and that was when he made a voyage to the Spitzbergen coast with his father. She looks at him now with a curious mix ture of tenderness and regret in her dar' eyes. "To-morrow he is to bring home his bride; and she takes him in her arms and kisses him tenderly, her dark eyes running ovex with tears. Ambrose gives her a hearty welco-me in rs. ;r'?rl. "Good.by, mother. Heaven keep you safe until my return." lie departs, and his mother stands in the door-way and watches him out of sight. "' My brave lad," she muses,a-curioou, wist ful look in her eyes; " handsome enough to he the king's son and wed with a princess. But Isabel's a bonny lass, and she'll bring him a snug little dowry, and he'll be happy and prosperous. I could not part from him now. Hie is discontented as it is, but if he knew his history he'd leave me and go roving to the ends of the earth ; and what would Donald say, after sailing the seas for a score of years, and hoarding gold for his only soul Nay, nay i" throwing up her hands with an impassionate gesture, " 1 cannot tell now; I never can tell him. I've locked the secretin my heart, and I'lII arry-it with me to my grave." Tie night fell swiftly, and the storm gathered fury with every passing minute. The mother and father, the latter having returned soon after the departure of Ambrose, sat before their blazing hearth and heard the wild riot of the blast. "'Tis a bitter night, Donald," said the wife, addressing her bronzed and deep chested husband. "I trust the lad will reach Feliside all safe. If he had only taken the collie along I" Donald laughs derisively, as he rubs his hands together over the blaze. "As if the lad needed the collie,wife 1 You think him a boy yeti Why, Ambrose could find his way blindfold, though the drifts be neckdeep, Never worry for him. HIe's safe at the Fellside by this time,and will soon be Isabel's husband." But at that self-same moment Ambrose stood panting and irresolute at the foot of a great snow clad peak. Surely he had lost his way, albeit he had rosmed for years amid these wild Highland hills. lie paused and looked about him with be wildered eyes. The snow descended in swift whirling masses that almost took away his breath. There could be no doubt about It; he had lost?his way --lIe hould betd own-in the sheltered valley, and here he was climbing Amid the storm shakeu hills. He must have been bewitched or .ewildered, he thought, to hamr lost so unaccountably his way; he who had trud tioee hill-paths from his boyhood; he who nad been in the habit of cro?.ing these .ame wild moors every Saturaiay night, on his way to tbh Fellsido farm I Standing amid the white, swirling drifts, with ti~ thunder of the blast in his ears, in :?g!- 'joy be pictured the gay company gathering at the Fellide, and saw Irhai,:. in her white wedding lobes, awaitin; his coming. He fad never been over anxious in regard to this marriage, though hr was fund enough of Isabel. Tioe ll;ra.. was of his good mother's planning. Ambrose would never have dreamed of matrimony of his own will; his desires and aspirations ran in quite a dif ferent way. From a lad he had been discon. tented, and longed to seek fame and fortune in foreign lands. Flocks and herds, and "gold and siller" failed to satisy his long ings; but his mother's persuasions had kept him at the Ilighlnnd home, and it was through her that he was ever brought to make love to Isabel and consent to a marriage with her, the prettiest lass in the country. As he thought of his bride awaiting him, he determined to strain every nerve, risk every danger, to reach the Fellside farm in time. Ile started on a ain at a brisk pace. A great, gusty drift drove him back; but he was on his feet again in an instant, and on his way; he was resolved not to keep his bride and her wedding.guests wait ing. But the darkness deepened and the snow shut him in like a winding sheet. He paured a second time, and strained his eyes to pierce the gloom. lie could ju-t make out the dark hill-line beyond which was llack Hollow Grange. He had wandered miles out of his way, for the Fellside farm nestled in a shel tered valley far below. He turned to retrace his steps, when a glimmering light came before his eye. It eilently gleamed from the window of the fH B nted Manor. Ambrose stood and looked at it with bated oreath and distended eyes. For years he had trod these mountain paths, and never before nad he seen a light in that abandoned and accursed dwelling. What did it mean? It was an old, old place, this High. land manor, green with mould and orer. grown with ivy, the home of bats and owls, and ghosts, too, the simple hill-folk averred. Hluman creatures shudder as they passed its ponderous gates, and few dared set foot in its mouldering halls. He stood there, and a great owl fluttering down the stair- way frightened him, hero as he was, well-nigh out of his senses. He thought of itnow, and of the old stories he had heard from the lips of the highland dames, as he fixed his eyes upon tile glim. mering light, and wondered if the murdered lady had come out of her grave to visit the manor this stormy night. But there was a little superstition in his nature, and be drew a deep breath and started on again, fancying that he was going toward the valley. But that twinkling light in the window of the Itaunted .?Inorseemed to draw him upward with a strange power. For his life he could not keep his eyes from it, as he slowly struggled through the blind ing snow. At last he fell,faint and breathless, and he rashly resolved to rest for a few mo ments. Gradually the white drifts covered him like a winding-sheet. A sweet, luring forgetfulnessslowly stole ever him, and his eyes closed. Suddenly realising that to sleep was to die, he struggled to hi" feet. lie stumbled on again, that glimmering light before his eyes. It was close at hand now and dazed as he was, he fancied he was nearing the Fellside farm, and saw the light shining from his bride's window. He staggered on, with a glad cry, until he fell again, his strength utterly gone. As he dropped upon thesnow he clutched at some white, spectral thing which rose above the drifts. A chill of horror passed through him. He srtuggled to his feet, still clasping the spectral thing, and glaring about him with dilated eyes. Tohis amazement he realises that his footsteps have led him to the shunned precincts of the Black Hollow; and a chill of horror creeps through his veins as he discovers that he stands beside the stone cross above the murdered lady's grave. A hoarse cry breaks from his lips. He relaxes his grasp of the ice-cold grave-stone, and falls face downward in the snow. How long he lies there he never knows. A shrill cry of agony_-rings him-to his-senscs-s woman's cry. "Murder I Murderl" Ambrose gains his feet, new life running through his chilled veins. The yellow light twinkles in plain view, and he makes his way toward it. He crosses the Black Hollow, climbs the snowy steep, and dashes through the open gate into the wide park. The old manor looms up distinctly before him, all its turrets and chimneys darkly defined in the whirling snow. "MIurder l Murder l" Again that awful cry, shrill and wild, above the clamor of the storm. He looks up, and at the lighted window he sees a face. Only for an instant, but in that instant he recognises it as the face that has haunted his dreams since the hour ha saw it in the moonlit valley below. While and wild with mortal agony and terror, it flashes upon him for a moment; in the next it is gone, and theyellow lightsuddenly dis onnears. A great throe of pain and rapture stirs his breast. Through the drifts he dashes on. IHe will save her, or die in the attempt. IHe reaches the terrace, and gropes along to the front entrance. The door swings on its hinges, an0d he dashes into the wide, windy hall. A blast like the breath of the grave meets him, chilling the blood in his veins. But he does not pause. He rushes on, and his hand is on the railing of the black stair.way, when a last cry breaks the silence-a cry so piteous, so imploring, so full of mortal terror and agony, that it brings an answer from his lips. Shouting until the vaulted arches ring with the echo of his voice, he goes leaping up the stairs; but ere he reaches the first landing something clutches him; a strong bhand grapples his throat; a swift, sharp blade pierces him, and he is hurled headlong down the broad steps. ar dla aware of the extent of his injury, but conscious of his fast waning strength, he struggles to his feet and staggers aro nt. For only a few minutes he is able to keep his feet, and then he drops unconscious in the mnow. CHAPTER XII. "TIIERE'S MANY A SLIP 'TWIXT THE CUP .AND THE LIP." The old Fellside farm-house gleams with ruddy lights and rings with merriment. Great fires- roar-in every chimey, the- old. fashioned halls glow with warmth and com fort, and down the length of the oaken dining-room a long table extends, white with homespun damask, and all a-glitter with quaint china and silver, and laden with the tempting array of edibles. In the main room the wedding guests are momentarily assembling, and in his arm. chair, on the right side of the blazing hearth, sits Squire Melville, master of the Fetllide farm, and father of the bride. Pretty, dove-eyed Isabel, the youngest born, and idol of her father's heart, is in her chamber, being arrayed for her mar. ringe. The old man, sitting in his cosy corner, hears the patter of her light feet overhead, and a smile lights his round, rubicund face. How pretty she will look, he thinks, wheq Ihe comes dqwn in her white wedding robes. He has expended a round little sum on her )utfit, just to please her, the vain, childish :hing, for he could well afford it, and Isabel -as the apple of his eye. She was a brbe when be buried her pretty young mother oeneath the moorland grasses, and he has reared her throsgh 411 the years of her young life in his very bosom, so to speak. And she is such a beauty, and so fond of pretty Snery. Ihe-c -Maud, her elder sister, as sent to Edlinburgh to purchase an unexceptionable trousseau to please little Isabel, and to reward her, in a measure, for being a good, obedient child. and accepting the husband at her father's choosing. For be it known, Ambrose Gerhart was not the little moorland belle's sole lover. She had them by dozens, great, honest, lumbering fellows, who worshipped the very eod pressed by her dainty feet, and for not one of whom the little conuette eared a fil. Vnt there was one, a young lungllshman of whom she had grown very fond. He was down at his father's shooting-box.for the snmmer months, and chance drew him to the Fellside farm. A 'andsome, scholarly, thoroughbred gentleman was Arthur Mar lowe, Sir Hereford Marlowe's only son and heir, a born aristocrat, with some of the bluest of British blood in his veins, and a rent.roll large eaough to satisfy a prince. Moreover, he was the betrothed lover and elected husband of Lady Bianca Drie. col. The engagement was of long standing; a sort of family arrangement,in which the young heir expectant had no say whatever, but was called upon to obey the will and wish of his seniors. Hitherto, he had shown no unwillin.n ss to obey, and lad rendered a sort offsr-e ihomage to the patrician face aohb. ?d. Bianca, heiress in her own :riht tf a fortune of some twenty thoitsandd pyttnds p:r annum. No small consileration tr!ly, and Sir Hereford, a man of inordinate tprile and ambition, entered into the negotiations touching the alliance, and bad the pre. liminaries all arranged long before his son attained his majority. The Lady Bianca wore a sparkling en. gagement ring on her slim, white fluner, in I was haughty and dienifi d, as became a peeress of her standing, her mind cliiefly intent upon the acquisition of accomplish ments requisite for the high station she was destined to fill. Meanwhile, youngArthn? went through, his university -cmir-o at Oxford, and one autumn day fate took hint to the Hichlanls. :ind the Frliside frn:m. He met little Isabel, and straightwsy did what he had never dreamed of ,doing before, affianced as he was, fell in love._ The details are always the same the ivwrld over, with a little more or less romance, hence it will sufice to say that Arthulifriet the little moorland beauty, and loved her madly from the first. She loved him in return, or farcied she did, which was all the same, for she was a sweee, dore-like little thing, all heart to the tips of her pretty, dimpled fingers; and the young Englishman was a bold and resolute wooer. When he asked her to b- his own, forget. ful, in the romance of his delirious dreama. of those other chains that'lound him,I abel drooped her dove eyes and hid her blushisg check upon his shoulder, and answered ' Yes." But it turned out that the master of Fell. side farm was made or sterner stuff than his pretty daughter, and when the baronet's son sought him a little later and re. quested his sanction to the encagement, he received for answer a prompt denial. "No. sir. What do you take e.i for. demanding my daughter's hand in this off. hand manner, and you a lad bArely out ot knee-breechesl" " I - I - am one-and-twenty," falters Arthur, " and I love your daughter, sir; and she loves me I" The farmer's stern face softened. "She does, eh? the little fool. Well, young man, I've no fault to find with. you, and I don't care to make my little girlu'n. happy. She is as -ood as she is pretty, and worthy to be the wife of.the best man in England; but there's a difference, you see, betwixt your family and mine. Your father is Sir Hereford Marlowe, Baronet, and I am plain Hugh Melville of Fellside farm; not that I think myself one whit the worse for it, you understand. But I never did believe in mating sparrow-hawks with robins. No good ever comes of it; and I've excellent prospects for Isabel. She can wed with one of the worthiest lads in the land, and some day she'll say the word. But like enough, she won't any it, now 'that you'-e turned her silly brain with your nonsense." '" She never will, sir," put in the baronet', ,on, indignantly. " She has given me het ,romise never to marry any man except my" -elf I" ' uge W hat does nerpromise amount o, or yours either, for that matter," laughe! he farmer. "Both of yonuare too young o know your own minds."'Andlet me tell jon, sir, my little girl, pretty as she is, won't iut-you. - eottrlminetoryourtitle by-anu- iy. You should marry some stately lad3 uited to your position. What will my little Isabel do in yourigrand house, amid ail your lords and ladies I Why'she'd droor sud fade like a mountain pink shut up in s .ot-house;. and in six months', time you'd (eel ashamed of her, and regret-your mar riage. " No sir, never 1 love her too well fos that," cried the young lover, excitedly. "No daughter of mine shall ever entel any family uninvited," the old man con tinued. " I'll tell you what I'll agree to Let your father, Sir Hereford Marlowe, send me a line, stating that he is willing that his son and heir shall wed my daughtez and then, sir, if after twelve months' proba tion, you and the lass still keep the same mind, you may marry as soon as you please Now, that's fair enough, isn't it l" Arthur's countenance falls, and he seeks fsabel, and complains sorely of her father's hard decree. But in the end he is forced to mubmit; for when once his mind is made up the farmer is as immovable as one of the great oaks that flank his green meadows. The young man, however, is madly in love and bent upon having the moorland beauty for his wife. He makes a flying visit to the sncestral mansion, Marlowe Hall; seeks an interview with Sir Hereford, and with great :repidation and hesitation gets him to under. stand the nature of his wishes. "You wish to break your engagement with Lady Bianca Driscol, and marry ti dlaugh. ter of a Scottish farmer?" Arthur bows, his heart beating too rapidly .o admit of words. The old baronet lays aside his gold spectacles. and taps his jewel. .ed snuff-bax with high ured composure. " Very well, sir," he answers deliberately, jut with an ominous gleam in his eye; "you :ome of age next week, and can then do as rou like, Break with Lady Bianca and tarry this girl if you see fit; but remember, ir," ad -he strikes the table-with-a-furce- .hat makes the young man jump in his seat, ' the day and hour you do it I cast you off for all time I I have the power to do it, you onow. The bare title will be yours at my leath; but not one rood of the Marlowe and, not one shilling of the Marlowe income a entailed. A word of mine can cut yon off h beggar, and by Heaven, sir, the hour you ireak your engagement a beggar you shall ):, and my curse shall follow you till my lying day. There, sir, you have my an ,wer; and since you request it, I'll send it ,rer to your Saltch armer by the nex Sir Herefoed -etcps his word. When Arthur again visits the Fellside farm, which r: does with all possible haste, he finds that his father's letter is ahead of him. Maud 'shbel's eldest sister, meets him, and ushers sim into the best room, where the squire re -eives him. * I have received your father's reply, sir,' Ih- offended farmer begins at once, "and :n words are nelded between us. It you ,re a man of honoryou will leave my house .it once, and never seek to see my daughtei ,gain I" Arthur tries to expostulate, but the sqnire whose pride is sorely hurt, cuts him short; and he departs without one glimpse of hit bharmer, and feeling like one stunned inthis misery. He returns to Oxford and to his books angrily determined to forget h but he finds it impossible. (To i cmotinure.) A lecturer once prefaced his discourse upon the rhinceros with-" I must beg you to give me your undivided attention. Indeed it is ibsolutely impossible that you can form a true ilea of the hideous animal of which we are bontt to speak, unless you keep your eyes lixed lupon ine." Young Husband : ' is just a week to-da iince we were married, mly dear Lisette. Young Wife: "Ah! what a memory you have, darling !" SAt the Milliner's.--Shop assistant(todomes tic servant): "Here is a very good material. Your mistress bought some yesterday. See ant.: "I don't like it. Have you not some. thing better-a little more expeusivel " It did not come off.-Nephew (hard up): "I dreamt the other night, uncle, that you lent me a liver." Uncle : " All right you can keep it. I had furgotten all about it." Printed 4nd published by the Proprietors, KAIN THOMSON, at their Oflce, 168 6; 170 Queenberrsm.tret. -Norh tMelbQuR . TL8PnlnIeA 118 