Lockliait Minstrel Troupe. Os Easier Monday night tho Lockharb Miosrel Troupe made their first appearance before a public audience at Green's Gunyah (now Loclthar:). Tho company consists of residents of the district, and have been coached by Mr. Charley Lewis, who also took part in the entertainment. Mr. Lewis will bo remembered by many residents of Wagga ns having visited this town on several occasions. He was a member of tho original Georgia Minstrels, and playod as principal end man in Wagga in 1882, the year Cunna mulla won llio Waegu Cup. Frequent rohearsils were held, and the members studied their parts so well that on Monday night each was letter perfect. A well arranged programme, consisting of songs, jokes and farces was drawn up and credit obly uono through. The hall was suitably decorated and lighted with Chinese lanterns. A temporary stage was erected and a row of footlights arranged. Suit able dresses were also made for each member, which added in a measure to wards the success of the entertainment. Tho wan!robe was attended to by Mrs. G. Jacobs, who, with a large staff of assistants, had for some weeks been kept busy in making up many elaborate costumes. Altogether the effect when the curtain was drawn was a pleasing one, and came as a surprise to many, as few of those present expected to seo such a gorgeous display. Tho eutertainment was given in aid of the Lockliarb Cricket Club, and the hall, which had been considerably enlarged for the oc casion, was full. Tho first part of the programme consisted of minstrelsy entitled a " A Plantor's Garden Party," in which Mr. G. Jacobs took the part of interlocutor, Mr. Lewis, bones, and Mr. D. Regan, tambourine. Mr. H. Treloar filled the position of the Pluuter, and Mr. P. Taylor, as Miss Dinah. An overture, "Pot pourri," was exceedingly well playod by Miss R. Morris (piano) and Mr. C. Browne (violin). An opening chorus, "Miss Dinah's wedding," by the company followed. Mr G. Browne sang with good effect "Of all those dear remembered plaoes." Mr. D. Regan created considerable amusement by singing a Buffo song, "Boomona." Mr. G. Jrcobs gave a good rendering of " Little blue eyes." Sir. C. Lewis in tlio Buffo Bong "Dinah Duck," created a furore, Tho chorus of this numbor was particularly well sung, and several encores were de manded. The garden party terminated with an amusing finale, " Todder day." Tho jokes and gags of the end men wero good and loudly applauded. After a short interval another overture, " O.vjaya," was playod by Miss R. Morris, and Mr. Browne. Mr. G. Jacobs sang, " Don't pub the poor working man down," and had to respond to an encore. Mr. G. Browne also roceived a call for a capital rendition of " Com rades," and repeated portion of tho numbor. An amusing farce, "Barnum's Grand Dicnity Ball," was next gone through the oast of characters being as follows: -13aruum, Mr. G. Jacobs; Slim Jim (a witty and humorous negro ticko'-takor), Charley Lewis i Deadhead. Mr.' P, Taylor ; Milkmaid, Mr. G.Browne; Richard III.. Mr. A. Browno; Housemaid, Mr. H. Ticloar ; Violinist, Mr. D. R»i>an ; Flower Girl, Mr. G. Morris; Mr. Harry Hard muscle, Mr. P. Robertson ; Mrs. Hard musolo and family, Mr. H. Taylor; Tho Ghost, Mr. W. M'Candles; the Guest of Mr. Barnum, Miss R. Morris. Tho eccentricities and humorous sayings of Slim Jiin wore exceedingly funny, and kopt the audionco in oontinuul laughter. A plantation song and dance, " Walking for dat cake," was creditably gone through by tllo full strength of the company, and hail to bo repented in response to calls fi-in tho audience, anil t-lio entertainment concludcd with tho song " Clara Nolan's Ball." Alto gether, tho ontortainment was an oxcolloiit one, and, considering tho company had had so few rehearsals, little fuult could bo found with the programme. The acoompanimonts wero cllieiently played throughout, by Miss R. Morris, and all tho arrangements wo>o earriod out under tho supervision of Mr. Lowis. A danco was subsequently held in tho hull, und kept up till about thrco q'CIocU next njoraiu|j'. 