Religion in Action. (By the Rev. Newman Smyth, D.D.) And He said unto them, When I sent you forth without purse, and wallet, and shoe lacked ye anything ? And they said, Nothing. And He said unto them. Hut now. he that hath a nurse. let him take it, and likewise a wallet ; and he that hath none, let him sell hi cloak and buy a sword. — St. Luke, xxii., 35, 36. Up to this time the Master had pro vided for the disciples; henceforth in His name they were to take their purses and their wallets, and, if neces sary, buy swords against the world- powers which would rise up against them at every step of their apostolic journeyings. They were to throw themselves with all their might into the beginnings of that great conflict of the Gospel with the world and its wrongs, which is to be tne continued warfare of Christianity throughout history until the millenial day; and in that conflict they were not to be help less men, without plans, forethought, and provisions wisely made for emer gencies; they were to use all their re sources, they were to avail themselves of common means of defence.they were to be men of action as well as prayer. Before the work given disciples to do should be finished, Christians would' need to make good use of all their purses, their wallets and their swords. For henceforth Christ's religion was to be no withdrawal of disciples into some desert place; no waiting on the borders of Samaria for God's hour to strike. In the midst of the angry factions of Jer usalem, up and down through Judea and Samaria, and to the uttermost parts of the earth, disciples were to bear witness in His name. RELIGION IS AN INWARD LIFE. It is a comfortable meditation of the heart. It is serene light over our 'quiet thoughts. It may pervade a soul like'some sweet music, heard through an open window, coming from afar. PJety.i peaceof heart Religion Is the Divine .secret ''of ja sure personal life. It is an aspiration; a prayer, the home- longing of "a >6in immortal, which is known to the 'Father who seeth In sec ret. As an inward life, religion is a withdrawal from the world ; It ia life's quiet morning or evening hour- some sacred experience not rudely to be touched or disclosed— a life hid with Christ in God. Religion is the holy of holies of the soul's temple, where there is no visible image to be found; without round about this secret dwel ling place of the Lord, lie the open courts for life's common uses; but within this holy place of spiritual com munion the footsteps of the crowding cares, and the din and confusion of the world's daily business, shall not enter and are not to be heard. Religion If God and the soul beneath God's eye. Religion is MAN ALONE WITH HIS MAKER. This truth of the inward spiritual re ality of religion Jesus was always teaching the people. Conversion, he insisted, is in its beginning an inward change. Unseen by human eye, known only to the Father who seeth in secret; there may be born in man a new spi rit, and in the inward Spirit of his life he may come into oneness with God's will, and be already a soul which Is passed from death unto life. This truth of the inwardness of spiritual religion has at times become the predominant thought of the Gospel of the kingdom which men and churches have realised. There are seasons when it may need to be revived, and all our thoughts turned inwards, and we wait upon our God until we grow conscious that we are inwardly; born anew into that spirit, without which, whatever else we may see of beauty, truth, or worth in this world, we certainly cannot see the kingdom of heaven. But this first truth of the in- - ward life of the soul unto God is not the whole truth nf the Gospel of the king dom which Jesus came preaching ; nor \- "was U tile thought which was in Jesus's Kind the moment before He withdrew a little from His disciples and prayed alone In Gethsemane. RELIGION IS ALSO ACTION. It Is, as I have just been insisting, an Inward life, a meditation, a prayer of the spirit; a listening, a waiting, a hush and hope of the soul; man's hour before heaven's dawn; but religion is also ac tion; It is taking the purse— all the purse which one has— and the travellers wal- let, and even, if need be, .a soldier's sword. Neglect either aspect of this religious whole of life, let either exclude the other, and we shall fail to fuliil Jesus's thought for His disciples, and to can y the Gos pel, as Jesus meant it should be carried, by all humble means In strong Christian hands throughout the world. This truth that Christ's Christianity,- being an in ward state of souls,- is also action, is the truth of religion to which the Holy Ghost is giving fresh witness in this pre sent age. For religion now is revealing Itself as action more hopefully than ever before, determined action against all the rout and rabble of the world's sins, per sonal action, down In many evil places, a man-to-man wrestling with iniquity, and also all along the advancing line of wnrW's finne o combined action against the world-powers which rob and oppress and despoil die humanity for which Christ died. In these very days, when some stand questioning about the miracles of old, Christianity is carrying Us Gospel of the resurrection of man from the death of sin, as never so suc cessfully before, into regions of- darkness and crowded human desolation; and while some thoughtful men hesitate he- fore the record of the supernatural in past history, the Holy Ghost now is gain ing command of the winds and the waves of human passions, lifting, to its high purpose the wills of men, and," in what might seem still greater evldenceof its miraeulousness, taking the wallets, emptying -the purses, and controlling the swords of men, for the kingdom of hea ven's sake. NOW BEHOLD CHRISTIANITY AS RELIGION IN ACTION— not religion dreaming -of God while His world goes wrong; not religion praying for escape from the world while men are perishing in their sins; but religion in action, the action of the world over of human powers moved and actuated by the Spirit of righteousness, truth and love. Religion, is the concescration and the energy of multitudes of minds and hearts, of the redeemed forces of human life, of business sagacity, of ceaseless in dustry, of investments of capital, of com binations of good men and of churches for the Gospel's sake — in short — and we are indeed dull of vision if we do not ap prehend this, and dead of heart if we are not stirred by the prospect of service under the generalship of a Providence wiser than us all. For the Kingdom of God's sake it is more than ever before the duty and privilege for true disciples tb take the purse, the wallet, and what ever else may be called for, and gladly to throw them into the conflict of the good against the evil. Consider, then, the stimulus which this truth of Christianity as religion in ac tion may impart to us. Strong natures sometimes have not been sufficiently at tracted to religion because they have failed to see this robust, vigorous de mand for it; they feel themselves more at home in affairs than in meditations; they enjoy action more than prayers. But the sublimcst action is always a prayer. RELIGION IS THE GREATEST ACTION. To be a religious man is to be In touch and sympathy with the action, the great action of this and of all times. It is to be a doer of the Word. Even a little true Christianity in a man will make him discontented at heart if lie is not doing something real and worthy; it renders us uncomfortable in church under true preaching if we are not using the purse, the wallet, the cloak, and would not be willing any hour, if need were, to go and buy a sword in the Lord's name for any help of man or against any wrong. The immense stimulus of this truth of the Christian religion of action lies also in its direct appeal to every human power. It does not select a few faculties or activities, calling them sacred, and letting the rest go as common or profane. Jt demands all.. It touches every key; it sweeps the whole range of motives. These three, words of -our Lord— purse, wallet, or travelling-bag, sword— are "in themselves sufficient for A GENERAL INVENTORY OF THE ACTIVE POWERS.. . to which His religion lays claim, viz., those powers which men must put forth to gain a purse from -which' to give; those activities by which a man is trained as one who has taken his wallet and tra velled among men, observing, intelligent, knowing the world, and understanding Its opportunities ; and those cliivalric powers, too, which entitle a man to bear the sword — a high sense of duty, true courage, self-control, honor, endurance, the nerve to throw one's self in wherever needed. These three words, I would say, which Jesus specified, with all which they imply, are enough to include the -sum of our active powers, which are to be consecrated, aiid which may find their full use, In the' Lord's service. s Whether we gain or hot through our jives the joys and victories of this reli gion: of .the purse, the wallet and the sword, vcrtain it is that the Christianity . Which our Master thought of as He went to Hlsjcrossils fo he no make-believe of XfiLith, -ho filaything of piety, no club- jdtiOusg privilege, or special Invitation and ;.S ' caQtgSLitvay to the marriage supper of next week.) 