IN THE DEAO OF NIGHT, Published by special arrangement with Uessrs. War<l. Loci; if Co., Ltd. [all rights rkseryhb.] CHAPTER VI. THE CATBPAW. By the Popular Authoress, ADA CAMBRIDGE. That first night in the haunted chamber tos cot so romantic in its incidents as the Becond one, and yet it was far from being commonplace. The occupants found it impossible to feel at home in such surroundings. They fidgetted through the Ion" six hoars, listening, watching, talking!" dozing in brief snatches, waking on the threshold of dreams to cry, " Phew, how hot it is!" and disturb each other by asking whether he or she was asleep or not. And the mice were di tracking But for the testimony of universal experience, it would have been hard to believe thev were mice, rushing and raging over the'floor, and scratching and squealing be-. hind the wainsoot in that rampageous manner. The present auditors had no doubt about it—blessed them in choice language without feeling any necessity to light the candle. Perhaps it was the familiar domestic associations of thd noise which lulled them into theirfirst sleep, when their ears bad become accustomed to the noiBe itself. At any rate, they slept. Tt seemed to ; themselves that they had been off gnard for about five minutes, when first Nettie, and then her husband, awoke to a sensation of something having happened during their absence. There wae a su tidued creating, as when one tries to open a door or window without being heard—a little cracking noise, then silence, then another crack. " There's someone in the room," wnispered Nettie, her dry tongue cleaving to the roof of her month. " Hush-sh-sh!" breathed Wingate in her ear, and he drew himself up softly into a sitting posture. The moon was obscured at this moment, and from their bed by the fireplace, nearer to the door than the window, they could see nothing distinctly. Again they heard the creaking noise—a noise that certainly had not disturbed them before they went to sleep—and Wingate ciutiouBly felt for the matches. He was not alarmed, but he trembled with the effort he made not to betray himself by any untimely movement. He managed to secure the match-box without rattling it against the candlestick, and to open and close it without a tinkle; then he eat up in bed with a match in his hand, ready to strike the instant he heard the sound again. After long suspense it was repeated, and, with his straining eyes fixed upon the door whence he believed it to come, he dashed the match upon the box, expecting to reveal the form of Geraldine Desailly or au accomplice in the act of creeping into the room. But he dashed with too much vigour; the match-head snapped without exploding,' and fell off upon the sheet. He did not swear, as he felt inclined to do, but listened for a t pwWm l moment eagerly. Again there was the creaking sound, not so loud this time, bat continued for several seconds instead .of for one. He seized another match, strnck it successfully, and held the little flame high, riBing on one knee as he did so, and he saw that the door was closed and the p room unchanged. He then lit the candle: and got out of bed to explore more thoroughly. Nettie following close behind a him; but the strictest search discovered w t nothing. The bit of paper was etill over the outside keyhole, untouched; the passage doors were shut and fastened; the passage and the little staircase were empty and silent; the haunted room revealed no sign of any human presence, save their own. "It must have been the mioe," said. Wingate, as he locked their own door afresh; and he bade his wife go back to bed. " It was not a bit like mice," she objected timidly. " Well, there's nobody about, at any rate." So they returned to their pillows, and, listening for a long time, heard no more noises except such as mice ordinarily make in their nibblings at dry woodwork and their scamperings to and fro. Rain began to patter down again, and to tinlfla upon 1 the window. "Perhaps it was the rain," said Wingate. " Perhaps," suggested Nettie, hopefully, " it was the furniture creaking after being moved and pulled about. I had a wicker chair in my bedroom once that used to make noises the whole night if I had been sitting in it before I went to bed." " Oh, very likely. I daresay that was it." Wingate turned over to go to sleep. Hib wife, less satisfied, lay awake for' some time longer, and then she, too, dozed again; but she hud troubled dreams of ghosts and burglars that startled her into sudden recognition of the white moonlight and black shadows of the haunted room at - very Bhort intervals. On one of these occasions she crept np to Billy, and whispered his name into his ear. He was slumbering lightly, but in a moment checked his audible breathing and brought all his senses to attention. There was a noise in the air again, but not the same noise aB before. It was a sort of pulsation,: half a sigh and half a snore, rising and falling gently and evenly, like the heavy breathing of some sleeping animal, and it seemej to come from under the floor. " If we were in the bush," Baid Wingate, " I should say it waa an opossum. • It is exactly like the noise they make in the trees at night, just outside your window. " It must be a dog," said. Nettie. " Tes. Or -" he was trying to think of an English equivalent for an opossum, " or a squirrel out of the woods." The; were both sure that it was not man, woman, or ghost; so Wingate picked np one of his boots and flung it noisily across the floor, crying, "' Shoo!" loudly as he did so. Instantly the noise stopped, there was the sound of a Btealthy. creeping movement, and all was still. " A squirrel," said Wingate again. " An old pluce like this, deserted for so long, and standing in the middle of these lonely woods, must be alive with creatures making a shelter of it. No wonder there are noises." Then they went to sleep for the last time, and awoke in' daylight, safe and sound, satisfied with the issue of their adventure. Nettie dressed provisionally, put a tin kettle to boil on a spirit stove, and made tea, first for her husband and herself, and then for the two men who had spent the night on the hard boards of the summer house, and whom Wingate went in seacch of as soon as he had Slurried on his clothes. " Well, you fellows," he saidsirily, "'now that you have the light of day" to reassure you, perhaps you'll come into the house for a little refreshment. Mrs Wingate is brewing you a cup of tea; she thinkB you'll be wanting something after all yon have gone through. Wo hare teen -as comfortable and rang as possible." " Slept well, sir ?" inquired Abel Howe, as he and his companionwalked Btnffly towards the house, having returned respectml greetings and tendered *.hnnlrn for the lady's kindness. 7 • " Never better/'.ieglisd Wingate. " Ton didn't keep awako to watch—r—?" "Of course I did. When I eay Celept weii, I mean that everything - was quiet*. The mice made a-int of A rumpus, • that'* all." Then he fetched his wife downstair^ taking the precaution to lock their chamber door bemnd them, because she was leaving silver toilet things andothervsalnables about: and she looked very.~lref!h~BJh£L charming to the tared men as Bhe:stepped into the hall, catrying-her tea-basket"u her arms. They saluted her Withs «hapi6- faced sense of her moral Buperiority over themselves. • " 1 should like.'saidWingate emptying the remaining contents of his spiritllaak into the mens teacups, "to thoroughly satisfy y&ur; minds as weUas-my»own, to prove to everybody that the house 'is iree of ghosts, at any rate. It -as-j net-possible that I may rent the place fromSir Walter for a time, and I am well aware -that we shall have tronbl e with servants and «o on, if any nonsense of that eort-gotM.bout. I suppose yon won t object to sleeping natti us here to-mghVnow thata^Iadv has-nct been afraid to do it. with only one arm to defend her? Hie men pocketed IheinBUltimplied, and professed themselves ready to spend nights or days wherevpr duty called them. If the gentlemau aud Mr Blackett thought it better to.gnard the house from the in- Bide than from the- outside. well andgood. They were ther-* to obey orders. " Then 1 11 see Mr Blackett in the course of the day. and let yon know the arrange^ menta later. Toucan leave the keyB With me; 1 will lock up safely." - -u .-••••?• Thev left htm the keys and-departed'to their-homes and breakfasts. JChen Win gate and Nettie enjoyed some^ours of perfect independence and delight: feeding and watering their-horses, rojuningabont the neglected grounds, -wherethey found fresn footprints—unmistakable .woman's footprints—amongst the. matte V>f men's boots in the moist earth, pointing, wt unmistakably to the xeetora 'fsteep-vaUcer.: wandering over the -extraordinary house, and rummaging itB many^BOoke and corners, its Clipboards - and cabinets. Its wondeiful relics of the Tomajifcic past; until they felt so hnngTy tha)tthey"determined' not to waste time going iome to luncheon, but to -make -ehift^with the scraps of the provisionfosket:-" ..-_•- \- -They camped again in the jgre&t; hall sitting on their carriage ^cushions and spreading a clean towel-before thtem on the stone floor. It reminded them, they said, of many a picnic m the beloved bush at home, though it woul dlia ve been hszd to imagine a greater contrast. JThey lifted baggy napkins and «pread .;them open, disclosing curly - cornered c r.Bandwinheq. crumpled pasties, dry iunks-of bread and cieese, with fragments of other .dainties similarly the worse for wear. - Only that Billy enjoyed the -continual-feast of a contented mind. Nettie would -tave expected remarks on -her housekeeping; but -he was satisfied to eat whatever she gave him, and only grumbled because there- was -not enough to drink • " 1 will make some tea, t she said. — I've got a screw left." . Bat he said he wanted something betfcerthan te*. and retrospect!vely -4>egrndged the whisky he h&dwasfced; over-night.- So •he -remembered that «heTiad a medicinal flask in her dressing-tag upstairs, and offered to go andfetchit. ' ,-' "I'll -go." cried Wingate,springing to his feet. " Ton couldn't «nlock the door ith those bitB of hands.-' 'And he tramped owards the stamnse fit .Hie end of the hall, and pounded up flic shallow oak steps o the .gallery., above -.and -the western assage. leading - out aot -.it, ^ranging .us he ent; filling the 'jhouse wlthhollow noises. hen he xe>turned;1tia!>ns liolding a silverounted bottle betaeenfhiB ^eye and the ight.-laughtng discontentedly. - " Well, - yon-*e sa-gucessort -of yonng erson i*- lie oxclauneob - • •— * Am J ?' she replied, And -why ? - - "Tippling on tile'Slttiefcjathis -way. and • ll the time prefcendmgto yourjiusband thatthe-emell ofupiitte imOwfl you,Eick.-- "So it does. '-Whatifere i^ou. talking about?' jjffc This fla_k s em^' It isn't Its^bnittful. ,n -I iiaven't. touched it eince you-filledflit- forme in London.- Wingatesolemnly turnei it upside-down before her ryes. One 'drop only splashed upon the pavament. .-.. i Then someone Iiaslwen at it. bince when j"' • . 1 don't kno«r. -X have -never taken it - out of its pocket since deleft town." " The stopper .was lardly screwed on at alL" Oh dear: I liope it^iasn'tbeen leaking into the bag. "No, I looked to see- The bag as all right. But don't you jteep it looked when you're going about in:-strange places? Tou ought. All those^£tfangs -are sohd, yon know." '-'I will in future." Baid Nettie. - But it's a nuisance. I do hate^not to be able to trust people' • " So do J." said .Wingate. And tbey silently suspected n. .number of honest persons, while Nettie»stp)ve,ko pacify the disappointed one wifcuftiCup of tea. It did not pacifydum,^o they pat the horses to the bnggy~and.returned to the Desailly Axms- where he Prattle a whole bottle of beer and-v^sjumself again. Then Nettie; bathecLand.-Crushed, with stays off and .an empire tea-gown on, spent a pleasant afternoon with. anoveL . .Win- : ;ate, meanwhile-'went.lDslsee Mr Blackett. Mr Martin- theliousekseper at the Dover House, and his late-collBagnethe constable, to.arrange the programme.ior -ihe.iiiglit. Time waB required i for^the doing of . so much busineas and^Jtxs Vfinn was ready to dish up dinner -when ta returned with his report. " It's all right." he said. . ".Walter is hurrying home, but he cant get-iere till late to-night: I don't suppose we shall see him till the morning- Hebas ^telegraphed to Blackett that 1 am tohavea free hand. Dear old fellow: I amthankfiil he knows it wasn't me. at last IjbwillJwstrange to see him after twenty yeaie.sBn&to; see him under these strange circumstasces.- .Ha ib leaving-the boy behind—i?m®lad-of tliat; it would been difSculttortoak ml bis mother before him. and: he might iave hampered us in . onr dealings ywith Mrs George, whom he seemE,like thssaotor; to regard as a persecuted angel, ?apre Jess. By the way. I've done^Jgood^5BtrpkE in I retting him to join our ^ratcihvio^iight. 2e'e awfully interested in jflid InBiness and burning to help—feav«f «bm»e, if sa parish matter in whitihiieis pnmanly concerned. But I toldbimtol»snreand not breathe a word .to the laay^CMudthe mere suggestion of bm^lars^Sd^ghostB,*! anything being the matter, would most injurious to her in her jiiervuus -state. She's not Bleeping any better,%e ®ayB,>J)nk still refuses to see a doctor or4o tove any one in her room. His beinga^yto-night will give her scope for enterpote :»rjo»hall be able to findher ontaiow.if^wewte very carefuL I don't mean to let anyl>o#y»atQh In the garden, to Bcare herac®irl jligive her a chance to do whatever-she jvanis. jfcq. do." Blow us up with dyjianufa^ «aaed Nettie. "Oh, it isnt dynamite he joined confidentially There d be ^uSasense w that. Ifs something that doesn't want to make a noise to atti^p^Uc*BgnJtion= And" —with an exultant.iooV^fold Walter will be here ifejugldy An unusually haartyjiiiine .. . peratively necessaCT;-3oagarytoS:i hour from the dayligjit,'aiidp)y. Mrs, Vfinn had ^ replenishedi t 1 - basket, jtnd- been tnercifpll/i quainted with . Sghtiiig anOexs ready, challenge his rival Across a glimmering pool. -The mystery of -the thick woods to right and left had no jterrora in itj and the old house, when again it loomed above them, was even as the' Melbourne Toi^n Hall to their placid imaginations. They found Mr Martin looking his heels miihe porch, and took- him in' and entertained him, as if the place belonged to them: made him smoke and drink, and eat delicacies provided on purpose for him'out otthe basket, and join in pleasant talk and the telling of adventurous tales; and Wingate fed Abel and the constable with equal hospitality, after the manner of Australian hosts. Then, in good heart and -condition, they mounted the grand staircase in a body and dispersed. themselveB to their respective posts. The rector was put into what used to be Walter's dressing- room, the two men had shakedowns on the passage floor, just outside the door of the large chamber , that hail been Lexie's, which Wingate and .Nettie hadapropriatel . And now this pair felt that the time had come to relax and recruit -themselves after their exhausting day. Wingate. sank into an aim- chair, .in slippers and shirt-sleeves, and lit his pipe. Nettie squatted on the bed. and brushed her hair, and" yawned contentedly. And they amused themselves with plans for renting Xhe Chase—which now. seemed "altogether desirable —'and discussed furniture and domestic arrangements, and how they w»uld have a real Snghsh Christinas in the great hall, and invite all available Australians of their acquaintance to come to it. . "Oh. £ am so tired!" sighed Nettie at. last. So am l,".6&id; Wingate, getting up to Stretch himself. " It's the reaction after so much excitement. Well, we can sleep" in peace to-eight." ' She tumbled into bed, and the heavy lids dropped over her sleepy eyes. He for the last tame stepped t> the sow unlocked door, and, opening it for .an inch, or .two, asked - if they were "all right out there?" All'right,", the three men responded promptly- " Good-night, then. Call me if anything is the matter, but don't make more noise than yon can help. Mrs Wingate is tired- and I don't want her to be disturbed." They bade him good-night, and he extinguished "the candles on. the dressingtable.' In-ten minutes he and-his wife were slnmbering like a pair, ^of healthy infants- They could not have " gone off"' more quickly and soundly if they had taken opiates for the purpose. Nevertheless, Nettie awoke in an hour— suddenly, with an unaccountable sense of shock. Before she was able to think about it. before she opened her eyes indeed, she knew she was hot being roused naturally, but had-been frightened awake by some power of which "her physical senses were not as vet conscious. It was with a heartshaking thrill that she remembered where she was—-the tragical haunted room, and the pale moonbeams that only made it more so—and at the same moment realised that she had been compelled to remember it. While far away-in. dreamland, fancy free, something—something awful—had called her back; she had no doubt about it, even while she did not know what it was, hear ing and seeing- nothing. Her husband calmlv snored beside her, with his head rolled iu~the bedclotnes; he had not felt the presence in the sir and she was powerless to lift hand or voice to stir im.. . Opening her eyes—every other muscle of the body being paralysed with -frightshe looked , into the darkness"straight before her-as with ail instinct for the quar-, v ter whence revelation would come. There was nothing at the foot of the great bed stead- no footboard or-rail, to obstruct her view- but. the moonlight was not strong enough to show her the features of the room immediately. Gradually, however, the main outlines faintly defined .themselves—-the division of wall from ceilr5«r and of panel from panel—until she could see the shape of the recess in which the ; ncture that faced her -was embedded. While her fascinated gaze waB riveted to this obiect, she saw a strange effect of broken lights, or rather of broken shadows, -quivering on and off its surface, which still shone with old varnish; the next instant the picture - was gone I Not altogetner gone, but, as it were, cut in two— the fact being that it had been poshed up -in a groove, as one pushes up the Bash of a window, leaving the lower half of the space void. But not empty. Nettie knew now what it was that had chilled her blood even while she slept. Peering out from the black hole were a pair of eyes —there waa a head belonging to them, but the eyes were all she saw—shining fixedly, like those ofa hungry wild beast watching the time to spring: and it waB at Aer they glared, with more and more ferocious intentnesB as the power of the moon increased, while she lay like a terror-stricken rabbit ia the cage of a boa-cotiBtricfcor. urLBLble to articulate even the little whisper-that would have suffioed. to arouse her mate.. She. knew, the eyes belonged to a man and -not to. a'ghost, and felt snre that she and -Billy were going to be murdered like poor jjexie, as a penalty for meddling with that ghastly house, and that she would oidy precipitate the catastrophe if she epoke or moved. The «y«s and hers confronted each other during a dozen'hammer- strokes of her bursting heart; thena hand became visible, cautiously extended; a head followed, craning to right and left; a-naked foot stole ont of -the picture frame, and groped stealthily for .the . floor. When she saw thaVXfettie-concluded that the end had come. The «pell that had paralysed her faculties seemed to snap and 4xee her, and: she uttered a ringing shriek which was answered by an oath from the mysterious intruder- who had not seen that she was watching him. The sound had jiotdied before Wingate was out of .hed, the rector, Abel Bowe, and the constable, stumbling to their feet, bewildered'and quaking, all at sea for the moment as ^to what had occurred. Then the occupants of the haunted chamber heard bare -feet ^slapping tha floor, the crash of a chair overturned, the'thump of a body against the door,:the rattle of the handle: and Wingate bawled excitedly, vliook ontthere! Stop him! Stop him!" .And-then to the, constable, who had the', revolver. "Don't shoot! Don't shoot! He can't get "out!" .. - Even.as.he spoke the door was flung open, and the fugitive was seen running dovr^L the passage, where a lighted stable lantern -had .been placed for. the night. Two of thegnard, in the condition known -as flabbergasted, looked as if .they, had been knocked backwards and breathless by the flying figure, and were not yet certain if it were flesh and blood or ghost; bnt the «xpression of the rector's fage as he darted? out of his room was even more astonished ^nd astonishing.' AU -three, set ioffin pnr- Buitss fast as their legs could carry them; : ^and attrange -sound it was - in the dead of Uight-^the echo, reverberating far andwide, of that hurry-ekurry through the ^cUow<holiBe,ialong the gallery, and down; ihelBiaSrs^wherethe moon-made^darknesa Visible. * Becanse Nettie held him back,jpraying : juottolbe JeTt alone wiih that iole in the: wall gs&d; its. terrifying'^possibilitieB, Win-; ^rteiclijBotgoior a minuteortwo,bnthe'' «pent'ihatlniniite in helping her into -her. 'dresBing-jgowD, and then they followied the j^ase-Jtogether. , A man in.his pyjama ^mtStfB'^lrfiiady. -dressed -for fiueh -genaes. : " ^ - s^g^:tonffie«raspverwhenih^Bppesired. " " i>f action,-but A^dramaSc; b i it^thwreyes as they'came.intcT ist&e; iie^ of the J^aowninto^aife inS<tlie etable lantern that WinMe ust, sad^only>3ujai;i the middle of the payed floor, sad that face waB the only thing distinct in the vast obscurity. . The three men' round it were shadows "only. Q»e shadow poured wine from . a bottle into a cup, another flitted about with the provision basket; the third presented something to the Rembrandt face, and it opened unshaven'jaws and snatched it wolfishly. " Why, who the dickens is that ?" exclaimed Wingate. *' If s all right, Mr Wingate," the reotor called to him. " If s Mr George Desailly. He was locked in by accident on the day" of the coming of age, he says, and could not get out." "And he's clean starved,", cried Abel Bowe. "There's nothing at.all where his stomach ought to be." " He hasn't been without food for a fortnighty" Wingate whispered to Nettie, as they ran down the etairs together. " And lie could have got out at least thre9 days ago, if ha had liked." " l/ook!" she said breathlessly, and pointed to one of the great hall windows. With the moon behind it . a figure was dimly -visible; a swing of the Btable lantern ehowed a pair of peering eyes and a white. noBe flattened-upon the glass.:' "Mr. Martin," said Wingate, " your guest 4b -walking in her sleep again. She - is • on the terrace there. Go out yery-quietly ee as -jut to startle her, which is bad for sleep-walkeis, and bring her into shelter, will you ? Perhaps she is awake, and looking for her lost husband; if so, you can tell.her .we have found him." v Full of concern for his interesting invalid, the rector bustled towards one of the two archways through which "one passed from the hall to the vestibule and porch. Wingate hurried after him and threw open a leaf of the heavy outer doom. The fresh night came pouring in, and with if the sound of wheels and horses approaching rapidly, not over the grass but along another road reserved for carriages, entered at a gate near the gate of the Dower House. The master had arrived. (Te 6< 