Pare well Social to Rev* J. Goudtc. Tiikur was a vary largo gathoriug, and ono thoroughly representative of tlio various deuo iiiinatioiia in liowral, which assembled in the Association Hall, liu-.vr.il, on Thursday evening to bid farowoll to the Rov. James Goudio (Pres byterian) and Mrs. Goudio, prior to tlicir leav ing this district for Carconr. Tho chair was occupied by Mr. T. Dnmvoodio, and tho Rev. Boswoll Berry (Moss Vale) deliv ered the opening prayer. Tho chairman's spoech was very briof. Tho mooting that night was to bid farewell to Mr. Gotidio after eight yours' labors'in this chargo. Tho Rev. A[. H. Parkinson (Wusloyan), said ho wondered why ho was present thatovon ning, not having known Mr. Goudio, vory long, but what ho had known of him was of a vory pleasant character, and 011 bohnlf of tho Woa lej'an Ohurcli ho was very sorry Mr. Goudio was leaving tho district. It was not possiblo for a minister to please two masters ; but how was it possible to plaso a hundred masters and mis tresses especially whon no two of thoin agreed, llo was not going to say that t.ho timo was very near whon they would bo all 0110 church, and ho was not going to work for it. While tho churches had distinctive flags, they all had 0110 Ensign. Ho concluded a vory humorous speech by extending tho boat wishes of tho Wesloyan church to Mr. and Mrs. G-oudio in their now sphere of labor, and wished them God- speed. Tho Rov. G. D'Avcy-Imne said that tho.y seemed to bo breathing an air of sadness tint evening, and it was not unnatuir.1 that it should bo so, and yet their regrets bccauso tho Rov. Jam?a' Goudio and his good wife woro going away should bo toinpa rod by a fellow fooling with tho Carconr Presbyterians who wcro glad in tho prospect ot having Mr. Goudio ns their minister. IIo was sure that it Mr. and Mrs. Goudio wished at any time to revisit for a fnw wcoks' change this sceno whore somo seven or eight years of their lifo had been spent, there would be inany homos including his own open to llum. They would not say as a countryman of his and of Mrs. Gmidie's was reported to have said, " If you ever coine within a mile of ray house, I hopo you will stay there."- Their guest that night was a minister of a great church. Tho churoh-. of John Knox and of Calvin, of Chalmers and Guthrie, and the Raintod MeCheyno. If tho forces, for rightooup nehH which ha I flowed through tho Prosliylorian Church were removod from the earth tlioy would know the difference, and there would bo many gaps, if. from the armies and hosts of tho redeemed in Paradiso, those who on earth had boon Presbyterian. Christians wore removed. There was a matter ho , would give expression to at that meeting. Ho.roferrod to tho many divisions in tho family of those who. bore the Christian name. They, wore all believers in the Father, tho Son, and tho Holy Ghost. They all accepted the main facts concerning the Saviour of the world, as they were, expressed in the creed' called the Apostles' Creo-1. Surely if the Apostlo. St. Pauh wore to visit some country town in say N.S.W., while he would rejoice because of-the broth*, erly feoling' ministers and many of tlmir peoplo had for one another, ho would grieve over their outward divisions an 1 nsed-. le.-.sly multiplied sepnrnte chnrnh organisation^. 1'ho timo would oome if-- the Lord nhonUrdclfiy his glorious coming, whon tho. evil ho had npokan of would, bo lessened. In. tljo meantime, if tl;oy nyist have dividing wall3, lot;them bo !o\y enough for the JTK. a a A a aaaaaaaaaa/VAAAAa people to shako hands across, lie would add His prayers to thopo of his fellow-Christians among the Presbyterians tliat it would please Got] (o send them a pastor as faithful as had been hit) friend tha ltuv. James Goudic. 'i'lin liev. Ij. Hurd (Primitivo Methodist) said tha harmony of the sooial and spiritual lifo of Bowral had been broken by the remov.i/ of Mr. Gtfiidio from Bowral. He was in tlio unfoitunato position of knowing very little about Mr. (tmidic during his Rtay in tho distriot, but that little showed him to be a splendid man, and well osteemed, not only in his own church, but in every other church. Ilo hoped tho one to lill hisplacowonM be as worthy a man. Mr. Irvine had remnvkod about tho great divisions of tho churoh. liut lie (Mr. Hurd) did not think i they wero divided by a very great b.irrier. Thoy may bo divided into various sections, but thoy woro seeking to sorvo the ono grand eternal father. He had not had the priveledgo of meeting Mis. Goudio, but from what he had heard of her lie bolieved it was his loss. Ho was sorry ho had not known more of Mr. mid Mrs. Goalies and concluded by wishing tlinm well in their now field of labour. i'ho Jicv. Hoswell l)?rry {Moss Vnlo Presbyterian) said ho had oonie ihero to bid faruwell to Mr. and Mrs. Goudie. He had known them nearly 11 years, and tho more ho had known thorn tho more ho oa teomed them. lie know Mr. Goudio first on tho other Rido of tho world ; came out in tho same ship with him ; nnd they both worked in tho samo dis trict in this colony at tho commoncemenl of their ministry hero; and had for tho past eight years beon stationed close to Mr. Gnudio-only nino tnilos oil at Moss Yalo. Thus for years past they had worked closely togotlier. Ho wished Mr. and Mrs. I Goudio God's blossing on their labors in tho Carcor district, and was sure the people would bo glad to again see them at no distant date. ! MY. \V. 13. Oudfroy, of Miittagong, was briof in his remarks. Anything ho could say about Mr Goudio would bo liko painting tho lily. Good wine, as thoy know, tieodod no bush. Tho Bowral pooplo know Mr. Goudio bettor than ho did, h'once there was no neod for him at thai late hour to take up thoir timo furthur than to wish Mr. and Mrs. Goudio God-apcod. I Tho Rov. Jamos Goudio, in reply, s.iid ii was most gratifying to Mrs. Goudio and him j sotf to recoivo such a manifestation of tho good will and ostoem of tlio pcoplo of Bowral. Ho hiid no hesitation in saying that it was well do sorvod' on lior part, but not on his. It would bo a stimulus to him to work more earnestly for tho Mastor, and ho would cherish tlio memory of that evening in futuro days. Ilo was loaving tho Bowral district with j ininglod feelings- of regret, and; trusted God would soon send someone h'jro to carry on His work with greater zeal. H,o felt almost flatter ed with; tho. kind words from the members of the othoi-'ohiirchoa, and, said, ho- was. hardly able to roaliso that it was himself that was being referred to that evening. it would certainly inspiro.hiin to bo moreearnest in. his work for tho Master. Mr. Goudio went on to say that it had always bnen a source of ploasuro for him to, work with- the. representatives of tho other churches in any district where he hart bo- placed. During- his oight years aiay here, he had seen a change of, ministers in oaeh of the other churches; Two woro rooent ar rivals. Ho hifihly esieeinpil all the mombers of the. ministry, and said that these meetings must have tho effect of drawing them closer to oaeh other, and to tlio Master. Of Mr. Irvine he had ha.l longer experience, and stated that that gentleman posscsn otl much Christian feeling. Ho wis gla l to sea tho barriers bet,weon the olmrches gradually falling, en nbling tho ohmrhcs to band together bettor agninbi tho forces of ovil. Thus they would fool that they wore oo-workers with God. He thon referred to tho church he was diicotly associated with, and said t lint his relationship with tho local members had lioen of a cordial eharnator. They had not fallen out. Ho waa not of a belligerent spirit, ho was dis poned to pence. It was nioc to- loave a distriot whero ho had worked for eight years with tlio best feeling. Ho was Rind to say ho was. leaving his church moro visiblo-thnt is to say, buildings had; been erectod in which to worship God. Ho con cluded by again expressing his feelings of gratitude for that evening's manifestation of good will and estenm to Mis. Goitdie and himself. (Applause.) Thoro was nil excellent varied programino of music during the ovoning. Tho players and' singors worn enthusiastically applauded for the cxiiuisito delight their efforts gave. A fooling nf sympathy porvnded tho wholo mooting. Tlio following programme was rendered :-Mr. H.. E. Wiokham sang "My Queen." Pianoforte solo, Mrs. Loveridgo and Miss Rood. Song,. "Tho L^vo Timo," Miss Annio Jones. Song,, "Tho (light of ages/' Mr. (3. D. Hamilton.. Mr. E. A. Pidcock's three organ solos wero n gouuiuo treat. Song, Mrs. Mitchell. Duet (piano and violin). Miss Rood and Mr. H.. Flack. Song, Miss Ethol Campbell, " Dream. Facos." Miss Adkins ossayod to rocito " Tho Actor's Baby," and made a commoueomont, but through indisposition had to rotire to tho disap pointment of all. Mr. W. Allordice specially pleased his Scotch friiuds by singing "Duncan-. Gray "and "Ranting Ilobin." Another duct (piano and violin) by Miss Rood and Mr. Flack. Refreshments woro handed round by. many willing helpers, and friendly intercourse- made things vory pleasant. A vote of thanks to tlio promoters of tho social, to fch0R0 who holpod: hand n.uud the refreshments, and to Mr. II, E. Jones for his kindness in. lending tho hall, was. carried by hearty acclamation oil tho motion of Messrs. D. Rutherford and J. Holmes. Tho singing of a vorso of " Aukl LangSyno"' in Scotch stylo brought a pleasant evening to av closo about 11 o'clock. 