. Chapter XXVL—(Continual.) 7th, Knockminoss, Youghal. : \- . . _ Breathing apace at last 1 The last entry, in my diary was written in my own room in the hospitalin London. I open it to night in a brief half-hour of leisure to continue its history once more here, under the roof of the man I count my bitterest enemy. How has it all come about? Let me bo accurate in every detaO. Much may one day depend on these notes of mine. The 6th broke cold and wet. It was a bank holiday, and the streets wore that dismal look which such weather and disgusted pleasure seekers alone can bestow. I took a look at the drenched gowns and dripping umbrellas, and • bedraggled skirts and melancholy feathers as I passed to my morning duties. I had been a brief time in the ward when one of the sisters came to me with ,a telegram in her hand. .. . "For you, Sister Gray," she said. It was such an unusual thing that I took the J little . brown envelope with some trepi dation. I tore it open and read this mes sage— ' • _ ".Nell very ill. Fever. Fear the worst. Am ill myself; can do nothing more. Come at once; at once. * ! " Maky Langrtshe." I stood there holding that little bit of paper in my hand like one dazed. Then I muttered some excuse to the sister in charge, and regard less of rules, fines, everything, I rushed to the matron's room and poured out my breathless request. With or without permission I must go at once, that very day, to Ireland. Nell dying. My bright, pretty, merry Nell! I felt sick and broken-hearted as I read those words. ■. ' : I don't know what I said to, the matron,brit I suppose I made it clear that the message was urgent and that go I must. ... The permission was granted. Indeed, had it been refused I should have left all the same. • I took the 6.30 train from Eu3ton,_ caught the mail' at Kingsbridge next morning, and was in Youghal the same afternoon. 1 took a car and drove straight to Knockminoss. The man did not drive through the town, but turned round past the other side of the station and drove along a straight dusty road till he reached a hilL He drove up this hill, and on arid on for what seemed to me a long timel Then we reached a lodge, and he informed.me : that I was at my destination. A woman came . to the gate; my parched lips tried to frame an enquiry,1 but failed for very terror of what-the answer might be. Wo drove down an avenue; thickly planted with trees, then came a wide open space, showing the sea fair and smiling in the distance, and before me was the hqriso as Nell had described it. I sprang , from the car and rang the bell. I bade the man put down by small Gladstone bag and' modest trunk, and paid him his fare. A. servant came forward and stared when she. saw me. She wa3 a stupid-looking girl, with untidy • black hair rolled about, her head and a not too clean apron over her black dress. _ • 'I am the nurse, I said. "I was tele graphed for. \yill you take me to Mrs. Langrishe'srooih ?' J"Will ye plaze step in, miss," she said opening the door of thevdining-room. "I'll tell the masther, miss. No one is allowed go near, the mistress but himself." I went: into rthe room and stood by the window, looking ont in-an "agony:'of fear and impatience. Presently.: I heard a . step.. X . turned and saw James Langrishe. ■ His face, ' as he saw me confronting himj • turned perfectly livi(J. If he had seen a ghost he could not have looked more terrified. • " My God !J You!, How , did yon come here ?" he gasped. _ ' . 7 • ■ "Didn't you expect me?' I said. "Your wife telegraphed for me. 'Nell is very ill,' she said. I came at once." 77 " My wife," he stammered. "My wife telegraphed for you? There must be some mistake." ' ..■ "Here is the message," I said, handing him the telegram, which I had kept in my. pocket ever since I received it. 1 He read it and his face grew savage. ' "I was not told," he said. "I know nothing. I wouldn't have sent for ybu if I had needed n nurse." _ v — . : "Probably not,"-I said. "But it-was: my friend I camo to nurse, not you. How is she?' _ ■ . "It has turned to typhoid," he said sullenly. "I can't give an opinion yet." "And Mrs. Langrishe?'I asked. \- "The bad symptoms began yesterday. I suppose she felt ill and wired to you the day before. I knew nothing about it. " She never told you !' I saidbreathlessly. ; "Haven't! said so? It's devilish odd, I think she: must have gone off her head. She has been very queer. She hasn't slept since Miss Nugent was taken ill" ; 7 "May I go and see them since I am .here?" , I said quietly. • *7 - '7 : " Of course," he "said hastily.. "Why not. It's no business of mine.. Indeed if s a great relief to have someone - to look after them. I liad intended sending to Cork for a nurse. The parlormaid is ill, too—same thing I'm afraid. People are getting scared. There are a lot of cases in the town." 1 7-''7 ,-;7' '.':77 v _ He spoke in a jerky nervous way, moving, restlessly to and fro at the time. His eyes" never met mine. ; I thought his maimer very odd. But perhaps I put it down to some rem nant of' unforgotten sentiment. A woman never believes that a man who has once loved ber ever quite forgets her. > -- •' I showed no embarrassment whatever, though I felt I liad come to his house in a very inopportune fashion. I was.puzzled to know why his wife should have telegraphed for me without his knowledge. However, I put it down to some urgent request of Nell's, which she had carried out before succumbing to the', fever. ..7 "Will you take both cases?'he asked ma suddenly. "Yes," I said. "lam used to hard work. Iknow every stage of this fever. I have nursed scores of . cases already. Are they in adjoining rooms?"'", -7; " No, that's impossible." "It must be managed," I said. "Surely you know that ?' Miss Nugent is better. She doe3 not need so much care as my wife. Their rooms'are divided by a passage." ' • . . . "I will see them," I said, "and then make my arrangements. Kindly lead the way." • He took me up a broad staircase, which -led to a long carpeted corridor. Several doors opened on this corridor. He opened one and lying on the pillows—a wasted haggard object; —was Nell. I stopped by the door to gain composure. I was afraid of disturbing her. She seemed in a state of sleepy exhaustion j : her eyes were closed, but she was muttering softly to herself. - : j .. I went over and studied her attentively for a few moments. ' \ ■ The room had been cleared of hangings and superfluous furniture. There was the familiar scent of disinfectants everywhere. . . -7: I touched her hand. It . was burning hot Her head turned restlessly on the pillows. 'T' leant over her and whispered her name. She paid no heed. She kept muttering something over and over again. "Is it locked up? ■ Oh"i is it locked up ?' That was what I heard. 7'--■ " You have attended her entirely yourself ?' I asked Dr. Langrishe, as 1 moved aw'ay froth, the bedside. . "Of course," he said.sharply. ,■■■ 'fMy col leagues hero are not more skilful thftn I am, and . I did not, think it necessary to have a London physician over." I passed over the sneer without observa tion. "I should like to see your wife'next," I • said.' ' 7 He turned and I followed him into a beauti fully-furnished bedroom, with two windows looking seawards. The curtains- of - the rbed were draped French fashion from a gilt crown fixed in the ceiling. They were of delicate, pink covered with filmy lace and shrouded the haggard wasted face of the sick womantin ghastly contrast to, herself. My first glance showed me she was very ill. .'7" "Howmany days?'I asked quietly. '' " To-morrow will be the sixth- from the first symptoms. She would not acknowledge she was ill." 7 " ■ " You should not have allowed her to nurse Miss Nugent," I said sharply; "especially, if she was in bad-health at the time." . . . . , , " How do you know she was in bad health ?7 he asked, with a furtive glance at my face. ■ "My friend told me in one of her letters.".: "She was very well," he said insolently, "As well as she has ever been. But she is a. fanciful woman and a headache will knock hei .over." " Where dees that door lead to?".I asked, pointing to another one that opened out of the bed chamber. " That is my dressing-room." "May I see it?' I enquired. - "Certainly," and he led the way again and threw open the door. It was a fair-sized room, very plainly fur nished. It had a wide square window, also looking to the sea. .A couch stood before it. In the opposite corner was a low iron bed stead. The furniture was oompleted by ' a mahogany wardrobe, a shaving-glass and tabls combined, a marble-topped washstand," and a couple of ohairs. " You use'this room at present ?" I said. " Of course. She had had very bad nights, -v:- ; 7" I haver watched - her -' for the first half and Hannah the" parlormaid would: then, take my place, but she has broken down to-day." : I. considered for a few moments. Then I said— - "I should propose to move Miss Nugent into this. room. I will then have the two patients under my eye. Is there-.another bed room into which you could move?" • ; ■ Of course^''he said.. "There is the spare room at the end of the passage. I shall be within call." But do you think it advisable to move your friend ?" "I do," I said-quietly. " And I must have all this fantastio drapery and hangings re moved. Can you send anyone to assist me?' "The housemaid has left," he said. "Got scared. Hannah has gone to the Fever Hospital. The woman who admitted you and the stablemen are the only servants." I thought that for such an imposing-looking establishment it seemed singularly destitute of domestics. But I was not going to raise objec tions at such, a time. A crisis was at hand and: I heeded all my nerve and. coolness.' I -knew I was strong enough to do the work of two nurses with very little outside assistance, : aud surely in a day or two he would be ablo to get someono to help with the household. , " Please send that woman up," I said, and I removed my-cloak and bonnet and hung them on a rail in the. outer corridor, x He went downstairs, and in a; few minutes the untidy creature who had admitted me appeared. 1 gave her my orders, and she brought steps and dusters and brush as I desired, and in a very short time I had the' fripperies and i fantasies stripped from Mrs. Langrishe'sroom, I the square of carpet raised and removed, tbe! boards sprinkled with carbolic, and the inevit-1 able drenched sheets .waving to and fro in a i current of fresh pure air. .1 The dressing-room wanted very little ar- I rangement, only the'removal of the carpet and 1 the placing the bed in a different position. 1 The couch, a deep- padded Chesterfield, I in tended to use for myself. • I then bade the servant remove her master's 1 . belongings to the spare room, and get that 1 ready for his use. . ... While she was doing this I examined the medicinal bottles on the table beside Mrs. Langrishe.- They were unlabelled. Evidently j her husband made them up himself. One was a small bottle marked "Drops," on which a 1 strip of paper was pasted, marking, by little notches, each dose. I smelt this. "Morphia," I thought to myself, and then looked at the sleeping woman. She was in a heavy stupor 1 now. She seemed to breathe with difficulty. I did .not like her appearance at all, and for many more days she must battle with this hateful-disease ere a change could bo expected. Would she ever have the strength ? A3 there was nothing to be done for her at present I returned to Nell. . . 1 Still restless, still muttering, unconscious and unrecognising. There was no doubt that 1 she was very seriously .ill. I had seen too 1 : inany cases of this horrible fever not to recog-1 nis8 at a glance it3 virulent or mild forms. 1 But she was young, and had lived quietly and restfully now for nearly - a year. Surely, j nature and I could pull her through, if God so willed. j \- . , ; (To be continued.) I 