A QUEER STORY. [Written (or The Clipper by the author of 'Driven Through Hades,' ' The Black Forty,' eto., etc, nud compiled from statements made aud evidence given by certain pereonB interested in the Issue.! DbTECTIVE BEBEILt's CASE. That was about all I could illicit from the girl. She had worked there over a month, and the daily monotony knew no variation. Con siderably mysterious all this, and becoming- more and more int^rnof. ing. Well it was going to be a devil of a case. I could see that from the jump. I never had a oase yet which, oommencing fair at first, did not tumble up before long. Now it was evident that the woman who called herself Mrs. Macnamara was the gaoler of the other woman, whose initials were evidently BJ. They may not have been her ini tials, but we must start with a theory, and if wrong, go back and begin again with a fresh one. A story without a theory is a yarn without a thread, and no case at all. I began by using the lover theory therefore. Now he had at last quarrelled with the dead woman so seriously that he had knifed her. That was the man who wore the boots with the pointed toes. The man with the clump soles was tis mate, and was waiting somewhere m hub Buaaow ror mm. Then there had been a scuffle, the light had gone out, and he, seeing another woman— SarahClements— hurrying across the yard, had naturally con cluded something was wrong. Then he ran over to assist his friend, and had arrived just as the murderer had escaped by the window. He was the lover beyond a doubt, and he had slipped across to the house opposite. His friend seeing the state of affairs, made himself scarce also. Then the lover seeing his sweetheart locked in, called to her and she had smashed open the door with the fire bar. And now they were all off. So far so good. A great mystery blown to the winds. All plain sailing on a smooth:* sea. The very worst kind of 'tWuieB to formulate are those which come so close to the truth that they al most fit it to a nicety, for they are like a half liar. A half liar is a person who raizes up fact and fic tion in such a manner that one never knows where the truth be gins and the romance ceases. So it is with a theory which very nearly hite the truth. It gets a fellow right on a line parallel to the very track he wants to follow, and gradu ally and very surely takes him off by a half circle away from it, until he finds he is*bgged andcompletely done for. J But I reflected as I pieced my story bit by bit together tbat I had now the niifJiim nf fVtA «,u«i_ _«? ? The facts for me to follow were : rirstly, who were these people? Answer unknown. Secondly, what were they there for P Equally am biguous, yet not altogether hopeless The younger one had been en veigled there by the elder, and then locked up to keep her out of reach of her lover. He was a commer cial traveller, and he might be a man of means. Obiect? Black mail of course. Not an impossible case at all. Thirdly, wby did he murder her? Object at present unkuown, but it may be tbat he having made many fruitless efforts to illicit tbe truth from her, had been goaded into a fury of rase bv her, and had struck her downT But if such was the case, how did he know where the girl was concealed? Ihere would be no necessity for violence in euoh a thing. Now here was a fourth query, and a very important one. Was the murderer the person who entered the house and rescued the girl P If so, where was the motive for murder P , That to my mind opened a new and wide field for speculation. It could not be he. Then it must have been his friend. He may have not been a real friend after all, but an accom plice of- the woman, and used as a kind of decoy duck to bring the commercial traveller there to see her. He could easily have kept out of sight of course, and on tbiB even ing had probably seen the struggle. He would of course come to the rescue to prevent anything happen ing, for it would not do to have a police court case just then, and up on reaching the room and discover ing that his paramour hud been murdered, had rushed across the yard and gone off with the girl to further deepen the already myste riouB case. But then the door. The woman had locked it and taken the key ont, for Constable Stewart said that she gave it to him to open the door with when he entered the house. Per haps another door key would opeu that door. I went back again to the house. The body had been removed, but tbe police still held possession. I removed the key irom the room below and tried it in tbe lock above. It opened easily. Very good. That much was ac counted for. He had taken the kfiv from the room below and opened the other door with it. Then he had locked it for greater security. Here I made another discovery. The person who bad trodden upon the candle was the only one who had left the room by die doorway, for there were most distinct marks of candle-grease crushed in his foot prints upon the landing. Now it was most probable that the person who had trodden on the oandle was tbe actual murderer. For the other would not stay very long in the room, and it was only presumptive to suppose that in the struggle he had trodden upon it. Why cer tainly, and indeed it was so, forotie of tbe shoes of the murdered wo man also bore traces of candle-wax. So therefore, he who committed the deed had left the room by the door, and he who had come after him had left it by tbe window. There fore the woman had locked up the second man, and not the first. This was a preposterous theory in the face of such palpably plain evi dence as I had before me, and I re jected it at once. Yet faote bore it out, and the more I looked it over the worse and more tangled did it appear. They opened tbe'finquest, and after taking the evidence the coro ner found that there was sufficient to satisfy all demands and require ments of the law as far as he was concerned, so binding the witnesses over to appear when called upon, uo uireciea tue jury to find a ver dict of wilful murder against some person or persons unknown, which they accordingly did. I continued my investigations, and taking up the thread upon the theory I had formulated, found my task a very straightforward one, and indeed bearing all the promise of a long chase, bnt with a certain ending. A man coming home in the rain on the night of the murder informed the office that he had seen just snch a person as the murderer was described to be washing dirt or stains from a light, overcoat at a street tap. He noticed him par ticularly, for he was in the full light of a lamp, and there could be no mistake. Then again, the pro prietor of a sixpenny restaurant in King-street told me of tbe fellow's viBit to that place on his way to catch the Albury traiD. Inquiries at the railway station, however, failed to illicit any further infor mation, and alike fruitless were my messages to the border town; Tbon came the news that such a man dis guised in a heavy overcoat with a cape had dined at Antonio's in Flinders-street. So his story of catching tbe train to N.S.W. was but a subterfuge. Quite likely enough. I never believed it from the first, but rather inclined to the theory of his remaining in the oity. The evening paper published a fancy portrait of the man drawn from description, and a remarkably good portrait it was, too. It was quite a familiar face to me, and tbe more I locked at it the more familiar it became. I tried to per suade myself tbat it was but a pass ing fancy, but somehow it held me with a haunting reflection that the person was not unknown to me. And then came a startling dis covery. I was standing in the bar of Phair's Hotel in Collins-street, when I was accosted by the teller of one of the banks, who held a copy of the paper in his hand. His face wore a very puzzled expression, and seeing that he wished to say some thing to me in private, I drew him aside and entered into conversation with him. He spread the news paper in front of us on the table, and placing his finger upon the il lustration, asked me if I recognised tne race. ' It is well drawn,' I said, ' and a good descriptive illustration.' ' But does it not strike yon as being familiar ?' ' To a certain extent, yes. But one forms one's own ideas of such a face you know. That is the artist's idea, and a good one I'll admit, but it may be as far off the actual ongininal as you or me.' 'Well, of course,1 he continued with some hesitation, ' I'll own you are a hatter tsritic upon such a subject than I am, but — well — look here old man — you know Tony Grahame ?' I almost sprang to my feet in astonishment at the discovery. Tony Grahame. Yes of course I knew Touy. Why, his was the face which had dimly haunted my mind's eye all the' time. But Tony ! The idea was ridiculous and I hastened to assure him that it was. 'Look here, Berrill,' he persisted, ' I'm not the sort of a man to agi tate these things as you well know. But where is Tony ?' 'I don't know — at home I suppose — or about somewhere,' I answered. ' Is he though P He came into the bank yesterday and drew out fifty pounds in gold, telling me he was going up country upon some private commissions and might be gone a month.' ' Did he ?' I said dreamily, and then a sudden thought occurring, 'How was he dressed when he called?' ' In a travelling tweed overcoat with a cape, and he wore a cap.' ' Strange. That was the way the murderer was said to be attired. How did he look ?' ' Well ho looked as if he'd only just come off a heavy drinking bout, and when I twitted him with the resemblance furnished by the de scription he seemed to be awfully put about, and fidgetted out of the bank. Why you yourself were there at tbe time !' ' I was, that is true. Bnt all this is mere supposition theory. I will see Tony this evening myself if he is about.' It certainly was strange. I called at his lodgings and found that he had left at daylight to catch tbe train for Albury. That went at 6 o'clock, aud four hours later he was at the bank. Then there were the other episodes all running concurrently and furnish ing several links of a chain. What the devil did it mean ? I yvaB angry with myself for harboring such suspicious, which would riBe, in spite of all efforts to keep them in check. Then bis employers re ceived a letter from him in Goul bourn stating tbat he intended to work tbe district upon private commissions, he being due for bis annual vacation, and was deter mined to combine business with profit both to himself and the firm. Well I was thankful for that any^ . ? i? -.-.??.? -. . — ? m way, for It loqkf d p}l ;-►)»«» *ttiJW 1 I wrote to erary likely town I 1 pould think of for hi.m,bu-i in vain, I The Sydney police could :gire me ? no information either. A fortnight I passed and my investigations led to 1 no palpable result. The newspapers 1 began to sneer, and would-be funny A persons wrote letters pointing -£ I the heavy pplioe ' reteB paid for 1 nothing at all; Eept us aii orna- 1 ments they considered, and as it I was not usual for the .useful and I ornamental to be combined— at 1 least in the police foroe— and so on. I They raked up the Morning Star I Lane mystery all over again loo I aud abused us all round. Another I case was claiming my attention I when one day something peculiar I occurred. I I was busy in the muBter-room I when the officB clerk told me that 1 a woman wanted to see me. Upon II going out I found that it was Mrs. 1 Lorton, the mother of the girljj| Susannah, who had been in the 1 service of the murdered woman./ I ' Well, Mrs. Lorton,' I said' I pleasantly, ' how are you this even? 1 ing? Want to aee me ?' I 'Not very well, sir, these ,'ere I are trying times I can assure you I But I did want to aBk you toisee I me, sir, and 1 knew you'd neverie- I fuse.' V I ' Certainly, ma'am ; what can; I I do for yon ?' 1 ' Well, it ain't me. vou see. fa if, I my girl Susan as I come to you ^M about.' 1 ^M ' Well and what's tap with Sosal H pray.' J H ' She's not at all well, sir. Carry*. ^M ing on afeard like, and I had to get ^| Mrs. Jones from next door to stort ^| with her while I ran up here.' ' ^M ' What's she afraid of ?' ? ' Well, sir, this is the eeoond time H she s seen it.' ^M ' Seen what — a ghost ?' '? ^M ' Yes, sir, that's just it. I can't H get it out of her head nohow. H She s seen the ghost of that woman H Mrs. Macnamara, as she was at H service with up in the graveyard fl you know.' ^B 'Oh nonsense. The poor creature's H six foot deep.' j^H 'Yes, sir, But my Susan ehe B was ever a frightened girl. She H were coming home with a wash H bundle night afore last and sweare H she seen the woman Rtanrlino' oiao.. ^1 under a gas lamp at the corner of H Victoria-street and Stephen-street. H I told her she was a fool and H knocked it out of her head some- H what, but to- night she seen her H again, and this time she made cock- H sure, for she walked right up to H her and looked right in her face.' H ' I'll go with yon and aee the H girl, said I, wondering what it all' ^1 meant, and accompanied her home H accordingly. ^1 Susanab was thpre looking ? frightened enough. Her face was ? pale and drawn and she was visibly ? nervous. She told me the same ? tale as her mother. ^fl ?Come come, Susan,' I said trying V to rouse her, 'you must not entertain ? fancies like these. It is some aoci- ? dental resemblance. How was ehe H dressed— in a winding sheet p' ^1 ' Oh no, sir,' replied the girl ,H shuddering, 'not a bit like that. !? bhe was dressed in a brown alpaca IH skirt and black jacket with a fur ? collar. A small black bonnet with {? red flowers, and she seemed to be IH waiting for someone.' ^M 'Did you leave her standing in H the place where you saw her.' H '1 looked back 'and she went H quickly over to Rathdowne-etreet. H bhe walked up it a little way and H then went into a cottage.' ^B 'Could you show it to me P' H 'Yes, sir; I'll g0 with you if you H ' Very well, come with your ^| mother and point it out to me, and ^M then I'll see if I can lay the spirit ^M for you. But you mustn't expect ^M me to arrest a ghost you know. ^M It's rather a new experience this is ^M for me, but I suppose I must ^M tackle it.' ? (To he continup,H.\ ?? 