Sitxtmtb §j}xrmok A man never knows what be can do till he doesn't get the chance. Scribbler — 'Does your wife laugh at your jokes in the paper f Punster— 'Yea, but only on. pay-day. 'I met that girl face to face last night,' said Cbolly. ' How did sue stand the shock F' asked De G ruffe. 'When we say that wisdom is better than rubies, we generally mean our own wisdom and other people's rubies. Often enough a man gets credit for having sense enough to say nothing, when the truth ia that he hasn't sense enough to say anything. ' Your wife gave us a Bplendid lecture on cooking last evening. Why weren't* you there ? 'I was home with a terrible attack of dyspepsia.' Griggs— 'Strange thingr, Mirandy; every time you draw a breath somebody dies.' Mrs. Griggs— ' Well, I ain't going to Btop breathing on that account' Reporter — 'That feHow who wanted his name kept out of the paper called' in to-day. Ob, be was mad !' Editor— 'What about T' Rejjorter — 'It seems we kept it out.' The Colonel— 'So poor old Mike has com mitted suicide, has he. Well, I should have thought that would have been the last thing he'd have done.' Tenant—' Which it were, BOr.' Doctor — 'I am exceedingly proud of the fact, Miss Chips, that since I have been in practice 1 have not lost a single patient.' Miss Chips— 'How sad, doctor. And will the poor people never get better ?' Ho— 'According to the theory of reincar nation, I am doing now just the opposite of wlittt I did in n»y previous life.' Candid Friend— 'I suppose in your previous existence you were always lending money.' ' Yea, sir, I know one woman who can keep a secret.' 'Please explain.' 'My wife and I have been married for ten years now and she has never yet consented to tell me how it is that she is always in need of money.' 'Ah, dearest,' sighed a young man, 'do you know what of all things is nearest to my heart ?' ' Really, I cannot say,' she replied, ' but in this cold weather I should think it was a flannel vest.' She waa too practical and it broke off the engagement. Papa — 'I'm surprised that you are at the foot of your class, Tommy. Why aren't you at the head Eometiincs, like little Willie Bigbee?' Tommy — 'You see. papa, Willie's got an awful smart father and I guess he takes after him.' Bacon — 4 ' Let me shake your hand, dear boy. ? This is one of the happiest dtys of your life.' Egbert — ' You're too previous, old man. I'm not to Iks married until to-morrow.' B.icon— ' That's what I say. This is one of the liap piest days of your life.' Teacher— 'Now, do you see the difference between animal instinct and human reason ?' Bright boy — 'Yes. If we had instinct we'd know everything we needed to without learn ing it ; but we've got reason and have to study ourselves almost to death or be a fool.' 'What brought you to this place, my good friend 5' enquired a visitor at the prison of a convict. 'A mere matter of opinion got me here, sit' 'Impossible!' 'No, sir, I ex pressed the opinion that I was innocent and ! the jury expressed the opinion that I wasn't. It's a hard world, sir.' ' I am tired to death, ' declared Mrs. Young ? husband, as she reached home from town the other evening. 'What's the matter?'' asked her husband. 'Been having the baby's por trait taken. They Dave a way of taking them instantaneously now, you know.' 'How long were you at it?' 'Three hours and a half,' A burglar who was doing a neat job on a large safe was horrified on looking up to see a man standing quietly beside him. He was about to retire when the gentleman said— I 'Go ahead, I am interested in this job.' ] ? ' Why ?' asked the astonished burglar. ' Be- ! cause I have lost the key. If you can gel that safe open I will make it worth your while.' Friend — ' ' So yours was a case of love at first sight?' Mrs. Lovejoy — 'Yes, indeed. I fell ] desperately in love with my dear husband the ' \- moment I set eyes upon him. I remember it all as distinctly as if it were yesterday. I was walking with papa on the promenade at Brighton, when suddenly papa Btopped and pointing him out said — 'There, my dear, is a man worth £50,000.' ' A story is told of a, shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the public-house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten him on his way boms. 'Who are you?' said the guid raan as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush.' 'I am Auld Nick' was the reply. ' Come awa', man,' said John, 'gie's a shake of your hand. I'm married to a sister of yours.' Tramp (to editor, who ia hurrying past)— 'Sir, couldn't you help me a little, please V I gave you a helping hand once.' Editor— 'What do you mean, fellow ?' Tramp— ' Dou't you remember that burglary by Jim Crackitt and bis pals some years ajroY' Editor — 'Yes.' Tramp — 'And how your reports of it just 6ct the Howler's circulation a boomin'f Editor— ' Yes.' Tramp— ' Well, I'm Jim.' A man strolled into a fashionable church ' just before the Bervice began. The sexton fol lowed him up and tapping him on the shoulder and pointing to a small cur that bad followed him into the sacred edifice, said— 'Doge are not admitted.' 'That's not my dog,' re plied the visitor. 'But he follows you.' 'Wellj so do you.' The sexton growled and immediately removed the dog with unneces sary violence. At a school in the country the sentence 'Mary milks the cow' was given out to bo parsed. The last word was disposed of as follows: — 'Cow is a noun, feminine gender, singular number, third person, and stands for Mary.' 'Stands for Mary !' said the excited pedagogue; 'how do you make that out?' 'Because,' answered the the intelligent pupil, ' if the cow didn't stand for Mary, how could Mary milk her f 'I will bet you a bottle of wine that you ' shall descend from that chair bafore I ask you twice.' 'Doue,' said the gentleman, who ; * seemed determined not to obey the summons i- so obediently. 'Comedown.' 'I will not,' .; was the reply. 'Then stop till I ask you a second time.' The gentleman, having no ?;. desire to retain his good position till that period, caifae down from the chair, and his ?V; opponent won the wager. 'Where, are your tickets, gentlemen V '. . asked the doorkeeper of a theatre to a line of \ men who ^confronted him in 'Indian file.' '?'.'?? 'It's all right,' shouted a man at the tail v end of the line. 'I've got the tickets. There's six of us with me. Count 'em as they go in,' 'In you1 go, gents,' said the door keeper and he tailed off fire, who immediately mixed with the orowd within. The Cerberus turned to look for tbe holder of the tickets but he had disappeared, and five tueu saw the performance Bfcfo fron- identification in the v . tromondous throng of people. 