mtm tt» wiwtlto wwii wrntina, for O* Mm U tk* dittwo*. — AfeitttfMd Ihrt ?? «H -?.* WEDNESDAY, MAROB Bt, 188T, A FORWARD STEP. Miniho cekbr»tions are in die air. During the last few days we have given to the public fall accounts of tbe several functions held to com memorate the formal opening of the Mount Ljell redaction works and xtfiwav, tail to-day we have to note another ceremony held yesterday to mark the starting of the Oceana Pro prieiary mine. We look upon it as one of the duties of the ' Herald ' to give as much publicity as possible to these functions, because the magnifi cent mineral resources of the West Coast of Tasmania hare never been sufficiently understood, and it is only by legitimately spreading reliable information among the mining inves tors of the colonies that we can expect to attract the neceesary capital to develops our mines, We are geo graphically isolated. It would seem as if Nature had repented of her generosity in depositing more than an ordinary share of the valuable metals in these regions ; and, as a counteracting agent, brings to bear the wildest of her' atmospheric ele ments to place unusual difficulties in the way of those who would search for her wealth. If travelling communica tion with the West Coast of Tasmania were as easy as it is to the great majority of the fields in this and tbe other colonies, we should to-day be issuing ten thousand copies of this paper, to be read by a population of perhaps fifty thousand persons within the boundaries of the western mining district. But the trouble likely to be met by land or water in travelling to and from the West Coast have hitherto been a strong deterrent to thatprogress which the inherent wealth of the place might rsasonaly expect Those inconveniences, however, will notmuch iongerkeep people from com iDg here to see the immense resources and the chances that these fields hold out of giving splendid returns for capital properly invested. But until the fields attract their proper share of outside' attention, it is, we repeat, one of the chief duties of local journalism to disseminate all the reliable know ledge it can anent our doings. The Oceana mine, which formerly set its fine new plant of machinery going yesterday, is one of those ventures which would have been thoroughly tested three or four years ago had it existed in any other colony but Tas mania, or any other part of Tasmania but the West Coast It Is one of the mines which from its first discovery held out to practical men great promire of profitable returns if work had been started at first in a practical manner. But the first company started before it was ready and missed its chance, because it expected profits on a too limited capital It expended the greater portion of its capital on a costly tramway and useless surface works, or work to a depth .of about 30ft, which is virtually the same thing, and then when money was re quired tt sink a main shaft, erect efficient -machinery, and test the lode in a systematic way, the company collapsed because it had not provided for these first essentials of a mining ▼enlura. So far as any real attempt to prove tbe mine goes, it was never given tbe ghost of a chance. The surface prospects are equal to almost anything yet discovered on the Zeeban or Dundas fields, what the behavior of the big ore deposit below the surface is going to be no man can tell, nor do we ven ture to say ; but we do assert most emphatically that such a show is worth the expenditure of whatever amount is necessary to explore it thoroughlydown to at least 600ft in depth. We cannot (expect to get our mines upon the surface here any more than they do in other centres. Mother earth has never yet yielded her mineral treasures in response to the tickling of her crust. However, it is gratifying to know that the new proprietary of the mine have equipped it with an efficient plant, and bare stated their determination to give it a reasonable trisL When a few more properties tike the Oceana are taken is hand by people prepared to act in a similar way, the Zedaui field will astonish those pessimists who have been too ready to look: at the dark side of things. There, is no more solvent field for its «iee in tbe» colonies than Zeehan,and very few centra can show an eqttal output without calling apon tAareholden to contribute calk for opening-op work. A yield of £20,000 per month from a few mine* teA tributes that hare b»VB Jafl » Be q**d «& mA\ ft th*t lEToome out rtf 4* (atsafaf on, and with very tittle assistance from shareholders is well worth more attention from capitalists than it has hitherto received. {TBciaimed win— Hour Holm« ThiUH Sane of tin 'Mutual Pterifcat UeiH3wer'iitotiwd, «ot«l)iiij! tbe fund oftotaratiaglQfonutionalwtfttolM loand ia*!ifiv«ll-««mpi(«dpaUJa»tioD. Tbm *ppra» to be «a isasmot impnuioB withtegtrdtotfaenkteofwacH p*id on the Horth- Be.U-Bad»s.tnwiwv. W« tenth* authority of tbe Baridaot Engineer for tbe ?uttaeattlui ««(-*? total of 208 mi on the lnt fortnightly pay-duet 85 wan nted «t 7epord»y. Hare hub we required at tint r»t» of ingot. Theanmof ffli 16i id, tbe totel amonst of eafaecripttone received at thb offipfas e.e koowledged from time to time, on behalf of the wido» and oiphan* of tbe Uta John hat, -u handed over to Mrs Jobn hee yesterday. In mother column Mn Iiee retonu her grate fat thank* to tbe many frfeadi who have awiated in her hour of need. sir O. O. William*, officer in obarge of the Bank of Autralaaia for the northern por tion of Tasmania, anir«d on Zeehan yerter day, etopping at 8uUi»ao'i Hotel. Mr WilUami is graatly pleased with the impor tant (bridal made in all branohaa of commerce ainoehb U*t iMt, and before long the poblfai oan look forward to the bank'* bast neat being oondnoted In premises in keeping with tholr importoOM to thediatriot At the last meeting of the Hobart Slarlne Board the Maater Warden reported that the Premier reoognUed the urgency and neceeilty of tbe enrvey of the Wart Ooaet, and would preii the qoeitioD on the Federal Oonoel! and endeavour to get them to asal.t In the «ork. He would also mention the lurrey question while In England, end would tnterriew the anthorite* and aaoertain whether it wae prob able (he work oould be doni without eo*t to the colony While eeoortlng a bdy home the other ««Ding,»popnl»t West Oout doctor attempted to relieve her ooogh and 'ore throat by giving her a taeeoge. Be told her to allow it to dissolve gradually In her month. No relief w*b experienced ; and the doctor felt quite chagrined the next day when (he lady sent him a coat button, with a note sayiDj; that he most hare given her the wrong kind of a lozengo, and that be might need this one. Tbe medico sow eiobewa terpdohorwa dissi pation. The American mining drama, ' My Partner,' wa* staged (ait night at tbe Academy of Mosio by the member* of Mr Tercnoe Goodwin's Dramatis Art Class in a manner that afaowed that great pains bad been'ttken in it* prepar ation. The play, whion is full of pathos, tan smoothly from beginning to *Dd, the prlnol pal part* being admirably played by ntka Grace Egtinton, Meson E. V. Goldsmith, F. Hanb, and F. G. Kose, while the comic element, without which no drama Is complete, met with good treatment at the hand* of Mb* Mirams and UeetrJ Goodwin and Doian At tbe folios Oonrt ysrtarday ? man w« chareed with having med indecent laognag*, and pleading guilty, was fined £1. The erl deuce of tbe polio* pmred that tbe language complained of was simply rerolting, and no rapeotable resident will consider the penalty inflicted too heavy. This oSenoe against public decency mi referred to in a nosst Uaue a* e, 'growing evil,' and tbe disposition shown by oor Resident Magistrate and J.'a P. to aoppreM it by cnbsUutUl fine* will meet with general approval Great excitement wa* manifested at Warn namooot on Saturday lait, when a final match between the Beafoamt, of Nuranda, sod For get-me-nota, of Allaruford, rival team* of lady cricketer*, wa* played off. Over 3000 people paid for admiolon to the Wananambool Cricket Ground, the teottpt* being given to charity. The Beafoams made 110 in their firtt Inning*, Itiw Franei* making 82 not out, including two *'*. Mb* Naylor wa* nut out after making 87. The Forget-me-not* com piled 64, ot which Mn Bilson, the captain, made 17 not out. The match wa* decided on the fint innings, and all the yoODg men of Kimada at onoa rushed on the ground and congratulated the winner*. MrJ. M.Blaok bam coached tbe wionbig deres On a recent trip of one of tbe Weil Coast boats, ears the N.W. Port, three beg* of ore, whilst being diaohuged, eaoaped from a 'ling and dropped into the Mersey. On Thursday ammoon laet a young tellow named u. * oster undertook to recover the njiaelog ore, and was mcenafai tn. Mnginp e, coauf e of bag* to the enrfaoe. Hews* esiirted I17 a *t*vedorev aad after the totter had obtained the bearing* of the bags, which ware found to be lying in about lift of water, Foster tiresjad hUneetf of Ui dotting ana dlv-a. Th» water wu nat dear.owing to the heavy rain, and ootueqnently he bad difficatty f n (nding where the ore wa* lying, Tbefiratdlre proved aiiiuuiwaiful, bat ontheaeooodoooaaionFoBtorfarteoodabook to one bag, and it waa drawn to the snrEaoe. In three anon tttampti he recovered another bag, bat he then cried enough diving for the day, aa.the water was intensely cold A bunch of key* await owner at thi* offic* A letter *adn*sed to Mr Joeertooe awaits w owner at ttbotfioe MrA.O.fio**etl wjU reoeive tender. lot *U chain of fendng. The fortntgfatly dance of the Zeehan Private Quadrille Aamnbjy wtD be held so TbmwUy next at the Mamie ttall U oonoectton with the Early OUatog Aaw «UUon Dm Batlway Department wffl deaj»tcb at^fw*»OownB«»oh**i6tiiliaB**l.t5 ta. t-aay at nomioa tares, vU., S* 6d nnt4lae«,l*6daMond. MtMtSeMom and Bij have openad op * ajrfemdMccajigrweatofwteera^odaapaaaUy ?ateeted by ? member of to* 6ra- far W«t Cosat Mijeiremeoti. ThaatoekuuBHitfaaiall ttobuttaolBait f*»rliwitfi ?AMsttiaaa «WWt- MpttSHt 