FEDERATION. Federal Convention. I The Becond session of the Australasian Federal Convention opened in Sydney on September 2, 1897, i and practically closed on Sept. 22, after having sat for 15 days. Meetings were held on Thursday and Friday, the 23rd and 24th, but they were merely of a formal character. The following is a summary of the more important questions dealt with : — The financial problem was the first subject which came up for consideration, Mr. Barton (the leader of the Convention) having on Friday, _ September 3, moved for and obtained the appointment -of a finance (Jommittee to consider ana report ou mo financial clauses of the Commonwealth Bill. On the following Monday a general debate took place in the Convention on the financial clauses, the object being to give 'some indication to the Finance Com mittee of tbe general wi?h of the Convention. This debate lasted for three days, and the Convention then went back to clause 1, and began the con sideration of the amendments suggested by the various Parliaments. The Finance Committee, how ever, found it impossible to hold any but formal meetings, owing to the necessity for the members being present at the debates in the Convention. It was accordingly decided to make a carefiH investigation of the financial problem during the recess before the final meeting in Melbourne on January 20 next, and to hold a meeting of the members of the com mittee shortly before that date for the purpose of drawing up a report on the clauses dealing with finance and trade. In chapter I., ' The Parliament ;' an attempt was made to reduce the Governor- General's salary from £10,000 to £70t0, but it was defeated by 38 votes to 7* It now stands at £10,000 until the Federal Parliament otherwise provides. The question of equal representation of the States in the Senate gave riBe to a brilliant debate, lasting for two days. The question was raised on clause 9, which provides that the Senate shall be composed of six senators for each State. Both the Legislative Assembly and the Legislative Council of. New South Wales had suggested an amendment providing for representation in the Senate in proportion to population, but the soheme for equal representation of the States in the Senate was approved on division by 41 votes to 6\. It may be stated that moat of the delegates from the large States voted for equal representation on the -understanding that effective provision would afterwards be made for dealing with deadlocks, and also because it was considered necessary that the more populous colonies should make this concession to the smaller States in order to induce them to join in the Federation. In connection with the mode of electing the sena tors an important amendment was made. The Com monwealth Bill as it left the Adelaide Convention provided for the senators being directly chosen by the people of each State voting as one electorate. This arrangement, however, it was found, did not please any of the local Parliaments. The New South Wales Assembly wished to have each State divided into electorates, each Returning tine senator. The Victorian Assembly and Council proposed amend ? ' ments leaving it to the Federal Parliament to decade; and Tasmania, South Australia, and -Western Aus tralia recommended that, the mode of electing the ' senators should be left to the State Parliaments to determine. After, a.good deal of debate, an amend ment by Mr. M'Millan providing for choice of sena tors by each State as one electorate ' till the Federal . Parliament otherwise determines' was earned on division by 29 votes to 19. ? In clause 9, also, an amendment by tDe Victorian . Assembly conserving equal representation to the States, and providing that no State should have less than six senators, ' except in the case of new States, which after the establishment of the Commonwealth are admitted thereto or established thereby upon other terms and conditions,' was approved on division by 2 5 votes to 20. In clause 24, dealing with the constitution of the House of Representatives, no alteration of any con sequence was made, but an important debate took place on the words ' as nearly aB practicable there ehall be two members of the House of Representa tives for every one member of the Senate,' and, amendments suggested by the Victorian and New* South Wales Legislative Assemblies providing that until the Federal Parliament otherwise provides - there should be one member oi the House of Repre sentatives for every 30,000 of the people of each State. The provision in the bill for a ratio of two to one between the two Houses was approved, and the suggested amendment rejected on division by 26 votes to 17* Strong exception to this decision was j taken by Sir George Turner and some Other dele ns from the larger colonies, it being pointed out as the population in other parts of tbe Com : monwealth increased it would necessitate either an I i increase in the number of senators or a decrease in the number of representatives of New Soath WaleB* and Victoria. But the decision to retain the ratio of two to one subsequently left the way open for the adoption of the Norwegian system of the two Houses sitting together as the final method of settling deadlocks. A long discussion took ^-lace over clause 54, re lating to the -power of both Houses with regard to money bills. The clause as priuted in the draft bill provided that ' proposed fa -ts having for their main object the appropriation of any part of the ? public revenue or moneyB, or the imposition of any tax or impost, shall originate in the House of Representa tives.' Out of various amendments what was practically a hew clause was evolved, which pro vided that ' proposed laws appropriating any part of the public revenue or moneys, or imposing any tax or impost, shall originate in the House of Repie sentatives.' . But the following addition was made : — ' But a proposed law which provi les for the im , position and appropriation of finesor other peouniaiy j penalities, or for the demand or payment or appro- | pnatonof fees for licenses or fees for services under j the proposed law, and does not otherwise impose any - : tax or appropriate a,ny part of the puhlio revenue or moneys, may originate in the Senate.' In connec tion with this question it was resolved that the law which appropriated the supplies for the ordinary annual services of the Government should deal only with the appropriation of such supplies. A discussion over the adoption of some scheme for the prevention of deadlocks between the two Houses of the Legislature lasted three days, and gave rise to heated debate, lb the firet instance the question was ! discussed of whether br not it was necessary that ( some provision against deadlocks should he made. ' This having been resolved in the affirmative, a large { number of schemes were presented. Upon -these j various amendments were proposed, and in. some in- I stances the main object of one scheme was sought to j he engrafted upon another. One of the most im portant propositions was by Mr. Symon, who advo cated a dissolution first of the House of Representa tives and afterwards of the two Houses together. This was agreed to, but the discussion was after wards reopen--d by special permission of the Con vention, and a scheme was adopted in which an alternativemethod, proposedby Mr. Wise, and involv ing a simultaneous dissolution of botti Houses, was ' embodied. Mr. Lyne followed this' up by proposing the adoption of -the national reierendum as a fined - appeal where the two Houses should not be in agree ment after the dissolution. Mr. Carruthers came forward with a proposal that iu place of the referendum, the two Houses should sit together, and this was finilly adopted. The scheme agreed to was as follows ' If the Senate reject or fail to pass any proposed law which has passed thA House of Representatives, or pass the same with amendments with whioh. the House of fieptpsenfe' tires will not agree, and if the Governor -General should dissolve the House of Representatives, and ' if, within six months after the said dissolution, ptB House of Representatives, by an absolute majority* again pass the said proposed law in the same or suo* stantially the same form as before, and with sub* stantially the same objects, and the Senate again reject or fail to pass tne said prcposed law or pass the same with amendments with which the House of Representatives will not agree, the_ Governor General may dissolve the Senate. Provided that in lieu of dissolving the House of Representatives alone in the first instance both Houses of Parliament may be dissolved simultaneously: provided that the Senate shall not r be dissolved within a period ot six months ' immediately preceding the._date.of the expiry by effluxion of time of the duration of the ; House of - Representatives. And if atter such dis» solution the proposed law fails to pass with or with' out amendment the proposed law may be referred to the members of the two Houses deliberating and voting together thereon, and shall be adopted or re- ? jeoted according to the decision of three-fifths of the members present and voting on the question.' In connection with the provisions relating to both. Houses, a new clause was passed providing that ' a member of either House of the Parliament of the Commonwealth Bhould be incapable of being chosen or of sitting as a member of the other . House oi Parliament.' ^ In clause 62, which . sets out the subjects to be controlled by the Federal Parliament, ope of the chief alterations made was the insertion of an * amendment suggested by the' Victorian Parliament giving the States tbe control of the sale of intoxi cating liquors within their ' borders. After^ con siderable discussion tbe amendment was carried on division by 28 votes to 11. ; ' The ' amendment of New South Walqs giving the States powor to conduct banking operations within : their own borders was agreed to. The Convention stands adjourned to Parliament House, Melbourne, on January 20, 1898. * He, reluctantly : ' I am going now.' She, promptly : ' That's a step in tne right direction.' Timid Animals that Always Die Game. — Hares. A Spiritual Inquiry. — Is it likely that ghosts talk in the dead languages f 