, A Sydney Miracle. :o: INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. T? LNTERHESTuO CosE OF Mn. THOArS JAnRVs, Ho SAYTS HAT A FEW WEES AO0 HE WAS CaPPLEa--PASTrILLy PAHOLYsED, SUFFER mo FROM LOCOMOTOH AMTA, AND HELPLESBS. Dccros?s, HoesrPao, AvnonrEms, ~ND E5BY oea o ? E NE ImOST Dc aS mS CaSE WAs HoPEsEsB. Bor THEY WBRE OSTOAEN. To-DAY HE IS A New M.ss, Po5)L oF LIFE eND ENnERo, oIs COnrsCrs B HAS THROWN AWAY, ms DEAD LrIe SLAVE LeF, vIs APPETITE HAS RETEEDiE, AS, H Fo, He -A. £ NEW LEaSE OF I nF GoaS Ou' . So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellops case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the Astralian Workman a few weeks ago: One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, be said: " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are s*rlkegn j j s." g, Bs, ,A Se a tefftring ?" *"Well, twelve months seo I ga so bad that I hadto leave offi work, and I have dide us?.ing since then. About five years ago, next Chrlst ants, I met with an accident. I was badly scaldeod while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years oS gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billetat the Glebe Island." " Wlat where the symptoms ?" "Simply indesbribable. The pains were something terrible. There were just abost as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cuntting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over mybowels orbladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep.. Oh the 2Prd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an ordei to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make ise of the order ." "N o; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, Icould not get out of bed. Ifelt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of abys when I would give up the ghost. My 'dootor was attending me, nnd-did all he soals, by opium andmorphia pills, to ease the agony I wasie. Iwasunder bimfor fveor sixweeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataria, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of thespinalcord,echaraterised by pdeculir disturbances of gait and diflieulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might nevergetthe use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the oure eIffected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Auotralian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and eleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able'to moge about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches here9 They were made for me before Igot Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but Iwas too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend, who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis "bave a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there isa boxof opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sen sation out here." Such is the remarkable history, and confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills forPale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise Ifrom an impoverished state of the blood, such as anemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, Ac. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post-order one box for 2s. 9d., or half-dozen for i1s, 9d. 