ROCKHAMPTON. MONDAY, MARCH 22, 1897. THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. On the 4th of this month a Brisbane paper wrote in all seriousness. " To" day will become memorable in the annals of Brisbane and Australia. In this city a vote is to be taken against spend- ing £80,000 in wood paving." As even Australia cannot expect to have two memorable days in the one month, there I can be nothing exceptional about this' day which will see only the assembling of the convention duly elected to frame a constitution for a federated Australia. In Queensland(theCentral and Northern divisions at any rate) the chief feeling will be one of deep regret, and even to some extent of shame, that this colony is the only one of the group which is not represented in Adelaide to-day. For that we have wholly to thank the Legislative Council. Led by Brisbane men, and urged on by the Brisbane press, the Legislative Council rejected the bill giving Queensland re- presentation in the convention, and rejected it solely in the interests of Brisbane. Federation means freetrade throughout Australia so far as the internal trade is concerned. It means that the Central and Northern divisions would be as free to trade with Sydney as with Brisbane. That was enough for the Legislative Council of Queensland. Any proposal which would have the effect of reducing, much less of abolish- ing, the utterly illegitimate bold which Brisbane at present possesses on the trade of this and the Northern Division is certain of a short shrift and a long rope at the hands of the Legislative I Council, and this was made perfectly : plain over the Federal Enabling Bill. Thc bill never had the ghost of a chance when it reached that House. Of course it was not rejected openly on the ground of Brisbane interests, the utterly flimsy excuse was put forward that it was rejected because only the representatives of the people were to be permitted to elect the representatives. If the bill had been drawn so that the members of the Legislative Council as well as the re- presentatives of the people should elect thc representatives, some other excuse would have been found for rejecting it. The excuse offered deceived no one. Everyone knew that the bill was being rejected because it threatened the interests of Brisbane. On the altar of Brisbane interests the Legislative Council deliberately sacriSced the in- terests of 'tho' colony, and the Federal Convention meets to-day with represen- tatives from every colony present ex- cept the colony of Queensland. If thc work of the convention is successful Queensland will have no share in it. She may subsequently be admitted into the federation, but if so she will cuter a federation which she had no more voice in forming than the people of New Guinea, who will also come under it. The great question now is, Will the convention succeed 1 That it will suc- ceed in drawing up a constitution no one doubts, but will that constitution be acceptable to the colonies represented in the convention ? It is one of those questions which anyone can ask and j no one answer. All that can be said ie j that the prospects are distinctly brighter than they were a few months ago. When this movement was first started by Mr. Reid plenty of people were ready to declare that his only purpose was to remove from ! himself thc reproach of having been tl.e chief opponent of the constitu- tion drafted in 1891. Noone accuses him of that now. It is admitted that Mr. Reid is perfectly sincere in hie efforts to bring about federation, and it must be acknowledged that so far he has conducted the movement with great skill and success. He has drawn inte it live out of the six colonies, and witli tho sixth he was successful in securing the adhesion of the Government and the Legislative Assembly. There arc six Governments, six Legislative As scmblies, and six Legislative Councils in Australia, and Mr. Reid was successful in carrying with him all the Govern ícetits, all thc Legislative Assemblies, and live nf the Legislative Councils. That is a very remarkable triumph and a very hopeful augury. If we look behind thc Governments and Farliatucnts to tho peoples of the different colonies the hopefulness docs not grow less. Public apathy was one of the great j obstacles which the leaders of tho I movement feared. In Tasmania and South Australia the vote was not very heavy, but in New South Wales the leading candidate received over 90,000, and in Victoria the candidate nt the top of thc poll aecuived over 80,000 votes. If it be said that the candidature of Cardinal Moran must be credited with part of the interest shown in New South j Wales, that answer will not account for thc. close upon 100,000 men «dio went to the polia in Vjotoria. Clearly public interest waa awakened in the movement ; and indisputably that interest was intelligent, the successful candidates being the very flower of the politicians of the various colonies. The preliminary work bas been camed through most successfully, hut itdoes not follow of course that federation will be achieved. Federation means sacrifice. Every power which is granted to the Federal Government and Parliament is taken from the provincial Govern- ments and Parliaments. How far tho people are prepared to make this sacrifice, even if it is de- manded uniformly from thc various colonies, it is impossible to say. Bat it cannot possibly bc demanded equally. Some colonies will be required to yield up more than others, or at any rate will think they are yielding up more than others. Then will come the rub. Those who are opposed to yielding anything will not he mollified by the fact that their colony is required to yield less than others, and if their colony is one of the chief sufferers their opposition will be embittered and intensified. If only the Convention will be content to go slow, to frame a constitution which will give to the federal authority only the minimum of powers which it must possess to be effective, and j trust to a growing national feeling ti» I give more in time-if the Convention will do this the chances of success will certainly be increased. It is expected the Convention will finish its labours u£ a month. Then, according to the' Enabling Acts, it is to adjourn for. ninety days in order that the various; Parliaments may discuss the constitu- tion and suggest amendments. But when this arrangement was come to the celebration of the Queen's reign was not taken into account. Sup pose the Convention sits to the end of April, ninety days later will fall at the end of July, when certainly not one of the Premiers will have returned frem London. In the mean- time all the Parliaments will have been in recess. The celebration in London clearly upsets the arrangements mad» ! for the second meeting of the Conven* ' tion, and others must be come to. It would be a matter of no difficulty to pass amending Acts extending the time" for the second meeting of the Conven- tion till six months after the close of the first. ' . Public controversy in Britain over . the » Cretan question is approaching an acate' stage. The old party lines of twenty yean ago are coming rapidly into view. Then Lord Beaconsfield was Prime Minister and ; Lord Salisbury Foreign Minister, and their ) great watchword was the maintenance of the ! integrity of the Turkish Empire. At the time of the Armenian atrocities Lord Salis- bury used language which more than sug- gested that fie was no longer devotedly attached to the Turkish Empire. Bnt in his latest utterances he apparently bas gone back to the old position, if indeed he ever really abandoned it. In the Armenian controversy he had little difficulty with his political oppo- nents. It waa early made plain that interven- tion meant war, and even the most enthu- siastic friends of the Armenians might shrink from plunging Europe into war on their account. So the Liberals practically acquiesced in Lord Salisbury's polley of non-intervention. But the position is entirely reversed iu Crete. There the Turks are decidedly getting the worst of it, and Lord Salisbury is joining with the others Powers in intervening on their behalf. If Lord Salisbury refuses to intervene wheo the Turks are massacring Armenians and does intervene when the Cretans are successfully throwing off Turkish rule he will quickly, find himself face to face with a very active opposition in Britain. He ft in fact already confronted with it. Mr, Balfour has challenged the Liberals in tnt House of Commons to move a vote of eensun ¡ on the Government, which would no doubl suit the Government very well with ttl majority of 150. But it will be the countrj and not the HOUBC of Commons which wit haye the determining voice in this matter The House of Commons of 1874 80 supporte! Lord Beaconsfield and Lord Salisbury un brokenly through their pro- Turkish policy, bu the country condemned it by an overwhelmin) majority, and we may be certain that pico of history is promurent in the minds of th members of the House ot Commons at th present time. Lord Salisbury already feel the effect of the opposition in the countrj for he speaks of Sir William Harcourt's an Lord Kimberley's speeches as weakenin British iuSuenoe in Europe. " Weakenin British influence in Europe" simply meal weakening the confidence of the Powei that Lord Salisbury will be able t carry out his present policy. It was fa evitable that Lord Salisbury should repl at once to Mr. Gladstone's letter, bi probably few expected be Would reply i terms which recall st once Lord Beacon field's famouB attack under almost simili circumstances. Twenty years ago, in d fending his policy against the attacks > Mr. Gladstone, Lord Beaconsfield d scribed bis opponent as "a sophisticati rhetorician, inebriated with the exuberance bis own verbosity." To-day Lord Saliabu speaks of Mr. Gladstone as "an irresponsib statesman of influence, and poetical, rhapsoi cal, omi classical impulses.' Although Lo Beaconsfield once described Lord Salisbury a " master of flouts, and gibes, and eneen yet of tho two the Disraelian gibe is the kect and heavier. In little moro than a year aft Lord Beaconsfield delivered this attack t country turned him out of office and plac in power the " sophisticated rhetorician." history to repeat itself with Lord Salisbu and the " irresponsible statesman of influent aud poetical, rhapsodical, and clossii impulses ?" The prisoner Alfred Perkins, who was tested at Mount Morgan recently on a chai tí deserting hts wife at Townsville, was tak under police escort yesterday to Townsvi in the s.s. Maranoa. Sergeant Moe, who was recently trai ferred from here to Georgetown, has had tl: appointment cancelled, and he will now hu charge of the Hughenden station. He left the s.s. Maranoa yesterday for Townsville renie to Hughenden, The death of the Rev. Dean Sheridan reported from Sydney. Ur. Sheridan urriv tn Australia forty-years ago, und was knot in the early days as the Roman Cut ho! immigration chaplain. He was vicar-gencr under Archbishops l'olding and Vaughan. The following is thc report supplied hy tl Matron of thc Children's Hospital for tl week ended the 19th instant :-Remaining the Hospital on thc 12th instant, 21 ; a milted during thc week, 8 : discharged, S remaining in on the 19th, 20. Gifts were r eeived with thanks from Mr. Dewar (tin honey) and Mr. G. Merry (a large fish). Constables Flatery and Donughue left iu tl tender last night to meet the s.s. Leura i |. Keppel Bay, in charge of the two prisonei Hugh M'Carihy and Archibald Carwell, will be remembered that at the sittings of tl Supreme Court last week Carswell wi sentenced to eighteen months' impriiontnct and M'Cartby to fifteen months' imprisonmei in Brisbane Gaol for having unlawfull wounded a man named John Bollmann. 1 The following is the medical report of tl Rockhampton Hospital for thc week ende tba 19th instant:-Number of patients in tl: Hospital on the 12th instant : Males, 53 teníales, 15. Admitted during the week Males, 6 ; females, 6. Discharged : Malet IO; females, 2. Remaining on the I9t instant : Males, 48 ; females, 16. One dcat oocurred during the week-namely, Charl» . South Sea blander. Messrs. W. Burnt W. Davis, and S. W. Hartley form th Visiting Committee for the month. "Queensland is coming again into th English market with her sugar,"says "Th City Man " in the British AtMralasian of th 4th of February. "I hear that som Macknade (Herbert River) sugar (SOO bags was sold last week in Mincing-lane, Th «Ian was refined, and as the quality was fin white, 14s. per cwt. wai realised for a par of ¡the parcel. For the last two seasons al the sugar grown in the colony has beet readily absorbed in Australia, and with th increasing demand; Queensland will not neet for some time to come to send ber snga here." i The weather on Saturday was exceedingly pleasant throughout, though yesterday thi conditions were not so favourable. The rail reports received at the Telegraph Office foi the .twenty-four hours ended at 9 a.m. oi 8atorday were 'as follow :-Bustard Head 0*03in.; Emu Park,0-03in.; Gatcombe Head O il in.; Gladstone, 014in.; Inskip Point 0*21 in.; Miriam Vale, 0-12in.; Yeppoon 0*31 in.; Woody Island, 0-07 in. The sbadi temperature for the same period was ai follows : - Rockhampton, maximum SO'S", minimum 73'; Alice, 9b°-62°; Bustard Head, 86*-70°; Clermont, 97°-68°; Emerald, 97° 8B*{ Gatcombe Head, 93°-75°; Longreach, ?96V-69'; St, Lawrence, 87°-72°; Brisbane, 90°-66°; Maokay, 87°-70°. A telegram in the Brisbane Telegraph re. ports the death of Mr. C. Bonney, one of the early colonists of South Australia, at thc advanced age of eighty-three years. Mr, Bonney landed in Sydney from England ii December, 1834. He conducted the first team with sheep to Port Phillip in 1835, making a track which was afterwards known aaviabe Sydney Road. He discovered thc fertile district of Kilmore, where he estab- lished a sheep station in 1842. He was Com- missioner of Crown LADOS in Adelaide, and filled varions offices under the Crown, until the inauguration of responsible government, when he was again appointed first Commis- sioner for Crown Lands. He was also for stuns time manager of the railways, and served for a little while in both bouses of the Legislature. A shorthand machine has been invented in England. It is not larger than a thick quarto volóme, works silently, and costs only a few pounds. The Time* says :-"Not to describe the machine minutely, it may be said to be a miniature typewriter, with only six keys, by the varions combinations of which, struck with either hand, a species of Morse Short- hand of dots and dashes is imprinted. A roll of ordinary thin white paper is used and one of the best features of the machine is that it {prints regular lines across a continuous page, ending and beginning each line automatically, without any attention ou the part of the operator. These are obvious advantages. Its inventor, possibly with a touch of parental partiality, holds that it is easier to become pcejnclent with his machine and bis new system of -shorthand than with existing systems of 'pencil shorthand.' " Mr.O.L. Wragge, in his weathered vicesof the 16th instant, propounds the following scheme : -." We give lt as our most unqualified opinion that, were it only possible to establish a per- manent observatory on Cape Adair, or some other point of vantage in Victoria Land, and to connect the same by cable with Australia heavy though the expense would be, and difficult the undertaking-the high rate of interest derived therefrom by regular obser- vations from the Antarctic would amply justify the cost of construction, and prove of D incalonlable value, meteorologically, to evory portion of Australasia. We have no doubt ont that longer forec>ats could be Issued, which would oe not only of splendid value in agricultural and squatting interests, but also to shipping, which could receive timely warning of ioe and dangerous developments in the V-disturbances likely to affect their progress towards and nome from these colonies." Sub-inspector Dillon received information on Saturday that a man named Harry French, employed as stockman on Beaufort Station, near Pine Hill, had been killed on the previous evening. It appears that on Friday evening French was assisting to yard some cows at Killney, an out-Btation of Beaufort, and while so doing one of the cows broke away. Frenoh pursued the runaway on horse- back, and the next thing that was seen of him was when he was found lying unconscious on the ground. It is thought hie horse must have fallen with him, though no one saw the accident happen. The poor fellow never re fained consciousness, and died at sundown, t is stated that his parents reside in Rock- hampton. The deceased was about twenty seven years of age, and waB a brother-in-law of Mr. J. Applewaite, compositor. Mrs. French, mother of the unfortunate man, is at present living with Mr. Applewaite in Alma-street. The attendances at the weekly practises of Handel's " Messiah " are steadily increasing. Just four weeks ago shout thirty singers had been collected. A fortnight later a small committee was formed to assist in thc management of the work, and at the practise following no fewer than seventy singers assembled. The number would have been larger, but for thc moonlight excursion and concert on the river, which was arranged for the same evening. These large attendances during Buch distressingly hot weather show how keen is thc interest takcu in the work. It is, indeed, rcmurkublc that thc lurgest budy of singers ever assembled iu Rockhump ton should have been gathered iu three weeks. Additional male voices however arc needed, and gentlemen especially will bc gladly welcomed. There are doubt- less many among us who have listened to the matchless performances of such works in the old countries, and who «ill look forward with pleasure to heariug once more Handel's majestic stratus, albeit the local effort must necessarily fall far short of the rluislud renditions of the great choral societies al home. It was originally intended to produce the work at Hasler. Whether Herr Hage will succeed in doing so muy bc doubted. Two incidents, however, conuect " Thc Messiah " with the season of Easter in a peculiar manner. The oratorio was first performed on Good Friday, 1742, and the I great composer himself passed behind the veil on the Good Friday of 1859, just a week after ' conducting " The Messiah '' in London for thc last time. The practises are held weekly, on Monday evenings. A meeting of the Executive Committee of the Separation League was held in the offices of the Chairman (Mr. G. S. Curtis, M.L.À.) on Friday evening. There were present : Messrs. Curtis (Chairman), R. Forward, E. S. Lucas, R. Macfarlane, S. W. Hardey, R. H. Bate, F. Hopkins, A. Grant, T. Con- nolly, E. Sandford-Wills, A. Parnell, F. 0. ?Foster, and W. G. Caporn. On the motion of Mr. Forward, a resolution was adopted expressing deep regret at the death of Mr. Byerley, one of the oldest and most active members of the league, and directing the Secretary to address a letter of condolence to Mrs. Byerley. Thc Chairman read letters he had just received from Mr. Hogan, M.P., in which that gentleman stated he would probably put a further question to Mr. Chamberlain, based on the despatches of the I Duke of Newcastle, and the distinctly im- plied promise contained therein. A letter was read from Mr. W. Allen, strongly urging the League to send two delegates to the Federal Convention with a suitable memorial. The Chairman suggested three courses of action in the early future, which were dis- cussed, and after lengthy debate further consideration was deferred until next Wednes- day evening. The following gentlemen were elected members of the committee:-Messrs. J. C. Johnstone, H. Holt, J. C. Dove, W. A. Lawson, J. O'G. Dunne, J. Pattison, sen., F. H. Hobler, T. Fitzgerald, J J. Dunlop, R. Sharples, W. Davis, T. Parker, and D. Craig. At next meeting the Chairman will move that Mr. R. S. Archer be elected a member of the committee. 