" THE glorious, pious, and immortal memory of King William III. of Orange" has been responsible for a good deal of unpleasantness since the time the battle of the Boyne was fought some time ago We sincerely hope that his memory will not be immortal, however glorious and pious it may be. Not that we, or any sensible people, have any personal objection to any one having an immortal memory, but William has been food for the worm for something like a couple of centuries now, and it seems a pity 'that all that is left of him should be resurrected annually by one section of a community mainly lor the purpose of exciting the angry passions of another section of the same people. If lie were really so glorious and pious as he is reputed to have been by the orange-hued faction it can hardly be a source of satisfaction to his ghost that his memory is being annually prostituted to such vile use as that of stirring into baleful vitality the dying embers of sectarian bigotry. This business of annual processions with yellow banners and drawn swords is the visible symbol of ostentatious and narrow-minded bigotry. The organisers of these processions such as that which took place in Coolgardie on Sunday last know that their demonstration serves no useful purpose. They know that a large section of the community regard their ^ i ! i demonstration as being deliberately intended to insult them. They know that to the majority of Irishmen the event which they commemorate with ostentatious rejoicings is one of humiliation and shame. Why in the name of wonder, then, should the soberminded members of the Orange Lodge give their countenance to proceedings which inevitably tend to stm up strife and ill-feeling ? There is nothing in the constitution of the Lodge so far as we know that could be taken exception to by reasonable people. Many estimable persons belong to it who know nothing, and care less about the memories which these annual processions are intended to keep alive. They are to blame for allowing the factious and narrow-minded among them to publicly humiliate any other section of the communitv. BUT if the wearers of the Orange are foolish, and some of them worse, the wearers of the Green are just as foolish and bad. Carlyle once said that England Was peopled by about ^ thirty millions of people —mostly tools." Sometimes when We consider the irrationality of Irish behavior we are disposed to conclude that the Emerald Isle ispeopled entirely by fools. Irishmen are not one whit more disposed to practise righteousness than other races, but when it comes to stupid, insensate bigotry they hold their own admirably. At least some of them do One Irishman :rav not be able to tell wliv the battle of the Boyne was fought, and may not care a continental objurgation whether the pious, glorious, and immortal William is howling in the nethermost pit or harping in the Better Land. But he will parade and flaunt yellow flags and flash tinsel | swords insultingly in the faceoi other [ Irishmen who know n:: more about the ; aforesaid battle, and know and care | just about the same about the pious, ! glorious, and immortal deceased. ! Then the Green Irishman gets i wildly infuriated, and makes savage attempts to dismember and mutilate beyond recognition the Yellow Irishman, and the Orange adherent, with the fierce light of battle in his eye, attempts to carve large slices off the Green Irishman. Both classes are mad, ignorant, bigoted fools. But it must be remembered, in apportioning the blame, that the Orangeman is morallv the aggressor, as he knows that his Yellow rejoicings over the humiliation of Catholic Irishmen at the Boyne 200 years ago are looked upon as a studied insult to the descendants of those Irishmen to-day. It mav be said that the battle of the Boyne occurred so long ago that its memory should not be regarded as hateful by the Green section at this time, but it must be considered that the insulting tradition is kept odious by the annual Orange rejoicings over it. If the Orangemen are still justified in finding in it an annual cause of triumph the other variety of Irishman cannot be greatly blamed if he still sees in each recurring Orange festival a fresh insult and offence. BUT there are other classes of the community which are entitled to demand that the hostile factions of the Orange and the Green shall desist from public demonstrations of th eir mutual hatred. \\\ e must have none of these disgraceful civil brawls between citizens of the same community. The vast majority of the community are not concerned one way or the other about the pious, glorious and immortal memory, but they are concerned in the preservation of public decency and good order. Anything that tends to bring about a recurrence of these disgraceful, and, to true Irishmen, humiliating scenes of bloodshed and disorder must be sternly suppressed. The right to hoid processions calculated to bring about a breach of the public peace must be withdrawn from the Orange Society. Let them hold their annual saturnalia in private, if they please, and ride roughshod over their countrymen in intolerant speech as much as they like, so long as they do not do it in public places where it tends to bring them into physical conflict with the equally intolerant wearers of the Green. The majority of the Australian people want none of these quarrels, and will have none of them. These Orange processions must be forbidden, but while they are permitted to be by law, the guardians of the law must see that they are protected from attack by the other faction. To the majority of Irishmen and Irish Australians, whatever their religion, such disgraceful brawls as that of last Sunday are regarded with shame and disgust. It seems evident that the attack on the Orangemen last Sunday was a premeditated one, and the ringleaders of the attacking party should be sought out and punished with the utmost rigor of the Taw. They must be taught that so disgraceful a breach of the public peace cannot be allowed to go unpunished. Some of these ringleaders must be easily identified, and they should be taught the lesson that riot and disorder cannot be tolerated in a civilised community. It will be a disgrace to the guardians of the public peace in this colony if offendors are allowed to go unscathed of justice, whatever cause for offence they may have seen in the flaunting of the Yellow flag. THE Royal Commission which is to revise the mining laws of this great country will have to hurry up if there is to be any revision left for them to do. In his policy speech at Bunbury J. Forrest stated that he would leave it to the representatives of the goldfields to advise as to necessary reforms in the mining laws. He gave the people of this colony to understand that the Ministry would not attempt to tinker with those law r s until they were able to obtain assistance and advice from the goldfields members in Parliament assembled. He has violated his pledges, and broken faith with the mining population. He, or those acting for him, have made two vital amendments in the regulations. The first was an amendment of the labor conditions by which the amount of labor to be employed on mining leases was reduced one half, the reduction to apply indiscriminately to bona fide prospectors and mere shepherders of leases. That the Cabinet should have made this amendment without first consulting with the goldfields members amounted to a direct breach of faith, when the Bunbury utterances are borne in mind. No one wants to see genuine prospectors burdened with grievously onerous labor conditions ; but, on the other hand, no one with the welfare of the fields at heart wishes to see the speculative holder of numerous leases enabled to hold them at a less cost than before. If a syndicate is to be allowed to hold an area sufficient for a dozen mines it should be made to pay a high price for the monopoly. The amended regulation will have to be re-amended in order that the land-grabbers shall not be able to hold sheep walks at a nominal cost. THE second amendment is not to take place till the 1st August. It is to the effect that no application for forfeiture shall be entertained unless accompanied by a deposit of ^"25 as security for costs in the event of the case going against the applicant. The proposition has its merits, and also its demerits. It is only fair that the leaseholder shall be "protected against frivolous and vexatious action on the part of ill-advised, or, perhaps, malicious persons. But it is equally necessary that care should be taken that injustice is not done to the applicants for forfeiture, and the leaseholders given a practical immunity from well-grounded attack. It often happens that applications for forfeiture are upset on some purely technical point, though substantial proofs that the defendant holder has failed to comply with the conditions of his lease mav be adduced. No verdict confirming a delinquent leaseholder in possession on technical grounds as against an applicant for forfeiture should carry costs against the latter, so long as the Warden is satisfied that there were substantial grounds for the application. And, as. a corollary, all the substantial facts of each case should be ascertained, even where dismissal on technical grounds must be given. No technical objection, even when it must necessarily be upheld, should be allowed to interfere with a complete ascertainment of the facts. Interviewed in London Premier Forrest is reported to have said : " The responsibility of dealing with cases of jumping rests with the Government, and no case of the kind has yet actually occurred. It is therefore an imaginary grievance." We do not go so far as to sav that jumping is an imginary grievance, though we certainly hold that the prodigious fuss made about it is entirely unnecessary and unjustifiable. Jumping is at present the only means of enforcing the mining regulations, and to abolish the jumper and substitute nothing in his place would be practically to abolish the regulations. We hold that it is not necessary to give the jumper the lease he is instrumental in wresting from the delinquent holder. The same end can be attained by a better means. But if jumping is an imaginary grievance what necessity is there for such haste in legislating against it, as is done by this new regulation. BUT that there are in contemplation changes in the law of a much more sweeping and questionable nature than those already decided upon, seems evident from certain utterances of the Premier in England. In reply to a depuration from the West Australian Chamber of Mines in London, Forrest has given expression to views which seem to indicate that he has been completely "corralled" by the ring of London speculators interested in mining in this country. He stated that in his opinion insecurity of tenure is "disastrous," that the Government would probably bring forward proposals for granting a more secure tenure to leaseholders, and that the Westralian Parliament was likely to approve of amalgamation of leases. What the Premier means by a much better tenure is indicated by his further statement that the expenditure of £10,000 upon a mining property should entitle its holder to an indefeasible title. We may take it, then, that the Premier is in favor, of fixity of tenure, or something approaching it, and amalgamation of leases. If such proposals are carried into law it will be a serious blow to the future of these fields. We can only hope that the Premier has been misreported, or, if reported correctly, that a subservient majority will not enable him to carry his views into effect. In the light of these statements it is evident that a Royal Commission composed of intelligent men will be badly needed for the purpose of ascertaining and voicing the real needs of the mining community. IT appears that the comatose Aborigines Protection Board at last stands a very fair show of being relegated to that limbo which is the proper destination of all useless and effete institutions of the kind. It seems that the Imperial authorities have at last decided that the proper way to deal with the native difficulty is to place the natives under the care of a responsible Minister. Ever since the establishment of responsible selfgovernment in W.A. the lccal legislators have been protesting against the clause in the Charter granted by the Imperial Government, which places the native tribes under the care of a Board, and compels the Government of the colony to set aside a certain proportion of the annual revenue to be expended on behalf of the blacks. The Board has signally failed in its duty, and it is high time that it should be abolished. We trust the responsible Minister, if there is to be one, will look after his black charges a little better than their present guardians. The ordinary native is not worth much to himself or anyone else, and when the native becomes finally extinct at a not very remote date, there will be few who will grieve deeply over his departure from a world in which he only made acquaintance with sin and sorrow. But while he is with us humanity dictates that his declining days shall be made endurable. The white man has robbed him of his hunting grounds, disturbed his family relations, developed all his latent capacity for sin, and generally added largely to his stock of unhappiness. As he is not, like the poor, always to be with us, as he is legally entitled to a percentage of the revenue sufficient to supply him with damper, tinned dog, and a moderate sized bluey, and as the advent of the white has made him ten times as wretched an object as he was before, let us do something to mitigate his misery while he is with us. We presume it is intended that his welfare will be still a charge upon the State. It is not hinted that the Imperial authorities have absolved the local Government from that responsibility. IT makes us gasp when we endeavor to realise the change which seems to have come over Premier George Turner, Kt., 3,1.P., P.C. We are told by the cableman that during the Jubilee procession the hitherto unostentatious George stood up and '-repeatedly waved his hand to the cheering enthusiastic multitude." Also that at a banquet or some species of function G.T. dug down and spoke a piece. He told his audience that Victoria would be always willing to rush to the rescue with arms and men if Britain was in trouble. This sort of talk is cheap. Turner has not hitherto been suspected of being a cheap talker. In the first place Australia won't be able to assist England when the trouble comes. Instead of assisting to protect England she will need assistance to protect her own shores. What will happen, probably, when the Russian Bear and the British Lion are at death grips is that a few Russian vessels will come along and shed a few million shells and other interesting munitions of war over the Australian landscape. If our brave defenders have by that time embarked on the briny in order to beat off the Muscovite hordes from English soil, our visitors will land a few thousand men here and make things decidedly unpleasant for the good folk of Melbourne and Sydney. It's far more likely that we shall have to seek English help than that we will be able to give any but sentimental assistance to England. There seems to be an idea abroad amongst colonial jingoes that the colonies would be able to do great things for England in the event of the mother country being forced into war with any of the great continental Powers. As a matter of fact the best help that the colonies could give her in such circumstances would be to keep all their men at home so that they could defend or help to defend their own shores. If thev are to be needed at ail they will be needed in the colonies, and not away from the colonies. We don't know whether talking humbug helps to draw closer the silken bonds, but Turner and his co-Premiers seems to be dispensing that article pretty freely in the old country just at present. THE Acting- Premier at Bunbury :— "A railway to South Australia will have to be constructed, and it is almost impossible to grasp the magnitude of the trade that will be developed." Looks from this declaration as if the Government had serious intention of meeting South Australia with that projected transcontinental railway. As there was no time mentioned for the beginning of construction, however, the declaration does not signify much as a pronouncement of ministerial policy. But the enormous traffic which will be fostered by the railw ay m question, according to Wittenoom, will tend to decentralise the trade of the colony. We see no special reason to anticipate traffic of any special magnitude over the line. The railway cannot compete with sea-way as a means of supplying our wants from the other side. The traffic the line will secure will be mostly to the goldfields. It will mean that so much will be taken from Fremantle and given to Adelaide. If the traffic assumed the extraordinary proportions apparently anticipated by Wittenoom, Adelaide would become the commercial capital of the eastern goldfields instead of Perth. If \\\ ittenoom sees no objection to the deposition of Perth from its position as the head centre for these goldfields why should he be so strenuously opposed to the claims of Esperance as against Adelaide ? The railway to Esperance will accomplish more for the goldfields than the transcontinental to Adelaide, and it would at least have the effect of retaining goldfields trade for Westraha instead of diverting it away from the colony altogether. We are merely arguing 011 the assumption that Wittenoom's forecast as to the magnitude of trade that is to be developed by the line in question will be justified by the event should the line be constructed. However, we don't think there is any likelihood of the line being constructed for, perhaps, a generation to come. At present its construction would certainly not be justified by the potentialities of trade which would be exploited by it. Still, as we asked before, if the Ministry thinks of decentralising, why not decentralise in favor of Esperance, i.e., W.A. ? John Jerger, of Cool., is credited with having invented a gold saving machine which is destined to revolutionise the industy of alluvial mining in this country. It is a dirt-washing machine, and the advantages claimed for it are its economical use of water, and the certainty it affords of saving both fine and coarse gold. By its aid it is asserted that two men can treat 10 tons of dirt daily, 400 gallons of water per diem being sufficient for the washing of that quantity. Most of this water is available for use over and over again. A public trial of the machine was held on Wednesday in Cool. If the staiements concerning its efficiency and economy are verifiable in actual practice, there is a big future before this machine and before the alluvial fields of this colony, as 5 dwt. alluvial will in that case return oz. to the labors of two men for one da}-. ft seems rather too good to be true. * * * X. W. Harper, manager of the Robinson and several other Ivanowna mines, is giving up his appointments. As to his intentions nothing seems to be definitely known. It is said that he intends to take a prolonged rest from managerial labors, taking up his residence for that purpose in Ival. with a viewto making himself acquainted with Kal. properties. Another report has it that he intends to take a trip to British Columbia, and round the world generally. * * * The time for receiving tenders for the Kalgoorlie Warden's residence contract has been extended till July 27. The biggest things in Government contracts open now are the construction of the railway line from Kal. to Menzies, and the railway line from Kal. to Kan. Tenders for the former close 011 Tues lay, 17th August, at the Public Works Office, Perth, and for the latter on 31st August. 