A Y»ERFUL\G;,1A8;,: OK, THE OANGERFiZLO MYSTERY BY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. ' CHAPTER XXVI.— (Continued.) On the 'morning following on the dis covery made oy captain O'Donnell of The toll- tale sear on Miss Hern-castle's temple, that gallant officer took his way Through the town of Castleford to the pleasant' cottage adjoining the church yard wherein Katherine Dangerfield six years ago had died. A family named Wilson resided in the cottage at present — that much he had .ascertained at his inn. They had taken possession the very week in which Mr Otis had left, and had been there ever since. Mrs Wilson, a rosy little matron, answered the door in person, and ushered her military visitor at once itn tohe parlor, Captain O'Donnell's busi-- ness with Mrs Wilson was very simple. He understood that the servant woman who had lived in the family of Mr Otis six years ago was novo in the service of Mrs Wilson. Could he see her a mo ment or two in private? The little mistress of the cottage open ed two bright brown eyes in surprise, but answered readily in the affir- JAa.!'iG.---F-,aj.re'art Dorcas, of ' course — Dorcas had come -to her with the house, -and Dorcas was in the kitchen at pre sent, and would wait upon the gentle man at once. Mrs Wilson went, and Dorcas came — a stout, elderly woman, with an intelli gent face. "I wish to obtain a few particulars concerning the sudden death of a young lady in this house six years ago," the chasseur began, plunging 'into the sub ject at once. '"Sou remember her, of course? Her name was Katherine Dan gerfield." Yes. Dorcas remembered perfectly well — remembered as though it were but yesterday. She had come to the cottage late in the evening — a cold, dark winter evening it was — to see the sick young- man. Mr Dantree. Mr Otis 'himself had let her in. The next thing she heard, half- an hour later, was Mrs Otis scream — had rushed in. Miss Dangerfield was lying then on the sofa, white and still, and Dr Graves said she was dead. "You saw her dead?" " Yes, poor dear ; and a beautiful corpse she made — calm, and white, and peaceful, and looking more as though she were asleep than dead." "How long ms she kept here before she was buried?" the soldier asked. "Only three days, sir; and she looked lovely to the last. I remember he-r well; lying in her coffin, with flowers all round her like marble cr waxwork, and missis si-crying over her, and master with a face like white stone." "Humph!" Captain O'Dcnnell said, knitting his brows. Katherine Dangerfield had died, then, md Miss Herngastle had nothing what ever to do with her, in spite of all the astounding coincidences. "One question more, my good woman. How long after the funeral was it that h £ Otis left this place for London?" "About a month, sir — yes. just a month! I think they would have gone sooner, hut for the unexpected arrival of his cousin, the sick young lady from Essex." Captain O'Donnell had risen to go. At these last words he suddenly sat down Again. ""The sick young lady from Essex? Ah, 1 think this may be what I want to hear! When did you say the sick young lady came?" "On the very identical night of the funeral, sir, and most unexpected. I had gone to bed, and missis, she came to my room next morning before I was up, all white and in a tremble, and says to me, 'Dorcas, get up at once, and heat water for a bath;' and then she sat down in a chair, looking fit to drop. I asked her if any one was ill, and she said yes, a young lady who had come in the night, a niece of hers from Essex, and she was going to stop with "them a tew days. She begged me to keep it a se cret. The young lady was weak-like in her intellect, and they would be obliged to confine her to her room. I promised not to speak of it, for missis she looked trembling and frightened -to -death al most. And so she -was all the time the strange young lady was in the house." "How long was that?" "Not quite a fortnight, sir; and a sight of bother she made — all her meals took up to her room, and missis a-trotting up and down all d'ay long a- waiting upon her herself." "What was she like — this young' lady?" '"That I couldn't tell. sir. I never laid eyes on her, leastwise except once. Master and missis, kept waiting on her all day long, and missis she slept with her in the same room at -night." "But you saw her once." "Yes, sir: hut I didn't see her face. She never stirred out all day long, and at night I used to hear sounds of foot steps and doors softly opening and shu-t- ting. One night I watched, and I heard the house-door shut' softly, and directly after I spies master walking in the hack -garden with a lady on his arm. rt was » cloudy sort of night, ahd I couldn't see her very plainly — T couldn't see her face at all. She was tall, and dressed in dark clothes, and — but this was only a ncti'on of mine— if Miss Dangerfield hadn't been dead and buried I should -have said the height and the figure were like hers." The blood l-ose dark and red over the siinrbro-wn-ed face of the African soldier. For an instant his breath seemed fairly taken away. "We'll?" -he said, in a tense sort of Whisper. "Well, sir," she continued, "the very Siext night after that the sick young 3ady ran -away. I don't know whether they had been keeping -her against her will or not, but in 'the dead of the night she ran away. Miss Otis never came hack, and a fortnight after master and mistress went up to London themselves for good, taking the sick gentleman with them. That's all, sir." It was -quite enough. Captain O'Don- .nell rose again ; his grave face had re sumed its habitual calmness; ' he had heard all he wanted — more than he ex pected. He pressed half a sovereign into Dorcas's willing palm, bade Mrs Wilson good morning, and departed. As the result of that interview Cap- ' tain O'Donnell paid a brief visit to Lon don, being absent from Castleford but a couple of days. On his return he was accompanied by a somewhat odd-look ing individual, who was known by the .name of Joggins. At the railways, sta tion, however, the chasseur parted from the stranger and went to his hotel, the Silver Rose. The same night was a memorable one. At 11 the inn was closed up for the night; there were- but few guests, and these few kept primitive hours. At a quarter past 11 not a light was to- be seen. O'Donnell sat at his window, looking out at the dim starlight, smok ing and waiting. At half-past 11 he saw his servant Lanty stride across the inn yard and disappear in the shadow of the larches. Almost immediately the captain made his way softly out of the room, down the stairs, and through the v door -which his servant previously had noiselessly unbolted. Not a creature tivas to be seen — the whole town seemed 376, co be still and dark as O'Donnell walk ed swiftly towards the churchyard. Danty, the servant, was already wait ing rot far from the inn, upright as a ramrod, silent as a tomb, and giving his companion, who was none other than the man Joggins, a. wide berth. The latter, with a sack over his shoulders, containing spade and pick and' instru ments for opening coffins, spoke as the captain drew near: "Here we are, sir — up to time, and not a minute to be lost. Lead the way, and we follers, and gets to business at once'." Keeping all in the shade of hedges and wayside trees, with an uncomfortable feeling, in spite of his consciousness of duty, that this night's work was an un derhand thing, the chasseur led the way. One belated pedestrian, one doc tor's gig, they met — no more — ana the trees screened them even from them. They walked so rapidly that th( y were in the churchyard before the Castle ford steeples tolled 12. Redmond O'Donnell strode steadfastly along between the rows of graves, the lonely paths, until, under its solitary tree, he paused at Katherine Danger- field's tomb. His lips were set, his eyes stern — for good or ill, he would know the truth soon. 'This is the grave," he said, curtly. "Go to work; I'll keep watch." The resurrectionist — for that was his awful trade — opened his bag, produced his shovels, gave one into the reluctant hands of Lanty, and set to work with professional, rapidity and dexterity. The two .men worked with a will until the perspiration stood in great beads on their faces. O'Donnell had brought a brandy flask, and gave them copious libations: No sound but the subdued noise of the shovelling clay — nothing- living or dead to be seen. O'Donnell worked with them — there was no ne<?d of watching — and at last, far below, in the faint light of the stars, the coffin lay revealed. The men lay on their spades, wiped their faces, a.nd drew a long breath. Then the resurrectionist and Danty rais ed the coffin between, them — the damp clay clinging to it making it weighty — and placed it at Redmond O'Donnell's feet. » At last he drew one long, hard, tense breath, his eyes gleamed. "Open it," he said, in a composed sort of voice, and Mr Joggins produced his screwdriver, and set to work once more. The screws, one by one, were removed; the lot lay -in the palm of Joggins's hand — nothing- remained but to lift the lid and see either the mouldering re mains of Katherine D-angerfield or— He made a sign, Joggins raised it, all three bent forward to look. There was a simultaneous exclamation from all as they bent again to reassure themselves. The late-rising moon which had been struggling through the mists of coming morning, shone suddenly for a moment full upon the ghastly object before them, and lit it brightly up. They saw what Redmond O'Donnell had expected to see — an empty coffin! All doubts now, so far as O'Donnell was concerned, were ah an end — the Katherine Dangerfield of the past and the Helen Herncastle of the present were one and the same. He knew as -well a.s he ever knew after, the whole truth — the Avhole strange story. ' It had not been death, that trance which had held her, hut one of those mystic torpors, so closely resembling its -twin-sister, death, as to deceive Dr Graves. ' But the eyes of love are not easily blinded; Henry Otis had guessed from the first, no doubt, what it was. Why he had not spoken — why he had let the matter go so far as to permit her to be buried,, rather staggered the chas seur. Was it that by saving her from the horrible fate of being buried alive he wished to forge a claim upon her gratitude and love? If so, he had cer tainly failed, or by this time she would have been hi-s wife. And that same night — aided, no doubt — he had reopened the grave and taken the still inanimate form from its dreadful resting-place. Then had come her flight — her exile to America — her theatrical success. Her object in this had probably been to make money to carry out her plans, and she had made it. She had returned — had worked her way into the family of Sir Peter Dangerfield — and for the past six weeks played her role of nursery go verness. But where was her revenge? What had she gained? — what had she accomplished be-yond playing the ghost and frightening the little baronet near ly out of his senses? CHAPTER XXVII— THE LAST LINK Miss Herncastle meanwhile had quar relled with Lady Dangerfield, and on the evening of O'Donnell's discovery had departed from Scarswood, "in a fit of temper," so my. lady said. A week later the late parliamentary train, rushing into the Castleford sta tion some time after nine in the even ing, brought among»+ its passengers a little woman, dressed in black silk, wearing a Paisley shawl and a close black veil. The black silk was shabby, the Paisley shawl bore marks of age and wear, the little straw bonnet was last season's shape, and two words accurate ly describe" the little woman tripping along the station — shabby-genteel. She entered the ladies' waiting-room, her veil still over her face, leaving no feature discernible save the hard, bright glitter of the black ejres. She glanced round with a half-eager, half-fright ened air, but no creature was visible save herself. She stood in the middle of the room irresolute, went forwards, came back, stood still again undecided. She drew from the bosom of her dress a letter, and looked at the envelope and superscription. It was post-marked Castleford, and addressed, "Madame Harriet Vavasor, Rue de , Paris," in a large, masculine hand. Yes, the late traveller was n-one other than the l-e.ader's old acquaintance, Mrs Vavasor — not the prosperous Mrs Vava sor of six years back, however, for po verty had overtaken her. Expensive living in Paris and the gaming tables at Baden-Baden had swallowed up her ill- gotten twenty thousand pounds, and she had been almost penniless. She opened -the letter, and read for the hundredth time its contents: "Harriet, — I am in England once more — in Castleford— on a vist to Lord Ruysland. My wife is dead out in Que bec. After infinite trouble I have dis covered your address. Harriet,. I know all — the miserable story of my dead sis ter's plotting .that separated us five- and- twenty years ago. If the memory of that time has not wholly died — if you are free, as I am— come to Castleford. and meet me. I enclose a billet de banque in case you should need it. Do not ask for me — let no one suspect or frustrate us this time. We will meet in secret. On the night of the 2nd of Au gust, at 10 o'clock, I will be in waiting at the house known as Bracken Hollow. You know it, beyond doubt. When we meet I will explain everything — the cause of -this secrecy, why I have se lected that particular spot, how I dis covered your identity with the- Mrs Va vasor who six years ago- visited Sir John Dangerfield. Only come. I long for you as ardently as I did five-and- twenty years ago. You would not have failed me then — do not fail me now. "LIONEL CARDONNELL." She re-ad this singular epistle over ward for word, then folded it and re placed it in her dress. The station clock struck sharply the quarter past nine. It aroused her. There was no time to spare. She walk ed resolutely out of the waiting-room. A fly stood near; she beckoned to the driver to approach,. "You know Bracken Hollow? I want j to go there. I will pay you now; how j much ?" The flyman named his price. She counted it into his palm, and took her seat. In a moment they were rattling- through Gastlefo-rd High street on their way. She looked about her. How fami liar it all was— the shops she knew so well, the Silver Rose, where she had stopped, the cottage oi Henry Otis, and (she shuddered as she looked at it; tne lonely churchyard, with its lonelv erave. Poor Katherine Dangerfield! And Gas ton Dantree — what had become of him ' They left the town behind, and took the quiet lane leading to BrackenHcilow. The night was close, dark, moonless, starless: the trees loomed up black on every hand ; no living thing was to -be seen. She shivered in the still warmth of the night, and wrapped .her shawl closer around her i until the driver suddenly stopped. "This is Bracken Hollow," he said. He helped her to descend, then re mounted, turned his horse, and went jolting back towards the town. Bracken Hollow! Why, she murmur ed — why, of all the lonesome places on earth, had he chosen this? She re-ached the gate and opened it. The house loomed up, dark and silent amid its funeral trees. The door Was flung wide at the knock. Almost before she could realise it she was in the house, and led into a lighted room; the door was closed behind her, locked, and barred. An old woman stood before her. At her she did not look. Trembling from head to foot, she turned to a man who was standing beside her. His coat col lar was turned up,' his slouched hat pull ed down; but hidden as his fame was she knew in an instant it was not the man she had come to meet "Who is it?" she said in a sort of whis per, her black eyes gleaming fearfully through her veil. He turned down his collar, took off his hat, and showed the pale set face of — Henry Otis. "You recognise me, Mrs Vavasor? Yes, I see you do. ' It is many years since we met, but your memory is good, I know of old. Will you not put up your veil and let us see you? Further disguise is un necessary." She obeyed him. She flung back the veil and showed a face, age a. sallow, pallid with fear — all trace o-t beauty gone — nothing of it remaining but tne wud black eyes. "Mr Otis." she gasped, "why have you done this?" . "To .make you tell the truth at last, he answered. "There is but one way of dealing with such women as you and that is .the dark way of deceit. Yes, I wrote you that letter signed Lionel Cardonnell. I knew that poetic idyl of your youth, you see ; and it has succeeded better even than I hoped. You have no idea what a task it was to hunt you up, and then hit on a scheme to fetch you here; but I have done both.' If jmu had not come to me, I should hare gone to you. Take a seat — you look fatigued." She sank into the seat, her eyes fixed fearfully upon him, her very lips trem bling. Years and dissipation had told upon Mrs Vavasor's strong nerves. " Why have you brought me to this place?" she asked. "About the children you changed at nurse years -ago. The time has come for the truth to be made known. You gave your daughter to the Earl of Ruysland, and you kept his. How will you answer to heaven. and man for that?" "What do you know?" .she asked, sul lenly. "Enough to send you to Newgate. That when Lord Ruysland came to your cottage to. claim his child a year after its mother's death, you gave him yours and kept his. You kept the infant Lady Cecil Clive, and gave the Earl of Ruys land John I-Iarman's daughter. John Harman's daughter lives in luxury at Scarswood Park to-night, and Lady Cecil Clive, the real Lady Cecil is— where, Mrs I-Iarman? The law of England would force your story from you if I gave. you over to it. I choose, however, to take the law in my own hands. Out of this house you. never go alive until you have con fessed." She listened to him, her face settling sullen and dark. "I'll never confess!" she exclaimed. "Let me go, or I'll — — " What Mrs Vavasor meant to -do Henry Otis was never destined to hear. The words seemed to freeze upon her lips — her face slowly blanched to the ashen hue of death — her eyes dilated with some great horror.. Henry Otis followed her glance. Old Hannah had quitted the room un observed some seconds before, leaving the door ajar. Through this door, with out sound of any kind, a figure had glided. It stood now just within the doorway, perfectly still, its eyes fixed on vacancy. It wore a dress of some white summery stuff, its long, loose hair fell over its shoulders, its face was perfectly white, its eyes cold and fixed, its arms hung loose by its -side So, as in years past she. had a hundred times seen Katherine Dangerfield living, she saw her once more to-night, dead. 'Look," she whispered, in. an awful voice — "look!" "Look- where?" Henry Otis repeated, stoically. 'T don't see anything."' "At the door!" — still in the same awful whisper. "See — it is — Katherine Danger- field! Look!" She turned her eyes slowly upon him for an instant; then they moved back, as if beyond all' control of hers, to the door. The spectre had vanished. And Mrs Va vasor, with a gasping cry, fell down fainting in a heap. Hannah re-entered the room as Mrs Vavasor's black eyes opened to the light. She started up — memory returning with consciousness — and grasped the arm of Kenry Otis. "Has she gone?" Her eyes went wildly to the door. "Yes, I tell you I saw her — Katherine— as plainly as I ever saw her in my life. Mr Otis, for Heaven's sake, take me away — don't leave me, or I shall go raving mad." "I shall take you away, and I shall not leave you a moment alone, if you will speak the truth." She cowered down into- her chair, her face hidden in her ha,.nds, and in a gasp ing sort of whisper told her story, which Mr Otis wrote down. (To be Continued.) 