%fa %x$bziltt. CYCLING ROUND THE WORLD. THE LOVELY CITY OF LAHORE. UMRITSAR'S GOLDEN TEMPLE. [By John Foster Fbaseb, S. Edward Ltjnn, and Francis H. Lowe.] Umritsar. We have been annoyed. Long before reach ing the land of innumerable gods, when ploughing the sands, and moaning the absence of roads, and kioking every boulder in excess of nasty temper, as though they, poor unoffending but obstructive bumps of rock, were to blame, we cheered ourselves with the thought; 'Ah, wait till we get to India; there shall we trad good roads ; there are the finest roads in the world.' At Kurachee people said, 'Of course the roads are magnificent ; but not just here. You will strike a pukker road at Hyderabad.' At Hyderabad it was, 'Dear me, no, but from Sukker; yes, from Sukker it ib like a biliiard-table.' 'That's nonsense,' said Suk ker later on, 'there are bits here and there, but— but. Anyway just wait till you reach Behawalpur ; there the Grand Trunk-road runs right to Lahore.' Did it ? Not a morsel. The good road was a cyclist's will-o-the wisp. Multan was to pro vide us with the one thing prayed fur. Once there was a flicker of hope, but only a wobbl ing, undecided flicker. 'At, Montgomery you reach the Grand Trunk,' said all Multan. ' At Raiwiud it runs right across the railway line,' said all Montgomery. ' Oh, you must go on to Meeanmeer,' said all liaiwind. Patience ceased to be a virtue. We trundled the railway line till we were sick of it. Wayside signallers, uncertain whether we were a new. kind of locomotive or not, waved a red flag; then trifled with tbe green, and ultimately fluttered the dirty white. Being treated like a goods train ruffled us. There is a dazzling red shirt in our kit. That was our revenge. Goods, passenger, and mai) trains could see the red shirt before they saw the cyclist. The whistle shrieked and spluttered, andihe brake applied. 'That's it, give the poor engine a rest,' we said. Necks craned from the windows, and pice were gambled whether we or the mail would reach the next station first. We are truthful chroniclers, and therefore let us con fess that the mail usually won. If, however, the secret history of the Indian North Western Railway ever conies to be written there will be an account of mail trains delayed at some stations five and ten minutes to allow the passengers to peep at three wild wheelmen, who came panting behind. But in the prosaic official reports of to-day it will probably be read that those mail trains were retarded by heavy wind and sand- storms. Eight hundred miles cycling along a railway track waa a trifle monotonous. We got weary of tbe eternal expanse of Bhaven earth. Even a Bunset, with the darkening of a warm purple haze through a delectable glimmer till just one bar of scraped lead rested on the edge of the world, was regarded with a blase eye. Tired of tbe boiled peas and pasty bread on which Hindus sustain a ricketty manhood, we proclaimed that when wo reached civilisation two cows would be slaughtered to make a gastronomical holiday. The Hindus laughed. ' Gentlemens, you are funny gentlemens. Other gentlemens they never smile, but you gentlemens make fun ; I like you gentlemens.' When we had swal lowed the piece of sugar we told about England. The Hindus crouched round and looked into our faces as though we were in spired orators. They marvelled at the smallness of England, and the necessity of having it surrounded with a wire fence to prevent children tumbling into the sea. At Raiwind we held an indignation meeting remarkable for its unanimity. The meeting took place on the edge of a railway sleeper, and it was proposed, seconded, and carried by acclamation, that India was a distinct frost, that three estimable cyclists had been grossly deceived, that tbe Indian Government should be called upon at once to provide pukker roads, that the country, instead of being sylvan and romantic, was made up of sand, railway lines, and vegetarian Hindus, that — . And just then a duststorm came racing along, like a hot, gritty London fog— that is if a London fog can be hot and gritty — and we huddled on the leeside of the railway bank and waited an hour and a half till it was tired. Then in the darkness of night, six miles from Lahore, we at last, certainly and without mistake, reached the Grand Trunk-road. We had pursued it for over 600 miles, and we sang the Doxology. Lahore is a Bort of glorified Kensington Gardens. There seem to be no streets, only avenues. Such avenues. The borders are lined ?with flowers. Such flowers. And all the build ings are palaces. Such palaces. The luscious per fumes of the eventide, strong and fragrant, are like the whiff of a ballroom, hot and clammy, but scenty. There is the Mall, where 'everybody drives up and down in the cooling hours, eyeing everybody else with cold scorn. If you are a deputy assistant secre tary to a deputy assistant commissioner it is different, and you may get a nod. Unless you are a Government official and wear a monocle, and swear at the natives, you cannot be invited to dinner. The sight of sights is on Sunday morning when the colony goes to the Cathedral. Then is there a glorious contest in gorgeous raiment among the ladies. There are magnificent barouches with magnificent horses, driven by men in startling colors and with flunkies perched behind in more startling colors — a perfect lord mayor's show of sump tuous silks, wooden dignity, and 'the odor of sanctity's eau-de- Cologne,' all hastening to beseech the Almighty they may be meek, and their hearts not given to yain-gloriouBness. We went to the native town. It was a swift transit from Kensington Gardens to a conglomeration of Petticoat-lane, Old Cairo, and a rubbish heap. The streets are narrow, packed with a kaleidoscopic throng, the air so thick you can cut it into junks, and half the flies in creation buzzing about you. When our European carriage met a Hindu carriage — a sort of cross between a Punch and Judy show and a dirty-linen basket upside down, held together with four long sticks and two trees as shafts, and generally with four pas sengers — the entire traffic was blocked for aalf an hour. The incessant beat of the tom toms was like a throbbing nightmare, horrible paintings of horrible men grinned from the walls, barbers were busy shaving a clean line across Hindu heads, fakirs, smeared with mud. whioh was their only attire except a club find a necklet, scowled when we smiled. . At every casement sat Hindu women in their finery, some beautiful, eome not beautiful, greasy haired, with rings on their fingers and toes, in their ears and their noses. In a courtyard hung with flowers and shaded by an awning was bawling and instrument torturing and noisy applauding. We pene trated. There was tbe naughty nautch dance in full swing. A crowd of amused , men squatted In; ciroles, and they, banged one another About to make room for ub. . Tfaie orchestra worked hard and perspired fijeely. The nautch girl, fat and ungraceful, also perspired freely. She was not languid, or poetical, or dreamy. She was just a stout woman, very hot. Sp.we came out of the oven and found the blistered streets cool by contrast. A bundle of wonderfully gabled houses split the rush of the mob in twain. On a dirty board was a dirty notice announcing the quarters of the ' The Lahore Thcosophical Society.' Over the way one read, 'The freshest and most patent medicines sold here.' The Hazuri-bagh, the summer residence of potential nawabs in former da3-s, was dulight lul. One could breathe poetry. There was the rustle of tbe thick-leaved trees ; the marble retreats gleaming white; the spiral pillars, and the dainty runuiug inlaid floral designs ; tbo blue and the gold and thfi preen plaques; tbe shimmering mirrors, exquisite and graceful. The white stone and golden top of the Ranjit Sinjh's tomb showed over the courtly banyan trees. Wo sauntered among the roses and in the shade of the palms, climbed the steps of the red mosque, and stood in the marble hall where rest the ashes ot the nawab and those of his four queens and seven concubines and two doves, all sacrificed on the fumral pyre. Not a sound from Lahore, though so near, trespassed on the silence. There were only ?some chattering crows in the high branches. It was a place for a uiau to rest in and be contemplative and grow wise. Looking over the wall one saw Hindu boys playing cricket, and under the trees an Eng lish girl, blousod and straw- hatted, was spin ning on her bicycle. The Fort is close at hand, sturdy walled and buttressed. At the gate a stodgy Thomas Atkins, who spoke a mixture of Knightobridge, Somerset, and Brecon Welsh, greeted us. ' Want to see th' forts, gents ? Hall right, you ji3t toiler me. You're ridiu' rhan the bloomin' world, ain't yer ? Strike me, but yer rum uns, look yer. Zum folkses likes work. Not me ; no bloomin' fear ; Hi tykes hit heasy. Hindia! Oh, Hindia's hall right, look yer; that is, fur 'em us likes it. It's a fair cough drop a' times ; a cooker, a regular knock bout, s'help me. Yer sees them pictures on't wall. Rampagerous helephants all a'-fiting. Ain't that' 'un on't right giviu' t'other chapnies socks. That bloke in front salutin', him' on 't bridge ; he's a Syk ; fair maulers in fightin' ; they can bruise, catch yer in 't wind an' knock yer silly. But I don't, look yer, reckons much on 't natives. Las' week they had a Rummydam or a Ruui myzam, some religiousness like, and there was near some upsettin' o' apple-carts. We hed our guns ready an' 'ud give 'urn beans hed they started hanky-pankying. Now, look here, gents. You seest that bridge..^- Well, when- th' British cops this 'ere fort the rajali johnnie he jinips it an' gets corpsed. An1 them Syk boldiers won't do a blessed bit o' guard duty at night— says as how the rajah's ghost is allus abhout. So we Henglisb, look you, has ter keep guard. Sepn the rajah? No sich luck. If I saws him I'd make 'im show his kit. Fine view !_ Yes, gents. If yer wants to yer can climb them there chimbleys.' ' You mean the minarets of the mosque V was hinted. 'I don't know what yer calls 'em ; I calls 'em chimbleys.' He was a garrulous little fellow, was Mr. Atkins. As we looked over the armory he imparted curious information about antique implements of war. He stuck a dumpy fist on a dumpy thigh and, rubbing the back of his other dumpy fist across his forehead, said, ' It's warm, gents, an' when it's warm it gets thirsty like. There's the canteen, an' there's no hobjection, mind yer, to yer goin' in ; that is if you've a mind.' We hadn't a mind, and preferred inspecting the wonderful marble audience chambers, finer than anything wo saw in Persia. We climbed to the top of the tower and looked far over the land of the Pun jaub, and listened to a naive description of fort defence. 'The nytiyes never tyke this 'ere fort!' said our guide, with a touch of derision. 'Look yer, wo has bloomin1 provisions fur twelve bloomin' years. Tyke hit ; I'd like ter see 'em.' One afternoon we spent in the silent recesses of the Sbalimar Gardens— a kind. of Oriental Versailles, with big basins of fountain spouted water, and gurgling cascades, and twittering birds, and notices that you will be prosecuted if you pluck the flowers— English flowers — sweetwilliaras, pinks, velvety pansies, foxgloves, wallflowers, cornflowers, mig nonette, and weeds. In the evening we rode over to Umritsar, the Jit. John's Wood of Lahore, only 3(J miles away, and wo covered the distance in an easy three hours, with a slice of moon, which is better than no moon, as our lantern. For we travelled that most blessed of all roads, the Grand Trunk, and our hearts grew exceedingly light. Tbo road is made of konker, and its nearest English equivalent is concrete. Heavily foliaged trees shelter the way, and on either side are tracks for the bullock waggons, also shaded. We could sing a pcean on the Grand Trunk. There is plenty to. see in Umritsar— in- cluding a shocking statue of Queen Victoria, with a crown stuck jauntily and unroyally on one side— but after you bavo seen all you only remember one thing. That is the Golden Temple of tbo Hindus. When we saw it we recanted our heterodox and unappreciatiye opinions .about India. We made our .pil grimage in the early morn, when the air was sweet and the natives were busy with their ablutions, smearing themselves with caste marks, tying : charms, ebout them and getting stuffed with holiness to last another twenty four hours. We sallied through the packed and busy streets. There was a big red stone tower, and we were salaamed into, a room with rich carpets' and .gaudy settees, our shoes were whisked off, and our feet encased in gold bedizened slippers of green and blue, and we. were asked to unload, any cigars ( or cigarettes, for it was desecration to carry .tobacoo within the temple. ' , . .',, ?*'??:??? - Advancing, in the silver. light of , the early, day we came to a row of steps, .where a, stream of, chocolate-stained 'humanity; ,waa tumbling down with a confusion, of tongues and such a bewilderment of attire, A lalce, lay in front,, surrounded T?y wajka 'of white; marble. ' A white marble archway, carved and embrasured' and with dark recesses, flaunted two orange banners. A pier of white marble pushed to the centre of the lake, and on a marble floor J and resting on a ehelf of marble, was the' Golden Temple, a square building, ornate,' - embossed, with eccentric chiselling and slim pillars, delicate eaves overhanging- trellised tracery, ranges of lotus- flowered towers, and all of gold — pure, dazzling, gleaming, glorious gold ; an Oriental heaven, a scene that spell bound the imagination. ' . At the bottom of the steps n-as a twisted tree that the worshippers touched with the tips of the fingers, then putting the fingers to the forehead. Beggars and lamed and blind sat iu rows with outstretched palms moaning prayers. Hundreds of Hindus were at tha water's edge splashing iu the holy flood. We ? went with the surge, aud wure the only people--. not carrying roses. I The great arch with the orange banners had n gateway of sheoted silvts on one side, and the other was of sandalwood inlaid with ivory. As the crowd grew_ dense the perfume of the roses hung like a mist in the air. At the door of the temple all prostrated and touched the ground with their foreheads. We entered and, stood on one side. ' In the centre lay a silken sheet piled with rosee. A string of white-robi/d priests sat around, with tbe chief priest at one end near the sacred book of the Sikhs, anil on the cover ing rested wreaths of rtd roses. An orchestra with soft stringed instruments played pathetio and sense- stealing sensuous melodies, and of lea the players joined in with the low hum of their voices. Tbe walla were of rich red asid vivid green chased with gold and broken into gotliio vaults overhead. A damask embroidered awning swung above the priests. The crowd, ?' demure, fantastic, earnest, walked round the priests and threw their offerings of roses into the lap of the silken cloth. It was beautiful — this offering of the blushing flowers, the reverence, the meekuoss, the atmosphere of mysticism, tbe lavish re?pl«?ndont wealth, the impressive music, t!i« iH.vcin.itiug Eastern ness ot it all. We cume away epeakmg uo words. But what a jar we received at the outer gate ! There was a horde of vultures that swung upon us. 'Now sahib?, cau't I eell you some curios, some fine knives ; here's a knife that a Puthan committed a murder with at Peshawur ; it's five rupees inoro than tbo others.' Photographs, salibs, won't you buy iny photographs?' 'Will you come, sahibs, and see some Indian carpets'/ ? 1 don't want you to buy them, just to see them ; do, sahibs, come ; really I don't want you to buy, just to see.' And so on. Wo tried to coax them away with friendly sayings ; they were con% founded nuisances. But it was easier to coax an earthquake with the historic buu than coax those fellows. We said — 'Weil, to-morrow we will come and buy all your goods.' Which was a li?, for we are leaving Umritsar this afternoon. 