Chaptek IX. By some means or other the news had spread in the village, and such a congregation as 1 had never seen filled our little church long before the usual time. In a dark corner I saw to my surprise Bruce Deville leaning against, a pillar with folded arms, and on-my way to my pew I passed Adelaide Fortress seated in a chair in the nave. Neither of these two had I. ever ' seen in church before, and what had brought them there .on that particular evening I never clearly -understood. It was a little irony of fate—one of those impulses which it is hard to believe are altogether coincidences. The bishop came early and eat by Lady Naselton's side, the centre of all eyes. . X looked away from him to the chancel. I was strangely nervous. It was still dimly lit,' although the bells had ceased to ring. There! was only a moment's pause, however; then the little space was filled with white-robed figures and my sister's voluntary, unduly prolonged in' this instance, died away in a few soft chords.; I drew a long breath of relief. Everything was going as usual. Perhaps after all this night might be a fateful one for us. X watched the bishop's face from the first. I saw him glance up as though in surprise as my father's rich musical voice woke the echoes of the dark little church with the first words of the service. At the singing, which was always wretched, he frowned, and catching a sideway glance from Lady Naselton, smiled somewhat. Studying him through half-closed eyelids I-de cided that country services in the abstract did - not attract him, and that he was a little bored. It was only when my father stood up in tho pulpit and looked around him in that moment or two of hushed suspense which precedes tho giving out of the text that the lines of his face relaxed, and he settled himself down with an air of interest. For me it was a terribly anxious moment. I knew my father's state of health, and I remem ber the few weary and pointless worcls which had gone to make his morning sermon. Con trary to his usual custom he stood there with out any note3 of any sort. I scarcely dared to hope that he would be able to do himself jus tice. Yet the first words of his text had scarcely left his lips when some premonition of what was to come sent a strange thrill through all my nerves. '' The wages of sin aro death."' No words could gave any idea of tho marvellous yet altogether effortless solemnity with which these words passed from my father's lip3. Scarcely uttered above a whisper they yet penetrated to the utmosb comers of thelittlechurch. Was it really intenso earnestness or a wonderful knowledge and appreciation of true dramatic effect which made him close the book with a slow move ment of bis forefinger and stand up there amongst the deep shadows as pale as the surplice which hung around his frail form?! Yet when he spoke his voicedid not tremble orl falter. His words, tense with life, all vibrating! with hidden fire, penetrated easily to the,' furthest and darkest corner of the building. " The wages of sin—the eternal torment of a, . conscience never sleeping, never weary!" Itr was of that "he went oh to speak. I can scarcely remember 'so much as_ a single sen tence of that sermon, although its effect upon myself and those who formed the congregation • of listeners is a memory which even now thrills me. Prom those few opening words, pregnant as they were with dramatic force and lit with the fire of true eloquence, nob for one moment did the attentionof asingle memberof the little congregation wander. A leaf could have been heard to drop in the church, the rustle of tho pockethandkerchief was" a perfectly audible . sound. Not even a child looked sideways to watch the dark ivy waving softly against the; stained glas3 windows or wondered at the; strange pattern which a ray of dying sunlight; had traced upon the bare stone aisle. _ There' was something personal—something like the, ; cry of human sorrow itself in that slow, • passionate outpouring. Was it by any chance: a confession or an accusation to which we were listening? It was on the universality of sin, of which my father spoke with such heart moving emphasis. Our live3 were like cup boards having many chambers, some of which, were open indeed to the daylight and the gaze of all men, but there , were others jealously closed and locked. We could make their out- " side beautiful, we could keep the eyes of all; ;n from penetrating beneath that fair! terior, we could lock them with a cunning d secret key so that.no hand save our own; old lay bare the grisly spectre that lurked! thin, yet our own knowledge, or what we; d grown to call conscience, sat in our hearts' d mocked us. Sometimes the great white ht swept into the hidden places, there was a y at our heartstrings, and behold the seal d fallen away. And in that church, my. ;her added slowly, "he doubted whether; y one could say that within him those dark! ices were not." i Suddenly his calm terse eloquence became) uched with passion._ .His pale face gleamed; d his eyes were lit with an inward fire* isture and tone moved to the beat of a eper and more subtle rhetoric. He wa3 eading for those whose, sin beat about in eir bosoms and lay like a dark shadow across ! the sweet places of life. - Passionate and^' are passionate he grew. He was pleading-^* c whom? We listened entranced, Jjia torriblo earnestness passed like an electric thrill into the hearts of all oE us. Several ■women were crying softly; men sat there with Tbowed heads, face to face with ghosts long since buried. Bruce Deville was sitting hack in his corner with folded arms and downcast head. Adelaide Fortress was looking stead fastly up towards that pale inspired figure with soft wet eyes. Even the bishop was deeply moved and was listening to every word. For my part there was a great lump in my throat. The sense of some terrible reality behind my father's impassioned words had left mo pale and trembling. A subtle sense of excitement stole through the church. When be paused for a moment before his concluding sentence there was something almost like a murmur amongst the congregation, followed by another period of breathless suspense. In the midst of that deep hush a faint sound attracted me. My seat was on a level with the open door and I glanced out. A man was leaning against the porch—a man in very grievous condition. "His clothes were dis ordered and torn and there was a great staiu on the front of his coat. I alone had glanced away from the preacher in the pulpit towards him, and whilst 1 looked the sound which had first attracted me was repeated. A low, faint moan scarcely louder than a whisper passed from between his lips. He stood there sup porting himself with his hands against the wall. His lined face was turned towards me, and, with a thrill of horror, I recognised him. I half rose from my seat. The man was either ill or dying. He seemed to be making frantic signs to me. I tried my utmost to signal to Mr. Charlesworth, but, like all the lest, his eyes seemed riveted upon the pulpit. Before I could leavo my seat or attract anyone's attention he had staggered through the door into the church itself. He stood leaning upon a vacant chair, a wild disordered object, with blood stains upon his hands and clothes and his dark eyes red and gleaming fiercely beneath his wind-tossed mass of black hair. (Tote continued.) 