fKtmttttte. SHADOWED LIVES. By Miss M. E. BRADDO^t, Author of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'The Fatal Three,' 'The Day Will Come,' . 'Lost for Love,' 'The Doctor's Wife,' . 'Whose Was the Ilaud,' 'OnoLifo, One; Love,' 'Thou Art the Man,' 'ions of . iFire.' [Pubiished by special arrangement with 11)8 Author. All rights reserved.) CnAPTEU VIII.— ( Continued. ) And now the pencillers became newly alert ; tor the femiuine clement was to givo a zest to the proceedings. Suddenly, as from the witches', cauldron, there rose in tho witness box ! on' 'agreeable vision of a sealskin jacket, the ' smallest and most Parisian . tiling in bonnets, an alabaster complexion under a spotted veil, aud the newest shade of Titianesque hair, while across the foetid atraos-. pnere or a metropolitan roiice Kjauvi uoatea n. delicate odor of ess bouquet. The witness was a lady who was living in j the house at the time of the murder, but who had since removed to St. George's-terrace, Bronipton-road. .This lady was known as Mrs. Dolaoiere. | 'Is that j'our real name?' Mr. Davenant I asked. I The witness rather reluctantly admitted that j Dolamere was not her name. It wa9 the name, or possibly the alias, of a gentleman friend who had been acquainted with her father aud who paid her rent, and was, indeed, her guardian ; at least, she had always looked upon him in that light. '* The lady was sworn as Anne Wilson, and after the counsel for the .Treasury had elicited a plain statement of fact she was takeu iuhand ? by Mr. Chilbrick. | ' It was you who gave the first alarm, I j think, after the firing of the pistol ':' ' I don't know. Mrs. Grogan was on the landing before you could say knife.' ' But not before the man who tired the shot ?was able to get off unseen ?' ? ' I beg your pardon, I saw him go down stairs.' ' Are you able to describe him ?' ' No, I ain't. Hi3 back was towards me.' 'Was he tailor short, stout or thin?' ' I don't know. I was frightened and he was running- downstairs. There was no light but the candlo in my hand.' . ' Then you cannot tell us what he was like in auy particular? His dress, for instance? Did he look like a gentleman or a mechanic?' ' He was in his ordinary clothes.' ' Was he wearing an overcoat ?' ' I think so.' ' Not a fustian jacket?'' ' No, I am sure of that. If I had time to think about him at all I thought he was a gentlepian.' . ' Did you notice the co'or oi his coat. ?' ' Not particularly. It was dark— that's all I know about it.' ; ' Will you tell us exactlv what happened. 'Were you awakened by the* Bhot '!' ' No— I was lyiug awake— I am a wrotched sleeper and that was one of my bad nights.' \- ' You had not been in bed very long, per haps?' :'.No. I was rather late homo that night. I had 'oeen to a place of amusement.' . 'Iwillnot ask you to name the place of amusement.' This remark and tho last question were aimed at the gallery and a suppressed titter further enlivened the dreariness of'the police court. ' Well, you were lying awake. What was the first thing that attracted your attention 'i' ' It was footsteps coining upstairs?' ' Was that such an unimial occurrence?' 'No. Mrs. Hayner bad a latch-key and she was often --ut of a night wandering about —not for any wronf? purpose, poor thing— but because she couldn't bear herself indoors. She ueed to get the horrors silting alone, she told me. ' 'Oh, she usedtopettheborrorsBittingalone. I conclude sho was living pretty much the same easy kind of life as yours ?' ? '? You have no call to talk about my life. I m not here to answer impudent questions. As for her life, it was honest enough and wretched, enough ; and it was nearer death than life at tho best of times.' 'Well, you heard her come in. Did you notice the timo V ' Yes, it was fivo minutes to 1.' ' How cams you to be so precise ?' 'Because I keep a clock on the table by my bed, with anight lit in front of it, and Hooked at tlie 'clock as I heard her -footsteps go tip the stairs— and I wondered at her being eo late. That's how I come to be so precise.' There was a faint murmur among tho audience as of approval. 'Well, you heard her go upstairs alone?' ' Yes, and two minutes afterwards I heard a mans footsteps on the stairs following hers. He trod very softly, but still I could toll it was & man. And I wondered that she should bring anybody lnto the house at suoh an hour.' You thought it was too respeotable a house for nocturnal visitors ?' 'I knew it was a respectable house-or I Bh6uldn t nave been living init,' ' .' Perhaps you thought^he had found an old fnend of her father's to pay her rent. Well, what next f /'I heard the report of a pistol.' ' How long after the man's footsteps had passed jour door f ;'MfoVtwo minutes. Only long enough for him to have gone up the Btair* to the third floor.' ' . * - - ' And how long was it before you were on the landing?' , ' Hardly a minute. I am very chilly and X had ((one to bed in my dressing- gown. I waited only to put my feet in my slippers and light my candle before I went to see what had happened. The man was half-way down to the first floor. I just caught sight of him over the ^bannisters. Mrs. Grogan sleeps in the third floor front, and she came out in her nightgown and was on the landing screaming murder as I went up. Mrs. Rayner's door was open and me and Mrs. Grogan went into her room together. She was lying on the floor, shot through the head, a dreadful spectacle.' The witness burst into tears and became slightly hysterical. Some water was brought and the magistrate begged her to eit down and rest for a few minutes before -continuing her evidence. When she had recovered from a very natural agitation and had rearranged her spotted veil over a complexion which had lost somewhat of its alabaster whiteness, the interrogation wont on. 'I believe you were very kind to the deceased and knew more about her shan any one eke in the house ?' 'Nobody else ever did anything for her. I'd have been kinder if she'd have let me; but she was very proud. It was dil&cult; to get her to take bite or sup, though it wan plain enough ehe was half-starved.' 'Did sbo tell you anything about her ante cedents?'' *' Her family, do you mean ?' 'Yes, her family,' smiling a little at having used a word out of the witness's range. ' Her earlydays -belongings — the circumstances that had brought her to such a pass ?' 'No, she was a rare one to hold her tongue. She never told mo anything about herself ; but I think she must have been brought up a j lady. She never talked of herself but once. It' was oue night that she socmed ready to drop and I made her take some spirits aud water, and it got into her head, and she was half wild-like, and cried and talked about herself ; and she told me she had never loved but two men. One who was rich and wlio led her wrong and deceived her, aud left her to I starve ; and one who was nearly .as poor .as she Wiis and who was good to her. She loved the rich man when she was little more than aJ child and was deceived by the lirst kind j words that had ever been spoken to her. She | loved tho poor man when she was a woman ; i and him she would love till her dying day, \ though they had parted years ago aud might never meet again. This clostd Mr. Chilbrick's cross-examina- j lion. The pervant girl at number thirteen, Dyn- i evor-street, was the next witness. -She gave ] her evidence as to the arrival of the telegram ; for Mrs. Kayner and the recipient's plea-ed agitation, and a copy of the telegram was pro duced. 'Meet me in front of the iiritish Museum, to night at 8. Your friend from Afriw. I'.eceived at Kins-street at 6.40.' : Fhcebe Miller, the irmid -of -all work at No. - 10, was next sworn and repealed the siftle I menfc she had made to Faunce, but was weak j : under cross-examination, and was not certain | as to the identity of the prisoner with tho man she liad seen walking with Lisa Kayner. I The next witness was the. waiter from the I Italian restauraut, who had identifi-d tho ] I prisoner previously on seeing him in a croup of i j other men, and who-described bis conduct anil ! [that of the woman with him while he waited] ? on them. Ho described the woman's appear- j ancc and the emotion she had exhibited at one j period of the meal. li\ the inidst of Mr. Davenant's examination 'of this witness Mr. Chilbrick addicted tho magistrate. 'It would save your time and trouble, sir, if I state that ray client has no desire to deny i his identity with the person who was seen in ; Birn. Rayner's company as late as tc-n miuutes \ to 1 on the night of December 2'lth.' This admission brought the proceedings to an abrupt check. There was no occasion to work any further along tho lino of Mr. ! Faunce's investigation ; but since his re- j searches of Christinas Day and Bank Holiday ? the chief inspector had become aware of a ! circumstance which might have a close counec- j tion with the crime in Dynevor-street ; and he had his witnesses ready. I The first of these witnesses was a cook in tha j service of a clergyman in Gordon-square, who swore to finding a pistol in the area early in the morning on the 2Cth of December. 'Did you sweep the area ou Christmas! Day?'' .... . . JSo, the family was dining out and me! and the housemaid was allowed to have a friend ! each to spend tho afternoon, so I left tho clearing up till Boxing Day.' 'And on Boxing Day you found this pistol ?' _ I The pistol was lying on the table in front of j the magistrate. j 'Waa it lying whero anyone might see it' from the street? I 'I don't think anyone could have toon it. Missus and the vicar are great ones for creepers ' and the ivy grows all over the end of the area and the pistol had fallen in a corner right among the ivy. I mightn't have fuund it myself if I hadn't 'it it with my bass broom. Anyone could have put his arm bi-tw en tho railings and slipped the pistol down behind the ivy.' _ j ' What did you do with the pinto': 5' - 'I took it upstairs to my room.' i 'Did it not occur to you that it was your i duty to inform the police of suoh a suspicious j circumstance or to tell your maslur what had ' happened ':' ! 'I wauted to show lbs pistol to a friend of ! mine first.' j 'But you finally concluded you ought to tell your master ?' ' When I heard such a lot of talk nliout the Dynevor-Btrsfct murder I thought the pistol might b.j the one ns done it.' , 'Did you know whether tho pistol was' loaded ?' 'No, but I thought it might be, and I tied it up in a handkerchief and put it on the top uhelf of a cupboard, where it couldn't have hurt no ona if it had gono off.' j 'You did very wrong to conceal such a dis- j covery,' the 'magistrate remarked in a voice that withered the cook from Gordon-square. 'You must bo perfectly aware that pistols are j not commonly found in the areas of London ! houses.' The' next witness was a gunsmith, who had compared the bullet found in the murdered woman's room with the pistol, all the cham bers of which were empty when the cook handed it to the constable. ' Bullet and pistol fitted. ' Mr. Chilbrick did not cross-examine either witness, hut he begged for a further remand on the ground that he had been .unprepared for this evidence. The magistrate consented and the enquiry was adjourned for a weelc The adjourned proceedings opened with the evidence of a witness whose presence there had been procured by Mr. Chilbrick's most earnest efforts during tho week's respite. This witness waaHhe assistant of a well known gunmaker in Holbora. He identified the revojver produced in court as one which he had sold on the 22nd of the previous November to a young man who paid for it across the counter and took it away with him. Asked if the purchaser was the prisoner he replied, 'Certainly not 1 Not a bit like him.' 'Can you describe the person's appearanoe?1.', 'Ho was not bo tall* as the prisoner—a tallish man, but not as tall as the prisoner by three or four inches. He Was 'dressed like a gentleman, but not fashionably, in a rather careless style. He had what one might call a studious look and was wearing dark blue speo taolea.' ' You had no suspicion of any bad motive in his purohase I'' 'Oh, dear, no. We should have nothing to do but euspeot bad motives if we suspected every purchaser of a' revolver. He eaid some thing about going to British Columbia and expecting to fall in with a rough lot there. He was one of your communicative customers. I didn't listen to him, except so far as the business went He wauted a pistol of the Gnest quality small enough to carry in his trousers pocket, and I chose that one for him as the best and handiest.' Beyond the fact that the bullet found in Dynevor- street corresponding exactly with this bullet there was the further evidence of the cartridge, which was of a new make and identified by the gunsmith as the kind he had supplied with the pistol. Mr. Chilbrick, cross-examining — Did any thing strike you as curious ia the spectacles the man wore? Witness — They hid more of his eyes and forehead than the common kind of spectacles aud I imagined that he was a sufferer from some kind of eye-disease. Mr. Chilbrick— What time of day was he in your shop ? Witness — I can't name the precise hour, but it was towards evening. Tho afternoon waa f°S&y; aud there had been no one in the shop — except Lord Huraberleigb's valet, who ordered some cartridges for Scotland. Mr. Chilbrick— You had had a leisurely afternoon, then? Witness — Yes. I should hardly have re membered the sale oE the revolver — it was eutered in ovir book*, of course— or the ap pearance of the man if it had been one of our busy days. The tog was keeping all our usual customers at home. Mr. Chilbrick— Look at the prisoner aptain. Now, arc you quite sure you never saw him before? ' Witness — Quile sure. After the tximiuation of this witness the counsel for the Treasury closod the case and put in a statement written by the accused while under detention and handed to the governor of the prison. It was the following plain and straight forward recital of the circumstance which had brought tbo muu from Africa into that dock : — 'Lisa Rayner was a friend whom I had lost sijrlit of for some years. My first years in Africa were so unlucky and I was so hopeless of ever prospering there that 1 had not had heart enough to write to her. What was the use of writing to say — 'I am starving here aiid perliapsyou arestarving in London.' When the tide turned und I began to prosper I wrote and only waited her reply to send her money : but no letter of mine reached her. She had j been drive*! from pillar to post in the interval. I beard from huriuit before I -left the gold fields. Her letter had bec-n waiting for toe at Heideiburg for months while I was amusing j myself in Eechuaualarsd. Sho wrote to me ; that she was unhappy and in great poverty, ! and my first act on reaching London was to i appoint a meeting with her. Wo mut at 8 o'cJock in Great Huf'&cl3; -street, as the wit ness Fauuee stated. We (lined together and then I took her to Covcnt Garden, where there was a concert and where we sat in a back row of the upper circle. It was nearly midnight when the concert was over and I walked to Dynevor- street with her. We walked slowly and lingered a little on the way, having a. good deal to talk about, and our conversation was not finished when we came to Dysievor-street, eo I walked up and down the street with her — between two turnings— as the girl Miller described. It was during this conversation that I gave her the Afric.-m notes, which shy was reluctant to accept. We parted at the donr of number 13. 'She opened the door with her latchkey some minutes before we parted and she came dcwi: tho steps again to speak to me. We stood talking by the area railings during thews last few minutes, but whether it would have been possible for anyone to go in at that door after she had opened it, unperceived by either of us, is more than I can say. We were both agitated. She was dii-tressp.il and I was troubled by her dis tress. I had givtn her a promise before I went to the Cape four years affo, and circumstances had occurred that made it impossible for me to keep that promise. I wr-.s very sorry 'for her and I was honestly anxious to bo her f fiend aud to make her future life as happy as a friend's help could make it. We had never quarrelled, I never lifted my hand against her or said an unkind word to her.' Mr. Chilbrick briefly reviewed the case against his client, and inade a defence which, taken in conjunction with the gunsmith's evi dence and with Wildovur's firm and straight forward statement, went a lonpf way towards procuring au imraediritu discharge. Tho enquiry was, however, adjourned for a week to give tirno for further revelations ; bail was again applied for and ajrain refused ; and Arnold was taken bick to Peutonvilie angry and almost despairing. Chapter IX. No new evidence was forthcoming at the adjourned examination in :tho Magistrate's Court, and. after some verbal fencing between Mr. Davenant, for the Traasury. and Mr. Chil brick, far the prisoner, Ihu magistrate, having briefly reviewed the whole of the circumstances, did not feel justified in remitting the cant) to a jury. Tiio accused, Alfnui ^Yildover,' w:is dis charged ; and Arnold Weiitworth, like one awaking from a hideous dream, found iiiiuself nt liberty to leave that place of despair. He tliar.ked Mr. Chilbrick, and bogged him to convey mi unlucky man's gratitude to his un known friend, and having shaken hands with the solicitor and handsomely tipped his cus todians, ha left that placa as he bopsd for ever. He was a free man once more, and tho world seemed a new world. Kvun the bleak London streets were vncliRnUng ; swept by a biting March winii, pervaded bv tbo city's dirt, flavored with towage, smoke, and an unclean population — yes, even that howling wilderness of brick and stone seemed paradise to the man xvl'.o had been enduring an ignominious cap tivity. Ho flung his anna about ; he walked with buoyant step ; he held his head as loftily as if he had succeeded to a dukedom. He had come into possession of man's highest privilege — liberty ; and the sense of freedom was ecstasy. Mary— little Mary— otherwise the kid ! His first thought after self -congratulation was about Mary Freeland. He was eager to see her, to thank her for her goodness to a friend in distress, if, as he had littlo doubt, it was she who bad sent the solicitor. It must be she and none other. Even had his mother dis covered his identity with' the accused Wildover, it was not within the compass of her mind or moans to take so bold a step. What did Mrs. Wentworth know of criminal lawyers? Her intellect had been blunted by continual en counters with that awe-inspiring personage, the professed cook, ' soups, entrees.'ices, &c.;, the &c; standing for failures aud disappoint ments. He had Mary's address in bis pocket-book, given to him that Deoember morning at the Briery, when be stood before her, white to the lips, after reading of the murder . in Dynevor Btreet and had made some feeble excuse about a touoh of African fover and sudden giddi ness, while Mary scrawled Mrs, Smith'a addreSBin hiBpooket*book. ' -/'?.. *-'V«-.''. ~T. ''-'. i 'Bceure you come to see ^me when lam settled,' Bhe had said, 'aashe wrote., I dart say, if you behave very nicely, Mrs. TreBillian Smith. will send, you a card for her parties. She may put you on her free list and then yon can come every week if you like.' , He had muttered something about the bliss of Buch parties, and had left her after wringing her hand in an agitated way -that scared. and puzzled her. ' . ', ' ' ' How like a man to make such a fuss about a headaohe,' ehe thought. ' And how could he talk of fever with chat ice-cold hand ?' And now he had come through that horrible blaok cloud of trouble and was free again; and that dark past might be as if it had never been. He had shed all his tears for the poor creature whose fate had been so hard (a joyless broken life and a violent and mysterious death) in the solitude and depression of his prison.. He would put a slab of marble over Lisa Kayner's grave in Highgate cemetery to bear record of her gentle submissive life and unsel fish love ; and then surely his conscience Would allow him to forget her tragic fate, and lo remember only the days in which they had loved each other and been happy together. A higher kind of happiness was to be his in the future, he hoped —the happiness of union with a pure and guileless voman— his little Mary, his frank and joyous comrade, the woman out of whose eyes truth and courage looked] with bright commanding glance, the conqueror whom his heart acknowledged as mistress and queen. In South Kensington there arc long streets of stuccoed bay-windowed houses where the sun never shines. These are called gardens. It may be, indeed, that on one favored side of the tray and at one propitious hour the sun does look; but the casual visitor rarely sur prises Phoebus in the act. The long stony street, with its pillared porticoes all alike, dwells for the most part in an atmosphere of neutral grey, which is scarcely enlivened by the genteel palms and indiarubber trees in the bay windows. An Italian grocer's shop, an Indian bazaar, a jutting Moorish sunblind, I striped with vermillion and orange, might afford a relief to the gloom. Anything less vivid ia futile: Hexton Gardens was of this order of archi tecture, and vainly h«d Mrs, Tresillian- Smith's artistic fancy struggled against the pervading greyness. The yellowy green of a portiere, between outer lobby and hall, and a beaded bamboo blind before a staircase window, testi fied to her ineffectual efforts. The gloomy impression of the street which the visitor carried with him into trie house was not dis pelled by such' feeble coloring as came within the narrow range of Mrs. Tresillian-Smith's taste. Arnold's high spirits yielded to the genius of the j)laee. lie was feeling almost unhappy when he pressed the electric bell at number j nineteen. He felt a gloom akin to despair . when he found himself shut iu by tho black- ' coated manservant in. the shadowy back j room which Mrs. Tresilliaii-Suiith -called her drawing-room;1 the two French windows' . of j -which were obscured by highly artiatie muslin ! blinds of a fetsblo yellow and a slatey blue. | 'Poor Mary, if this is the liveliest room in the house, I pity her,' thought Arnold. He felt as if he were within prison walls again, but the palms, tho silver table, the gor geous books piled ou another table, the Indian screen draped out of knowledge, the semi- i grand piano muffled in a Japanese curtain, and the general- air and manner of the room testi fied to its bestness. Evidently Mrs. Tresillian-Smith's chief reception- room and a room of which she was was proud. He tjat ten minutes in shadowy solitude. The firo in the ornamental grate was a miserable fire and gave neither flame nor heat. He had time in those ten minutes to open and shut every volume on tho loaded table. Drawing room books everyono of them ; crimson Russia, gilded vellum, antique ca!f, red edges, gold edges, aud nothing inside — certainly nothing that he, Arnold, wanted to read. It was f-uch a long ten minutes ; but Mary would come rushing in presently like living sunlight. Perhaps in strict etiquette he ought to have asked to see the lady of the house first and her charge afterwards, he thought; but then the circumstances were exceptional. A man does not come out of prison every day. The door opened slowly. Not Mary's band, surely ? Yes, it was Mary Freeland ; but she came towards him with lagging steps, vory pole, and as grave as a judge. Sho came about half-way across the room and then stopped and stood looking at him, with no out stretched hand to welcome him, no smile upon her pale lips, no light in her eyes. ' Mary, are you not glad to see me a free man again, cleared from that atrocious charge? Have you no good word for me? I came here hoping to find you half wild with joy, as I was when I came out of court, a free inan.' ' I don't think I shall ever know the mean ing of the word joy again,' she answered, standing before him like a statue. lie put his hands upon her shoulders as ho had done on their first meeting on board the steamer; but this time those strong hands gripped her almost fiercely, and there was ringer in the eyes which scrutinised her face. ' My God ! Can it be that you believe I murdered that woman?' ' I believe nothiug .' I am very miserable.' ? ' You don't know me well enough — you, the child I used to play with— you who knew my mother, my home, the way I was reared— all this knowledge doesn't help you to know that I am n jt a murderer V' 'All that knowledge goes for nothing against the life you led afterwards— the life of deliberate w'n. You lived with that woman and did not marry her, and left her to starve.' 'No.uo; I gave her more money than I carried away myself when I went to Africa.' ' Ob, it was basa and crjiel of you to leave her, base and cruel not to marry her, not to redi-em tho post, notto atone for tho evil you had done — for your sinful life.' ' Don't nrate. about my life,' ho cried fiercely. 'What do you know of a young man's life, flung on tho world, as I was, with out a friend, face to face with stern necessity? When that dead woman was my friend I had no other. Spare mo your schoolgirl sermon, Mary Freclarid, and tell me in plain words, do you believe me a murderer?11 Tears were her only answer. She flung her self into a chair, clasped her hands before her face, and sobbed broken -heart edly. ' I have your answer,' he said. 'I knew you were ignorant of life and the world you live in, but I thought your womanly instinct would have taught you to read the heart and mind of a man who loved you. Good-bye, little Mary. The woman who can believe me a scoundrel must bo a stranger to me; You and I have done with each other.' He went out of the room and out of the house. She looked up in the midst of her tears and listened, and when she heard the hall door shut behind him she slipped from the low chair to the floor, and lay there sobbing and moaning in self-abasement. Mrs. Tresillian-Smith was making a round of visits in the professional brougham, so Miss Freeland bad no fear of interruption. The brazen filigree plate with 'out' was exhibited on the hall table, and the drawing-room offered the isolation of a tomb. Poor Mary. Everybody about her had talked of Wildover's guilt as if it were a fact mathematically demonstrated. She had heard the case discussed again and again ; she had sat pale and sick with pain, while indifferent people went over the evidence, and allowed no loophole for the possibility of innocence. had^xdied'liier^^nV^JilB-aitt6n¥i^^f^ that other woman. She had read' ''La Dami ' aux (Amelias,1! and ha^ the romantio idfi* - which moBt innocent women cherish »bon| ;; their fallen .siBtera. Bhe idealised the guilty - lOye.and told herself that such passions alwaya ?lasted a lifetime. No man was ever cured ol v '.. - ' a love like that. And while she had flattereS herself that he loved her Mary Freeland, poojt * commonplace Mary Freeland, he was bouna : heart and mind by that chain in the past ' Yet,if he Btill loved that other woman, whr murder her I Jealousy, perhaps. He mighV - have discovered that she had been false to him in Mb absence and thu had been his deadly re« , venge. Moat of Mary's views of life were taken from plays or novels; and revenge wafe a grand factor in the scheme of existence which she had woven out of drama and romance. '..'?'. Oh, she feared, she feared that people must have judged him rightly and that he had dons this dreadful thing. How she blessed and thanked Mr. Chilbrick for his successful de fence and the good magistrate who had dis ! missed the oase against Arnold Wildover. He was free. He had all his life before him' in which to repent. She thought that he would turn Roman Catholic and join some severe - order of monks. She pictured his future in some Trappist monastery, never speaking save to tell a silent brother that he must die. Oh, what a sorry end to have come to, for Arnold, her brave, noble Arnold, the young man whom she had looked up to and admired when she wore a pinafore. She had carried his image in her heart ever since those childish days ; and the meeting with him on board the steamer had been like the sudden opening of paradise. __ Everybody told her that he was guilty. Sho had sat in her pale silence with sinking heart, nobody heeding her, while a famous Queen's counsel expatiated upon the Dynevor-streeb murder aud shook his head and shrugged his shoulders. Mary Freeland was young enough to believe in the ineffable wisdom of men of fifty, and that a distinguished barrister could not take a wrong view of circumstantial evi dence. She bad read every word that had been reported of the caso ; and it eeemed to her, in spite of that missing link in the matter of the weapon, that no one could doubt Arnold's guilt. She did not think of him aa a deliberate cold blooded murderer. She tried to mill jate the blackness of that dreadful crime. He had nob meant to kill the womau he had loved. Jealousy, revenge, some great convulsion of tragio passion, had maddened him. He had been moved by .blind fury,, bad been for the moment a madman. She niado her own theory of the murder, even while she bowed to the superior middle-aged wisdom which deuied the possi bility of his innocence. .If slie admitted his guilt she would at least have him guilty iu her own way. The post upon the evening following Ar uold'p visit brought Mary. 1« reeland a letter . from him. She had cot left her room since her interview with him, the mere idea pf Mrs. - TiesUliau-Sroith's ' sociul . circle, being in-? ? tolerable. She had pleaded a headache of the ? must distressing character ; and her . pallid face and heavy eyelids sustained the plea, to gether with the. fact that sho had been looking wretchedly ill ever since she came to Hextoa Gardens. 'I really am afraid South' Kensington doesn't agreo with , her,' Mre. Smith said so- . k'runly, ;ts if such a fact hardly came within the raugc of the possible. 'She wants a tonic,' Dr. Smith answered carelessly. ' I'll have a look at ber before lunch.' Mary Freeland allowed the general prac titioner to prescribe for her, and lay all day in her darkened room persistently miserable. Ib was the last post which brought her Arnold's letter a little before 10 o'clock. She heard the squeaking of a violin as the housemaid opened the door; and ube -had been hearing double knocks nnd loud bells for the last half hour, inasmuch as this was one of Mrs. Trcsillian Saii cb's evenings. She sprang up from her bed directly the housemaid left her and ran to her writing tab'e, where there was a candle burning under a rose- colored shade. Half the elegance of Mrs. Tresillian-Smith's house was expressed in paper candle-shadeB. She tore off the envelope with trembling hands, her eyes devoured Arnold's 'letter, which began abruptly enough. ' When I walked into the street yesterday afternoon a free man, acquitted by the magis trate's dismissal, it never entered my thoughts that any mortal could believo me guilty. Hov* much less could I think that you, Mary, would be my accuser ? You, who know iny fatherand mother, who know from what raco I spring, of what stuff I am made — you to believe me to be a murder ! It is unthinkable ! My mind cannot realise the condition of yours. 'Since I saw you yesterday I have seen the same belief in other faces. I have begun to feel myself a pariah. My first intention after leaving you was to go straight back to Africa — I event went to the shipping agent, and was on tho point of engaging my berth on the next outgoing steamer when I changed my plan in a moment. It would be a cowardly act to beat; a retreat before an unjust judgment even though inclination would take me bacl^o the goldfields and the hard free life that suited me bo well. No, I said to myself, I will hold my ground. I will not leave England till I have cleared myself in Mary's eyes. ' That was my resolve yesterday evening, Mary. That is my determination to-day. Henceforth I shall only live to clear myBelf ol this odious suspicion. The sole business of my lifo will be to prove to you, if not to the rest of tho world, that this hand of mine is not the hand of a murderer. ' And that I should murder her, thafgentle, unoffending creature, ever ready to expiate her sorrowful paet by acts of womanly self sacrifice. All my business with bt-r that night was to persuade her to one lost act of self abnegation. I was bound to her by every tie of honor and affection ; and I asked her to forgive my inconsistency and to release ma in order that I might offer mysu'i to another woman, whose youth and innocence had stolon into my heart unawares. ' And now youth and innocence, for whioh I was ready to break a loving woman's heart, condemn me unheard. It is the irony of fate, Mary. Her love— guilty as you would deem it — was the rock. Yours is the shifting sand. 'But I mean to prove that I am not tha scoundrel you think me. 'A.W.' That was all. There were no tender words, . though the letter told her for the first time that he had loved her. Had loved her I His lova was dead now, she thought It had withered at her cruel accusation. She to believe him guilty-rshe who had known him in his boyT hood, she who had spent those happy days with him on board the ship. Could she as sociate the idea of a horrid crime with the manf she had loved and admired and believed In only a few weeks ago? She hated herself for her oonduot of yesterday. There had been tima for her to repent of her weak- mindedness, her folly in believing that hateful Queen's oounseL and all those wretches who wen in suoh haste to condemn a man of whom they knew nothing. Of whom they knew nothing. Yet, that was their excuse for harsh judgment. Bui that she, his playfellow of old, his fnend of \ few weeks past— she who knew every line in his face, every tone in his voice— that she could think biro a murderer I Well it only served to prove what a poor brainless' creature wa -???? ; ' ? ? ' ??- $ I . . ' m 'A womin with Wns would neTerhav© misjudged him,' ehe toldhertelf. ! : All her ideas about him bad altered since yesterday. It needed only for her to Bee him rod hear him for her feelings and conyiotdanB to change; not at firat, not In s moment^ but ; n those long hours in which she had lam .in her darkened room with aohing heart an- lOhisg bead that no tonio treatment could {rare, recalling his looks and words, living over igain that terrible interview which ahe had neant to be their last. She had condemned him upon Circumstantial evidence like those other indifferent Judges yrho had prated about the closeness of the net work of circumstance which enmeshed him. ' She had recalled the ohange in his mood a few days before the vessel came into port— his gloomy manner, hfa curious avoidance of her, bis absent-minded and troubled air the morn ing they parted, the morning of Christmas Eve. She remembered his agitation upon reading the report of the murder, how be bad Stood before her ghastly and speechless. On touch evidence as this, strengthened by the details in the newspapers and the almost tinircrsal opinion of his guilt, Mary Preeland bad condemned him. She bated herself now for her willingness to think eviL 'A woman whose love was worth having would have trusted him in spite of the world, she thought 'How he must despise me — what a poor creature he must think me.' She read his contempt for her between the lines of hia letter. His allusions to that dead woman ?—the woman he bad loved for years and who had been to him as a wife— stung Mary Free land to the quick. She was jealous of his regard for that poor ghost 'She would have acted like a heroine,' thought Mary, 'and I have acted like a fool. He can never care for me again. lie may Want to clear himself from tbat hideous charge, to make me repent my words, but not for love of me, only from a man's natural pride in hie own character. He wants to clear himself for his own sake, not for mine.' There was no address upon Arnold's letter, or Alary would have written to him that night in her subjugation of spirit She would have written upon hor knees to implore his pardon. (She could know no happiness in life till she was reconciled to him. The next morniug she was really ill, and Dr. Tresiih'an-Sinith brought in a brother practitioner later in the day for a consultation. As an inmate of bis house in his wife's charge, almost a ward, he was particularly anxious about her. ' ,-ihe has looked languid and miserable ever since she has been with us,' he told the physician, 'though she would never confess to feeling ill. Nothing my wife could do to put her in good spirits was of any use, We were told she was a high-spirited lively girl ? but £ really don't believe such a doleful young woman ever came into a house.' 'A love affair, no doubt,' Baid the doctor, and having determined tbat the mind was out of gear he straightway prescribed for the cure of the body, which, after all, seemed the more important element in the matter. 'The poor child has fretted herself into a low fever,' he said. ' I should take her to the en si coast if I were you, Smith, as soon as you get her up again, and let her ride or play golf ior a month or two.' \To be continued.) 