A Brave Soldier. ? . #. LORD CHARLES BERESFORD. (Fossil.) The crowd acclaimed 'Charlie!' in the familiar way that crowds have in London. Lord ' Charlie'-in M3 ride had to go bareheaded in the hot sun from the beginning to the end of the 'Record' procession. No hardship that, however, to a man who had marched through the deseit to Gak-dul. benn knocked over in the rush of Farzy-Wnzzy into the big f quare at Abu-Klea, fough't at Metemneh like an ancient Trojan or a fin-de-sie.de Irishman, engaged an Arab battery for a whole day with a s'eamer at anchor with a round shot through her boiler, put the fear of All*h and the Giaour geaerally into the whole of the Mahdist forces in the very hour of their victory, actually in the delirous moment of fulfilled prediction, and all in the broad glare of a sun in com parison with which tho sun shining on St. Paul's 011 the 22nd day of June, 1897. was like a painted fire. Lord 'Charlie' is pure to have found his hatless condition under the shade of popular applause very much better. But this i3 not the reason why 1 have brought this hero up out of the vasty deep which is the fishing ground for the journalist. That would have been without any relevancy. The fact is that Lord Charles Beresford has jusb said the best thing during the discussion on the main facts of Imperial and colonial defence. Ho has, moreover, done it jusb in his particular way, without effort, with much vigour, and at; tho very best moment— what the scientific people and the novelists call the ' psychological moment.' He has always been true to that moment. For example, once upon a fme he wa3 weary with a long day after wildgoose. For 12 hours he had tramped and shot, and there he was on the deck of his ship, H.M.S. Galatea, Duke of Edin burgh captain, wet, hungry, thoroughly done up. eagerly inhaling the pleasant steam of dinner, one eye on ' bitters,' the other on tho brilliant light shooting up through the hatchway— one of the very best psychological moments, surely. And so it was, but not that way. 'Man overboard!' The water waa black and icy— it was* at the Falkland Islands, aad the depth of winter at that — and there was ice floating all about, making ugly music against the big ship's burnished sides. Lord Charles, a great swimmer, a subscriber to 'noblesse oblige,' the noblesse in this casa of swim ming perfection, accepted the psychologi cal moment. Without stopping to take off coat (its pockets bulging with cart ridges'^ or boots, he just seized a coil of — rope with one hand and went overboard from the gangway by -which he had just entered. The sentry had gone over from there, rifle, greatcoat, and all, and the only chance was to grip him before he reached the surface. So over went Lord 'Charlie,' and down he went — down, down, down, until he began to think, as he described it, that tho other end of the rope wasn't fastened to anything. But . he kept fast hold, as all true sailors do — your sailor never lets go anything when in trouble— and presently overtook his man, grabbed him with the other hand, and in due course arrived in his company at the surface among the ice. 'The sbip'3 corporal helped us out, ' says he, in telling the story, 'and there an end.' The story is typical. It tell3 of a clear eye for duty of the highest standard, of the cour age to do it in spite of difficulties mosfa repellent, oE the modesty which makes .light of great things done. There was not much difficulty about the psychological moment of the other day. It was simply the moment for say ing the right thing about the.colonies when everybody not colonial seemed.inclined to say wrong things. 'You attend to the bases,' said Lord Charles, addressing the colonies generally, ' and you will do your duty. well. We will manage the shipping part - of the business, and that is our duty.' As a naval officer and ex-Lord Of the Admiralty, and a man of vigorous common sense, he could have said noth ing bet'er. The colonies agree with them as their defence . works show, and they will not forget him. But he always spoke his mind wherever he waa and whoever he might be with. Irrepressible he was always ; it was his chief characteristic, from the first. In ' Honolulu he beguiled the time by hauling down the American flag flying over the Consul's house ; in Holyhead ho brought) - down half the signs v\ the street ; in Portsmouth he had several rounds with a 'cabby ;' wherever he was he was always in some scrape. In his middle-age it is the same as in his hot youth. He carea for no proprieties — he is bound by no conventionalities. Of tho Navy and its state, and its ships, and its men he speaks the best that is in him. Whether what he aaya cuts the hearts of my Lords of the Admiralty, it is all one to him, ho says it. In his young days my Lord ordered his commanding officers to send in monthly reports of the trouble some officer's doings ; in his middle-age they shiver' at his frankness, they delay his promotion, they deprive him of hia proper periods of service. There ia no one who can fight lite hiaij no one with such splendid daring, no one who lives ao systematically up to the old traditions, ft either is there any other who can show such a record of Parliamentary work, undertaken, not for ambition's sake, but for the sake of the service. He knew the ways of the owls in the crow's nest, and he went into Parliament because it stands over that eminence. That he gave a good account of himself there no one, except my Lords, who are ready to faint when they see uncompromising vigour, fora moment doubts. By-tlie-way, talking of his irrepressi bility, few, I dare say, remember a striking example of it in Sydney during the stay of the Galatea. The big Dock / on Cockatoo Island, which had not long been finished, was remarkable for strange noises . at night, for which no one could' account. What more natural or more true, to historic precedent than a general idea that the place was haunted ? History repeats ' itself - continually. Everything unknown is given a spiritual source. The popular imagination accordingly evolved grim nightly processions of departed prisoners and tyrannous ' officials, ghostly orgies, the dance of death, ? and great was the superstitious terror. Lord Charles Beresford under took to- lay the ghost whatever it might be, and succeeded, though by an amusing fluke. He spent a night in the dock with the old boatswain of the. Galatea, aDd they spent it in running up and down trying to locate tne usual noises, which went merrily on quite regardless of their presence. The irrepressible gave it up at last, but even then he could not bo repressed. As he was leaving the dock he emphasised his disappointment as young fellows will do' by lashing out sullenly at a dirty old plank lying across a rugged ledge of rock and 110c improbably said a naughty word or so. Over went the plank, and out came two big frogs out of a hole, andlo ! the ghost was found. Lord Charles was on this occasion the irrepressible malgre lui. On all other other occasions ho has enacted the role with his full and well« : planned concurrence. For instance, driv eng tbxough Alexandria on the day of the epoch-making massacre with a friend ho found the mob closing up around killing right; and left, and detected - sympathy with the mob in the eyes and dilatorines of the scoundrel' cabby. To make one spring on to the box, take the reins, and drive ahead at full gallop was ? : to Charlie Beresford the most natural -: thing in the world. On the other side ,v ?. the mob found in the most natural thing in tho world to fall back and let the mad thingpass. How close a shave it was,sub- ? sequently was seen when seventy-three ibodes of Europeans beaton to death were taken out of that sarnVstreet. The Condor episode that followed is not yet forgotten. 'Well done Condor,' ths Admiral signaled, and the whole fl et applauded the little vessel/which, handled with the greatest skill and daring, had -= dodged the great shot for hours, and ''* pounded its big enemy handsomely to boot. The reason why Beresford partic ularly enjoyed the feat was that it was against orders. He had not been ordered to attack 15 gu-s [with three, the three small, and the rest divided into two 8 ton, two 12 ton, two lOin. two 9in., two 32 plunders, and five mortars. But he at.tni-1rivl. an A lip managed to silence, the fort. It was better than 'fluttering about to render aseistance and carry rne*sagO3. After that he was energetic in the restoring of order, but failed to get to the front for Tel-eMvebir, though he tried hard. It was the only suppression of his career. . In 1884 he saw war on land m earnest getting his first whiff of Arab smoke at Abuklea. He was with Stewart's column as it marched out of camp in^ square and came in presence of the enemy. Halt ing at 400 yards to straighten up the formation, they saw the enemy spring to their feet under their long lines of wav ing banners. Drawn up they were in a dense phalanx, with three cones projecting in front, each headed by an Emir with a banner. They came on wi h a swift, quick step— with the steadiness of regular troops on parade. The Mounted Infantry and the Guards faced them ; on the left flank and rear corner were the 'Heavies,' serving as infantry ; on the rear the Naval Brigade, under Lord Charles Beresford, with the Sussex Regiment making up the left flank, the camels and baggage in the centre. On came the Arabs, swift and springy as panthers, steady as veteran solditrs, in spite of the deadly roll of musketry poured into their thick masses by the Mounted Infantry and the Guards. 1 he dead and wounded falling gave the advancing column the appearance of a labouring ship with great masses of broken water falling away from her bows and sidos. 'I pitied them from my heart,' wrote General Wilson, in his chranicle of the battle, as he testified to their sublime gallantry. _ ' I never thought any troops could live for 400 yards through such a fire,' he added. 'When the column got within 80 yards it suddenly moved off to its right, with the precision and steadiness of a parade manoeuvre, and before anyone knew what was happening it wheeled suddenly to its right, s' ruck the Heavies and the N avals, and its leaders were among the camels in tbe centre of the square. The Arabs swept over the Heavies in a whirl, and over the Navals on their right at the same moment. Burnaby had fallen m front of his men ; cartridges were jamm ing in the Martinis in all directions. y 'Wilson saw the men throwing their rifles .from., them with curses as the Arabs rushed on themTiiiid there was terrible confusion. The 'Gardner' (jammed at this moment in the hands of the Navals. The ca pi* in of that gun and Lord Charles were busy trying to free the cartridge when the enemy burst upon them. The captain of tho gun was killed, Lord Charles was knocked down, and every other officer in the brigade lost his life. .me --l-raos iosi lime auiuug me i-awcis. The rear ranks of tho Guards and Mounted Infantry, taking advantage of the delay, faced about and poured in a withering fire, kil'ing camels, officers, Arabs — everything wi'hin range. The Heavies aud sailors did the same, and the square was restored, not one Arab escaping out of the square they had so gamely broken. Lord Charles did gr-. at work that day. His next exploit was the most brilliant of the war. He was lying ill in his hut after the fight at Metemneh, when word was brought to him ihat Wilson, who had taken two steamers up to Khartoum on that famous expedition of his, was shipwrecked and cut off. In a moment he was out of bed, on board the only available steamer — a thing 'rotten with age and caulked with rags' — and going lull speed to me rescue, un tne way ne engaged a big fort mounting two heavy guns, and during the fight his boiler was disabled. All day he fought, and while he fought he drew the fires and got ready for repairing the damage. The necessary boiler-plates he owed to his own forethought. In len hours the boiler was mended, and during those ten hours Beresford's men had kept down the fire of the Arab artillery. The ~;*a?iuy might have sunk him if they had thought of the simple expedient of tak ing a gun out of their fort and open ing fire at a point further down, but they did not think of it. In the morning the little vessel puffed out in triumph and saved Wilson and his party. So great was the moral effect of this fight that the enemy refrained from molesting the retreat of the expedition to Eorti. But why go on with the story of abrava man, whose story is in many respects the story of the navy of his time. That he will one day be at the head of his profes sion do one doubts. That he may be the greatest admir.il of our time most men are assured vt ho know the skill that he possesses, who understand his daring character and his fearless independence, and realise his capacity for taking pains, as witness the incident of the boiler-plates of the Safieh. May be one day command in the waters of those countries whose position he understands so well.— S.M. Herald. 