THE CHRISTIAN. By HALL CAINE, Author of 'The Manxman,' ' Tho Deemster, ' 'The Scapegoat,' 'The Last Confession,' 'The Bondsman,' &o.; IPublisheu by special arrangement with the Author. All rights resericd.J To the Reader of 'The Cueibtiax.'~Iu making * picture of what I lake to be the great intellectual movement of our lime in England and in America— the movement towards Cliristian Socialism— I have been irresistibly drawn from the general study of types to llie particular study of individual persons, living an! dead ; and following good precedent, 1 have freely used the sayings and doings and in eome instances ibe letters of recognisable people. It is inevitable, and »tvhav-s dcsivaAilt. that t»is should be observed ; but lest there should be any tendency to draw the natural inference tliat individual portraits are intended, I take the opportunity of saying that I dare not claim any authority, except that of the irre sponsible story- teller, and the scenes described in this story are not always to be identified with the localities wherein 1 have placed them.— Hall Cains. THIRD BOOK. The Dkvil'8 Ache. Chapter XIII. A week passed. Breakfast was over at Victoria-square, and John Storm w:is glancing over the pages of a weekly paper. 'Listen !' ho cries, and then read in a light tone of mock bravery that broke dowa at length into a husky gurgle— ' ' The sympathy which has lately been evoked by the announcement that a proprietary 1 church in Soho has been sold for secular uses is creditable to public sentiment . . .'' 'Think of that, now,' interrupted Mrs. Callender. '' . . . . and no doubt the whole com munity will agree to hope that Father Storm will recover from tho irritation natural to bis eviction . . . .'' 'Aye, we can all get over another body's disappointment, laddie. '' '' . . . but there is a danger that in this instance the altruism of the time may de velop a sentimentality not entirely good for public morals. . . .'' 'When the ox is down there aro lots of butchers — ye ken.' ' ' . . . With the _ uses to which the fabric is to be converted it is no part of our purpose to deal, farther than to warn the public not to lend an ear to the all too prurient purity of the amateur moralist ; but, considering the character of the work now carried on in Soho, no doubt with the beat in tentions . . .'' 'Aye, aye. It's easy to steal the goose and give the giblefe in alms.' '' . . . it behoves us to consider if the community is not to be congratulated on its speedy and effectual ending. Fathor Storm is a young man of some talents and social posi tion, but without any special cxparienoe) or knowledge of the world. . . .' ?' 'Oh, yes, he's dow^i, down with him !' ' ' . . . And therefore it is monstrous that he should be allowed to subvert the order of social life or disturb the broad grounds of the reasonable and the prac tical. . . .'' ''Nevermind. High winds only blow on high hills, laddie.' ' * . f . . .- As for the ' fallen sister' whom Ire has taken under his special care, we confea to a feeling that too much sympathy has beei wasted on her already. ' Her feet take hok of hell ; her house is the way of the grave, going down to the chamber of doath.' Mrs. Callender leapt to her feet. ' Tbat'i tho deacon — I ken the cloven hoof.' John Storm had flung the paper away. 'What a cowardly world it is,' he said. 'But God wins in the end, and by God he shall !' 'Tut, man, don't tak' on like that. You can't climb the Alp3 on roller skates, you see. But, as for ihe deacon, pooh ! I'm no windy about your 'sisters' and 'settlements' and aic like, but if there had been society papers in the Lord's time Simon the Pharisee would hava baen a namby-pamby critic compared to some of them.' A moment afterwards she was looking out of the window and holding up both hands. 'My gracious ! It's himself ! It's the Prime Minister !' A gaunt old gentleman with a meagre moustache, wearing a broad brimmed hat and unfashionable black clothes, was stepping up to the door. ' Yes, it's my uncle,' said John, and the old lady fled out of the room to change her cap. 'I have heard what has happened, John, so I have come to see you,' said the Prime Minister. Was he thinking of the money? John felt uneasy and ashamed. 'I'm sorry, my boy, very sorry.' 'Thank you, uncle.' ' But it all comes, you see, of the ridiculous idea that we aro a Christian nation. Such a thing couldn't have occurred at tho shrine of a pagan god.' 'It was only a proprietary church, uncle. I was much to blame.' 'What difference of principle docs that make, ray boy y j\One at all. To sell a churcli seems like the climax of irreverence, but they are doing as bad everyday. If you want to see what times the Church has fallen on look at the advertisements in your religious papers, your 'Benefice and Churcli Patronago Gazettes,' and so forth. A traffic, John, a slave traffic, worse than anything in Africa, where they sell bodies, not souls.' 'It is u crime which cries to the avenging anger of heaven, sir,' said John ; ' but it is the Establishment that is to blame, uot the Church, uncle.' 'We are a nation of money-lenders, my boy, and tho Church is the worst usurer of them all, with its learned divines in scarlet hoods, who hold shares in music-halls, and its fathers in God living at easa and leasing out public- houses. You have been lending money on usury, too, and on a bad security. What aro you going to do now ?' 'Go on with my work, uncle, and do ten hours where I did five before.' 'And get yourself kicked where you got yourself kicked before !' 'Why not? If God puts 10 pounds on a man He gives him strength to bear L'O.' 'John, John, I am feeling rather sore and I can't bear much more of it. I'm growing old and my life is rather lonely, too. Except your father you are my only kinsman now and it seem3 as if our old family must die with you. But come, my boy, come, throw up all this sorry masqueraded Isn't there a woman in the world who can help m« to persuade you? I don't care who she is, or what, or where she comes from.' John had colored to the eyes and was stam mering something about thu true priest cut off from earthly marriage — therefore free to commit' himself completely to his work — when Mra. Calleuder came back, spruce and smart, with many smiles and curtsies. Tho Prime Minister greeted her with the same old fashioned curtsey and they cooed away like twt) old doves, until a splendid equipage drove uj) to the door and the plain old gentleman drove away in it. ' Wasn't he nice with me— wasn't he now ?' the old lady kept saying aud John being silent, 'Tut, you young men aro just puir loblolly boys with a leddy when the auld ones come.' Going to Soho that day John Storm felt a sudden thrill at seeing on the street in front of him, walking in the saino direction, an elderly figure in cassock and cord. It was the Father superior ot tiie urotiierliood. John overtook him aud greeted him. ' Ah, I was on my way to see you, my son.' 'Then you have heard what has happened V' ' Yes, Satan's shafts fly fast. ' Then taking John's arm as they walked, 'Earthly snuba are but reminders of Him, my son, like the hair shirt of the monk, and this trouble of yours is God's reminder of your broken obedience. What did I teli you when you left us— that you would come 'back within a year? And you will ! Leave the world, my son. It treats you badly. Tho human spirit reigns over it ;\nd even the Churcli is a Christian society out of the sphere aud guidanco of the Divine spirit. Leavo it and return to your unfinished vows.' John shook his head and took the father into the clergy house, whore tho girls were gathering for the evening. 'How can I leavo the world, father,' he said, 'when there's work like this do? Society pre sents to'a large proportion of these bright creatures the alternative, 'Sell yourself or starve.1 But God says, 'Live, work, and love.' Therefore society is doomed and that dead man's sepulchre, tho Establishment is doomed, but the Church will live and become the corner-stone of the amv order and stand between woman and the world as it stood of old between the poor and the rich !' K The father preached for John that night, taking for his text, 'Tho flesh lustcth against the spirit and the spirit against the Hcsh.' And on parting from liim at tho door of the sacristy he said, 'lteligious work can only bo ,good, my son, if it concerns itself first of all with the salvation of souls. Now what it it pleased God to remove you from all this— to call you to a work of interca sion— -say to the mission field ?' John's faco turned pale. ' There can ba no need to fly,' ho said with a frightened look. 'Surely London is a mission field wide enough for any man.' 'Yet, who knows? Perhaps, for your own soul's sake, lest vanity should take bold of you, or tho lovo of fame, or ? ? ? or any of the snares of Satan ! But good-bye, and God be with you ! When John Storm reached home he found a letter awaiting him. It was from Glory— 'Are you dqad and buried? If so send me word that i may compose your epitaph. 'Here lies. ? ? ? - l,\ea is good, 'for though ypu didn't promise to come Awskr --i you ought to have done so, therefore it comes .,':.;, ~i to tho aamo thing in the end. YoffiTJmjstmot; S think too ill of Mr. Drake. I caUVJmn . tue , milk of human kindness and his fn&nS;!3i6rcl ; : Robert the oil thereof— I mean the oil of vitriol. But his temper is like the Caspian Sea, having neither ebb nor flow, while yours is like the Bay of Biscay O, so I can't expect you to agree. As for poor me, I may be guil--v- of all tho seven deadly sinp, but I can't, see why 1 6hould bu boycotted ou tu»c »ocouufc There is something I didn't know when you were here, and I want to explain about it. Therefore, come 'rigtit away' (Lord Bob, Americanised). Being slow to anger and plenteous in mercy, I will forgive you if you oomesoon. If you don't I'll . . . I'll go on tho bike— feminine equivalent to the drink. To tell you the truth, I've done so already, having been cawering around the gardens of the iun during the early hours of morning clad in Rosa's ' bloomers,' in which I make a picture and a senEation at the same time, she being several sizes larger round the hips and fearfully rnd wonderfully made. It that doesn't fttdi you I'll go in for boxing next and in a pair of 0-oz. gloves I'll cut a striking figure 1 can tell you. ' But, John Storm, have you cast me off entirely? Do you intend to abandon me? Do you think there is no salvation left for we and are you going to let mo Bink in all this mire without stretching out a hand to help me? Oh dear, oh dear ! I don't know what has come ovet the silly old world since I came back to London. Think it must be teething, judging by the sharpness of its bite, and feel as it I should like to give it a dose of syrup of squills. 'Gloet.' As John rend the letter his eyelids quivered snd hj3 mouth relaxed. Then ho glanced at it again and his face ciouded. ' 1 cannot leave her utterly to the mercy of wen like these,' ho thought. This innocent darling, this babe-like ripping up of serviceable conventions. God knows what advantage such men might take of it. He must see her at once again — to warn, to counsel her. It was his duty— ho must not shrink froni it It had been a day of painful impressions to Glory- Early in the morning Lord Robert had called to take her to the 'reading' of the now ' plav. It took place in the Ealoon of an un ' occupied Strand theatre, of which the staee ? also had been engaged for rehearsal. The ' company were gathered there, and being more ' cr less experienced actors and actresses they I received her with looks of courteous indul ' gence, as one whose leading place must be due I to other things than talent. This stung her, die felt her position to be a false one, and was ' vexed that she had permitted Lord Robert to call lor her. But her humiliation had yet haidly begun. | While they stood waiting lor tne manager, ?who was late, a gorgeous person with a waxed moustache and in a fur-lined coat, redolent of the mixed odor of peffume and stale tobacco, crushed his way up to her and offered his card. She knew the man in a moment. ' I'm Josephs,' he said in a confidential undertone, ' and if there's anything 1 can do for you— acting management— anything— it vill give me pleesure.' Glory Hushed up and said, 'But you don't eeem to remember, sir, that we have met before.' The man smiled blandly. 'Oil, yes, I've Icept track of you ever since and know all about you. You hadn't made your appearance then, and naturally I couldn't do mueb. But now now if you vill give me de pleesure 'Then an agent is one who can do nothing for you when you want help, but when you don't want it . . .' The man laughed to carry off his audacity. ' Veil, you know vhat they say of us— agent from ageiv, 'to do,' aud ve're always 'doing.' Ua, ha ' But if you are villing to let bygones be. bygones, 1 am, and velcome.' Glory's face was crimson. 'Will somebody go for the stage doorkeeper?' she said, and one of the company went out on that errand. Then raising her voice so that everybody listened eaid, 'Mr. Josephs, when I was quite un known and trying to get on, and finding it very hard, as we all do, yo\i played me the cruellest trick a man ever played on a woman. I don't owe you any grudge, but for the sake of every poor girl who is struggling to live in London 1 am going to turn you out cf the Iiouse.' ??VliH Vli«(-'»' The Btage doorkeeper had entered. ' Porter, do you see this gentleman '( He is nover to | come into this theatre, again as long as we are ] hero, and if he tries to force his way in you are to call a policeman aud have him bundled back into the street.' 'Daddle doo,' and the waxed moustache over thfi grinning inoutli seemed to cut the face across. When Josephs had gone Glory could see that the looks of indulgence on the faces of the company had gone sIeo. 'She'll do,' iaid one. 'She's got the stuff in her,' said another, but Glory herself was now quaking with fearjand her troubles were not yet ended. A little stout gentleman entered hurriedly with a roll of papers in his hand. He stepped op to Lord Robert, apologised for being late, and mopped his bald crown and red face. It was Seftoii. j 'This is to be our manager,1' said Lord Robert and Mr. Seftoii bobbed his head, winked with both eyes, aud said 'Charmed, I'm suvo, charmed !:- Glory could have sunk into the eartli for cliaine, but in a moment sho had realised the crushing truth that when a woman has been insulted in the deepest place, in her honor, the best she can do is to say nothing about it. The company seated themselves around the Ealoon and the reading was begun. First came the list of characters, with the names of the cast. Glory's name and character came last and her nnrves throbbed with sudden pain when the manager suid — 'And Gloria— Miss Glory Quayle.' There was a confused murmur and then the company composed themselves to listen. It was Gloria's play. It was rather scandalous. After the first r.ct Glory thought it was going to be the story of Nell Gwynne in modern Jife, after the second of Lady Hamilton, aud after the third, in which the woman wrecks and ruins the first man in England, she knew it was only another version of 'The Harlot's Progress,' and must end as that had ! ended. j The actors were watching their own parts and pointing and punctuating with significant looks the places where the chances came, but Glory was overwhelmed with confusion. How was she to play this evil woman ? The poison went to the bone, and to get into the skin of such a creature a good woman would Have to dispossess herself of her very soul. Tho reading ended, every member of the company congratu lated some other member on the other's oppor tunities, and Sefton came up to Glory to ask if ehe did not find the play strong and tho part magnificent. 'Yes,' sho said, 'but only a bad woman could play that part properly.' 'You'll do it- my dear ; you'll do it on your own, he answered gaily, aud she went home perplexed, depressed, beaten down aud asliamed. A newspaper had been left at the door. It was a second - rate theatrical journal, still damp from the press. The handwriting on the wrapper was Joseph's and there was a paragraph marked in blue .pencil. It pre tended to bo a record of her short career and everything was in it — the programme-selling, the dressing, the foreign clubs— all tho refuse of her former existence, set in a sinister light and leaving an impression of abject upbring ing as of one who had been in the streets, if not on them. Well, she had chosen her life and mnst take it at its own price. But, oh ! the cruelty of the world to a woman, when her very tsuccesB could be her- shame ! She felt that tite ' past had gripped llrer again— Uia iiitOaes past — ! That night she wrote to John Storm and next morning before Rosa had risen — her duties kept her up late — she heard a voice downstairs. Her dog also heard it and began to bark. At tho next moment John was in the room and sho was laughing up into his splendid black oyea, lor -lie had caught her down at the sofa holding the dog's nose and trying to listen. 'Is it you? It's so good of you to come oarly. But this dos,' breaking into the Manx dialect, 'she's ter'ble, just tcr'blei' Rising aud lookinc serious, 'I wish to tell you that 1 knf.w nothing about tho church — nothing whatever. If I had had the least idea . . . but theyjtold me nothing, it was very wrong, nothing . . . and the first thing I knew was when I saw it all iu the newspapers.' He was leaning on the end of the mantel piece. ' If they deceived you like that how can you go on with them V' lie said. 'You mean' (she was leaning on the other end and sptaking falteringly) 'you mean that I ought to give it all up. But it's too late for that now. It was too late when I came to know. Besides, it would do no good. You would be in the same position still, and as for me— well, somebody else would have the tbeatie, so ivliere's theuse?'' 'I was thinking of the future, Glory; not the past. People who deceive us once are capable of doing so again.' ' True ; that's true — only — only . . .' Sho was breaking down and be turned his eyes away from her, saying, 'Well, it's all over now and there's no help for it.' 'No, there's no help for it.' He tried to think what he had come to say, but do what be could he couid not remember. The moment he looked at her the thread of his thoughts was lost ; and the fragrance of her presence, so sweety bo close, made him feel as if lie wanted to touch her. There was an awk ward silence and then he fidgeted with his hat and morpd. ' Are you going so soon ?' ' I'm busy and . . .' ' Ye«, you must be busy now.' 'And then why — why should we prolong a painful interview, Glory ?' She shot up a look under her eyebrows. His eyes had a harassed expression, but there was a gleam in them that set her heart beating. ' Is it so painful ? Is it 5' 'Glory, I meant to tell you I could not come again. 'No ! You're not so busy as all that, are you? Surely . . .'(the Manx again, only she seemed to be breathless now) 'surely you're not so ter'ble busy but you can just put a sight on a girl now and again for all.' He made a gesture with bis hand. 'It dis turbs — distracts . . .' 'Oh. is that all? Then,' with a forced laugh, 'I'll come to sea you instead. Yes, I will though.' 'No, you mustn't do that, Glory. It would only torment . . .' ' Torment ! Gough bless me ! Why tor ment !' aud a fugitive Game shot up at him. 'Because . . .' ho stammered, and she could see that his lips quivered ; then calmly, very calmly, pronouncing the words slowly and iu a voice as cold as ice . . . ' because I love you.' 'You . . .' 'Didn't you know that':' His voice was guttural. ' Haven't you known it all along ? What's tho use of pretending? You've dragged it out of me— was that only to show your power over me ?' 'Oh !' She had heard what her heart wanted to hear and not for worlds would she have missed hearing it, yet sho was afraid and she was trembling all over. ' We two are of different natures, Glory, that's the trouble between us — now and always has been. We have nothing in common, abso lutely nothing. You have chosen your path in life, and it is not my path. I have chosen mino, and it is not yours. Your friends are not my friends. We are two different beings altogether, and yet ... and yet I love vou. aud that's whv I caunot come asrain.' It was sweet, but it was terrible. So different from what she had dreamt of. ' I love you — you are my soul — I cannot live without you !' Yet he was right. She had slain his love before it was born to her — it was born dead. In an unsteady voice, which had suddenly become husky, she said — 'No doubt you are right. I must leave you to judge. Perhaps you have thought it all out.' 'Don't suppose it will be easy for me, Glory. I've suffered a good deal, and no doubt I shall suffer more yet. If so I'll bear it. But for the sake of my work. . . .' 'Ah: . . . But of course I can't expect ... naturally you love your work also . . .' 'I do love my work also and therefore it's no use trifling. ' If thy eyes offend . . .;' 'She was stung. 'Well, since there's no help for it, I suppose we must shake hands and part.' Not until than, not until ho had pronounced his doom and she had accepted it, did ho realise how besutiful she seemed to him. He felt as if somethinsr in his throat wanted to cry out. | 'It isn't what I expected, Glory, what I dreamt of for years.' 'But it's best . . . it seems it's best.' ' I tried to make a place for you, too, but yon wouldn't have it, you let it go, you pre ferred this other lot iu life.' She remembered Josephs and Sef ton and the newspaper and the part and she covered her face witli her hands. ' How can. I go on, Glory, to the peril of my . . . It's dangerous, even dangerous.' ''Yes, you are a clergyman and 1 am an actress. You must think of that. People are so ignorant, so cruel, and I daresay they are talking already.' 'Do yon think I should care for that, Glory?' Her hands came down from her face. 'Do you think I sliould care one jot if all the miserable scandalmongering world thought . . .' ' You'Jl think the best of me then ?' 'I'll think of both of us as we used to be, my child, before tLo world came between us, before you . . .' She was fighting against rii impulse to fling herself into his arms, but she only said iu a soft voice, 'You are quite right, quite justified. I have chosen my lot iu life aud must make the best of it.' 'Well. . . .' He was holding out his baud. But nevertheless she put her hand behind her, thinking, 'No, if I shako hands with him it will be the end of everything.' ' Good-bye !' aud with an expression of utter despair he left her. She did not cry, and when Rosa came down immediately afterwards she was smiling aud her eyes were very bright. 'Was that your friend, Mr. Storm 1 Yes ? You must beware of him, my dear. He would stop your career aud think he was doing God's service. ' ' There is no danger of that, Rosa. He only came to say ho would come no more,' and then something flashed in her eyes aud died away and then flashed again. 'Yes,' thought Rosa, 'there's an extraor dinary attraction about her that makes all other women seem tame.' And then Rosa remem bered somebody eke and eighed. John Storm went back to Sobo by way of Clare Market and when people sBaluted him in the tfcreets with 'Good mornilkg, father,' lie ?aii not aaiivrijr because he did' not 6Ce them. On spins' to i&Kich; that night he came upon a £iv4£t)l Dhsi'iivtitcaim bcllwf C to 4 against his getting off and a girl in gay clothes was waiting to speak to him. It was Aggie. She had come to plead for Charlie. 'It's the drink, sir. He's a good boy when he's not drinking. But I ask pardon for him and if you would only not prosecute. . . .' John was ashamed of himself at bight of the girl's fidelity to her unworthy lover. 'And you, my child — what about you?' 'Ob, I'm all right. What's broken can't be mended. . . .' And meanwhile the church belle were ring ing and the cabs were running to the theatres. Chatter XIV. The rehearsals bug^n early in the morning, and usually lasted until late in the afternoon. Glory found them wearisome, depressing, and often humiliating. The body of the theatre was below tho level of the street and in the daytime was little better than a vast vault. If ehe entered by the front she tumbled againBt Beats and saw tile figures of men and women silhouetted in the distance, and beard tho echo of cavernous voices. If by the back she came upon the prompter's table set midway across the stage, with a twin gas bracket shooting up behind it like a geyser, and an open space of some 20 feet by 20. in front whereon the imaginary passions were to disport themselves at play. Glory found real . ones among them and they were sometimes in hideous earnest. Jealousy, envy, uncharitableness, and all the rancour of life where the struggle for it is bitterest, attempted to take advantage of her inexperience, to rob her of the best posi tions on the stage, to cut out her lines which 'scored,' to impose upon her genius the two-penny-ha'penny traditions which were like the laws of the Medea and the Persians and not to be altered, these, with the weary waits, the half darkness, the chill atmosphere, the void in front with its seats iu linen covers, suggesting an audience of silent ghosts, and then the sense of the bright, bflsy, bustling, rattling, real world above, sent her home day after day with a headache, a heartache, aud tears bubbling out of her eyes. And when she had conquered these condi tions or settled down to them and had made such progress with her part as to throw away her scrip, the old horror of the woman she was to make herself iuto came back as a new terror. The visionary Gloria was very proud and vain and selfish and trampled everything under foot that she might possess the world and the things of the world. The real Gloria was not like that, yet there were points of resemblance between tliem and it seemed as if the author had somehow given the visionary woman the little traits and harmless tricks of the real one that sho might thereby lure her to give up her heart also. She came near to doing it too. Sometimes during a long scene, running through the whole gamu tof .passion, pride, vanity, selfishness, and even sensuality, she would awake as from a nightmare, with a horrible sense that the pleading, passionate, groaning, guttural voice she heard was not her own voice and that the evil woman had dispossessed her of herself. Then she would stop suddenly and looking round would see the company ranged about her, silent and with looks of astonishment. And meantime the real woman had a far different part to play. Every morning, with a terrible reality at her heart, she glanced over the newspapers for news of John Storm. She had not far to look. A 6ort of grotesque romance had gathered about him, as of a modern Don Quixote, tilting a windmills. His name was the point of a pun, there were cartoons, caricatures, and all other forms of the joke that is not a joke because it is an insult. Sometimes she took stolen glances at his work. On Sunday morning Bhe walked through Soho, passed the people sitting on their door steps reading the sporting intelligence in the Sunday papers, with their larks in cages hung on nails overhead, until she came to the church and heard the singing inside and saw chalked up on the walls the legend, 'God bless the Farther.' She heard that he was to be allowed to have a children's treat in one of the parks, and when rehearsal was over she hurried awav to the scene of it and came upon the little ones as they were coming home and scuttling across the fashionable thoroughfares like rats. Taking advantage of the gathering darkness, she picked up a little toddle who was whimpering aud dropping asleep and carried it across a line of carriages, and then came face to face with John Storm himself at the kerb of the opposite pavement with another child in his arms. Dusk as it was he saw her. but she hastened off, and he also turned away. ' Strange charge against a clergyman !' It was a low- class paper, aud the charge was a badge of honor. A young ruffian (it was Charles Wilkes) had been brought up on remand on a charge of assaulting Lather Storm and been sentenced to a week's imprisonment, notwith standing the father's appeal and otfer of bail, he had accused the clergyman of relations with his sweetheart (it was Agatha Jones). Glory's anger at the world's treatment of John Storm deepened to a great love of the down-trodden man. She saw an announcement of his last service and determined togotoit. Tho church was crowded, chiefly by the poor, and the air was heavy with a smell of oranges and beer. It was a week evening, and when the organ played and the choir came in, followed by John Storm in his black cassock, Glory could not help a thrill of physical joy at being near him. The text was, ' Woe unto you, Scribes and Pharisee, hypocrites ! for ye are like unto wbited sepulchres, which indeed appear beau tiful outside, but within are full of dead men's bones and all uncleanness.' The first half of the sermon was a denunciation of tho morality of men. We made clean the outside of the platter, but the so- called purity of England was a smug eham built.upou rottenness and sin. There were men among us damned sensualists left un touched by the idleness of the public con science, who did not even know where their children were to bo found. Let them go down into the gutters of life and look for their own faces and, God forgive them, their mothers' faces, among the outcast aud the criminal. The second half was a defence of woman. The sius of the world against woman were the most crying wrongs of the time. Had they ever reflected on the hero ism of women — on their self-denying, unre warded labor ? Ob, why was woman held bo cheap as in this immoral London of to-day ? There had been scarcely a breach of the law of nature by women, aud not one that men were not chiefly to blame for. Men tempted them by love of dress, of ease, of money, and of fame to forget their proper vocation ; but every true woman came right in the end and and preferred to the false and fictitious labor for worldly glory a mother's silent and unseen devotion, counting it no virtue at all. ' Yes, women, mothers, girls, in your hands lies the sah'ation of England. May you live in this prospect, and may God and his ever blessed Mother be your reward all through this weary life and iu glory everlasting.' (To he continued.) 