I bladys : A Woman of I Courage. It bt.S.; BAKING-GOULD, lj. AoU'0' 'VThrBroom-Squire,'!; moor Kb llg. Lc'0 '. , COPUUCI1T. X/ «v ; I.- flT \PTKR L-OYEZ ! f.,,ie(i and jiatclicil blue coat, ; turriccl I' ill, red the bellman of .Iunyei-'i u)- Is rid !n the one long street of, that, small ward town we flatter it, :if I 1 at of it as n village we insult it- I 1 fj,„n to ring outside the New Inn. | "livd rapidly assembled,, and before 1: „ ' .L i,„,l unfolded the paper .from which I « d reading, an ape of a boy. threw 1 Kf before him, swinging.- n turnip by I teiU, assumed an air of ponjposity, an I ingenious caricature of the bellman, and I lb«0ivst'0j-cs! O.yes! Ladies'and gents." j rives notice that you,', none of you, \- ,t („ believe a word Gaffer 12dnicd . says. flno! 0 no! 0 no!" Y-Y'-YY. T Y/.Y'? . >"' %'ct along, you dratted jackanapes! , ex- I rlnracd the crier testily, anfl striking the 1 ' vouth i" the small of his back with the bell I : iaudle, sent him sprawling. Then striding I: forward, he took position with a. foot on Hi 'each side of the prostrate urchin, rang J irain, and called:— h0.jcs! o yes! 0 yes! This is to give K: notice that this 'ere evening, at 0 o'clock, ,j Stovpoaey, there will be a grand eliam- B ,,ion ,„atch at bowls oil the green. The irizc. to be Hhulys Ilea, commonly called SteivfiOncy Bfa. Admittance one shilling. f'Arfa crown inner ring, and ticket admits I: |j He. 'ply function, by kind permission of H the proprietor, in the Chapel of Stourtdn H ' Castle. 'At 8 o'clock per-eise. No 'arf price. H:< Children and dogs not admitted." H From 'the door of the New Inn issued , Tlwias Uoole, the landlord, in his shirt H dccTCs. . xiiomas lloole was a bit of. a wag and a H' ennnb of a poet. Oil the board outside his I tavern ho had inscribed the following verses K ol his own composition:— H : , Cmtomtrs came, and I did trust 'cm, B't S> I lost money and also custom. td Iko them bolb did vex inc sore, | Sal resolved to trust no more. Y diallc may be used to any amount, By Hat chalk won't pay the malt account. Wj , I'm determined to keep a drat rate. Up. B '. Ker ready money, but no strap. B:'. CmdaiU to all -It hard intended; : i|, k, hoping none will be offended, . ... ,. \ Y I remain, yours 'respectfully,; . — ... . J .; . One wlio's no tool, i.e., Tliomas iloole. B.Y "fflmt'a the lnenning of this, Crier Ld- ; med!" askcd the landlord. _ "Well," niiswuradHlie bellman, rubbing lis nose with the handle of the bell and toiling the same by the clapper, "I can't B . toy exactly. My instructions don't go so B ; fir. But I fancy the gentlefolk want a Br iprec, and Cornelius Ilea, at the inn is going BY to marry again, and wants to be rid of his B; daughter first. It's an ockard affair alto- Y gctlier, and not altogether what it ort to B; be; ami so it lias been settled as a mutual Bj itcomniodution that there shall he a bdwl- B ing match on 'tlm Green— and she's to go | to the winner. That's about .it. O yes! 0 B yes!, 0 yes!" B Then the crier went forward clanging his fl Ml, and as he progressed, more faces Yap- B: pared nt windows and figures at doors,'. and cbibtren swarmed thicker ill the street. B . I'halaiixes of boys formed before and be- B hir.d, yelling, B: "Oyes! 0 yes! 6, yes! Stewponey Bla B ii for sale to the highest bidder. Who'll ; t'and another 'apenny and have her?, Go- B ingi | gqing for Luppeiice three farthings."' \ B'.y E,ci.v now ami again the, crier made, a , rush at the boys in front, or backed on those behind, and dispersed lliem inomcn- My with the handle of his boll or . with a B » '"'® 00'' shouted, B lou vagabonds, you! , I gave notice of I 'Ring, i low can folk attend to I and learn the truth when you're a hollei-in' I f . ,a scritebin' them lies? "1 said she was B; . bowled for, and not put up to alio-' lion." , x . B . ''Wot's the difference ?" asked an ini- I pudcilt boy, I | ",T'8, ''espeetuble, 'totlicr aint," re- 1st x» e crcr> M'ho . then vigorously I V i"?, "' ""<1 shouted, " O yes! 0 '"a , /f8'" wbereat .the boys mockingly' .touted, "0 no! Olio! 0 no!" I will V11""! v'l bad . been .kneading brend, I ul.li'n'01-,!' nVCS tm nod up and her arms rnifnTi i ' tl0RSed the street, came i ««W him: 11 Pf U' XeW lnn' and i knw"'8 ll'c mca,ling of tbisy I'd like to I ll'oole8 '3 berr0 ym' n0S'" I lieHian.Ui "iquncd tbc woninn, npplying I on it a nafei 0nrCe . " 10 or8<"V and leu ving I "''n patch of white. - I 'nvonlTC CX"1"i,"c(1 tbe landlord, "that I nbiuTwlmi \\-VS P0,nolills Ken knows just I r'.b'bat this signifies." I 'baL'-Si .<,1010,iu, for «.e matter of I irouch "n i vom?M Eiom the kueudiiig B i on it " lllt- "!_5 nose, , there's summat I fill lloob"0" i0,1iym stamcn,.fair flower," I. lH jiat J'ou'll not take it amiss I bare it off in "o wi' my apron, and 'olbcapron" "" bouor it will bc I btct''1' Sl' .Toole,.- you're, such a flat- I - fair ,i5,-wom®»»' fresh, stouty mat- j IyiUiki'".; ' Tut for all— I don't under- 1 But I do,-', said ,thc host. . "Cornelius is going to- be -married' to- tbut ivoiuinf-you know whom. I mean," with a cflintc'mptuous shrug of the shoulder and a curl of the lip. .1 don t know as it's wiias than the goi uf,s on' as has bccii." . "But she's not been in the house; and he can't bring lici- in till he bus got Bladys out.'!- ' "But to put her up to be bowled for!" . ."That's the doings of the gentlemen — a parcel of bucks and good-for-noughts that frequent .the tavern. Ile's not a luaii to sny theiii nay.. .He dussn't go eontnii-y to them — tliej- spend .a lot o' money there." , :"But wlio Will go in for her?"' "Nay, that's more than 1 can say.' She's a, .wonderful, 'handsome girl." "Can't see it," answered the woman. "No—I always say that for good looking faces'yoii might go through the three coun ties and not sec one like your own. But/ Airs. Fiddinn, you're .spoiled by looking at your own charms in the glass — it incapaci tates you for seeing moderate beauty in an other." "Go along, Mr. Hoole." "How can I go along, when I am opposite you?" . "Come, ha' done with this nonsense. Who are-tliey that have taken a fancy to this jvliite "faced mawken?" "For one, there is Crispin RaveiihiU." "IlC can't take her— luisn't enough money." "He has his barge." "Wot's Hint? His uncle would have a word to say about that, I calculate. Who else?" "There is a stranger staying at the Stew poney that they call Inike 1' rancin." "Wlint is.liis trade?" "Don't know." "Any others?" "There's Captain Stracoy." "IJe can't marry her— lie's a gentleman; and what about Nan— has he broke with her? What others?" "Nibblers only." "Well, Air. Hoole, I must baek to my bakery." "And I. sink back to darkness out of light." , YKinver village occupies a basin in the side of the great rooky ridge that runs for many miles .through' the country and ends abruptly 'nt the edge, a bluff of sandstone crowned by earth works, where, as tradition says, King ' Wulflicre of Aicrcia bad his camp. >So far is sure, that tlie church of Kin- ver is dedicated to bis murdered sons, WuU- had . and Ituffinus. The place of their martyrdom was at Stone, in Staffordshire; but it' is possible that their bodies were re moved, to Kinvcr. As already said, the hamlet of Kinvcr con sists mainly of one long street, composed largely of inns, for a highway passes through it; but also of habitations on the slope of tbe basin. ' .. When the erfer bad reached the erid of the street, lie proceeded to ascend a shoul der of hill, till lie reached a strip of deep red in the sandstone, the eoior of clotted blood. Here, according to tradi tion, a woman was murdered by the Danes, who bad ascended the Stour and ravaged Shropshire. From the day of the crime the rock has been dyed blood red. ' At this point the town crier paused and looked- about him. The impudent and aggravating boys fell back and pursued liim no further. A sudden awe and dread of consequences came on them, und lliey de sisted from further imn'oynnee. The rea son for this will presently transpire. Kinvcr parish occupies a peculiar, posi tion — it adjoins Shropshire and Worcester shire, and is., in fuel, wedged in between the main bulk of Shropshire and an out lying islet in which is littles Owen. -It is as though the three counties hud flashed at this point, and bad resolved their edges into broken fragments, tossed about with little regard to their position. Kinver takes its name from ;lbo Great Head. Kefnvawr, of sandstone rock, iH2 feet high, -that rises as a ncss above the plain of the1 Stour. In that remote period, when the Severn straits divided 1 Vales from "England, and the salt -deposits were laid that supply brine nt Droitwicli and in the Weaver Valley, then Kinvcr Kilgc stood ui) as a line bluff above the milling sea. At that time, also, a singular insulated sand stone l-oek thai projects upwards, as an im mense tooth item- the roots of the headland stood detached in 1 lie water, amidst, a wreath of foam, and was haunted by sea gulls, mid its head whitened with their de posits, whilst its crannies served us nesting This isolated rock of red sandstone, oil iiud about which' Scotch lirs liavo rooted themselves, goes by the name of Jlol.v Aus tin lloek; but whether at any lime it har bored an anchorite of the name of Augus tine is a point oil which history and tradi tion are alike silent. Towards this voek 'tlie bellman made his way. Why so? - Was it for the purpose of summoning jackdaws to the bowling match? Was it that he desired to hear the echoes answer him from the ei-ag? We shall sec presently. Although local tradition, is silent relative to a' suintlv doui'/.en of the rock, it is vocal relative to' a tenancy of a different kind. Once it was occupied by a.giiuit and his wife, who with their' nails bud scooped for themselves caves in the sandstone. The giantess was comely. 8o th'ougut anoUier giant who lived at Knville. Now in this sandstone district water is scarce, and the giant of Austin Rock was wont dnilv to cross a shoulder of lull to a spring Ysoine 250 vnrds south of the Rock to fetch the water required for his kitchen. The water oozed forth in a dribble, and the amount required was considerable, for a giant's sup is n drunkard's draught.. Conse quently lie was some lime absent. The Kn ville giant took advantage of this absence to visit his. wife. One, two, three. He strode across country, popped hiB head in, kissed the lad v, and retired before her husband fcturnctl with the pitchers. "But rone day he tnvricd a moment too long, and the Austin giant siiw'him. Filled with jealous rage; he sot down the; pitchers, rushed to the summit of the rock, and hurled his wlictstone at the . rotrcuting neighbor. The whetstone missed its aim; it Fell and planted itself' upright, and for manv generations bore the name oE the Bolt' Stone.. In 1848 the farmer, in- whose field it stood, blew it to pieces with guu- PMi'. Edmcd, the crier, having reached the foot,, of Iioly Austin rook, rang a peal and looked up. Instantly the rock was alivei As from Vi Stilton' cheese that is over ripe I lie maggots tumble out, so from numerous holes in the clifl emerged women lind children. But on the ledge noil rest' the ..summit they clustered tile thickest. When the crier saw. that he had collected ail audience, ami that it was attentive, he l-iiiig a second peal, and called— ,i ' T yes! . This is to give notice' that this ere. evening at 6 o'clock, .at Stew poney, there is to lie a grand chahipion inatcii jit bowls on the howling green. Au the prize is to be Biadys lien, commonlv known as fetewponey Bla,.'. Admittance, one shilling. , Arf a. crown reserved scats, and Ihciii- tickets admit the hearer to the oly function; by kind permission of the proprietor,', in the Chapel of Stourtnu Castle. "No 'arf price. Children' mid dogs liat admitted.". - There were three stages of habitations o:i Hie rock. . From out of the topmost, behind the children, emerged a singular figure/that of an old 1111111 in a long snuff colored .coat, with drab breeches find blue worsted stock ings. A white cravat encircled liis nock, in bis band he -carried a stick. This old man now began to descend the rock with agility such as might not have been anticipated in one of his age. " "Hera comes Holy Austin." whispered some boys who bad followed the crier at a distance. "Ob, my! must we not be good, or we shall get whacks." The mnii who approached was not called Austin at his baptism, nor was Austin his surname; nor was the rock called after biin. but rather .lie after the rock; for having come to inhabit one of the dwellings exca vated out of it, in which bo kept a day school, the name that had altnclied to tbe prong of sandstone adhered to him. lie was more than schoolmaster. Ho wns.knobblcr at tbe Church of Kinver; tli.il is to say, it was his oiliee to walk" about during divine service, and tap on the bead any man or boy overtaken with sleep. The wand of office was painted white, and bad a bine ktiub at the end. It may now- lie understood why the liovs who lmd mimicked and surrounded (1m bell man in the streets of Kinvcr kept distance and maintained a sober demeanor. Before lliem was a man who was a schoolmaster, and gave whacks dining the week, and who was a knobblcr, and could crack their heads on the Sunday. "In -his double capacity lie was n man greatly to be respected and stood aloof from by boys. n To a boy. a soldier or a sailor is a joy: a. policeman is an object of derision: a ghost is viewed witli scepticism; a devil is hardly considered at all; but n schoolmaster is looked oil, preferentially from afar, as a concentration of all horrors, and when accentuated with investiture with knobblc- dom, as something the qiiintesscnsc of nwfulnoss. . "Repeat again. I didn't hear exactly," said Ilol.v Austin. The crier obeyed. The old man lifted up bis hands.- "Wo live in evil days and I sore fear in an evil place, and tlm salt that should have seasoned us lias lost its savor. There have been no banns called. There can have been no licence obtained, seeing none knows who will have the maiden." "They say the -chapel at Slourton is pe culiar," observed the bellman. The old man shook bis head. "This is the beginning of a bad story/' said lie, and sighed. "Whither will it lead? How and where will it end?" (To lie continued.) 