?Till III HIM, CHAPTER V.— (Continued.) Tho Dautons, with the palo Httle, dress maker, returned next day, all necessaries pro vided. The business of .tho house-warming commenced at onco. Danton Hall — over spotless under the roign of Gmco — was rubbed 111) ana jsuruuueu uuwu irpui yurrut iu uuimr, Invitations wero sent out far and wido, Agnes Darling's noodle flew from oarly dawn till late at night ; and Graco and tho cook, absorbed in cake and jelly-making, -wore invisible all ?day Jong in tho lower regiona. Eony and Rose wont heart and' soul into tho delightful fuss, all new to them, but Kate took very little interest in it. Sho was Sir Ronald's vory good friend still, and liko Mrs. Micawbor, never deserted him. Captain Danton hid his diminished head in his study, in Mr. Richards' rooms, or took rofugo with tho euro from tho hubbub. ?Tho eventful night at last camo round, clear, cold, and near Christmas. Tho old ball-room of Danton Hall, disused bo long, bad been refitted, waxed and decorated : the long drawing-room was rosplendont ; tho supper-table sot in *he dining-room was dazzling to look at, with silver, Sovros, and glittering glase ; tbo dresBing-rooms woro in a state of perfection j tho eervants all en ' grande icnue ; and Dnnton Hall ono blaze of light!' In tho bedroom regions tho mysteries of toilet had been going on for hours. Eunice ?was busy with her mistross ; Agnes, tho . Boamstress, was playing femme de chamlro to Rose. Grace ? dressed herself in ' twonty minutos, and then dressed Eony, who only woro pink muslin and a necklace of pearls, and looked ' fairy-like and fragile as evor. Gracoi in gray silk1, with an emerald brooch, .and hor brown hair simply worn as sho always woro it, looked ]ady-liko and unassuming. The guests came by tho ovoning train from Montreal, und the carriages of tho nearor neighbours began coming in rapid succession. Kate stood by hor cordial fathor's sido, rocoiv ing their guests. So tall, so stately, so exquieitoly dressed — all tho golden hair twisted in thick coils around hor rogal head, and ono diamond star flashing in its ambor glittor. Sho wnR unusually, lovely, with that flush on the delicate chocks, that streaming lififht in tho bluo oyos. ? Roso waB oolipsed : Rose looking her best, and vory pretty, but nothing beside hor queenly sister. But Roso was vory brilliant, ?flitting hither and thithor, dancing incos Bantly, and turning whiskered heads in all directions. They could fall in love with pretty, ?coquottish Rose, thoso voi'y young gontlomon, who could only look at Kato from a respoct ful distanco in speechless admiration and awo. Rose was of their kind, and thoy could talk to hor ; so Roso was' tho bello of the night, after all. , ? Sir Ronald Koith and two or throo ofllcors from Montreal, with sido whiskers, a long podigroo, and a flvst-clasB opinion of thom ?eolvos, woro tho only gontlomon who had the temerity to approaoh the goddess of tho ball —oh ! excepting tho Rovorend Augustus Glare, who in his intense admiration' was almost tonguo- tied, and Dr. Dnnton, who, to the surpriso of everyone except the mastor of tho Hall, walked in fclio last guest of all. ' You look surprised, Miss Danton,' ho said, as thoy shook hands. ' Did not tho captain tell you I wns coming ?' . '. Not a word.' ' ' I roturned to-day, knowing nothing of tho house-warming. The chptnin mot mo, ?and, with his onstomnry hospitality iiisistod on my coming.'1 ' We are vory glad ho has dono so. Your eistor triod to find you when wo woro in— — Good Hoavon ! what is that?' It was a sudden, startled scream that mado ?all pauso who woro standing near. Butler Thomas appoarod at tho momont, flurried and in hasto, ' Whatfs tho matter ?' asked Captain Danton ; and the startled faces of his guests roitoratod tho quostion. 'Who criod out?' ' Old Margory, sir. Sho's soon a ghost I' ' Soon what ?' . i ? . ? 'A ghost,- sir; out in tho tamarnck walk ! —sho's foil down in a fit in tho hall.' : SPThero _ was a littlo chorus of startled, exclamations from tho ladies. Captain Danton camo forward, his florid face changing to whito, and Kato, all hoi* colour gono, dropped hor partner's arm. ',' Oomo with mo, Doctor Danton,' ho said. ?' Yos, Kato, you, too^ My friends, do not . lot this foolish u FOiuv disturb you. Excuko us for a few. moments, and pray go an as if: ' nothing had happened.' Tlioy loft tho ball-room togothor. The mnsio, that had stopped, rosumed j dancing ?rooommoncod, and 'all wont ,morry as a marriage-boll.' Thoro was only ono, porhaps who though seriously of what had taken ?placo. , Graco, standing near tho door, talking f;o an oldorly major from tho oity, heard that 'Thomas' last words to his mnslor as thoy wont out, ? ' ' Ogdon says it was him sho soon, but 'Margory won't liston to him. - Ogdon says ho was out in tho tamaraok walk, and sho mistook t Mm in tho moonlight for a ghost.' Grace's, thoughts wout baok to tho night when sho hud soon, tho mysterious walkor ' mndor tho tamaracks. No, it was not Ogdon that old Margory, had soon, olso Captain -Danton und his daughtor would not havo worn such palo und startlod faces going onfc. It was not Ogdon, and it was not a ghost ; muu ii'-vgu uuu»u lint lll.(tll-ui V IHIIvU IU LU \JV I ?'Tho apparition in tho tarnarnok , walk must have resembled someone sho know, and now /thought .to bo doad, olso why should sho think 4t a spirit at all ? . , Tho whiskorod major, who took Qraco for -oho o£ thqoaptain'a daughters, nnd wns slightly ? -captivated, found hor vory distrait, all of a sudden, and answering his questions vaguely and at random. Ho did his best to interest her, and failed bo signally that ho got up and left in disgust. Grace sat still and watched the door. Half an hour passed — three-quarters, and then her brother ro-entered alono. She went up to him at onco, but his unreadable fdeo told nothing. 'Well,' sho said, anxiously, 'how is Margery?' ' Restored, and asleep/' ' Does sho really think sho saw a ghost ?' ' Sho really does, and was frightened into fits.' ' Whoso ghost was it?' it '\f ? Ann— fLMnnn ' Cl n 1 A flirt rl/\ofm» ' I I f\ Vt\ senso. I believe tho foolish old woman men tioned some namo to Miss Danton, but I never repeat nonsense. Sho is in hor dotage, I daro say, and sees double.' ' Margory is no moro in her dotago than you aro,' said Graco, vexed. ' Porhaps sho is not tho only one who has soon tho ghost of Danton Hall.' ' Graco ! what do you mean ?' ' Excuse me, Doctor Frank, I never talk norisonso. You can. keep you professional secrots j I'll find out from Margery all tho samo. Horo is the captain ; ho looks bettor than when ho wont out. Whero is Kato ?' ' With Margory. Sho won't bo loft alono.' ' As she spoko, -Roso came up, hor brightest smiles in full play. ' I havo boon searching for you overy where, Doctor Frank. You ought to bo sent to Coventry. Don t you know you engaged mo for tho gorman, and hero you stand talk ing to Grace. You ought to bo ashamed of yourself, sir.' ' So I am,' said tho doctor. ' Adieu, Graco. Pardon this onco, mademoiselle, und for tbo remainder of tho evening, for tho remainder of my life, I am entirely at your service.' Graco kopt hor station at tho door, watch ing for Kate. In another half-hour sho ap peared, slightly palo, but othorwiso tranquil. Sho was surrounded immediately by sundry ' giuger-whiskored follows,' otherwise tho oflicors from Montreal, and lost to tho houBO keopor'u view. Tho house-warming was a succoss. Somo» whero, in tho big, busy world, porhaps, crimo, and misery, and shame, and sorrow, and starvation, and all tho catalogue of earthly horrorB wore rife, but not at Danton Hall. Timo trod on flowors j enchanted music drifted tho bright hours ; the goldon sido of lifo was uppermost ; and if those gay danoors know what tears and troublo meant, thoir faces never showed 'it. , Kato, with hor tranquil and commanding boauty, woro a face as serono as a summer's sky j and her father, playing whist, was laughing until all around laughed in sym pathy. No, thoro could bo no hidden skeleton, or the masks those woro who know of its grisly presonco woro something wonderful. In tho black and bitterly cold dawn of early morning tho dancers wont fihivoring homo. Tho first train bore the city guests, bluo and fagged, to Montroal ; and Doctor Frank walkod briskly through tho piercing air ovor tho frozen, snow to his hotel. And up in her room old Margory lay in disturbed sleep, ! watched over by dozing Babetto, and moaning out at restless inter vals ! ' Mastor Harry ! Mastor Harry 1 Oh, Miss Kato, it was Mastor Harry's ghost !' /'ITT A Tl'IVniTJ T7T ROSE'S ADVENTURE. ' ' Dooember woro out in wild snow-storms and wintry winds. Christmas came, solemn and shx-ouded in whito; and Kate Danton's fair hands decorated the little church with ovorgroons and white'rosos for Fathor Francis ; and Kate Dantou's Bwoot voice sang tho dear old ' Adosto Fideles' on Christmas morning. Kate Danton, too, with tho princoly spirit that nature and habit had given hor, mado glad tho cottages of the poor with gifts of bit? turkeys, and woolly blankets, and barrels of flour. They half adored, thoso poor pooplo, tho stately young lady, with tho noblo nnd lovely face, so unlike anything St..Oroix had ovor.soon boforo. Proud hb sho was, sho was novor proud with them — God's poor onos; sho wns never proud when sho knelt in thoir midst, in that lowly little church, and criod Meet culpa as humbly as tho lowliost. sinnor tlioro. Now Yoar oamo with its fostivibios, ' bring ing many calloi's from Montroal, and passed j and Danton Hall foil into its customary tran quility onco moro. Sir Ronald Koith was still thoir guest) Doctor Frank was still an, inmato of tho St. Croix Hotol, and a regular visitor at tho Hall. Moro lottors had oomo for Kato from England ; Lioutonant Stan lord s rogiraont had gono to Ireland, and ho said nothing of loavo of absonco or a visit to Ocnada. Roso got wookly opistlos from Ot tawa; hor darling Jules pourod.out floods,, of undying lovo in tho vory bost French, and Roso smilod ovor them coinplacontlyi and wont down and m'aclo oyos at Doctor Frank all tho ovoning. And old Margory waa not rocovorod yot from tho ghost-sooing fright,, and would not romain an instant alone, by night or day, for untold gold. Tho sunsot of a bright January clay wnH turning tho western windows of Danton Hall to shoots of bonton gold., Tho long, rod lanoos of light piorood through tho black trees, tingod tho_ pilod-up bhow drifts, and mado tho low ovoning sky ono blazo of crimson splendour. Eony stood looking thoughtfully out at tho gorgeous huos of tho wintry 'buii sot and tho still landsoapo, whom no living thing moyod. Sho.wtiB in a cosy little room called tho housekeeper's room,1!, but which Qraco novor uood oxoopli whon sho mado up hor accounts, or 'when hor favourito apart monli, the dining-room was ocoupiod, A bright flrobnrnotl in tho grato, nnd tho cur tained windows and uarpotod floor woro tho pioturo of oonifort. ? It had boon usod lnttorly as a sowing-room, and Amios Darling sat. at thoothor window, ombroidoring a hnndkor ohioE for Roho. Thoro had boon . a long silonco — tho soamstroHB no.vor talkod muoh j ana Jijony wns oil; in a day dronm, Prosoivtly a big dog camo bounding tumultuoiisly up tho avonuo^ and n lull man in an ovorcont followod loisuvoly, ' There !'.' oxolaimod Eony, ' thoro'B'Tigor and Tiger's innHtor, You havon't soon Grace's brothor yot, havo you, Agnos P' '' No, said tho HoamHtross, lookiiig out, 'is that ho?' Ho waH too far oil! to bo serin distinctly, but a' moment or two lator ho was noar. A suddon oxolaraation from tho seamHtrosH mado Eony look at hor in tmrpriso. ' Sho lmd sprung up and sat dowu ngtdn, whito and 'startled and trembling, ' ' What's tho matter !' said Eeuy. Do you know Doctor Danton ?' (- Doctor Dnnton !' repented Agnes. ' les. Oh, what am I Baying ! No, T don't know him.' Sho sat down again, all pale and tiombling, and scared. Doctor Frank was ringing tho boll, and was out of sight. Eony gazed at hor exceedingly astonished. ' What is tho matter with you ?' sho reiter ated. ' What tiro you afraid of ? Do you know Doctor Danton ?' 'Don't ask mo; plonso don't nsk mo!' cried tho littlo seamstress, pit.oously. ' ' I havo seen him boforo ; but, oh, plenso, don't say any thing about it!' Sim wn.R in 'nnnh' a violent tremor — her voico was so agitated, that Eeny' good naturedly said no moro. Sho turned nway, and looked again at the paling glory of tho sunsot, not Booing it thin timo, but thinking of Agnes Darling's unaccountable agitation at sight of Graco's brother. ' Perhaps ho has boon a lover of hors,' thought romantic Eony, 'and falso ! Sho is very protty, or would bo, if sho wasn't as pale as a corpse. And yot I don't think Doctor' Frank would bo false to anyone, oithor. I don't want to think so— I liko him too well.' Eony loft the sowing-room and wont up stairs. Sho found Doctor Danton in tho dining-room, with his Bister and Roso, and Roao was singing a French song for him, Eeny took her station by the window ; bIio know tho seamstress was in tho daily habit of taking a littlo twilight; walk in her favour ite circle, round and round tho fish-pond, nnd she could seo from whore she stood when sho wont out, 'I'll show her to him,' thought Eony, ' and soo if it flurries him as it did her. There is something betwoon thorn, if ono could got to tho bottom of it.' Rose's song ended. Tho sunBot faded out in a palo blank of dull gray — twilight foil ovor tho frozen grpund. A littlo black figure wearing a shawl ovor its head, fluttered out iuto tho mvsterious hnlf-licrht. and' began pacing slowly around tho frozen, fish-pond. ' Doctor Frank,' said Eony, ' come horo and soo the moon rise.' 'How romantic !' laughed Roso. But tho doctor wont and stood by hor Bido. Tho wintry crescont moon was sailing slowly up, with tho luminous ovoning star rosplonden't beside, hor, glittering, on tho whitened oarth. . , 'Protty!' said tho doctor ;. 'very, Bolomn, and still, and whito ! What dark fairy is that gliding ni'ound the fish-pond ?' 'That,' said Eony, 'is Agnes. Darling !' ' Who ?' questioned Doctor Danton, suddouly and sharply. 'Agnos Darling, our seamstress. Doar mo, Doctor Danton, ono would think you knew hor I' Thoro had been a momentary change in his face, and Eony's suspioiouB oyos were full upon him — only momentary, tuougn ; id was gono directly, and his uuroadablo couuton anco was as calm as a summer's sky. Doctor Frank might havo b«en born a duke, so radically and unaffectedly monohalani; was ho. . 'Tho namo has a familiar sound ; but I don't think I. know your soamstrosB. Go and play, mo a waltz, Eony.' Thoro was no getting anything out of Doctor .Danton which ho did not choose to toll. Eony know that, and wont over to the piano, a littlo provoked at tho mystery thoy mado of it. ' But dostiny that shapes our ends, rough how thorn how wo will, nnd mado up its mind for further revelations, nnd against dostiny even Doctor Frank was poworless, ? Dostiny lost no timo, oither — tho revolation oamo tho very next ovoning. Kate and Eeny hnd beon to St. Oroix', visiting Bomo of Kate's poor pensioners, nnd ovoning was closing in when thoy reached tho Hall, A lovely ovoning — calm, windless, still; the moon's silver disc brilliant in an iinoloudod sky, find the holy huflh of eventide ovor all. TVo solemn beauty of the falling night tomptod Kato to lingoi*, while Eony wont on to the house. Thoro was a group of tall piuos, with a rustic bench near tho ontranco gates. Kato sat down undor tho ovorgreons, loaning against the trees, her. dark form scarcely distinguishable) in thoir shadow,- While sho sat, a man and a' woman pnssod. Full in the moonlight sho saw that' it was Doctor Danton and Agnos Darling, Distinct in tho still, keen air sho heard Iub low onrnost words. (To bo continued,) 