THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW Curious stories ure told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live among the Himalaya mountains These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the “adepts, as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated lum rather scurvilv, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscript. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. “ 1 can't see how to read, here, said the visitor. „ “ Then we will have some light, was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed it had one strange qualit} _i( cast nof the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its proof is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadow*. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one’s own experience. Dr Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A mnn who has been ill for years, and fails to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example:— “In the spring of 1881,” writes our correspondent, ** I fell into a low. weak, and languid state. 1 felt low-spirited and out of BOits. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetito poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I wits much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I Buffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in his way for two years, nothing that I took elieving me. At last I heard of Mother •cigel’s Syrup, and procured a supply, liter 1 had taken only a few doses 1 ound relief; my food digested, and Gradually all nervousness leftme. Although ’ had no reason at first to feel any :onfidcnce in this medicine, never having ised it or seen it used, I now gladly admit ts value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I think ilother Seigel’s Curative Syrup, I have leen in the beat of health and spirits. In ;he interests of suffering humanity I deem t a duty to send you this testimony. Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, ^Thsre is a deal of difference between dr Griffiths's candid letter and the story Lbont ihe light that cast no shadow. Tbs atter may be true enough, but it cannot 36 verified without more trouble than it is vorth. On the other hand we. have a ;rustworthy witness, who will answer etters ot inquiry, and can be found at his iddress. . .. Finally, there ib nothing mystic or nagical about Mother Seigel’s Curative syrup. It acts on the theory that most diluents are but symptoms, forms, or abases of that universal diBcase-mdiges ;ion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and brows the light of health and happiness ivar hearths and homes where illnesa and lain had cast such dark and terrifying ihadows. And that is why people believe ill that is told of its success by eager nritnessee. Important.—Wc have still & fow lines sit which were thrown out at Stock aking to be almost given away. Walk traight through to our back premises and aspect these bargains.—K. Lo.nostait, Ihepparton.—[Advt.] 