NEEDLES: 'Short, Sharp, Shiny." A bright warm spring day. Mr. W. Honey will is off to England. Mr. Peacock laughed at the banquet. A Russo-Turkish alliance is reported. Continental to-night at the Exhibition. Mr. W. Goodo has lost his Albina filly. Mr. W. Either left for England to-day. The 'chaser Motala has reached the city. The Costa Pica. Packet award paid over. Mr. James Marshall has left for England. The most brilliant banquet held in Adelaide. Queensland has doubled her output of sugar. A high compliment was paid to Mr. Barton. Mr. Barton is the leader of the Convention. Auraria has been taken out of the Adelaide Cup. - : . : „ Queensland will yet come into the Conven tion. , , English Sporting" Notes in to-day's Adver tiser. .' . An aboriginal .sentenced to death m vic toria. The Convention has now fairly started on its work. , . A ruler for Crete to be .seleoted by the Powers, „ Consumption is slightly decreasing in New Zealand. .! Sir Hugh Nelson,-of Queensland, is' off to England. , . -. Splendid fall of rain in the east of West Australia. The condemned, youth Phillips eats and sleeps welL Jumna Khan is to be hung in Perth on Tuesday next, ... y ■ The State Bank is still advancing money oh good securities. Short speeches will mark the Eederal Con vention debates. The annual cycling road race takes place on Saturday next._ To-morrow evening the Governor dines the Eederal delegates. Two big London fights described in The Advertiser to-day. A big strike of English engineers will take place in a few days. Daimio is treated as but a pound inferior to the'mighty Cloister. ' Tagus and Doondia'n are owned by the Messrs. Manifold Bros. The Ministry is providing plenty, of enter tainment for the visitors. Eun, frolic, and fishing for Our Boys' Insti tute members at Goolwa. Given a fine day, the picnic to Happy Valley will prove a great success. ... In Sydney' yesterday decrees nisi m 18 divorce cases were granted. ' To-morrow, the delegates from the western colony will land in Adelaide. The Jubijee Exhibition presented a brilliant spectacle on Tuesday evening. _ Oxford is still a strong favorite for the forth coming rape with Cambridge. The New South A1 G.M. Co. has washed up 82 oz. of gold from 53 tons. . The Austral takes 23,071 cases of fruit from Hobart for the London market. Sir R. C. Baker and Mr. J. H. Symon did not attend the Eederal banquet. The codiin moth has been discovered in apples confiscated at Eremaritle. The Governor attended the sitting of the Eederal Convention on Tuesday. _ .■ | •Phillips, who shot Mr, Brady, thinks, the death sentence will be commuted. • With a little practice Mr. Blacker, M.P., could imitate Mr. Peacock's laugh.' The question of State right, and all that it involves, is now fairly on the carpet. The Governor of'New SouthAVales will ad minister the affairs of Norfolk Island. Verdict of accidental death returned in con nection with the fatality at Darlington. The shipments of gold received . by the Arcadia at Melbourne amount to £139,000. • When a thief in Tabriz finds that his right band has lost its cunning he joins the police. The Port Adelaide Working Men's Associa tion have voted £150 to the bootmakers' strike fund. The members of Our Boys' Institute have chosen Goolwa for' their Easter camping ground. • William of Germany unveils a monument which is to perpetuate his grandfathers memory. The big ocean greyhounds will soon be equipped with lifeboats harnessed to balloons. Mr. P. T. Miller lias arrived at Kadina, having done 100 miles on his cycle in (5 hours 56 minutes. . , Thirteen members of the North Adelaide Cycling Club made'the run to Strathalbyn on Saturday last. .. . ; ' A "careful watch has been ordered to be kept on the movements of land speculators in Norfolk Island. - - ■ The natives of . Bombay are opposing on religious grounds the segregation of. sufferers by the bubonic plague. - • - The Advertiser London correspondent thinks that Daimio and Ebor have but little chance in the Grand National'Chase, J . - Mr. Reid, thoughtfully considering the "Hansard" staff, thinks it unwise for the Con vention to sit on Saturdays. The average'yearly deficit resulting from the Wilson "tariff for. revenue purposes" in the TJnited States is .50,000,000 dollars. , , Mr. Barton's resolutions are of an elemen tary'character, arid adopt principles that may be regarded as postulates of federation. Mr.' John: Leahy, the representative of Builoo in the Queensland Parliament, describes the attitude of that colony on federation. Dr. Cockburn> will shortly have an oppor tunity of chatting to Sir John Eorrest on the question of admitting apples in the WeBt. There is a bug" at Mianeh when it stings Europeans its sting kills them, bet when a Persian is stung it is said the bug succumbs. Mr. Ba?ton does; not want his boots made in Germany nor his'constitution in Switzerland, and yet the'hardy Swiss have good constitu tions. - .;/ The cyclists ivh'o are travelling round the world have crossed the Persian highlands in snow and advance part of the way with an escort. The London County Council have placed Australian brandy on" the tender-list in the same category as: Martell's arid Henriessy's brandy. ' . . '. . J The Government of Queensland are deter mined that Queensland shall he well adver tised in Great Britain and other European countries. The war clouds are gathering all around the horizon and all- the Great Powers—and the minor States also—are arming or mobilising their forces. ' Mr. E. Tucker is shipping by the steamer Wcolloomooloo, wliich sails on March 30, 10,000 rabbits, and it has taken a month to get this lot together. _ The course which the Eederal Conventiori has elected to ' follow rio doubt asserts* its dignity and indeperidence, but is certainly riot conducive to dispatch. • "I do not want my boots made in Germany or the Australian Constitution made in Switzerland. I- think the British form of Government much the best." Mr. Reid said the Governor bears one of the grand names of the old country. He did. not, he said, allude to its claims in connection with the celebrated beverage; North Adelaide cyclists have been enjoying a "billy run" and "billy tea." This is the latest method of showing one's a-billy-tea in controlling the whirring wheel. Shall there be equal'representation of the States in the States Assembly or Senate? Shall Senators be directly chosen by the people of the State or by the State Legislature? The only advantage of tbe'eourse adopted is that it may possibly, "clear the air" and indi cate lines of compromise' which must be fol lowed in order to arrive at an agreement. Archyta3 of Tarentum, who lived -in the year 400 B.C., it is said, constructed an arti ficial pigeon that: could fly, but which was not able to resume its flight after once_alighting. The Sultan has [.'promised an island in the Mediterranean arid the peninsula. of Mount Athoa to Russia in exchange for the letter's guarantee of the .'integrity of the Turkish dominions, " Mr. Kingston said the evening was one of the proudest of his life, as he combined in his person the Premiership of South Australia and the Presidency - of the Australasian Eederal Convention. • The black boys cannot be got on the islands owing to the fall in numbers and I believe in five or six years' time the question of black labor will have solved itself without federalor local legislation. :. Mr. Barton, who did not attempt any dizzy flights of oratory, was listened to with very great attention, his utterance being so clear and lucid that _ there was no chance of mis understanding his meaning. " In comparison with the imposts awarded to Ebor and Daimio the handicapping "of Norton at 10 st. 7 lb. rather surprises me, though I hear his conri'ections. thought the New Zealander would he let off with ID st." Once in Tabriz, where the last ietter from our cyclist correspondents was posted, the city was overrun by robbers. A price was placed upon each head. Then the villains set about slaying one another to claim the reward. . Sir George'. Turner congratulated South Australia in having this great Convention held here. Though he would have liked it to been held in Melbourne he now admits that Adelaide is entitled to the honor of having this distinction. Eor the British race, .both at home and abroad, the prospect, so terrible to humanity generally, would have no terror' if it were certain that the. mother country could keep out of the vortex without iriiperilling her prestige or her interests. A story is tola of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the public-house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten him' on his way home "Who are you?" said the giiid man as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. ~ "I am Aukl Nick" wa3 the reply. " Come awa', man," said John, " gie's a shake of your hand. I'm married to a sister of yours." 