A HORSELESS CARRIAGE EPISODE. Aunt Jerusha had never seen nor lieanl of the above, so she flung up the window and popped our her head with the grace and spring of a mechanical toy. "Lawks! Mercy sakes! Vt al. I never in my life! If that don't heat the Dutch!" Aunt Jerusha's vis-a-vis ar the table near the window she had unceremon iously flung up was a handsome young man. an artist, in fact, who had come to Seedviile to sketch. He took 110 trouble to explain himself to its vil lagers. hut dropped as .simply as pos sible into the simplicity of its life. "Mrs Spearmint," he said, mildly, "if you will close that window uiy buck wheats and sausage ' will be much warmer." "Oh. but sakes alive!" she responded, "do look quick and never mind your buckwheats! Ain't lhat the curiostest tiling you ever did see in all your born days— and there ain't a shudder of a horse to it!" Vilas Slaufiehl grew interested. He tore himself from his buckwheat cakes and projected his head from the win dow. staring down the narrow by- street on Avliich Aunt Jerusha lived with the true Seedville stare. "Civsar's ghost!" "What! Be it a ghost'?" asked Aunt. .Terusha. yanking in her head and look ing keenly at him. as if one or the other of them might be growing crazy. "1 might have known that no one hut .Miss Waterloo would have ventured into ' '- region Avith an automobile tilbury! That bridge will never hold her!" And seizing his hat lie rushed out of tile house and doAvn 1 lit narrow elm-shaded street after the horseless carriage. "Whatever has struck that man?" cried Aunt Jerusiia. bringing down the AviudoAV with a bang, now that the show was out of sight. "Wbnt did lie "all it? Waterloo, avus it? Wait till I go toll Susan SpurrerhaAvk I've seen a Waterloo." and she hurried next door with this Wellington or Napoleonic piece of news. The news a fleet (al the Sparrerhawks as it had Aunt Jerusiia. They throw up the Avindow and ejected ilieir heads, but Avitli no satisfactory result. Sam caught up iiis liiit and rushed dotvu the street after Mr Vilas .Stanlield. AVlio sprung along iu the wake of the auto matic tilbury at it college-acquired gait. It was to very nice vehicle, enamelled in dark green and upholstered in russet leather. In the middle of the seat, dressed iu dark green and russet to match the tillmry. Avas a very young woman unuui'uvriug the motor as if her omy desire Avas to keep her turnout, til the top of its speed. Vilas Stanlield could not overtake it. He called: he flung pebbles at it; he Avhistled. It splashed through Hie puddles, and humped oAvr The inequali ties of the a-illage by-road as if nothing would be allowed to stop it. in a mo ment it would lie upon a bridge, a crumbling bit of antique architecture that Seedville had clung to as a footway long aHer they knew it vtas una 1 tie to hold even the doctor's chaise. Recent heavy rains had now all but. Avasiied away its supports. The automobile tilbury was as surely headed for an accident as any ivhirriug express wit li a boulder 011 the tracks. lie turned Avhite and Avliistled again; this time the tune lie and she had sung in duel, as with this same horseless tillmry They had rolled along the hard, broad roads iu soutii-Avest England. She still whirled on. lie put his fingers to his lips and in creased tlie strength of the Avliistie. She stopped, the Avhcels of lier car riage 011 the A'ery edge of the decrepit bridge, turning Avliitc, too, but not lie- cause of the danger. "Mr Stanlield.'' she said severely, its he came up, "may I ask what this means?" "Certainly." he said, touching his hat. "You can't cross the bridge. It's not safe cAen for ' foot passengers. 1 saw- yon from my boarding-house window, it lid 1 came to tell you." "Very kind, I'm sure," she said, Avith a little toss of her russet feathers, "but I've 110 wish to liaA-e you sa\\-e my life a second time. We bad enough of that melodrama at Bade:" and she puts lier linnds on the motor handles again. He spraug forward, his eyes blazing. "I'm in ebrnesr, Miss Waterloo. You must not cross that bridge, unless you want to be drowned." "I'm iu earnest, too. 1 shall cross that bridge, and I ivou't have you save inj ure. The obligation of having you save it at Rude is enough." "Very well." lie replied, in a hard, crisp tone: "I won't save it. then: but here conies a man whom I know. Sam," lie called, "show this lady Iioav to get across by Hie other bridge," and resum ing his hat lie walked rapidly hack to the village. "It's nonsense!" cried Miss Waterloo, as soon a.s Vilas Stanlield avus out of sight. "Of course I can go over this bridge. I liaA'e crossed two this morn ing that Avere quite as had." "To tell the truth, now," said Bam, slowly, "he's about right. I Avouldu't drive our coav over this bridge since the last rain. Why, ifate the mortar right out 'tweeu the stones! riTTwT I the Avay 'round l>y the 0i ' ' '! ,JQ "I haven't time," she syjq .. ' , 'down at the tiny watch ch-.M 1 her jacket la, tel. Tv,. 'i,:1.11;. minutes now. and I'm r.-t<-in-.: . 'n'e ' Ut hack to Steeple,.,,, as f7 a' ' And once more taking Hi,. shot across the bridge aim.,; other side, when there was a v, crash, a collapse, and Miss \y.„ .,-t 11 and her lilbnry automobile dis-i J Avith the bridge. 11 j "I swam." exclaimed Sain "1 and flinging off his coat, lie im"V t pick and scrainli!.. his wn v mVos ,t . I stream to her rescue. " l ! "That's right." lie ca'.lcd. '"just sit quid and I will gi\V\ ' pull on to-dry land. The thing wi.VmV, make such a bad boar if it lie did . and bad. sides ami would i" ho gaA-o the tilburj- a strong , witch' in- Avanl shore as she gathered h, '-wh' ,0 getiier and tottered to hov f.-ci, ; "Don't 'do that.'' she cried. -'I'm ' as it is. and ii shakes so." j "The young feller ktiOAVed. didid said .Sam. discontinuing his j,.,k> the carriage. I "Oh. yes. I suppose so. Where di.L , lie live? Please take me 10 his pp.,.,, ' right away. I lia/ve no niher iremds about here, ami my arm hurts a v.Tuilv '< and in spite of her set Hps. she !. . to weep. j "D011 I crj-." said Sam. syiiipa'.jn.ti- cali.v. "Hold on a minute, and I'll ih>i ' J-ou out as line as a now fiddle." ami seizing a plank lie extended ii re ||,.r from the edge of the hank, and iugg"l, pulled, splashed, and d.pncd her' .mi with ir. "Your queer buggy, or whatever it h-> '11 have 10 Avail there til 1 can gii sum,; of the boys to give ine a lift with 1. Kin you Avaik?" and lie eyed his , -Large anxiously. " 'cause if. von can. j it gab I 3a lit you 10 Aunt .lerusha's." "Aunl .Jerusha's?'' ' "Yes: that's where lie steps; it's his.s next door to us. an' 'twas her iha. i-jime trot, ill' in an' told ns alimu yen sciu'dm' .by like all possessed and 110 Ii'.-"-. s,, 1 grabbed my liai and erinjo l-iimbr' ep to see Hie show, tan I didn't plan ha llo such grand one as this. Hew r.ie you gen in' 011— can .von walk?" "I will try to." she said, sleeping <!'' very sIoavI.v, and catching m ids arm for support. "Von don't mind .-1 ! i . ; , ,ag me your arm for a little wa \ "Ob. no; thai is — "' and ji. eon-hod violently as he stiiliy projected Ids elbow. "I've gallanted girls before." | I'Jiey made an odd pair for Hie village road. She. a draggled, tripping laiim- gowned girl; lie. a elicrry-cm-ekcd A'ille swain, wriggiing wiiii surplus ai- teinpts to lie gallant and to teddy d . his duty, yet growing still more cin-M-y- cheeked and wrigglosnnie as ilmy earn;; Aviihin reach of the village witnhn-s. "There be Aunt Jertislia's right over there." he said. "She'll give you -. m t>- lire or catnip or wliaie\ or 'ii< yu,i Avaut. I'll lmi' 10 go back and gi; my coat: seems I forgoi ir." and dropping ber from his arm lie A-anislcd areiind lite barn. leaving her deserred op; o.pr lit;.! brass kuoeker 011 Mrs Sprat man's side doer. Miss Waicrioo slowly crossed, the by street to (lie side door. and. much dazed AVitlt the shock, pain and cmbarrass- ment of iter condition, she raised Hie knocker and let it fail Aviilt a tap thai: brought Mrs Speanninr to the doer as if she had boon waiting I'm- it. "Aunt Jerusiia." said Miss Wap'loe. for Avail! of a iiuu-c formal nan:-, "is— does— Mr Vilas Siaulield live her,-?" "lie do at present, hilt lie's jusi gone up and hanged himself ini<> wliai he calls liis si inly." "May I see him a moment?— ihai K I think you'll have to take me in. D-1' had an accident; I fell through ;he bridge and " "Land or Goshen! You don't say s>>! Wal. iioav: come Tight in ibis liiinir. I'm awful glad to sec you. sum so he'll 110 <louhv. Hurt, did you say? .Boer iliing. and you're ail sorter damp. I'll lend you my wrapper while you dry oh. Mebbe I'd better .git a doctor?" "If somebody Avouhl send a telegram for inc." said Miss Waterloo, "1 AVOllld " "Wait, p'r'aps Mr Ktaivlield will, lies au awful nice young man. an' as h.-ui- soine as a pieter." and. shoving an "hi- l'ashioncd rocker loward Miss Waterloo. Mrs Spearmint rushed upstairs to Hm studio. "Mr Stanlield!" No aits-AVer. "Mr Vilas Sranfiel.l!'- No answer. "Be aou asleep?" "No." "Wal. there's lie'n an ac-idem 10 ilie Waterloo, an" she's downstairs waiitin' you to telegram." j The studio door fled open, tikis was past Mrs Spearmint and down Hie stairs three slops at a time. 1ml lie did not. telegraph. He got the automobile til bury from the Avater: lie sopped it uPj and" rubbed it down i ill it looked as avcII as Avium ir left Hie liianufaeHirer., I Then because Miss Waterloo's arm wtisi so ou1 of order, be got into the horseless carriage beside her and took her to hoi home. Later lie look ber 10 his home. "Chicago News." 