A SHORT STORY. JUDITH ARMYTAGE. (By J. Hawthorne.) v When he graduated from the theological college, Smith Armytage thought he had a Divine, call to preach unto the nations ; but, after preaching to parishioners of Marl for ten years, he suspected he was on the wrong track. The bent of his mind was speculative and metaphysical, rather than theological or religious. He flattered himself he was too strong for orthodoxy ; but, in truth, he was too weak he could not steer a straight course. He had married, mean while and Judith was born ; so he could could not afford to quit the ministry. There he hung between necessity and in senatoR or conscience, as he called it for nearly ten years more. A Stranger by the name of BeLtibo came to Mari one summer (it was a pretty mountainous spot and sat in < Armytage'? church for six Sundays in .-?wSaccession. Mr. Belzibo was hard to make out. He was about sixty-five, shabbily clad, with a ragged, grizzly beard, and glowing eyes, deep-set under his shaggy eyebrows. He was of unusual height, very lean and walked with his hands clasped behind him, and his grotesque visage thrust forward. His head was high above the ears, and conical, covered with short grey hair. The top of his right ear had been cut off. Nobody liked him or knew what to make of him, and everybody feared him, except Judith Armytage, who was then eighteen. She treated him with a sort of ceremonious indifference, as if he were neither peculiar nor important. This was notable because, ordinarily, Judith was courteous, shy, and highly impressionable. She seemed to regard Belzibo not as a human creature exactly, but rather as a kind of animal a thing without a soul not a thing to be respected. Belzibo came to dine at-the parsonage one day. Mrs. Armytage had died some years before. The clergyman and Judith sat opposite each other at the small square dining-table, Belzibo at Judith's right; the fourth side was, of course, empty. After Judith had poured out the coffee, Belzibo simply said, " Armytage, have I your leave to make that girl any wife P" ^'You! your wife! Why-Judith-" stammered Armytage, amazed. , "I have money plenty of it," the other added. "Do you know anything of this, daughter ?" asked the clergyman. " It is not worth heeding," said she, quite composedly. " There is your coffee, sir, "I was a fine man forty years ago," Belzibo rejoined, staring at the vacancy across the table. I Judith looked at him and smiled. * " You don't believe it Look 1" said he. Hffviifted his bony finger and pointed across the table. Armytage and his daughter Ruth looked there. Armitage saw nothing. Judith turned pale, half rose from her chair, and sank back with a low cry, "What is the matter my dear?" inquired her father. Judith shook her head and moistened her lips. "What are forty years ejaculated' Belzibo, with a dark glance at her. " I knew you had lost it," returned they commanding herself to speak. 'What is it?" repeated, Armytage,, blankly. 1 Belzibo grinned. "Metempaychosisv"*' said he. After a pause he added, addres ? sing Judith, " You will meet him again, and I will have you after all." She had now recovered herself, and said, "I don't believe in those things. At any rate, it would make no difference. You are what you are, and I am I." With this, she rose from the table, and I went out. "Really, this is most extraordinary !"' exclaimed the clergyman. "Let us change the subject," paid Belzibo. "I take an interest in you; you have no business in a pulpit. Your brain was built for other business. You want to burrow into the obscurity of things. The philosopher's stone eh? Hermetic philosophy P What is the soul What the body. What their creation P Is nature soluble and to he reçempounded? That is the kind of problem for you. Quit the church and take them up." ' "It can't be, answered Armytage, with agitation. "I have no means of support but from my calling. We can not do what we would." " Pshaw ! We can if we will, t That's it. When I was twenty-five I killed a man murdered him," I. " Mr. Bebtibo !" protested the clergy jfrjuftTtj. his jaw falling. "There, there! Tfc may have been a case of suicide. And I shouldn't mind repeating it now. How would you like ten thousand a year, and a fine house and grounds of your own P" ' I fear you are talking at random, Jill. Belief' " Listen to me. Promise me- to leave the pulpit, and take up philosophy, and you shall have them. Is it a bargain P" Come, come Mr.., Bekibo, I really must--?" * Belzibo struck the table heavily with hand, Ms it bargain, I say?" cried he. "Yes or no. Ten thousand a year, and a splendid property on condition yon leave the ministry. I am in earnest, you fool-in-dead, earnest ! Yes or no P ^*sjuiweT*2nel "'"But I 2on*dnowv well, Then, yes, of course!" faltered Armytage, *T»lanchinging,*Tmder-the fierce stare, and 'frightened by the imperious will. V Behold leaned back in his chair with. a, chuckle. Then he got up, and over to Jb-mytage held out his "Ifs a bargain>A8aídhev-¡-wGive your landoniL A bargain J" v Armytage faintly put forth his hand, which the other grasped in a cold bony blatch. ,, A. week later news came that Bekibo, who had left Mark on the day following the above incident, was dead; and in due course Mr. Armytage was informed that tfcewQl either deceased made him Hearts 2000 dollars and -a hand- some dwelling- house, am-The Cedars," standing/in grounds a hundred acres in extent on the seashore The house was completely furnished, and contained a frnhmhlehhTary,particularly rich in work in the occult sciences and speculative philosophy. of Ai»ytage^a^^aidTJOÖ»iag'-to Judith About the bargain he had made with ]jBehabo hunger; he had supposed the man must be jesting or crazy, and had lane to forget the affair. The news of the bequest gave him a shock, only partly disagreeable. Here was a future of Inznry, passed in his favourite but hitherto enjoyed pursuits. Nothing was said in the wife about conditions, Irat the whole thing-was incomprehen table. It almost looked as if Belzibo had gone off and killed himself in order to keep his engagement. But why? We suppose that he cared for Armytage fears absurd; and as for Judith, had she not refused him with scorn P This was i£T»comfortable,.but,ihen, there was the routine. " An unlooked-for 1blesBÎ*ag-4ndeed," remarked Joe a Judith. "I think it would be better not to except it," replied? she. " My dear, money almost to be sought to the exclusion of higher things, but rather are we to reject fortua^jägl} it comes. This bequest puts the world at your feet, and leaves me free to study and meditate." " You might, perhaps, do some good with it in the Church, said Judith. "I-it has been my intention I have for some time determined to take the first opportunity to retire from the ministry," returned her father. She looked at him with a startled expression. "Don't do it, father!" she said, earnestly. "No good will come of it. If you must keep the bequest, sell " The Cedars" and the estate and live here. Use the money in the parish." "Perhaps; I will think it over. But I am getting on and there are other reasons. I will think it over and decide," said Armytage, uneasily. The next morning he came down to breakfast with a ghastly look. " I must accept the legacy and give up the pulpit, were his first words to his daughter. Judith glanced up at him, and her face I darkened. But she made no reply, and for several minutes there was silence. At length she said in a quiet tone, " How did you sleep last night father ?" "Did you see it, too?" returned he drawing his breath. "If it will make you more comfortable, she rejoined, evading a direct answer, "I am willing to go to The Cedars. The mischief has been done, and we will make the best of it." So to " The Cedars " they went. Indeed, almost anyone would have done so in their place. Mr. Armytage's sudden abandonment of the pulpit caused some gossip, as a matter of course, and superstitious old women declared that Belzibo was no other than the Great Prince Beel zebu himself, and that he had bought the clergyman's soul and paid for it in real estate and cash. But this was absurd; for Mr. Belzibo was a retired shipowner, who had made his fortune, years before, in the East India trade, and assuming that he had a soul of his own, what should he want with anybody else's HE The library more than made good the account given of it by its late owner. It contained everything in literature that could aid in making a man a modern Magian. Mr. Armytage spent nearly all his time there, reading and writing. The change in his habits and pursuits seemed to make a change in his character. A certain cheerfulness and playfulness of de- meanor disappeared, and he became grave and reticent, and averse from company. But he was evidently grow- ing profoundly learned; and one can- not do that without making some sacrifice. On the other hand, it is difficult for society to dislike wealthy people, especially when one of the people is a beautiful girl, living in luxurious surroundings. Accordingly, the Armytage's had a great many visitors, or, in other words, Judith had plenty of admirers. She showed a talent for managing things and the household affairs proceeded in an orderly and handsome manner. Each guest was made to feel comfortable, and as if careful attention was being shown him or her; at the same time no one was distinguished above the rest. Mr. Armytage was uniformly produced upon fitting occasions, and middle-aged gentlemen and ladies were on hand to ask him about his studies, and to express interest and appreciation for all he said to them. Altogether, it appeared to be a successful menage. Among the guests who turned up with a certain persistence that showed a liking for being there, was John Revell, a man, of thirty and upwards, who had been in the army. He had lived a nomadic and adventurous life even his own account and had sojourned, several years in India. He was Clark, quiet and massive, with a large square head, and eyes habitually introspective, but sometimes gleaming out in a look of exceeding penetration. He would pace up and down the verandah with his hands in his pockets and his head, bent j. he would sit motionless for hours in--»-._orner-withy_, book he would often converse-<with T_r.j_T_a.y-t tage, betraying an extraordinary familiarity with occult subjects; he spoke little to-Judith, but he watched her quietly. One summer afternoon, as she was walking alone on a path bordering the shore, he came up from among some rocks on the beach and joined her. "Who is this Mr. Noel MarP" he asked her, after some general conversation. " Is he an old friend of your father's ?" "We have known him about a year,'' said she, turning her head away. He resembles a man JE once saw in India," continued Revell. " He is much younger than that man would be now, but there is a strong resemblance. He called himself Sartane. He was a rich man, engaged in trade of some sort ; but he was not in very good repute. He had an unusual familiarity with the life of some of the native people, and it was said of him that he was an adept in black magic. His end was rather odd." " What was it P" asked- Judith, who had listened with interest. "He was found dead in his bungalow one morning with a knife between his ribs. At the inquest it was in doubt whether he had committed suicide or had been murdered. The body was nailed up in the coffin, and left in charge to be buried next day. But when they lifted the coffin to put it into the hearse, it was unexpectedly light and they opened it. The body was gone, and was never found. " It had been stolen ?" It would seem so. But the seals were unbroken. The natives said he had come come to life, and got out by arts known to himself and the evil one. I was reminded of the story by your Mr. Mar." " He is not my Mr. Mair," said Judith, and, after a pause, she added, " Ton never saw the former owner of our house did you?" Hovell shook his head. "He was a retired merchant in the East India trade. He told us that he had once killed a man. He, too, resembled Mr. Mar very much, only he was a great deal older." " What became of him?" asked Revell., "He died here. His body was found lying in that clump of cedars. There was no apparent cause of death. But he seemed to have known that he was about to die, for he had executed his will only the day before, and had left directions that his body was to be buried where it was found. They walked on in silence, and presently came to the cedar grove. It stood on a sandy knoll near the water. Beneath the largest tree there was a low headstone, marking a grave, though there was no inscription on it. But as they approached they saw a figure stretched upon the ground-the figure of a man. It was, in fact, Mr. Mar, who now rose, and advanced to meet them with a smile. He was a fine-looking personage, still young, with deep-set eyes beneath thick dark brows, and a narrow but lofty forehead. He was tall and slender, and his bearing was graceful and in- sinuating. "The gentleman who rests there has chosen his place well," be remarked. On a fine moonlight night one might expect to see his ghost there." " Ghosts sometimes walk by daylight," said Revell. "And do I look like one P rejoined Mar, laughing. "In that case, I suppose the proper thing to do is to vanish, and leave the living to their own devices. But be on your guard, for though I become invisible to the eye, I away aunt you still." So saying, with another laugh, he turned off amidst the shrubbery, and was gone. After a moment Revell turned to Judith. aij^hfJd pu$ bi«-h«*>J. " I love you," he said, in a deep voice. " Will you be my wife ?" She looked searchingly into his eyes. " But can you save me ?" she asked. He only nodded, and threw his arms around her. IV. Meanwhile, Mar returned along the shore towards the house, throwing pebbles at the waves as he walked, and talking in an undertone to himself. On arriving at the house he went direct to Mr. Armytage's study and entered without knocking. Armytage, seated at his table, looked up with a pale face. I can waste no more time, Smith, said the younger man; "it must be now." "aShe will never have you," returned the other, querulously. "You might at least do something to overcome her antipathy." "Her antipathy is half her charm. Besides, I don't like that fellow Revel round her. He has been spying on me and means to make trouble." " It would be worse trouble after than before." "Not for me," said Mary, smiling. " Come, I have waited a year and that's enough. I have fulfilled my part of the bargain. You are very comfortable here. Do you want to be kicked out into the wilderness to starve to death ? Do you think I would let out on you ?" Mr. Armytage groaned. " Why don't you tell her yourself, then ?" " It will come more gracefully from you. She might think I was roman- cing." "I wish you were dead !" said Armytage helplessly. Mar laughed again. " Is there not a grave under the cedars ?'' said he. Armytage rose from his chair and walked to the window, which looked out across the sea. After standing there a few moments he said, without turning round, "I will attend to it." When, soon after, he again faced about he was alone. ? T. Late that evening a great bank of clouds that had been gradually accumulating in the west rolled up over " The Cedars," and burst into a thunderstorm which raged furiously until far into the night, and raised a surf that pounded upon the shore like the explosion of a cannon. The study was lighted by a lamp pendant from the ceiling, moderated by a screen of silken gauze. Armytage and Main were conversing in low tones at the table. " I shall take her away to-night," said the latter, " as soon as the ceremony is over, I don't like the looks of that fellow Revel. Do you take care to play your part straight. You know what I can do with you." " Are you a man or a devil?" said the clergyman. " A distinction without a difference, father-in-law ! But I am so far different that I am fed by souls as other men by flesh and wine; without them I perish. But woe to him who cheats me of my chosen meal I pay a fair price, and I will be served." "She is coming!" exclaimed Armytage, in a whisper. " " Oh, my daughter May stopped behind the curtains in the window as Judith entered. The clock struck eleven. The reverberations of the thunder and the waves filled the room with heavy, muffled murmurs. " Do you want me to-night, father of Judith asked. "One more experiment that I wish to try my dear," replied he, in a deprecating tone, "I can promise you that it will be the last. You have already helped me to discover secrets known to no one else ; your < clairvoyance is without parallel. One more voyage into the other world and we are done." "Father," said Judith, fixing her eyes on him, " I am your daughter, but I am a woman too, with an immortal soul. I have given you a power over me by which you might destroy me, if you would. If you were to betray me, do you think that any gain it might bring-you would make you happy I have a right to my own life, and love and happiness. Will you not stop here P Let us live an honest, open life among human beings, and let these subtle mysteries go, for your sake as much as mine 2 It would be better to starve so, than to live with anything between us and truth. Think, father 1" " My dear, your- mistrust hurts me ! What can I desire but your well-being P and I am a better judge of what will secure that than a girl like you can be. Why should you hesitate now more than at another time? Do you doubt my love for you?" Judith remained gazing at him for a few moments, with a strange smile on her lips. He avoided her glance, affect- ing to be occupied with some- papers on the table. In those few silent moments a great stake was won and lost. Presently she said, "I am ready, then," and seated herself on a Jow re- clining chair a little removed from the table. She settled herself at ease, folded her hands, and closed her eyes. Her father stood up and looked at her. The light of the lamp became fainter, till the room was dusky. A sound like the low mellow note of a distant bell came to the ear in monotonous regularity. Judith lay motionless save for a slow, inward respiration. The pulsa- tions of the bell were like the beating of a heart, (gradually becoming less and less. The cheek and lips of the girl grew colourless,. She lay like one dead, for even her breathing had become im- perceptible. Armytage made a sign, and Mar stepped forth from behind the curtains. He strode noiselessly to the side of the girl, and contemplated her with a peculiar grimace in which a sort of burning hunger was mingled with an expression of malice. But presently he shook his head and frowned, "After all," muttered he "it is not Judith that I shall get, but another woman. What is a soul? What will have become of her whom we call Judith well, no matter! make your conjuration. I will find means to reach her, through the veils of identity." Armytage now seated himself beside Judith, and laid his hands on her. Judith," he said to her in a husky voice, " You love Noel Mary. You will always love him. You will be his wife, and do his bidding. No one else can ever come between you and him. Waking or sleeping you will be his. Body and soul, you will be his, till your life end." He paused, and they heard the roll of the thunder, the booming of the surf, and the rush of the rain. "That will do," said Mr. "Now, rouse her, and let us finish." Armytage struck his hands sharply together. "Wake!" exclaimed he. "Wake, Judith!" But not an eyelash quivered; not a breath, stirred her bosom. She lay like one dead-was she, indeed? "What does this mean" demanded Mar, suspiciously. "Are you trying to play me a trick ? You might as safely play with that lightning !" "I don't understand it!" returned Armytage, in a voice of alarm, as he made renewed efforts to arouse her. "My God! what can have happened Have we murdered her? Judith! Judith !" "You cannot deceive me!" said Mary, with a sneer. "Unless she awakens at once you will suffer the consequences. You know what they are !" " Ph. God ¡-Judith-mercy save me !" cried the other, falling in agony on his knees beside his daughter. There was no response. After a moment of dead silence, while even the voice of the storm seemed hushed, Mar slowly raised his arms. Army tage started merely to his feet, uttering a piercing scream, that died away in a- guttural quiver. With his hands before his face, he appeared to be striving to fight away some enemy that clutched at his throat. He staggered backwards, stumbling and reeling, till he was caught in an angle of the wall, where he crouched down, a chuckle of imbecile laughter dribbling through his lips. Then an iron hand fell on Mar's neck. "What are you doing, Belzibo Sartano ?" said the deep voice of John Revell. Mar turned with a savage cry, and struggled furiously to free himself. He was strong and lithe as a serpent, but he was held by the strength of a lion. The struggle lasted but a few breathless minutes. Revel forced him down and with his knee upon his breast, disarmed him of the knife concealed at his side. Then he flung him off and confronted him sternly. " I know your history," said he. ?" This is not a safe place for you. God sent me to protect this girl. I fought you and your own wretched victim there with your own weapons. Now, be off, or I will show you no more consideration than you meant to show him-and her !" \ " But she is dead !" snarled the other, gasping and shivering. ' "No, she lives!" replied ReveU, " and her life, in future, will be safe from any influence except what comes from her own heart and wUL Awake, Judith," he continued, beckoning to the sleeping girl. " The trouble is past, you are free. She sighed, moved, enclosed her eyes, and slowly raised herself on one arm. Her glance, at first bewildered, finally rested on Revell, and with a smile she rose and came to him. He put one arm round her shoulders, and so faced the defeated enemy. But he, by whatever name he might be known, seemed to dread the regard of her eyes more than the power of the man. There must have been the remnant of something human in him. He covered his face, arid slunk back into the shadow of the room. They did not see him pass the threshold; but when Revell revived the light of the lamp he was gone. The storm passed away during the, night, and the morning was as fresh and pure as a maiden's soul. Walking along the dimpling margin of the blue sea, Judith and her lover came to the grove of cedars. The largest of them had been struck by a lightning bolt, and was split from summit to base, and the headstone of the grave was shattered. And there lay the body of a man, seeming to wear- the features of Mar. Yet the face was that of an aged man, with grizzled hair and furrowed skin. He was dead, but there was no mark of death upon him. Perhaps he had died long before; or perhaps the vision of an untainted love had smitten him with death to which-comes no hereafter. The Warder. 