(Brbmatton (Sermon. iPreachtd at St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, on December 21st, 1896, by Rev. H. B. Macartney. Gen. xxx. IS— 'She called his name Issachar.' What a wealth of truth and beauty gathers round that one word Issachar 1 What plentiful waters bubble up from that little spring ! How suggestive the story of that baby boy, and of the land of his inheritance! What veins of precious metal, connected with that story, run right through the Bible from Genesis to Eevelation! Behold what manner of stone, what building materials are here! May the Holy Spirit throw some bright beams of light to-day upon what is written on the sacred page concerning Issachar. Observe: (1) Leah liad a passion for children. Had she been barren like Rachel, she, too, would have said, ' Give me children, or I die.' This passion had the mastery of her life. Already she was the mother of four, but that was not enough. She must increase and multiply. So it is spiritually. We must thirst, and hunger, and pant for souls. To this end we are severed from the wild vine and grafted into the True. To escape frdih natural sterility, to take away our reproach among men, we are detached from the Covenant between God and self, like Ruth detached from her first husband, and are attached to the Covenant between God and Christ ; we are ' joined to another,' to ' a mighty man of wealth,' even ' to Him who is raised from the dead, that we may bring forth fruit unto God.' The desire to create saving and sanctifying impressions wherever we go, to pro pagate the holy seed, to ' form Christ' in the hearts of others, is part of the law of the Spirit of Life. To be destitute of this noblest ambi tion is a defect of most serious character, with most serious conse quences. The want of it in man or minister involves tremendous losses—loss to the souls that would otherwise be saved ; loss to our selves hi having neither ' joy, nor crown of rejoicing,' when we stand before the Lord at His coming ; loss to the Saviour Himself, for ' in the multitude of people is the King's glory' (Prov. xiv. 28). Observe : (2) Leah counted the cost. Her child was the fruit not only of relationship, but of self-denial. She says, ' God hath given me my hire.' To her sister she had surrendered Reuben's trifling but most acceptable little present ; to her husband she had surren dered her handmaid. She had buried the lust of the flesh in the one case, and the pride of life in the other, for she had a special object in view to which everything else was subservient. So it is spiritually. It is not enough to be related to Christ simply for our own peace of mind ; we must be purged that we may bring forth fruit. We cannot be Christ's friends, or even His followers, apart from self-sacrifice. We once knew the power of ' whosoever' in John iii. 16, when our souls hung on Christ as the gateway of salvation ; . but do we now know the ' whosoevers' of Luke xiv., which constitute ' hating one's own life,' ' taking up the cross,' and. ' forsaking all that we have' as the gateway of discipleship ? Heart-joy is, as a rule, preceded by heart-anguish when 'a manehild is born into the world.' It was when Zion ' travailed' that she brought forth her children (Isa. Ixvi. 8). We must count the cost ; we must be ready to forego the most innocent pleasure, or to endure the most agonising pain to bring newness of life to sinners ; we must be ready to go forth weeping, bearing precious seed ; we must be ready to lose eye or foot or hand in getting water from the well of Bethlehem to quench this Calvary thirst. ' Lo, children are an heritage of the Lord ; and the fruit of the womb is His reward.' Yes, our self-denial may be contemptibly small or exceeding great, but if it leads to the felicity of others and $,dds to the Master's glory, our ' hire' will be golden, our reward will be great, our ' Heaven will be two heavens' in ImmanuePs Land ! Observe: (3) Issachar xoas free born. Jacob's twelve sons divide into three sets of four each. The first four were children of a free woman ; the second four were children of slaves ; the third four, again, were children of the free. Issaehar was the first of these last four, and therefore he was free born. The father in each case was the same— not so the mother. So it is spiritually. There is only one Heavenly Father, but the earthly parents are manifold. Thousands can say of other thousands, ' In Christ Jesus have I begotten you through the Gospel.' Children take after their spiritual progenitors as they do after their earthly. How important that our inner life should be free and vigorous and full of the Holy Ghost! How calamitous should we be in bondage ourselves, and thus give birth to a sickly offspring, or actually propagate disease ? Sovereignty can overrule all this, but still we are responsible, and must give account. The quality of converts is far more important than their quantity. If the pastors are beautiful in holiness, their flocks will be more beautiful still ! Observe: (4) The cradle of that one baby-boy was the cradle of millions. At the beginning of the wilderness journey, Issachar's adult males were reckoned at 54,400 (Numb. i. 29). At the close they had reached 64,300, standing with Dan and Judah at the very top of the list. All these thousands, moreover, were 'able to go forth to war.' We never know when a babe is born what its sphere, its influence may be. It may be world-wide for good or ill. Think of Buddha's; career, or Nero's ! Think of Confucius, and Mahomet, and Buonaparte ;. think of Ignatius Loyola, or John Wesley ; think of the Man-Beast— r the ' Over-King' — yet unborn, and Anti-Christ, his false prophet; think of St. Paul; think of the Virgin's Son! Oh, ye cradles of I earth, teach us to ponder over each new-born babe in Christ with wonder, fear, and intercession! 'A seed,' a single seed, 'shall serve Him; it shall be accounted to the Lord for a generation' (Ps. xxii. 30). Observe: (5) That the first view of Issachar' s character is 'not altogether attractive.' ' Issachar is a strong ass, couching down . . , in a goodly land, bowing his shoulder to bear, becoming a servant to ? task-work' (Gen. xlix. 14). Here is 'pleasant serfdom^ease at the cost of liberty.' How many of God's people are like this? A settling down to the ' daily round' — right enough in its own way, but., unillumined by a single spark of holy ambition— a quiet contentment with ' bread-winning' instead of ' soul-winning,' and 'prize- winning,' and * * winning Christ — this is not enough ; this is not saintliness j . this is a very low type of Christianity, but alas! it prevails everywhere. We don't want ordinary Christians to neglect ordinary things, but we do want ordinary Christians to wake up to the fact of their kingly birth, their priestly calling, their magnificent opportunities, their unsearchable .riches in Christ, the desperate needs of the human family, and to attempt something extraordinary and super natural in the promised power of the Holy Ghost ! We want the^ strong ass to speak with ^an's voice, and to forbid the madness of the hour ! Observe: (6) That God's wonderful love is tvholly independent of conduct and character. It is parental love, and therefore unquench able. So we find Issachar pitched eastward beside Judah in Israel's camp, under the standard of the Lion, leading in the van on the line of march (Num. ii. 5). So, too, we find his name in the onyx stone* * on the shoulder of the High Priest, engraved according to his. birth; and yet again engraved on the breast-plate of the same High Priest,. according to Jiis tribe. He is doubly represented before God, and yet so differently, with a deep, rich, glorious meaning in that difference. Mr. H. W. Soltau asks — ' Does not this twofold arrangement of Israel,,. according to birth and according to tribe, point out to us the two aspects in which we stand as believers before God, presented in our great High Priest, the Lord Jesus? If looked at in the onyx stones,, there -was no difference between one of the children of Israel and another. Reuben might prove unstable as 'water, and yet he was first in one of the stones. Benjamin and Joseph might be especial favourites, yet they were last. Thus it is with all the Israel of God. . If viewed with reference to their birth of God, there can be no difference. One is as precious and glorious as another. The infinite cost of the blood of Christ has been paid alike for each and all.. Bach lias indissoluble union with the risen Lord, in life and glory. But the children of Israel were represented in an entirely different . order, and after a different manner, on the breast-plate of the High Priest. Bach there has his own peculiar precious stone and his own., peculiar place. And so it is with the individuals that compose the ChurcJh of God. Each reflects Christ ; and yet Christ is seen in each with a peculiar beauty and glory, into which another does not intrude^. Each has his place also in the body; a responsibility to exhibit Christ ? in that very place, which belongs to himself and not to another, and. for which alone he is fitted. ' Observe: (7) That character, like scenery, is capable of undergoing? the most astounding changes. The devil can debase character, but the Holy Ghost can make us ' new creatures.' Well. was it for Issachar that his moral destiny was not irrevocably fixed by Jacob. Look on . 250 years, and now Moses is the prophet. What do we find in Deuteronomy xxxiii. 18, 19 ? No longer the ass, or the luxurious land- - lord, or the tributary people, but 'Rejoice, Zebulun, in thy going;, out ; and, Issachar, in thy tents. They shall call the peoples unto the mountain ; there they shall offer sacrifices of righteousness : for they shall suck the abundance of the seas, and the hidden treasures of the -? sand.' The brothers Issachar and Zebulun are here 'bracketed'' together, if I may so say, both in secular and religious things. They were with joy to hold the plough on land, and the helm at sea ; they were to become rich exceedingly; their enterprises were to prosper both at home and abroad; they were to give the 'mountain-call'' to the Mountain of Holiness in the dispensation of the Holy Ghost,, and, still more loudly, in the ears of the whole Gentile world, to the = 'Mountain of the Lord's House' in the days of the Sop of Man!. What cheer to the labourer of to-day in the matter-of-fact application of this truth ? Fools become wise ; lions become lambs ; niggards become benevolent ; God-haters become transfigured into lovers of the Lord Jesus, with tearful eyes, and grateful testimonies ; souls wrapped, up in local interests become ravished with an all-embracing love ; easy-going Church people become ministering spirits, and lights to lighten the darkness. Therefore, ' In the morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thy hand.' In God the Holy Ghost you- have power with men, so that all upon whom you lay the hands of faith and prayer, ' with unveiled face reflecting as a mirror the glory of the IJord, may be transformed into the same image from glory to- glory' (2 Cor. iii. 18). Observe : (8) The measure of the Spirit is capable of infinite increase. Head Judges v. 15 — ' The princes of Issachar were with Deborah ; as ? was Issachar, so was Barak ; into the valley they rushed forth at Ms feet.' It is a transformation scene. They have beaten their -plowshares into swords, and their pruninghooks into spears ! The ? soldiers inspire the general ! Into the valley they rush ! These are the deeds that win the empire. The sleepiest parish may become the centre of a great revival ; it may send refreshing undulations through the length and breadth of the land. The very site of Issachar's . inheritance is war-exciting. It is the cross-roads of Canaan. That 'ancient' river is in Hebrew the 'river of battles.' Kishon is a .river for blood. Esdraelon is the battle-field of nations. Here Sisera lost his army ; here Gideon put to night the Midianites ; here bad : Saul and good king Josiah perished ; here Shalmanezer unfurled his .Assyrian banners ; here Russia, the ' New Assyria,' will come up in -the latter days. But something greater far than military exploits is shadowed out in Issachar's land. Carmel was in Issachar. Here ? was the battle-ground of Truth ; here was the Reformation ; here was Baal's ruin and Jehovah's triumph; here idols were abolished, priest \- craft flung into the mire, and prayer magnified in a great rain outpouring. Further, Issaehar's Jezreel means 'fertility.' It is the ' seed-piot' of God,' the nursery-garden of the world. Issachar was the thoroughfare, the 'Broad Street' of Galilee, with frontage both 'to Jordan and the Great Sea. Issachar is a glorious prairie — a prairie ; garden. Needless to say, Jesus is typified the Prophet of Galilee, the Sower sowing those Gospel seeds which are to make this globe ?one mighty harvest-field, with its angel reapers. Our children, there of ore, should be trained with one dominant idea — that they are 'listed .for the conflict with unbelief and modern Baal- worship, that every parish is to be ready to furnish its contingent, and that at all risks, and at whatever cost, they are to carry the Gospel to all lands in the teeth ?of the foe, and to sow beside all waters. Observe : (9) The Church of God stands in need of thought as well as ? of courage. The heroic spirit being now kindled, Christ being all, ;the 'good news' being carried everywhere, what next? ' To him that hath shall more be given.' Issachar, to the front with Barak, is . again to the front with David, ' to turn the Kingdom to him.' Read 1 Ohron. xii. 32 — 'And of the children of Issachar, men that had understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do ; the 1 heads of them were 200; and all their brethren were at their com mandment.' How important that our clergy should have under : standing of the times — not students of history only, or of science, or of literature, but students of the world of to-day, applying their knowledge, turning it to practical account, and commanding the . .respect of thousands ! How important that we should know the times that go over the inner man — the times and seasons of the soul ! How one longs to linger on those four periods which, amid immense variety, are common -to all the elect — that first period, the time of total alienation, and of the carnal mind, which we may describe as 'far from home, without 'the Lord Jesus' ; or that second period of awakening to sin, and guilt, and fear ; of hasting to the Cross for shelter ; of seeing the storm 'bursting on the sinless Sufferer, and the jaws of the grave closing on the sin-laden Lamb of Calvary ; of confessing ' we indeed justly : that :is our due reward,' and of identifying ourselves with the God-forsaken \- One in death and burial — that period which we may describe as ' Far from home, with the Lord Jesus'; or thatthird period when, united to the Son of God in Eesurrection, we get not only ' peace with God,' but ' the peace of God which passeth all understanding,' that period of fellowship and joy unspeakable which we may describe as 'at home .with the Lord Jesus' ; or lastly, that period of full fruition, beyond the dawn, beyond the grave, beyond the rapture of the saints, which -we may call 'with the Lord Jesus at home.' No ministry can be \- effectual that knows nothing vividly of the typical meaning of Israel : in Egypt, Israel at the Passover, Israel in the wilderness, and Israel in Canaan. How important, too, to know the times of tlie Holy Ghost, com . mencing with Pentecost and the birth of the earliest members of the bride, continuing until now, while God is taking from Jew and Gentile ? ' a people for His name' ; and still to continue till ' the shout, and the ? voice of the Archangel, and the trump of God,' when He Himself -will quicken the mortal bodies of the dead in Christ, and beautify the Hiving. How important to know the times of the True Church — that she is no ?Queen now, and 'sits a widow' because the bridegroom is taken away; that her place is outside the popular ecclesiastical gate, \- despised, rejected, and unknown ; that her day comes only when her Lord comes to transport her to the skies ; that her works, wrought in her by the Spirit of God, and tested by fire at the judgment seat ? of Christ, are to form her wedding garment ; that she is to descend to earth after the marriage supper, to live and reign with Christ a thousand years, to inhabit His city, and to enjoy Him for ever. How important to know the times of the Anti-Church (if I may coin the word) — that mighty Apostasy, that false bride, which in some respects so closely imitates the true— that woman that loves . Pageant, that delights to ride the Beast of Political Power, that is so soon, by her own favourites, to be hated, and desolated, and burnt. How important to know the times of Satan— that wicked spirit in heavenly places, with whom we have to wrestle now; against whom the angels are preparing war ; who is to be ' cast down' as soon as fhe Church is ' caught up' ; whose place is to be ' found no more in heaven'; whose wrath will flame out against land and sea in the ' Great Tribulation,' because he knoweth that he hath but a short time ; whose end is to be bound, released, defeated, and cast into the lake of fire. How important to know the times of Israel — that imperishable nation, born in mystery, cradled in miracle, rocked in wild desert storms ; once rich and reigning, now in beggary ; scattered and peeled, but never forgotten ; destined again to rally round the throne of David, and then to ' blossom, and bud, and fill the face of the world with fruit.' How important to know the times of the Gentiles, to ' understand by books' their beginning, and duration, and character ; to watch for, pray for, work for the opening up of those countries still sealed against the Gospel— an opening which will indicate our near approach to a Terminus— the breaking-up of Daniel's Image, the close of those 2520 years. How important to know the times of Jesus, His work now in preparing a place and a people, His work in coming for His people, His purposes of severity and mercy when He comes with His people , to tread the wine-press, and to usher in Millennial Day. How important to know wJiat to; do, to have power to do it, and to have power over others who are under our command! It is 'the wise men which know the times,' who see the King's face, who sit nearest the throne, and whom the King takes into His confidence (Esther i. 13, 14) ; and we are to be the wise men of to-day, because we know ' the time, that now it is high time to awake out of sleep' (Rom. xiii. 11). ' The end of all things is at hand.' ' The Judge is at the door.' Observe: (10) That God has a ' seal' for His people, as well as a salvation. ' Of the tribe of Issachar were sealed 12,000' (Rev. vii. 7). God the Father sealed His own Son (John vi. 27). Jesus ha.d had the Spirit in Him ever since His birth, but not till His Pentecost did the Spirit rest upon Him for power in service. Each labourer must have his Pentecost, or he labours with small success. ' Tarry ye in the city until ye be endued with power from on high.' Observe : (11) The eternal honour that is put upon the sealed. The city in the great Beyond has twelve portals, and 'names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel' (Rev. xxi. 12) ; each portal is cut from a single pearl, with its porch and tower and steps. Issachar's is the centre tower on the South, and his gate is never shut. The Lamb is the light of the city. Nobody unrenewed can enter in, — the blaze would be intolerable, but ' His servants shall serve Him' ; they are ' kings and priests to God and His Father.' I see before me a company of priests — 'priests' in the New Testa ment sense of the Word, and now, in addition, candidates for the office of Deacon and Presbyter. Oh, before you go a step higher, learn all that lies in that ' holy' and ' royal' priesthood to which you belong by virtue of your adoption into the family of God ; teach your Issachars how to reign as kings, and to sacrifice as priests, how to be sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise, and how to bless, as of old, on Mount Gerizim. May you and all your Issachars, and all their Issachars again to the last generation, crowd that pearly southern gate, thousands and tens of thousands of them from these sunny, southern lands ! And when you see that throng,1 their forms like seraphs, their harps resounding, their garments washed in the blood of the Lamb — that will be your joy, and that will be your ' hire' ! 