"Neither Bolt Nor Bar." By M. BURKINSHAW. "Her father he has locked the door, Her mither keeps the key, But neither bolt nor bar shall keep My ain true love from me!" SHALL never marry any one else" "You shall never marry him !" "We shall nee!! And Madge Brown threw back her dark head with a look of determination. Her stepfather shifted his feet uneasily in the stirrups. Truly, Madge would be of age next week, but by her mother's will she could not inherit her fortune until she was 26, unless previously married. Still, he would have his say. Madge had no relativs* nearer than Brisbane, and an un- married girl finds, even in our up-to-date days, many drawbacks and obstacles against taking the law into her own hands, par- ticularly when she is practically buried on a " back-block" station, where the manag- ing-owner is autocrat and king from the overseer down to the smallest tar-boy. And if by fair means or foul John Ellis could separate his step-daughter and Evan Duncan there was no doubt that he would do so. Personal spite had as much to do with the matter as anything else, for Evan had com- mitted the unpardonable sin of selecting on the pick of Warranga, and had there reared his substantial four- roomed cottage ; and now Evan's sheep were fattening where once the Warranga sheep fattened for the buyers. And woe betide the luckless woolly quadruped with the Duncan brand that found itself on the wrong side of the Dun- can wire fences. John Ellis had long set his heart on Madge's carrying off the matrimonial prize of the district Gordon Smythe, the largest sheepowner on that side of the Downs, had long ago sought to win the hand and heart of handsome Madge Brown. For he had come to that time of life when a man par- ticularly wishes to tie a young and inex- perienced girl to his wornout self, and scorns the matured charms of women nearer his own age. Unluckily for John Ellis's plans, Madge and Evan had met at a friend's house in the township, and after that it often so happened that in Madge's solitary rides about Warranga the young selector was busy with nothing in particular just where Miss Brown's fine black horse most often wandered. Then there would be a sur- prised greeting, an exchange of remarks on the weather or the coming show and hos- pital ball in the township, and Evan's brown mare would keep pace—wonderfully well— with Madge's black, until the sun slanted low amongst the gum-trees, and lingering good-byes were said, and innocent questions about the direction of Miss Brown's next ride were asked and as innocently answered, with tell-tale blushes. But these happy hours were not to con- tinue long without interruption. Nothing in life ever stands still for an hour or a day ; we are never more than one blissful moment at the zenith of love : we are thank God !—not long in the very blackest depth of misery—we die if so, and thus find peace. Perhaps a lazy boundary-rider lounging round his fences brought back gossip to the station ; perhaps the mail man returning from his bi-weekly trip up the river caught a glimpse of the two equestrians skirting the swamp that lay half-way between Warranga and the main road that led by Duncan's sliprails. What ever chattering tell-tale bird brought the news to Mr Ellis's sharp ears, certain it was that Madge was forbidden to ride alone any more. " You can come out with me," said her stepfather urbanely ; "I shall be going to look at the wethers in the River paddock to- morrow, and you can have Blackamore saddled and brought round at three o'clock." Madge demurred, thinking of the solitary figure in white moleskins, Crimean shirt, and cabbage-tree hat, who would be strain- ing his eyes towards the bridle-track that led from the station to the Warranga boundary, and would go home disappointed and wondering to his lonely meal. Poor fellow ! How she wished she could make things more comfortable for him. She pic- tured the newspaper-covered walls of his cottage, the plain deal table (not innocent of grease-spots), the comfortless bunk in the corner, and the candle-box reversed for a seat. In point of fact, Evan was far more comfortable than the average young selec- tor ; but a woman's tender heart loves to picture a man as lonely and comfortless without a wife's ministering hands. Several old bachelors of my acquaintance find the tobacco jar and certain strong waters suffi- cient consolation ; but you can't put old heads on young shoulders. So it was with a very grave face that Madge set out for the uncongenial ride with her stepfather on the following day. It was then, as they stayed their horses and watched the scattered sheep browsing on the river plain, while the crest of Mount Carrabar rose gray and dis- tant above the tree-tops to the north, that Mr Ellis expounded his matrimonial views to his stepdaughter. " If your dear mother still lived," he said unctuously, dashing an imaginary tear from his small, light-blue eyes, " there is nothing she would wish more than to see you hap- pily, settled with a man of mark and stand- ing like Gordon Smythe. Believe me, my dear child, I speak for your good. What is youthful love ? Bosh ! my girl—bosh ! Money and position—they last—they last!" And he smacked his lips in anticipation of such a prospect. " One hundred and eighty thousand sheep and a big barn of a house, and " began Madge, impatiently, but her stepfather em- phatically interrupted her with—" And a husband like Gordon Smythe !" " Forty-five, if a day—a crabby old bache- lor, and fond of whisky !" said Madge, flip- pantly, jerking Blackamore's head away from a juicy bit of saltbush. " A fine man, of a commanding presence, and of a sensible age," answered her step- father, beginning to get angry. " Jacka- napes like that young Duncan—just out of the schoolroom, and with only a slab hut to offer a, girl, and a few thousands of mon- grel sheep" " Indeed—indeed, papa, Evan's sheep look lovely—so fat!" " Yes, fattening on the pick of my country —the young upstart!" " Well, papa, the country was thrown open for selection, and if he hadn't taken it up some one else would have got it. We might have done so much worse—have had sheep and cattle stealing neighbours like the Darwins, or a public-house started at the corner, and grog being smuggled into the men's huts at all hours. And Mr Duncan has described his house to me, and it has four rooms and a kitchen ; and I'm sure it is much better to marry for love than"-- It was then that the conversation ensued which opens this story, and a stormy scene followed ; but Madge rode back to the sta- tion unconquered. Evan was forbidden the house, and her letters to him were to be confiscated, as Mr Ellis always did up the mail-bag with his own determined hand. But " Love will find the way," and Madge did not yet despair. As she slipped off her saddle to the ground, she patted Blackamore, and tenderly whispered in his wisely-cocked ear, " Old Darling ! You would help me if you could." Blackamore whinnied softly, as if in response, and Madge somehow felt comforted. After she had doffed her habit and clipped into one of those fresh white dresses which so accentuated her bright face and dark crown of hair, she strolled into the kitchen, and putting on a big holland apron pro- ceeded philosophically to make scones for tea. While she manipulated the rolling pin her mind revolved many things, par- ticularly the necessity of seeing Evan again soon and telling him the unhappy turn affairs had taken. Just then Jane, the housemaid, came into the kitchen with sym- pathetic eyes fixed on her young mistress's thoughtful face. " Please, Miss, Master wants you in the drorin' room," said Jane, setting her arms akimbo and surveying the floury vision be- fore her. " All right, Jane—but goodness ! I must shake some of this off first" And Madge whirled round, scattering flour broadcast. "Is there any in my hair, Jane ? I sup- pose its some visitor papa wants me for. Well, here goes ;" and Madge was up the back steps in a trice, and much astonished a middle-aged gentleman, who was seated pondering in an armchair, by the abruptness of her entrance. However, when she saw who her visitor was she was all dignity and coldness in a minute. " How do you do, Mr Smythe ?" she said, extending a limp hand and hastily with drawing it from his too eager grasp. "Ah ! blooming, I see, as usual, Miss Madge. What health you have !" " You see I am very young," Madge said, unkindly cutting him short. He winced a little. "Ah ! youth is not everything. Youth and beauty on the one hand, and experience and wisdom on the other," he murmured absently, giving her a careful, watchful look from his narrow brown eyes. " I prefer youth on either hand—and love," she said softly, while her thoughts flew back to Evan. Poor fellow! he would just have reached home, having given her up in despair, and was probably just taking the saddle off the brown mare and turning her out for the night among the pine-trees that fringed the clearing where his cottage stood. But she was rapidly brought to earth again by her elderly admirer advancing a step and snatching at her hand. "If it is love you want, Miss Madge," he said huskily, " you have it here before you." She opened her eyes very wide, taking in his portly presence, the grizzled beard, and head rapidly going bald, the aristocratic yet rubicund nose which did not deny her imputation, and the narrow, inscrutable, brown eyes. This the embodiment of love ! Oh, no! Love to her came attired in moleskins and cabbage-tree hat, not in broadcloth and gold watch chain. Love to her had clear, gray eyes and a drooping, golden-brown moustache. Love to her had only a weatherboard cottage, not a dozen empty rooms and wide verandas. Love to her was only a selector with his foot on the first rung of the ladder, not a portly landowner sitting at the top with a glass of whisky in one hand and Paris frocks for her in the other. She had never known poverty, so she was not afraid of it. Perhaps after-years might teach her dif- ferently, but now " Love was lord of all.' A sudden terrible wish to laugh uproar- iously came over her. " Oh, do be quiet," she gasped , " you are too funny. I beg your pardon, I'm sure ; but this is so—so very unexpected." (Oh ! Madge.) "It takes my breath away—makes me really hysterical ;' and she controlled herself with difficulty. Mr Smythe looked slightly discomposed. " You must know," he said gravely, " that I have long intended to honour you with the offer of my hand and heart. From your stepfather I have learnt that I am not displeasing to you, so I have had reason to hope that ere many months are over you will reign as mistress in my humble home." He smiled at his own jocularity in speak- ing of Moorlands as " humble." Had he not Venetian blinds to all his plate-glass windows ? Had he not a drawing-room carpet especially brought from London ? Had he not a suite of green velvet drawing room furniture that was the envy of the district ? Had he not a cream separator in his dairy, and the latest patent in wash- ing machines for his laundry ? What more could a girl want ? No colonial ovens for him ! There was a Beacon Light stove in his kitchen, and a brick oven for bread baking. He knew that Madge's frocks were of her own manufacture. Well, she should have all her dresses made in Sydney in future, and an allowance that would dazzle her. But—foolish man !—he could not understand that a wooden window shutter can keep Love in when Venetian blinds and plateglass fail, that a bare floor is oft-times easier than a Brussels carpet, that Austrian chairs do very well to sit on, that butter can be made with a wooden spoon in a china basin, that camp ovens will sometimes suffice for the baking of light bread, and that youth and health look at discomfort lightly. That night Madge was wandering alone in the moonlit garden, while her elderly ad- mirer was unromantically sleeping in a squatter chair on the veranda, all Madge's stern refusals having failed to disabuse his mind of the idea that he would eventually win her. So after tea Mr Ellis had man- aged to leave them alone in the vine covered porch ; and Madge, complaining of the mosquitoes, had gone inside to the piano, and had sung softly to herself in the twilight. The songs had evidently had a soporific effect, for she had come out again to find her lover in the arms of Morpheus and not guiltless of middle-aged snores, while Mr Ellis had vanished she knew not whither. So alone in the moonlight Madge wan- dered, her hands clasped behind her head, noting how the waxen blossoms of the dark-green yuccas showed snowily, how the moonlight pierced the graceful branches of the pepperinas and made a lattice-work of light and shade on the ground below. It only, wanted a week to Christmas, the grape vines were in full leaf and covered with bunches of slowly ripening grapes. There were two clumps of slender bamboo reeds on either side of the garden gate, and Madge was suddenly startled by seeing a dark figure standing perfectly still, half hidden by one of them. She drew near a little nervously. Was it only some belated traveller coming to beg a night's lodging who had missed his way to the travellers hut ? Or was it the station ghost—the unearthly form of the man who was drowned in the bathing-pool some ten years previously ? She shivered a little, and glanced back at the house. The red light from the dining room lamp shone reassuringly out, and the portly slumbering form of Mr Smythe could be distinctly seen on the veranda. So she drew a step nearer and boldly opened the gate. Then her heart leapt into her eyes as Evan came hastily towards her. " It was wrong of me, love," he said ; " but I felt I must see you, and I did not want to get you into trouble with your stepfather. So I rode over, and left my horse on the other side of the creek —just on the chance of seeing you alone." " Why ! You are all wet!" she whispered, as her cheek brushed the lapel of his coat. " Rather, considering that I swam the creek in my clothes." And he laughed softly. "Oh ! you naughty boy ! You'll catch your death of cold," she said. But she forgave him all the same. Then there was much to be told—some new and some old as the hills, and older— while these two stood in the shadow by the bamboos, and the garden looked so fair in the white moonlight. Much to be said and much planned and plotted with the sweet conspiracy of love. Plans in which the names " 'Blackamore" and " the brown snare" frequently occurred. And once Evan swore softly when Smythe's name was mentioned, and Madge had added— " He is to stay a week or ten days, and all that time he is to be thrown with me as much as possible." Then Evan had to be scolded for swearing, and had to plead the intensity of his love and jealousy in ex- tenuation ; and then he said at last— "Good-bye—until Christmas Eve." " Christmas Day is my birthday," said Madge. " I shall be your wedding day, too, INI THE CITY. IN THE COUNTRY. sweetheart," he answered, and was gone ; and she heard only a rustling in the willows and the faint splash such as a water-rat might make disporting itself in the creek at night, and a little later the soft thud of a horse'a galloping hoofs on the silent night air. And Gordon Smythe, waking from his nap and finding her standing near him, thought her lovelier than ever in the moonlight. It was Christmas Eve, and a-week later. The moon would not rise till 12" o'clock, and the garden lay heavily in shadow. Madge had been restless all day, and her stepfather had been watching her anxiously. Was she going to give in to his wishes at last and wed with the catch of the district ? She had walked with Mr Smythe; gone in the boat with Mr Smythe, she sung to Mr Smythe and made him puddings and listened to his wearying descriptions of Moorlands and the 180,000 sheep. But all the time her eyes had had a preoccupied look, and she had shut herself a good deal in her room, and had been writing many letters to her mother's relations. This afternoon she had ridden out with Mr Smythe, and when she came home had brought Blackamore round to the little calf paddock at the back of the house to give him: a feed of the sweet clover that had sprung up-there since the late rains, and had left him there for the night, unsaddling him with her own hands, refusing Mr Smythe's clumsily offered as- sistance. Her stepfather noted that she had left her tea untested, that Jane's spicy teacakes had failed to tempt her youthful appetite, that the apricots he had himself gathered were put to one side. She had looked rather pale, too—he hoped no anxiety would impair her rosy com- plexion before she was enthroned as Mrs Gordon Smythe. Gordon had all a man's dread of a delicate wife, and had once suggested that he hoped Madge had in- herited nothing of her mother's weak con- stitution ; but Mr Ellis had affirmed that she in all points resembled her father, whose untimely death was due to a gun- shot wound received while serving in Afghanistan, and Gordon had expressed himself content. But it would never do for Madge to begin to fade before the knot was tied for better or worse. So he felt a little anxious as he saw her so silent and unanimated, and after tea proposed to give her a little rest from her admirer's as- siduous attentions by carrying Smythe over to his office with him, and holding a con- sultation over maps as to the line of a new road they were contemplating, which was to run through their several properties. When they returned they found Madge had retired for the night, and after a brief smoke in the mosquito-haunted porch they were fain to do likewise. At Mr Ellis's cheek pressed his pillow he congratulated himself on the way things we're going. Young Evan Duncan, he heard, was making arrangements to take a trip to Brisbane for the Christmas holidays, and had had an offer for his selection. Then let Gordon Smythe look to himself ! With a clear field before him, surely he must win the day, and he, John Ellis, be stepfather to the leading lady of the district, with the help which Gordon had promised him in various favourable little mining transactions. For mining speculations were the passion of his life, and thither most of his wife's fortune had gone. This made a double awkwardness in Madge's thought of marrying a man who was in no way a special friend of her stepfather's, and with whom no "arrangement" could be made. As Gordon Smythe wooed sleep he pon- dered Madge's personal charms in de- liberate valuation—finally decided that she was " worth the trouble," and composed himself to virtuous slumber. And Madge ? Seated by her window, which overlooked the small back paddock, she could see Blackamore comfortably cropping the clover, and could hear the short, crisp sound of his teeth closing on some delicate morsel and his feet swishing through the rank grass. The soft, warm air of the summer night came in at the open window, and the mosquitoes buzzed drowsily in the room. As half-past 10 was struck by the dining-room clock she rose quickly and changed her tea gown for a riding habit, and began carefully putting away some articles in a small leather saddle bag. One was a picture of her mother— a delicate, refined face with something of her own sweetness of expression. " Dear mother!" she whispered, " you were an heiress, and you married my father for love at least, whatever mistake you made in your second marriage. You will think I am doing right now." Then she took from the wall a portrait of her father, and her eyes laughed into his. " This is an escapade you would have loved to join in," she said, fondly looking at the face of the handsome soldier. Then she sighed and placed both pictures in the bag. A few articles of clothing and jewellery fol- lowed, and her purse with part of last quarter's allowance, and then she was ready. As 11 o'clock struck and rang in solemn strokes through the sleeping house she heard the latch of the gate on the far side of the paddock drop, and she let her self lightly down from the window and passed noiselessly through the garden and out into the paddock. An old greyhound dog started up, but dropped his head silently and resumed his slumbers as he saw her pass, little dreaming that he was looking the last on Madge Brown. The wet daisies brushed her shoes, and a thorn bush caught her habit as she passed, but she noted nothing as she lifted the saddle from the shelter of the cedar trees where she had that afternoon placed it, and softly called Blackamore to her. The beautiful horse lifted its head, and sniffed the night air doubtfully, then trotted towards her and dropped his nose against her shoulder. With trembling yet determined fingers she fastened the straps and buckles, and the next moment Evan was beside her. One grasp of her hand, and he swung her into the saddle, and without a word they passed out into the darkness ; while inside the house the two men dreamed of the success of their heartless plans, which were even now being baffled. For a time Madge and Evan walked their horses quietly down a bridle-path that led to the westward through a tangle of light wood trees and wild clematis. The sleep- ing station lay across the creek, and ones a dog barked sharply, and Madge trembled a little ; but all was silent again as they skirted the creek and saw the white roof of the shearers' hut gleam dimly in the starlight. "We must be on the main road when the moon risen," said Evan briefly. "A short cut through the scrub," Madge answered quietly, and the horses bounded forward. Straight through the sandal wood-scented darkness they went. Great trees loomed on either side. There were logs to be jumped and overhanging boughs to crouch under, but the good horses led them true. Shoulder to shoulder they kept on, and where the openings were too narrow the brown mare would take the lead and Blackamore would follow swiftly. Some times Evan would look back hurriedly, fearing lest the slender figure behind him should have vanished into the eerie dark- ness, and he should wake up in his own house to find he had been only dreaming. It was very dark now, so dark that they had to slacken rein and trust to their horses to lead them aright. Once Madge's habit was torn by an unseen stump, and Evan's bridle-hand, was scratched by a swaying briar ; but on they sped till suddenly the open road and all the glory of the rising moon burst on them. "We have forty miles to go before daybreak, sweetheart," Evan said as they put their horses to a gallop. What a ride it was! How the horses sprang forward along the hard, white road ! How the night breezes flew by them laden with a thousand subtle scents they had never noticed by day. Once Blackamore shied violently at a sleeping swagman rolled up in his blanket by the roadside, but he could not unseat Madge. The traveller only grunted and went to sleep again, never dreaming that he would be questioned on the matter on the morrow, and on they flew. Sometimes Madge felt as if she could scream with the pent-up excitement of the race ; every fibre of her being seemed strained to its utmost. And still the horses' hoofs hammered on the sandy road, and still the over-arching wild limes brushed her hair, and still Evan sat the brown mare like a rock, and kept pace with her. She could see how his eyes gleamed under his felt hat. What children they were out for a holiday ! But they had no thought of turning back. Once a black snake wriggled from beneath the brown mare's hoofs, and once a startled flock of sheep rushed across the road in the moonlight, and a great wool-laden waggon loomed suddenly out as they dashed round a corner ; but generally the way was clear and the road empty. Presently they slackened pace, for the horses were show- ing signs of distress. Blackamore was flecked with snowy foam, and the brown was shining with sweat. But the riders were as yet unwearied. They locked hands for an instant across the space that divided them, and Evan saw Madge's lip tremble, but they said nothing. At the most im- portant moment of our lives we are fre- quently at a loss for words. Oh, what a ride it was ! they were off again, skirting a swamp and startling the sleeping wild fowl. One white crane sailed majestically away, and Madge had time to think how lovely it all was in the moonlight—the glimmer of water among the reeds, and the reflex of stars and moonshine. And this was Christinas Eve ! Three years ago she had come home from school a finished young lady. Oh ! what would her school mates, and, above all, the prim school mistress, think could they see her now ? But there was an element of romance in it all, which is always delightful when we are young, and before daily drudgery in a hand-to-hand fight with the world has knocked it all out of us ; and Madge's faith in Evan was a beautiful thing to see. On they went till they had passed the racecourse near the township, with its cluster of ringbarked trees in the centre, and the show ground withiIts high paling fence, and just as morning broke they rode into the town and saw the slender steel line cutting in and out amongst the hills— the railway line which was to take them away to Brisbane and safety, where no Gordon Smythe dare follow. " For once my wife." Evan said, "let them interfere who dare. And you are 21 to-day !" And Madge knew that her stepfather would wisely make the best of a bad job. When they reached the hotel, Evan had to lift Madge from the saddle, and poor Blackamore's head dropped sadly over his morning feed. At 7.15 the morning ex- press passed for the city, and until then Madge was fain to lie still, feeling a little hurt at the curious looks which the sleepy hotel servants gave her. But there was no time to think. It was too late for turn- ing back now, and that evening, in a quiet little city church, Madge Browne and Evan Duncan were married by special license, the only witness being an old aunt of Madge's who had not lived so much in the world as to have lost all her romance. And to their credit be it said that neither ever regretted their midnight ride. When, in answer to a long admonishing letter Mr Ellis received a photograph of the happy couple standing hand in hand by their two horses, together with an en- closure to Mr Gordon Smythe, which was simply a slip of paper bearing the words. " I prefer the camp oven," the indignation of these worthies can be better imagined than described. 