A BARBER-CflAIR EPISODE His wife had told him that he needed it badly ; and,after thinking it over for a week he decided to have his hair cut. He had been sitting in the barber-chair for the last half-hour. All those little attentions for which barbers hare become noted had been lshowered uponshim with lavish hand and tire. .less tongue. The barber laid down his sci.sorr A deep drawn sigh of ineffable relief appeared to come up out of the innermost upholstering of the chair, for the little man fancied the ordeal we nearing its end. Then. throughbalf-closed lids. he sanw the barber arm himself with a long haired brush. Memories of the past were wafted back to him: and, shutting his eyes, he groaned aloud and shuddered. " Pomatum ,n your hair, sir ? inquired the, barber in his oilhest tones as he jabbed the long-haired implement of tourture down the little maun ,bh.:k, and wriggled it around in. a marnner particularly exasperating. ".".No, air: .I never use the stuff " " snapped the victim, with a look of digt!rst. " A share, sir P " suggested the barber in an .o-band way, as ie ilammed a greasy hand familiarly over.the litt'e man's mouth, and pro ceeded to pat Lis face,affectioniately with a sloppy towel. M" No. sir ; thank heavens, Ishave myself ! " :ame the reply'in a voce trembling with in dignation. . Shampoo ? " continued the barber, with dogged pers! verance. as he mouffled up the little, man's head in a hot towel. " No-no God forbid t " came the half smothered answer. "'" r sea-foah sir P.",.went on the rseristent barber, ýas h re;" foodled.- tbi :'thernhing : head between his clammy hands. " No, no ! Nothing ! " gurgled a faint voice in reply. " You'll want a bath, sir ? " exclaimed the barber, after a lapse of a few moments, in a brisk, business-like tone, as though he were commencing all over again. -' No, sir, won't. I've a bath in my own house," quickly rejoined the little man, shalking himself defiantly and puffing like a donkey. engine. , Shoe-shine ? " laconically suggested the barber. " No, no ! I shine my own shoes, always ! " fairly shrieked the little man testily, as he wriggled to get free. " Before you go, sir," softy whispered the barber in a confidential and persuasive tones as he combed the little man's hair in a manner that was almost ender. '" I would like to sell you a bottle of my patent hair restorative. Your hair, sir, incoming out by the handful. " I know it is i " shouted the little man glene fully,. " and I'm glad of it. I've been using Jink's Hair Remover torthe past five years. and I hope soon, air, to have no need of your services whatever.'' " 'es. sir," answered the barber in a dreamy. mechanical way, as he released the victim from his clutches. " N-a-e- x-t ! " AMERICAN ELOQUENCE. A man on his trial for murder, in New York, was successfully defended by his counsel in the following grandiloquent speech : G. nrtlemen of the jury, " Thou shalt not kill.' Now, if you hang my client, you trans gress tbe command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose's egg in a loafers face. Gentlemen, murder in murder, wetbher com mitted by twelve jurymen or an humble iudiv idual line my client. Gentlemen, I do not deny the fact of my client baring killed a man. No such thipg.. gentleoueu. You may bring the ,prisoner in guilty, the hangman may do his duty-but will that excuse you ? No : in that case you will he mururerrs. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped on his brow to-day ?-who, freemen P-who in this land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I .iale.luoau my w u ?s rl not ola or feu -.as: bowie knife: ?'N. dittlekn.' your oclrets are. odoriferus with the fames of cigars and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful convcieoce i but hang my un ,fortunate client ani the scaly alligators of re morse will gallop through the internal principles of our animal viscer until the spinal veroebmr? of your anatomical construction is turned into a gigantic railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing murder ! Beware, I say, of meddling with the Eternal Prerogative ! Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghost of temporary sanctity, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder, I adjure you by the American Eagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of crea tion, slid is now roosting in the magnetic tele graph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder ! And, lastly., if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you, if you ever ex pect. to wear boots made of the free hide of the :Rocky Ilountain buffalo, and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but sneaking .laI-flung, racally, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down into indistincibility, acquit my olient, and save your country. The prisoner was acquitted. 