2Cr. Lampier as "Hamlet."- A. ! ' Mr. Alfred Dampier, who will open for. a season of two nights . in the Temperance Hall this evening, opened his return season at the Theatre Royal, Cooisrardie. with " Hainlet," and the production, artistically and otherwise, was a great success. The building was filled in every part, amongst those present being a party arranged by the Mayor, including the Mayor and Mayoress, Rev. E. Gordon Saville, Mrs. Barton- Parkes Mrs. and Miss Fearby, Mr. J. J. Tucker, and Mrs., Miss! and Miss E. Tucker. Mr Dam pier as the Dane, gave a consistent, scholarly, and earnest representation of the character ; he made of Hamlet a gloomy, brooding pessimist-, not a madman — a liiah whose one desire' was for vengeance and who lived with eyes wide opened to the hypocrisy and deceit of his surroundings. His Satiri cal jibing lines were exceptionally Well spoken, the " player's speech " being splendidly delivered, likewise the apostrophe to Yorick's skull. In the big scene witli Ophelia, the actor also showed' the passion at his com mand. To many present Mr. Dampier's impersonation of the melancholy Dane was not new. He has taken the part of Ha iilet in England, and in most, if not all. the Australian colonies, and in riydney he played it for eight weeks in succession. His conception of the part is a good one. In several of the scenes he rosp to great power, notably in the players' scetie (Act 111., Scone II), and with the scene with the Queen in the same Act. Miss Katherine Russell's playing of the Queen was' distingished by a great deal of reserved power, and un- undoiibtedly her best scene was that already referred to at the close of the third act. " Miss Rose Dampier's Ophelia) lossessed considerable merit, her singing in the mad scene being a feature of her performance.1 Mr. D.uggan played the part of Pdlopius more than passing well ; his performance was finished. Mr. Appleton gave a fine rendering of the King, and Mr. Rolfe deserves much credit for his Laertes. The Ghost, Mr. K. H. Holloway played on Conventional lines, his deep resonant voice being pecu liarly adapted., to the -part. Mr. Howard Smith,.. Mr. Elvins, Mr. Esmelton, a.nd Miss dements were also in the cast, and assisted . in the tout ensemble. The tragedy was excellently staged and dressed, and it. will probably be many a day before Coolgardie will see another Sh&ke-; sperian play, interpreted- by such . an artist as Mr. ' A f red .B %Tnr>ier,-rt,G ild- C: " : . . 