Hm OF A HONMMOON. (By tht author of 44 The Temptation of Dulce Oarruthera " d-c., 4"c..J CHAPTER II. MILES of moor and rocky plateau around them, and on the slope of the hill on which they sat the tapping of innumerable chisels against the stone of the quarries. Below, like specks upon the hillside, the spouts of the tin mines lay blackly. It was growing strangely misty, the far horizon of sea and cliff having been long ago blotted out, and the fog cloud was slowly creeping up the rock boulders and obliterating path and track. Ivis a(Td Devereux were so engrossed in . their conversation that they never not'iced the oncoming of the mist, and when at last Danby lifted his head, he uttered an exclamation of dismay. 1 My darling, what have we been doing to sit here so long ?' he cried, springing to his feet. ' The haze we thought so lovely has developed into a thick fog, and now we shall have some difficulty in finding our way down again, for the (lillside is exceedingly dangerous and intersected with these wretched quarries. How careless, how criminally careless of me to endanger my darling in this way ! Why, you will catch cold in that thin gown, in this penetrating damp !' ' Nonsense, Devereux,' said Ivis lightly. 1 We shall be all right. Think of the London fogs I have been used to before now.' But Devereux was not so easily re assured. ' The path has vanished entirely,' he said, clasping bis hands in vexation. ' You sit here, Ivis, perfectly still, while I go off and reconnoitre. I shall not be gone long, and when I havp found the track again, I will come and fetch you.' She nodded in reply, and he started, feeling his way cautiously along the rock boulders. Ivis followed him, until the black figure had vanished, and then sat down to watch the gathering mist. . How lovely this new life of hers was, spent in this exquisite scenery, sur rounded by such love as never in her life had she experienced I Her mind. flew back to her youth, and her parents' death, and the rigid school at which she had been brought up to earn her own living as a governess. Ivis raised her head suddenly, for she heard, as she imagined, her husband's voice calling to her through the thick grey mist, and without a thought she started up, and began to grope her way down the hillside. She shivered as she felt the chill shadows closing round her, and already her clothes were dark and heavy with water. As she laid her hand upon the rock, her glove was wet with tbe dew, and she could feel her veil clinging lo her face like a wet rag. She stood still for an instant. Her husband's voice had ceased, and she had no sound of landmark to guide her over the apparently endless masses of boulders and bracken clumps that lined tfie hill. She was lost, without a doubt-lost in the fog-and she would have to stay here till morning. Into her foolish little miad darted all tbe strange ghost stories she bad heard since she came into Corn wall, and when her fingers touched' a wet tuft of grass she shrieked aloud for tear, and set off to run at the top of her speed, falling now and again, and bruis ing herself cruelly in her flight. It seemed an age to her, that rapid run through dim space. And then below her she caught the sound of the river, tearing along over its rocky bed. She slipped in her terror, and re covered herself by catching at a prickly stem of gorse. But in the shock of her fall ber hat had been caught and jerked from her head, and she heard the splash as it struck tbe water and was whirled away. She retraced her steps painfully up wards, and presently came out again apparently on the wide hill top. It was growing so dusk, and she was so tired and so hopeless of ever finding the right path again, that her sobs burst out convulsively. The rocks seemed to her to be grow ing rougher and more numerous. Then came a stumble, a cry, and a heavy fall, down, down into space, and afterwards, a merciful unconsciousness. For Ivis had fallen into a disused stone quarry, after having wandered two miles away from where her husband had left her. When Devereui carefully groped his way back* again to where he had last seen his wife, he was terrified to find that she had vanished. For realising as he did the dangers of the quarried hill, his imagination vividly depicted a series of probable tragedies. He called and shouted to her by name till the hillside rang, and then, after exploring the immediate neighbourhood of the rocks, he sat down impatiently to wait till the rising of the moon dispelled the fog, and he made his way down to the few quarrymen's houses that were within sight. The kindly Cornish folk roused them selves at once at the mere mention of the lost girl, and with lanterns and ropes organised a search party, with Devereux at their head. 1 Have ye looked in the river ?' hinted one grey-headed man, whose seamed and wrinkled face suggested a life of trouble and labour. Devereux started as if he had been shot. . Oh, God ! not the river!' he cried. And even hardened quarrymen turned aside at the sight of his anguish. Silently they went down the winding path and along the river bank, the full moon above them casting its silvery light on tree and rock, and the lanterns flash ing here and there upon hidden crevice and dark corner. ' Eh, mon, what's this ?' said Amos Garth, as he lifted a dark dripping object { from a clump of sedge where it had 1 stuck fast. Wilh a moan of agony, Devcreux caught it to his heart. It was his wife's hat beaten-and dashed out of shape by the turbulent water. But the very sight of it was enough for him. In the fog her foot must have slipped, and she had f^ten into the river from that awful height, and her body was even now being swept relentlessly down to the sea. A day and night of misery succeeded that terrible hour. Frantic with his grief, Devereux searched high and low, and had that part of the river dragged to discover, if it were possible, even her dead body. But all his efforts were useless, and on the following day he returned to Coal well, a broken-hearted man. Then, when he had told his sad story, he sold his little house and furniture, not being able to egdurs the thought of remaining within sight or sound of old associations, threw up his post in the Peninsular Bank, and accepted another with smaller pay, in London, in a mer chants office. He left no address wilh his old friends, and begged them to consider him for the present as one dead, promising, so soon as he had recovered from the shock of his wife's death, to communicate with them once again. All he longed for was solitude and silence. He could not be resigned tp his misery. He could only suffer in dumb sullenness, for the shock had wrecked his hopes, his life, nay, his very faith, (To be Contiuued.) 