Life in London and Thereabout. (from the herald.) Westminster, Feb. 19. To-day, as on Tuesday, there are fen out ward and visible signs about Westminster Sail of the historic- drama going on under its roof. It was a happy thought born to some member of the committee to refuse admission to the public throughout the Sooth African enquiry. It would be im possible to accede to the wishes of a thou sandth part of more or less influential peo ple who desire to be present, more es pecially during the examination of Mr, Cecil Rhodes. The admission of one would have been the despair of nine hun dred and ninety-nine. As none are ad mitted there cannot be any heartburning, and much worry is saved to members of the committee. Another happy result is the absolute quietude that rests over the proceedings. The only token of anything unusual going on is the unwonted sight of tables spree d in Westminster Hall, at which reporters sit writingout their notes, with a squadron of telegraph boys at tendant, ready to dash off with " copy" for the evening newspapers. Inside the committee-room is crowded, but not to an inconvenient degree. More ! than half the space behind the bench on which sit four counsel {costing somebody j something like a guinea a minute), is allotted to members of Parliament. These have the prescriptive right to be present at any sitting of tbe committee of their own House. But there is no order of pre cedence; first come, first served, and the consequence is a good deal of pressure at I the doors before they are opened. On > Tuesday, three or four ladies, regardless : of the prohibition of the public, managed j to get in. One is the daughter of the late ' Speaker, married to one of Mr. Rhodes's principal lieutenants. Another is sister in-law to Mr. Chamberlain. Before it was decided that the public should be excluded these ladies had obtained tickets authoris ing their admission. They stuck to them, and before the guardian police quite rea lised where they were they were comfort ably ensconced on a prominent bench. A member of the committee tells me that "when news came to them, seated in private consultation, that there were ladies in the room, there befell a state of consternation that conld hardly be exceeded had word flashed forth that Mr. Rhodes had taken ship for the Cape. The adventurous dames were dislodged by a ruse that must bring the blush to the cheek of man in either hemisphere of the Globe. The-Sergeant at-Arms was rent in to direct that every one not being a peer a pressman, or a mem ber of the House of Commons should with draw, arrangements being secretly made to readmit the men. It should be said, to the honour of the Sergeant-at- Arms, that in delivering this treacherous message his speech faltered and every trace of blood fled from his face. He managed in the end to play his part, and the ladies, once out side the door, found it inexorably closed upon them. The Prince of Wales, who was an early comer, had a perhaps unique experience. He was kept waiting three-quarters of an honr. He bore the ordeal with genial good-humour, resting his folded hands on j his walkingstick, and occasionally chatting : with his neighbours right and left. As he : remarked to one, the last time he had been in that part of the hall was in attendance at the Tichborne trial. The grand-com mittee-room, in which the South African Committee sit, was bnilt on the site of the old Court of Queen's Bench, in which, 24 years ago next April, opened the trial at bar of the Claimant. There are some patent points of resemblance between the story of Warren Hastings and the career of Cecil Rhodes. It is not lacking even in the detail that both were tried in West minster Hall. But as far as the scene is concerned similitude fails. It was in the great hall of William Rnfns that Hastings was arraigned, " the grey old walls hung with scarlet, the long galleries crowded by an audience such as rarely excited the fears of the emulation of an orator." The grand committee room is built outside Westminster Hall and ap proached by a mean staircase. The only decoration of its walls is a colossal map of Africa—the map which, spread out before him on a smaller scale in his room at Groote Sehnur, Cecil Rhodes -with a rapid sweep of his hand from the Cape to Cairo said to me little more than two years ago, " I mean to paint it red from here to here." The essay in art was peremptorily stopped by the Boers lying in wait for Jameson on his way to Johannesburg. But Rhodesia stands out boldly, and Mr. Rhodes sitting awaiting the coming of his judges might well glance proudly at the map on the wall at the base of which sat the Prince of Wales. Here at least was a striking coincidence in the two great State trials. " Last of all," writes Macauley, describing the scene which 109 years ago almost to a day at tended the opening of the trial of Warren Hastings, " came the Prince of Wales, conspicuous by his fine person and noble bearing." A century later the Prince of Wales, attired in ordinary morning suit, arrived unattended, walked quietly to his place, and sat waiting with the rest till the perturbed committee had laid the ghost of the question of women's rights unex pectedly protruding itself on their solemn deliberation. It was noteworthy that Sir William Harconrt, leading the procession of the committee when at length they en tered the room, brushed past the Prince of Wales without acknowledgment of his pre sence, an example followed by all the rest —another quite new experience for his Royal Highness. Throughout the bad three-quarters of an hour's waiting Mr. Cecil Rhodes sat bolt upright at the end of a bench immediately behind counsel. Never at the height of his prosperity have I seen him looking so well. He is umch slighter both in figure and face, the latter change having the ef fect of bringing into greater prominence his massive head and lofty brow. He did not speak to anyone, and for the most part looked straight ahead of him. Occasion ally his eyes glanced ronnd the crowd to his right, and sometimes, as mentioned, rested on the big map on the wall to his left. When called to the chair he found himself in a curiously awkward position. He was seated at a small table, facing not not his interrogator but tbe shorthand clerk. After a -while he, in accordance -with his habit, took the direction of affairs in. his own hand, turned his chair round, and so fronted the Benevolent visage of Sir William Harcourt. He was at the out set undoubtedly nervous, reading bis state ment at a pace that made it unintelligible. Fortunately it was printed, and copies were in the bands of the committee, who closely followed the reading. When it came to the examination "Mr. Rhodes went to the other extreme, his answers being so long in coming that Sir Wm. Harconrt oc casionally passed on to another without receiving reply. It speedily became clear that tbe wit ness was proceeding upon a definite line, and that his nervousness arose from anxiety lest he should casually overstep it. As far as he is personally concerned he is resolved to hide nothing of his deliberate design to overthrow the Boer Government. On the contrary, his opening statement carries the war into the enemy's country, being not an excuse for himself or tbe raiders, but an indictment of the Boers for their insufferable domineering at Johannes burg. What Mr. Rhodes is chiefly anxious about is that be shall not by anything be may do prejudice the case of Dr. Jameson others implicated in the raid. Proceedings in the South African com mittee-room have through the week ab sorbed public interest to tbe obscuration of Parliamentary proceedings and the be littling of the crisis in Crete. This last is on the face of it the most difficult of the succession of troubles that have beset Lord Salisbury since he returned to tbe Foreign Office. It is evident that even so powerful a Ministry as be leads would shrivel up be fore tbe burst of popular execration that would follow any overt act of coercing Greece andbandingback Crete to tbe tender mercies of the Turk. Yet bound as he ad mittedly is to the chariot of tbe concert of the Powers, Lord Salisbury has hitherto, at least apparently, pledged the name and the power of England to that policy. Ab Mr. Balfour, with unusual solemnity, told the House of Commons on Tuesday night, any breaking up of the concert of Europe through the action of this country would lead directly to war. Thus to all outward appearances is the Government between the deep sea and an alliterative alterna tive. After all, as some authorities believe, tbe difficulty may only be in form. Tbe Great Powers cannot wink at the youthful indis cretion of Greece, who goes forward in the simplest and most straightforward manner to relieve her kinsmen from the grip of the Sultan. They must gravely shake the head, and even threaten coercion. But in the end the thing will work itself out in accordance with justice and the popular demand. The Powers have occupied Crete, but with the intention, privily made known to the King of Greece, presently under cer tain conditions to add the jewel to the Greek Crown. Thus the end will justify the means. The friends of the Ministry dare to hope that this may prove a true in terpretation. Otherwise it will go hard even with a Government who can, as was shown this week, command in the House of Commons a majority of over 200. The personal influence of Royalty even in these democratic days isl happily illus trated by the success of what has come to be known as the Prince of Wales's Hospital Fund. Money is flowing in through so many courses that no attempt has yet been made to count np the total. But it has al ready reached a large amount. This is tbe more gratifying since the subscription is feeing run alongside that on account of the Indian famine, which now considerably exceeds .£300,000. The Prince has thrown himself into the movement with all the energy and born business aptitude that made possible the much less desirable me morial of tbe Queen's reign, the Imperial Institute. He misses no opportunity of pushing round the plate. His latest adroit move was to send to the masters of the city companies dining on Wednesday night at the - Mansion House a personal message saying how gratified he will be for tbe sup port which tbe beads of these ancient cor porations might lend to the Hospital Fund. 