THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW, Oi'liious stories arc told about tho power possessed by certain natives of India, who livo up among the Himalaya moiuitaius These old men, it is sniil, liavo devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which tlio rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a Gnrmnu professor visited tlio "adopt," as these queer Hindus are called, for til purpose of finding out the anrroL ofthoir- remnrkiihlc performances. Thoy treated him rnllier nrurvlly, lint inlui-aatcil him all tlio same. One day thn professor wanted to examine snmu ancient , Sanskrit -niniiiiiioriptn. An adept wont with liim In the rave wherein the hooks woro kopt. Tim place was dark ns I lie bottom of a well. " f can't sec to lead bore," said tlio visitor. " 'Thon ivo will have nome light," wna the reply, anil immediately (tho profonsor says) a soft, |H>ai>ly light brightened tlio cave, lie could not toll whence it cnuie, hut, lie noticed that it had one strange quality— it m tsl 1111 1 the sliijhtest shadow. This 11 story linrd to believe, yot it truth is nfiirmcd by 11 mini of vast learn ing and high character,, and yon who now read it liavo no reason for doubt ox- ecpl. Hint, nil llm lights you linvo soon liavo cast shadows. Iioliof or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own cxpcneiico. Dr. Johnson sniffed at tlio iiccnunt. of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited tlio (nlo of the Cock Lano ghost. A mail who has been ill for years, nnd failed to find 11 cure, in sceptical when friends tall him liim of a medicino which I hey bclievo will make liiin well. AA'hat else hut doubt could result from Ilia ex perience I Take nil example : — " In tho spring nT 1888," write our enrrespoiideul, " J felt in 11 low, weak, anil languid sink'. 1 felt low epiritcil and 011L of sorts. At first my stomach was dunmgod' my appetite i>onr, aud aftur eating 1 had pain uud weight at Hie chest. I wart much troubled with wind, ami frequently spnt up a sour fluid, and hitter bile. Enter on 1 suffered from norveuaiicHs and groat depression of spiritH. I kept, up with my work, but always Imd a sense of discomfort. Off mid 011 T emiliimcd in this way for two years, nothing Hint I took relieving ino. At last f heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, mid procured a supply, Aftor I bad only taken u few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all norvousucHS left me. Although I had no roasou to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used . it or soon it used, I now glnilfy admit',; its value, und it power ovor disease.' "Sinco my recovory, for which I thnnlc Jlotiior Soigcl'a Oura- ativo Syrup, I liavo boon in tho best of health ami spirits. In the interests of suffering Immunity I doom it a duty to semi you tliis testimony. (Signoil) D. Griffiths, tailor, ami outfitter, 161 Hockley Mill, Birmingham, dime 8th, 1893." There is a deal of iliffcronco between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and tho story about Hie light Hint, east no nil allow. The latter may he true onough, but it ouiinot by verified without more trouble Hum it is worth. On tho other hand w have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can lie fouud at Iiis address. Filially, there is nothing mystic or magical in Mot hcrSrigol's Ourativo Syrup. It uels 011 I ho theory Hint most ailmCDt urn but symptoms, forms, or phases of Hint, universal disease— indigestion . and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws tho light of lienltli noil happiness over hearts nnd homes where illnass aud pain hod cast such dark and terrifying shadows. Ami this is why people bclievo all that is told of its success by ongor witnesses. 