UNNECESSARY NOISE. ft? our City Corporation have a genuiue desire to ameliorate the conditions of existence in, Syduey, and facilitate the transaction of business, they have an ample field of operation in the direction of lessening the noise which is so allpervad ing and distracting during the busy hours of the day. It is now an old complaint that at certain times the telephone service is almost rendered useless by the din which proceeds from the streets, and everyone is familiar with the difficulty experienced in carrying on au ordinary conversation in premises fronting some of the leading thoroughfares. It may be re plied that this is a necessary concomitant of all large cities, but the statements of travellers pretty well agree that in Sydney tho nuisance has reached a pitch which far transcends the limits of other places of equal or greater population, and having a large amount of traffio, and there seems very good reason for believing that if it cannot be abated altogether it might be very considerably mitigated. The construction of the streets is doubt less responsible for much unnecessary noise, as shown by the notorious fact that it is far worse in some localities than others, and there seems no reason why all the prin cipal streets should not be brought into the same condition, at all events, as those from which the least amount of noise pro ceeds. Then a good deal might be done by regulating the construction of vehicles, and in the case of heavy conveyances, such as omnibuses, the pro priety of compelling them to use the newest kind of axle appliances, springs, and even pneumatic tyres, is worth consideration. But there are othor sources of noise besides those caused by the traffic which help to aggravate the nuisance, and which might easily bo suppressed without detriment to anyone, aud with great advantage to citizens and sojourners, as is done in other great cities. By a recent report we observe, for instance, that the chief of the New York police lias issued an order calling the attention of his captains in the various precincts to tho fact that there are laws in force relative to theories and noisy sale of wares by pedlars, vendors, hawkers, and hucksters, the blowing upon horns or other instruments, tho beating of drums and playing of hand-organs, the nuisance of dogs barking and cocks crowing, and the keepiug of parrots and cats that screech or howl, as well as health regulations against the tolling of Large church bells without a special permit. The burden of complaint does not lie with the sufferers from the noises emanating from the sources men tioned; it is obligatory on the part of the police to see that they are stopped. There can be little doubt that were similar regulations in force in Sydney business would be greatly facilitated, and life in the city rendered much more toler able than at preseut. , It is cabled that the German Emperor will shortly go to Jerusalem. Why not to Jericho? According to an Evening Nsws message a terrible accident oocurred in Auckland, N.Z., late on Friday night. A 'bus came into collision with a train, and three pas sengers of the former were killed. One was a son of Mr. T. W. Leys, editor of the Auckland Stae. Mr. Leys is one of tho best known of New Zealand journalists. The 'bus had just left the Flying Jordans' entertainment. The passengers in the back portion of the vehicle were uninjured. In the London Morning Post a correspon dent tells a story of fihostly fortune-telling. The ghost was a lady in a picturo at — — — in Shropshire, who appeared to a girl, told her that sho would be an heiress, would be married for her money, and die in the worlt honse. It nil earns true. The girl ' married ? the son of Lord B.. who proved a bad husband,' and subsequently died penniless iu an Iriuh workhouse. 