A CURIOUS CALL.- CA'-Binnll well-fnrnlnhed drawing-room in.Muyfuir. ICatherJno Rociiester, ci- ilevant wife of George Rochester, is seated, alone, before the tiro on a win ter's afternoon. Katlierine R. (musing): So it's just a year since I severed my matrimonial bonds, nnd got rid of my husband for ever! How Ume files! It doesn't seom a year sinco I became a widow. Nay, I'm not that: what nm I then? Surolv neither fish, flesh, nor fowl; an ambig uous position Indeed! Terhaps I was foolish to appeal to the law for my re lease, but I did it in a fit of temper, and must abide by tbo decision. Ob, I bad great provocation! It wasn't so much his little jjeccadJUocs— I could have con doned them In Ume, perhaps; wise wives sometimes must, nnd I was so much older tlian he wus. No, it was tlie abouilnablc way In which he deserted ine— us goes the phrase— that really brought matters to a crisis. Leaving )ne alone, week after week, month after month, to do what I liked, spend what money I pleased— though, to be sure, it was all ruy own-without oven writing a Hue to ask If I were dead or alive. Stay, I'm wrong; he did telegraph once from Norway to me: "Please send photo; almost forgotten what you're like." Monstrous! and so ungrateful, too, when all tho time I was making him such a liberal allowance. I ought to have stopped It, but I hoped mv pal try generosity might bring him to his senses— soften lilm, perhaps— but it didn't; und I never saw liiin for two whole years until tluit morning iu court —and then I wished I hndn't done it, but it was too late. Some of my mar ried friends used to envy me rather- told me I was a lucky woman, ntul a fool to make a fuss. But I married for companionship. I wanted someone to talk at— I mean to talk to; someone to fuss when I didn't fee! well. Nerves? Of course I've got nerves, aud then he said I made scenes, and drove him from his home. If f have n sensitive nature, he should have soothed, not JrrltntiHl me; sat with my hand In his, stroked my hair, listened to nil I iuul to say without answering; humored me; coax ed me, instead of rushing out of the house nnd slamming tlie linil door after hlin. That wasn't the way to treat nie! let not siicfi a laid fellow, after all. GornMooking, young, cheery, easy going— limit was It— too easy, going everywhere without me. But I've punished him—at least, 1 hope I have. His pocket must feel tlie difference, If his heart doesn't. I wonder what lias become of him? Always abroad, I sup- IKjse. I'm not likely to hear much tuore about him. 1 never see any of his friends— they don't seem to cull — no body seems to call much— now. (Yawn ing.) Jit's dull work liuvlug ouly the sen-unts to scold. (A servant appears carrying a small salver on which lies a vlnitlug card). Servnut: A huly wishes to see you, nia'utu. Katheriue It (brightening up); Thnuk goodliest for some one! (Sharply.) Well, where is she? What have you done with her? Servant: Hero Is tlie lady's cord, ma'am. She wouldn't come up until she knew If you would see her. Katheriue IL; Dear rac, wluit a mystery! (Reads tlio card.) "Mrs George Rochester." What's this? A joke, or my ghost? (Suddenly Illumi nated.) The wretch has married ugalo — tills Is his new wife ! Servant (Impassively); Shall I show ilio lady up, ma'nin? Katlierine It.: Certainly not — stay— yes, I will see her. (Servant, disap pears.) I must see what she's like. How do I look? I'm sure my nose is red. (Takes up a Imnd- inlrror, extracts a powder-puff frtun her pocket, nnd tones ilowu the acerbities of her nose). But to conic hero — l declare !l\s hnrdly decent; what can she want? I only Itope I shall be able to keep my tongue under control. (Servant reappears, and announces "Mrs Rochester." Tho regnant Mrs Rochester— Mabel by name — advances shyly.) Maliel 11. (timidly): Sirs Rochester, I believe? Katharine It.; That is— that wis (de fiantly). Of course, that Is my mime. (To herself): Why, she's a mere girl, nnd how lovely! Mabel It. (nervously): You know who I umV (Katheriue R. filcks the card nlllrmntlvcly.) I trust—! am sure— I hope you will pardon the liberty I have token in calling tij>oi| you so unceremoniously; but the fact Is-I wanted to consult you —if you will . kindly allow. ine to do Katlierine R. (to herself): He's boon at his old tricks; pooy little soul! (Aloud.) Won't you sit down? (They sit.) ' Mabel IL: The object of my visit Is about— concerns— your— no my (Ful lers and blushes.) Katlierine It. (aggressively : Wliy not say "our" husband at once? By the way, how long have you been married? Mabel It.: Two months. We have just come back from (blushing again) our honeymoon. Katlierhui It. (Ironically) : Together. Mabel It. (surprised) ; Why, yes. We are always together, Katlierine it. ; lie never leaves you alone— for hours ? MiiIkjML ; Oil, uo. He wouldn't dream of such n thing, v ' v , ( ; Kaiherlne It. (between her teeth) : Walt ! (Aloud) But, really, I fail to see how these accounts of bridal bliss can possibly interest me? "r », x r. Maliel It. (vmeomforUtldy- roiiieiiibcr- lug i-ertain of George's' confidences con-' corning a former liohoyiiioon)' No, of courae.nuL It wusu't to talk of that I Katheriue IL (cuttingly) : Thank you! Mulwl IL : But I wanted to know lie- fora setlllng downwe liavo just taken a tiny liouuu lu Keiislngton— to leiim something about dear George's tastes. Katheriue It. (to herself); Is she a fool, or Is she trying to bl insolent V (Aloud) I fear I am liurdly tlie right is»r- son to give you the Information you de sire, MiiIkjI It. : Oil! but I am sure you are —for (naively) lie tells me you wero with him for over three years. Katheriue It. (fiercely) : Tie discusses me in the same way us he docs Ids cook! Mabol It. (precipitately) oh, no! l'loiise don't think (hat for u inomeuL You're not Urn least bit nllke-qnlte, quite dlffermit. Cook Is young, nice- looking, and so good-tempered. Oh, dwir, wbn t have I wild? I didn't mean lo be rude, but you look at ine so strangely ; 1 wish I hadn't come; It was only for Ills sake (floundering on), hut 1 funded tluit during a three years'— visit Katlierine It. (laughing sardonically): "Visit" is good. Maliel IL : I should have said resi dence with a person, you do get to know someUilug utiout them, don' I you 7 Kaiherlne It. (grimly) : You Uo, In deed I Mabel R, ; Tliat's just it,'uud so — . (hesitates), Katheriue It. : And so you have called upon mu to ask for the character of George Rochester (deprecating move- ineut of Mabel). Oh, pray don't afioto- kIho!— It was very prudent of yon to do so. Forewarned is forearmed. Well, as ho canvasses mo as lio would a son-ant, 1 will do tho same by him. I believe him to ho iHirfoctly honest, clean, .und genemily ruImu. Those are the ques tions I nm Imund to answer, are they not? I'nsso encore (rising us she conti nues) : Aud now, supposing iu addition I told you that your husband prefers the society of other women to tluit <if ids own wife; that lie is indifferent, to her welfare, careless of her happiness ; tluit when site is 111 and depressed he Is Inconsiderately cheerful ; wheu she Is nervous, lie Is noisy; when she lectures, he laughs; wheu she weeps, lie whistles —(warming to her topic)— that wheu she wants one thing, he wonts another; when she says "don't," he says "shall;" when ahe says 'won't," he says "will" —that he cannot bear the slightest con tradiction-— that he absolutely Insists upon being master la his own house, upon giving his orders, having his way, and If bis wife attempts to argue with him— to thwart hira-Ao assert her inde pendency of thought and action, that be goes off, and leaves her to herself for two whole years. What would you say if I told you that? (Fulls up breath less.) Mabel R. (somewhat overwhelmed by this avalanche of verbiage) : Why— really I think— I should say it was the fault of his wife. Katlierine IL (taken aback): Wltat? (To herself): She means to insult me ; but. I will hear her out. (Aloud, reseat ing liorscf): Now, I am ready to listen to you. Mabel U.: I won't detain you very long. I have made a list of tlio ques tions I should like to ask; you will be quite candid with me, won't yon? (Pro duces a dainty little carnet from her muff.) Katheriue IL: Oil, quite I (To her self): Hasn't she heard enough? What more mu she want? Miilxd IL (consulting tier note-lxwk): Lot me see— oli, yen— this is rather in- portant— has he got Katlierine Jt. (quickly): More than likely Mabel !L (to herself rather): Appetite in tlie morning? What litis become of my breakfast menu? All, bere it is. Does he like Katlierine IL (cutting in): Everything he ought not to Muhel IL; Kidneys? Katheriue It. (gasping): Kidneys! Mulxd It. (prattling on): For break fast, I mean. They are such a help, aiul quit© digestible if they're well done. Grandmamma always used to any that tlie way to a mnn's'lichrt Is through his mouth, and I've copied into a book such a quantity of nice receipts, if lie only likes them— but that's what I wanted to find out, for it's no good giving liim things he won't eat, is il? Katlierine IL (not knowing quite where she is): No, I suppose noL Mabel It. (making notes): Yes, kid neys, you said I think. I'll put tliem down. Now, eggs. Ilow does lie like eggs? Poached or plain boiled? Katlierine It. (losing her head): Oh, pouched— boiled— plain-colored. Mabel It. (scribbling) : Thank you so inueli. Now for lunch. I lmve u wonder ful receipt for basiling cold mutton to make it taste like venison. 1 sluill give him tlint sometimes, shall I? Oh, pud- dings— does lie like puddings? Katlierine IL (wildly): Yes. Puddlugs, pies, tarts — — (Stops abruptly). Maliel It.: Can he eat shcli-fish? Crabs? Now, iiow does he like them dressed? Katlierine R. (distractedly): Oil, over dressed, full-dressed; anyhow. (To her self): I Khali scream directly. Mabel It. (continuing calmly): Now, din ner Is tlio moHt serious meal lu a man's day. Entrees will lie my chief dllllculty, for wc shall lie quite poor. But I think 'that sweet breudH, sometimes with n white sauce,, sometimes with ft brown gravy, will be quite safe to onler, don't yon?— (Katlierine It. nods helplessly)— and a vol-au-vent now and then. If he eats pastry. I think you said he eats pastry. ((Katharine IL nodding): Thank you! I think I'm all right about .the joints, for all men eat Joints, don't they? And, nf- 'ter all. tiicy are something solid lo fall back upon. . All! nlxiut sweets. What sweets did you give lilmY Katheriue It.: None. Sweets wore not In my line, he said. Mnbel It. (recognising a danger signal): jOli, yes, of course; men never eat sweois, do they? they prefer savories. Perimps you could give mo some hints about sa vories? Katlierine R. (rallying her scattered senses): Mrs Rochester, my husband and (I seldom dined tnirctlicr. T know little or nothing of his likes nnd dislikes. Per- /haps (bitterly) ir I liad studied Uiom. ns you are doing, my meals might have been less lonely. Mabel IL (hurrying on nervously): Ah. now! There Is just one more thlnc I want to ask yon, if I may. Does he suf fer from cold feet at night? For I spend |a great deal of my time in knitting, and could make lilm such warm, comfort- alilo. rosy socks if he would wear tliem. Kafiierlne IL (unnerved for tlio mo- pient): I told you tlint ray husband and 1 seldom — Mnbel R. (naively): Yes, dined together. Katherine It.: But it was tlie wtmo thing nil day long. Can't you under stand? (Breaking down). Oh, child, 'child, why wasn't I like you? (Painful pause. Mabel R. goes softly up to the sofa where Katlierine It. Is 'reeking herself, nnd takes her hand). Maliel R. : Dou't cry, don't cry! It's done now. Katlierine R. (hysterically): Bnt. I did .IL I was obliged to do It. That seeuis the cruel part. Mnbel R; (gently): Our lives nro in our own hntuls, to make or to mar. Forget tlio past'; try to look forward to the future. \ p ' Katlierine R.: (pulling herself to gether).: You- deserve -a" hotter fate. : Mnbol R.: Hush! you mustn't say tlint. I' have chosen, nnd T think— well. : :Kntburlne IL: You're a goal woman. Maliel IL: So aro you— or I should .not have come to see you. , ; vKntberlne R.: Good! Yes, what Hie world from its platform of respectability calls "good" Oil. yes. good enough in ono sense. If I hud been as some of liny friends are— T might not have done It —I might have left liim io do it. But, you seo, T never wiis attractive. George married liie for my money, that iwran the mischief; and then— then— I have u jerrlhlc. temper. I can't conquer It. l.'vc trial, but T can't. Mubol R. (most pitifully): Poor, un happy woman! Knthcrlnc R.'f Yes. that's what T am. (Passionately.) But he hud no right to treat mo as he did.. Sny It— tell me— you do pity me? Maliel IL: (looking into her hard, thin face): Yes, I do pity you. (Movement of Katlierine R). But on your uccount, not ills. ' Katheriue R.: But still you must ad mit-—— Maliel U. t I admit uotliiug ugu'nsf lilm— I love lilni. Kaiherlne IL: So do I. Maliel It.: Not as I do. Katheriue R. (after u straggle): Will you kiss tne? Maliel IL: Why not? There (cheer- (fully), do you feel better now? See, it's five o'clock, and quite dark! I must go. George will lie expecting inc. Katlicrlno It,: As I used to expect him— but ho never came. Maliel IL (Impulsively): Ah! If yon had bcliavcd differently! But you tundc Ids Hf© w>— 1 KatJiorlni! R.; Miserable? Out wllh it! Well, I suppose I did. Now rim away. What is your nuuie. Mabel IL: Maliel. Kntherlni! IL: Run away, Mabel, and make his life happy. Maliel IL: I mean to try. Good-bye! Katlierine IL: Good-bye! She rings Iho hell,' goes with her visitor to tlie door, and looks after, her retreating figure): Poor, simple little thing! Per haps those sort of women ihako the best wives, after all. (Shuts tho door ; shivers slightly; stirs the fire; ntul, with (her feet on the fender, looks dowu into Uio blaze). I wonder. If I had to go through it nil again, whether I should Jiave "behaved differently," I wonder ! -r'.'World." 