Jim Bludso (Of the Prairie Belle). Wall, no ; I can't tell you whar he lives, Becase he don't live, you see; Leastways, he's got out of the habii Of livin' like yo:i and me. Whar have you been for the last three year That you haven't heard folks tell How Jimmy Bludso passed in his checks The night of the Prairie Bell ? He weren't no saint—them engineers Is all pretty much alike- One wife in Nj,tchez-under-the- Hill, And another one here, in Pike ; A keerless man in h s talk was Jim, And an awkward hand in a row, But he never flunked, and he never lied — I reckon he never knowed how. And this was all the religion he had— To treat his engine well; Never be passed on the river ; To mind the pilot's bell; And if ever the Prairie Belle took fire— A thousand times he swore, He'd hold her nozzle agin the bank Till the last soul got ashore. All boats has their day on the Mississip, And her day come at last— The Movastar was a better boat, But the Belle she wouldn't be passed. And so she came tearin' along that night— The oldest craft on the line— With a nigger squat on her safety-valve, And her furnace crammed, rosin and pine. The fire burst out as she clared the bar, And burnt a hole in the night, And quick as a flash she turned and made For that wilier-bank on the right. There was runnin', and cursin', but Jim yelled out, Over all the infernal roar, " I'll hold her nozzle agin the bank Till the last galoot's ashore." Through the hot black breath of the burning boat Jim Bludso's voice was heard, And they all had trust in his cussedness, And knowed he would keep his word. And, sure's you're born, they all got off Afore the smokestacks fell— And Bludso's ghost went up alone In the smoke of the Prairie Belle. He weren't no saint; but at jedgment I'd run my chance with Jim, 'Longside some pious gentlemen That wouldn't shook hands with him. He seen his duty—a dead-sure thing— And went for it thar and then ; And Christ ain't a-going to be too hard On a man that died for men. —Colonel Hay. The licensee of the Royal Hotel was on Wednesday fined for having permitted a portion of his licensed premises to be used as a place of common resort, persons having been admitten to a billiard match by special payment without permission from the licensing justices. A meeting of the congregation of the Wickham-terrace Presbyterian Church, held on Wednesday evening, affirmed that the mind of the congregation with regard to the retention of their pastor having so recently been obtained, and declared to the Presbytery by their commissioners, it was unnecessary to again appoint commissioners with reference to the call to Mi. Buchanan from the Chalmers Church, Sydney. It was also agreed that if Mr. Buchanan desired to acoept the call, the congregation, whilst regretting his decision, would feel bound to acquiesce in it. In the Police Court on Wednesday, it was decided that the police ha l no authority to prosecute under the by-laws of the Metropolitan Transit Commission: Thomason Bros. & Co. have the largest stock in Queensland of Perfumery, Toilet requisites, Sponges, Enemas, <fec. Postal orders receive prompt attention. Thomason Bros., Chemists, Brisbane. 