THE LIGHT! HAT CAST NO SHADOW. Culions stories are told about tbe ?owers possessed by certain natives .of ndia, who live up amonng tbe Himalaya Mountains, Tbese old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural la-.vs and forces, which tbe .rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the " adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out "the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manu scripts. An adept went with him to a care wherein the books were kept. The place was as dark as the bottom of a welL " I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. " Then wa will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the pro fessor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality—it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it hare no reason for doubt except that all tbe lights you. have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the liisbon earth quake, yet credited the tale of the Cook Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? i Take an example "In the spring of 1888," writes our I correspondent, " I fell into a low, weak, [ and languid state. I felt low-spirited and ollt of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with the wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervous ness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I con tinued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieved me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I fouud relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence iu this medicine, never baying used it or seen it used, I no# gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrop. £ have been in the best of health and spirits. In tbe interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send yon this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths/ tailor- and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Bermingham,Jmra 8th, 1893." There is a deal'of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story abont the light that cast bo-shadow." The . latter may be trne enough, but it cannot bo veri fied without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trusty witness, " wUo will answer letters -of enquiry, and can, ' be found at his address. Finally, there- is nothing- mystic or < magical abont Mother Seigel's Curative: , ' Syrtfp. It acts on the theory that nbst ailments are but symptoms, forms^ or ' i phases of that universal disease—indiges tion and dyspepsia; it cures that and throws the light of health, and happiness over hearths and homes where illness land pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And thai is why people believa all that is told of its success by eager wit-, nessea. 