NOTES AMD ANTICIPATIONS " I The Victoria lacing Club w.H nom *» MillerV most dangerous opponent- maj be v,,)?»». The Hero, ami Kangaroo U. Al «M *7lV in tlie Hill Handicap is not badlv used, and he ought to ,,eat ^' and Orient. Lilith may 1« r«ned Adelaide, but Key » smart, and H.u'i'hns. if preferred to his utable com panion. Yeloee, will take a lot of beating. Sunburv, Moonlyong. and ( ampaign n,BO "on, to have chance,. but it .* an open raiv. There will be a small field for the Steeplechase. which may fall to r.e.nnlo or Me,run-, and Kscel. Clive, and Hinl joek appear to have the best prospects in the April Handicap. Norseman may win the Two-vcar-old Handicap if he can beat the better of Mr. S. Miller's pair-Forest and Lustre; and Deposit or Hrighton may appropriate the Welter Handicap. My selections are as follow. m itni-i: HACK. Two niilef. Mr. S. MI LUCK'S HKST 1 Kl'LAH I K AN C. A HOOII J 111I.I. HANDICAP. Six furlongs. HACCllt'S 1 SINIU'KY 2 MAINSTAY .. » 3 STK!TI-W Ii AST Abo Ut t«o miles. 1 MKKCl'KY - TK1ANCLK 3 APIlll. HANDICAP. Five furlongs. One mile and a quarter. KXCKL 1 ( 2 FLIXTLOClv 3 TW'O-V I.Alt OLD If A N PICA P. XOllSKMAX 1 Ll'STHK 2 j NUDITY 3 ; WKl.TKH HANDICAP. j One mile. HKrosiT 1 1 HH1CHTOX 2 ('LIYK 3 The neeeptanccR for the two principal events of the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting arc very satisfactory. Forty-lour have cricd content for the Doncaster Handicap, and SI for the Sydney Ou|>. The most notice able absentees fn.m the Doncaster Handi cap are \"ivian, Yaliant, The Oilicer, nnd Aurum. Valiant has evidently not re covered from the sprain he reecivcd in the Champion Stakes, and "J'lic Officer, it is plain, will have another lilt al Xtwhavcn in the St. lA'ger. Aunim's dit«apcarancc from the 1m was not unexpected. It would have been unwise to have run him in a big handicap li; Id. w ith the Champagne Stakes and other valuable prizes in prospectu. Since the uYighis wire published Keka Jjas won the Muordk-ld Handicap, beating his stable companions, Survivor, Tom, and Akarini. ;.s well as \'nnitKallatinn, Lo.h LcikIi, 4C. Of Kclsu'» lot Waihine, loin, and Akarini have drepped out, but he h;i< i-till Creme d'Or, Survivor, and llcka to i.ili 1J;h k upon, and it require* no ghost to cane fiviji the grave to tell us that the (lilt of the Stable will bo hard to beat. Lieutenant stand* his ground, and if he can stay a strong mile he may bring the prixe lo \ ietoria. \\\ ullomuinhi willnawrepresent Monaphan. vice Valiant. and Mr. \V. H. \\\ ilson may run both Pilatus and Manfred, but I have no i^ti-ouk fancy for either candi date. As n two-year-old Fucile promised well, end a.s he has recently shown winning foim, he may have to be reckoned with. "SL vi n-fuur" is not a big weight for a threc year-oUJ. Telegraph won a race at Can terbury-pnrk l.st Saturday, but he doeg not si,.y well. Projectile, who is now trained by Mr. A. Thompson, is taid to be doing well, nnd Resolute has only to strip HI good nick to command a large following. Coil and The Officer ought to be in close company, and Charge's chance its not to be despised. Yanitas may run better in this .race than in the Doneaster Handicap, lul-.'s lot consists of Tom, JVaihine, and K-. ka, but which will turn out the best can only be kft to time to determine. The Trenton mares are, as a rule, very (rood, and v\ aihinc has already shown some ability to stay. Kcka may yet prove that stamina rather than speed is bin forte, and Tom is bound to make a bold bid for victory if intrusted with the confidence of the stable. Hut on that point we nrnst watch and wait. At the time of writing I am of the opinion that Kelso will very nearly win the double event. W edncsday morning's weather, although me. was indicative of a change sooner or later, but, fortunately for the Aspendale park meeting, the threatened change did not take place, and the fixture attracted a really good attendance. Hera was backed ike a good thing for the Trial Handicap, but bIic was not as quick out of the tlips as w usual with Mr. S. Miller's horns, and was beaten by both Crisp and the worthless f m ?>eP08cd Kas a hot f*vourite for i ' 8°d alU,ou«b he not jump well, his pace enabled him to win with a bit in hand. Before the race a boy in De posed e colours was observed walking about the paddock. Evidently he had the mount, but upon weighing out it was noHced that laft~ Terwo"!tJhe C0,0UrB- rtewarf, after the race asked the owner, a Griffiths I to explain matters. Tlie explanation wm that ft stable-boy in the firgt instance *,.t I ride Deposed, but that as BnsWer «Ej! Griffiths a consideration to ride 1)2 ? \lrt offft- ^accepted. Whife aJJJJ] Griffiths'® otplauotion, tins rtt J . ,,reused the Opinion that they m aat * ? prove Of hw conduct. There is.nothij^ , the rules to to ench a circuingUt^ Griffiths wy» be did not bad kn boneU s a shilling Lady Loch vras the I (or the Flying Handicap, but the *^1 turned up in Vespehis, about whose 4 Ioqk prices -acre offered. U4y Lo&. , amends somewhat by vriniua* the Wi^i Handicap, lieutenant was the for the ABpendalerPark Handicap, b#t£j was badly beaten by May Day; a»4 ^ chances in the Doncaster Handicavseea^ t l>c licxt to nothing. The "outsider*" | Brewer lor his riding of Lieutenant, 1^, when he won the following race on the jeers were turned to cheers. 8a and, (or the fickleness of the public. 