Bolter's Bedfellow. A GHOST STnilV. Well, aftur ? three or four seances 13'ilter used to be very nervous and un willing to sleep alone, so I once went with him to hi* one-roomeil list. We turned into the same bed. I was awakened later later by a noise and movement in the room. Fonnd the door open ; the full moon streaming in, making light like day, and the (.lace full of great big black dogs-well, any how, there were four or five! They were romping about, seemingly playing One jumped on the bed, another rubbed his muzzle on mine I (the bed was low, and I slept outside.) Now I never bad anything but love for dogs of any kind, and as-'n'est pas ?'-lore casts out fear, I simply g< t up, turned tbem all out, shut the door, and tqrned in again myself Of course my idea was that they were flesh and blood, and I alludi to physical fear. I slept, but was anew awakened by a ghastly feeling that the blanket wae< being dragged and creeping off the bed. I pulled it up ajain, but anew began tbe slow movement of descent. Bather surprised, I pulled it up afresh and held it, and mast "have dozed off, as I suppose, Awoke, to feel it being pulled again; it was slipping, slipping, and. then with a sudden, violent jerk it was thrown on the floor.. " II faut dire " that during all this I. had glanced several times at Bolter,' who seemed profoundly asleep. Bat, now alarmed, I tried to wake him.. In vain, lie slept like tbe dead ; his face, always a pasty white, now like marble in the moonlight. After some hesita tion I put the blanket back on the bed and held it fast. The pulling at once began and increased in strength, and T, by this time' thoroughly alarmed, put til .my strength against it, and hung on like grim death. To get a belter hold I' had taken a turn over my head (or, perhaps, simply to hide), when suddenly I felt a pres sure outside on my body, and a move ment like fingew-they gradually approached myJtead. ? Mad with fear 1 ohuolced off the blanket, grasped a. hand, gazed on if for one moment in silent horror, and threw iit awty! No wonder, it was attached to no arm or bady, it was hairy and dark coloured, the fingers were short, blunt, with Ibng, claw-like nails, and it was minus a thumb! Too frightened to get op, I had to stop in bed, and, I suppose, fell to sleep again, after fresh vain attempts to awaken Bolter. Next''morning I told him about it. He raid several men who had thus passed the .night ?with him bad seen tins hand. ' But,' added he, 'it's lueky you didn't have the big blade doors also.' ' Tableau !'- From ' The Book of Dream* and Ghosts,' by Andrew Ling. 