the Shadow of Wrong. CHAPTER I. THE SHADOW IN THB CITY. September night./. The rain fells at inter vals from bars of ragged, fleecy olond, and the lights of the oity broaden to liqaid moons in the bosom oi the dark river. The rain,: ep] ashing gloomily on the pavement, drags up the mud and aoatters it about poUutinjrlyv Rain everywhere 1 The theatres are emptied, the last oyster-shop jb closed, the last drun ken reveller has reoled .home and, to bod. Th« big heart of the oity is husbed for a time, And London sleeps the sleep of a- slimy monster wallowing in the slush and mud. Yonder man, plodding slowly along the streets, eyed saspioionsly by the passing policeman, matters to himself words which ?how his disoontent with the present state of affairs. He is no stranger to the great city; but be has travelled far aoross seas, and long years have elapsed since he laab walked , London streets. Se fames and frets internally; be is drehohdd to the skin j -his teeth chatter; his limbs aohe.: : -He shuffloB on to Borne unknown destination.. Heaven, that twelve odd years should have passed since he toaohed the mother soil, and that he should return to it under circum stances— -penniless and starving. .Twelve odd .years of restless, toiling searoh in the. bowels of the earth for gold. Twelve odd years of drunken brawl, and larking in the-bash. Twelve odd years of sickness, and, starvation, and thirst, and cold. Twelve years moro added to the' countless' years of a' world that shall go on aobiog, throbbing, toiling, aspiring, burning, like the great heart of map, until the beginning and'the end-shall unite in the eternity me a fear or hope for. Twelve more years of births,; deaths, and marriages : of dirty, squalid misery in the oity alley ; of fat, sleek pros periiy in the gentleman's mansion. ... He ahnffles on, with his mission of good or avil oloie hid in his own breast— now: in the shade, now under the glare of the lamps. A tall, gaunt fignra, big-bone and musoular, * utoopinR at the shoulders, olad fn rough blue seaman's trousers and peaooar, abroad widea wake hat, . gaudy, shabby soarf, and boots which are anything but waterproof. A pale, bloated face, with bloodshot eyes, and thiok, threaded here and there with grej. A haunting face, on which that sin which is nnsoftened by repentance -has left its horrid marks — a faoe, some would say, with the gallow mark on it — a face at whioh little children would shudder with inatinotive fear and loathing. Yet its deformity is not of that gross, vulgar kind whioh we denominate as simple uglinesB. It is bloated and mar red, but it has onoe been handsome. The features are regular, the eyes fiaely set, the forehead lofty. Its peouliarity is that move less, oynioal sneer of the lip which, mingled with the fieroe light of the eyes, shows the man of the world— the once clever man, the reckless man at heart). The sneer never leaves those lips; it is ? part of their formation. The eye never loses that fierce light — a light oncoe soft and deceptive, perhaps, but kindled by sin to fire. . The man may be old or young, or neither. He is thirty at least j he is sixty at the. most. Of what acoonnt are the measured means of . time to the immeasurable age of the man's heart ? A certain graoe of movement, conspicuous through all that shuffling gait, and, in spite of these rough garments, a softness, not mental or moral, in the mobile lines of the chin, and in the small, diesoloured hand, a refinement of language in the words he mut tered as he hurried along, oonvinoe yon that the man has seen better days. The firoe light in the eyes, the swollen features, the brute force of manhood pervading all, convince you that the man has left these better days behind him to become the slave of innumerable demons, and that the maddest and most potent of these has been the demon of drink. He is now creeping along a great thorough fare, where, in the daytime, the world does business with a rattle and roar of vehicles and a sparkle of shop windows. He turns off by- a narrow lane, slushy and lamplesB, and feels his way along the darkness. A broad ?traamof light falls across (he lane; The man enters an open door and approaches a dirty bar. It is one of those night houses whioh are kept open for the use of composi tors and stragglers from home who may obanoe to oall. He stands at the bar, bearded, muddy, and wralohed. He spends his last ?billing on brandy ; it seems to put new life into him. From the half-open door ol a large room come the sounds of jingling glasses and loud voices. The man looks in the direotionof the room, and the slight, habitual sneer broadens. He draws from tils breast pooket a greasy pieoe of paper, whioh he looks 'at With the sneer still on bis features : Jonathan Jeffoook, 9 Love Lane, , Kentish Town. He chuakles. The inspection gives him satisfaction.; That little .addrtis, he thinks, is as good to' him as a small cheque on the Bank of England, so he swaggers out of the bar, shaking himself like a wet dog. . ' Bam euitomer that,' says the landlord, with a wink to one of his habitue's. ' Rather,' replies he other as he drinks off his pot of beer. The man lounges down the lane, and again into the great thoroughfare. The drink has changed liim somewhat. He is more ereot, he swaggers more in his walk, and there is a ?mile on his faoe. The rain oeases now, and the wind bogina lo tear open the floating olouds. He pursues his way northward through the heart of the oity, pausing now and then as if to colleot his thoughts. 1 The same, oyor the same/ he mutters i ' no change for the better or for the worao. Will this hag of a oity never ohange (as we poor devils of men ohange) till its fate grows blacker and fouler? Bah! What did I expeot ? Botterflios— beds of rosos— down to lie on 1 By Heaven, though, anything is bettor than that cursed country, whero overy roguo is as wiso as his neighbour, and whore tho rogue with the strongost arm gets the goldon prize.' He trudges along raoro briskly, shaking with cold, and robbing his hands togolhor fiercely. 1 Onoe more,' ho said, ' I shall come faoo to face, and onoo more bo and I shall go shares in the good things of this world— onree him I Humph— he's fat and nlaok by this tiuao, I dare say ; rlohcrthan ever, too, doubtless. He little thinks that tboro is such » ghost as I wot of, to startle him Jo hit easy chair till be drops his golden nuggets — aye, and to help him to his grave, if need be. What a theme for thoao ohaps at the olnbs to talk about, and for me to laugh at. Doad and buried, dead and buried, and arisen again to slip into the nest the old bird has feathered for himself.' ' 'The notion tiokles him, and he grins from ear to ear. It is a peculiarity of our friend that he seldom laughs outright, not even when his smile is sneering and sickly, instead of cruel and gross. His nearest approaoh to a langh is a low, ohuokling sonnd wbioh seems to oome up from the depths of his ohest. By this time he is out of the dirtier part oi tho town, and is, shuffling along through a number of squires. Ho passes! next into a dirty suburb. The housos are ?mall and dingy, with little, shabby pardons before them, where no grass ever grows. The man lounges down a street filled with i small, respeotable cottages, some of them adorned with door plates and knookers. At one of these he knocks and rings boldly, smiling to bimsolf at the nnaoasonableness of bis visit. He has knocked thrice and rung thrioe, and muttered countless anathemas on the heads of thoso within, when bo hears a footstep coming stealthily along the passage. Ho knocks more loudly than ever and peeping through tho keyhole, sees a light approaobing. Too door is opened without a word, and swung baok abuut a foot on its chain. A woman's faoe shaded by a thin, worn hand, pears ou t. (To be Continued.) 