A TALE 0F_ HORROR. , A gentleman name Lendbetter, a hopmer chant, resident in. one of the western counties, had for many years .made a practice of attend ing tte great annual fair at'Weybill, an a pur chaser of the commodity in which lie chibfly dealt. It happened on one occasion, that he arrived at the inn to wbich he always, went, some hours later tban usual ; and on going into the house he learned, to his regret,tbat so much sompany had arrived before him, that every bed was org.iged. Rather than go to any house to which ha was a stranger, hedttermined to have abed made upon some chnirs in tbe travel lers' room. Mrs. Syoiouds, the landlady) was about to carry this arrangement into effect, when she happened to recollect that there was an ostler's room in the yard, which put,sibly Mr. Leadbetter might prcier to sleeping in a room where be might be liable to be disturbed very early in the morning. To this the gentleman willing acceded; and after some short time.he passed up the callery in the 'yard which led to the apart ment, aud retired to bed. Sleep lent its leaden influence soon to the weary traveller, and he 'reposed soundly, until a strange noise in the gallery which be had ascended, roused him into sense again. The noise' was that of an extremely heavy footstep. Mr. Lecdbetttr counted every step ; aud, to his alarm, the sound increased, until tbe cause of it reached the door of bis apartment. ,' In an instant a. tall and gnuutfignre entered the reom, with a candle in one hand, aud a butcher's kuife in the other. Mr. L. attempted to spesk,but his vi ice failed him, and the figure approached the bed. It shook tbe. horror-stricken man ; then .drew the knife_ several,. times .acroES. J-is.pwn throat ; went to a table in the room, set down the light, and immediately quitted the place. Mr. Leadbettox begau to breathe 'again-; he imagined, after a few minutes, that ha must have, been dream ing; and yet, the candle and candlestick on' the table were lio phantoms, they were palpable realities. He instantly rose with au intent to lock the dqoc, but -found that'it was without lock or- bolt, and that there was nothing else in the room but the bedstead of any weight. As this fortunately ran on casters, be rolled it to the door, and thinking himself then tolerably safe from further intrusion, he endesvoured to go to sleep afain. But sleep would no more revisit his eyelids ; and he lay tossing about until, in about au boar, he heard the same sounds trbicb had before alarmed him, renewed en the gallery stairs, and :n p. few seconds, the door 'of his room being pushed with great violence, his bed wjs rolled into the middle of tl.e apartment, and again the Lornd figure stood bere tim ! The faculties uf speech and motion now forsook him quite ; the figure shook him again with fierce gesticulation, aud again drawing the knife across its throat. Trtr. Ijbad better observed .that marks of blood were on the blade, which were not there before .! It then passed. awa- from toe room, and the remainder of Mr. Leadbetter's sense fieJ with it ; ho swooned and remained for some time insensible. ' As soon as he came to himself he put on his clothes with the best speed bis agitation would allow, and descended into the yard of the inn. ?n a stable there be saw a light, end on approaching it, found a man dressing dewn some horses, to whom he communicated thet something particular had happened, and that he must bare Mr. and Mrs Symonds called up immediately. Tbe landlord came down ; and on expressing- his apprehension tbat Mr. Lead better was very HI, as his lookB seemed to indi cate, was/informed tbat indeed he was not well. Mr. L. proceeded to relate all that happened to him, and concluded by expressing his fiim con viction that some horrible murder had been committed on the premises in the night. \- Mr.. Symottds' on hearing the tale, was scarcely less alarmed than the relater. The house -was quickly soused by tbe terrors of the host and hooters ; and the business ot the fair wan almost forgotten in the wonder excited by the story, which lost nothing by repetition to the several guests of the inn, as they suc cessively inquired into the cause of the . early disturbance. At six o'clock the ostler, whose room Mr. L. had occupied, arrived from a lodging which he had got in the town, on being turned out of his usual bed. Much pleasure was expressed on seeing him'; and on the story being told him, ' Winy,' said he, ' I'll lay my life I know the: ghost very well ; it was the denf and dumb fellow that comes to help me to kill the pigs, and who 'always comes up to my room to call me when we have one to kill '' The murder was out ! It was indeed the deaf and dumb fellow.\ who 'had made an appointment with the ostler to kill a pig at four o'clock in tbe morning, and who, thinking the ostler lazy ; had gone first to awaken him, and a second time for tbe same, purpose after he bad stuck the pig. 