THE HAUN TED HANSO*iM. WE nhad been tclling; stories of those strange warnings from the spirit worll wi:ich Wen lhaiv' solmethtneRs had of events which were to happen, or had happencd on this earth, when a Ineuber of the club, whom none of u- had spoken to before, came up to the corner of the smoking rootm where we were sitting. His man ner was that of a reticent man who was mastered hby an overpowering impulse to tell a story. I daresay you fellows may remember the case they called the Putney Heath Mystery,' he said, ' though it happened a good manny years ago ?' Ys, I remlember it,' sni:l one Cof ur number, ' thongh after all there was no thing very mysterious about it.' No, not as it came ount in court; but there wad a mystery about it that the puhie never heard of. It related not to ue1 crime itself, but to the way the de teetives sere first put on the scent of the evidence that brought the -p:isoner's guilt home to him.' Then he told the following tale It is a story I have not told for a long time, fior I don't like being chlaffed about it. But as you fellows have been talk ing about that sort of thing I can't h-lp telling it to you. It is twenty years ago since that case. At the time I was a youn.thfellow, just getting through the little mioney I cme inmto wheu I camne of age, I was a member of this cliub tllhu, ant:i tn night I had been in the ctard room upstairs tntil three o'clock ini Ihe morining. .Thefellows I had paed with went a difi:rent way hlome-, ai t:hev tnok the oh 2C insom' obtainable, aun I had to \v-ili 1hoe.0 by inyself. I 'ez'ib-r quii.' well t1ht ai i -' i. isl ato .the Sttrand I:t i V, -1 it 1ur be~e raining and the hi.:I. :h r: la imps were bla·rld un;l l t-oen to b e hlcted frnin the wet pavrultu . 1 coiuld onIly see one Coweriiýg fimgue, an m1 tie lon" street se'med t9 he unusidlty.te serted even for the ' houtr 'hea Londi sleeps. I thouri;t that perhaps I' should xit find a cab even at Charun-Cr-inrssto t l 1 I ne to L'oury-street; wh re I- lie d .: I felt that the walk there ivouild be lh i.- l and uripnleasn tns ' hat a tool I wa, and in ihat a feeble wa y I wasi sting my life, and tlhrowing a way mai ch!le imie, I thought as I W alked. Just their a hansom, craw ,ing aitig, turned fiou' Catherine-street into th iStrand. SThat's all right. Ju p iiii air ou'rme the fi st fare I've hadall nightm,' said the di river, as eui'dlled up for mie . Wil, I was ii sotci sort i1uk cl-iott r all. i. gettin'g a cut) so '3o) I ht as I pulul o'pen tthe di;ors. fThis etarted at: Io iuKed It ,ithi ti.t40-deiliie't. WX' hat is tihe tmatter.. tiitlh.your f.tre ?' I skedlei, fi r 1 hil iiden hi Idled up on the dfloor of tihe cab, with his head on the seat, a gentleman in evening dress, who appeared to be hlolpelessly intoxicated. ' You seem to have forgotten about him, and I prefer to have a cab to myself.' SI-IHave a cal) to yourself ! You'll want a padded room to yourself-that's what you'll want pretty s'on, governor. Come, jmnip in, and don't give in to it, or you'll finl yourself waking np in Bow street stt.cihi,' answered the driver. 'I tell you there is som:eone in there,' I. insisted ; s sea for yourself.' H:> hle's got in unibenowu to m<, said the marn, ' and you can tell him to clear. out.' ' Turn him out younrself-I won't hve anythi;g to dn with hint,' I said ; and I remeruber feeling almost startled at the terrified tone of my own voice, while I realized that it would be hard for me to bring myself again to look into that cab at the huddled figure that lay in the corner. There is so;metliiog wrong with him-lhe is dead,' I found myself saying almost involuntarily. *It's easy to see what's the matter with you. It's whit c)nmes of hlavin plenty of money to pay for your drinks. But come, jimp in, and tell me where to drive you afore you forgets it, or you'll be thinkin:g yourself the Prince oE Wales or the Emperor of China. Here, I'll show you that there is no one in. You will be a trouhbl-sonme fare enough, hot. I ain't going to leave a gont in the strect,' said t'hd driver, wmo seemed to be a good n-i "C A f-dow enoui. Then he joim ped off the box, lrnmribing to himself, and I 'len:in h s tit ta ors oF i h.? ct:h asked LOe wii-re time gentleman was. As I looked over his sihouldnr into the cab I could nio ar nwer the raeSti o.u. ior worever time man in the dre's-suit was he was certainly no longer imi the cab. ' Better get in, sir, and get home,' said the driver. But I felt that nothing would indlnre me to drive home in the cab wh1re I ha-i seen that man in dress clotihe-s. SLo I gave time man a shilling, which soothed his temuper, and iade himz so far com municative that lhe told me he hated the cab as much as I did, and with bhtter reason, for he lied never had a good day since first he took it out, a week before. 'Lt's the number, . maybe-1313. Anyvhow. somebody else may drive it, for I shan't any imore. But there ain't been no gentleman in it, drunk or sober, live or dead, this blessed light,' said the mUlan as he drove off. I must say I fIet. rather nervous as 1 walked house throuiih the fain to Ebury stleet. W'As ill' sitl, ]itar delusion the hbgiOlning 1; biind imytci'ious illness ? No, I felt quite wvert, The only curious sinptount was iiiat I couldnuot get the figure I ha sen a oi of lmy mind. I iad only caug"t a 4lilpse of the man in the cab, and yt ,I seemed to see him. vividly whenever I tried to recall hii. I couli remember all his features dis tinutly, and the grey colour of his face. All through tilhe night I was han te'l by that face. \hen I awoke. hough ;as a bright sntiiy' day, I conl. not. get it olt of mi in'ul. Tloughi I had been wasting my tile. stp pipp, un till three o'clock Alying cards, I hied a lo' of work to do. It was only a month to sen.ling in day:, and I had two pictures for, the Academily to iitlishll. I was bound to imi'ke the beet use of the plresent siun -;ine. 'Y t.t when I Went into uiy studio I sat for Snome ti'ue unable to dio fhny thing, and when I did turn to work it wxas.t, do sm0l1ethinge quite useless. For two holies I workedr away at a picture of the figure that iau nted me-thlie man in hi ess-clothes I had seen lying oni the floor of the cao, with ihis head resting on the seat. Yes, hle was dead. I sail to myself, as I looked with s.iuiething akin to admlira tion at my isketch, which seemed to be almost the cleverest thing I had ever Jone. Yet I felt inclined to tear it up. for it seemed to rue to be terrible and gruesome, but some impulse prevented me from doing so. I put it away, and settled to my work. I found that the two hours I had spent over the sketch were not altogether wasted, for after I had finished it I was able to work away at my picture without my thoughts stray ing back to my adventure of the previous evoiuag. I suppose it would have.been wiser if I had kept my story to myself, f r I was a good deal clhaffed about it, and though I aln a temperate man eaough, many people believed-that I bad left the club on the verge of an attack of de:iriumu tremens. Still there are some stories which one cannot help telling, and with most people anything approac:i tg to a ghost story is of that character. Tilhe chaff I always encountered struck mei as being stupid and:i in bad 1aste, About a week aifter my adventulre there were soume half- dozea nmen smoking in liy stuio, aindc of course tihey got me to tell them all about it. '4 ,cl,' I said, 'when my IdventLure was receivedtl vtih mire or I s i r.e:o:l - :iXr, " all I can sae is th:Sis wh.it I saw. ;ns tpen:ng a drawer I took oat the sketch I iha made aiId passed it oiuid. ` 11's a very xc x e e bit of w rk, a'rt ir ,'U s d a I .i ~ r, the art Criti isn't i t, B.1:' d passed it to Bid doiars, a -o'vn it lt v; who ihan lat-ik S', iat to dl iu w ~ i tis Tiet ist cila'' . l' 1 ' r f it L'1J; se>, . -c,-.iiiI e i oi )ill'?1I', -ttem he L ioni± l at it. ii I tot you what i ois u.hve a :'1' la tiv turn of hu li muiir to draw this piic u )e to boilsteri'upi yotic story:. W\a, ir , is exacti; as Ii: Juak d-wdcieioca they roini him.' W\li1u>- ? Wnt tir you mean.?' I riskd, it l IL lee iier ie into Soawrs' fai to see Ti ihe Xweie cii alR g me, awti fraii pailr is 't ci ntairn tatc he 'toWas riot. Tom La ng D~n' o von meian toay you never knew birm ?' I ne iA saw him in my life, unless I saav hon rlr t irrrniii' \d .i. Ii cnsay is t ht a fortnight ago bin wia found dad on Puanev Hler t. cdieeda is yo draw limi thr it st phata UmeI. had cur'I itoei i' d In b him. Yog mi iist .ivS read of it it the pape.s tire tPiirncv fle at Mx'sti'ry. they call it. 1I par 'l'ior lie nayor o ha d a lot igdaldi 21i ) tt U1. diiie it hookid .ii sitiedet fi, fuu ou the polbee are ionb uLt ' I wos not chafflec ncieh more that evening, fuir the otiier men, twio of whita had known Lroitng by'sight, were much impressed by- my story. 'It is not the sort of story they are likely to pay unucli heed to at Scotland Yard,' said Somers, atter we hrat talked for some rime ; ' but I know the detec tive who is lokirng after the ease, and I should like to tell it to him, and shaw him the picture. You had better go there with me to-.moi'row.' I agreed, to this, arid the next day Samers and. I interviewed Inspector Sharp, who had charge of the case. SWe don't go tunch cit spirits of that sort down thie Ytr.' said tte inspeetor, wheni he had the story andI seen the sketch; bl t this is the living, or rather the dead, inage of what we found on Putney Heath. .And there ornugt hiave bet-n a cab in the case, the core in which tire gentleman, dead or alive, was taken down to the heath. Number 1313i. Well, I will liook it up, through I should be obliged if you would not tell anyone about thir, tor I wouldn't like it to be supposed that I listened to such a strry.' The ripeotor did look ip cab 1313. People who cnn recall the details of the Putney Heath Mystery will remember what an impsrtarit witness the cab driver was. The prisoner had paid him a heavy price for tbe use of his cab for tire night. The use itwas put to was to drive Loring's body down to Puinex\ Heath. Loring lied been killed by an overdose of Itulaudrnem, administered by people f'hoi only wished to) d rug him and rocb him of a large sum of motley lie hii.i been paid h : e verirrg. Their object, or cnurs9, was to make it ritpear that thu tunfot tunate man had coumnittled suicide. I don't suppose half-a-dozen people have ever wfaid. :eh lhow thre lpflice goti the clue Lii the ex-cabjsan whlo lent his cab to Mr. Luring's unrrderers. Cer llaniy L canRnot expua!11 110 sTory. I ci , only tLll it as it ;ccurre1 to ime. Hidden ",way in my desk t still have ti , sketch I :rew of the figure in the i.: ..oin. I certainly never ilrew so well . (,n1 thya tiat occasion. Somletiiiies when I liook at it-as I do every nowi and theln-it senes that thore i.3 something strani e and almost supernatural in the expression of e rer line. Bat that may be mere fancy. The cnvictiin of the accused in 1 the Putney IHeitli Mystery is a solid fact. Iusp ctor Sinrp), of Scotland Y:lrd, is not lise!j soon to forgeit the. evidencei I broi it hii 'We have lii s.i 1 of queer stories broug'ht to s aitt S oti±al Y ard1,' he said t L m t Uethe 'er'i y, when we .mat and had a gl;ass.c@ wo n igeother, *at that case of yours i:as th. only insatice I ever knew of our, actinig 'on information' ru ceived from thothier world.' 