THE FEELERS AND THE PIXIE. A ' Mellon '-choly Tale. On a recent night, as Constable Ksrland and a probationer from the depot '''.re perambulating a street ' in Strawberry Hills, they saw a figure squatting on the steps of an old building which had once been a public-house, but which is - now unoccupied. When they' approached, the figure, they allege, vanished through the door. They went round te the back, gaiued admission, and proceeded to inves tigate. The spook kept dancing along before them, keeping just out of reach, until, scared out of their simple senses ,the two bobbies Cut and ran for it,- and went and reported the ghost at the station. 1 It has since boon discovered 'that the ghost was a homeless dog. The following lines set forth the incident in plearing measure. The verses may be sung (if it can be managed) to the air of that soulful balland ' White Wings ' : — Adown the evening breezes let the fearsome tidings roll, ' , And bear the ghastly ghostly news from North to Southern Pole, To cities laige; to hamlets small, to each sequestered nook Of tho mystic weird ad ventures of the bobbies and the spook. Trap Number One. a veteran not now un known to fame, Was disclosing to a novice all the secrets of the game. How to use his own discretion when he beard the sounds of fray, And put on the Maginnisin a scientific way. How to be alert and wary when the bulk of mankind slept ; ... When their footsteps brought them to a place where spirits once' were kept, And tho' the place was empty, of its former stock bereft, The slops found to their horror there was still a sample left. Now the average policeman amt a nervous kind of chap ; It takes a lot of spirits for to scare away a trap. But surely it would terrify tiie pluckiest of scrappers, To see a spirit scooting round adorned with seal-like flappers, With its head eo wrapped iu bandages yon Couldn't see its jaw, Yet this was ihe sort of joker that these truthful bobbiee-zaw. ? '?«-« J When they first descried, the Goblin, on the Rub's front steps he slept, Or thinking that We did a°. up our heroes quickly stepped ; Front steps aint boarding houses, where any ? one may lag. So they thought to scoop this aosser in and charge him on the vag. So np they goes to vindicate the majesty of law, But bis ghostship showed his disregaxd.by \- , . passing- through the door ; Of course the thing looks easy, as it's dose each day by. many, But when the door ie shut sad locked it looks . a bit uncanny. ' , 1 He didn't say 'exense me,' or undo look or bar,' , Left not a trace, in' fact, the' traps -they' 1 Dunno where he are ? I don't Say they were paralysed, or that they ? ' acted- wildly, But to Say they were astonished is to put the ease too mildly. On a . voyage of disoovery they went around . the back, . , . . . Determined to arreit him if they got upon his track. The back door was left open by someone un wares, And there they find his- spooky nibbs asit ting on the stairs. ; Resolving then to do or die, each bobby drew his waddy... - . . . To txj .and knock a dent, or two . in his ethereal' body,' But 'that two shoold -try to go .for . one-he didn't think a - fairway, j . Bo he genlly waves Wis '-flappers and 'they waft him up the' stairway, . - Searching, in. the dark might mean a lot of buihga and acrhtches, . . fib one- trap' stopped - to 'hold the fort,' the other went for matches. When he returned they started on intent oh death or glory, And followad that there ghostly, bloke into ;- the upper storey i They had him jammed, when thro' the wall he quickly took JusJhook, And , tho*. .they search thro* -every room they chh't locate-thatepobk. And then,'- just to aooelsrate the anger they were feeling, /' ? -j-. He pops bpek throijgh the wall 'again 'and ' then pops through this ceiling. - ... This prototype of Gsoidie'a made the pnee so' Ihat^uT^menti^ dedmed' it the wteett to 'vatate; that is, take sherry 1 ? ? When they get' to the o'utsr door- they' get another facer, - ? -? » ? For'hiB gills-- -me* bounding' down tho stain . jUstlikr a uordle raoer, ' 8o they liguu out under evens,* mighty ' - - pleaaed that thay wera tbrough ' - .. t With' the- liallonesqne performance -at the . Goblin's rendezvous. - ?? :???'.? - ? ? - - TOMKL Balminh,' August 2', 1897. ; ?- ' , It ie stated tjut PreiMeht-Krugef haa the same nutpber of grandqhiidrea os Queea .Victoria...... . -L','-V-« .... ?' ?A 'Sydney- sliarebroker, returning , -to His office * the dtiief day,' after 'a substan tial lunch, with a client, said, complacently to'Tus clerk— 'Sir. Glerkl'fhe world looks different to a man when he has a bottle of champagne in 'him.' 'Yes, sir,' said the .clerk, significantly, 'and Jio, looks different to the world.' ' American- women are yearly growing more independent. Tiie statistics show that over '3,000,000 womeii are earning independent . incomes in -that country. There are over 2500 practising medicine, 0000 managing post-offices, '275 preach ing the gospel, and iu New, York city alone over 27,UiH- of them are supporting their husbands, 