QUEEN ELIZABETH'S GHOST. SEEN IN WINDSOR CASTLE. A very remarkable story was published m the Daily Ma il on February 16, to the effect that Lieutenant - A. St. Leger Glyn, 3rd Battalion' Grenadier Guards, has seen Queen Elizabeth's -ghost in the library at Windsor Castle. The following statement was made by the lieutenant's mother, tho Hon.- Mrs. Oarr Glyn, to the Mail in wstig&tqr; .:-- 'It is per fectly true that my eon has witnessed some thing abnormal. He was, he tells me,, sitting an the library_ of. Windsor €astle reading a book— 'The History 6f Doraetsaire/ to be e?act. As he lead, be became aware of some one passing in the Inner library. He looted up and saw a female figure in black, with black lace on the head, falling on to the shoulders. The figure passed across the library towards a corner which was out cf view as my son sat, aud he did not tako much, notice, thinking it was somebody reading in the inner room. This was just upon 4 in the afternoon, and an attendant soon afterwards came up to close the place. My son asked who the lady v.as who was at work in the inner room, and the attendant replied tiiat no one else was in the library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before walked across the inner room. ' Then where could sho be?' asked the attendant^ having ascertained that nobody was in the inner room. ' She must have gone out of a door in the corner,' Eaid my son, indi cating- a corner to which the figure had passed. 'But there is no door,' said the attendant. My son said nothing about this incident, and did not think much about it, I understand, until Mr. Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, the attendant having mentioned the matter to Mr. Holmes. Asked by Mr. Holmes to (describe the figure he had seen, my son did so, and Mr. Holmes replied that my son had seen the apparition of Queen Elizabeth. Mr. Holmes added that there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieutenant G-lyn was the first man in our time who had seen it. The Dean of Windsor also asked my sou about it, and several members of the Royal Family have interviewed him on the subject. As for Mr. Holmes, I am given to understand that he has spent nights and day6 in the library since, in the hopes of being vouchsafed a visi tation.' The Hen. Sydney Carr Glyn, the famous Crimean veteran, nnd father of Lieutenant Glyn, here entered the room, and upon learn ing of the topic under discussion, paid, 'If my son says he ha3 seen anything, you may t3ke it from us that he has seen it. He is a fresh honest English boy, only a Bubaltern, but fond of field sports, like most guardsmen, and unlike some guardsmen, fond of reading. Ho wouldn't exaggerate anything a hair's breath.' Both the Hon. and Mrs. Carr Glyn gave permission for the publication of this statement by their son, subject to the sanction of Lieutenant Glyn. On Sunday night a telegram was dispatched to Lieutenant Glyn, soliciting leave to give the story on his authority, and yesterday morning came the answer— ' Certainly, if you like. — Gltv, Grenadiers, Islay.' The representative of the Daily Mail next saw Mr. R. R. Hoimes, F.S.A., the librarian of the Castle, aud writes, Mr, Holmes conducted me to the scene of ths alleged apparition. He pointed out the chair occupied by Mr. Glyn, which stands on the east side of the first room, and I seated myself in it. Immediately before me was a large globe, looking past which a few steps lead up into a gallery, the sides of which are lined with books. On the south side of the gallery — which was built by Queen Elizabeth aud used by her as a picture-eallery, in which she was accustomed to walk, and where she devised or reflected upon those masterpieces of statecraft which have made her reputa tion what it ia— stands a fine chimney piece over which a bust of the 'Virgin Queen' looks down somewhat severely upon the spot where her shade has been so recently seen. Mr. Holmes says that this gallery has had the reputation of being haunted by the ghost of Queen Elizabeth from time out of memory. His own recollection of the story dates from 27 years ago, and he has been in the habit of spending1 Hallowe'en in the gallery for several years in the hope of encountering her deceased Majesty. 