IN THE t DEAD OF"NIG HT, By the Pop iir. Author es, ADA CAMBRIDGE. Published by special nrrangement ith t les?srs. wrd, Lock?4,l Co., Ltd. [ALL RIGHTi0 RES?RVO.] .. CHAPTER VI. THE CATrPAW. s That first night in the haunted chamber £ was not so romantic'in iteiiicidents as the I second one, and yetit was far from being t commonplace. The occupants found it i impossible to feel at home in such sur- C roundings. They fidgetted through the long six hours, listening, watching, talk- a ing, dozing in brief snatches, waking on the threshold of dreams to cry, " Phew, I how hot it is !" and disturb each other by i asking whether he or she. was -asleep or not. And the mice were -di tracting '1 But for the testimony of universal experi ence, it would have b'een h'rd to believe o they were mice, rushing and raging over r the floor, and scratching and squealing be- I hind the wainscot in that rampageous manner. The present auditors had no t doubt about. it-blessed them in choice language without feeling any necessity to I light the candle. Perhaps it was the a familiar domestic associations of the noise t whichlunlledtheminto theirfirst sleep,when f their ears had become accustomed to the f noise itself. b At any rate, they slept. It seemed to n themselves that they had been off guard v for about five minutes, when first Nettle, a and then her husband, awoke to a sensa- c tion of something having happened during a their absence. There was a su dued creak- - ing, as when. one tries to open a door or n window without being heard-a little cerack- 11 ing noise, then silence, then another crack. 8 "There's someone in the room," waispered Nettie,.her dry tongue cleaving 8 to the roof of her mouth. " Hush-sh-sh i" breathed Wingate in her t ear, and he drew himself up softly into a sI sitting posture. The moon was obscured a at this moment, and from their bed by t the fireplace, nearer to -the door than the b window, they could see nothing distinctly. d Again they heard the creaking noise-a c noise that certainly had not disturbed a them before they went to sleep-and Win- a gate cautiously felt for the matches. He t was not alarmed, but he trembled with t the effort he made not to betray himself r by any untimely movement. He managed a to secure the match-box without rattling 0 it against the candlestick, and to open e and close it without a tinkle; then he sat up in bed with a match in his hand, ready g to strike the instant he heard the sound again. After long suspense it was re peated, and, with his straining eyes fixed .t upon the door whence he believed it to e come, he dashed the' match upon the box, fi expecting to reveal the form of Geraldino 0 Desailly or an mccompliee in the act of creeping into the i"ooif. But he dashed .h with too much vigour; the match.head < mnapped without exploding, and fell off t upon the sheet. He did not swear, as he h felt inclined to do, but listened for a moment eagerly. Agaid there was the P creaking sound, not so loud this time, but u continued for several seconds instead of t for one. He seized another match, struck n it.successfully, and held the little flame ii high, rising on one knee as he did so, and he saw that the door was closed and the P room unchanged.. He then lit the candle and got out of -bed to explore more thoroughly, Nettie following close behind a him; but the strictest search discovered tl nothing. The bit of paper was still over the outside keyhole, untouched the pas. a iiei doors were shut and fastened; the passage and the little staircase were empty and silent; the haunted room revealed no t' sign -of any human presence, save their I own. "It must have been the mice," said t Wingate,. as he locked their own door afresh; and he bade his wife go back to bed. "It was not a bit like mice," she objected timidly. o " Well, there's nobody about, at any rate." - a So they returned to their pillows, and, listening for as long time, heard no more 5 noises except such as mice ordinarily make in their nibblings at dry woodwork and ri their scamperings to and fro. Rain began y to patter down again, and to tinkle upon the window. - "Perhaps it was the rain," said Win gate. it "Perhaps," suggested Nettie, hopefully, t "it was the furniture creaking after being moved and pulled about. I had a wicker 8i chair in my bedroom once that used to P make noises the whole night if I had been d sitting in it before I went to bed." "Oh, very likely. I daresay that was h Wingate turned over to go to sleep. b His wife, less satisfied, lay awake for some time longer, and then she, too, dozed si arghS;, but she had troubled dreams of a ghoestai'd burglars that startled her into g sndden recognition of the white moonlight D and black shadows of the haunted room at I very5 short intervals. On one of these t occasions she crept up to Billy, and whis- 'I pered his name into his ear. He was n slumbering lightly, but in a moment t checked his audible breathing and brought h all his senses to attention. There was a noise in the air again, but not the same h noise as before. It was a sort of pulsation, 1: half a sigh and half a snore, rising and b falling gezitly and evenly, like the heavy t breathing of some sleeping animal, and it I seemed to come from under the floor. in "If we were in the bush,"'said Wingate, a "I shaould sayit was an opossum. It is exactly like the noise they make in the 1 trees at night, just outside your window. i "Jt.musnt be a dog," said Nettle. '"-Yes. Or-" he was trying to think of'ani English equivalent for an opossum, " oi`i~usirrel out of the woods." They were both sure that it was not man, I woman, or gbosr; so Wingate picked up 6nb of his boots and flung it noisily acnross I thtflobr; crying, " Shoo :" loudlyss he did sat Instantly the noisdstopped, there was I \- the sound of a stealthy, creeping more ment, and all was still. "A squirrel'," said Wingate again. "An old place like this, deserted for so long, and a standing in the middle of these lonely i woods, must be alive with creatures mak ing a shelter of it. No wonder there are noises. Then they went to sleep for the last time, and awoke in daylight, safe and I sound, sartisfied with the issue of their ad venture. Nettle dressed provisionally, put a tin Ikettle to boil on a spirit stove, and made tea, first for her husband and herself, and theo'foi the twio men who had spent the night on the hard boards of the summer house, and whom Wingate went in search .o?f as soon as he had hurried on his clothes. " Well, you fellows," he said airily, "now 'that you have the light of day to reassure ;you, perhaps you'll come into the honse -for a little refreshment. lIrs Wingate is brewing you a cup of tea; she thinks you'll be wanting something after all you have gone -through. VWe have been as comfortable and anug as possible." "Slept well, sir?" inquired Abel Rowe, as he and his companion walked stilly to wards the house, having returned respect ful greetings and tendered thanks for the lady's kindness. "Never better," replied Wingate. "You didn't keep awake to watch-P" "0f course I did. When I say I slept well, £ mean that everything was quiet' The mice made a hit of a rumpus, that's "A qnsi dywasn't frightened, sir ?" "NoK abit. She isn't one of that sort. Besides, there was nothing to frighten anybody." Then he fetched his wife downstairs, , taking the precaution to lock their chamber door behind them, because she was leaving silver toilet things and other valuables about; and she looked very fresh and charming to the tired men as she stepped into the hall, carrying her tea-basket in her'arms. They saluted her with a shame faced sense of her moral superiority over themselves. " I should like," said Wingate emptying the remaining contents of his spirit flask into the men's teacups, "to thoroughly satisfy your minds as well as my own, to prove to everybody that the house is free of ghosts, at any rate. It is just possible that I may rent the place from Sir Walter for a time, and I am well aware that we shall have trouble with servants, and so on, if any nonsense of that sort got about. I suppose you won't object to sleeping with us here to-night, now that a lady has net been afraid to do it, with only one arm to I defend.her ?" The men pocketed the insult implied, and professed themselves ready to spend nights or days wherever duty called them. If the gentleman and Mr Blackett thought it better to guard the house from the in- I side than from the outside, well and good. ' They were ther to obey orders. " Then I'll see Mr Blackett in the course 1 of the day, and let you know thp arrange- . ments later. You can leave the keys with me ; will lock up safely." They left him the keys and departed to C their homes and breakfasts. Then Win gate and Nettic enjoyed some hours of I perfect independence and delight; feeding i and watering their horses, roaming about the neglected grounds, where tLiey found fresh footprints-unmistakable woman's I footprinits-amongst the marks of men's boots in the moist earth, pointing as un mistakably to the rector's sleep-walker; wandering over the extraordinary house, and rammaging its .:many nooks and corners, its cupboards and cabinets, its wonderful relics of the romantic past; 1 until they felt so hungry that.they deter mined not to waste time going home to luncheon, but to make shift with the t scraps of the provision basket. They camped again in the great hall, sitting on their carriage cushions and spreading a clean towel before them on t the. stone floor. It reminded them, they I said, of many a picaic in the beloved bush i at home, though it would have been herd t to imagine a greater contrast. They lifted baggy napkins and spread them open, t disclosing curly-cornered sandwiches, t crumpled pasties, dry hunks of bread and v cheese, with fragments of other dainties i similarly the worse for wear. Oiily that n Billy enjoyed the continal feast of a con- t tented mind, Nettle would have expected remarks on her housekeeping; but he was satisfied to eat whatever she gave him, and only grumbled because the.e was not enough to drink " I will make dome tea,' she said. "I've got a scre~w left." : ,But he said he wanted something better than tea, and retrospectivelj.lbegrddged the whisky he had wasted over-night. So she remembered that she had a medicinal t flask in her dressing-bag upstairs, and offered to go and fetch it. a "I'll- go," cried Wingate, springing to his feet. " You couldn't unlock the door with those bits of hands.". Andhe tramped towards the staireses at the end of the hall, and pounded up the shallow oak steps i to the gallery above and, the western e passage leading out of it, singing as he r went, filling the house with hollow noises. t When he returned, he was holding a silver mounted bottle between his eye and the b light, laughing discontentedly. , ' Well, you're a nice sort: of young o person!" he exclaimed. "Am I?' she replied. "And why ?" "Tippling on the quiet in this way, and t, all the time pretending to your husband u that the smell of spitits makes yo sick." s "So it does.- What are you talking v about?" -e "This flask's empty." r, S"It isn't. Its brimful. I. haven't t touched it since you filled it for me ina London." a Loingate solemnly turned it upside-down before her -yes. One drop only splashed upon the pavement. " Then some one has been at it." t "Since when ?" " I don't`knorP. I have never taken it out of its pocket since we left town." "The stopper was hardly screwed on at all." g " Oh dear ! I hope it hasn't been leaking t into the bag." ii "No, I looked to see.. The bag is-oal n right. But don't you keep it looked when v you're going about in 'stiange places? You ought. All those fittings are' solid, i you know.': -, . - "I will in"faiuire,"said Nettie. "But it's a nuisance. I do hmate niot to be able b to trust people" "So do I," said -ingatoe. And they b silently suspected a number of honest s persons, while' Nettie strove to pacify the n disappointed one with a cup of tea. it did not pacify hini, so they put the i horses to the buggy and returned to the a Desailly Arms, where he drank a whole t bottle of beer and was himself again. t Then Nettie, bathed and brushed, with I stays off and an empire tea- gown on, spent a pleasant afternoon with a novel Win- b gate, meanwhile, went to see Mr Blackett, f Mr Martin, the housekeeper at the Dower t House, and his late colleague the constable, t to arrange the programme for the night. Time was required for the doing of so d much business, and Mrs Venn was ready b to dish up dinner when he returned with c his report. c " It's all right:' he said. " Walter is s hurrying home, but he can't get here till e late to-night; I don't suppose we shall see t him till the morning. He has telegraphed c to Blackett that I am to have a free hand. f Dearold fellow ! I am thankful he knows it wasn't me, at last. It will bestrange to a see him after twenty years, and to see him t under these strange circumstances. He is leaving the boy behind--'m glad of that; it would'have been difficult to talk of his mother before him, and he might have hampered us in .our dealings with Mrsa George, whom he seems, like the rector, to regard as a persecuted angel, more or less. t By the way, I've done a good stroke in I getting him to join our watch to-night. He's awfully interested in the business, and burning to help- feels, of course, that I it's a parish matter in- which he is primarily concerned. But I toldhim to be sure and not breathe a word to the lady. I said the mere suggestion of burglars and ghosts, of C anything being the matter, would be most injurious to her in her nervous state. She's not sleeping any better, he says, but still refuses to see a doctor or to have any one in her room. His being away to-night will give herscpe for enterprise; we shall I be able to find her out now, if we are very careful. I don't mean to let anybody watch in the garden, to scare her off; 1'll give her a chance to do whatever she wants to do." "Blow us up with dynamite ?" cried Netteio. "Oh, it isn't dynamite," he rejoined confidentially. "There'd be no sense in that. It's something that doesn't want to make a noise to attract public attention And" - with an exultant look -~" old Walter will be here to-night." An unusually hearty dinner and an im peratively necessary cigar took another hour from the daylight, and by the time Mrs Venn had replenished the picnic basket, and been mercifully made ac quainted with a part of the truth as to the business connected with it, Wingate found himself late for his appointment with the rector at The Chase. But the horses were fresh and fast, and the way was short to nighl. A groom was in attendance to drive them back to the comfortable inn stables, for it was not supposed to be any longer necessary to keep the means of escape at hand; and husband and wife Syawned Injuriously in anticipation of the quiet night they were going to have. Their nerves were entirely unaffected by its shdowy approach. It wa delightful ?' hear the owl hoot? d the Itasr w is fighting antlers ready, challenge his rival across a glimmering pool. The mystery of the thick woods to right and left had no terrors in it; and the old house, when again it loomed above them, was even as the Melbourne Town Hall to their placid imaginations. They found Mr Martin kicking his heels 1 in the porch, and took him in and enter tained him, as if the place belonged to them; made him smoke and drink, and eat delicacies provided on purpose for him out of the basket, and join in pleasant talk and the telling of adventurous tales; and Wingate fed Abel and the constable with 1 equal hospitality, after the manner of Australian hosts. Then, in good heart and condition, they mounted the grand I staircase in a body and dispersed them- E selves to their respective posts. The rector was put into what used to be Walter's i dressing- room, the two men had shake- t downs on the passage floor, just outside I the door of the large chamber that had a been Lexie's, which Wingate and Nettie had apropriated. And now this pair felt that the time had come to relax and recruit themselves after i their exhausting day. Wingate sank into i an arm- chair, in slippers and shirt-sleeves, . and lit his pipe. Nettie squatted on the bed, and brushed her hair, and yawned F contentedly. And they amused themselves f with plans for renting The Chase-which c now seemed altogether desirable - and discussed furniture and domestic arrange- I ments, and how they would have a real n English Christmas in the great hall, and i invite all available Australians of their I acquaintance to come to it. " Oh, I am so tired !" sighed Nettie at last. - t " So am I," said Wingate, getting up to I stretch himself. "It's the reaction after 1 so much excitement. Well, we can sleep a in peace to-night." She tumbled into bed, and the heavy lids dropped over her sleepy eyes. He for the last time stepped t. the now unlocked door; and, opening it for an inch or two; asked if they were "all right out t there P" " All right," the three men reeponded promptly.. "Good-night, then. Call me if any thing is. the matter, but don't make smore noise than you can help. MrseWingate is tired, and I don't want her to be dis turbed.". . . . They bade him good-night, and he ex tinguisihed, the -candles on-the dressing table. Ti ten, minutes he` and :his 'wife were slumbering like a pair of healthy c infants. They could not have "gone off" more quickly and soundly if they had taken opiates for the purpose. Nevertheless, Nettlie awoke in an hoiir suddenly, with an' unaccounitable sense of t shock. Before she vas 'able to think about t it,' before' she opeined her eyes indeed, she knew she was not being rdused naturally, a but hid been frightened awake by some power of which her physical senses were a not as yet conscious. It was with a hart-a shaking thrill that she remembered where g she was-the tragical haunted room, and I the pale moonbeams that only made it more t so-and at the same moment realised that she had been compelled to remember it. a While far away in dreamland, fancy free, a something-something awful-had called I, her back; she had no doubt about it, even a while she did not'know what it was, hear y ing and seeing nothing. Her husband d calmly snored beside her, with his head p rolled in the bedclothes ; he had not felt the presence in the air and she was f powerless to lift hand or voice to stir o him. . ' Opening, her eyes-every other muscle b of the body being paralysed with fright- n she looked into the darkness straight be- f fore her, as with an instinct for the quar- v ter whence revelation would come. There d was nothing at the foot of the great bed- t stead; no footboard or rail, to obstruct her b view, but the moonlight was not strong ii enough to show her the features of the b room immediately. Gradually, however, f the main outlines faintly defined them- a selves-the division of. wall from ceiling and of panel from panel-until she could t see the shape of the recess in which the n picture that faced her was embedded. F While her fascinated gaze was riveted to this object, she saw a strange effect of broken lights, or rather of broken shadows, quivering. on and off its surface, which still shone with old varnish; the next in stant the picture was gone! Not alto gether gone, but, as it were, cut in two the fact being that it had been pushed up in a groove, as one pushes up the sash of a window, leaving thelower half of the space void. But not empty. Nettie knew now what it was that had chilled her blood even while she slept. Peering out from the black hole were a pair of eyes-there was a head belonging to them, but the eyes were all she saw-shining fixedly, like those of a hungry wild beast watching the time to spring; and it was at her they glared, with more and more ferocious intentness as the power of the moon increased, while she lay r like a terror- stricken rabbit in the cage of a boa-constrictor, unable to articulate even the little whisper that would have sufficed to arouse her mate. She knew the eyes belonged to a man and not to a ghost, and felt sure that she and Billy were going to be murdered like poor Lexie, as a penalty for meddling with that ghastly house, and that she would only precipitate the catas trophe if she spoke or moved. The eyes and hers confronted each other during a dozen hammer- strokes of her bursting heart; thena handbecamevisible, cautiously extended; a head followed, craning to right and left; a naked foot stole out of the picture frame, and groped stealthily for the floor. When she saw that, Nettie concluded that the end had come. The spell that had paralysed her faculties seemed to snap and free her, and she uttered a ringing shriek which was an swered by an oath from the mysterious in truder, who had not seen that she was watching him. The sound had not died before Wingato was out of bed, the rector, Abel Rowe, and the constable, stumbling to their feet, be wildered and quaking, all at sea for the moment as to what had occurred. Then the occupants of the haunted chamber heard bare feet slapping thJ floor, the crash of a chair overturned, the thump of a body against the door, the rattle of the handle; and Wingate bawled extitedly, " Look out there! Stop him ! Stop him !" And then to the constable, who bad the revolver, "Don't shoot ! Don't shoot! He can't get out!" Even as he spoke the door was flung I open, and the fugitive was seen running down the passage, where a lighted stable lantern had been placed for the night. Two of the guard, in the condition known as flabbergasted, looked as if they had been knocked backwards and breathless by the flying figure, and were not yet certain if it were flesh and blood or ghost ; but the 1 expression of the rector's face as he darted out of his room was even more astonished and astonishing. All three set off in pur suit as fast as their legs could carry them; and a strange sound it was in the dead of night-the echo, reverberating far and wide, of that hurry-skurry through the hollow house, along the gallery, and down the stairs, where the moon made darkness visible. Because Nettle held him back, praying not to be left alone with that hole'in the wall and its terrifying possibilities, Win gate did not go for a minute or two, buthe spent that minute in helping her into her dressing-gown, and then they followed the chase together. A man in his pyjama suit is already dressed for such emer gencies. The seuffle was over when they appeared upon the scene of action, but a dramatic picture met their eyes as they came into the gallery at the head of the grand stair case, and looked down into the hall The moon and the stable lantern that Wingate held above his head just, and only just, revealed the size and sombre eplendours of the place; the psliceman's .ball's-eye did the rest. Itwas opened upon the.feace of the central figure of the group gathered in I the middle of the paved floor, and that face was the only thing distinct in the vast obscurity. The three men round it were shadows only. One shadow poured wine from a bottle into a cup, another l flitted about with the provision basket; the third presented something to the Rem i bandt face, and it opened unshaven jaws and snatched it wolfishly. "Why, who the dickens is that ?" ex claimed Wingate. " It's all right, Mr Wingate," the rector called to him. " It's Mr George Dessilly. He was locked in by accident on the day of the coming of age, he says, and could not get out." "And he's clean starved," cried Abel Rowe. "There's nothing at all where his stomach ought to be." " He hasn't been without food for a fort night," Wingate whispered to Nottie, as they ran down the stairs together. " And he could have got out at least three days ago, if he had liked." "Look!" she said breathlessly, and pointed to one of the great hall windows. With the moon behind it a figure was dimly visible; a swing of the stable lan tern showed a pair of peering eyes and a white nose flattened upon the glass. "Mr Martin," said Wingate, "?your guest' is walking in her sleep again. She is on the terrace there. Go out very quietly so as not to startle her, which is bad for sleep-walkers, and bring her into shelter, will you P Perhaps she is awake, and looking for her lost husband; if so, you can tell her we have found him." Full of concern for his interesting in valid, the rector bustled towards one of the two archways through which one passed from the hall to the vestibule and porch. Wingate hurried after him and threw.open a leaf of the heavy outer doors. The fresh night came pourisig in, and with it the sound of wheels and horses approaching rapidly, not over the grass but along another road reserved for car riages, entered at a gate near the gate of the Dower House. The master had arrived. ('Is he -on(! n ti. 