Irish News. [Faou the Home PapersuJ The Progress of U nity. Mb. Harrington, M.P., delivered tin address to all classes of nationalists in Belfast on Monday on the subject of Unity. A leading local Parnellite occu pied the chair. Nationalist M.P.s were amongst the audience, . and the pro .ceedings from beginning to end were ; harmonious in the last degree. The organ of Redmondism is not at all satis fied with the proceedings. Having in view the fact that at the outset of the proceedings Mr. Harrington declared that his views as a Parnellite, and from a purely Parnellite point of view, had undergone no change, the Indepewlent is obliged to admit that he " has not can celled his allegiance to Parnellism." It tries to show, however, that Mr. Har rington's movement is a mere worship of what is called " Dillon ism." "All the persons on his platform " were, we are in formed, "Dillonites." This will appear very humorous to the Parnellites of Bel fast whose most prominent man was in the chair, and who were foremost in organising the meeting. Another extra ordinary statement made in the organ of Faction is that Mr. Harrington had to go to Belfast to make a speech, which was a confession that "South of the Boyne, to which he is accustomed, and which is inured to him, he would not have a ghost of a chance." Why, only last week Mr. Harrington delivered himself of the same sentiments in Glanworth, and the Independent attacked him on that occasion on the ground that he should not have spoken about the subject from an evicted tenants' platform. We be lieve there is not a platform in Ireland where Mr. Harrington would not receive a welcome and his pronouncements in favor of Unity be received with en thusiasm. We believe, on the other hand, there are not ten places in Ireland where the pronouncements of the Independent would be listened to without protest. Here is the declaration of the organ of Redmondism on the subject of Unity— " We do not wish," it declares, " need lessly to rake up comparatively old but really recent treacheries and their bane ful results. We do not hesitate, how ever, to say that union with any of the leaders in the Assassination of Mr. Parnell is absolutely impossible. They shall have to get down and out. Against them we declare in the name of the Indepen dent and honorable Irish people every where an implacable and unrelenting war." We should be glad to know if Mr. Red mond fully adopts this statement of his organ. If so, the last word has been said so far as he is concerned. The Irish Party are in favor of unity. They will welcome all Irishmen to form a party on solid foundations, and bind themselves together in common brotherhood on the lines laid down by Mr. Harrington. But if gentlemen insist on taking up the position that they will have no unity until everyone they dislike is expelled from public life, we fear it is they who will have to "get down and out." 