A LADY'S VIEW. SOME REMARKABLE DRESSES. BY VIOLA. Fine feathers make fino birds; and no birds were ever finer than the ones that flocked to Government House last night. For once, too, the faithful chronicler must pause before awarding the palm to the sex that generally rises so superior to the other in the matter of fine clothes. When kings and carls, in all the magnificence of silks and satins, brocades and velvets, come to ruffl ing it with cardinals and bishops in their robes of office, to say nothing of legions of glorious though mythological male creatures, woman may well stare aghast at this whole sale invasion of her territory. It takes an hour, or so for these radiant mortals to feel at home in their unwonted grandeur. By degrees, however, shady corners ' give up their ghosts in the shapes of mighty men with meagre legs clad in silken hose — every one realises that everyone else is looking "a most awful ass," and Mandarins and Figaros, emperors and cow boys, edge into the ballroom,' gaining confidence with every step. Strange that no costume is too bizarre to upset the natural self-poBSession of the endless wives and sisters who began to despair of ever getting their menkind "up to the scratch!" Fancy dress to a woman means carte blanche to make the very best of her recognised good points. The trouble is that nine women out of' ten are all too ignorant in this respect, and till the end of time skinny Gleopatras and all too stout Juliets will share the smiles created by diminutive Duchesses of Gainsborough and five feet ten shepherdesses. The wise woman, .however, falls into no such error. If nature has given her a pink and white skin and mass of flaxen hair, she looks up some adorable heroine who has graced Saxon history, and follows on her lines and in her garments. Be dhe meagre in outline, what joy to feel that not a bone is visible, while there are maids and dames galore who were never ' known to fame in low necked dresses! And the wise women last night mustered in full force. The hearty "Well, I would never have known you!" may be a doubtful compliment, especially when it is supplemented by an equally hearty "You never looked better in your life!" but for all that it is something to feel that by some means at least for once you are treading your little measure as a beauty. Is it the reign of the bicycle that has brought about so much revelling in very cur tailed skirts? Some stolid peasants would surely have blushed to see their womenkind displaying as much ankle as tripped it un concernedly last night. No one seemed hap pier than the Pierettcs, the Mascottcs, the Follys, and the very well grown and varied dancing girl sisterhood, who realised for a few short hours how very, very much the final G inches of our skirts really cost us. Generally speaking, short skirts were the hall mark of well cut and dainty costumes. Tbe lazy woman, who dons a mantilla, and at' the last moment snaps up a. Spanish name, is not really so conscientious an indi vidual as the girl who sets to work to faith fully copy some tricky little outfit she has learned to love on a Gaiety girl, or to reve rence in some pet picture.. It needs a really trim figure to carry off successfully such a costume as one sported, in pure white by one Pierette last night. There were some remarkably good Pagliaccc, mostly in white, and among the Follys one in black and white, brilliant with many sequinB, and crowned by a smart steeple-crowned satin hat, was particularly happy in her choice of costume. Of couree the flags of every nation on earth were brought largely into play — and where a flag does not exist what is there to prevent an ingenious woman from inventing a combination in color to suit herself? Or, failing that, why adopt a color at all? There was no more effective gown in the room than one whose wearer registered her character as The Milk White Flag. Gold re lieved the white, and cunningly lent itself' to a number of charming devices. France lent its colors to a number of pretty mem bers of society. One costume, the skirt of which combined the white and blue in broad silk stripes, left smart red shoes and stockings to provide for the supplementary red, while a dainty fichu of muslin and little cap of the same material, set on a powdered head, must have appealed to even the most critical of Frenchmen. Galateas and Niobcs were both in demand among the classically featured, and to a certain extent among a type that fails to come under that 'heading. Both characters are subject to a ; massive drawback— a smiling Btatue is as big a mis take as a cheerful Misery, and to spend a stolid evening is the aim of no woman, be she never so conscientiously anxious to do her "character" justice. The pre-arranged sets were a . perfect, relief in the surging masses of colors. Very thoroughly were they carried out, and as each anxious. lady who had the responsi bility of a given set on her shoulders got her little party into order the brilliant army of outsiders would close round to note the effect. The large house party at Go vernment House rose most artistically to the occasion. Lady Brassey's gown was one of the most effective in the room, suiting its wearer to perfection. The charming little heralds who ushered the vice-regal party into the ballroom created quite a small sen sation. in spite of the numbers present, dancing was a comparatively easy matter. The Shakspearian set had certainly the best of it as regards the size of the field in which its supporters were able to garner becoming costumes. Unfortunately the average man in doublet and hose tends to suggest the waxworks. In this case the suggestion, though slight, was existent, and the ladies had the best of it in their cos tumes, between which and those of the modern ballroom there is not such a gulf fixed. No set was prettier than the hunting set, for all its lack of historical foundation, and with all its clement of pure' fnncifulness. The white satin skirts, caught, up in habit fashion — or rather, in not-habit fashion!— on a substantial button. The smart scarlet' Eton coats opened over white satin waist coats, surmounted by pretty little jabots in fine lace. The black velvet hats, with their plumes resting on powdered hair, were uni versally becoming. The men. played their part in the set more happily than usual, the touch of nature making them far more at home in their garments than looked the majority of masqueraders. It was this same touch of nature that made nearly all the wearers of kilts look as though they were treading their native heather. A fine looking fraternity were these Scotsmen, who mustered uncommonly strong, arid, clad in their respective tartans; made mere woman marvel as to the reason modern men lost so lightly the few becoming dresses that arc theirs by right. Talking of things belonging to folk . by right, no woman in the room wore more magnificent garments than those worn by the one real princess present. Her ankles, arms and ngek .were clasped by jewelled bands so lovely in themselves that one al most forgot to notice how exquisite was the gold embroidery of her satin gown. Her head was veiled in pink gauze, draped round a quaint head dress. The prince, who accompanied her, must have smiled at the numerous spurious and counterfeit imita tions among his fellow guests. It only needed some Arab Sheik to the manner born to walk in to help him compare notes as to the marvellous things the Anglo-Saxon can accomplish when he sets out ,to borrow foreign plumage. The prince's garments were simplicity itself compared with those donned by sbam Indian princes. The troubles that- beset those who man fully and womanfully upheld the Oriental set lay in the fact that any coloring matter that stays on is pretty sure to stay on indefi nitely; and coloring that comes off, especi ally when that color happens to be of a particularly tawny description, is calculated to make its wearers of all men most' miser able. The public, however, who appeared with faces neither black nor brown, were all more or less lost in admiration of this par ticular set. To the ladies who took part in it it was particularly kind ; and neither Solomon in all his glory or the- Queen 'of Sheba herself ever looked more resplendent than did some of the folk who relied on Indian silk and sequins to enhance their natural charms. Talking of men of darker dye, the few tall' men who figured as Arabs struck particularly happy notes in the general scheme. No costume is more becoming to the ordinnrily well made . man — the thinner the better. The graceful white drapery contrasting with the swarthy skin was calculated to appeal to every lover of contrasts. Turks and Neapolitan, fisher men invariably ensure a large following, and in several cases last night so thoroughly complete were these costumes in detail that their wearers looked infinitely superior to the genuine article. A Royal Divorce, no leEs than the Sign of . the Cross, was very evidently largely accountable for some of the best gowns worn. Mercia is undoubted ly an utter failure in the ballroom, and though Julius Knight might well have blushed for some of the Marcus Supcrbi present, there were one.or two decidedly suc cessful in their efforts to emulate the hero of the play. The ladies of the first Napo leonic court were, for the most part, well done. Very few affected the decidedly risky Empire bonnet, and where this item was carefully let alone the costume was distinctly becoming. There were, many French officers in all , the glorious array those officers were wont to don. It is prac tically hopeless for a woman to hope to look well in a ballroom as cither a nurse or a house maid. The good , old army was in full force nevertheless. Policemen, too — to keep the house maids in countenance pre sumably — looked "their parts to perfection. Friars and monks were well to the fore, effectually lost to the world under cowls that absolutely disguised every one of them. The Wattcau set might have danced in a sylvan glade to the. tune of a shepherd's pipes had it not been for the fact that glades are apt to be muddy, and no local shepherd's pipe -would- have been good enough to dance to. The dainty richness of their costumes was refreshing after the heavy grandeur of some more resplendent groups. They were all in the palest pos sible shades, and for general effect un doubtedly bore the palm. -The powdered hair that can transform a woman beauti fied the men in the Watteau set to an in calculable degree. The mythological set was no easy thing to put before the public. Men- wax idiotic when the idea of clothing them in gar ments neither they nor any other '-'man have seen 'is brought into question. Neither does the average man figure well'as a Greek god — or any other vnriety. He means well, but he is so everlastingly conscious of his legs that mythology gets most hopelessly mixed with the manners and tones of so ciety in this year of grace, 1897. A well-known figure in the dress of a Yeo man of Guard dwarfed other ambitious beef eaters, while he exemplified well the advan tages of donning only one color. Portia, in bright red cloth, preached the same homily. When it comes to caps and gdwns, however, except in the case of a few enterprising Portias, the lazy woman stands- condemned. They had their punishment, however. Gowns are warm, and caps are the reverse of convenient, and even their becomingness does, not recompense their wearers for their drawbacks. The number of . men in Wat teau costumes points to the, hankering the sternersex has in his heart of hearts towards butterfly hues. Nature has been cruel indeed to the man who failB to look well in well cut garments of daintily figured silks and satins, to say nothing of a really be coming wig. Celestials appeal to the same love for bright colors,- and China men of the heights, represented by buttons and peacock feathers, were well represented. In this department came some perfectly charming little Japan ese girls, one armed with a parasol and doll making a quite delightful representative of the land of the chrysanthemum. Jfephisto- philes, as usual, was not wanting, though the majority of them paled beside the splen dors of a vivid red witch armed with the historic broom. Taking one thing with an other, it is open to question if a more bril liant pageant has ever been enacted in the Government House ballroom than the one in , which, not only representative Melbourne, but a very large number of visitors, took part last night. Certainly- fancy, dresses have never got more conscientious treat ment, and those present are likely to re member the occasion as one of particular interest. 