The Contributory Constituent. Ev ery boy and girl in the beautiful suburb of Rosel awn was ready to bleed and die for the Rev. Henr, jr Suydam De Forest whenever he so demandbd. In his comparatively recent college days he had been ? captain of the 'vareity football team — and a victor ions team, at that ; he had been on a bicycle tour a 11 over Europe ; he had been banqueted and toaste d more than usually falls to the lot of young elerpv men : and in nnifa nf all thia ha formly modest and companionable, and not above taking an interest in the pursuits of a simple school ^girl lib e Dorothy. Whe. a he caire to RoEelawn he brought with him ?a prett; r wife. Dorothy had fallen down' and wor shipped both o£ thqrn, metaphorically, with a high school f jirl's extravagant enthusiasm, and after a while th ey had invited her to go with them to the oity and visit the ' college settlement,' which had been est abliBhed for the improvement of a noto riously d lsreputabls part of the city. As she was an uncommonly impressionable girl, she retui ned homo in a state of upliftedness. She poured 01 it upon the family, at dinner, such a volume of eloque nee on ' congested districts,' ward poli tics, and j garbage inspectors that their ears ached. That was. Dorothy's way. She never did things by halves — ei jpecially talking. \'TJp to tl ais time Bhe had been somewhat undecided in h8r pl hns for a podt-collegiate career. Her favourite project had been to devote herself to science anc I discovers comet, but she now announced that she meant to take up ' settlement' work. She -had c levieed a plan, she said, whereby she could crow d her Freshman and Sophomore years into .one, a ad thus hasten the day when Ehe could, as Tom saidl, begin her a'lumming. ' What li ne of slumming will you take' np ?' in quired'lTom.. ?? 'Oh, lots of things,' responded Dorothy, waving her. 3iand vBieuely. ' Sing, you know, and nurse the siok, and — atid te&oh; cooking classes— w A shout o f derisicn went up from the group around -the tiible, and Miss Dorothy retired behind her napkin. But soon ehe emerged, undaunted. X ?don fc ca re if you.-do laugh ! It's' persecution but I can.atacid it. All great souls hare to endure persecution. Aud I have subscribed twenty dol lars, I !d like T'om to know. We are to have a con tributony.conailituency in Roselawn.' ? ' Whew.!' said Tom. ' That's handsome. Not that I bno.w what a contributory constituency iB. But it inbound to do more good than the cooking lessons. Witfero is your fcwentv dollnm t-n ™,„n j from ?' I ',Poor PaP11 wi'l be the victim,' laughed Doro j ithy s mother. ! But poor ;pnpa looked op from his coffee .and j -Baid, with attwinkle in his eye, 'Not a cent from ?me, Dorofchy.dear. Mr. De Forest levied a heavy , tax upon sne a week ago. I have affiliated with ( itbafc settlement as far as my incotnB will permit.' f Tom chuckled, while Dorothy arose and de ( lOlaimed, with. more zeal that manners: ?' |I don't s.Bk. ar.ybody to help. me ! I have twenty ?dollars that A-uqt May gave me on my birthday. It .wus for a white silk parasol;! Maybe you don't pbmk a paraftsl is. much ; but i ;.'h some sacrifice/' 'The window's, mite couldn't hold a candle to l t), asserted Toi^r. soothingly, .Dorothy's pother smiled gently. 'Tour leffc b and is weil isfonued of youc right hand's deed, T otPfOaxshb to kave said, Dorothy./1 ehe observed. w Wfill, now. I am nrrwinj nf YV1TT nanav/Min da ug-hter,' inte*prSed Mr. Olaey, .patting his last boiTtt lovingly on tfcbe- head. 4.?bis joade Dorothy.glow with higli resolves al ways (to do noble deeds — so simple a matter did the aactifice'of the white silk parasol seem iust then. J It w as the next aioraiag that Mrs.nOlney said she wan pcckint; her travelling bag for a two day's visit ⁢ her brother's, — 'iDorothy, I want to remind you to .take your twenty dollais over do Mr. De Forest at .once. There is no occasion for delay, and you are so forgetful, you know.' ' It iimi't .payable until August,' objaetad Doro ,thy. ? ' That /nakeB no diffaraneo,' urged her mother. ' Though I don't Bee why you did not make it pay able at once.' Dorothy wae .deeply engaged in tying her shoe, and made no reply to this, until her mother lnnfenrt around suddenly with suspicion. 'Well,' faltered Dorothy, feebly, ' I ,, didn't think there ueed be such a greet hurry/' Her mother continued to look at her inquiringly. ' If J wait till August/' proceeded Dorothy,, pre- tending to be very much engrossed with her shoe string,'' why, there may be — some — some other way, you know. Maybe I shall nqfc — not — havo to .give up—the parasol/' *' Dorothy 1' 'Mamma,' cried Dirothy, rushing to her side. ™u ?u.'iiutt upon ner wirn penitance, ' If you will stop looking like that, 'I'll got the monoy and walk straight to the De Forests'.' ' That will be the safest thing to doj' responded, her mother, somewhat .mollified, .as she centlv' .pushed her from tlie roonj. Truly, Dorothy innant to walk straight to tho JJe 1 ores.ts ; bizc as she was pinning on her hat J-om appeared, asking Dorothy to find his music Mr him and accompany him while he practised, ?tto had a half-holiday from business. Tom had to be humoured. By and by it was time for Doro thy to take her mother to the train in the pony cart. So, v/hat with this and that, tho subscription svaa not paid tbat day. The same evening Betty Scovil came fco see Dorothy. They sat in the hammock, which swayed inaer a big maple, and there in the moonlight thev 1,100 nsciounlv t.lnf.f-.Bd nnrntliV. ? JJ..11 J ' Mamma is going to take Msmio and mo to the Edft-erton a lawn-party to-morrow .afternoon,' said Bett„v. 'They are going to have 'As You Liko It playo'd on the lawn, for the benefit of something or oihe*. She has four tickets, and wants you to go with as if your father is willing. 'Oh, /oy!' Dorothy exclaimed. 'Ho will let me, How very, very good of your mother I Thank you so muoA, Betty. What are you to wear f' '' Well,' replied Betty, with a Jong sigh of bliss, I have my r^se coloured silk all ready, with shoeB, stockings and everything to match. And my para sol ia a dream.' Dorothy's hearfr gave a throb. In tbe strictest senso of the word 8 h©* too, btid a dream of o para* sol— that was all it h'mounted to. Had it no,fc been, i for that .settlement subscription— 'Okf 'K? Bee what my father likes best.' 1 11 ant' e fa id ^ or/ manUkV « t?'63 her father' SS4 hiS daU*hter over the' top oTCs ^ fanYtdI Vo°ul£S| Hk ttUement This was so uncommonlv firm o r._ r,. happVned1otakl^i8prt to ^^-tand how he bed nnde?theBiSfll°Und^ imPrea0ed- She creptto her 0t m'ngled desires to ieet as well Bufthn l 1°n8.''and t0 buy the Parasol, stalked through her dreaCas^ a 1° the ™?aiTy' all night. areams as a long, white ghost the d°ftin^tv,ren0°n BhVpteatl °»t °n her bed !i„7 yt^ u g0WC and lts accessories, prepara tory tomaking her matinoe toilet. It was prettv just tho thing for a lawn fSte, if she only, had a beautiful parasol to tilt across her shoulder. Ah, StL ST'', ad, °!tea hbard tbQfc ft temp tation, if faced squarely, would flee, and it oc curred to her, that it might be well to g0 down to ' y?® 'tote and face that parasol squarely She would satisfy herself, besides, that the price InA I f tf a matter of course, she went; and she brought the temptation home with her 50SJ-«K dollars and was.juBt a fluff of lace and chiffon and ribbons. The Scovils told her that she looked like a beauti ful picture, and really, among all the gaily dressed aftePrnooT, thBaW the Mimic Forost of Arden that 1™' there was not a prettier little woman. One never would have guessed to what a low moral plane she had sunk in securing this pleasant effect. actfvitrbeTeensceTs?6 ^ 'P an in™ni[;nt Tom was lounging on the hall sofa when Doro thy returned, .and she perceived that her father was entertaining a caller in tbe library adjoining. hani?'' demanded Tom. iS that * thy Ii,y'Whit0 Dorothy looked embarrassed. ' Who ib here she asked. „ '(?e^H9,nry Suydan? r,° forest. He is looking P.. « m oalLawi1 contributory. constituency.' 0 lorn 1 gasped Dorothy, sinking down beside mm, quite pale. 1 knew you'd do it,' commented Tom, eying the parasol. 'Now just Btep in there and confess, filing yourself on the floor and say, ' Father, I have Binned ! Make me as one of thy hired servants/ ' ' ' whispered Dorothy, tremulously. .Listen ! they. are talking about me.' Her father's voice was quite distinct. ' Tes ' he was saying, tenderly, 'Dorothy is a child of the most generous impulses. She has her little vanities, like all girls ; but it is gratifying, the way she denies herself the indulgence of them. My Dorothy seems, a very womanly :girl to me. lam ^fttle laugh t0 aU^B'' '®e gave aa apologetic 'I was particularly pleased,' returned Mr. De Forest, warmly, ' with her subscription to the settlement fund. She takes an intelligent interest in a movement which would attract few girlB of her age. I think we may all safely .be blind to Doro ? hall the girl's brown head was buried ? in the sofa pillow, while her poor little body writhed in an anguish of remorse. Over this unhappy Bpectacle Tom was expressing, in dumb show, his satisfaction in the situation. ' They're coming,' he whispered suddenly. ?Flee to the garret ! Take your ill-gotten finery along.' J Dorothy .had barely time to escape, as -3;^ Tom, when her father and his guest appeared. A few minutes later Mr. Olney. entered the dining-room to find only Tom seated in solemn state at the dinner-table. 1 Where can Dorothy be ?' he inquired, in sur prise. ' Suiely it is paBt time for her fco beat home. 'The contributory constituent,' said Tom, serenely, ' is at home. She has gone^to her room. ?Probably she will uot.be down to dinnet, ns Bhe is —indisposed.' Tom was above telling tales. 'Well,' said .her father, 'I suppose Bhe ate in digestible stuff at the lawn-party. No doubt ber mother will be .sorry that I allowed her to go. Nancy, just step to her^room, will you, and see if Nancy found 'the - contributory constituent,' divested of her white frock, prostrate on a rug by the window. Yet sho did not seem to bo Buffering from pangs of indigestion ; and she waved aside all suggestion of tea and. comfort with stoical indiffer ence. So Nancy retreated. What really was Dorothy's trouble wp^ an attack of honest shame. She began to.tbink that she al ways had been thoughtless and selfish. No doubt her mother had known this all the while. But there waB her dear father and there was Mr. De Forest— Bhe had deceived both of them with her fine talk ! She wished that she -eould mend matters ; but one's character cannot be mended in a Bingle night. Still, if there was a way to pay her subscription, by means of some quite heart-breaking sacrifice, perhaps such an atonement would be accepted, both in Heaven and on earth, for the purchase of the parasol. _ As Bhe was dressing for breakfast the next morn «.K a uijjjui, iu™ puppuu into ner nead, and she flew down-stairs to warn Tom that all was well. I 1 j® would see that she could hold her own, after f I all. It was a remarkable plan— nothing less than a sale of her school-boobs, urnn-u- nf I friends had sold their old school-books to incoming students at the beginning of the year. When the books were well preserved they brought a eood price. Dorothy had kept all of hers; she loved her books. In one corner of her chamber was a well filled case which Bhe called her library. Each book was dated, numbered and entered in her catalogue with elaborate care. Hor high- school text-bookB were all .tbere, in an excellent condition, and made quite an array. She remembered that they bad cost her father no small outlay. To sell ;.tbem would bo liko selling a piece of one s self, but the greater the sacrifice the better. She estimated their value, to the best of her mem ory, and concluded that moro than eighteen dollars could be realized from their sale. Of course no ono in Roselawn would want second-hand school-books in midsummer, but Dorothy knew of an establish ment in the. city where they wero bought and sold 1 tno year round. There was tho market for her. She could think of no way to carry the bookB ex cept in a large satchel. She found one, after much searching, in the gariet. It wa3 a shabby old affair, bulged out. of Bhape, and unequal to' the feat of standing erect. However, appearance was not -to be considered;: .so she waited until hsr father .and Tom had taken their train, and then she bngan packing in hot haste— delay might involve failure! ?ine noolts hlled their receptacle, except space enough for one extra volume. She decided that she must take as many as possible, to cover the expense of the trip'. So what could sho add to her burnt offering ? The tears rolled down her cheeks as she took from the shelf her copy of 'Little Women,' tho best- loved of all her library,' and heroically tucked it into tho satchel. Dorothy had finished her second yeajf; in tho high school; but she was still a little girl at heart. People on the morning train from Roselawn stared at' tho snrimm li+.hlo wnmnn i into tho car, bearing a heavy old satchel which con trasted oddly with its trimly dressed owner. The street-oar people in the city stared, too, but Doro thy bent her eyes downward and tried not to mind. When she- rc-ached the bookstore she found that it had been nsoved two blocks farther down the street; so she was forced to walk that distance and carry her satchel, ao her profits must not be dissi pated in car-fare. During her progress down the street tho satchel l^&de; lunges every minute or so and struck somebody, which caused Dorothy to ! flush with distress. Tha book company wera on the fourth floor ; aud Dorothy took the elevator, g lad to escape from the 'free'1. She soon found herself in a large, dimly lighted room, yery disorderly, .and pervaded with the musty odour of old books. A long counter was nnm't1? i™ aecond-hand volumes, papers and books wpki £ h gh pile3 of dusfcy. yellow-leaved .&:»? t0 }'? wen everywhere— on the floor, the enelves, the window-ledges. n®Tral,cl't8 were wandering among the debris. ?QrP^°ard D°rothy and looked up. She put ^ a «« t 00 e ?00r and W0Dt t0 meBt him. ' I have o£ books whioh I would like fco leave here, ,f you want to buy them,' she faltered. irnshed 'he dust from his hands upon his fnUot018 and..atePPed over fco the satchel, which had fallen upon its side. This yours?' he questioned. in^10'tily nod.d?d- Her heart was going pit-a-pat in anxious anticipation. th^mVnf^fi?^811 tBk9 °nt the b00ks 8nd Btftok in£ whPnn 'h® .counter. They made a bravfl ahow_ 'TifMw m Place. He eyed them critically. „„o ,tla Women orowncd the pile, and Dorothy which1 turn h-er head aw®y to hide lhe tearB Thl L^yt00™ 'n farewell to her old friend, ine clerk felt no emotion, however. He drew from !c'tiratoethaava?uee':bj°k ^ ^ begaU t0 ,BeII°, Ga,H°o.' thirty-five centB; History of England, twenty- five.' hc'B fi«ures- and she stared in t^p mn^i b lh,lrty:flve ceats for ' Cre-ar !' Did tne man know what it cost ? . 'Here is my list of tbe original prices' she interposed gently. « I wrote it down for you.' and smiled. mere'^ S^eed at her neat little slip 'Prices change,' he remaiked. 'Besides thptm Urneued0tnt^-lateSt ed!ti0DS- Now thiOhe con tinued, picking up 'Little Women,' »iB worth nothing much to u?. I'll allow you twentv-fl^e cents for it. Want to sell it?' twenty nVe take^hoJ?!'' 2d ,Dorotl-yJ 'I'' sell it. I'll not £jme * There must be no wavering this be'lt1r1thKfnnr'^and thf c,ert- ' The whole lot will W„ w u 'rr8 U UB' Hare's the money.' fchfm V1' f-0UrA'lver dollars' and took ! H having the satchel to its fate. Pour dollars— that was whatshehad realized ! Deducting taki?8 the two dollars she had0 ,eDft Il e wmilfl rn Malterth0pUrohaBooE the Parasol, to M? T-» w a l6 t0l)ay fivn dollara and fifty cents ou Forest on her account. thfnb!nwalfe.dveuy f8sfc a11 the io the train, not unha^!°f 1Un°.he°n 01 street'car«- She was too w 1° cry 0D tho way home. Once, !? t, °L ?, 8 burned their way out of her eyes when she thought of the barren book-shelveS iu uer aear library. ? is? s -sar' *°'u' in J.hMreV^t6^ gentleman was in his atudy, writ ing, Mrs. De ForeBt was sewing in a low chair bv his side. She told Dorothy that she was diligently £EK? 'Th i,r7il°S her husband's train of 7 y both 'ere delighted to see their visitor, and gave no token of surprise at her sorrow 1 tug wuuieuaace. I She seated herself on a haBsock and related, 7o fhTZiT?' ' h6,r taie; She omi«ed reference L\ u r t U9 Balf ot her book8. merely Baying that Bhe had been able to raise four dollars to add B°lk paarasorm a ' the PurohaEO o£ the white Sh? handed the money to Mr. De Forest. Then to depart, but her face looked bo haggard that Mrs. De Foreat broke out ? 0vprDfwh;V'hild\ doJn't £a '? Why- Jook i« over that affair And what if the subscription never is paid ? Henry, I am surprised at you for eXSewLDg lfc ! PU ouffht to have known better.' T'umyxear' ,exP°sulated her husband, 'I don t Bee how I can be blamed.' 'You.are to blame,' pronounced Mrs.DeFore«fc imvi nll7r^ u°U?d Dor?,thyj 'you never should have allowed her to consider that subscription an StSk i.'1,.!1',8 thing!' And she gave ?; -thy a 'S8', nlllle her husband sank back in bis chair, utterly routed. „(-^,he«.thB b°^k sall) and ifcs caua® became known ' thP n r yB* t,hTere 'ns a considerable division on j 2 Z' , .* promptly proposed to pay 'b®eot™ subscription, buy back the books, and present Dorothy with a pound of chocolate caramels, lorn advised a month of bread and water in a cell, as proper sentence for the prisoner. But Mrs. Olney said;: ' Nn. inriaaj? t TV ? J.1 ? i-_tt ?_ . . _ _ ''f; ? ~'«utuy b 11 nil ao as She has decided, ^°r.es, Wl11 extend the time, and she can pay the balance, by careful economy, in three or four months. She can save the whole amount in tliat time by denying herjelf little luxuries. It will t\ only sen Bible plan to pursue.' nf, °r°thy faithfully adhered to this arrangement. Often she found it hard to do ; but when she made her last payment; a week after the following ThankB. struggle felt m°re than repaid for her hard She visited the settlement: in f.Vio 1 — ? ? I of her victory, and she sang ' Little Boy Blue' at the evening meeting of the Woiking Girls' Club. It was a glorious evening. When she oame home she even looked at her despoiled book-shelves with honeet satisfaction. She never dreamed tbat ChristmaB morning she would fiwalro fcrt Tin/1 ..11 i _ ? , » « ® l.j , j — , , ?''' ^11 leuueu wicn ner own | old loved and lost, even to 'Ctesar' himself, who would stand there quite a*, of yore, giving no sign ot having once moro beon knocked down for thirtv hve cents in a dusty old book- shop. Nor could she have conceived that her sensible mother would be the only guilty-loaking person when questioned; nor that Tom would thrust bis bands into his pockets aud observe, with deep philosophy : ' Contrary to human experience, the more you put your foot into it, Dorothy, the more you seem to have been rewarded.'' 