I WIT AND HUM0UB. Casting Swine Before Pearls — Giving your best girl a ham sand wich. Chump ; ' Yes, I shall die in har ness,' Kute— 4 And a donkey-cart 1' Cross Purposes — Attempts to get on the other side of thc road in a crowded thoroughfare. Short. — Jimple— ' Have you got a yard dog ? ' Waggle — ' No, its only about a foot.' What is the difference between a ; special train and a contractor's busi ness ?— One is a grade of train, the other is a trade of grain. He — ''Do you think we could row through life together ?' She — ' No, I fear we should only tow through life together 1' The stingiest man ever heard of was old Grindley, who wonld not even afford himself the luxury of a laugh except at another man's expense. ' Yes, dearest, it « like you,' he said, gazing at the portrait which had just been hung in the dim'ng Toom ; but it seems .strangely still !' The Physical Research Society is still very active in its investigation into spooks. Evidently it has no intention of giving up the ghost. She (sentimentally) — ' Do you believe that a person can only have one real love in his or her life ?' Mr. Sappy — ? I do, indeed j I've proved it myself several limes !' She (angrily) — ' I shall sue you for breach of promise, sir ! ' Brief less Barrister!—' Thank goodness ! I shall have a case at last ! ' Mr. Stayont — ' They say the morning air is very good for one dear.' Mrs. Stayout (severely) — I'm very sure that three oclock morning air isn't ! ' ' I'm always glad when father's on beat ; ain't you Bill ?' ' No, that I ain't,' said Bill in strict confidence ; ' if my father was your father, you'd find him too bloomin' big about the hands.' Mrsjenne Villiers— ' We've been without a cook for a week.' Mrs Ponsonby Jones — ' Did Mary leave because you kept the key of the 6tores ?' Mrs Jeune Villiers — ' No, my dear. Because I padlocked my Humber when we went to Brighton for the season.' Magistrate (to constable)—' Is anything known against the prisoner constable ?' Prisoner (shouting)/) — ' In course there is ! I never treats the bobbies ! ' It is a little paradoxical that 'high ,words ' should so often consist of ' low language ' while on the other hand, it is somewhat euphemistically to describe swear words as ' cursory remarks.' A contemporary offered a prize for the most suitable name for the coming universal motor car. Every body has sent in the- same word it was the ' hopeless carriage.' Mr. Skinflint — ' Yes, it's true that an Englishman's honse is his castle.' Mrs S. (sourly) — ' Well where's the keep to your castle ; you half starve us ?' | Customer — ' What have you got tender to-day, waiter ? ' Waiter | (under notice of leave) — ' Well, sir I think the soup's pretty tender, but that's about all.' Surlcy Customer (growling to , waiter) — ' What are you hanging about for ? Looking for a tip I suppose -' Waiter — ' No, I was looking for a gentleman, bat I can't see him.' Knocking George Washington into fits — Office Boy — ' Please, sir, can I have the afternoon off?' Gov ernor — 'Goingtoyour grandmother's funeral, I suppose ?' Office Boy — No, sir ; I want to see the football match.' PICKING IT. 1 A fellow-feeling makes U6 wondrons kind ' So Shakespeare snys. bat I intend to mock it ; M etbink. far otherwise yon'd be to find A fellow feeling in yoor coat-tail pocket 1 Mr. Boozer (to Mrs B. at three a.m.) ' I'm a dishgrace to s'ciety ; I makes your lifh a perfec' mis'ry ; pity you ever — (hie) — married me, 'shetrer, 'shetrer. Now lemme sleepsh in peace I ' At a Metropolitan Railway station Going up the steps, Jenkens, of course is caught in the eye : by the spike of an umbrella held in the usual dangerous way by Lurcher. Lurcher (turning round, and scratch ing somebody else's eye with the spike) — '1 beg pardon, really !' Jenkens — ?' Don't mention it. I still Have one eye left' It is generally unwise to call a man a fool. He may be foolish enough to quarrel about it. ' Fisherman's Luck ' — When he can find some one who believes him. There is nothing more profitable than disinterested enthusiasm to people who know how to work it. Prison Librarian : ' What sort of book would you like to have ?' Convict: Got any bicycle. -cat- j alogues ?' '? The marriage of the*, star and leadihg -lady has been declared ;oft I bear.' 11 Yes ,* they couldn't agree' as to whose name should be first on tne wedding invitation.4 Cynic : ' I can't see why a man who is happy when single should ever marry.' Friend : ' He never does.' Deila Ware; ' Do you believe in the Biblical admonition of giving a kiss for a blow, Mr. Westside ?' Weslside : 'Well — er— thatdepends. Miss Ware. How hard are you going to strike.roe ?' ' I've about; decided to give up the study of law. I fear TU find it too confining.' * Oh,' keep on 1. You'll soon be admitted to the.bar, ? and then- you won't have anything to do.' How long Blioutd lovers know Each other ere they marry ? Wait till they know each other. And they'll for t-vcrtnrry. The Bride : ' I'm so worried about Fred's cold I' Her Mother : ' Still, the majority of- cases -of cold in the head terminate; favourably.' ? So Dorothy is not goin to marry Mr. Scrymser ?' 'So; she kept talking to him aboutbooks he hadn't read, and he jgot irritated and broke the engagenpent';,: 