A MISSING OPERA BONNET. " Von don't intend to say that you are going-you r" and handsome little Mrs. Hearne glanced up scornfully at the girl who had paused in the open dmrw.iy. Tall, straight, and lovely, her sleek hlacl; bead held high, ami with mocking laughter in her splendid givy eyes, Gwyneth Randolph looked back at ber questioner. " I -even I-intend to say that I am going to the opera with Mrs. Silester's illustrious party. Don't you see that I am arrayed for the distinguished occasion in my very best bib and tucker, with rings on ray fingers and bells on my t es, with my inmost soul intent on conviviality and conquest she answered in her sweet blithe young voice. Belle Hearne staved nt her with cold, dissatisfied severity. " I should like to know whore you got that gown !-" .Mrs. Hearne remarked un- pleasantly. " 1 am sure you never told me anything about getting it." Miss Randolph swept ber shimmering train across the threshold, and. with ecstatic little nods and twists, surveyed her daz/.ling reflection in tho ancient mahogany-mounted choval-gliss at one end of the room. " 1 never told you." she repeated, with prompt concession as she craned her lovely neck to get a view of the white satin rib- bon knitted at the back of her slim waist. "Of course not ! Learning to keep a secret is an important part of a woman's education-at least, if there is a possi- bility of her becoming the better half of an ambassador or consul, don't you know. How many thrones have toppled, bow many crowns have been set awry, just becausef some statesman's wife had be- trayed her hush md's stratagems i-" Belle Hearne's handsome black eyes, snapped viciously. Her sudden pallor showed through the costly French powder, and her rouge was more than evident. "If you expect to capture Maurice Lis penard you will be disappointed," she de- claimed frigidly. " He doesn't want any giddy, flighty chit of a girl for his wife. He wants an accomplished woman with ex- perience in society, and who will under- stand bow to entertain the potentates of all nal ions. The way you talk of hun is pos i t i v< » 1 y i n deco rou s.' ' "My dear fídie, I really don't think 1 mentioned Mr. Lispenard's name at all," protested Gwyneth, bestowing a sweet smile of tantalising unconcern upon the ruffled lady. One last radiant look at the reflection of that lovely vision in white satin and place- less old lace, and Gwyneth turned back toward her own chamber. " Have you a bonnet suitable to wear with all that ridiculous finery :-"' Mrs. Hearne queried in her severest tones. ?'Oil, haven't I, though." laughed merry Gwyneth. "A chapeau ><'opera as dainty a = a humming bird's crest. A confection to ravish the souls of men and distract the dear ladies with envy. A gem and a triumph in silver braid, with an aigrette like a spray of crystallised dewdrops, and with the cutest little amethyst velvet bow perking over my left ear. A dream-a harmony '.-a thing of beauty and a joy for nu evening." With the merry, mocking laughter bub- bling over ber lovely lips, Gwyneth entered her own chamber and crosse i over to her dressing bureau, whore she had placed the new opera bonnet. But it was not there. Not a sign, not a trace of it was visible. " And in the whole house there isn't a single person who could have touched it," Gwyneth said to herself in bewilderment, .lust then she heard a curious, whisking sound somewhere outside her open windows. . At the same moment sile saw something -was.it a ghost or imp, beast or human, shadow or substance:--vanish through an open casement of an adjoining house. The two houses were separated by a space only some twenty inches in width and that particular casement was ten or mow*.feet below her own windows. As she gazed down into the narrow chasm sin* felt more bewildered than before. . Surely she could have seen no living thing! What she heard must have been a little fitful gust of wind. And the vagrant breeze, most likely, had whisked her un- lucky opera bonnet through the window, and had whirled it downward in au impish frolic, until it had finally fluttered into the open casement below. Gwyneth dropped into the nearest chair. Her delicate chin began to quiver. There was a big lump swelling in her lovely white throat. So that was the end of her glorious an- ticipations : ¡ .Thc«» could be no opera for her that night. After all the triumph of discovering grandmamma's old court dresses in that big. quaint trunk in the garret : after ali that whole week's planning, and fitting. ..m 1 stitching: after fill har dre mis of de lig ;t, sh . nr.i=t stay at hom - : Oh, it was t ) > had ! And there wasn't a bit of use trying to rec «vor the bonnet. That palatial mvn-io:i next door was empty, just as it had he;*n tï.r a year or more. And even if she oui 1 get tin* bonnet in tim«-, even if such a thing w¿re possible, it would bp ruine 1 by that ignominious descent between t'.iose mu gb an«l «lusty walls. .She must stay at home. That was decree.I ami inevitablo! Helli? Hearne's shrill, tr*»in tones pene- trated her sivlu.sion. .. Aren't ycu ready yet. Gwyneth!' The cirriage lias arr.v«»d. I do wi-h you would, hurry," Mrs. Hearne calle 1 to her. And then the handsome lirtlf widow pushed asid«* the /»ort! (Viv of shabby tapes- try a .«I state J at ber in surprised annoy- ance. " Well, ««f all things 1 Here you are without even your bonnet «ni, while t':e earriagt; is wait ing." she exclaimed crossly. '. I'm n««t going," Gwyneth replied des- perately. " A nie«? proceeding at the eleventh hour! 1 should like to know why !-'" sniffed the other. '. Because, I'm no', going. Isn't that sufficient.- " Gwyneth retorte 1. And she emphasised her " woman's reason" by a petulant stamp of one dainty little foot. " Perhaps it's just as w.di." murmured the lady " I quite dreaded tliat you migb ? mortify me before Mr. Lispeaard, by making som«' imbecile jest about our poverty, «r sjui -thiug. And I do .'t mind Pboto l)v 1?. Dnvvan Albany. Al/ANY. confessing that tlie gentleman is a great .leal inure to me than a friend." < Gwyneth was too crushed to attempt any of her wonted merry raillery, and when her cousin had departed, and the sound of hoofs and wheel* lnul echoed away in the distam v. she let a few glittering salt te ns drip mihi idered down her lovely Hushed cheeks. Mr. Maurie* Lisp-marl was sitting be- fore his fir.* of fragrant, resinous hemlock woo I. which crackled and hissed in the library grate as only a s*eti -n of hemlock log can do. The house was very silent, and its sole illumination was that from the silver student's lamp on the desk beside him. and from the cheery bia/.* of the grate fire. He had purchased the mansion only a short time before, andas yet tin* library was the only habitable quarter. "I wonder if Mrs. Silester's opera party is worth while ?" he pondered, as with one shapely white hand he pulled lazily at the corners of his golden moustache. *' I don't know that I care to.be annexed hythe little widow Hearne !-those black eyes of hers remind ino almost too forcibly of my snapping, spitting, hemlock fire-it's very pretty as a spectacle, but too much of it would be uncomfortable'." .lust then there was a thud, a wisking sound and a noisy chatter from an adjoin- ing room. The next instant a nimble brown monkey bound** I through the do n-and perched it- self on the desk beside LispenarJ. <'anted jauntily upon one side «if its ugly, silky-haired black head w.is an exquisite opera bonnet. Lispenard leaned Iraak in bis ch iii- and laughed until the great, empty, lonely house.rang with his mirth. " Ho, Nappy, you have be^n running away again, have you i- And on this expedition you have covered yourself with the glory of a lady's bonnet, instead of capturing your usual assortment of live stock-like puppies and guinea pigs and albino rats. Upon my word. Nappy, you are a worse brigand than your illustrious predecessor, who plundered all Europe," the young man commente 1. The animal grume I and gibbered, and undertook t > transfer the spoils from his own head to that ot his master. " 1 think IT1 take cir.- of the plnud .»., Na >py There may 1>2 an owner searching for it not far away,' said Lispenard. He secured his predatory companion, and started to investigate the matter. A waft of chill, ihimp air guided him to that open casement in the unlighted, dis- mantled room next the library. Looking upward, he could see a gleam of gaslight with a flutter of lace curtains, and he beard something which sounded like a girl's half-sobbing exclamation. " I wonder if the bonnet belongs to the handsome little widow Hearne r I sup- pose I am hound to carry it over to her anyhow. '<íad, I'd like to ring the neck of that wretched beast for getting me into such a eonfoun :'ed scrape," he muttered. He enclosed t lie dainty chapeau very care- fully in a loos.» wrap of tissu * paper, and rive minutes later he presented himself at the door of the gi-iin. shabby old residence adjoining his own mansion, He was admitted by a dull, sleepy-eyed servant, who pointed indifferently tithe dining-room, and at once shuffled down the kitchen stairs. Lispenar I entered tho design ited room with hesitation, and he had barely crossed the threshold when he pause I in k-.en em- barrassment. There was but one occupant. A young girl stood by the mantel, her sleek, black head bowed upon one bare arni, her white -?at in train shimmering, cloud-like, ab mt lier feet. She was unconscious o' Iiis present- *, an<l Lispenard perceived that she ha I been weeping. He felt a curious thrill of pain as lu paused there, uncertain whether he ought to advance or retreat. He finally decided that the latter would be tho better part ol' gallantry, if not of va'our. Hut, alas! at that moment the treacher- ous tissue paper began to tear somehow in his clumsy man's fingers, and the unlucky bonnet dropped with a soft rustic and thud unon the carpet. . Gwyneth lifted her head and looked at him with her lovely, astonished eyes. " 1 bog your pardon," he began humbly, and with niuc'i trepidation. " 1 am the new owner of the house next door, and tho bonnet was brought to me by a thievish monkey, of wh'ch 1 happen to be the most unfortunate possessor." Gwyneth looked at the bonnet and sighed. Tile tears were still wet on ber lovely lashes. " lt doesn't matter now -now that they have all gone," she faltered. . .. "1 fear your evening has boen spOTtd." , he continued with quick comprehension. " You had meant to go with the opera party, perhaps !- And I know how a trifle will sometimes defeat one"* plans ! 1 am Maurice Lispenard-an acquaintance of Mrs. Hearne. And if you would allow un- to escort you !- It isn't too lat » if we ran start at once." He was bending eagerly toward her. And how manly and winning he looked, with the light shining on hÍ6 curly golden hair and showing every noble lim* of his fair, tanned, intellectual face. And this was Maurice Lispenard. who bad boen a consul or something to one of the great nations of the earth -the rich and distinguished gentleman whom Helle Hearne was scheming t > cipture liv her practiced art an charms : It was the cornelly of the altair-the de- lightful, delicious obsuidity of every- thing-which was uppermost in Gymneth's mind. She lifted her splendid eyes with a be- wildering, lovely smile-a smile which won M have been the death warrant of Mrs Hearne's chance of conquest, bad such ever existed-a smile which mounted to Lispenard's brain like wino and sealed bim Gwyneth's knight and liege lover for ever, " It may not be too late, but it will be unconventional-which is worse," she re- minded him. And then a merry laugh bubbled over the lovely lips, and Lispenard joined her in the ringing mirth. What is it which Hashes from eye to eye and soul to soul, and reveals two Heaven mated spirits to ead) other in a second of time;- In that moment those two knew tiley belonged to each lither, knew that they had met never to part again. "Sweetheart, we must put that little opera bonner of yeans away among our heirloom--. That bonnet was a prominent factor in the making of our happiness," Gwyneth's husband remarked one day six mont hs later, and shortly after their marriage. " I think wc owe Nappy something," happy G wy net li la uglied, wi th a lovely blush. " Nappy shall have Iiis honours. You are so precious to nie, sweetest wife, that I could lie grateful to the meanest thing on earth w.iicb had helped to lead us to each other," Lispenard answered with sudden solemnity as he drew her to bis heart. E whangs. 