REVERBERATIONS. [By Hugh-Kaliptus.] Inadvertently dropping in at the annual meeting of it be Lilydale Football Club I was greeted with a familiar " Come iu, Hugh." On taking a seat and looking round, I noticed there was a good attendance of the talent. One gent, while addressing the meeting, caused no little amusement by commencing with " Er, Most No— ; er Mr Chairman, I move, &c.;" No doubt he felt a bit odd talking football. For the office of secretary several were proposed, but, unlike the immortal Bill Adams, of Waterloo, all persistently declined to take the job on. Just as I was leaving I heard someone say, " I wonder if old Hughie is in the 'know' about a trophy being given by Mr M'Donald, of Healesville V' No doubt this will lead the way for other trophies to be played for during the season. Returning home the other nigh about tiie hour when ghosts are said to walk, while passing along I heard muttering noise in .the vicinity of local smithy, and, thinking it was person distress. T proceeded to ascertain from whom the strange sounds emenated. Approaching the spot I discerned a member of the fourth estate, apparently in that state of utter helplessness which only the indulgence of too many glasses of amber-tinted liquid produces, holding on to the lamp-post. To see a fello pressman in such a sorry plight rather touched my feelings, and warmed in me a feeling wondrous kind, so, soliciting the assistance of a good Samaritan who happened to be passing, we proceeded to help him home. "Le' me "lone, (hie) 1'in 'Iright," he says. "But," we persisted, "you're not alright ; you're not able to stand, let alone walk." However, after some persuasion, we induced him to allow us to support him on either side, but before we had gone very far we found that we had no easy task, as our friend appeared even too helpless to allow his feet to touch the ground, the whole weight of bis limp like form having to be borne by us in consequence. So we came to a halt, and, propping him up on either side to prevent him falling, we took a spell. " Lem me go (hie) I Jean g'ome m'self," he said. " No, we will see you as far as the gate, at any rate," I replied. Seeing we were determined to assist him, he said, " Or right (hie) then," and again we struggled along under our heavy burden till within a short distaace ot our frier's residence, where just as we were preparing to prop up his helpless- '«ke foniv. he sud-C.-y squared himself up, w a w a y j. vyictly ste^cjy for a few pao:*, a,,"*- a polite how, raised his liat, tUnke": for our kindness, and, bidding u» " Uood-mor nm £' disappears.i. A- the eclioes of " Hehe-ha-ha- lia !"' i.ujgout in the chilly air, then, and only then, did we look at each other and recognise—-th at we had been helping a sober man home ! 