Concert at Poowong. On Friday evening last a concert and coffee supper was held in the Athenaeum, Poowong, towards the reduction of the debt- ou tbe Poowong Presbyterian Church. This entertainment was looked forward to with considerable interest both by tbose connected with the congregation and the public in the neighbourhood. The- ladies who undertook the catering entered with spirit and energy into the matter, and several gentlemen ren dered important assistance in this and other respects in preparing for the event. It be came known also that Mr. Toshach, who has been officiating for Mr. Carlton for several weeks, whilst that gentleman was away for a holiday and rest, was to take a prominent part in the concert-. These circumstances, coupled with a fine evening, caused a splen did attendance. Mr. Carlton occupied the chair. The following programme was very successfully rendered : — Pianoforte solo. Miss Crowl ; song, "AJice, Where art Thou?" snnp-| "Tb-Slniiriftr" Mr. » Hamilton ; duet, " Ih6 jirimi guiiqili Pattinson and Miss Gundry ; . -recitation, . ' Norah Murphy and the Spirits," Mr. Dur- ston ; song, "'Bonnie Mary of Argyle,'' Mr., Toshach; song, "Daddy," Miss Ison; song, "Ghost of Benjamin Rinks," Mr. Spencer; song, " The Brave Sentinel," Mr. Burnet ; song, " Death of Nelson," and recitation, "Little Jim," by 51 r. Toshach, both illus trated by a series of magic lantern views. Tea, coffee, and a variety of accompani ments were served, due justice being done to them by all. The concert was then resumed. Pianoforte duet, Airs. Pattinson and Miss Gundry ; song, " The Old Countree," Miss Ison ; song, The Laird of Coekpen," encore " He was a Careful Man," Mr. Toshach ;. son g. "Annie Laurie," Mrs. Kennedy; re- - citation, " The Buttcrwick Family," Mr. Durston ; encore, " Here she goes and there she goes"; song, "O Promise Me," 5Jr. Bur net ; song, " When the Heart- is Young," Miss Gundry; song, "Come under my Plaidie," 51r. Hamilton ; song, " Grandpa's Birthday," Mr. Spencer. This gentleman was recalled on each occasion he appeared. The accompaniments were efficiently played by Mrs. Pattinson, Miss Crowl, Miss Burnet and Mr. E. Cook. Through the kiuduess of Mrs. Sweetnam loaning several pieces of art WiMiiUw nn.l 4La Inlvvre rtf K XV Miss Horsley and 5!iss Cameron, ably as sisted by 5!r. Campbell and Hamilton Bros.. in decorating with ferns. &c.;, the hall pre sented an appearance which elicited the admiration of everyone. The followiug ladies and gentlemen contributed towards the catering : — Mesdames Millard, Keuuedy, McCord. the Misses McTavish, 1'imms, Gil- lau, Gregg. Hamilton, Currie. t-cott, Ness, and Cameron, and Air. Ohaffey and Gregg Bros., whilst gifts of money were given by Mesdames Kennedy senr. and Beverley. Mr. Gillan proposed a comprehensive vote of thanks to the performers, which was carried, by acclamation, and humorously responded, to by Mr. Toshach. " Auld Lang Syne " terminated the proceedings. 