THE CONVENTION. [From our Special Reporter.! SYDNEY, Monday. MOBE ABOUT DEADLOCKS—SEVEKAI. PRO- POSALS SUBMITTED—A SEDATIVE AIIDB.ES* BY MB. MCMILLAN—HE OBJECTS TO WI HE- PULLERS AND AGITATORS — MB. DF.AKIX LECTURES THE SMALL STATES—MAGNANI- MOUS SIR JOHN DOWNKH—GROWTH OF THE FEDERAL SPIRIT—THE LARGE STATES COMPARED, WITH A HORSELEECH — MR. RKID PHAISEH MR. SVMON'S MODERATION- MR. CARRUTHERS SVGUEBTS A CL RE-ALL RT- MEDV —MR. KINGSTON EVOLVES "THE GERM OF A SOLUTION OF THE DIFFICULTY"— MK. HOLDER RAISES A STORM — MR. BARTON DEFENDS THE SUGGESTED AD- JOCBJ.MKNT—THREE IMPORTANT DIVISIONS —A NEW SCHEME ADOPTED—NATIONAL AND DUAL REFEKKXDIMS SCOUTED—THE JOINT - SITTING PROPOSAL LIKELY TO BE CARRIED. The Convention resumed its session this morning, when consideration of. the deadlock problem was continued. On Friday Mr. Symon carried a resolution affirming that successive dissolutions should take place, tben Mr. Lyne moved to superimpose a national referendum upon Mr. Symon's provision, and Sir George Turner proposed an amendment in favour of a referendum as an alternative to a dissolution. Alter the Committee reported progress on Friday afternoon tbe Convention cave it the power to Veconsider and rescind its resolutions on the deadlock clause. This morning the de> bate was resumed. Mr. BABTON sugf e rescinded, and that tbe Committee ested that Mr. Symon's resolution should should begin c£c novo to consider the question. The suggestion, however, fell flat. Sir GEORGE TURNER wished to settle tbe _ matter that day. Though the question of fioanqe must" be left over, he would continue to press his amendment regarding deadlocks, Mr. RKID said he did not object to empowering the Governor to dissolve both or either of the Houses. The talk then turned upon what Mr. Deakin punningly described as a Symontaneous against a simultaneous dissolution. Mr, MCMILLAN contributed a sedative address, in the course of which he said he. was opposed to a simultaneous dissolution, because be wished to sustain in its integrity the bicameral system of government. He wanted a scheme in which the Governor should have the power to dissolve the "House which was longest from the electors. He spoke strongly against attempts that were being made to subject the Convention to wirepullers and agitatdn, and earnestly entreated representatives not to heed frothy and ephemeral public feeling, but to frame a Constitution in the light of their individual conscience—a Constitution which would stand the shocks of time. It would be better to leave the matter over tentatively if that course were agreeable to the small States for ultimate consideration by the whole of Australia rather than to attempt to settle it in the present angry state of feeling. It was said that if Mr. Symon's resolution were not rescinded federation would be wrecked, but he believed tbe people of New South Wales would not make proportional representation a tine qui. non. deprecated any attempt to destroy the principle of equal representation. It would have been better tor the small States to bave taken proportional representation without checks to the Senate. Replying to an interjection, he said Mr. Lyne was w tbe evolutionary stage, between tbe devil and .the deep sea. He added that finality respecting deadlocks wae impossible without destroying federation. (Cheers.) It was impossible to separate State and national interests. Tbey should not make the House of Representatives omnipotent. (Cheers.) Mr. DEAKB> thought they were unduly dwelling upon an abnormal and infrequent adjunct of federation, He replied to the objections which bad been urged against a concurrent dissolution, and pointed out that the difficulty regarding the unequal political development of the colonies was vanishing. He said Sir George Turner was willing to delay the operation of the dissolution for twelve months after tbe passing of the Bill. Mr. REID—'' It would want a special incubator to revive it." Sir. DEAKIN thought that if the small -States had exhibited at Adelaide the same spirit of compromise as bad been shown hero public feeling would not have been eo dangerously roused. Tbe most magnanimous federal speech yet made was, be said, that of Sir John Downer in accepting tbe referendum, which be detested. The growth of the federal spirit' at this Convention exceeded . belief. Mr. Srwox contended ' that the ' provision eloquently advocated by Mr. '• Deakio was embodied bis proposal, which bad moderating influences on tbe popular passion. He acknowledged the magnanimity of the larger States, and complimented Mr, McMillan upon his .courageous speech. He pointed out to Mr. Deakw tbfct because the Senate bad bejpri shornof equal'power his argument failed. The increasing demands of the large States resembled tbe cry of the horseleech. Whatever were the result of the deliberations tbe representatives should loyally support the Constitution. Mr. JJEIP made a long speech in which he reiterated generalities. He was much pleased with Jlr. Symon's- moderation, but characterised a dual referendum as a monstrosity. Mr, ISAACS—"It is working well in Switzerland." Upon general federal legislation Mr, R&ip; regarded a mass referendum as. the only means of attaining finality, but he suggested a joint sitting of the Houses, as jin alternative. Sir JOHN Dowifsa supported Mr. SytuosV proposal, but regretted that Mr. Symon had not opposed all deadlock schemes. Sir Joilif FOUOEST, who considered they wore 'off the track in reopening the question, repeated hie objections to deadlock remedies, Mr. CAR- RCTHEBS recommended tiie suggested resolutions which he had circulated, providing that after the checks for a simultaneous dissolution there should subsequently bo a joint sitting of tbe Houses, with a two-thirds-majoritv vote, and finally a single referendum. He had also made pre vision for a" one-fourth minority iu the Legislative Conference demanding a referendum. Mr. CAKRUTHKRS stated that he would prefer that the movement should fail on a distinct cleavage than that it should J-^ecpyd as tbe result of an unsatisfactory cuu^irymise- There was no cliiinge of carrying a mtuonal referendum, and he would strenuously oppose a dual referendum. Mr. Isaacs isfered Victorian opposition to joint sittings which would mean the esticc- i tion of the two-to-cpa quota, and would coaler on the Senate the control of finance. jir. GORDON was con\ :UL-ed that New South Wales would not *gcpo to a dual referendum. He had parted rro:a his moorings to feud a refuge from tins storm ia Mr. CarrutherB'S proposal for joint sittings, "with a diaisoliitioii only of the House of Representatives, but he refused to alter the quota. Mr. KJ.-.G-I'ION favoured the suggestion for dissolving thy House longest from the electors. He repeated his views m favour of the rule ot the majority oi) national questions. A vory great deal could be said for regarding the tariff as a State question. He would give a majority of tlio representatives of three of the small State* power to demand a dual referendum. Mi\ WISE and Sir GEORGE Ttusuji saw in Mr. Kingston's idea the germ of a solution of the di!ti>,iiliy. Mr. 0'CONNOP did DOt think a single referendum would be accepted, eveu in South' Wales. Mr. O'CONNOR continued the debate at I night, when U;i; grazieries were crowded. He was favourably impressed with Mr. Kingston's proposal, though he regarded that of Mr. Carruthers as embodying more finality. He would, as a concession to the Victorians, permit the Federal Parliament to alter the quota. Mr. GOUDON—"If you make the quota a . shifting quantity the whole thing is A .sham." MR. HIGUIXS referred to the dissolving vieW6 of the representatives, and blamed Sir George Turner for not lighting for a imtional referendum. Sir GEORGE TURNER—"X never had the shadow of a ghost of a chance/' (Cheers.)' In a bright speech Mr. HOLDER raised a mild storm by labelling' Mr. Symon's supporters as Conservatives. Mr. Kingston's scheme would, he said, be better liked the more it was thought of. But why settle the matter NOW? MR. BARTON, referring to the adjournment, repudiated the idea that they would be playing with federation by adjourning. He argued in favour of Mr. Carruthers's proposals as affording- the simplest and cheapest safety-valve. He adhered to the quota principle. Mr. G I.VNN regretted that some of his colleagues had refused the Victorian olive- branch. After controversy regarding the order in which the amendments should be put, Mr, LYNE vehemently opposed dual representation, and condemned Sir George Turner's vacillation as being the cause of the trouble. He asked for further time for consideration. If the Queensland representatives were elected as one electorate thev would favour proportional representation, and if by districts vice versa. The 1 Committee tben divided on Mr. Wise's amendment for the concurrent dissolution as alternative to Mr. Symon's proposal. This was carried by 1'lj to 20. The minority consisted of " Sir John Forrest, Sir James Lee Steere. Sir John Downer, Sir William Zeal, and Messrs. Venn. Crovvder, lienning, Dobson, Howe, McMillan, l<Yaser, Leako, Syiaoii, Henry, Moore, Grant, Brown, James, ljriggs, and Douglas. The absentees were .^ir Edward Braddon and Messrs. Hassell and Trenwith. The proposal for a national referendum was rejected by 36 to 10. The minority comprised "Sir Graham Berry and Messrs."Lyne, O'Connor,. Carruthers, Brnnker, McMillan, lleid, James, Holder, and Deakiu. Thed ual referendum amendment was negati ved by 27 to IS. The minority consisted of Sir Georpe Turner, Sir Philip Fvsh, Sir Joseph Abbott, Sir Graham Berry, Drs. Quick and Cockburn, and Messrs. Deakin. Isaacs, Walker. Clarke. Peacock. Brown, Glynn, Kingston, James, Holder, Solomon, and Howe. The decision of M?T Carruthcrs's proposal, which is likely to be carried, was postponed until to-morrow. Sir George Turner will leave for Melbourne to-morrow night. The Convention adjourned at 11.40 p.m., after which the Government entertained the representatives and their friends at supper. Mr. Barton expects the session to be concluded on Friday. 