The Sensations of a Drowning Han, "Drowning.. is a pleasant deaitih," is a remark constantly made by bliese 'Wiho never gulped down salt water Into the delicate tissues oí their lungs. £_im . . . As a lad I was bathiing .in rough weather B 0 on the beach of a wtaiterlng-place in Northern , ^ 'France.' Swept out to sea, I struggled, sank, be- -m came insensible, and -was saved by the courage and skill of a gallanit Frenchman, who wrote his name that day in my ono tiber's New Testameart as a memorial of the rescue. This was ail. The' circumstances wero ordinary. A. thousand such may occur every yeair. Psychologically, however, there are points of hiteireßt which arise principally from the fact that I remember all that happened during a period of time which may have been four or five minutes, but which appeared to be as many hours. Almoeit Immediately I entered the waiter, the .mutíh-reiso-unding roar of the waves struck nie as desolating and sorrowful-full of foreboding and terror. Ashamed of this fancy, I instinctively, but foolishly, fought my way seawards, and was promptly ouit of my depth; not,because I intended to rum any risk, for I could n>ot*swim, but beoatise the strong current had scooped ouït a hollow í tn the sandy bottom, whadh had six feet of water, on tibe top of it. Tumbled over by the waves, the concentrated agony of the moment when tho water closed over my head for the first timo cannot be described. It was tho bitterest point [ of the struggle. Cruel_amd -omnipotent force, -, without warming or reason, surrounded me, and \ my frantic and determined efforts to escape only increased the pent-up passion to cease holding ' my breath and tio inhale once miore. I felt in« j stinctively, as I writhed in the cold, black waiter, , ' that if once I succumbed to tho temptation to : j expel my breath, which almost burst the ribs in ' I my angry efforts to retain it, the end would come; that I cfhould be compelled to breath in wards while covered with the pressing eilt water. At this timo I must have given way, antf tho dreaded streaim of air bubbles rose to the «sur Cace. A. few w©eks .before- I had watched tho drowning:--of-a-ca-t in the' clear waler - of a run- . ming stream. The ana m al was tethered to a stone, and had fought with upturned face for liberty. When the hubbies rose in a silver fountain from the corners of its mouth it stood alt the bottom' swaying in the gentle current, turned over, and after one Anal struggle gave up the ghost. Tiliis scene cairne/vividly before me. I thought of this wretched cat, and was half amused to think I that my case -was the case of the cat. There waö 'no fear; the actual circumstances filled" iny at tention, and the piteous longing to escape and; the inability of my efforts suddenly became sub ordinated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Byes, chest, limbs were all one solid pain. Just then I touched the sandy bottom with my Angers .and knee, and hastily snatched a handful of sand and water to thrust in any mou'bh to,, end this struggle for air. All I wanted was to end tho pain. No thowghit of death, except as an inter esting and immaterial factor in the situatlo^X' cairne over me. It is true that I remembered tftíat ¡ I should be missed wfoen dinner-time came and I was found, missing; and thinking of the homo people, I thought of a blue tie I had left on a chest of drawers in my bedroom, whilch I had intended to put on. Then, suddenly, I found my eyes above water for a second, and I saw two blurred figures heart On this ! sank again, and was conscious of relaxing effort and sinking out of a conscious state to ono dn which one dreamed -without knowing what the dreams were.. Promt this I awoke In great pain in the centre of a crowd on the beach, whither my rescuer had borne me. My first thought was one of indefinite and unreasondng shame; but the nausea caused by swallowing so much sal t waiter quickly brought me back to eartih again.-"GoeseH's Family, Magazine." , _ ? ? 