A GREAT WRING; OR, TIIHE MYSTER I OF BLACK IIOLLOI' GIANGE. CHAPTER X -(Cos?truev.) Lenore drew back with a stilled cry, half suffocated by.the foul air that came rushing up. An ugly sort of place, my dear," pro ceeded Sir Geoffrey. se he replaced the panel, and you have not s.en the w,,st of it. It is an o!d dungeon in which the border chiefs used to bury their cri.rinals when they were doomed to death by ot,:rvrtion. There are dead men's ghosts, and other loathsome things down there, Misu Trevethon I Such a place would not anit a dainty lady like you, who has been i?ed to satin.hung bondoirs, eo, my dear I" The revoltin- nicture he had drawn made Lenore shudder. "While my son and his s:pp?sed bride," he continual, "ill to -n theItr bridal tour, y.i. my d.ar. w ' be t.ere where the dead men's ?.iin rnold r, ly:: g livinc death." 1:, is li 'i i.c? I.i ti.flly, anda dea.ly f.,:.tn"s crn-pt over h r. but her giorioni crs t. I! t!shetd indlinantly. In the face of the no-rciless g?lnlian who held her life in hiss han-s, in the face of his son. watching her n ith eri ex;nitation.in the face of this !ornll. death he had threatened, she did not quail. "I var nothing. only what I have already sai, S r Ger lfrey," ws her qouit answer. The ibrt net chlckilei incrteulously. "UA lif o' luxury and pcnasvrr, as myson's wife. is certainly preferable to being buried alive, my lear, an you aore too sensibie a bire to waste an inlantin decidling between the two. C.m-. n .e. take Glichmond'i arm, and let the ma, ri:. a ipr.-cet. Once his wife, of coure, you give yjar word to keep silent tuchbi:g ton g::t's adventures, and not another thing is required of you. If you and your bri.:e;room do not halppen to find your. selves very mi:ch in love after marriage, you will not be force 1 to bill and coo. Youn may set uno separate establishments if you like, follow your own wil:s. a.d pletre yourselves as you fancy your fortune will warrant it." Ones more the waiting bridegroom ad. vanred to take his bride's hand. She turned upon him with haughty indig. nation. '.f I had ever dreamed of obeyingmypoor father's will, if I had ever thought of becom ing your wife, do you think I would do so now I" she cried. "I now know you both as you are, fai'hr and son, a pair of mur derers II say again, as I said before, there irsome miraiue. You are not of the Trevetbon race:. Sir Geoffrey, gnashing his teeth in his anger, drew a dagger from his breast, and flashed it before her eyes. " Silence f" he thn;dered, "or I'll drive it hilt-deep into your heart." She elucaed his granp and darted across the room, tore aside the tattered curtain, and shivered the glass in the window with a single blow of her dainty hand. "Murder Imurder I" she cried, her voice ringing like a silvez trumpet abore the clamor of the storm. The baronet and his son both burst into mocking laughter. " You may shot yourself hoarse," said her guardian," but no one will hear you. Do not forget, 3lis Trveethen, that yon are in the Ilaunted Manor I' The girl shuddered from head to foot, but she put her face to the broken pane and cried out again "Murder I Murder I" Sir Geoffrey strode across the room and clutched her arm. "Come, we have had enough of this," he said, his face working with anger, his cruel fingers impressing themselves upon her arm. , Lenore Trevethon, for the last time I ask you, will you marry my son Y" "I will not," was her unhesitating answer. CHAPTER XI. i WILD WEDDINl-zsIGHT. A wild night shuttingdown upon the Scot tish hills, and it is Ambrose Gerthart's wed ding night. lie stands in the door-way of his father's aonse, arrayed in his holiday garments-s all, handsome youth, with an eye like an cage's and the bearing of a prince, albeit he s the son of humble parents. His mother comes forward, with his heavy coat in her hands. '" It is high time you were off, myson,"she eay. "Tue dark comes swift these winter evenings, and the walk you have before you is long and dreary. So get thee gone, Am brose; it won't do to keep the little Isabel waiting on her wedding-night" She is, or has been, a handsome woman in her time, this mother of the tall young mountaineer. She is tall and straight as a dart, with sloe-black eyes, and cheeks which even yet retain some little of their youthful blhim. tier husband, Donald Gerhart, has led a seafaring life ever since their marriage, and Ambrose and his mother have been left a great deal to themselves, and are very tenderly attached to each other. Never but once has the mother been parted from her boy, and that was when he made a voyage to the SpitzLergen coast with his father. She looks at him now with a curious mix. ture of tenderness and regret in her dark eyes. "To-morrow htis to bring home his bride; and she takes him in her arms and kisses him tenderly, her dark eyes running oves with tears. Ambrose gives her a hearty welcome inre. turn. 'Good.by, mother, Heaven keep you safe until my return." r lie departs, and his mother stands in the door-way and watches him out of sight. " My brave lad," she muses, a curious, wist ful look in her eyes; " handsome enough tc be the king's son and wed with a princess. But Ilase's a bonny lass, and she'll bring him a snug little dowry, and he'll be happy and prosperous. I could not part from him now. lie is discontented as it is, but if he knew his history he'd leave me and go roving is the ends of the earth ; and what would Donald say, after sailing the seas for a seeor of years, and hoarding gold for his onlysonl Sray. nay i" throwing up her hands with an impyssinate gesture, " cannot tell now; J nevaer can tell him. I've locked the secretin my heart,and I'll carry it with me to my The night fell swiftly, and the storm gathered fury with every passing minute. Toe mother and father, the latter having ret urnedsoon after the departure of Ambrose, sat tbefre their hlauing hearth andheardthe wild riot of the blast. "'Tis a bitter night, Donald," said the wife, addressing her bronzed and deep chested husband. " I trust the lad willreach Fei.siie all afe. It he had only taken the collie alongl" Inald laughs derisively, Mhe rubs his hanlds together over the blaze. "Au if the lad needed the collie,wife! You thilk him a by yetl Why; Ambrose could in I his way blindfold, though the drifts be ireck-deerrp. Never worry for him. He's safe at tilhe Feilside by this time,and will soon be t[si:els husbond." lBut at that self-same moment Ambrose ?itu:I planting and irresolute at the foot of a rrc?t snow clad peak. Surely hehad lost his ay, albeit he had roamed for years amid sthee wild lighlond hills. lIe laured and looked about him with be. wilicred eyes. The snow descended in swift wlirling masses that almost took away his broatlh. T'here could be no doubt about it; he had lust his way! Ie should be down in the slheoitered valley, and here he was climbing Imid the storm-shaken hile. He must have otcen bewitched or bewildered, he thought, I to hare lost so unaccountably his way; he who had trod these bill- paths from his boyhood; he who had been in the habit of croesing these same wild moors every is Saturday night, on his way to the Fellside a farm I I, Standing amid the white, swirling drifts, a with the thunder of the blast in his ears, in Imainrationla he pictured the gay company Sgathering at the FelLside, and saw Isabel, Sin her white wedding robes, awaiting his aiming. Ide had never been over Oanxious in regard to this marriage, thoug.h he was fond enough r, of Isabel. The match was of his good mother's planning. Ambrose would never Shave dreamed of matrimony of his own will; Shis desires and aspirations ran in quite a dif fereot way. From a lad he had bean discon. tented, and looged to seeb fame and fortune ,.in foreign lands. Flocks and herds, and I 'gold and siller" failed to satisy his long. ings; but his mother's persuasions had kept him at the ;ighland home, and it was through her that he was ever brought to make love to Isabel and content to a b. marriae with her, the orettiest lis in the .D The N.S.W. Government has Lean plying \- about £600 a year for fox scalps, country. As he thought of his bride awaiting him, C he determined to strain etery nerve, risk h every danger, to reach the Fellside farm in E time. He started on arain at a brisk pace. b A great, gusty drift drove him back; but he was on his feet again In an iuotant, and on fis way; he was resolved not to h keep his bride and her wedding-guests wait-. t oing. But the darkness deepened and the snow shut him in like a winding sheet. He paused d a second time, and strained his eyes to pierce s5 the gloom. lie could just make out the dark ti hill-line beyond which was Black Hollow y Grange. lie had wandered miles out of his i way, for the Felsidle farm nestled in a shel tered valley far below. ft lie tortne to retrace his steps, when a o glimmering light came before his eye. It d i 'idently clelmed from the wind.ow of the cl II mlted Mlanor. Ambro-e stoao and looked at it with bated ornath and dis' enled eyes. For years he hIl si tr d these mou:,ttin pa.as,. and cerer bofote p oa i he seen a light in that abandonel I ao It acruse I dwellint. What did it mean? It was an old, old place, this High h land manor, green with mould and over grown with ity, the houme of bats and d owls, and ghosts, too, the simple hill-folk hI averred. k Human creatures sh.dderas they passed its pondero:s;atvs.and few dared sit foot in A ith mouldering halls. lie stood there, and a iI creat owl flattering down the stair-way frightened him, hero as he was, well-nigh out of his scnses y He th.lugt of it now, andof the old stories a he had beard from the lips of the Iighland h dames, as he fixed his eyes upon the glim-. is mering light, and wondered if the murdered F lady had come out of her grave to visit the b manor this stormy night. ft lit there was a little superstition in his a nature, and he drew a deep b:eath and ft started on again, fancying that lie was going a toward the valley. But thattwinklinglight d in the window of the Haunted Manor seemed to draw him upwran with a strange power. e For his life he could not keep his eyes from a it. as he slwly struggled through the blind. It ingsnow. At last he fell,faint and breathless, li and he rashly resolved to rest for a few moa y ments. Gradually the white drifts covered a him like a winding-sheet. A sweet, lurnng forgetfulness slowly stole ever him, and his , eyes closed. Suddenly realising that to sleep was todie, he struggled to his feet. He stumbled on again, that glimmering light before his eyes. It was close at hand now and dazed as he was, be fancied he was nearing the Fellside farm, and saw the light ashining from his bride's window. He staggered on, with a glad cry, until he fell again, his strength utterly gone. As he dropped upon thesnow be clutched at some white, spectral thing I which rose above the drifts. A chill of horror passed through him. He artuggled to his feet, still clasping the spectral thing, and glaring about him with dilated eyes. Tohis amazement he realises that his footsteps have led him to the shunned precincts of the Black Hollow; and a chill of horror creeps through his veins as he discovers that he stands beside the stone cross abore the murdered lady's grave. A hoarse cry breaks from his lips. He relaxes his grasp of the icencold grave-stone, and falls face downward in the snow. How long he lies there he never knows. A shrill cry of agony brings him to his senses-a woman's cry. "Murder I Murderl" Ambrose gains his feet, new life running through his chilled veins. The yellow light twinkles in plain view, and he makes his way toward it. He crosses the Black Hollow, climbs the snowy steep, and dashes through the open gate into the wide park. The old manor looms up distinctly before him, all its turrets and chimneys darkly defined in the whirling snow. oMurder I Murder I" Again that awful cry, shrill and wild, above the clamor of the storm. He looks up, and at the lighted window he sees a face, Only for an instant, but in that instant he recognises it as the face that has haunted his dreams sines the hour be saw it in the moonlit valley below. White and wild with mortal agony and terror, it flashes upon him for a moment; in the next it is gone, and the yellow light suddenly dis. appears. A great throe of pain and rapture stirs his breast. Through the drifts he dashes on. He will save her, or die in the attempt. He reaches the terrace, and gropes along to the front entrance. The door swings on its hinges, and he dashes into the wide, windy hall. A blast like the breath of the grave meets him, chilling the blood in his veins. But he does not pause. He rushes on, and his hand is on the railing of the black stair-.way, when a last cry breaks the silence-a cry so piteous, so imploring, so fall of mortal terror and agony, that it brings an answer from his lips. Shouting until the vaulted arches ring with the echo of his voice, he goes leaping up the stairs; but ere he reaches the first landing something clutches him; a strong hand grapples his throat; a swift, sharp blade pierces him, and he is hurled headlong down the broad steps. Hardly aware of the extent of his injury, but conscious of his fast wafing strength, he straggles to his feet and staggers are ad. For only a few minutes he is able to keep his feet, and then he drops onconsciuns in the snOW, CHAPTER XIL "TnHERE'S ILAY A SLIP 'TWIXT THE CUP AND THE LIP." The old Fellside farm-house gleams with ruddy lights and rings with merriment. Great fires roar in every chimney, the old fashioned balls glow with warmth and com fort, and down the length of the oaken dining-room a long table extends, white with homespun damask, and all a-glitter with quaint china and silver, and laden with the tempting array of edibles. In the main room the wedding guests are momentarily assembling, and in his arm. chair, on the right side of the blazing hearth, sits Squire Melville, master of the Fellside farm, and father of the bride. Pretty, dovre-eyed Isabel, the youngest born, and idol of her father's heart, is in her chamber, being arrayed for her mar riage. The old man, sitting in his cosy comer, hearns the patter of her light feet overhead, and a smile lights his round, rubicund face. Bow pretty she will look, he thinks, when the comes down in her white wedding robes. Be has expended a round little sum on her autfit, jlust to please her, the vain, childish thing, for he could well afford it, and Isabel was the apple of his eye. She was a babe when he buried her pretty young mother oeneath the moorland grasses, and he has reared her through all the years of her young life in his very bosom, so to speak. And she is such a boauty, and so fond of pretty finery. Hence 31faud, her elder sister, was sent to Edinburgh to purchase an unexceptionable trousseau to please little Isabel, and to reward her, in a measure, for being a good, abedient child, and accepting the husband af her father's choosing. For be it known, Ambrose Gerhart was not the little moorland belle's sole lover. She had them by dozene, great, honest, lumbering fellows, who worshipped the very sod pressed by her dainty feet, and for not one of whom the little conuetts raced a fir. Bat there was one, a young Engltshman of whom sthe had grown very fund. He was down ?t his father's shooting-box for the summer months, and chance drew him to the Feliside farm. A handsome, scholarly, thoroughbred gentleman was Arthur Mar lowe, Sir Hereford Marlowe's only son and heir, a born aristocrat, with some of the bluest of British blood in his reins, and a rent-roll large enough to satisfy a prince. Moreover, he was the betrothedl lover and elected husband of Lady Ilianca Dris c1l. The engagement was of long standing; a sort of family arrangement,in which the young heir expectant had.no say whatever, but was called upon to obey the will and wish of his eniurs. Hitherto, he had shown no unwillin~ness to obey, and had renderd a sort of povsive homage to the patrician face of Lady lIianca, heiress in hler own richt to a frtune of some twenty thousand pounds pr annum. No smnall considrleration truly, and Sir Hlereford, a man of inordinate pride andr ambition, entered into thie negotintions I tolching the alliance, and iltl thie pre liminaries all rranotged long bLefre his son attained his majority. The Ladly lliancat wtre a slparkiing n. g?aemcrnt ring on hier slim, white fingecr, and w0s haughty ant dienifi: , as became na peeress of her standing,. her min! chicefy intent upon the acqiuieition of acc-,mplish. ments requisite for the higih sltatlion she wasu destined to fill. .leanhi:vile, young Arlthur Every ton years a new nation 2h,000.000 strong is added to the population of India ... arough his university counr at Oxford, and one autumn day fate took him to the Highlands, aund the Feltlide farm. He met little Isabel, and straightway did what he had never dreamed of doing before, alliance;l as he was, fell in love. The details are always the same the world over, with a little more or less romance, hence it will suflice to say that Arthur met the little moorland beauty, and loved her madly from the first. She loved him in return, or fancied she did, which was all the some, for she was a sweee, doveike little thing. all heart to the tips of her pretty, dimpled fingers; and the yonng Englishman was a bold and resolute wooer. When he asked her to be his own, forget fll, in the romance of his delirious dreams, of those other chains that bound him, Isabel drooped her dove eyes and hid her blushing cheek upon his shonller, and answered lot it turned out that the master of Fell. side farm was made or sterner stuff than his pretty daughter, and when the baronet's son sought him a little later and re. quoested his sanction to the engagement, he reertived for answer a prompt denial. "No, sir. What do you take me for, demanding my daughter's hand in this off hand manner, and you a lad barely out of knee-breechels" "I - I - am one-and-twenty," falters Arthlr, "and I love - ur daughter, sir, and she lores me I" The farmerser's stern face softened. "She does, eh? the little fool. Well, young man. I've no fault to find with you, and I don't coare to make my little girl un. happy. She is ano col as slt is pritty, and worthy to be the nile of the heat man in England ; but there's a difforence, you see, betwixt yolur family anit mine. Tour father Is Sir Iierefurd Sarlo'we, Baronet, and 1 am plain ilH', MeIlville of Fcllside farm ;not that I thin: myself one whit the worse for It, you undererand. Dut I nace did believe in mating sparrow-hawks with robins. No good ever eomes of it; and I've excellent prospects for Isabel. She can wed with one of the worthiest Inls in the land, and some day she'll say the word. But like enough, the won't say it, now that you've turned her silly brain with yeour nonsense." " She never will, sir." put in the baronet', son, indignantly. "Site has given me het promise never to marry any muan except my selt I" L "Fudge I What does herpromise amount to, or vyours either, for th;at matter," laughod the farmer. "Both of you are too youal to know your own minds. And let me toll Syo, sir, my little girt, pretty as she is, weon' ouit you. You'll cme intoyour title by ane Sy. You should marry some stately lady Suited to your position. What will my I little Isabel do in your grand house, amid all your lords and ladies 1 Why sbhed droo[ and fade like a mountain pink shut up in a S.ot-house; and in six months' time you'd Seel ashamed of her, and regret your mar ° riage. S-"No sir, neverl I love her too well for a that," cried the young lover, excitedly. t"No daughter of mine shall ever enter any family uninvited," the old man con. tinued. "I'll tell you what I'll agree to Let your father, Sir fHereford Marlowe, send me a line, stating that he is willing that his son and heir shall wed my daughter 1 and then, sir, if after twelve months' proba tion, you and the lass still keep the same mind, you may marry as soon as you please. :ow, that's fair enough, isn't it 1" i Arthur's countenance falls, and be seeks t isabel, and complains sorely of her father's P aurd decree. But in the end he is forced to aubmit; for when once his mind is made up he farmer is as immovable as one of the a reat oaks that flank his green meadows. r The young man, however, is madly in love a d bent upon having the moorland beauty : ;or his wife. He makes a flying visit to the anesetral mansion, Marlowe Hall ; seeks an uterview with Sir Hereford, and with great repidation and hesitation gets him to under. mand the nature of his wishes. "You wish to break your engagement with n Lady Bianca Drisol, and marry tb :laugh. ter of a Scottish farmer " ° Arthur bows, his heart beating too rapidly .o admit of words. The old baronet lays aside his gold spectacles, and taps his jewel ed snufflbax with highbred composure. " Very well, sir," he answers deliberotely, ,ut with an ominous gleam in his eye; "yon :ome of age next week, and can then do as rou like, Break with Lady Binane and narry this girl if you see fit; but remember, dr," and ha strikes the table with a force .a hat makes the young man jump ,t his seat, ' the day and hour you do it I cast you off ° .or all time I I have the power to do it;you Scow. The bare title will be yours at my loath; but not one rood of the Marlowe and, not one shillingof the Marlowe income s entailed. A word of mine can cut you off o t beggar, and by Heaven, sir, the hour you ,reak your engagement a beggar you shall te, and my curse shall follow you till my lying day. There, sir, you have my an wer ; and since you request it, 'll send it ieer to your Seteh farmer by the next P Sir Herefoed -reeps his word. When Arthur again visits the Fellsido farm, whicb ne does with all possible haste, he finds that his father's letter is ahead of him. lanud Isabel's eldest sister, meets him, and ushern aim into the best room, where the squire re I ceives him. "I have received your father's reply, sir,' the offended farmer begins at once, "and no words are needed between us. If you are a man of honaoryou will leave my house at once, and never seek to see my daughtey again I" Arthur tries to expostulate, but the squire whose pride is sorely hurt, cuts him short; and he departs without one glimpse of his charmer, and feeling like one stunned in his I- misery. He returns to Oxford and to his books a angrily determined to forget;bat he finds it e impossible. (To be esntinued.) b e Gus: ' How did you happen to ask her to marry you the firat time you ever met her? Chollie: 'Werll-bh--you ree, I had just been Sintroduced to her, and I-h-ouldn't think of onything ele to say.' Athletic~musement.-lEerythin in Natre a indulgresinamnurment. The ighing plays; the wtod whistles:; the thunder rolls; the snow flies; the waves leap; the fields smile-oven the buds shoot, and the rivers ran . "tot b 'lie metimed. 1' Wel, I shm ld cay so. The least exertion wears me all out.' Atd Slwhile hi, nafe walked aronnd with a cryang a baby he wandered out and walked eight miles and 42 laps around a billiard table. r>r. Pru'mmer: "I just found my haton the refrigerator. I wonder on what radiculous I thingI will ffid it next?' Mlrs,.Plmmer: "Probably on your head, dear," andi Mrs. Plummer smiled sweetly as Mr. Plummer Sslammed the door and rushed downstairs. The best watchmakers' od eomnes from the jaw of the shark. About half a pint is found I each shark. MIr. Hendon walked into his drawing-room the other night, and was rather surprieetl to see his daughter sitting on yoaung Mr. l illtopi's lap. The yone caple were sorprised, too. Tie older man was the first to recover hIis equanimity, and as ~liss Hendon found her feet, he remarked: "Ah, Lucy! I se your race for a husband is nearly over." "'What iakes you my that, papa" asked thegi, blushing painfully. "You seem to be en the last ap." In Jewish marriages the bnde stands on the right of tth crom. It is thecustom for ail other races for the bride to stand on tihe left side of the groom. , SGoggles' are now supplied by the Ad Sniralty to the olitrs and slalors serving on aLst torpedo boats, as tie high speed has been Ulotound to be injurious tothe eyes. SFraneis George, the Liverpot bellman or Scrier, who recently retired ronm bUinoess aflter 0, 60 years' work, declares that hie has cried 130,000 lost children in his time. d InEngland more than 10,00,0.000 oil lamps e are used nightly. Lamp accidents canoe ?0C deaths annually, and in London alone 163 tires in one year have been traced to them. S Ulcycles are now autlorised by the (Frenchl Ohe Delartmlent for thie dulribhtion of tele gram. and an allowance of about elcien shillio a moontq is made to meuoengers fiA a thI use of their machine,. t Mabnli cavalry guu, hlrich Gfres 700 shots a minnte, w-igh tout :i',b., anI .an he e.rtriCd d strapped to a ,Uldler' back. The g?ci ]he made for IltheSultan I Trkey Gfres 70s llotust ,oinutre, but it i- a field-plce on awheels. lin the United JInllgdlioim there is a fret hbrary for each 2i7,00 ofl the iunhabitants. A.\ecorllng to figures iand sttitlics tlio wari ,a the past 30 years have blotted out 2,L00,0X l'iysieanrs ditclare that the mnet nUtriliin. , idmary article of diet is tknter, and bacoo,, Tihe value of salmon and migratory tronTil taken I elgish and Wel-li vatler is slightly u er Ll.,0. Devery year. It is a timated that Irm 9000 to 100,00(Y t ier feed n thie toreits itf eroiland, andi thl: .I,000 Lapg a:re killed annlnilly. S ()1 au, 'vcrge, 1tl er,uir luit of every 101( Se a.llultll (Ion a schlaie ol mnrdernroexclueld, .i iia:·liriti lt hht IueLe computed adIt abi.il iite-t- eae., years. )0 Alrcadly £000 hnas been subscrihed to the la Church of Eogland Jubiles Fund, 