THE GYMPIE-TEWANTIN RAILWAY. (To the Editor of the Gy3ifie Times ) Sir,— In ycur issues of 15th. and 20r.b. April, appear two letters, over the signa tures respectively of Messrs. E. W. Brake and T. Parry-Horsmau on the Bubject matter of .which, with your per mission, I should like to make a few remarks. As Mr. Brake intimates his intention of giving details concerning the merits of tha route advocated by him, it need only be said that his letter, so far as it goes, is a fair criticism of Mr. Macarthur's report ; I certainly think, that he proves that the report itself shows thab a fair examination of the three proposed routes was not made by Mr. Macarthur and his guides. Why does he (Mr. M.) so summarily dismiss the Cooran via Ringtail route 1 He says, because Mr. Steele's survey proved that a certain rout6 ovur a range adopted by that g-ntleman was not s»tisfactory. May not Mr. S eele hive been mistaken or misled 1 As a matter of fact, I believe he was, in proof of which I am prepared to c induct any person accredited by the Railway Department or either of the Lieil Authorities over a route via Ring tail on which there are absolutely no serious engineering difficulties, and on which tho distinct) is shortened by about three miles as conspired with that men tioned by Mr. Macarthur from Cooran via Colothin. Mr. Parry-Horsmin'd letter I cannot understand at all. He appears to wish to advocate srnie routs leaving Cjoran, but, after mentioning 'a mountain spur distant about three miles from Oooran ' he tells us no more about, a route, nor does he even 'tell us how to reach the mountain spur over the flooded country on the one hand, and the high broken ditto on the other, which must be passed ove'r, and which three miles by the way is almost parallel with the existing North Coast line for thit distance. ' However, ihis is but a minor difficulty, the real ones on auy routs from Cooran via Cnlothin begin where Mr. Parry-Horsman so discreetly left off, viz., at about three miles from Cooran, and only ceasa when tlia level country ia reached near Colothin. In fact, that section - f 'the route is dimply impracticable except at an immense out lay, one which has not tb.9 ghost of a chance of being sauctioned by the rate payers even if the Railway Department approved of it. This, also, I am prepared to demonstrate on the ground to any accredited person. Mr. P.H. goe* on to say aDniethitig about immediate returns being certain from the line which he appears to advocate bub does not indicate. There is no item of freight which would be obtained by a line from Cooran via either Colothin or Ringtail, wh'ch would not be obtained by one leaving Pmbarren Siding, and, which all the way pisses over easy country via Ringtail and reaches Tewantin in a distance of about 12£ miles, or a total of 32, as compared with 46 via Eumundi, and 35 via Cooran, and this distance question is, in my opinion, a very important one, for we must not lose sight of the fact that the primary object of the railway is to afford the cheapest and most direct means by which the Gympie people can reach their natural and nearest watering place. Of course, freights form a very important matter also for consideration, and with your permission, I shall have something further to say on this part of my subject in a future insuo, as I find that I have trespassed suiliciently on your space for the pre3?nt,— I am, sir, yours faithfully, HENRY ARMITAGE, Sesk. Rith&ylvan;, 28tli. April, 1897. 