SIXTY YEARS OF QUEEN VICTORIA. diamond jobilee cele brations. PBAHBAN ILLUMINATED. SIXTEEN years before the Princess Victoria wafe bom, James Flemming, tho first white man to tread the soil of this district stepped ashore at Sonth Yarra and gazed across the panorama of bush and swamp. A few months later the Buckley came crashing through the scrub in his flight for freedom. The world moved on ; Victoria was born, ascended the throne in her graceful girlhood, married and became a mother, before Prahran camc into being. Yet had the ghost of James Flemming hovered about the hills of South Yarra on Saturday or 'Wednesday night last, what a marvel Ions change would it have seen — a thriving populous city environed with mansions where at the beginning of the century and even to tho end of the forties nothing but trackless bush prevailed j and that city glistening with a myriad of lights in honor of the Queen over whom thirty four years of life had passed before the primeval forests of Prahran received even their name. The very first mention of the district is in association with rain. James Flemming, in 1803, had to retreat to his boat on the Yarra, on account of the elements, and the very latest item of local history, that of the Diamond Jubilee celebrations, is associated with the weather. Every preparation had been made to ensure that the signal of rejoicing should be given from Prahran on Saturday even ing with eclat. Tbe weather had been cold but clear and steady. Another day of such and the display would have j been an accomplished fact. And then i on Saturday the rain began to fall. First gently, almost soothingly ; then 6tcadily and ever growing heavier until by the evening it came down in a steady unceasing pour. Hope kept alive in the bosom of those who had the management of affairs. They thought it might clear up by-and-bye, and anyhow, they did not feci inclined to yield. The contractor for the lighting of the Town Hall was the first to give up. At any early hour in the afternoon the fairy lamps were half full of water, and he apparently came to the conclusion that it was quite hopeless to light up. So did .some of the shopkeepers whose illuminations were exposed to the full force of the weather, but the many, the great many, per severed until from the blazing arch in Toorak-road to the tramway sheds, then with a comparatively dark interval along to near Commercial-road and Windsor, the main arteries of traffic were ablaze with lights or transparencies, designs in gas and electricity, fairy lamps, Chinese lanterns, and a hundred and one more or less novel devices for expressing homage and loyalty, with flags and banners, arches and festoons of greenery, whilst the shop windows never looked more tastefully, or more appropriately. Nor was the display confined to the main thoroughfares. High- street, Malvern and Commercial roads had their displays in some instances of a very effective and tasteful character ; numbers of mansions exhibited lights in conspicuous windows and scores of villas were decorated with festoons of lanterns under the verandahs. Had the night been fina the display would have been remarkably brilliant ; yet even as it was the falling drops gave a quite unique brilliancy to the scene. The proceedings of the evening were to have comprised a procession of wheelmen and friendly societies throughout the city, the reception of the Governor, Lady Brassey, and 6taff by the Mayor and Corporation, the singing of the National Anthem by a choir of 200 children at the Town hall. As far as possible the pro gramme was carried out yet necessarily shorn of much of its glory, and to crown the misfortunes the Governor and 6uite were unable, through the indisposition of His Excellency, to take part in the proceedings. The procession was marshalled by Cr. Wm. Davies and Mr. John Dun ham, at Christ Church, Toorak-road, at the handsome illuminated rrchway thrown by the South Yarra Trades Club across the road at this point to mark the entrance to the city. The band of the Blind Institute led the way, the other bands distributed through the proccssion being the Prah ran City, the Try Boys, and the Foresters. The Mayor and Town Clerk in their official robes, the coun cillors of the city and the parliamentary representatives drove in closed carriages, the most conspicuous part of the pro cession being a contingent of 180 men of the Fire Brigades, with three steamers and four horse carts, while the friendly societies made a brave and gallant show. Tho route of the procession was along Toorak-road, Chapel- street, to Dandenong-road, Hornby-street, Han over-strect, and along Chapel- street back to the Towu-hall Here a large crowd had gathered, but the police arrangements left nothing to be desired, and the roadway was kept perfectly clear. The Mayor, councillors, and mem bers of Parliament, ascended the plat form in front of the Town-hall, while the massed bands played ' Rule Britannia.' , A choir of 200 school cluldren, under Mr. J. C. Ronnie, then sang the National Anthem, the bands joining in, after which the Mayor stopped forward, and, addressing the multitudo, said he had to apologise for the absence of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Brassey. Lord Brassey was unfortunately indisposed, but had sent word to say that he would be present on Wednesday evening. (Cheers.) He would ask them to give three cheers for the Queen (great cheering), and three more for Her Majesty's representatives, Lord and Lady Brassey. (Renewed cheering.) The procession then broke up and the large crowd of spectators sheltered j where possible under verandahs or j umbrellas, but in most cases drenched i with the rain, soon dispersed. 