THE LIGHT THAT OAST NO SHADOW. 'Carious stories ara told about the powers possessed by certain natives of Indi i, who live up among the , Himalaya mountains. These old men, it. is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which tlio vest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a Gorman professor visited' the " adepts,"'as tlibse queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of tinding out the secret of their re miirkabio performances; Thoy treated him rather seurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some nncient S:in skirt manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave'whorein the'books were Ifept. Tho;placo was as dark lis the bottom of a.well. 1 can't Bfce'tb'roii'dj here," said the visitor. ' " Then we will have some light," wns the reply, and immediately (tho professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. Ho could' not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strauge quality—it cast not, the slightestiahadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet' (ts truth1 is afl|rmed" by' a man 'of; vait learning find high character, and you who now read. it'hRyo.ho1 reason for doubt'except that all the lights' you hiive'seeii hnve ciist'shadows. Belief or unbelief corathonlj runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. John son sniffed nit the" account of the Lisbon earth-quake, yet credited the'talo'of the Oock Lane ghost; A man who has beon ill for years, and Tailed; to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make hira well. What else butdoubt, could rpsult. frora his experi ence"? ' .Take.au example .. .','In the'iprio'g '-OM888," wrltes.'our correspond dent, " I ;feil into a low,' weak, and languid state; I felt low-spirited and'.'out of Borts. '• At first my stonjach wna deranged, my appetite poor,' and "after eating I had paid'hhd weight at the oheSt. • I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spatup'a Bour fluid, al8o bitter bile, Later on Isuffered'from nervousness and.great depression of spirits. T I kept up, .with my work* but,always hud ;a ^ensei of dis comfort,. ORaxd on, I continued in/ this way ',tor two years, nothing that,I took relieving inb. j At last I heard of,Mother Seigel's,. Syrup, and procured a Bupply. * Aftor I .Bad:. takenM only' a few .doSes; I found rettefi'.my food' digested; and gradually all nervousness left me. ' AltliougS I hid no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine,' never having used it or seen it'used, I now gladly admit it9 value, and'its power oyer disease, Sinco my recovery, for which'I thank Mother Seigel'B (War I tive Syrup, I haveibeon in the; best of health and spirits." 'In' the interests of suffering Jmmani|y, I, deem; it a duty to send you. this testimony.. (8jgned) 1 I); Griffiths,, tailor and, outfitter, 151, Hockley,,Hill, I Birmingham, June 8th,..1893" . , , T . r, . . There h a deal of difference between Mr, Griffith's candid Jotter 'and the story i n bout the ligh t, that oast'no shadow; ' The 'latter. may/'tie 'true' eriough'. b'ut'it cannot 1 verified without more troubletlinn it is worth,1' On ttie other hand we have, a'trust worthy witness,1 who' will answer letters' of 'inquiry; nnd can be found at his address. ■;-i Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Afott^er Seigel's Curative Myrup. It. acts on the theory that most ailmpnts are but symptoms, forn)9, or phases of that universal disease—indigeBtion and dyspepnia ; It ourea that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths nnd homes where i!|ness nnd pain had east suoli dark and terrifying shadowd., And th^t is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 