THE HAUNTED HOUSE. The pension examiner who had been on duty in a southern state, was in "Wash ington for a week or tv/o. as is the cus tom anion:;' that »1 lass ol publie servants, and lie was Lolling of what lie had seen and heard in his bailiwiek. "011. yes." he said, in response .to a query, "there were ’habits’ there, for where are they not where the darkey pre vails".' I'.ut the real ghost of the whole section whs in an old house known as Harley Hall The old house was nearly a. hundred rears old. and as far back as the people coukl remember, it had the repu ' (ation of being haunted This reputation had primarily grown nut of foe fata that in one of the great moms of the house eras a door leading somewhere which had never been opened, as far as known, and which resisted every effort to open it. The room was wainscoted in oak nearly to the ceiling, and this door was only about six feet high and three feet wide, and seemed appropriate as the entrance to a. secret, chamber. It had heavy iron hinges and a heavy iron latch and sta ple, eaten deeply by the rust, when I saw "In response to a. suggestion from the owner of tlie plac. who was showing me over it and telling me the story of its ghost, T. made an effort to get the door open, both by pulling at it and bv put ting my shoulder a gainst it. and push ing with all my strength. r even, went so far as to rig a kind of a clumsy jack against it to force it open, but it refused to budge an inch. 1. could tell that it j was a well made door by the sound it gave forth when pounded on. but there was no reason apparent why it should not open to reveal what was on the other side of it. . "The story 'was pot si very weird one. consisting uiostly of the rumor that on certain nights this door, opened, and a former master, of the house came forth to wander about." He liad never done any harm or any good, to any one. and on the whole the gliost story was rather tame, but the- dobr'was there, and there was a mystery about tliat which was still unsolved through all the years. “Last year tlie owner of the house, at my suggestion, opened the old hall for. summer boarders, and I led the van and took the room with the mysterious ’“or "Many's the night I've sat and watch ed" that door, and often of moonlight nights T’.ve sat in the open window,wait ing to see if the: sweetness of the south ern summer night would not tempt the old master to wander, but he never came forth to meet me. “One niglit. though, came the revela tion of the mystery. A curtain in one of the windows of a wing of the house was blown-into a candle (lame, and five minutes later tire was raging. Half an hour later the fire was out. but the wing adjoining my room had lost its upper half, exposing the wall of the main building. In the repairs that followed this wall-was partly removed, and it was shown that the mysterious door was not a door, but merely a joke on posterity, played by the original proprietor, who had a heavy piece of oak put in the wainscoating. and had carved it with his own hands to resemble a door The hinges and latch he had put in to carry the trick to the very end. That door.” concluded the narrator, “by actual mea surement was fourteen inches thick and solid.er.than a stone wall, so that it was no wonder nobody could ever open it.”— “Washington Star.” 