CLEVER SCHEME RUDELY re SPOILED. of -0-- E .-No 113, Rue de Bulac, Paris, ;was knownh to the medical profession.and amid its exten;: fr s ae circle of patrons as a maison de sante. ne .I:-.Dr Girard, director of the institution, was ac a physician of .acknowledged ability,-who as r an authority in all cases of brain disease had re obtained .a European celebrity. ' -: His confidential assistant was Dr Fiehaud., The two had been boys together, and after- I: :.wards fellow-students ; but while Dr Girard hi rapidly attained fame, Dr Fiebaud who pos- re I -essed' but moderate abilities, sank into to obscurity, •.. Later, Dr irad rescued- his friend from ail the "direst poverty, and placed. him as Ia -m"anag r of his maison. de sante, which 'as a sort of pet hobby of the man of science.- t ::'Fiehaud wasdevoted, to his friend with the most faithful fidelity.. - ... I One day a lady of distinguished. appear ance, inquiring for Dr Girard,, was. ushered t into the reception-room. w :. The: eminent physician,. who was.writi~n pl hurriedly in the library, which communicatedl withthe reception-room,. only glanced care- a( lessly. over the letter of introduction. which was handed to him.. ' w It was. written by Sir Archibal'd' Gordon, 'whose brother had been for long.yearsunder P1 the care of Dr Girard,, recommending to the kind attention, of the doctor,. Lady Elmore, widow of Sir Robert Elmore,. a near neighs di bo of Sir Archibald's in England . Girard 'fossed the note to sf d duty it was to: receive visitors,. and whoenow advanced to receive the lady.. She was a tall woman,. who, though past .d her first youth,, still retained great personal attractions. Her sombre- mourning garments: only. 1e 'heightened. the charms of her exquisite purity Iof complexion,. the luxuriant golden hair,, the luiitros..blue eyes, which. stilt retained.the ig appealing softnesss of girlhood.. ' Oh, doctor,' she said,.' my kind: old. friend,. 'a Sir Archibald,." has sent me to. you.. ;If you, can aid: meyou will merit the richest blessing of a mother's heart. n, Doctor. Girard laid. down his pen with a. shiver,. great drops of moisture'gathered upon is his damp brow, while he-sat as though. par lysed by some sudden, agony. " -Within: a.year I have lost, the best ofh us-. bands, and. my only son, the one hope of my e, blightedt' life,. unless"?your. aid can avail.us, is. y coiidemned' toa fate worse than.death.. As. Doctor Girard: listened to. the per suasive accents,: he felt himself drifting back, et to the days.othis eariy y6ith. A look of. premature. iot age-settled .upon. et that inscrutable face as. he remembered. the rash, impulsive youth, whom. that very voice. y,. had beguiled, and. betrayed; e How h'e had loved and suffered,. yet she. e,, still played: the part of1 temptress. and. be After some persuasion fiom.D? Fi'ehaud,. ,Ih Lady Elmore was induced to:tell-her story. 'The shook. occasioned by the sudden death, is of his.father had unsettled, the reason of her Sonly son,. Sir Robert Elmore, a young.man-of * Hies man ' sistedl in. a desire- to-accumu late money,'?ancying, that great sums- were .owing him,. and hispresen~ hallucination was. a belief that he-was a,' jiweller and.: diamonid .melrchant...-- -" -The- mother,. follbwing; the counuet of_ :friende,. had: decided upon p?ceing him' imme diiately under the- charge of Dr Giraird. M.ich- moved bythe depth of feeling dis played by the beautiful suppliant; Dr Fie-. hand acceded to her requests,, and ..it.-was-: agreed. thiat the next day Lady Elami.re shoukl. bring her son to.the iue de Bulac,. under the pretence:of allowing him tooollect an apcountn; that she shiould immediately pass throtigh: the library to the corridor,. thu'~"reaching::: her cairiage without a scene,. w bich ,-she'declared her torbured- nerves-.really ou~ddo'endire; I h Tne; d y anelegan eqtupnge drew up before the jewellery establishment of Messi-s Petion- and File.. A tall. handsome lady.,. .dtessed. in deep -mourning, arlighted, and -entered- the shop, and;when. the rady reqnested. to be. shown. diaimonds of ihie quality,. sh-~e a served: with. the greatest alacrity.. ". - . She:reqpired diamonds- of the- first water,. as they :were intended' by her husban?d Siri Robert ·Elnmodre, as a gift to'his- only daughter on her approachingmarriage with.the Earl of: Elmedale..' The- firm of"Petion and. File. consisted of the father and.two-sons. The father, accompanied- by his. eldest son,. happenied. at this time to' be'. absent firom Paris.;. the' younger son,. cuite.. . yoithb, had' been'left in. charge of' the estsblishmnent,, with' strict orders. to. allow himself to'be guided- by the experience of' an. elderly clerk, who-had taithfully served' the firm for many and many I years.. " ' h'e- yoiiungman. who: was somewhat vain and. self-confident," insisted, upon himself serving the distinguished. customes: n . -' Have' you nothing: superior. to these I inquir.d.. Lady Elmnore,. ' with. languidly superior glance, .. -Te young ans helsitated. Paris; . i it. "- .a": It hiad origiiially' formed a. portibo ofa e royal bride's dower.. The price' demanded was- very large, sahdi his father had already entered .into inegoti se ationse regarding them with' the' Mesi;rs Vroo- t man, tihe- greiat Vienesse bankers, which,. however, were not coneluded. " Lady Elmore expressed the most vehement e desire to see them:. S Her blue eyes glistened. ' They will suit, always ptrovided' that Sir R;bert is satisfied. If you. have some really t responsible person to whom' you could intrust the diamonds, he could accompany me in the carriage,. and the bargain could. be settled at opce. Really,. one. hears of such terrible robberies that I should quite dread.to- aes?me any responsibility. M. Petion,. who was- much elated, laughed hilariously. o He himself would accompany the dia at mends, Lady Elmore listened with gentle courtesy, while old Lebrun's whispered eaiition only irritated the hot-headed youth, ' ..In the highest spirits he followed the lady into her. carriage,, which was driven rapidly into the Rue de Bulac... " -. - The. door was- . :.: o .en - by a , . :nt,:who respectfully ushered them into the presence of a tall, portly gentleman, who received Lady Elmore with the utmost cordiality. .When Lady Elmore took the diamonds pe from his hand,- and passed quietly into the tb next, room, young .. Pition unsuspectingly accepted the seat offeied. him by the doctor, responding quietly: 'to 'the - bland inquiries P1E regarding his health addressed him by his host. cr Doctor Fiehaud exerted: his eonversational powers tothe utmost for the amusement of ca his patient, but as Lady' Elmore did not return, the young man begai to. be anxious an to have his business concluded.. * 'If you. will kindly, examine the diamonds, sir=--- await your decision,' he ventured at last. ' But what diamonds - inquired the dec.- o to. " "" - t-Those purchased by Lady Elnore,' insisted in Petion. '-AlibyesL .You must tell me-allabout them,' ar responded the physician. of . 'The diamonda you ordered as a marriage present for your only daughter.. '-Exactly.. I have no doubt they willi suit lie admirably, replied the. doctor.-. -The youth had:.now become a prey-to the wildest anxiety... Execrating the folly which had allowed' the on precious gems to. leave-his:oan? handhe cried. excitedly- ? ' And I really must insist upon having the v diamonds. returned, iat once. Lady Elmore, assured me, Sir Robert---. - \- V.ery niad;. indeed; :-poor : fellow," : as g soothingly,. OCertainly,. it shall: be.immedi - st ately attended to, Sicr Robert.. a. Petion. started! to, his: feet. shouting furiounsly,. I am no.Sir Robert,. as you. very . well know. I am: Jules: Ptin;. of the firm, y of Petion; and Fils, jewellers andi diamondi Smerchants). 186; Ruo- Montremorina. _Giv.e me, ie my diamonds !! '-Certainly,, my dear boy, eertainry,. d. In the meantime, Lady Elmore;, thie dira u. monds"tightly clasped to.her- breast,, made hg fer way rapidty through. the library. A thrill: ran. through' her, causing• her. C heart to beat tumultuously, as- she'gained, the I, :library door.. ,.. It was securely fastened;.but another~d'oor,. nearly opposite,. which, led into. a: small: s private study,. opening upon! the -ouityard;, y :stood' open. is oShe. entered,.te door crosed'behind:hei,,all: -means of-retreat were cut off?. ir- -th, the quick instinct otselfpreservatibn ck beio ?ng to hen class,.ihe.glanced, around,.foni some?ineans:of escape.. o; Thiii ? half -concealed: by the curtain, he i draperies, a man.confronted:her--a man; who, e to: her appeared like- a: ghost from: the. dead,. an avenging apparition from- the past,,conme he- to-take-adyantage of her extremity:. e- ' She was a: brave woman, to- whom anym tremor or fear was. almost unknown,;.but for.= id, long yearashe had' 'dreaded. this, -manls-fury,. and now she. trembled. and, cowered. befoe. th-him. e "P 'Do. you mean. to. -lill'me ~ she- de oi manded..' Dr Girard smiled" contemptuously;. in- The womands hand. sunk. nervously by her ie side. ': as .'She-'grew::ashy white; and the~ .tashed id, crimson all over her face, laughing recklessly of ' -Madeloni -Lassartei, adventuress; :-thief, . betrayer. - of thdiniocent,. your caree- "of orime-is endedi: :: i 's- Not quite yet~, mon ami. Remember -that 'je-. 1- am-your lawful wife. My- exposure-means ;as.your disgracei' Iliave already served" a term Ild iht. the galleys .Ob oneider: your ambition, .your-: brilliant reputation,. and' ask yourself. o hether yours-may not cost you. too.much, he A gain Dr Girard' smiled. . ir' 'You were -pitiless in, deprivig-existence d of all tsat could render existence dhesirable, Ire ' will shiow myself more- merciful than you,' lp he responded.... - is A gleam- of exultation,:passed: over the woman's face: as-. he threw open- the- door which :lad intthe qugiet griarden;. 0P As- shepassed. ihto-the air she drew a deep, n-breath of relief. thiat sounded aliost like a sob. " " " \- The sadden panic, the' treme~ndousitension of. eery facaty' of her soul alnost over Swhelmied- her as- the gendiame'estationed: at' r the door gently.laid his hand: upon Ilierarms of Ehi,. bien,.ma belle Madelon We meet agaihn.- : - of :-When- Dr Girard sought- Petiobn, le found. :. tdie unhappy -youthin the act ot being forced: n, intoa straight-jacket by-three stalwart atteni ,m dants,.while he demanded the return:of .his ad- dimnoiindsi.- and. diimiindbd- thie- author olt'ia thi misfortune.- - by I When, however,. the-gems- wer returned. adI to: him, and he liarned of the danger whicln ny , he had' escaped,.Petion's joy was scarcely" ess: \- excitable then his- terror hiad been i ini. The story of the great diamond robbery,. elf at the tim, create'd quite'i s.enHtion:. S The oddest thing of all was thiat the woman . who had 'so cleverly planned the scheme had: ly been penounced, by all eminent physeiians:a hopeless maniaec.. - .; The dootor -expliined to--iiterek 6pii itoflisttenei; s how the eocitement of her iaLd • venturous career had: shattered her nerves, S She was- possessed by the wildest hallunin ations. the greatest of' which was thateshe d was- the wife of the great Dr Girard him ti- self, d-· \- For ?he past quarter of a century there has ieens one. continuous flow of letters bearing testimony to the truly -ondrfulureeffected by -Clarke'es World-famedl Blood Mixture" "tlie finest Blood Purifier that science andmedlei skill have brought to light." Sufferers from-Scrotila. Scurvoy i Eczema, Bad legs, skin and blood, diseases, Pimples and Sores of anykind are solicited to give- it a trial to test its?: slue. Sold everywhere at- 2s8- d' per bottle,. Bewarse of. wurthlessimitations andi substitutes.-Adv: S Is football' brutal 1. No: But if - S Prize-fighters were jthe menr, - at Who played i as our 6oysr play ,. _- .; .le "?t would be- brutalthen. - ae S njpp I don't belieLr you. kno -right fromo:.wrong .. - ? -' - ed :'ipp--Yes, I do ;-you- are wrong.:: - : -A volume that will bring.tears toyour eyes a- A volume of smoke. - - , - Ant ss-He who assents - to- e>.erything ly :He - There's one great diffe~rence be-: tween that fellow nt the piano aud r an organ dy grinder. - ly She-What isit '?. : s.t- i y \- He-The organ giwinder wil sTopi ho ie himbr a threepennybit to 8go- aF?ay.d ; :-'? --:-,? ",-, ?. "....i.:, = -?.'? ' ::'.· ":· ::.?.-i: 