The Kiss oi Gold. .NOVEL. A By KATS JORDAN. CHAPTER X— .(Cow'i'iMUKi).) Everything was dark as she went blindly from the room. She had a faint intention of going ont in the rain, — a sense of supreme and awfnl loneliness. The door closed upon her, and she would have stumbled had not strong arms caught her. She looked up, and saw Richard Monklow. One glance at his face, drained of the hue of life under neath' the brown, the lips contracted, the "kind eyes sad, and she saw he had heard all . 1 asked for too much. Forget my words, Virginia,' he said, when he oould speak. 4 Forget all, save these, — that I can only live if you will let me serve you, and some times be near you. Iam yours. Use me as you will.' CHAPTER XI. Delatole was dressing to dine out. Ar he straggled with a collar-button he turned his head to listen to the lazy lilt of a song com ing from a room across the hall. His face wore an ill-humored frown. It was very evi dent that the song and the singer impressed him with equal unpleasantness. 4 Do Btop that humming, for God's sake !' he cried out, at last. 4 It's enough to drive one mad.' There was no reply, and a few moments later Torn lounged across the hall. He very different from the wavering, tempted man who rushed from Virginia's presence that snowy night almost two years before. His face had lost the flashing earnestness that rose from an eestatio heart. It had taken on resolute lines and an ex pression of worldly subtlety. The oheeks were slightly hollowed, the eyes placidly heavy, cold, showing the haggard lines of dissipation. 4 Was I singing? I swear I didn't know it,' he said, languidly. Delatole surveyed him with a cold, un changing glance. 4 Still in your blouBe and slippers. Won you look in upon the theatre- party at all? I don't care a hang about it.' f Aren't you afraid Mrs. Baudoine will send out a search-warrant for you?' 4 Let her send.' 4 Cool, for a prospective bridegroom.' 'Prospective idiot!' And Tom settled himself very comfortably on his back on at low divan. 4 I'll _ never marry Mrs. Baudoine. As the girl in the song says, 4 Something tells me so.' Couldn't you, with your managerial tactics, help me out of that scrape P Tou know she aid all the run ning— not I. Delatole drew on his gloves in silenoe. He grew very white, and when he came to the foot of the divan and let his eyes travel slowly over Tom's supine length, a rage only half controlled made his lips tremble. 4 In my opinion,' he said, slowly, with emphasis, 'you'll be in a fair way to need the material help of Mrs. Baudoine s money very soon.' 4 Really ? Oh, then there are times when marriage seems good unto you P' And a burning glance was flashed at him from be neath Tom's lowered lids. 'My o, >inion about marriage has not al tered in the least. But if a man can only fail, if he can't even support himself, the most practical thing is to find some woman gilly enough to shoulder the responsibility.' 4 Go on. Your English grows more vigor ous day by day. it's really a liberal educa tion to be allowed to hear you. Surely you haven't finished yet? You said more than this yesterday.' 4 No, I haven't finished. I want to re mind you once more that you owe me money. More than that, I want it. I'm sick of your spiritless languor. I never knew a man who let himself drop as you have done. Because you go at a rapid pace is no reason why you \ should go mentally. I haven't. But you can't drink at all, without drinking too much and keeping it up too long, in fact, you are an extremist in everything. There's a genius in moderation.' 4 Don't stop for breath. I am athirst for thereat. More,— more,' said Tom, without moving an eyelash. 4 Yon «bgH have it all. The time has oome for plain talking,' and there was a savage snarl in the words. 4 1 waat my money. It swiiiwi there was some hope of getting it from this Baudoine marriage, as I don't believe you'll write another word.' 'Don't you P' 4 No. It may be you've tried and can't — it may be you don't eare. In either oase I've been |bitterly disappointed in you. You're the hist embryo genius I'll put on a pedestal. Genius P By heaven! that's rioh. "Why, you've fallen into psyohical ruin. You ex hausted yonrself in 4 The World's Way.' An unwilling, dusky red started up in Tom's hollowed oheek. It ebbed slowly away, as, opening his eyes wide, he smiled at Delatole with an expression of positive hatred. 4 That is one of these charmingly soothing speeches we must learn to expect from those we live with. But you are wrong. The trouble lies here. I unfortunately must still be Sincere, and mnnt-. nnfc snmnfhina1 nf mvmlf into everything I write. When one believes in and oares for so little, it is very bard. I have not yet matched your stride, you see, — you who with one arm round your neighbor's wife eonld write an essay on the beauty of morality.' The door banged, and Delatole's footsteps grew fainter in the echoing passage. In the silence that followed, Tom still lay motionless, bis wide open eyes fixed npon the oeiling, the small unobtrusive sounds of a quiet room fluttering the loneliness that settled around him. "How I hate him !' and, though the word were but a whisper, their reality was intense. He thought of the past. That year in Paris, — every detail of it returned to him as he lay there, — that crowded, riotous, unholy year. His first taste of pleasure ; his exuberant appreciation of life carrying him along with the rash of a laughing stream going down-hill ; the new, fevered atmosphere ; the days spinning by in a sort of moral vertigo ; the orowd that oalled him to follow where it was brightest, that brightness lining the sheer descents of vice. And now ? Now he was back in familiar New York, bound by honor to a woman who wearied him, inclined to rid himself of the obligations he had assumed in the beginning through sheer disinclination to the trouble of resisting, following pleasure with a fore knowledge of weariness, in debt to Delatole while straining at the worn-out cord that bound them, struggling against the mad dening inactivity that palsied bis faculties in the art still dear to him. A sharp, quivering breath oame from his lips. Delatole had spoken truly. Something had withered within him, or in the degrada tion of his life he had lost it forever. He had striven to write, and always in vain. His ideas were no longer vivid, stirring, flowing to a logical sequence, but dim, abortive, a haze of tangled threads. HeapB of closely-written paper, upon wbioh the best effortB of his brain had been expended with the feverish intensity a man feels in rnnning a race, had been cast aside as worth less. The day was sorely coming when his world would know the truth, and liken him to a plant that puts forth radiant blossoms once, and withers in a night. How miserably he had failed ! Was there no escape from social annihilation, except by trading on the infatuation of a woman ten years older than himself ? And once— once — when he had thought like one inspired, and honor was a shining reality in his life, he had betrayed love for a chimera. But he must not remember that, and least of all to night, in the silence, when his thoughts were like knives in his heart. He stood up, shivering, and from habit turned to the sideboard. He half filled a goblet with brandy, and laughed aloud as the decanter clinked against the glass in his hand, a laugh that subsided to a chuckle and rose again, heating upon the stillness like the wings of a oaged bird. 4 It wouldn't he out of order to drink a toast to my own defeat.' When he re-entered his studio a few moments later, his eyes were flaming, though the smile, a hideous contortion, lingered on his lips. An open letter on his disordered desk faoed him as he Bat down. The olosing lines caught his eye : 4 1 will finally withdraw 'The World's Way' from the road in a fortnight. Now that four-aot society drama is what I'm waiting for. In two years I've had only two curtain-raisers from you, — rags of things that only drew at all beoauae your name was to them. If I can't rely on you, I must look elsewhere. If you're not going to write any more, for God's sake say so. 4 Ghorgb Plunkett.' He read it and tore it to bits. There was a sob in his throat as his eager hands went searching through the mass of papers for half- sketohed plots and notes of ideas, not worth the leaves they were scrawled upon. He would uot even leave a scrap; All should be destroyed. And these orowded, dusty drawers, they too must be emptied, lest some day when he had sunk into comfortable apathy, with only a profound respect for tho well-being of the body, he might open them, and hear each fluttering leaf whisper how he had once dreamed a dream. He worked with an eager intensity, as if following his heart's desire, even went on his knees and scattered the sorawled sheets right and left, then paused abruptly and looked with puzzled eyes at what he had dragged out, — a long roll of manuscript, dusty and tied with gray tape. He did not remember it, had never seen it before. Yet wait: now that it lay nnfolded before him, a fully -written play, he did recall the title, — 4 Dootor Fleming.' Just before his departure for Europe, a distinguished -looking man, in the traditional shabbiness of unrecognised merit had called on him with this play, asking in a shy, em barrassed way tnat he, the splendidly pros perous young author, would readit, and tell him what its merits were. . His papers were never touched by his servant. It had lain forgotten in his desk for more than a year. And the man who had brought it —where was he ? Still kneeling among the mass of dusty papers, he turned the leaves. A letter fluttered to the ground : 'Dear Sir,— 4 £ enclose this note, as it may not be pos sible to have an interview with you. The play 4 Dootor Fleming,' whioh' I- beg you to read as a favor to me, has for its basis in cidents in my own life. The scene in Russia is particularly accurate, and I think presents a dramatic situation distinctly new. 4 Yours respectfully, 4 Felix Dawson, 4 No. — Bedford St. 4P.S. — If you can find lime to look it over yon will be doing me an inestimable favor. I beg that you will be careful of it, as I have no copy, and, even though it prove commercially worthless, it is very dear to me.' 4 Very dear to you,' Tom said, slowly. 4 1 know just how you felt, Mr. Felix Daw son, when you wrote those words. Very dear to you. You shall have your treasure hack.' He turned the first page with a pitying, half-langnid interest, but only the first. After be felt amid the destruction of his own work, paying'tribute with enraptured senses to the genins of another man. The manu script fluttered to the floor when the last climax was reached.— .a climax that made every nerve vibrate and awoke his senses like a trumpet-call,— and with strained, hot hands he grasped the ohair. He looked around the silent room and down at the bundle of half -furled papers. Oh, that imaginary life pictured there through laughter and sighing, like gems through dust and tears ! It was more preoious than amagioian's wand. 4 If it were mine!— if it. were mine!' he said, aloud, and a woman's laugh drifted up from the street, as if she had heard that ory and mocked him. He sprang up and turned the key in the door. Then he stood listening. The action was guilty, almost before the thought : 4 Ne one will know - if 1 make it mine.' It was foolish to tremble so, of coarse. The cold drops on his forehead were foolish too, and his fast-beating heart. 4 No one will know,' he said again, and there was a note of defiant joy in the breath less ory as he picked up the play. A sound attracted his attention. It was the far-away throbbing of a street-band, the air a Gorman battle march. It was long since he had heard its heavy, rolling sweet ness. with that floarinor underheat of sadnnsa oreeping in like a knell for many of the mul titude who marched onward to its swing. A flicker of pain crossed his uneasy eyes. He knew that maroh. Virginia had often played it, and it pulsed through the warm night with a wake of memories. Her face in its diurnal beauty rose before him, then a slim, white- robed body floated to join the face, an arm, a hand with finger poidting at the play, crushed in his grasp. Yes, her very voioe was in his ears. 4 You will not — you will not steal it, Tom ; you oould not fall as low as that.' He dropped into a ohair, hiding his face upon his clinched hande. A sadden nostalgia weighed siokeningly upon him. 4 You will not steal it, Tom,' rang the voice in his sonl. . But he looked up again after a while. Her face was gone. The Germ am march had dwindled to an echo. 4 Yes, I will,' he said, steadily, as if defy ing an invisible mentor. 4 I'll take it. I'll not be a fool. It's a chance to redeem my self ; and I cannot let it go. I can't. The man who wrote it must hi dead— he is dead — and — there's no copy of it. I can choke down Delatole's sneers, — I ean pay my debts — I can start afresh. It will be life, hope, bread to my soul. I'm not going to let a fanoy befool me. If it had fallen from heaven it oould not have come more opportunely. Conscience ? Bah !' Bug for all his bravado the violenoe of the temptation made him stand petrified peering into the shadowy corners. Every oreak in the silent hous9 appalled him as he mentally weighed the chances for and against detec tion. He passed his hand aoroBs his trem bling lips, his narrowed eyes upon the looked door. 4 I'll do it,' he whispered. All night he bent over the pages, copying the play, here and there touching it with wit that came to him then with diabolical readiness. His heart warmed over it. It seemed to become his own by the mere, changing of the names of places and people. He left no chance fragment of the original play to betray him, nor of the letter, and even tried to forget the man's name. By haorning all was done, and done well. As he stood up, a wan and haggard ghost, ' a crimson haze swept in, enveloping him like a blur of blood, and the lamps of a new day were lit in the east. CHAPTER XII. From that day Tom was never alone. His secret went with him everywhere. When after a month's hurried preparation the play,: reohristened 4 In the Name of the Czar,' was put before the public and he knew again the intoxication bf praise and applause, his seeret had muoh to say to him of a confi- denial and contemptuous nature : V 4 If these people only knew- the truth ! Can't you fanoy how the friendly hand-olasp would grow startled, cold, ana the fingers leave yonrs as if they had touched something unclean ? Yon have the arena all to yonr self. The plaudits are all yonrs. They do not know. But I do, I do.' He listened with a growing equanimity to these whisperings. He saw the philosophy " of getting on the friendliest termB with his seoret, since it wonld never leave him. Be sides, he possessed it absolutely. He never considered that some day it might possess him. It was now early in December. The theatres had just deluged Broadway with thousands of matinee-goers. The evening was slushy, the air damp and warm. Rose- leaf tints flecked the smoky vapor of the sky. At the perspeotive of the crowded street, crawling like a luminous cleft between vast masses of rook, the humidity had heaped itBelf into a low-hanging, pink oloud. - Tom oame out of the stage entrance, pansed to light a cigar, and strolled toward Broadway. He had not risen until three o'clock. The day was just beginning for him. His face had the opaque whiteness debauchery leaves, and, warm though it was, the ocoasioual dabs of damp air struck through him, carrying & depressing chill. As he turned the corner the currents of people eddied around him. wandering glance alighted with butterfly swiftness on the trifles that sway a orowd, the eyes strained, piteous, dark with an arraignment, a challenge. Tom's jaded heart suddenly livened with an awful fear. But he did uot pause. The streets swayed around him as he walked on. Once he turned as if to glance at some flowers in a florist's shop, and he saw the pale lamplight and the gray dusk easting a weird radiance over the face. He was being followed. He seemed to hear those dogging steps above the multitude of footfalls on every side. A hansom stood idle at a corner. He sprang into it, telling the man to drive fast, and sank back, feeling bewildered, stunned, Biok. Felix Dawson, the man he had defrauded, was alive. It had been so easy for Tom with the com fortable suppleness of his nature to assume that this man's long silenoe had meant his death, and gradually to assimilate this sup position until it became a surety. He had never realized the enormity of his act before. Felix Dawson had been but a bhadowy memory to him,- a name. He had taken his play, and by tortuous, sophistical vein of reasoning this fact had grown co seem scarcely worse than if he had only destroyed it, since no one was injured. It was ho different, now that he knew Felix Dawson was not dead, — no longer a memory, but a man, following him, his heart fired by this wrong ; a man with eyes to /scorch and voioe to he raised iu condemnation ; ' an opponent to face, to fear. His coming meant rain, disgrace before the world, but it meant also a sudden, sickening awakening to the nature and con sequences of his act, a shame and hatred of himself. He was a thief in the commonest sense. When the horse was pulled up at the curb before his door, it was almost a shook. He had been sitting upright, his hands grasping the apron of the hansom, looking straight ahead, but blind, not even aware that it had commenced to rain. ' Something must he done. What ? What oould he say when Felix Dawson faced him? What defence oould he make ? That he was ooming he was absolutely sure. He must be near now. Perhaps in five minutes he would cross the threshold. Suppose Delatole heard him. Suppose the blow fell that afternoon. He Bat absolutely still, his eyes fixed upon the door, his veins holding a fluid, icy terror instead of blood. At last, to his intense relief, Delatole thrust his head in, saying, — 4 Are you going to dine here ? Well, I'll be back in time to have a demie-tasse with yon. I want to see you. Don't go out.' The danger of betrayal over for the moment, Tom breathed more freely. He crossed to the window and flung it up, letting the rain dash upon his face. The chaos in his brain was rent suddenly by one sententious thought : 4 ThiB man you dread has no proof.' No proof. The words sang in his brain, the denuded trees oreaked them, the wind laughed in glee. 4 Defy him. Defeat him. He is power- less. You are strong. _ The bell in the passage gave a whispering tinkle. Tom turned, scarcely surprised. The moment had oome. 4 Mr. Murray, sir, a gentleman to see you,' aid the English valet. 4 Show him in here. If any one else oomes, I'm out." Remember.' _ He was lighting a cigar with an affecta tion of carelessness, his back to the door, as the visitor entered. In reality his muscles were braced to a painful rigidity, his face was greenish white. He was prepared to deny the charge absolutely, to deery the man as mad. 4 No proof. No copy. No eye saw you. It is your word against his.' Braced by a dogged, passionless assurance ' iu the stability of the lie on whioh he had surely builded, he looked Felix Dawson in the eyes, and then his plan of defence shrivelled, his heart melted within him for very pity. This was not an accuser come to demand jusiice. This was a man in whom the fires of life had died. His eyes were graves of dead illusions. So might one look who had parted with hope and stood with outstretched, empty hands, crying to fate, in - tones of embittered triumph, — (To bb COMTINUWD.) 