ENGLAND v. NEW SOUTH WALES. HEAVY SCORING. ENGLAND WINS EASILY BY EIGHT WICKETS. FIRST DAY — FRIDAY. THE first appearance of Stoddart's team in Sydney attracted on the opening day of the New South Wales match a very fine gathering of cricket devotees. Tho weathor waa rathor warm, and a slight gathering of groy oloudfi on tho southern horizon betokoned to tho oyo of tho oxperioncod in matters ut mosphorioal a thunderstorm late in tho after noon. ThundorstormB at tho ond of tho day in Sydney, bowovor, donotsoriously uffoeb the wickot for the morrow, for tho Bulli soil has tbo valuablo knack of rolling out glass-like, unless of courso tho storm bursts out furiously mid pours for hours. Tho faot of tho English toam having arrived in Sydnoy at noon on Thursday, in a suoinl train which left Melbourno at 7.30 on Wodnosday night, was not encouraging for thoir prospects. Their form at tho nets on Thursday afternoon did not strike the large assemblage of critics as superfine. Mason, lioaruo, Richardson, and Uriggo did not practice. Aftor having lost tho toss to Lyons at Ade lnido and Trott at Molbourno, tho Euglish nioii woro naturally uuxions to gain tho oboico of innings this time. The captains, A. E. StoddartaudT. W. Garrott, stopped into the green to sottio tho mattor. When T.W.G. tossod tho coin, his smilo aud tho serious look on his companion's face told the talo of. bow Stoddart bad lost three couseoutiv.o tosses. By this time all tho morabors' ouolornros woro packed, tbo stands Bot apart for ladies being througod, tho coloring gny iu the extreme. Tho light bluo Eclats on tho lawn fronting tho large pavilion worn quickly taken up. Tbo outer stand was soon filled, but the grand stand before noon was not well patronised. About 7000 wero present at thocomuisneeinont of play ; in tho afternoon it had increased to 12,000. tho proceeds being £100. Tbo Pre mier, tbo Kt. Hon. G. H. Bold, was among tho early visitors. The homo team were at the wiokots all tho day, nud scored 303 runs for tho losa of fivo nickers. Tho start was really unpronitious, tbo first throo wiokets falliog for only 2G runs,' and those Gregory, Nnblo, and Trutnpor, throo of tho finest bats on the side. Trimipcr'a appearance to open tho innings with !Dnunan excited surprise, and tho wimlom of tho move was at onco questioned by many. It wonld perhaps have beun hotter to havo opoued with iMuckeuzio and Dunuau as of old, and have resurved tho colt for a lator plaoo j but as Trumpor himsolf was' delighted to bavo the opportunity of going in first, and as be'is a batsman without nerves, Captain Oiarrett's judgment has a good deal to commend it. That Truinpor failod in the first position was duo to a remarkably good catoh at point by Rajitsinbji, low down on his right Bide, from the second ball of Hirst's first over. Trumper had pulled a short ono from Biohard son to tho fenc.i, and also got a siniyliTiu tho Surrey man's first ovor. Ho was shaping with inuoh graco, ease and vigor when tho ond came. 1 thought tho ooft Rommciiacd too fruely ; it is just as woll, nuloss really Iooeo ones como along, to fool ouo's way for an ovor or two. 1—5 — S. Sydnoy Gregory joined his quondam com vaiiu in Junior cricket, in Senior cricket, and iu English cricket. Ho got Hirst's first ball through tho slips for 4 vory prettily, and notched a single next ball. Then from tbo first and fourth of Bichardson's second over be regmtorcd 8 runs. Donnnn played a maidon from Hirst who from the Agricultural end was bowling against tbo wind. Grogory got a single from liichardson's second ball of tho third ovor, but was immediately, afterwards thrown cut by Drueo iu trying to Btoal au audaciously short ouo to third man, tho stroke being inudu by Doiwan. It Boomod a foolhardy Ihing to do. Druee, however, anticipating Ihurnu, dashed in, picked tho ball up, and from a diotnnco of 10yds or loss throw at tho wiokot, the stumpn being struck by tho ball on tho hound. Tho iiltlo man was batting merrily, and looked lull of runs. As Bounau had rushed off, Grogory responded, for while D'jnuun hud no chance of gutting hack, there was a possibility of tho littlu man Kottim: homo if Storor had to takp the ball. 2—14—22. Noblo, tho hero of last season's big crickot, being iu splendid form, was expected to make a lot of runs. Ho oponcd by tiuoly ohoppiug the last ball of Bichardson's over square to the fence on tho off side— it was a full-toss. Tho first of the next over ho allowed to pans without striking ntit, but to his own and tho consternation of tho public it touched his off stump. Noblo looked dumbfounded for a moment, and thon retnrnod siowly to the pavilion, Ho could not account for tho happening, savo that ho must havo lost his block-mark, for ho thought tho ball came along atraight from tbo pitch. Phillips, bow over,, atates that it swerved in tho air and turned from the pitch ; tho ball just touched tho outside of the stuaip. Three down for 20 was terribly disappoint ing to tbo Welshmen, for the wiokot \yiib per fect, and thoro. was nothing of a dnugQrous uaturo in tho bowling. A great collapse in tbo batting socmed to bo commouoiug, but mnuy pooplo soothingly refloated upon tbo four for 28 ngaiiist South Australia ouly last soason, and the wonderful recovery made by tho lator batsmon. A big stund was cure to bo mivdo sooner or later. Iredalo's appoaraiico was bailed with ap plause. Ho and Donnnn sot to work with determination to make tho stand so many wanted. lrodalo, shaping with froodom and graoo, and Donnan playing every hall with grim oariiestuoss, did good work bj' carrying the sooro to S3. by luncheon, lredalo having then nmdo 39 and Bonii-ju 22. Thus far Bichardson's bowling had been severely handled, bis 5i balls costing a similar number of runs; bio length was erratic. Hirst, on the other hand, had delivered 15 overs for 1G ruua, and hnd lwirlcd against tho wind, too. Ho bowled mostly to Donuan. His pace was, however, not as groat as that of Bicbardson, while tho latter iras oertainly mu*. ui vuuu liiu iiiuwiiuauu ui ikii'ii, xi UMiliu n crioket was vory spicy, tbo first 32 ruus being made up of eight 4's. After luncheon the cricket of tbo bomo team greatly improved. Donnan (latoly not iu tbo bost of honltb) livened up iu pleasing Btyle, but lredalo ovorshadowod him. Tho taller man has dovolopod a now stroko to a ball on the off stump, or oven outsido tho wicket on the off-side. He hits it to tbo on side fonon. This stroko ho learnt from tho famous W.G., and u wonderfully offective one it is. Ho bit Biohardsou's fust ones to long on nud then square, tho Gold on that sido being loft vacant. Tho Surrey mail, with great por scvoi-nnoo,- continued to whool thorn up, and lredalo again smaokod tho ball to tho track. Tho stroUo dismayed lovers of orthodox batting. Hit a ball well upon tbo off-side to log! It was a crime. J3nt lredalo did it so often and so well that those who hadn't soon his innings against South Sydnoy began to slowly conclude that lredalo bad learnt some thing iu batting from bis English tour. Things wero going along vory morrilly for Now South Wales. ' Tbo partnership hnd now put ou 100 runs, by faultless oriokot, too, for neither man bnd.giveu tbo ghost of a chance. Presently lredalo began to oporato on Hirst, und iu ono over ho actually hit. 20 runs, all, Bavo tbo third ball (fiolded at point by Banjit siubjl), going to tho fouco. Threo times to the off aud twice to tho on fonce he bauged tho ball, the last Btroko past cover being rathor uppish. lredalo was choorod with rare warmth for bis brilliant work. This severe punishment of tho Yorksbiromon — off whoso 19 previous overs only 35 runs had been made — brought Hayward on at tho southern ond, and in bin second ovor ho got lrodalo l.b.w. Tbo decision was not correct, ns tho batsman played tho ball. The old Parrainatta cham pion bad contributed 90 runs out of 131 put ou in 97mia by faultless, gracoful and dashing criokot. It is worthy of iioto that lredalo admits having boon caught at tho,wiokotaby Storor off Hirst boforo lunoboon. The wiokot keeper waa tbo only one to appeal; but Thomson's docision was in favor of tho bats man ; as it was ligaiuat tho batsmen lator in tbo l.b.w. decision. It was rathor unfortunate for lrodalo to biwo failod to get tbo century aftor playing so ably. It will bo rooollootml that in 180-1 he got 133 in the opening match against Stod dart's team. His batting on this occasion was moro versatile and more dashing, but in off driving and hnck cutting ho did not got quite tbo old paoo into tho ball. Still bo mudo both these strokes oxaollontly ; but the bost of all was the ou-sido hit. lrodalo inado nineteen 4's and only sovon singles, his runs being thus aoiiipliod-4,.i,4,4,4.4,4.4.1,l,l,3,l. 4,4,1,4,4,1,4,2,4.1,4,4,4,4,4,8.. It was a vory linn bit of oriokot; Tho association of Donnan and lrodalo for tho third wicket resulted iu tho addition of 131 runs to tho total. Maokonzio staVlod vory slowly, and was over a quarter of nu hour at tbo wiclcols boforo opening his score. His first bonr's association with Dounaii produced rather dull play, and from it fuw people antici pated tho doreloutneut of n, splendid and prolific stand. At 4 o'clock- tho score stood at 201, Donuan 71 and Mackenzie 19. Tho adjournment occupied 25 minutos, aftor which both Dounan and Maokonzio playod moro frooly. . They put ou runs rnthor fast, Doniiau making the off strokos in tho dashing form for which bo was famous ubont eight yoara ago. Ab ho drew upon tbo century tho spectators applauded every run. Tho EugliKlimon, playing as keenly as ovor, had changed their bowlers, and had brought on Wainwright unavailingly. At 223 Storor ro liuquishod tho glovos to take up tho ball, Banjitsinhji for the time boingkooping wiokots. This versatility as a crioketer was rocogniaod by tho spoetators. Storor'B slow log breaks wero woll pitched—they teased Donnan, who was plainly anxious to oomploto his three figures. It was 5.15 wbon Donnan.by an off drivo to tbo grandstand, which Stoddart might havo stoppod noar tho asphalt edge, attained tho groatly- dosirod 1001 aftor four hours' dotor mined and faultless batting. Ho had not given a chance, and if his form iu tbo early part of the inniugs was not bright, the samo cannot bo said of bis.latov work, when ho was quito that of tboDoiman of old. Ho started off seriously' enough to make another century, but a little lator.in going for n singlo for a drivo to oxtra mid-off by Mackenzie, wa8 sploiididly thrown out by Hay ward— tho second Welshman who had lost his wicket in this way. It was a fiuo bit of Holding, and olioitod hoarty recognition. Donnau's 101 runs included 17 4's, aud woro put togoLhor in 4J hours, a rate of sooring which tells how seriously hu playod. It is the higbost sooro ho has ovor got in lirat-olass cricket iu Sydnoy. The partnership for tho fifth wickot had put on 127 runs, und Dounan had been a partner in two conseoutivo stands of over 100 runs. Mackemvio and Kelly played on for 25 minutes, when stumps woro drawn at 301 for fivo wickets, Mackenzie SO and IColly i. Tho big man did not give a chance, but while ho played vory corrootly, hardly put enough power into his strokes during tho first hour of bis stay at tho wickots. I/.iror bis form was excellent, still hardly ns vigorous as it might easily havo beon for n man of bis superb physique. Kelly shaped very fairly, but had a narrow escape of being yorked on tho leg Btnmp by Bichardson. Tho English bowling at no period looked diffioult. Hearno, Hnyward, and Hirst woro good length without dovil or twist. Bichard huii ab ii rail was erratic ; lauor uis longtu was goud. Hn was tho oulv one, aavo Storor with his slow log-twisters, who turuod tbo ball, and oven then it was only an occasional one. Bichardson's pace was slower than of old. Waiuwright was little used. Jiiounrdsoii secured ouo for 9S, Hirst ouo for 55, Hearne none for 51, Hayward ono for 48, Storor none for 27, aud Wainwright none for 19. The Holding was only fair, ana miroin a iow instances littlu of a brilliant character was done. Baujitsinhji'a catching of Trumper was distinctly good; his work at point wa3 vory fiuo. Maclaron did sploiididly all round, both near tho wicket mid out in tho field. ?Hayward, loo, did some good things, but somo of tho others fumbled a good deal. SECOND DAY— Satokbat. '. Tbo attendance at tho match on Saturday was about .'Ji,000, tho best previous record being 24,500 at tho first Test match ii: 181)1. Tho takiui-s wore dose ou .£1500. The sight was a gloriousone j that of tho ladies' pavilion being of great beauty, the qplors seen from tho opposite sido of the enclosure resembling thoso of a thickly-stocked garden iu full bloom. .Whon play was resumed at ton minntespasb noon, there was quito a large early gathering in tho outer eii'-io&iirc;, nud iilso in the grttud stand, the people atreaming into both enclo sures for a long timo. It was not cxpuctod that the wiekot would show much sign of injury -y tbo ruin, although perhaps lor the first hour tho Southern ond (to which Bichardson bowled; would ho slow. Stoddart tossed tho ball to Hoarno to tako op tho bawling from tho Eandniok side. Any doubt us to the state of tho pitch was Boon sot at rest, for Hearuo got ou no broak iu tbo stylo which lias made his namo famous us that of ouo of tha world's deadliest bowlers ou a quoor wicket. Kelly (4) aud Mackenzie (80) woro the not-one batsmen. Tho wicket-' koepor got n Biuglo through tho slips in Hearno'e first ovor, but upon getting to tho other end ho was splendidly taken at nhort slip by Storor off Bichardsou. . Tho ball camo back fast uud high from tho pitch, touched tho iiiBido of Kelly's bat, and weut uwny a lot towards tbo leg sido; so that it was a vory fiuo feat for Storor to catch it. C-5— 301. Coningham joinod Mackenzie but in Eichardson's next over tho left- haudor feobly played a loose one, pitched on his leg, back to tho bowler. It was an oasy one to despatch. 7—0—304. T. W. Garrott. tho Now South Wales captain, next stopped forth, aud mot with a really warm welcome from the public. He camo to tho wiokets at a period when Biuhardson wns bowling vory finely, and making tho ball como back occasionally very fast from the off ; at a period,' too, nhou a few notches wuro wanted, for thoro was really nothing the mattor with tho pitch.' Holed off by prettily cutting tbo fast bowler to tho feiico, but later found him very hard to seorc from. After Garrett had got an uppish single, Mackenzie (who had not added to his over night score) faced Bichardsou for tho first time. Tho first ball was woll pitched, and, coming back from tbo off a shade low, cannoned from the batsman's pads on to tho ou stump ; no nun. uoeu at me wickets 15 miuutos without scoring, S— SO— 309. . More misiortuued in storo. Iifneurno's next over GarrotS, ovur-anxious to go at tho off theory, cut ono wide of Banjilsinhji at point. The fieldsman outstretched bis left band and took a pretty and olover catoh as coolly as if he wore merely slopping ono ou the first hop. Tho veteran was vigorous enough iu his strokes, biit could uot time the ball. 9—5 —309. :. ? ? . l?our wickoti bad now fallen for G runs, and tho impression was boginuing to gaiu ground that the wicket was bad, but it was a wrong impression. Tho two loit-handors, M'Kibbiu aud'Howcll, were nut left long as associates, for Howoll was very well caught at mid-off by Druuo oK -Hearno without scoring, leaviug M'Kibbiu 2 not out. The best bowling figures on the English side woro tuosu of Biobardsou, four for 105,' aud Huaruo two for 50. Tho lprm of the Bide iu this department irns, however, uot up to expectations, and it is clear that on really good wickots tho English bowling is far from deadly. Bichurdsou had taken one lor 98 on JFriday. , Tho English innings was opened at ton minutes to 1 by Maularou uud Mason. The bowling wns entrusted to M'Kibbiu and Coningham. The former opened1 with a maiden to Maclareu, but Coningham's over produced 5 ruus. Thou M'Kibuin, with the third bp.li of bis second ovor, a splendid broak back, took Masou'u middle stump amidst groat .ubeuriug. 1— 1— G. M'Kibbiu bad thus taken a wicket without cost. . ?, ' . . Tho nppoaranoo of Ranjitslnkji striding with a springy step from tbu pavilion to the wiokots was greeted with extreme, heartiness. Tho Sussex batsman got his Hr3t run, aud also Ibo first ono, from M'Kibbiu's bowliug in Ibo match through Howoll's misfioldiui; of ono at mid-on. Tho batsmen now shaped woll, but carofully, Milolaron taking 25min to coinploto bis 10. Whon Banjitsiuhji bad made 7, n buck-break from WKibbiu boat him, but it' Biiiokod from the bat past Kelly's -loft side. Tho batsmen running throo, Buujitsiiihji was thereby enabled to complete hisdoublo figures. Iu M'Kibbiu's next over Muclarou poked tbu first ball up high to short-log, just out of reach of Trumper. The next ball uloan bent tho batsman, but missed the wicket, and tho third also beat him, but struck 1mb puds. They wore throo beautiful balls, and their sticking up of tboLnucnshiro captain, who was shaping with nothing of tho out-of-form nbout him, druw doivn ' tho house.' Tho young .English man, howovor, in no way discoucortud, smacked the hut two balls of the over to tho fence. The ii .-'. was a short ono, which he pulled nuatly square to leg, tho other being a beautiful off drive. It was a sensational oyor, begun with a triumph without reward for the bowlor, finishod by n triumph witli roward for tbo batsman. Tbo bowling of M'Kibbin was suporb, uud tho two closing strokos by Maolaron, uudor tho pouuliar circumstances, denoted a norvo and a mastery of tho batting urt, indicating the groat player that bo is. Just boforo the interval for lunohcon Noblo was requisitioned to tako up tho bowling. at Coningham's cud. Ho sent down a fow modiuni-paco balls to Baujitsinbji, but the fifth, much faster, rose rather high, and the batsman endoavoring to cut it was snapped up by Kolly at tbo wiokots. Banjitsinhji delibe rated au instance ns if. in doubt us to tho decision, but bo was out. Tho appoal by tho Welsbinou was emphatic, and the ball 'was Bplondidly taken by Kelly,, Thus Noble in bis-first ovur against the greatest batsman of tho day had the good fortune . to got his wiekot. 2—10—32. Tho -players retired for luncheon, Maolarcn 19 uot out. Hayward, in place of Kaniilsiuliji ncoom panied Jluelnroii to tho wickets aftur luncheon. Ho opened iu taking stylo, tbero being nought of tbo poky and much of tho dashing in it. Tho Surrey mini, however, in stepping out to hit a fust, full toss outsido his legs from Noble, missed it. Kolly got across and stopped tho ball, but had ho taken it oleauly he must have stumpud tile batsman. He did well, howovor, to stop it at all. M'Kibbiu was bowling so woll that Maoiurcn, now evidently determined to upset his splendid length, began to lash ' out. Twice in one over ho lifted tho ball straight, one stroke produoiug 4 and tho other a single. Next over hn finely hit one high to square-log, the ball bounding ou to the grandstand lawn. Ho then lifted iinotlior over mid-off's bond to the fence— 50 up — M'Kibbiu having takeu ono -for 3li and Noblo ouo for 9. . .??-.-? : Hayward omulatod Maclaron's bxainple, and lifted one from M'Kibbin ovor Gregory's head to the fence. Tho next ball was a very lino one, tbo batsman suickiug it to leg. Hay ward followed out Ilia same bitting tactics ugainst Noblo, aud drove the ball hard to loug ou. Trumpor went for tbo cateb, but no one anticipated his getting noar it. Ho, howevor, just reached tho ball low down with out stretched hands. Tho young fioldsmmi tumbled over, bnt hold tho hall aloft iu ouo hand in .token of his wonderful oatoh. Thunderous applause was showered upon him for his re markable effort, and several of his onmradoB wont dowu to him and warmly eomptimoutod him upon it. It wns absolutely tho finest catch iu tho outfield we havo ever seou. Hayward had thus for tho fourth timeiboon unfortunate oiiough to fail to get double figures, his scoro against S-jnth Australia being (i. aud against Victoria 7 and 5. 3—9—6-1. Noble bad now taken two wiokots for 9 runs. Druce joined Malaren, who was playing fine criokot, bitting witli froodom. By dragging a fast short one from Noblo he brought Ins scoro to 00 at 3 o'clock, after 90 minutes' batting. Druco was shaping neatly, bnt was rather inclined to bang at M'Kibbin. At 8-t tho Cambridge captain lifted ono from M'Kibbiu toMaokenzio at extra long-on, but tho fields man running back to the asphalt edgo got it sidoways, and just failed to hold tho ball, four resulting. The noxt ball Druco swishod to sq uara log— 90 up. Maclarou then skied Noblo bvor Gregory's boad at extra mid- off. Two balls later the samo batsman fluked ono over tho heads of both slips to tbo fonco. Decidedly oirsk but decidedly fluky crioket this brought tho century up at ton minutes past three In the following over of M-Kibbin Druco again tried to hit him, but the ball weut up straight, and Douiiau at point secured nu easy catch. 4— 10-100. Storor, tho wioket-koopor, anil one of tho batting heroes of tho Adelaido and Melbourno games, joined Maclarcu, whose quota bad now reached ft!. M'K'bbiu had secured two for 59, and Noblo two for 28. So far Howoll bad not been tried with tho ball— a fact which puzzled not u fow. England was in nood-of a strong stand, and Storor looked just tbo man to make a sturdy partuor lor Maclarou. Tho wiokotkeepor upon facing M'Kibbin showed that Shrews bury's art of playing a breaking ball with the legs has its votaries amongst tho young ouos of England. He thus negotiated tho first, bnt swished the next us it broke back from outside the off stump to tho fence at aqnaro log. Tho following ball ho hit just out o£ Sonsian'B reach at point. Noble, who was now plainly tiring, wan hit by 'Mnolaren to log for ?1. Tho noxt ball was beautifully drivou through Urcgorv's baud to tho grandstand fence. Mnolareu was also busy in tho follow ing ovor from Noble, for ho dragged ouo for u couple, and cut the next to tho l'ciioo. Hoivoll, now tried for tho first timo, bowled a really excellent length, but Coningham was getting kuookod about, his lougth aud direc tion both being loose. Storor bib him for 2 aud 4 iu ono ovor, and then Maclaron dis patched him for 11 iii tho succeeding ovor — three 4's aud a 2— making his score 98. The first was a fiuo, high bit to leg ; tho second a hard, squaro stroke ou tbo off; and tho third a clean, Hard drivo past und-Dlt. The last ball of tho over Maclaron, within four of the century, skied high at mid-off. Uurrett rau' bauk, but could not get to tbo bull, uud 2 runs were made. A moro nctifo field would have brought off the catch. It was a distinctly bad stroke. Many of tho spootalors wore, however, pleased to soo the Englishman tboro still, us a cen tury was ouly a fitting reward for his fino play. Ho bad by tho last stroko brought his scoro to 98. Thou at SAo Muolaroii comploted bis first contury on tho Syduoy ground by placing llowell to leg for 4, the ball being kicked to tho asphalt by Trumper, who hud skidded to tho earth iu attempting to pick it up. The completion of. the 100 was fittingly rccoguisod. Storor now rovelled iu Coningham's bowling, aud smacked him very prettily to the fuucu square ou the off sido. Hunts ivero coming decidedly fast, save from Howoll, who was, however, taken off and sent to Coningham's end, M'Kibbiu boiug substituted for him just boforo 4 o'clock. Howoll hud at this timo taken uo wickots for 8 runs. At 4 o'clock thos scoro was 18S for four wiukots— Mucluren 104 and Storur 40, both not oat. Thoy had so fur added 83 runs for tho wicket. The fastest and best batting of tho day took place after tho 4 o'clock adjournment. Mau larou aud Storer rattlod up the runs in splendid style, tho hitler's oft' strokes boiug oxtromoly lino. M'Kibbiu bowlad mauy good balls, but tho batsmen- punished him mostly on the on-side, rather square, varied by nu occasional 4 for an off-drive. Noble relieved Howell,.from whom very fow runs bad been made. 'Thri younger bowlor sent down a Ben satioual ovur at 4.45. Macturmi skied ono ball to tbo off— a poor stroke — M'Kibbin just failing to reach it— it produced 2 ruus. Tho uoxt ball was bit uppishly squaro to the off-sido for 3; tbou Storor out ono pnst Coningham in the Blips to tho fence; awuhot'. Ihe next from outside tho off stump to square log — oli'eotivo if iuologaut— and beautifully hit the following ball square to tho off for 4— 17 runs from tho over. Hon-ull, it might bo again remarked, hnd n very good length, only 23 runs having been scored from his 12 overs. Both' niou con tinued to scoro vory fast, Maelareu especially hitting well nil round tbo wickob. Ho was evidently going for unotber contury., the luuk iu having the lofty ones drop froo of tho field omboldouing him. Howovor, at 250 Maehircn lifted ouo from Noble high to long-off, v.-horo lrodalo secured a nent catch. The batsman seoiug to whom the ball was going atartod for tbo pavilion, which one may take us u tributo to Irodnlo's catching ability. Muularon's 142 ruiiB wore made by vory fine criokot, and included twenty-one 4's. Tho off drivo and back-cut wero beautifully made, but the most ollectivo of all his strokes wero the hit to the on-side, nud tho pull. Although uot devoid of uppish hits, two or |hroo of which were decidedly lucky, the innings was a 7ory fine ono. Wainwright joinod Storor, but after making only 8 runs Garrott missed him rather softly at mid-off from Howoll. Tho spectators ironically applauded the mistaku, and for some time afterwards 'persisted in cheering eaub little bit of fielding done by the Now South Wales captain, who, luckily boiug nu old stager, was not ruffled thoreby. Wuinwright made a few vory nent off-strokes, but ho nlno plnyod sovoral uppisbly. Ho tappod ouo softly just ovor tbo head of M'Kibbon uud out of tho bowler's roaoh. In tbo giuno ovor ho hit ono into tho huuds of Mnekonzio nt long-on, und und to rotiro for 24 out of 27 put ou for tho wiokot. Storer had quiotohod down aftor Manlaren's dismissal, (i-24-277. -.?.''... \- Stoddart, a triilo out of form, had rosorvod himself for eighth place, and whilo coming iu the spectators gave him a oheorihu wolcomo. Storer had now inado 73. His captain was, huwuvor, not destined to a long stay without roturuing to the pavilion, ns ho softly played ouo from Noblo to Garrott at mid-off, and ro tired. When Stoddart had reached tho pavilion Storor nppoaled to Thomson, who gavo-thg batsmen uot out. Tho Derbyshire man accord ingly strodo across tbo greou to tbo pavilion, nud Stoddart, ungloved, roturnod with him nud continued batting. At his retirement the English captain hud made only 2. Stod dart oould havo bad no doubt about his being out, tho howler and catcher had none ; but both umpires woro 'of opinion that it was a ' bump ' ball. It was a stroke to mid- off, nud. went so slowly that wo do nob think it oould possibly' havo boe'n a 'bump' ball. Thomson, however, gave it not out, aud that sottled tho point. Slorer was, howovor, noon aftor caught by Kolly at tho wiokots from a fust- ono by Noblo for 73. Ho was at tho wiukets 2b Siiiin, during which 142 runs woro added to the scoro. Ho hud played a. vory iwoful innings indeed, nud many of bis off strokos were vory fine, hard, and clean, and his ou-sido swishes worn us elfectivo as tboy woro ungainly, aud disconcerting to tho towlors. 8—81—292. Stoddart (who was missed by Coningham off M'Kibbiu iu tho slips at 11), uud Hirst playod ou till G o'clock. They were both batting woll at the finish, but tho English ouptuiu for about twouty minutes showed littlu of his old form, Tho scoro now stands at 321 for tho loss of seven wickets (Stoddart 27 uud Hirst 12. The bowling of tho Welshmen was vory fair, but wo hardly thought it was woll handlod. Both Noblo und M'Kibbin wore howled too loug at a stretch. M'Kibbiu's throo wiokots coat 131 runs off 31 uvors. He bowlod bolter than anyone elsu iu tho match for u consider able period, but wns kept on until 131 runs woro on the board — too long. Noblo cr.plured four for 105,, and bowlod with very good judgment; but he, too, wns on at first while UG runs wuro being got, at tho finish of which ho wus very tired. Howoll bowled far tho bost longth, aud at times got in a very diffioult ball. From tbo pavilion end -he oamo buck occasionally ab a gooil paco. Quite insufficient use wns made of him. Coningham hardly trundled in his boBt form. Ouly four bowlers woro tried. Tho Holding of tho Wolshmon wns not up to their best form, fumbling being frequent. THIBD day-Monday. Tho wonther was porfoct for oriokot. Tho nltendauoo wus splendid, numbering ns it did about 12,000, tbo gato proueods being .£518. Tho cricKct was of u peculinr character. It was uneven. Beforo lunohoon tho Welshmen did sploiididly ; between luncheon uud 4 o'clock they fnred miserably ; botivoou 4.20 mid 5.35 they played grandly, tho romaiudor of the day tho Englishmen wore in the nsuen daut. Biehnrdsou's grand bowling and tho superb innings of Uarrett wore tbo features of tho day's play. ' Stoddart resumed batting to M'Kibbin and played him for a single to tho on. The noxt bull wus cut by Hirst just clear of Howoll in tho slips, aud it travelled to tbo fonco. It was at oncn obsorvod that Garrott had taken np his position at point, Coningham fielding at mid-off. Tho chango mot with geuorul ap proval. Noblo bowlod against tho breozo, and Stoddart jumping iu to the last ball of his first ovor, drovo it to long ou rorn. couple, M'Kib biu u second over to Hirat was a vory fine one threo of tho balls coining back fast from the off. In Noble's socond ovor Stoddart out one for n couple, but iu endeavoring to pull a hall n shade faster aud a triilo short, the English captain missed it, and was bowled middle stump. 8—32—333. Honrno joined Hirst, but' tho partnership wna at onco dissolved by M'Kibbin cottim' Hirst out l.b.w., it boing a alow log-break tosaod woll np— in fact, a full-toss. 9— 1G-333. Aftor Hoarno had got a oouplo off Noblo Jl'Kibbin, with his first ball, bowlod Biobard sou — a, fast straight one, tho iuniii's thus closing for 335 runs, or 21 tn tho good. Nobla captured fivo for 111, and M'Kibbiu fivo for 139 Tho last throe wickets had thus ou Tuesday ' morning fallen for an additional 11 runs, M'Kibbin taking two for 5, and Noblo ono for C. Tbo appearance of Gregory ns Donnnn's partuor to open tliu second innings of tho homo team ab 20 minutes to 1 mat with favor from tlio public. Bicliardsou and Hirst woro the jowlerx, Donuau getting a singlo from caeh iu hi* first ovor. Gregory waa quiet for a fow overs, 'during which Dounan notobod 8 to bis partner's single. Howovor, in one ovor from Bichurdson the littlo man started with 4 to the equaro-log t'enco, and followed with two moro 4'a through tho slips and a singlo from tho sixth ball. This wipod off tho dofiuit of 21. Grogory then plauod Hirst through the slips to tho fonco, but in tho samo ovor ho was struck on . the face iu endeavoring to got a fast Bbort ono to leg, Tho ball roae high from tho pitch, and went off Gregory's bat ou to his .jaw, just bolow tho oyo. Stoddart placed a man deop on tbo out to savo tho fours from Gregory's but, but even so, tho batsman ut.onoa placed one through' to the pavilion foiioo, his scoro 22 and total 30. Donnau got into double figures by placing Biuhardaou square to the off for 3, 6plondidly run Gregory again tappod Hirst past Stod dart, through tho slips, to the oommiltoo-rooni, wright, near tho asphalt, vainly endeavoring to get noar tho ball iu oach instance. Forty sovon.runa woro made iu tbo first half-hour Gregory's quota boing 31. Somo vurv flue fieldiiiL- was done by Maclaron nt third' man his picking up being particularly clover. Donnan also got Hirat away through tbo slips bringing 51 up in 35min. Hirst, iu tho middle of the over, changed to ovor the wicket, nnd his second deliverud ou that sido just missed Donniin's off-stump.' Richardson was just now bowling a vory fino length, and Hirst doing hotter after changing siddB, tho scoring, which had beou decidedly brisK, now lulled. Gregory, bow ovor, snickod oue from the left-hander past Mason, through tho alips, to tho fbuoe, and then completed his 40 by smackiu' another along the turf to Wainwright very deep in the slipa— 57 iu 'lOmiu. Throo mnidous were now sent down, two by Bichardsou to Gregory and tbo othor by Hirst to Donnan. Hayward roliovod Hirst just . boforo luncboou aud Donnan, ' by driviug him for a couple and placing him to log for 3, mndo fcis tally 22. ?'Ilia sooro at luncheon was 02, uftor 40miu play— Gregory 40, Douiinu 22. I During the interval the attondanoo largely increased, all tho stands boing thronged. Tho newa of tho fall of tbo English wiokots and' tho spiritod start by tho Wolshmon spread quiokly. Continuing play, Dounan drove Wiohurdson sploudidly to the off-fence, and also got a siuglo from the first ovor. Ho back-cut Hirst for a couple, but in tho same over was bowlod by n good length ono, which kept low. Ho had played brightly for bis 29 runs. 1— 29— 09. ? ? . lredalo joiuod Gregory, but after a few ovors the latter Biiiokod one from Biohnrdson to Storor at short-stop, and retirod with 44 to his credit. Ho bad playod delightful oriokot for his ruus before luncheon ; afterwards ho did uot soom able to time Biohardson just outsido tho off-stump. 2—44—79. ..--?. Trumper joinod lredalo, but aftor the latter had driven Hiret to tho graudstaud fonco, Bichnrdbou bout tbo colt with au excep tionally fast one, whiob oame bade from the off and took tho. top of tho leg-stump. It wus ouo of tho bost sent down. in the mutch Trumpor played too Into for. the ball, which broke tho stump. ' ? ... ?'. y . ?Noble fillod the gap, and on-drovo Biohara son's Bocoud ball for 3. Itiohnrdadn had now secured, two for 39, and Hirat ouo for 42 The Englishmen word fielding woll. Irodulo again hit Hirst Bquaro along tho turf to the ladies' pavilion. Bioliardaon got two bulls past Noble, just outaido biB off-atump. Thoy woro vory uloso to tbo wiokot, tho bats man npponriug nnablo to time 'thorn Noble, howovor, plnoud Eiolmrdson to ?tho on- side for 2 and 1 in tbo Burno ovor A dog now nppoarod on tho seouo, and had to bo eamod from tbo wicket to tbo pavilion by ono of the attendants. Shortly nftonvnrds lrodalo, after hitting Hirst to tho square-log fonoo, tried' his favorito on-side bit off Bichardson but did not got fairly hold of tho ball, which wont up to mid-oil. Hearne rnn bnok, nnd the wind entailing the .hall brought it to him, enabling him to mako an oscolloutly-judged catch. 4— 19-100. -''.?/.... Slaakeuzio joined bis olubmato Noblo, who, getting Eiobnrdson to log, entered doublo figures. Maokenzio got the first bull neatly t» log for a oouplo. Noblo, suffering from a strain to ono of Ilia logs, wiib not running woll between wiokolB, nor waa lio Bhapiug with 'biB oiistoiiuiry nureuess: at cither bowler, mie timiiig Hirst's on tbo off-side. Now 'South* Wales now led by 85 rnus, with six wioltots to go down. Tho bowling, espeoinlly of Kiohard son, seemod to havo gained tho uppor hand. Tho batsmon wero uuablo to do much with him. Noblo, aftor somo qiiiot play, mado his first hack-out off Hirst to tho fonoo. Then n snorting ono from BiabardBon bumped and whizzed pnst Mnekonzio' s fnoe. Hearno rnliovod Hirst (ono for 50) at 114. In Biehnrdson's next ovor a fast ono bronking bhcksniokod inside Npblo'a but, nud ho wns ?tnkon by Storor nt short-stop for 15. Ho did uot piny in his boat form. 5— 15— 114. * ' ' The next mini in wns M'Kibbin, the evident intention boing to put in the left-haudor (who has frequently of late shown himsolf to be n plucky bat) to try nnd stop EtohnrdBon, who wna bowling wonderfully well. Coiiingbnm'B doposal was duo to tbo fnct that ho has not Bhoirn any form ngniuBt fast bowliug. Richard son had now, taken four for 51. M'Kibbiu after a couplo of quiot ovora drovo Hearno to tho fonco past oxtrn mid-off, and plaoed the next ball to leg for a oouplo. A wido by Hearno in tho endeavor to bowl a log-break put Now South Wulos 100 ahoad.: Mnckoiizio and Bichardson woro having a duol, tho fust bowlor Bonding him somo splendid ovors, which tho tall batsinnu playod well without attempting a forcing hit. It wub a regular battle, but Mackenzie wnnnd up a series of fino ovors by cutting Biobardsou to the fonoo. Henrno, however, nftor throo maiden overs bowlod M'Kibbiu off bis pnd. 0— 7— 130. Thoro was a feoliug round the ground that tho Wolshmon woro 'done.' Tbo batsmon certainly. soomod to bo playing n losing gumo, the bowling of Eiohardson having, figuratively spoakiug, oollod them into a knot. Garrott, the hero of many n woll-needod partnership in Intercolonial criokot, ou coining out to bocoine Mackenzie's partuor, was given a warm reception. If ho could only bplp to rotriovo tbo position of tho sido how would Saturday's iinkindlinoss of tbo orowd change to thoroughly goiiiiino plaudits I A ball from Bichardson erhinoed from Mackenzie's pads to the asphalt, tho next ouo tbo batsman sont to leg for 3. A cotiplo moro for an overthrow woro got by Maokouzio, and then nt 4 o'olook tho adjournment took place— six for 140. MuoUouzio 19. Bichardson bad soourod four for 58 and Hoarno ono for 14. Tbo English ihoii had playod up magnificently. During tbo interval tho downfall of six of tbo Now South Wulos wiokets for 77 runs formed a topic for doleful comment. It soemod to bo thouaht there was now uo possibility of anything liko a stnud boing made. It was even thought that tho gumo would be all over by 0 o'clock. Garrett, upon resuming, hit Biobiirdaou ovor Banjitsinhji'a bead to tho fence, and then Mackenzio placed a looso ono from Hoarno to the fouoo ntloug-on. Garrott next swootly ont Bichardaon to the fonco— 151 up. Tho butting atartod with moro dusb than bud been shown aiueo the ante-luncboon period. By driving Hearno for a singlo, which Biohardson at mid-off mis-fielded. Garrett reached doublo figures. Muokonzio played a good ovor from Biohardsou. Thon Garrett hit Hearno to tbo grandstand fence, and cut him for a single. Tho score waa creeping up, aud tho spectators woro begin ning to becomo oiithusiaatio once more, Gur rotfc hit Kiolmrdsou square on tbo off to tlio fence, his score boiug 20, aud thou placod the fast bowlor to tho on for 3— total 170. Forty runs had now boon put on for tho wicket, und By getting Hoarno to log for 2 and putting him through the slips for n conplo mure the N.S.W. captain passed Mackenzie's score of 2G. This puuisbmout roaultod in Bicbardson, who hud now takon four for 75, giving way to Hayward, whoso first over produced 7 runs, 3 to Mackenzie, who had now mado 30, and 4 to Garrett, whoso eooro was 32. Thoy had now added 53 since the fall of the last wiekot. Garrett prettily out Hayward to tbo fence, and then a straight drivo for a couplo by Mac kenzie, followed by n fiuo drivo to the asphalt by Garrett off Hayward, brought 103 up. Storer relinquished tho pads and glovos nnd took up tho bowling instead of Hoiiruo (ouo for 30). Four runs (iucludiug a vory well run single) woro inndo from his first ovor. Thon Garrott by outting Hay ward to the fouoo boat tho previous highest rcoro |45) for his colony against English bowliug. Tbo same Btroko bronght 200 into view. Garrott thon reached his 50 by straight-driving Storor for n couple. Mackenzie, jumping iu to Storor, hit ouo hard over Bicbardsou's hoad at mid-on. The fieldsman jumped' uud touched tho ball with bis fingers, but it could not bo rogarded as a chance. . Mnckonzie, by placing Hay ward to leg, readied 40, and then the old stager brought tbo housu down by driviug Hayward straight aud glancing him, both strokes going to tho asphalt. The batsman culled a hult at 4.45 to havo u refresher. Resuming Garrott cut Hayward to tho i'enoo, and thou Mao konzio, by driving Storor for u oouplo, brought up 232—102 runs for tho wickut. Thus in each iuninys Mnckoiizio had beon ono of tho nsaooiatoa in a 100-run partnership. Tho criokot wns brisk and boautiful to wntoh. Tho batsmen now hnd tho uppor hnnd; tho gamo bad changed wonderfully. In ibo samo over Garrett hit ono back bard at the bowlor, who bobbed his hoad like lightning, otborwiso ho might have boou seriously injured. Tbon Maokonzio drove Storor to tho ieiioe, making biB score 51. Thobowling of tho Englishmen dtiriug tbiB partnership was severely handled, but the fielding, especially that of Mnolaren, was very fino. Garrott, by buok-outtiug Hirst, who reliovod Storor, brought his tully up to 70. Groat applause . Baujitsinhji retired to the pavilion, and Board took biB placo. Thon Mackenzie drovo Hirst to long-on for 4, nil run out. Tho stroko made his aggregate 135, just 2 ruuo abend of Dounuu. This foat was loudly applauded, showing that tho onlookers bud beou keenly watching the advance of tho batsman's soore. At last, with 21S rum ou the ? board, Garrett was taken by Storer, from a snick at the wiokots, off Hirst. ♦His 71 wore mndo in B3 minutes. It was as fine an innings ns any batsman oould plnv, tbo strokes being crisp clean, nnd well placed. Furthermore there wns not afnulty stroke in the whole innings. If not tho finest innings Garrett has ever playod, it cortaiuly is second to uono wo have scon from bis bat. As nu exhibition of sweet batting it was beautiful, ns nu effort at a pinch it was mngnifiouut. * Tho paitnorslnp was broken ut 25 miuutos to C,hnviug put on 118 runs. Garrott, who hit 11 4's, was npplauded with groat zest by eviiryone, tlio Englishmen join ing iu. Bnnjitniiiuji took his plaoo in tho field ns Kolly enme out to join his club mate. Imme diately Biohurdson was brought on, aftor having enjoyed n long rest. A peculiar thing uoW: occurred. Kelly drovo u bull bo tweon Biohurdaou nud mid-oil. The latter just failed to reach it. Hirst dashed- across from mid-off, uud us Kully had run down tho pitch without any response from Mackenzie, tho N.S.W. niukot-koepur stood still, thinking hu wus certain to bo rim out. , However, Storor failed to tako tho bull, it bounded from his pad to third mnu, enab ling Kelly to ruu buck. It wus a lucky asonpe. Howovor, in Hirst's noxt ovor Mac kouzio returned ono low, wbioh tho bowlor just got uudor, enabling him to malce u lino cuteh. Mackenzie's 5!) wns an invaluable innings, and made without au error. Ho playod very oorroot criokot, making not!. ing but vory sufo strokes, for which homo pooplo found fault with him. lio wus batting two boursnudtweiityminutes. How Coningham -juBt missed his spectacles in Hirst's second ovor wns a miracle. Ho hit at a ball straight on tho leg stump, missod it, but tothesurpriso of ovoryouo the ball miuBod the Ettimp, which took Storer so muoh by sur prise thub ho allowed it to go through bis logB to tbo, fonco. In tho next ovor, however, Hirst got through Coningham's defence, and tho two blobs wero hoisted uptiuot him. Tbo loft- bnnder shaped budly. Stumps wore drawn nt 259 for nine wiokets, Kolly 2 not out. \- Hirst wont ou at 237, whon ouly fivo wickotB wore down. In his lust tliroo ovora ho oupturod tbreo wickots for 1 run, and wound up tho day with four for Go'. Bichardson bowled grandly for about au hour nnd throoqunrtortt lifter luncheon ; bis nverngo, four for 79' hardly shows tho morit of his efforts. Mac laron and Storor did great work, and the ocuera ueiueu witu vim.^ FOURTH Day-Tuesday. . This was nnothor beautiful day for oriokot. As tbu nintoh wus loft in n fairly interesting stage, another most oxcollont nttondunco wns tbo result. Tho cricket of tlio day nns wholly iu fnvor of tho Englishmen, for nfter Riohurdson had bowlod Howoll with a oronsor for a blob, tbo visitors want in nnd scored 237 runs for tho loss of only two wiokots by suporb butting. Tho innings of tho homo tomn cloBod for 200 ruus, Kelly carrying his but out for 2 runs. Tho general opinion wns that tho visi tors would oxpericuco no gio.it difficulty iu making tho 237 ruua nooobsary to wiu tho niatoh nnd so it proved. Tho English innings wan oponod by Muc larqii nnd. Mason. Tbo formor Hlartod in splendid Btylo ngninst M'Kibbin, whom ho plnced to leg for a couplo nud drovo hurd to tho off boundary. -However, Noblo bowlod Maaon's mhldlo stump nftor tho hitter hud suiokbd him to. leg for 4. Tho EngliHlimnn ?'nppoured to bo deooived ia tbo puoo of tlio ball. 1 — i— 12. Somo vory quiot play followod tho appoar nnoe of Ruujitsinh]i nt tho wiokets. Both bowlors were closely watched by tho batsmon for sovornl ovors. Baiijitsinbji Hourly mnde nn error iu trying to got n Btrnight ono woll up from Noblo to leg. He eniokod itou to his puds, tbeuoo into tho slips. Mnolaren, getting a full toes— tho' first log-broak M'Kibbin tried to bowl — drove it to tho fonno at long on, and the uoxt bull bo- plncod uppisbly. through tho .slips to tbo fonoo. Ruujitsiuhji now begun to 'operate with n viow to runs, for ho cut Noblo to tho' pavilion feiioo, aud re pouted tho stroko next bnll for a couple. Thon bo plncod M'Kibbin uppishly through the Blips to tho fence. 200 to mako. Mnolaren, waiting for the right ball to hit, played M'Kibbin' b good onoB, but everything within driving dlstauco ho smuokod vory hard. After gotting him to tho fence and straight driving him for a couplo moro, Maolaron was fairly boaton by a beautiful break-baok from M'Kibbiu which just missod tho stumps. Maularon tried to get tho' ball by a loug forward etroko, but ho missed it nud looked anxiously to sea tho ahnpo of tho sticks. Tho batting was now very pretty, the strokes woll plnced by ouch batsmon. Noblo occasionally troubled them with his hunting ball, but oncb got ruus'frooly from him, 70 nppoaring nt 1.15. Maolaron, who had now mndo 39, clmngod his out. and with tho now one hit M'Kibbiu squarn to the fence threo timos in succession, tlio first two strokes boing over tho beads of tha field ou tho off-sido. Macluron had now mado 51, and was playing grandly, placing tho ball with great sucoess on all sides. Howoll wns triod in'plaoo of M'Kibbin (none for 4U) at 8G, tho first ehauge. Muolurcn plnced his first ball squaro to log, nnd played tho rest 'of tho ovor. Ooniughnin wns also tried in liou of Noblo (ono for 39). Banji iook u Buorn ono ronnu. to nno log — nt up. Then Howoll got a boautiful break- baok (whioh flow from tho pitch outsido tho off stump past the leg stump) throngh Mnclnrcn's dofenoo, but ugnin tho bntstnnu escaped, tho ball missing tbo wiokot — a bye. At luncheon Maaluren hud made 55, Bunji 34, the total 97. After- luncheon more grand bntting wns shown by Mnclarou and Ranjitsiuhji. Thoy hnd tho bowling- fairly iu n knot, notwilb standing repeated cbangos. Howell's first ovor yielded 10 ruuB, and another over or two later M'Kibbin wua called ou to relievo him. Noblo pegged away at tho other end. Buna came fast all round tbo wicket, tbe placing by each man being superb. Tho 100 was followed in comparatively quiok timo by 150. Coningham iud Trumper were uunvniliugly tried. Tho latter, howevor, nearly got Slnolaron nt 93, for he out ono uppisbly, wbioh M'Kibbiu could only got bis one band upon. Mnclurcu wns now closo upon bis second century in tho match. Runs ciimo apace. From tho SO's to tho 90's bo quickly sped, slackening nut a whit. Thou, swishing at Noblo, ho hit one high to oxtrn long-on, and, amidst groat obooriug, performed tho'extrnordinury font -of getting two oou turioa iu a first-clnss mutch. Tho next ball, a fast ono utmost ou to tho crease, from Noblo, broke Maolaron'a bnt, nnd ho roturnod to tbo pavilion to got a third ono. Mnclnrou wus heartily oheerod again. Ou returning to the wiekot, howovor, Noblo bowled him firat bnll. 2-100—192. Tlio partucraliip hnd yielded 180 runs by- faultless, artistio, nnd fast batting. Maolaron is tha first bntsmnn to compile u century in such nn important mutch in Australia. Hayward joined Rnnjitsinhji, and the lattor booh nitorwarus ronciiou uib oontury, tno applause for which was loud and long. Then Huywnrd got into doublo: figures— tho first timo since bis arrival iu Australia. Finally ho mado tho winning bit off Coningham— 237 for two wickots. ' Runjitsiuhji playod vory safo and vory fino cricket for his 112 not out. Ho wns batting 2 hours und 21 minutes. His strong point ia faultless timing. Ho reminds ono greatly of S..E. Gregory at- the wickets. He has not as many otrokos ns the Sydney man, nud does not put as much force into them. Still he is a safer bat, because ha takes fower risks. Noblo scoured tho only two wickots at a cost of 92 runs. - M'Kibbin had G4 ruua scored from him without securing a wicket. Howoll bowled only Tiro ovom, two of them boing nxeoptionully good ouos. It is difficult to understand why so littlo uso wns mndo of him. NEW SOUTH WALES.— First Innings. V. TJiUHMU, o Iiaujltsiuhji, b Hirsb ... ... 5 H. DONNAN, ruu out ... ... ,.. ...104 S. k QKEGOKY.rilu out ... ? ... 1-i 11\. A. NOJJLE, b Klohnrdsou ... ... -.., 4 I'.A.'IRKUAItG, lltir, bllarmriZ ... ... 00 A.C.K. MACKENZIU, b Hiolmruson ... ... CO J. J. ICBlilil', c Storer, b Bichurdson ... , ;., fl A. CONINGHAM, o mid b Uichnrdson ...' ... 0 T. W. GAlSltKTT.e ' Kiuijitnliittjl, b Hearuo ,'.. 5 T.B. M'KlUBIN.notout ? 2 W%HOWKLL,6 Bruce, b Hearuo... .... ... 0 Byes ? o Total .„ ... „, ,„?'? ,., ...all 0\. ' ? ar. n. w ltichardsou ? its a 305 4 Hirst ? 2J n hi l Ilonrns' , ... ... ? ... 27'5 ' 9 . t-5 2 llajwnrd ... ... ... 1G 0 43 1 btorer ? 9 1 a I) Wnlnwright ? ti 1 19 0 Second Innings. H. DONNAN, b Hirst ? 20 S. E. GREGORY, c Storor, b Eiolmrdson ... 44 V. TUUMFEU, b Kidmrusou ... . ? 0 r. A. 1RKDALE, o Henruo, b Klclmrdsou ... 1!) M. A. NO1)LE, o Storor, b liiclmrdson ..,;? ... J5. A. O. K. MACKENZIE, c and b Hirst ... ... 19 T. K.M'KIUMN, b Hirst ? , ... -, T. W. OAHUETT.c Storor, bHiist ' ... s 71 J. J. KKIjIii-, uot out ? 2 A. CONINGHAM, b Hirst ... .... .„ ?'...?'? 0 W. UOWIiLL, b niolmrilsou ? '.o Dyes 5, lojf.bves 7, wido 1, nb- ball 1 ,.; ' ... 1-1 Total ? 2oo O. 21. K. W nichardsoa ? Sft 12 79 5 liirst ? 21 o 60 4 Huywnrd ? U o 39 0 Hliuuo ? 18 6 41 1 Storer ... ... - ... 4 0 21 ' 0 ENGLAND.— First Innings. A. C. MACLABBN, o Irednle, b Noblo .... ? ... .US J. It. MASON; b,tl'Kil)bin ... ' „. ... '.,.1 K. S. UANJlTSINHJIi o Kolly, b Noulo - ... .10 T. IIAYWAUD.p Trumper, li Noblo .;. ...; II N. T. imuCE, oDiuunii, b M'Kibbin ... ... 10 W.'STOKEB.o Kollj, b Noblo ... ' ...... 81 E. WAINWltlGHT, o Maokouzlo, b M'Klljhin !!4 A. E. STODUA11T, b Noblo... ? ;....S2 Q. IT. HUIST; lbw, b M'KibWn ... ... ... 10 J. T; IIEA1SNE, not out .„ .-.. ,„ 2 T. KICIIAKDSON, b M'Kibbiu ?„, ... ..,0 Uycs ? ; „. ,., ,.. „, .„ 2 Total : .., ? ... ... ... ;„???. ... 3S5 0\. m. n. w. M'Kibbin. ? ... !)7'1 7 lao S Coningham ? H il 48 0 Noble ? 80 4 111 0 llowell ..... ... ... W 4 IS 0 Second luniugs. J. K. MASON, h Noblo ? 4 A.O.MAOLAltEN.bNoblo '.;.... .100 K.S.IJAKJITSIKHJI, not out ? 112 T. UAYWAKD, not out ' ? '~ ... J8 Bjosl, lcs- ejosa ? a Twe wiokots for .„ ... .?„.'? ...'37 M'Kibbiu.,, ',.,' .„ lii 2 ''? -J4 »' Noblo ? .,. si 2 (12 y Coningham ... ... U-l !- 31 0 , llowell ? : » 1 !! 1 ' Truinpor \\., .,, „, 8 0 S3 0 ; 1 