ii^^^^^S [?] jRrie-stre6t SA&rcfc;'itlie *£jri[&vient; -{&$: Hevi ; P. C Thomas) presiding oyer the proceedings. In the inprning- t*»e Stationing committee met, and in tho afternoon for an hour and a half a convention -was' held for the purpose t-f con sidering and -stimulating the pefltecpstai spirit, the speakers being the RevR. J. Odwper thwaite, B. A. {who presided). W. Reedj^W. H. Hanton, and lYB.-Angwm, M.A/ The Conferences inthe evening was preceded by a short prayer meeting. Them was a large, at tendance of members of the Conference, and a large number of adherents of the church were also present. The Rev. P. C. Thomas pre sided. ' Rbtieing Peksidknt's Address. The Retiring Pkesidekt (the Iley. P. C. Thomas), delivered the following presidential address : — We miss from our gathering to-day some whom tbs . church aud this Conference Lave delighted to honor. The angel of death has borne from us tho venerable Thomas Raston, who has completed a record in church work worth living for. To the Rev. C. T. Newman and the Rev. Charles Reed thisassembly tenders its most sincere condolence in their bereave ment. Mr. Newman has lost a faithful aud devoted wife aud Mt. Reed a member of his family. Many of tho homes of tlio laity of our church have also been darkened this year by death. We mourn, the loss of Mr. Charles Drow, whose valuable counsels this Conference &mv; many years has enjoyed, and whoso munificence has helped both our home and foreign missions. His place aB lay treasurer of the foreign mission fund lias been kind/y taken by the Hon. Alfred Catt. Our college, which by the results gained at the last University examinations, as well as .those seenred heretofore, and on which the headmaster and his staff are to becongratulated, has justified its claim to the proud position of being the premier scholastic institution of tho colony, and to which we strongly adviso our peoplo to send their sons, lias been called to suffer a ereat loss in the death of the second master, the late Mr. Sunter. Mr. Sunter came from an eld Methodist stock, and did good work for the college. In this connection, also, permit me to refer to the loss sustained by our church, by the colony at large, and by the cause of education, by the death of Mr. Hartley intiie vorypriice of lifeandin the midst of his invaluable labors. Hu was a son of the parsonage. His father was an honored minister of our church in tho old country, and iiis brother is to- day the secretary of tho British Conference. Many other, families than those mentioned have been called on to suffer be-' reavement, and to theso we tender our heart: felt sympathy. During the year our beloved and honored sovereign Queen Victoria has reached the sixtieth year of her reign, which exceeds that of any other British monarch that has ever sat on the British throne. This Conference, representing the VVesleyan Church in South and West Australia, will embrace the oppor tunity to congratulate her Majesty on this auspicious occasion and to assure her of the continued loyalty of our people to the throne and to her Maje ty, and to pray that the bless ing of Almighty God may continue to shine upon the remaining years of her reign. The executive committee, which was called into existence last Conference with the object of creating greater interest in our connexional work, has done good work. The attendance has been fair, and a keen interest has been taken in the administration of the funds and other business of the committee. At the last Conference a committee was formed to provide for a more general and sys tematic effort in Home Mission work. The selection of the Rev. J. B. Stophecson as sec retary fcr'the committee had more than justi fied itself. The sum ot £349 lias been raised, leaving a balance of £160. This balance should he raised at once. Thanks to the services of Mr. E. B. Colton tho special committee havp obtained a loan of £7,500 at 4 per cent, lor the Broken Hiil trusts, which liave been considerably relieved thereby. New churches have been opened at Willunga, at Northfield (in tha Archer-street circuit), and at Kybunga (in the Clare circuit). Whilst our operations in this colony have been somewhat restricted, it is cheering to know that in West Australia, under the capable chairmanship of tho Rev. G. E. Rowe and his noble band of ministers, tho work of the church, like everything else, has boomed. Our church has not only kept pace with the rapid increase of population, but is steadily gaining on it. The church membership has increased one-third during the year, eleveD additional Sabbath-schools 'have been opened, and fourteen new churches and two parsonages erected. Extensive alterations and improve ments have been made in the churches of Perth and Fremantle, and the district Synod is asking for six additional preachers to cope with the extra work. The Siaters of the People are to tli3 front, and are doing splendid work for Uoa and ins church. Such is the ex pansion of our work in the West that we have reason to thank God and take courage. Through the cyclone wbicli recently devas tated Palmerston, our church and tha church aud dwelling-house of our Chinese missionary were completely wrecked. Our minister and his wife and family, together with our mis sionary agent and his wife and family, all preatly suffered on account of tho terrible storm. We deeply sympathise with them all in their trouble, and are thankful for the spirit of liberality which is being shown in helping them. We hope we shall soon be in a position to send them along anew church. By a resolution of the last Conference the question of Methodist Union was submitted to the members of our church in . South and West Australia, to tho inembers of bur quarterly meetings, and the trustees of our church pro perty. The result of this vote will be laid before this Conference at tho proper time. This Conference will place on record its great albMality^i^tfejHad;*^^ ^uma,foe ourpiadttce, nvill liolp very much *d^ase_toe^low which has fallen up^nui^^' - \--:The internal life of our cburuh as shadowed forth iutbe iijembetBhipreturnsi9nQt«e«atiB- ' factory ; a* tsould lie desired. There is a do- * crpafee in the year's work which ought not to ho. -YaripuB reasons' Jnay; bo giv;en which will help in some measure to . explain the decrease. The lotge exodus to the West, the an w»ttleu-Gnt in the -'north, owing, :, to thd drought, and the very careful revision; of .our «hurch roll, will all help toaccountfor the fihrinkacre in the returnB. But, do they ex plain all? Do they go to the tap root? la there not' a need of deeper spiritual life, of closer communion and fellowship with God, of ' a renewed baptism oftha Holy spirit f Given this, and we should not mourn over, a decrease : in -our membership. It is impossible to tabu late i all the Bpiritnal results that have i been achieved. _By the ministry of the church men are raised into a nobler; way of living ; the home society and the State are enriched; . Like the silent but mighty forces at work, in tbe world of nature, tho influence of the church is all pervasive, and that influence was never ? greater than it is to-day, but the results of that influence can not be tabulated in our church returns. The work of saving men is a complex work._ Lifo is more intense aad absorbing ? than in the days of our fathers, lien are more immersed in the question of how to live than they were, and hence the difficulty of develop ing spiritual life, but be the difficulties what they may they, niuet be faced. Our mission as a church is not altered. It is to Bave men and spread Scriptural holiness throughout the land. Methodism as a branch of the divinely -founded church possesses the distinctive characteristics of the primitive church in apostolic times— teaching fellowship, breaking of bread, and prayers. This is what Ghrysostom has called an angelic republic. As a part of the great Catholic Churoh of Jesus Christ we have come into a great posses sion, one of purity, devotion, doctrine, and church polity that was apostolic, but there is a tendency in some quarters to hold these thinRs lightly. Newness and novelty are the catchwords of to-day. The ppndulum of fashion is swinging away from orthodox teaching, and the tendency of tha (Treat: world around us is materialistic, sordid, and selfish. But how are men who have gone away from God to be brought back to him, to peace and rest? There is no other way than that of the cross. Governments have tried to find a wayand hare failed, and so have eduuatir.u, art, science, and humanitrvrianism. However much the world has advanced human nature is still the same. It is corrupt, sinful, depraved. Sin is not a mistake, not an infirmity, not a result of our environment! nor .tbe outcome of our ignorance. It is rebellion against God, and the antagonism of the will can only be removed and man reconciled to God through the atoning merit of Jesus Christ personally applied to the heart by faith. The primitive church made ample provision for the interchange of Christian thought among its members, but of tho niode in which it was practised we have no distinct account. The eight or ten members of John Wesley's class meeting were sharere in ono life and one hope, and therefore they desired com munion. This, too, is what our church has desired to meet in her monthly church fellowship meetings. Let us attend our class meetings and encourage our people to do so. There was a time when the cry of the penitent mingled with the song of the matured Ghristian, and the result was our class meet ings were aliva and attractive. Aud so will they bo to-day if the same elements unite. Much ha3 been said about the manner of con ducting our fellowship ineeting3. There should be no uniform plan. Circumstances and con ditions must determine the manner in which they should bo carried on. From the first the class meeting has been the training-ground of the church, and from it has come our Sunday-school teachers, our leaders and _ ate wards, our local preachers and our miuisters. Absudoa tba class-meeting and we give up that which has been the conservator of our use fulness and strength. It is a safeguard against; the sacerdotal tendencies of oar time. la certain quarters to-day there is a great in difference to all organised Christian life. Men ara impatient of all kinds of restraints. The cry is for liberty. But it must be borne in mind that it is not a matter of indifference whether a Christian man beloug-3 to the organic fellow ship of the church and is a faithful member of it or not. It is a clear Christian duty to serve tbe fellowship and to be served thereby, and whoever neglects so to do must inevitably suffer in the spiritual life. The church must be a home ; in coming into it wo come to be ministered unto.andto minister. A great inheri tance of Christian fellowship lias come to us: let us hand it on, improved by having passed through our hands, to our children. Let us speak well of tho church which under God has mada us what we are ; and let us ba loyal and faithful to her institutions. One of the needs of to-day is a little more healthy denomina tionalism. Wo thank God for the Christian Endeavor movement, recognising in it an a-gency which has great possibilities for helping- the spiritual life of the young. Let us throw ourselves into it as far as possible. The .young to-day need all the help and counsel %vs can give them. Tho pleasures of sin are fascinatingly attractive. The gulf stream of worldliness runs smooth and subtle, and the tendency to irreverence, disobedience, and the casting off of all restraint is strong. In addition to -these Sabbath desecration is on the increase. Cycling has put anew temptation in the path of .the younpr to which we fear many are yield ing. Sunday excursions and picnics are taking the plwje of attendance on Divine worship. A. pernicious literature whioh scoffs at evangelical religion is sapping the -life of the young. Theso are some of the evils against which our young' people have to do battle to-day. ? LeB- iia in every possible way help tliera to fight them. As a church we heartily endorse the great social movements which ai-e at work for the betterment of our fellow-citizens. Methodism has sought to be the church of the people. In her government the lowest member has free access to the highest courts, Whilst avoiding. 'party polities'' we emphasise the fact that iS is the duty of all our people to take -a living interest tn the public affairs of the land.. . We are free citizens in a' great country, and it ia . . our duty to exercise our lights in the fear pi' '??'.?' God. Our vote ib -a sawed ?trust^'and as such \ .;?????;?? we must exercise it. It is a--fhame-to:our -':L ?.'. ' ''' -. Christian commonwealth that any unmoral ;-\\- ; '?'_ man should be allowed to occupy a seat in the ' hallB of our Legislature or in our munioipali- v ties. Such seats and euch honor and. such responsibilities should be for the-chaate, tem perate, and God fearing men of tbe land. We sray that the will of God may be done on earth as it is in heaven. Let us help God to answer this prayer by taking our conscience to the ballot-box. Ability or party considera tions should not be the first considerations, but character. I need not ask ftroOonferenoe whether it is tbe 'will of God that im morality and luBtfulindulgenceshould be made difficult ; whether women should berevarenoeS ?and honored ; that gambling, the -curse of Australia and the destroyer of men«nd women, should J»s banished from tbe land t that the system of sweating should sbe *w6pb *way j that intemperance and ^otuersscialJBviJs wluoh. ^ «re«,menaye'to the -social Jife iol^-ur«ja6t«y ^ ; MX'J ^ ^cna(a.toBputaown; With oiio voice you toy. '':'?; j;fi«u: ; 5?hfen4et «8 ..see! that right and true ;m©n *j aite«ehtifor«rardaBonrrepresen(»tives.: Next -?:.. to the regeneration of the individual is the re generation of the State. Let ub help in the accomplishment of each. ? \- Election op Pbesident. The eleotion of anew president resulted as follows :— Rev. J. Berry, 70; Rev. R. S. Oasely, 11 ; Rev. W. A. Langsford/7; Rev. J. H. Trevorrow, 3 ; Rev. W. B. Mather. 2 ; Rev* J. Rooney, 2; Rev. H. P. Burgeas, 2; Rev. J. Leggoe, 1 ; Rev. O. T. Newman, 1 ; Rev. G. E. Rowe, 1. The election of the Rev. J. Berry was confirmed by a ministerial ballot and he was installed in the chair and pre Bented with a Conference Bible. _? The Phksident- elect, who was received with applause, gave a short address in which he thanked the Conference for the high honor they had conferred on him. He gave them as a motto for the coming year 'Back to the Holy Ghost.' Was the Holy Ghost then neglected ? he asked, and unhesitatingly he answered 'Yes.' One proof of it could be seen in the tone of modern literature. Was the Holy Spirit neglected in their preaching ? It jt were not they would not have a report of a decrease in the year's work. They would only get the old fire back in the church when they got back to the Holy Ghost. The question of Methodist Union, which raada this Conference euch an important one, was one on which he was not now called to express an opinion, but he could say that every man of them wanted the same thing — they wanted to know the will of God. In that respect there was absolute agreement in this Con ference, and it was surely for him to indicate the direction in which that will could be ascertained. It was only by adopting the motto for the year and carrying it out — '.Back to the Holy Ghost.' (Applause.) A hearty vote of thanks to the retiring president for his services was carried with acclamation. Ai'i'oixrziEST of Other Officers. The Rev. W. A. Laugsfurd was re-elected secretary to the Conference by a large majority, receiving 78 votes. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded him for past services. The Revs. T. A. James and T. E. Thomas, M.A., were elected assistant secretaries. The Rev. It. Kelly was appointed letter-writer. Hours of Session. The hours of session were lixed as follows :— From 9.:W a.m. to 12.45 p.m., 2 p.m. to 5.30 p.m., and 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. The Stations. The first reading of the stations as recom mended by the stationing committee was as follows : — ? I. Southern District.— 1. Adelaide— (Pirie- street) Robert S. Oas-Jy, George E. Whea-tk'y (Draper Memorial), W. Benson Mather (Mile End), Walter il. Hanton (L'arksidu); James Read, supernumerary ; bojk steward, — — ; general secretary Homo Mission, ? ; editors Christian Weekit/ and Mclhodist Journal, ? ; chaplain to gaols and hospitals, - — . 2. Adelaide (Archer-street) — Jolm Cowper thwaite, 13. A., John Lcgproe (Prosnect), W. Corly Butler (Walkerville). 3. 'Adelaide (Kent Town)— Joseph Berry, Charles H. In gamells . (Payneham) ; Edward Barber ( Hackney )- supernumerary ; Prince Alfred i College,' ? . 4. Adelaide (Norwood and Magill)— John Watts, Charles Lane (Magill) ; diaries H. Goldsmith (Kensington), Thomas Edineades (Evandale), supernumeraries. 5. Adelaide(Brouiptou)— William Reed. 6. Unley — H. Kenwood Teague. 7. Glcnelg — Paul j C. Thomas ; Thomas Lloyd, supernumerary. 8\. Port Adelaide and Semaphore — J. Bunt- : ing- Steplienson (Semaphore), Thomas A. j James (Port Adelaide). 0. Gumerucha — Augustus D. Buiinett. 10. Willunga— Isaiah Perry. 11. Clarendon— Isaac Roouey. V£. \ Aldgate and Sunimertown — Thomas E. Thomas, M. A. 13. Mount Barker — James Allen. 14. Murray Bridge and G-iiJiugton — Sampson Stephens. 15. Strat-halbyti— Wil- liam A. Baingcr. 1G. Yanknliila — William II. Hodge. 17. Goolwa — George W. Kendrew. Kangaroo Island ? . ltenmark — One to be fitnit. Pahnerr.ton — Henry Trtwren and a Chinese cntechist. II. Middle District.— IS. Gawler— Henry T. Burgess. li». Kapunda— Charlts T. New man. 20. A ngaston- -Thomas M. Roivo. 21. Templars and Mtoukport— Horace Faull. 22. Kooringa — J. Young Simpson. 2'i. Redruth — W. Alfred Liiugsford (Aberdeen). 2'). Clare— William H. lloft?. 25. Mintaro and Auburn— David S. Wylie. 2f-. Uivertou— John tiillingham. 27. Euduuda — Charles Dolfiy. Jli. Northern District. — 28. Melrose— John Blacket. 2'X Wilmington— One to be ecnt. Blinman, Bel tana, Great Northern Mission— Home missionary, who shall be under the supervision of the minister of the Hawker circuit. 30. Port Pirie— Samuel Ro:isiter. 31. Crvstal Brook and Redhill— George Hall. 32.' Koolunga— Albert Stubbs. 33\. Jamestown— William T. Hiatt. 31. Laura —William G. Clarke. 35. Terowie— John C. Hiil. 3G. Port Augusta— William A. Millikan. 37\. Qijorn— T. Geddes White. 38. Hawker— John H. Goss. 39. Johusburgh — One to be sent. 40. Petersburg — Alfred H. Carne ; '\Vaukaringa and Wadnaminga — Home mis sionary. 41. 'Broken Hill and Silverton, N.S.W.— John D. Langsford, Alfred P. Bur gess (Broken Hill South). IV. Yorke's Peninsula District. — 42. Moonta — Vivian Roberts, Charles Reed (Moouta Mines). 43. Kadina and Wallaroo — Robert Kelly. 44. Port Wakefield— Archibald Grewar. ^ 45. Yorketown— Charles H. Nield. 4G. Miu laton— John Nairn. 47. Maitlaud — Thomas B. Angwin, M. A. Ardrossan — Home missionary. ^ 43. Port Lincoln — Home missionary. 49. Elliston— One to be sent. Franklin Harbor— Home missionary. Fowler's Bay and Streaky Bay — Home missionary. V. South-Eastern District. — 50. Mount Gambier— John H. Trevorrow. 51. Narra coorte— Henry C. George. ,52. Millicent — W. J. Mortimer. Kingston — Home missionary. 53\. Border Town — Henry Chester, super numerary. VI. Western AustraliaDistrict. — 54|Perth — George E. Rowe,1 Albert W. Bray, Charles A. Jenkins, one to be sent, Chinese catechist. 55\. Guildford — Thomas Bird, Home MisBion ' ary (midland junction). 56. Fremantle— William A. Potts. Arthur J. Barclay, Home * Missionary. 57. York— Jonathan J. Nieholls. 58\. Gerald ton — Richard Dunstan. 50. Don garra — One to be sent, Home Missionary (Greenough). CO. Albany — John A, Jeffreys. . ^6L Bunbury— Alfred O. Plane. 62. Northam — Frederick _S. Finch. Newcastle Mission — Home Missionary. €3. Coolgardie— Arthur S. J. Fry. 64. Kalgoorlie-Henry Wilkin son. 65. Murchison — One to be Bent. 60\. Southern Cross — Joseph G. Mitchell. .,, 67. Kanowna — Henry W. Congreve. 68. Kurawa— Candidate. 69 — Menzies— John G. Jenkin. Black Flag Mission — Home mis sionary. Norseman and Dundas mission Home missionary (Norseman). Esperance Mission — Home missionary. Mount Magnet Mission— Home missionary. Great Southern Mission — Home missionary. Midland Mis sion— Home missionary (Gingin). Jarrahdale Mission— Home missionary. . Eastern Timber Mills Mission— Home missionary (Lion mills). Marble Bar Mission— Home missionary. Day Mark Mission— Home missionary. Yalgoo Mission— Home missionary. ? The Conference adjourned till this morning at9.30. 