LITERABY'NOTES. The life of Tennyson, by bis son, the present lord, will be published in October. The writing has been completed, and the wofk\Vill mate two volumes of good size. An unpublished work by late Sir Richard Burton, entitled '.Human Sacrifice Among the Sepliardini, or Eastern Jews; or, the Jlurder of Padre Tomaso," will be issued by Messrs. Hutchinson. It was written from material which Sir Richard collected when consul at Damascus, but publication was delayed on account of its strong anti Semitic tendencies. The first part is de voted to a general study of the Jew in JCng land, Palestine, and elsewhere; the second deals with the alleged rite, of human sacri lice among the Sepliardini. The cost of Nansen's expedition, which occupied a little more than three years, was under £25,000. A concise statement is given in "Farthest North," showing how the money was raised. The largest contri butor was the Norwegian Government. ( £15,750), while King Oscar gave £1,125. A ; few private individuals raised the rest by ; ''national subscription.'' The London t>eo- J graphical Society gave £300. The building ; of the ship absorbed nearly £17,000, the re ? niniuing expenditure being on wages, life 1 insurance premiums of married participa- j tors, instruments, provisions, expense, and equipment. Nansen will make more than : the expedition cost out of his book, and the proceeds will be all profit. Stories about ghosts have deep interest for Mr. Andrew Lang. He is seeking among them for proofs that spirits do walk the earth. He wants to get at the origin of the well-known story of "Fisher's ghost"-the i Australian ghost who sat on a fence in the j moonlight pointing to the spot where the : body of a murdered man would be found. "A month or two since," writes Mr. An- J drew Lang, in "Longmans' Magazine," "I appealed to Australian antiquaries for any | contemporary evidence as to 'Fisher's' ghost,7 which sat on a rail and led to the discovery of Fisher's murderer. A writer in 'Truth' remarks that the whole story 1 is exploded in New South Wales; that there is no record of the trial, and that I am a credulous person. But I do not hold a brief for Fisher's ghost! If the report of the trial were found, it would be no proof of the objective character of the apparition. I only want to find out the origin of the story. It is printed in 'Household Words' for March 5, 1853. The place is given as Penrith, not very far from Sydney; the seer is 'Ben Ward'; the magistrate to whom he appeals is Mr. Grafton; the judge who sat on the bench is 'the late Sir Francis Forbes.' But we can go 20 years, nearly, behind 'Household Words;' and 1853. The story, without names or dates, is published in the late Mr. Montgomery Martin's 'His tory of the British Colonics,' vol. iv., p. 303, in the edition of Cochrane and Co-, pub lished in 1835. Mr. Martin writes, in a large and serious work, that the events oc curred 'when I was in New South Wales.' The story is given as an illustration, not of ghosts, but of the sagacity shown by a native tracker in following up the clue of the ghost." The morning after Max O'Rell had lec tured in Pittsburg a young fellow rushed up to him as he was leaving his hotel, and nearly embracing him, said, "Let m» thank you for the pleasure you gave me last night. I had such a good time." lie thanked the young fellow, remarking that his modest efforts had been crowned with success. "You will never know the lovely time J had," went on the youth. "You see, I'm engaged to be married to a girl in this State, and all her folks went to the lecture last night, and I had the girl all to myself." Perhaps one of the saddest episodes of in "Farthest North*' is when Nansen and Johansen, after leaving the Fram, came to the end of their sledge journey, and were obliged to take to their kayaks to reach Franz Josef Land. Only two of their faithful dogs survived, the others had to die to become food for the survivors. "Cai phas" was the last of Nansen's team, "Sug gen" of Johansen's, and now they were no longer needed, and must either be left be hind to starve or be put beyond the pale of starvation. Both men felt it was akin to murder, yet it was the kindest way; so they exchanged dogs to make the paug of murder less. Nansen, as he himself relates in "Farthest North," nearly had the life chilled out of him when he went into the water after kayaks, which had broken adrift. The adventure occurred during the last stages of the journey from the pack ice to Franz Josef Land. Nansen and Johansen had got stiff through sitting each in his kayak all day. They Wanted^ to ' land (on the ice) and get a. view. * At Johansen's suggestion, a strip of walrufi \- hide was used to moor the kayaks to the ice, while Nansen and lie mounted the hummocks. On looking down they saw that the kayaks-their only hope of reach ing Franz Josef Land-were loose, and moving away with the wind. Cold as the sea was Nansen saw that there was no thing for it but to swiin after the tiny I craft. The water was icy cold; it was ! hard work swimming with clothes oil. it seemed more than doubtful whether X ' could manage it. But all our hope was 1 drifting there; all we possessed was on . board. When I got tired I turned over i and swain on my back, and then 1 coum 1 see Johansen walking restlessly up and ; down on the ice. Poor lad! He <?ol, <} not stand still, and thought it dreadful not to be able to do anything. He said after wards that these were the worst moments : he had ever lived through. I felt that my , limbs were gradually stiffening and losing j : all feeling, aud I knew that in a short tune ; ! I should not be able to move them. Hut, i there was not far to go now; if I could , [only hold out a little longer Ave should be saved-and 1 went on. The strokes be came more and more. feeble, but the dis tance became short in- ami shorter, and I began to think I should reach the kayaks. At last 1 was able to stretch out my han4 to the snowshoe, which lay across the j sterns; I grasped it, pulled myself in to the edge of the kayak-and we were saved, j 1 tried to pull myself up, but the whole of i my body was so stiff with cold that this > was an impossibility. For a moment 11 thought that after all it was too late; 1 ! was to get so far, but not be able to get ] in. After a little, however, 1 managed to j swing one leg up on to the edge of the sledge, which lay on the deck, and in Ibis way managed to tumble up. There I sat, but so stiff with cold that I had difficulty in paddling." . The next difficulty was to get the kayaks back to the shore, but it was accomplished. Then the job was to get warm. "1 could scarcely stand, and while 1 shook and trembled all over Johansen had to pull off the wet things I had on, put on the few dry ones 1 still had in reserve, and spread the sleeping- bag out upon the ice. 1 packed myself well into it, and he covered ; me with the sail and everything he could ; find to keej) out the cold air. 1 here 1 lay j shivering tor a long time, but gradually ; the warmth began to return to my body. For some time longer, however, my feet had no more feeling in them than icicles, for they had been partly naked in the water. While .Johansen put up the tent and prepared supper, consisting of my two auks, 1 fell asleep." '"Nothing more wonderfully beautiful can exist than an Arctic night (.writes Dr. Nau sea in "Farthest North.") It is dream land, painted in the imagination's most delicate tints; it is colour etherealised. One shade melts into the other, so that you cannot tell where one ends and the other begins, aud yet they are all there. No forms-it is all faint, dreamy colour music, a far-away, long-drawn-out melody, I on muted strings. Is not all life's beauty J high and delicate and pure, like this night; Give it brighter colours, and it is no longer so beautilul. The sky U like an enormous cupola, blue at the zenith, shading down into green, and then into lilac and violet at the edges. Over the ice fields there arc j cold violet-blue shadows with lighter pink | tints, where a ridge here and there catches! the last reflection of the vanished day. i Up in the blue of the cupola shine the j stars, speaking peace, as thev always do, I those unchanging friends. In the south j stands a large red-yellow moon, encircled : by a vellow ring and iight golden clouds j floating in the blue background. Pie-ently ; the aurora borealis shakes over the vault j of heaven its veil of plitteiing silver-! changing now to yellow, now to green, now j to rod. It spreads, it contracts again, in restless change, next it breaks inti waving, many-folded bands of shining silver, over j which shoot billows of glittering rays, and | then the glory vanishes. Presently it shimmers in tongues of flame over the verv zenith: and then again it shoots a bright ray right up from the horizon, until the whole melts away in the moonlight, and it is as though ;>ne heard the sigh of a depart ing spirit. Here and there are left a few waving streamers of light, vague as a fore boding-thev are the dust from the aurora's glittering cloak. But now it is growing again; new lightnings shoot up: and the endless game begins afresh. And all the time this utter stillness, impressive as the symphonies of infinitude." Mr. James Demarr, in "Adventures in Australia," a work wc noticed several years ago, now receivingsome attention from Lon don reviews, tells a story illustrative of 50 years ago to show the value put on bullock chains:-"A native was caught red-handed at sheep-baling, and taken to the station, so that he might be handed over to the authorities. They fastened him to a dead tree trunk with a bullock chain. One day he kicked the staple from the log, and, gathering up the chain, got away into the bush; but the dogs were laid on to his track, and he was run down and brought to bay on a log in the middle of a river, with the ponderous bullock chain still hanging on his arms. When the station people reached the bank the poor hunted vagrant .philosophically wound the chain round his neck and drowned himself. The I men tookjSome trouble to recover the body, not because the black Spartan deserved at least a grave, but because bullock chains were valuable." The remark has been made (says the "Spectator," reviewing Mr. Poulteney Bigelow's "History of the German Struggle for Liberty") that there are no _ 11 i1)' women in (jerinaii history. lSmIulUS, alias is Thusnelda, the wilt- (^.niuuiv Irom Herrmann, who ^ luM"tit»l the Romans; and M m '. |10i,"vl t<« «K (Jueen Luise of 1 . l-Yeiid). ^ l'r> !. l.AM nmiui I'V 1 t'OlVI I'" . clit' liver her country yiis,). when; she William in l tli Nap»le«ii mitigate the perils "^'{'Vjuse at '. country. Mpoleo n ti . n ^ vj(.tis ask memorable is her visit ju thc lioi.e1 joined King 1'rederick \\.moleoii imp1' that her pleading?, with 0ver Jier ( with something ot his usiia j lian pwm\ , ing if her gown was ennu 1 v "n j how Prussia had dai<d , taet-1 him, and so forth. But hei i 1 1 >vlli> .,s , ful answei-s baffled her opi" u,1i'Iliinvssf(l he himself admitted, was not i n>> by her extraordinary chain s. liuiv, and ' of the incident <>t M;;h j( j ll?. versions the rose, , actions, are involved in a ^ 1jlu]s actions, are ,??? ?? , s muis which the present writer, lah\,' ; - it:-"She pleaded h,,nl t;;i- -\ versions ui iny ,(slt trans tlie rose, and, indeed, ot uiiutiu> <>t table akes as . V -M.'r the proudest fortress <m tlie I-I " ( as dear to Prussia as Dover t- .-^ man, as West Point to an .^V'V'. vvU to t^uobec to a Canadian. Mj£( \ ^ Luise the key to Prussia. an« > " jj;)V0 for it with a fervour that lor it wiui u ivhi"" I mail, gained a kingdom from :,n> " Sl.nni>ii Napoleon, whether honest lj oi n< - moved, and said, with some '.I bility, 'You arc asking a grcal deal V shall see.' The words, 'we shn I *;. ^ ? Luise very happy. She tlioii^'1' ? - . s(|i, leon had human feelings ; / . ' ; forgave all those who had 111\',V .. <;iu, make the degrading journey to 1 did not know that on the way evening Napoleon laughed the in. with Tallev rand, saying "that 7;'^ /' 'f, was wortli to him a dozen .lt\\-' j j Prussia.' That night., alter dnuiei. 1 . leon sought to play tlie jiallniit. am < | her a rose. She looked at it. and ' - j j to. deeline it. Hilt, recalling tlie o < | her mission, she foreed a snide 1 ., and said, 'Let it be at least with burg.' To this Napoleon answered '.> ?';! stare, and words which showed tna i . politeness lay only on the sl" ,;"v' , 1 : me to remind you. madame. that it i> . ( place to offer and yours to accepi? i The most interesting statue in th.1 ^ 1'"' j is the Venus of llelas-the \ enui- uiin ut j arms, now in the Louvre. l';.ns. I' tercsting not onlv because it is a | work of art, but became nylu.' hie | obtained as to who tlu s.-injii.*r w.'s. .m i | no living artists agree as t i h;w the i amis, if they could 1"' 1' imd, w ul < I1' nosed. Sir. W. J. Stilluiau. in "N 'nu- an-i i Apollo in Painting and N-uliiturc. ,ie>, over again the oft-repean .1 si 'iy t.v j finding of the Venus in NL-los. an isl.ui I wi (he Greek Arehipelag.'. It w.'* ni-i -,i: in a niche in the su)>p.'rt:ng wad ''l ;i t. i'-i race, on tlie hillside uverl'iakni^ tne alien nl; port of Melos. In ISfJl 1 visited the island ? and sav.- the French e.uisul, 'hrst, ilv s^iii | of tlie consul who obtained u ir^ii in peasant wlio found it, and wlie liMii^e]! waH i,resent when it was ex'J ie.u d. li. mi i'.\ u me the niche which lull it, a m le, uit- j ecinented rubblcwcrlc. se:irc ly higher tliri j the statue without jie.leslal. and evr.fnlli j a niche for a garden seat or a terminus, iiv, said tliat it had bv.en cin^nle.l snni-ly l;> ^ heaping up stones agains; n. ;.nd th.a thi: ljonsjuit removing tlr.'in i r j«UI-; peses, the pile suddenly slid d ra n, '!> ; -? inir the uiiper part <>t tsl.l!il ' : rubbish being removed, the wh-.e stauic. exempting the arms. w.;s :. II:, r. w:re no .inns, and only siii.'.H ui.iiil-i» .. . terminus, found in th: ! \v..- | ri i t:. niclic. Tl:e in?eript:-::i. vh_: .!;. ? n_ the . iiyiuthesis nf seni? <? nii.e;: n w:t:i t.:. statue, has induced certain an-ha' ! ^.si> ; i attribute the statue n an A! \\-:ii Iri-n ! school of art of late dale, w:is u.e i :u:id ( with it. The datum is t.:a shci,;, ;. :i n ! th.e inscription had Kvn mm! n i:ie] statue, to establish a m !I - ! ; art. '".her- J wise unknown, as c.>nijieMit ; i j.-r ? In-v, a i wi.rk of sueh surjmssiiv .m-.:' 'iee. bu. Jne . consul assured in> th: t n ? i - li,. n I: '. . . existed between th'.- )ii'd:i./ I the iii'd'ip tiun and the statu:. Tl.e ni le I rm ! n.i| part r.f any arehiKeiuiv! w ,I-k, and w,;^ half a mile from tlie :ii :;.!i, uh:i ii ii h is. been considered to havo IkI i:gv"l t:) b\ j seme critics.'' I A story of Poe and his pnem "ihe 1 Raven" is told in the February "F^ruin" j by Mr. Joel Hentou, who got it i: . >ii> \\\ il liiam Koss Wallace, an almost .rgoUen j American poet, the author o! 'Ihe Sword of Punlcer Hill." Wallace and I'oe read their poems to each other. W'-ieii they met one day-"Wallace," mid I'oe, "I have just written the greatest poem iliat ever was written/' "flave you':" \\\ ;d'aee. "That is a tine achieveuieut." "Would you like to hear it?" said IVn*. "Most cer tainly," said Wallace. Thereupon I'oe be gan to read the verses in his impressive and captivating wav. When he hail finished lie turned to Wallace for his approval, when Wallace said, "Poe^-they are line; uncoin I inoiily fine." "Fine!" said Poe, eon lemptuouslv. "Is thai all you can say for i this poem? I tell you it's the greatest poem that was ever written." "To-day," says Mr. Benton, "there are critics who say-not knowing Poe's own opinion of 'Thi Raven'-that it is 'the greatest poem ever written.' Whether it is or not, iv bids fair to be the one that will he the most and the longest talked about." Major Arthur Crithths, in the "New : Century Review," ju an article on tlie Duke of Wellington, tells this story:-In a public ballroom the Duke came across an old soldier friend long lost sinht of. To his kindly query whether he, the Duke of Wel lington, could be of any service to this friend, who was on half- pay and unprovided with the money so necessary in those days of peace to purchase advancement, "Ves, your pace, vou can do nie a verv great ser vice,'was tlie prompt reply, 'ii vou will give me your am across the room, and ap pear to take some interest iu me, you will make my fortune." The service \\\ ig forth with rendered, and explanation sought. The fact was that the oflicer iu question was paying hU addresses to a rich widow of the place, who still hesitated to accept him But she was at the ball, and she siw with her own eyes how greatly h?r protemiant was appreciated. This settled the ques tion; the officer was accepted, married bought his way back to full mv rose steadily, till he reached the highest honours. The Pan tribes in Congo Franeais (ac cording to Miss Kingeley, author of "Tra vels in West Africa") have discovered a new argument in favour of polygamr. which ib that it enables a man to get sufficient to eat. The Fans are an exceedingly hunjtrr tribe, eating as often as ten times *a dav It is more than one woman can do to keen her husband supplied with victuals All the work is done bv the women, and it is ob viously impossible for one to look after the children, prepare and cook the food we! pare the rubber.cany the same to the mar kfit, fetch the daily supply 0f water from the stream, $u&v;$te the potion, fccl I Hcjico tlio necessity for msny wires:-1"The more wiws tlio loss work," snys the Afri I < :III l.ni.r: J imve known men who i would r.ithw have had one wife1 nml spend Jtlic rosi of llif iiionoy on themselves in a| 