Cupid Among the Cakes. By Blanche Wray. “Since wlien, Stapleton,” asked Ur quart, of the Guards, “have you de veloped this extraordinary fondness for cakes ? Or is it, as I see you don’t eat them, that you have taken to philanthropy and intend to give an al Jrcsco entertain ment on the beach to all the small shoe ' 'blacks and flower girls of Sidcomb ?’’ “Don’t be an ass, Urquart,”.answered Stapleton, looking as wrathful as his pleasant, good-natured face would allow ; “surely a fellow may buy a few buns without being'put through his paces in this way ; and why that fool of a chambermaid doesn’t take them downstairs I can’t imagine.” “All right, dear boy— awfully sorry I’ve annoyed you, but I can’t help fancying there must be a pretty pastry-cook at the bottom of all this sweet- stufl-, and as I’m • responsible for bringing you here, feel I ought-” “That’s enough,” answered Stapleton, angrily drawing up his slight boyish figure ; “as you want to find out every thing, I will save you the trouble of doing so by telling you myself. I’m in love with, and mean to marry, the pretty pastrycook, as you call her,?’ and, turning his back upon his astonished friend, he began to drum a tune on the window panes. “ Stapleton—what utter folly. Why, it will do you no end of harm in the Ser vice, to say nothing of your mother and the prospective heiress she has in view. For goodness sake don’t do anything that you will regret all the rest of your life.” “I am not going to be married to morrow, or the next day—if that is w'hat you are driving at,” replied Stapleton, a look of determination passing over his face, which made Urquart—his senior by .ten years—realise for the first time that the bright, light-hearted fellow, whom everyone looked upon as little more than a boy, was a man after all. “I don’t want to be nasty, old chap,” he said, laying his hand affectionately on his friend’s shoulder; “it was awfully good of you to come and bore yourself with me in this dead-alive hole of a place, and I ought not to wonder if you have found amusement in a harmless flirtation; but don’t let it go further—unequal mar riages are no end of a mistake.” “But, Urquart, you’ve not seen Enid, or you would not speak of unequal mar riages. She looks fit to be a duchess ; indeed, I should think her one in disguise if she was not unmistakably like her aunt, Mrs Clifford. She’s a perfect lady in every vray herself, and as for her family —why, I’m not going to marry them "all.” “But your mother—what on earth . will slie say? She’ll cut you off with a shilling w’ithout doubt, and marriage off, your part will mean absolute ruin to any one brought up as you have been.” “ My mother must make the best of it ; I’ve been tied to her apron-strings too ' long as it is. She has had her own way in everything since the poor old General’s death, and can’t expect to have it for ever ; but hero is someone coming—let’s make friends, old man, 1 should hate to have a split with you.” “A telegram for Mr Stapleton,” said the waitress, entering the room -with the air of excitement that the official looking yellow envelope always arouses in the domestic mind, particularly in a quiet little out-of-the-way place like the “Royal George,” Sidcomb. It had been with an inward groan that Urquart had been des patched there by his doctor to recover from a long attack of weakness, the result of influenza, and great had been his pleasure in receiving a letter from Staple ton a week after his arrival, saying, “Expect me to-night; am sure you are bored to death, alone in such a slow hole, so am coming to do the truly rural with you,” and certainly, for dullness, and bracing life giving air, Sidcomb is un rivalled.; but the two friends, who were naturally lighthearted and ready to make the best of things, did not have half a bad tune ; it was only the last week that Urquart had begun to feel uneasy. His friend’s long absences, and somewhat disjointed conversation, made him suspect that something was in the wind ; and it was with a feeling of intense relief that he read the telegram handed to him— “ Come home to-morrow ; want you particularly. “ Elizabeth Stapletox.” “ I can’t bear to leave you, darling,” said Stapleton, a few hours later, when he and his lady-love were sitting together' on one of the hard uncompromising benches at the extreme end of what the inhabitants of Sidcomb proudly styled the esplanade. It was a calm perfect evening; the soft air fanned Enid’s fair cheeks and toyed with the waves of her hair. She was looking pretty enough to win any man’s heart, and, impulsive lover as he was, Stapleton was perfectly correct in speaking of her as a lady. There was an indefinable charm and grace in every movement; the plain black dress she t>"wore fitted the slight, graceful figure to perfection, and the soft, gentle voice was '■ very sweet to listen to. “Yes, dear,” she answered ; “ I shall miss you fearfully, and shall always remember how happy we have been, if, as is quite possible, we never meet “ My darling, there are to be no ‘ ifs ’ in the matter,” answered Stapleton, taking one of her pretty, white hands. “ Of course we shall meet again, I shall return in at loast a fortnight; in fact, I should not go to-morrow if the Mater was not so urgent. She has had her own way for years, and I can’t change the order of things all at once. Besides, I want to tell her about you ; she may cut up a bit rough just at first, but it will all come right in the end, and if the worst came to the worst, you would not mind being a poor man’s wife, would you, dearest ?” “No, dear; but I should mind you having a breach with your mother. Re member, you are her only child, Jack; and, she won’t approve of me. I fear we liave been very foolish ; but, at any rate, remember, I shall quite understand and forgive, if, after you are among your own surroundings again, you realise the mis take you have made. My love for you is too strong to ask you to sacrifice your life for my sake.” “Dearest, don’t talk so, it makes me wretched. You are so much to me I could not give you up for any number of mothers. It may take a little time, as my mother is a woman of great determina tion and has some rich girl she met in Paris a few months ago, whom she has determined I’m to marry ; but \yheu she sees I’m equally determined not to, she will have to give in.” “ And the rich.girl may be very charm ing and fascinating—much nicer than 1 am.” “Impossible—heiresses are always plain ; it’s the law of compensation, don’t you know. Besides, 1 should hate a horrid purse-proud thing who would dole me out five-pound notes and expect one to be eternally grateful. No, 1 never took to the idea of this young woman, even before I saw you, sweet one. _ She is coming to the Towers soon, I believe.” “ And if, Jack, you like her, don’t think of me; your mother would never tolerate a girl whose only relations keep a con fectioner’s shop. Poor dear Aunt Clifford, good and handsome as she is, could never, under any circumstances, pass for a lady. My poor mother, her sister, was different; she had travelled and seen more of the world. Yes, wo have been very happy, and, remember, I shall understand what ever happens. But it’s getting late—! must not stay any longer, or poor auntie will be in a fidget. Don’t come to see me to-morrow, I’m going out early with my cousin. Let us say ‘ good-bye ’ here in this lovely sunset, it will be a beautiful memory always.” “ Not good-bye, my sweetheart; you don’t understand. Why will everybody always treat me as a foolish boy ? You are the one woman I love, Enid. Can’t you trust me, dear ? ” and, taking her in his arms, he kissed her lovingly and reverently, bringing tears to the girl’s eyes, and making her realise that un mistakably a priceless love was hers. “My dear boy, do' try to look a little less like'a bear with a sore head,” said .Mrs ;^iilefon tlm next 'evening, when she and? bet ’son’ were standing together in the pretty drawing-room at the Towers; “ waituutil you see how charming Miss Carter is, and you will be ready to forgive me for summoning you home.” “ I fancy it’s iu view of her money the beauty lies,” answered Stapleton crossly. He was in the worst temper imaginable. It was trying to have been called away from Enid in any case, but to find, on his arrival, that it was simply because Miss Carter, the heiress, had hastened her visit, was doubly exasperating. He had only arrived just in time to dress for dinner, and to vent his ire on Mrs Staple ton in a manner that made her realise, as j Major Urquart had done, that the hoy had become a man—had broken loose j from her leading strings, and that her cherished plan might be more difficult to accomplish than she had anticipated. “ At any rate, be polite, dear,” she said anxiously; “I think I hear her coming.” “ T hope I always behave as a gentle man,” answered Stapleton, just before the door opened to admit — not Miss Carter, but her French maid, who, in pretty broken English, explained that her mistress, being much overtired with her journey, hoped madame would excuse her not coming down to dinner, but that she would join them in the drawing-room afterwards. Mrs Stapleton was not sorry for the respite. Jack’s favourite dishes, prepared by her excellent cook in honour of the young master’s return, might have a soothing effect upon him ; and it certainly was so, for when he re-entered the draw ing-room after his solitary cigar, he looked more like his usual handsome well ' groomed self. . “ Miss Carter has not appeared yet,” said his mother, who w.as bending over some embroidery. “Go and have a peep at my flowers, they are finer than ever this year.” Stapleton strolled over to the conser vatory at the far end of the room, which, being” well filled with choice blossoms, was one of the prettiest items of the house. He was slowly sauntering round, admiring the beauties of Nature assisted by Art, when he suddenly discovered that he was not alone. Seated in a pretty white wicker chair was a still, graceful figure—a figure which, as he came nearer, lifted .up a~sweet. smiling, face—a-face so mirrored on his' memory that he thought it was the vision of his own dear love. But no, it was not a vision, for it had risen, and coming softly to him, whispered: “Jack, I am not a ghost—don’t you know me ? Speak, dear, or I shall think you arc angry.” “Enid, sweet one, is it really you?” lie cried, recovering from 'his astonish ment sufficiently to be .able to speak, and clasping the dainty figure lovingly in his arms. “ I don’t understand, dear, how you have managed to get here.” “To get here,” she answered laughingly. “ Oh, that was easy enough—the train brought me ; but don’t you guess—can’t 1 you see that I’ve been playing ‘Dr Jekell and Mr Hyde ? ’ in fact, that I’m a most unprincipled young woman who has been passing herself off as Enid Clifford while all the time she was Enid Carter ? ’* l Jack, though one of the best fellows going, was not particularly quick at taking in a situation, but at last it dawned upon him that now there would be no difficulties to contend with, and that Enid was his to love and marry with the utmost despatch. And how lovely she was. Standing be hind the counter dispensing sponge and Eccles cakes she had been absolutely charming ; but now, clad in soft silken draperies, with pearls round her slender, white throat, she was ten times more lovely. “ Now, dear,” she said, drawing herself away from him, “you must listen to my long story, and are not to give me one more kiss until we get to the end of it', as perhaps you will wish to close our acquain tance on finding how very deceitful I’ve been. Besides, you don’t like heiresses —they are always plain, and dole out £5 notes.” “ If I’m not to kiss you until the end of the story, for goodness sake begin,'’ said the enraptured lover, sitting down beside her, and gazing into her fair, piquant face. “ Well, Jack, it’s always well,” she continued, “ to get the worst over first, and if you are congratulating yourself upon your future wife not being the niece of a confectioner, I must disillusion you at once. Mrs Clifford is undoubtedly my aunt; in fact, the only one I believe • I possess. My father’s family I know nothing about, as they all cut him after his marriage with my mother, soon after which die emigrated, and, being a sharp, clever’man, made — as the Americans would put it—his ‘pile.’ My mother died when I was quite a child, and my father when I was sixteen, leaving me in charge of a legal friend who lias the management of my money matters, and of a Mrs Le Strange, the widow of an old Colonial officer, who has been my chape rone up to the time of my Sidcomb freak, when an attack of typhoid laid up the poor old lady, and necessitated my being sent somewhere—where, it was difficult to decide. I remembered your mother’s kind invitation, but felt it was hardly fair to go to her straight from an infected house. I had always kept up a corres pondence with my aunt on account of my mother’s memory, so the best thing seemed for me to go to her. The first few days at Sidcomb were fearfully slow ; my relations treated me with overwhelm ing respect, and made me sit in solitary state in the best parlour, but at last I could stand it no longer, and begged to be allowed to serve in the shop—anything that made a change in my somewhat dull life was most welcome. The lot of a girl with money, who has no one to care for her apart from it, is by lio means a bed of roses. “ You know what followed. Don’t you remember the little ragamuffin boy gazing hungrily in at our window, and who looked up in your face and said, ‘ Give us a penny, sir,’ and how you came in and bought six of my biggest buns ? I shall never forget that simple act of kindness. I believe I loved you from that moment. Of course, my girlish curiosity was aroused, and I wanted to find out who you were ; and in a small place like Sid comb it was not difficult. The arrival of two smart young officers like yourself and Major Urquart created no small excite ment, and when I discovered that you were Mr Stapleton of the Guards, whose mother, the mistress of Kingston TowerB, had invited me to stay with her shortly, a wild idea took possession of me. Why should I not try to win your love before vou knew I was the possessor of £5,000 a year ? My wretched money had brought me many wooers, but none for my sake alone. To be loved aparkfrom my money bags was the great wish of my life, and that you admired me was unmistakable ; vour visits to tbe shop were so constant, and the amount of unwholesome sweet sweet-stuff you bought something alarm ing. But you know the rest. It was a case of love at first sight with us both. “A few days before the telegram from your mother, I heard from Mrs Le' Strange, saying she was better and hoped : to join me in a few days en route fror the ! Towers, our next resting place. I felt ' pretty sure of you then, and, as I did not want the good lady to know of my little tricks, I decided to write to your mother asking her to have me a little sooner, and Mrs Le Strange could join me a few days later. I got the letter posted by a friend in London, and hence the telegram you found so distressing.” She paused at the end of her long history and awaited her lover’s verdict. “ Dearest,” he said solemnly, “ I should have married you, as I trust you know, in spite of anything my mother or anyone I else might have had to say, but it would _ not be human nature if I said I regretted , the change of affiiirs.' A man is'always, thankful to avoid a fuss, and £5,000 a vear is a very nice addition-to our income ; but with or without it you are the one woman for me, darling ; but are we to tell my mother about Sidcomb 1 ” j “Yes, we will have no more deceptions; ■ besides, I’m not ashamed of the cake • shop; in fact, I love it dearly, as it brought me the one thing I wanted— someone to love me for myself alone. Yes, dear, it was undoubtedly a case of ‘ Cupid among the cakes.’ ” 