LOCAL AND UENERAL. Imi'oiitaxt Discovery of Gold -Mmi Own Wnrron, W Smith anil ,Ips Tomplo re futed tn Mr. Oolwny, Mining Itegistrnr at Norl-iga. th a thoy huvo discovotod payable gold in their nlluvinl prospering area in tho parish »r Jt*rrickiiura. between the Coran!? Ilivor mid Poran..- Ciook, between tho 2(i mi.l 27 inilo posts on tho Norrigu roncl. Tho partv havosunk 'lift, at which dopth tho wi-sh is auout 3ft, giving 2 dwl8 tn tho load. Tho ground is reported to bo vnry wot mid roquiruH tiiohoring.— Dispukli Tub Buttisii Maiiicbt. -Tho South Coast Cov. report:— All host brands sold (rooly during tho post week »t tin) shilling. As usual tho Vic'orian market has fallen oarlinr than our*, nnil host oienmery is now selling ihoro'iit 10J to inA. This fact must unfoiHuiiately huvo an The Haihiomcj. - Major firahain wiros thus tn tho ll'«r Cnj: 'Tho Harmonics' visit lo tf..wra has boon glo.iously owned of God Thirteen sou!»at tho Cross »'nd o»er £13 collon yunrs : uiinblo to |irovid'o aulilciont room at night. Tho Holy Ghost is working mightily. Officers linvo caught on woll, and tho prnspocts fo: Solf Doninl aro iinmunsa. Captain Womyss accopts Parromatta's ohallougo for Solf Denial. Good byo, Miller !' A Fahmkks' Milk Co.-In tho Kiama Agri cultural Hall on Wednesday, thn first sories of meetings of milk suppliers was hold to rocoiro tho proposals of thoUmteil Milk Suppliors' As fociiiliou uxoRuiivu, roimiYGio [U'jOitauiIdUmoul of h fiinnors cotopprativo tnillc compauv. Mr J. Oullun omipiod tho chair. Spoccliosin fnvor of tho proposed company woro inado by Messrs ICi.lil and Mooro, of tho tableland pro luring contres, both pointed out that unless farmors ob tninod . a control of tbo country milk trado in Sydney tho prosont unsati;-faciory pricof would coutinne, and oven bo furthor rctlucod. Othois also aihlrnsso'l .tho mooting: s'imo sp^akor^ ?pointod' out. that thoro may boa difficulty in oMaiuini! control of tho' rofrigoratinu' plant anil machinery bsdon^in^' to tho present milk companies, whom it was intended to upproach witli this object in view Prospaotuso' nf tho proposed company woro issued, and BOt forth as follows : Capital of tho company to be £23,0(10, in 28,000 shares nf £1, 2s 0 1, to bo paid on application forsharos, 2s it 1 on allotment, and tho balance in calls not oxecedin** Is per month. Tho company b- ho registered on GOO!) shares hoing apjiliod for, and tbo Sydney milk com pnnios thon to bo approaohel with tho object of a swirl timing th*)ir tonns for tho purchnso ov lonso of tlioir present bu.siuossoa. It was Htntcd by Hovorul rosponsihlo spo-tk€ra that smno of tho compflnics woro willing? for \\\iis to bo cJjiio. Tho principal object of I ho new company will h« fixing tlm tariff of pricos which will bo suitablo for the different periods of tho year, ensuring a ati^f otorv and eonri n n ' ., ^-mo«....0 from tho 'disturbing elements from which tho trade has so lonR euiTored Doforo tho mootinj; disperseil several suppliers prosent signed apnli cal.ous f.-r shares Though tho matter has mil yet heon grasped sufncioatl}' by producers as W'coll forth much uiiiniiuity in this dirpction, similni .'meetings will bo held nt Albion Purk ?liiiii.napto, ?:.;:?. , . . . .. . ..-,-. . '? Federation. — The I'oiloral Oouvontion I ogan it* ??mrkrpii VTtiirsiliiy., Who;. Iho , Prcsidoui hud taken tho chair, tho nowly oleoted ropro (totitfttivos from tho Wost woro sworn in, oud Mr, Jfinjistof.o rend tho roply that tin had rocoived to tho a'hlroases which ho proaonlod-lo^ho Quef»n whon ho ? wus Hrounii Windsor Uaslo w«y ' Tho fact that Iho prcsontalion was made at Windsor Costlo waaL, very properly emphasised. Mr. Darton, who as loader of tbo Convention wis in the; Ministerial chair, got tho standing ordors suspondod nud S'imo formal business done. Ono of tho motions that was passed was for the Convention; to moot ut 10-ilO everv innrniu'. Anothor molidn was for tho Colonial Treasurer* of ibo . 'lifforont colonies tn he appoiutul a Financial Committeo, to deal with tho ulansos Ihird wasfortho re-appointlneiit of tho Drafting Committed, which in Adelniilo ounsistod of Mi . Bin Ion. Mr. K. E O'Connor, and Sir John IJim-nor. Thsro was really nothing olso to ilo oxcopt to go to lunch (s.ijs tfcn Telegraph). M- Burton su^gostod that out nt consideration for Sir George Tumor und'his eillengues, who woro' unavoidably detninoil in iilolbuurno, it would ho ho'tor for tho Convention not to moot till noon Friday. This wnuhl bavo been accepted as a formality if Mr. lloldor. who is sensitive upon tho strict .nmintoniinco of rules, had not objected to iin infraction of thoecssiouul ordorjustadopted. h.id to to passed. Yesterday, thereforo, tho Convontiou mot to start on ' its work in Tesipxrakoe.— Tho mombore of tho British Lion Lodgo. I O.G.T.,had their regular mooting on Tuesday night. Tho committeo recoivod various circulars from tho Grand I,odRo re the Mission wook in Septetnbor nud sboking to ro. gain lopso 1 members. Tho committon recun meuded compliim™ with tho circulars as far as po^siblo. lira. M'Ailhur roportcd that soino fifteen ladios and gcntlonion woro expected ti como to ?fowra about tho end of next week. A gouoral musical ana litorary evening will bo promoted in tho School of Arts on Saturday 1 lth inst , and from what wo havo hoard of manv of tho porformers tho progrnmino should ha nio3t. attractive On iho Sunday afternoon following n Gospol TemporoTfco meeting will bo hold iS tho School of Arts at 3- p.m., nod will ho con ducted by iniluoiiti.il members pf thn Grand I joilf*n. Tho loilyo will mect-iioxt wook on Thursd.iy night instoad ofTuoaday, so as to por mit of somo of tho momhots attending a inoelin' of Iho Piesliytorian Congregation nnd the Pioshytory in the church. Proposed Visit of Uricicrtkiis.— A number rango a visit of tho l^nglish crickolors to Shoalhavon. It is understood that tho sum of '£130 can bo guurantowl It is doubtful whether tho offer will heacraptod, ns Goulburn lies b-eu lofuded o visit. A telegram from Goulburn says :?-' A loltorhas boon recuivod from Mr. I.'. ShoriilaiCin roply to tho request for n visit from tho English loam, stating that tho ofl'or ennnnt be entortnined.'-- The Siiowoiiouxd -Tho. work of lovolling tho showground is unicgctltni.' hcpiclly. am! tho omliactors havon't tho (jlightost doubt, not wi:h«lun.lii.B statonicn's t3 tho contrary, that (buy will ho nhlo to cirry out their contract to th'' letter. Tlio work will intorforo with tho crtoliot season, but it is oxpsotod that by show timo Iho ground will do in splendid cindition. Mr. Britlon ox^resses tho ojiinion that tho ground when top dicssed anil sown with gross shouM bo frequently watered bv m»atn of tho Council's wntur-cait to miahlo it to prosint a fresh sppiMinnoo by show time; also, tint if thero should bo any likelihood of tho dust proco.-s shmiM th^ii ho aili'pt-il. DllUDOI.VO TUB SlW.tt,!IArl!.Y I.'IVEH.— Tho Braidwood tho m-o- l.-r-ro bul t-i lua'kn a ro' p'trt to u ftyprficatn uivtii :x hi;1ioiiio for working tho bed of tho Shoulh'avon Uivor nbuiu Larbort pirtbiH been con-idero-l. IIk pint n vi'ii tithe inialily. iicc- mnnnied hy Mr. T Williuns. Sever.il Muaii paries have boon doing vory fairly Irnra timo to timo hv turning tho rivor ? whon it was vory low uud washing tho stuff got from ilf 1)1-1, hut Hi i 3tremn U ton hi-h now to do mneli in that w.iv. Tno company alllldod (o bavo « -mo idea, from «b .t w.- l.iarn. oi dredg ing Ihii rivor and bringing up tho stuff from tbo bottom. A drod-3 was put down at tlio Eorso (says tho ' Dispatch'), but Ibo thing did not answer. This drodgo is to ho on a dift'eront nrinitiplo to tho one thon o-nnlovod Wo uono tho proj *ut will piovo a puC':o-h if carriO'l out If it is round prnotic-iblo vory poor dirt would piiy whon hnudloil on & largo sculo mid thoro would bo a largo fiold open for othor purlins to follow suit Farewell Social. -Tho manv friends of Mrs Chaselingand family of Odinben-nrra, tomlored thmn ii farowoll socinl Ift*t iiiplit, hointr tho ovb of their ?lop.irtnra for tin Williams l!-vor, near Morpath. There w..s quito a largo gathering, and iho expressions of rogret at tho departure of a f iinily so woll -known and rnspoclo 1 woro doop Plums IX Wixt-Ell -It isjonsi.loroilavoryraro thing 'o gi't ri]-o pluma in winter titno, tind V9t, thoro ar« a good many to bo obtainod just now in JuiiQti'ii-H*i-ect. AVodo nottuoati fruit, but nicn plum linos in Drnnory, Clothing, and Millinery, nhicti are now boinj» offered at Klixe'3 .?ash ISmporium fWiflsTihco, latlieB can procure a nice fashioifTrnlo tritnuied hat, sailor, or othor sh.ipo, fn-2j 01 nn.l :is til each, which would cost noniafdouLlo at other placos. Girls' black audfbraifu sailor ImIs, with bands, nico ahnpod, n Bn^midid hut for school wear, aaft at tho low piictTof Od each. Also girls' sailor hats for 3.1. Tho bianco of winter jatkots, girls' ulstors. &a; , aro boingchured ot loss than halt thnir value. J. Klinn, Onh Dripory Em porium, opposite Post-oinco, Nowra.* 