PmdiW'ly what Ike "Hamburger Xaeh- rtdilen" (gild, anil what the Maying was Infeudc/l to mean, rewpeellng Hie |mwer of Germany lit Honth-wivit Africa, no body cures' a snap of! the lingers. At worst, It would be mere Idle boast. Not ! Hie wildest stretch of iningination could ' lead to Hie belled' that, Prince Bls- imirek'a organ, whicii lately throw a Ik>ui1) al the Triple Alliance, was the ehoHcn medium for an ollicful reminder that Great llritalu lield intcroslH iu SuuUi Africa. Such a reminder Is quite unnecessary. Moreover, It but poorly serves tin pitt'im.se of a Journal which a few months ago was telling the world tluit England's power was a mere phan tasm, and openly longing for the test of war. The " Spectator's" crushing an swer has Iktii published In "The Her ald.", Tho Idea that the last bit of "Nuelirlehlcn" wils by way of rejoinder to the " Siiectator," imturaliy suggests Itself. A mere erosslug of pens between two jouruulists, I'he one in Ilnniburg, the other In London. Ii is proper to recollect that a pic turesque passage cabled here may loom a good deal larger iu mind than it would If wc had t!m whole "Naehrlchten" ur- tlcle before us. It is dilllcult to resillsc that a leading newspaper would engage lu Idle bomlntst such as the cable message implies. Germany sent some soldiers to her south-west African colon ies last year, but no more, we have been 'told, than were necessary to keep the troublesome natives in order. And due account of nil Hie war material forward ed would be taken, inasmuch us it had to tie landed at a British port, AVitlflali Buy. That all the German soldiers la that; pfrt of) .thi war, and all the war pia- rcrlal, 'pins' all the, Boers,' have' put Gor- immy In a jKisltlon to effectively attack Cape Colony, wi» simply do not believe. Discard tho Ulc.i of iKiast, as also we may that ol' klte-llying, and tho "Nach- rlchteu" is either misunderstood or Is bent upon a policy of Journalisllc pntrs. The sensatlous made by Brlnec Bis- nmrck's disclosures In 11 lu October Inst of the "benevolent neutrality" secret treaty with Husslu In IBS! was, violent wh)le It lasted, but too Hbort-Uved, may- bo, Cor cerlalu Jouruulistlc tastes. Hence, perhaps, the need of a new puff. It is quite harmless 1 It would appear that with the advent to otllee of President .M'Klnley some de gree of "sweet reasonableness" bus been iutroduced-lnto the counsels of the Foreign Relations Committee of the "United States Senate. The Chamber lu which, by a two-thirds majority vote, the Treaty must be ratified before it be comes effective Is uow advised to gene rally accept St. A stipulation is made, however, that the Senate shall have the rigid to say whether a particular mat ter Is a proper one for arbitration before It is sent to the proposed new tribunal. That Is a provision which would hardly tend to the smooth working of the ar rangement contemplated by the Treaty. Yet we aro bound to mid that it Is lu perfect accord with the spirit of the United States constitution. Jefferson said that the. federal Government of his country was ouly Its department of foreign affairs, and any notion of tho governmental system of tho great Re public which excluded tbo.Seuuto is quite Inadequate. The questlou now ts whether, in the event of the Souato adopting Its committee's recommenda tion, Lord Salisbury, on the part of Great Britain, is prepared to couecdo the additional demand. There Is uu Im portant priuciplc involved, If thu mat ter bo judged from the customary Brit ish standpoint. But, after all, n treaty between Great Britain and the United Sliitcs can only bo made on the terms tluit are constitutionally possible to both parties. And lo expect that the .Seuato will abdicate Its large functions of control over foreign relations Is to expect more than is likely to Imppcu. Lost the discussion in our open col umns has not had the effect of settling the hist doubt nnd converting nil hard- onwl sceptics Into docile believers In the 'rapt and rapping mysteries of spiritual- Ihiu,' we lutd better put lu a word. There has been uo public manifestation df MoBephlnu"oi' "Geordlu" lately, uud oho- coiate creams as bait for the mystic, bave-beeus seem to lmvc lost their j>o- teucy. Nasty materialistic folks do say,' moroover, thut It inatters not from what place you wlsh to call down— or up! — tho vagrants of the beyoud, It Is well nigh esaontlni . that the medium shall be properly "Upped." Why not ? You l»ny your money and you get -your spirit— good, adulterated, bad, under proof or over proof, as tlio case may be.. No pay no ghosts! Now, every be liever need not wrilo to intimate that hivor eho .knows a xnodlum who has p mind abyvo pelf. In tills, as iu other splrcrep of Unman oiCaiis, than m» tfui , -mere diletkihU— ax a rule, wofully ama teurish and awkward. Your really cICvcr medium likes money. Disdain ing to ; consider the lilies of the Held, how they grow, etc., she— it is URimJIy a she— ren Uses the need of preserving tho garb of materialisation by always dining as well as she can. Small blame to her I ' Mrs Besant, who paid us a visit a few years ago, furnishes In a comparatively ' recent article the class of information I which some of the newly converted' to the eerie often seek In vain. Here ,vou are:— When the hou! nt death leaves the body of flesh It is clothed lu a violet- grey body made of ethers, or of unitier of different densities, all purer than tho gases of om earth; It is in these kinds of ethers that light, electricity, Honlgen rays, etc., find the medium in which they express themselves as "modes of motion." Tin soul remains but for a few bourn in this ethurh; coimterimrt of Its fleshy form, and is generally in a dreamy state while in it; It quickly shaken It off, thus divesting Itself of alt the matter belonging, to the physical world, and outers ilie region which comprises the liells uf various religious, lite purguiory of the Roman Catholics, the summerlaud of Ihe Spiritualists, the Intcrnicdiat/ states of the' Hindus ami Buddhists, the laud of desires (Ko- inalnka) or astral plane of the Theosu- phiKts. The conditions there are extremely various, but may be cln.ssilh'd umhr seven headings or regions. Die soul in one region nut being conscious of the seals In Dm other regions, bm -capable of seeing and communicating with those In Its own. These region? differ in the densities of Die matter that mi ters into Die composition of ail fo/ms existing in thorn, nnd it is these differ- cubes of matter that form the barriers preventing inter-communlcatlons; souls, dwelllug In one can no more come Into touch with souls dwelling iu another than a deep sen llsli can hold a conversa tion with an eagle hlgh-polsed In the' air— Die medium necessary to Die life of Die one would bu destructive to the life of the other. A trained occultist can pass into any of these regions at will, having learned how lo adapt himself to thcm.lmi the untrained soul is not thus unfettered, but must remain within the limitations suited to its normal and menial conditions. The eluiriu of this is delhtllouess. You mayn't know precisely Into which of Die seven regions you are going, but the advantage of being " a trained occul tist" is as plain as u pikestaff. 