THE SENSATIONS OF DROWNINC. D"3rownisg is a lpleasant death" is a rearlrk constantly made by those who n~ever gulped down salt water into the d" itcate tissues of thei' lungs . 'a a id [ was bathin,: :: rough vwest on the beach of a watering-place ?d:Northern France. SwP:.,t out to sea. ,"tru'ggltd, s'ank ,beema-. ibsensible vnwas sav-tedby the ( :::ge id skill sf.' gallun:t F1rench·in- -who wrote .ts name that dly in my motherls New ?atuL entS a Illlnoori;:i .f the resclle. . l:i1s all. The ci t, s.iliues Wnere iary. A thousanld such ay" occur ,r year. IPsychologicall. hoiwuever, 're lre points of interest which arise t?eianscipally from the fact that 1 relmenm her all tlht happened duri": a period of tfine which seay have beeh four or five tninutes. but which appeared' to be "ts niany hours. g'ihnost iunmediately I entered the aIter, the much-resounding roar of a v'" waves struck me as desolating and s'erowsful-full of foreboding and ter r'o4. Ashamed of this fancy, I instine iº ely but foolishly fought t;y rwi vy sea .trds. and wavs p'rompitly out of miy kepth: not because I intreidld to 'runl any risk, for 1 could not swimt. lbut be ta.uis the strong current hiad scooped lGit a hollow in the sandy hotitoin. iyWhich had six feet of water on the top of it. Tumbled over by the waves, the concetrated agony of the tlltnllelt when the walter closed over my Ihadi for the lirst time cannot he described. 1,was the bitterest point of the strug ~e. Cruel anld OmllipOEwUt force. with out wa'rning or reason. surrounded mie. 1ul my frantic anllld di'ertliined efforts :to.escape only iucrease.l the peoul-up iassion to cease hloldili' my breith. :Ind to inhal' once mlore: I f'itr instinctiv'e I1, as I writhed in ithe coil. black wa ter. thbat if once 1 succumbed ia tthe tesimpta tionl to expel my breath.' which alimost blu.st the ribs inl my. ang'r efforts to retain it, the end would come; that I' should be compelled to breathe inwahrds awhile covered with the pressilig; slt water. At this time I-nust hvse gi-eni wiay, and the dreaded -streionn =f airi bubbles rose to the snrface.. -::O i feo?w weeks before I had .waitehed "the 'drowning of : cat on the cle:r iatei of. n-.running streani. The aninal iwas tothered to a stone. and: had fdoiglit waith upturnid face forat libertyi: _s hen t.he. bubbles rose in :ti silver. fountain frlom the corners of:its moiuth, it stood atthme bottomni sway"ing in the Ceintle 'ci ,rent, turned overt and after one fiinil etruggle.;avl'ul the ghost' Tlhis scoun came vividly, before me. I thoiught of this wretcihed ciat. and as l half aiuused to think that my'. case was the case of the.cat:. Th~aC aas 110 fear; the a?ctual circunistances' lilled mya attention. and the piteou s.longing to eseal4g. lid: the inability of niy efforts suddl:en?i-becamui suboirdinated to the feeling of .,.intoler able pa.in. i'Eyes. chest, limbs. were all o e solid' pain. Just then I touched the Siandy bottom awith ,Ia ifiigelrs and Iknee, and-lhastily, ssnatched a- ha ndful of sand. and .vwater; to thrulst i i:i inmc mouth to'end this struggle for -ii. All I -wanted jVas to end the: pain.- No thoughit : of death, :except' as. an into nresting:, and nimmaterial factor: in the situation -came over me. It is true thati 3 remembered tlhat I should be missed w-hen dinner time came, and It. 'was found missing; and thinking of the home people, Itthought of a blue tie I had' left .on ,a chest of drawers in my bedroom, whicllh:I had intended to put on. , Then suddenly. i. found smy eyes above .water' for. a second, and I saw two blurred figures: near. -: On this I rsank again, aid. : itas conscious of re ?axina effort and 'sinking. out . of - conscious `,siateto one iu'which - one 'dreamed without knowving what the 'oreams were. F -rom- this I awoke in great pain in the centre of a crowd on the beach. whither imy rescuer. had Iborne me. 'aMy first thought was one of infinite ind unreasoning sh:une; but the nause'a caused by swallowing -so much ,alt waters quickly brought me back to earth again. 