THE ORDEEAL. SooN after the gold fever broke out, I went to California. I first tried my lack at digging for gold myself, but soon tired of that, and, believing I could make money faster and with less labour, I opened a kind of grocery and provision store. My store consisted of a rude skeleton of poles, with a sufficiency of cheap can vas drawn over them and pinned down to the earth. In the dry season it was very dusty, and everyone seemed to be afflicted with a thirst which mere water could not quench. If a man was successful, he wanted whisky to bring his body up to the alti tude of his spirits ; if unsccessful, he wanted whisky to bring his spirits up t) the altitude of his b-ody. Myi store being the headquarters of that locality for whisky and provisions, I was brought into contact with nearly every specimen of gentlemen, labourers, mountaineers, gamblers, thieves, and assassins. Of course I had a chance to study all sorts of faces to my heart's content. I wanted to get hold of what is termed a character--one that would really puzzle you to know what to think of him. Among. -ke.many, such a one I - at length found. At a casual glance there was nothing to distinguish him from the herd. He came in quietly, unobtrusively purchased a quantity of doar, pork, and tea, paid for the same in gold dust, and went about his business. He repeated his visits at intervals be fore he attracted my attention to any thing peculiar in his appearance, and then I should have been at a loss to say what I saw more in him at last than at first. He was apparently about twenty-five years of age, of medium height and slender figure, and of a dark complexion. He was quiet, had nothing to say except about the business he came on, got. what he wanted, paid for what he got, and generaliy retired without making any remark. And yet he attracted my attention at last, and I began to wonder why. At all events, he had begun to interest me in some way, and that led me to ob: serve him more closely, and to try and draw him into conversation. One day, I scarcely know how, I touched upon the genu.ral superstitions of mankind, and to my surprise I saw that he was interestel. His eye bright ,-ned, and emitted a paculi:ir g-lcun ; I had never seen one like it, and it seemed to give me a .limapse of sometihing dark and hidenus. A nameless fear came over me, and I shudldered. ,No wonder I had not been able to read him before. The man had been wearing an imnpenetrable mask. But now I had the key to the mystery, and I used it. He was interested in superstitions; he was s-rlprstitiuus himseis, and evidently a fatalist. I had accidentally thrown him off .his guard and read his soul. Fear only nade: hiam so; and in.one of his iron nature fear could only arise from a guiti conscience. The man was; even then a criminal. One dark night I was startled from my sleep by wild, pro!onged shrieks, and crie.a of : SMI:rder : Murder! Help I Help !' I jumped up, seized my revulver, and darted oat into the open air. The cries iand sceacs s'ill contin:rd, coming hoir a po;nt on the bend of the I river about a h.ndred rods below. In a minute I was joine!Id by five o:her men, all well armed, and toget!her we :an down to the place from which tihe alarm proceeded. lghen we arrived there, at least 30 men were collected in and around the tent of the dark man I have been de scribing, and he himself it was who had given tii~ alarm. His partner and companion had been murdered and robbed, and hlie himself had been slightlv cut across the face and gashed on the left arm, and he was all excitement, lamenting his dearest friend, and vowing vengeauce against the as _assin. Who has done this fearfiul deed "' cried the drrk man, as he knelt at the head of the victim. ' Oh, that I knew the villain ' It was some time before wre could get at tire partircu'ars, and then we learned that both had been sleeping side by sile. when an unk;nown robber had crawled under the light canvas, stabbed one to thle heart, and taken a large bag of gold from under his head. With this hie was escaping, when the dark man awake and seized hiom, and received the wounds which had com pelled him to relinquish his hold. Lights were bronught, and thlere, sur-e enough, was the sauguinary confirimation of all that had beeni related. Even-ry man felt that if the assassin escaped without his fill punisRhment. there would no longer be securitv for anyone in our hitherto comparatively quiet and peaceful valley, and silren oaths were taken to hang the wretchl: if found, upon the nearest tree. A large reward was offered for his de-, tection, and as every gnmbler that had ever been seen about there was more or less suspected, there is little doubt that had any of them been arrested tire next day. he would have been hanged hirst and tried afterwards. I said less than any, for I had my own suspicions, andl I contrived my plot in secret, and made a contilant of no one. The murdered young man was de cently buried as circums'tances would' permit, and his companion, my super stitious f-iend, grew more moody . with grieF, refuseS to work his lead any more, and proposed selling off his rocker and tools, and quitting the country alto gether. I think he would have gone at once, only that I told him it would not look well to leave without an effort to discover the murderer, as some people might be maliciorni eno?n h to say he knew some thing of the matter, and so get him-into trouble, He turned very pale, and declared he would stay a year, if he thought. by that means he could discover the assassin of his friend. On the second afternoon following the tragedy, almost every individual in the vicinity, the friend of the murdered man among the rest, assembled at my store at my particular request. I had told them I had something to communicate concerning the foul deed, and I-thought it not unlikely I should give them some clue to the assassin. When all had gathered and arranged themselves, as I had directed, in a semi circle round my door, I came forward, holding in my hand an egg. Then I made them a short speech on the various sunerstitions of mankind, which I contended had their origin in mysterious facts; and, among other things, I mentioned how the ghosts of their victims would often haunt the mur derers, compelling them to reveal their crimes, and how it had been asserted. that if the guilty wretch should place his hand upon the body of the man he had secretly slain the wound would bleed afresh. ' And now, gentlemen,' I continued, ' I hold in my hand as sure a test as any I have named. Tliis simple egg, so fair to the view, contains the murderer's se cret.' ' Let him,' I went on, impressively, ' but take it in his hand, and the frail shell will crumble to pieces and show to all that it is filled with the blood of his victim. ' The murderer of the young man we buried yesterday may be among us; but only the guilty need fear the trial-the innocent will surely pass the ordeal un harmed.' As I said this, I fired my gaze upon my dark visitor, my suspected man. I never saw a more wretched and ghastly countenance, nor a greater strug gle in any living being to keep a calm and unmoved exterior. The egg began its round. Some took it gravely, some lightly, some turned slightly pale, and some laughed outright. Bat on it went, and came nearer and nearer to the man for whom it was in tended. I -nild see that he- was trembling that his. very lips were- getting white. S'It is your turn now !' I said at length, in a cold stern tone. ' Mine ?' he answered, with a ghastly attemt at alsmile. ' Why-why-should I-take it ? Poor Wilsn was my-my -friend !' 'Let him prove so now ' I said. ' All eyes are upon you. Take the ordeal, and prove yur innocence-jfy-u can I' He gla:,cel hurriedly ar.,uad. All eyes w.-re iniel' upon him, and with looks of awakening suispici in. He made one despairing e:Jort to b c-lrn, gulped his breath like one chok ing, and se:z -d the fatal egg with tremn blin. hndls. The nnext moment it was crushed in atoms, and his hands were wet and sta:ied as if with human g,,re. A wild yell burst from the crowd. A despairing shriek came from the 'lips of the guilty . wretch ! and falling, rather than sinking, down upon his km es, lhe cried out : ' God of mercy, forgive me ! I did kill iii ,rs ld, h old his ggld, hi old ! his gold : 0 lH-Iel n, iorgive am. !' SAnd how mtny before him?' de m?nded tL 'T'ilrec ! three! Oh, mercy forgive Th,.re was anothr rvild yell, or rather howl, of fu?y-a rush like wolves upon their prey~-and the poor wretch was s.ized, almost torn 1':nb from limb, an 1 dragged furiously away. In less than ten minutes from his confession he was dangling from a neigh bouring tree- swinginig by his neck. So died the murderer. SI will only add that, believing him guilty, I had previously prepared the egg, expecting to see him crush it through his superstitious. fears - of a supernatural discovery. They offered me the promisei reward for the detection of the murderer-but this I declined. Justice was all I had sought, and this I had obtained. 