IN A YELLOW ENVELOPE. nV LILLIfi HAMILTON FRENCH J HER windows bad bee darkened nU dsy. N® one whis pered In tha hells Or ' bbovm by hot dsor except with oiaelfiis tread. Not sound had been psrnutted te psosttntehorcosn exoept that which no ods eould con trol— the incessant undulating roar of csbs |io much more disbrsoting to many of as than even tbe jingle of ear bills or the jar of heavy trucks. But Eleanor Irvine bad been accustomed ®vsr since she could remember to the noise of these cabs, end slept withont being disturbed by them. Bbe had danced nil night. She was conscious, as she lay on her pillow before falling asleep, that she had never been happier in her life. Every sesthetio sause in her had been satis fied. The music of the Hungarian band had had just that touch of the primitive in it. of the unsubdued wildness of nature— its cry for its own, its forests and its freedom— breaking out In the melodies which seemed to her to be long even more te such n night of pleasure and dance than tbe mere sensuous strains af other lands. Tbe decorations of tho rooms had been nil white and green, as though Ibe woods of early spriog had been transplanted there. She felt at oece in harmony with them, and so lost ceuseiousuess of self. The perfectcess of her own appointments, the glory of her aboundiog health, tbe fact that her lever was satisfied with ber, that he was as happy as she, helped to make ber forget everything but the spirit of happiness that swayed them both. The clook had struck twelve before she awoke ad rang her bell. Her nine hears' sleep had then been accomplished. Those who wonder at the beauty and fresh ness of ysung girls after a winter of danomg, so different frem the dry pinched look of mauy a more earnest sister, are not in the confidence of watchful mothers and guardians. They do not know hew carefully the temperature of the roDQt in which the ball dress is removed is regu lated at night, nor how strenuously some nourishment for the wrary deocor is insisted upon— the steaming bouillon, the aailk, or tbe saudwicb. Nor <2b they realise hew next day all the household is ordered for the oemfort of tho late sleeper— ordered as if some convales cent rather than some irresponsible seeker after pleasure, lay in tbe darkened chamber. Mies Irving' morning letters were brought to her on ber breakfast trey. Theje were always a dozen notes or more, with cards for teas and lavitatious far dieners four weeks ahead. No young woman in years tfad been a greater sue- ceis There was, bmides these other letters, always, ne matter at what hour thoy had parted the night before, a little note frum her lover, Kiehard Winthrop. These notes were of the things be never uegleoted. Thoy were one of tbe sentiments ehe loved beat. They helped her, with all the other evidences he gave of n thoughtful, unswerving devotion, to that sense of quiet yet joyful security she felt so snro and firm she was free to be herself without fear about life, as though the foundations were sura sod firm— of warp or miiunderstanding. She did not always read his letter first, . It depended vary much on who was in the room with her. When her old nurae Martha stayod, as she did thie morning, Eleanor slipped Win throp letter into the pocket of ber wrapper. Bhe could talk to Martha about everything else iu the world— about Winthiop himaelf— but hit letters were snmehew bnly ground te her. Martha sat now iu front of the fire on a low chair always reserved for ber, took a woollen sock from her ample pooket, and knitted while he waited. Martha had never outgrown her taste for this fsot-gear, imbibed on the field of her early peasant days. Eleanor's letters wero part of the pride of the old woman's life. They helped to prove the im portance of the child to, whom she had given the devotion of years. Eleanor, knowing this, often read her letters aud invitations aloud, even to the names and addresses on certain cards for tea. Martha bad a taste for localities and great hoosoe. It was tbe tenth envelope she had opened and thrown away that morning. 44 It looks queer,'' Eleanor said, turning it over in her hand. 41 It's from some poor man, 1 suppose. But it is not sigued. I never had a letter before without a signature to it." All anonymous letters are the same. They are never used to carry the sweet, tbe puro, and the helpfol word, utterod without a thought that oenld wish for concealment. Tho poison ous, the death-dealing, tbe cruel, and the cow ardly— these the anonymous reserves for itself. This one made no pretence to sympathy. 44 Aak tbe man who calls himself your father who your mother was,4' it ran. 44 When I knew her she took in .washing. Her basbsed died a drunkard. Whet will your beau's proud family ay to that r1" 41 It's net for mr, surely. There is some mistake," Eleanor said as she finished 44 Hand me the envelope— that yellow one. Yea, it is addressed to me. But what mekei your hand tremble so ? Nursey, you dear old thing, come here. Push my pillow away, and sit down and get your arm under me, toe way I've always loved. The man's or»zy. He did not mean so insult. Ho baa not hurt me. Don't mind, dear. I cannot expect te escape aneuymous letters. All famous people hare them," ihe added, laughing. With her loft hand on the old woman's withered ebeuk she drew her face down towards her owe, lying . upturned aud wreathed in emlles on the nurse's breast. 44 You're white as a ghost, too. This is not right, nursey. if I do aot mind, you must not. If yuu do this way I will think you believe it," she raid cheerfully, es sue semetlmes comfort and diverts a sobbing child. . Martha nibbed her obeek osce or t wioe across the girl's fair forehead. But she said nu word. After a moment, gently, as if Eleenor was still the sleeping baby she once carried In her arms, she lifted tbe girl's strong, firm band that oar- rased and held her check, and laid it across the abooti drew away the arm from under Eleanor, laid ber head tenderly en the pillow that she smoothed, and, without a word, turned, still trembling, and left the room, 44 I shell have te take usre ef ber now," Elcauor said, when the door closed 44 1 never thought that she was growing old. Bbe minds things so that happen to ids. Poor soul ! J must think of something very nice to tell her, somctbiug someono has said to me, to mako her forget this. Bhe does net know what awful letters people got. I suppose thero were not any oranks In bar day." But Elsaiier thought of nothing to tell her. instead, she picked the ill-written letter up again and read it, turned it over, and read it again. Then aha held it before bar without sending, staring at it with wide-open eyes. There was absolute stillness in the room, except for tbe desultory spluttering of tho soft-coel fire, Outside, the oabe still rumbled. EloaQor lay without moving, itaring at the letter. Suddenly she sprang un and tossed the paper from her. " How awful," she ex claimed. /' Suppose I wero some nervous or imaginative person Y I'll burn It' flfce stopped and read the words again " Soppose poor papa had 'seen it," she aali, and esuk with the letter outspread before her en the edge of ber sofa. The silenoe of tha room returned.- Eleanor safe without moving. It was her father's cheerful little whistle ea ho opeoed tho front door below that at last aroused her, Ha always signalled her this way. 14 I'm late for papa," she said, rising and crushing tbe letter in ber hand, 41 Dear paps, I've never bean so late before. Just a few moments. I'll hurry," she celled over the banisters. 41 1 had so many letters to-day," 44 1 won't tell him," she said as she dressed. But with her father's arms aboat her, his dear face near her ewo, ehe broke down end rend the letter to him. Ehe was not used to concealments with him, even these ehe thought might spare him pain. There had never heen any pain ehe had known hefnre to spare be tween them, or to give her precedents to fellow. 44 Noraey felt werse than I did," Eleanor added. 44 1 told her the' man was crazy. Yen can tell by his letter en thie old half-sheet that he is net n gentleman." Neither Eleanor nor her father drove that day. The hemes came, waited before the door, and were seat, away. Neither was anyone who came admitted to the library. Behind its closed doors, through hour arter hear of that after noon, the tragedy ef two lives was played. To Eleanor the hardest part, at first, was aot th thought of her humble birth, but the fact that this man she had called her father was bound te her by no ties of bloed, nor she to him, so prone are we alt in crisis end emergenoiss to look first to the laws of flesh. Even in her grief, when with tho cry ef the child ehe held out her arms to him, something in her kept her from touching him. It was the crudest stab of all to Irving, though the tenders# and com passion of Ihe man made him understand the girl's reluctsoce. It wos only. after tbe awful diiztuets aud sense ef blinding isolation that came from tbe sadden breaking of pbyeioal tiee had passed away that the confusion in her own mind was cleared, and she herself was able to rise above the ruin of her old beliefs to stand bol'ore him as she had dona until new know ledge earns in tho glad certainty of a love all tenderness and protection, bore of no physical bond, dependent on none, snpreme in Us law of sympathy and understanding. In brrown bedroom afterwards, thinking it all over, Eleanor eould recall hut little of their talk— only gestures, broken words, comforting caresses. There wero three thioga, however, that stood out with dread and terrible distinct ness ; tbe picture of tbe young woman,ill at the time, bonding over a wash-tub en the peroh of a broken- down country house ; snd the other picturo of tbe child playing about the woman's foot— tba child whose marvellous beauty had attracted Mr. Irving as he drove by. Then the desolation of the abandoned, broken-down house, from which the sick mother had disap peared when Mr. Irving having left the ehild nt home with his own wile, drove ont for news of thr mother next day. Strangely enough, Elesuox bad sot thought of Winthrop. It was tbe sight of krs still un opened intter tkat recalled him. Martha had found it in the wrapper pocketand put it on her drussing-tabie. Martha, though Eleanor did not know it lay at tbe time face downward on her own pillow in tho little buck room upstairs, her whole frame stoken with sobs. Sadder even than a man in tears is an old woman who cries —cries with tbe passion and despair of youth. It never, occurred to Eleanor to rood Win- tlirop's letter. Somehow she felt she could not until he knew Ihe truth about her, Nor did it occur to her to conceal tho truth from him. She was careful, however, not to dress her self in the colours or the clothes he fancied most. A osrtain courage in bvr, a pride, per haps, n sudden new perception, hardly grasped, of what his love must be, stood out against all thought of weak advantage for herself. She movsd about with unbroken calm composure, failiug only once, when a fierce, quick surge of feeling overwhelmed ber, and throwing her tight-clavped hands over her head she leaned her forehead against the door and cried, 44 Ob, (tod ! I wanted te give bim something with out spat of blemish— 1 lovo him ae," She lifted her hand and held it palm out? ward toward Winthrop when, a little later, he oamo forward to meet her In the parlour bolew. 44 Not yet, Dick dear," she said— 44 not yet. First, here's your own letter. 1 never gave you one of your's unopened before. You don't want to take it. Oh, I don't wonder. Bit, Dick, read this." She watobed his face as he reed the crumpled sheet. There bad never been fear or oonoeal- meat between thorn. She wan not afraid now. She had so thought of tho future, nose ef the past, and but on# desire— that no shadow of un truth should mar tbe perfect brightness between them. She wss conscious of nu anguish, no suspense, so desiro to turn ber eyes away, as those have who fear that revelations may bo made. Eleanor kunw thore was nothing te dread tiomehuw the souls of these two had known each other first. Richard Winthrop rend tbe letter rapidly with indrawn breath. Then, dropping it, stepped quickly foiward, bis arms utbeld too Eleanor. 44 My little girl I" wee ell he said, Atterwards, the long silence dune whan be held her close, he took her face between bis palms, and bending, kissed ber oq her forehead, then upon both hands. 44 Those are my rever ence for yeu, my lady, first," be said, 44 before 1 touch your lips, my sweetheart. Dearest," he added, with his palms on her chevks again, 4 what are any or all of theso things to yen and me f " Martha slept on a little oot by Eleanor's bed that night. All the tenderness of tbe girl was for the old woman. Sho soothed bar with gentle words, and listened while she was told stories o( the pielty child given her long »go to oare for, and of the love of Mrs. Irving for it— a love as Louder as if tbe ofailrt had beeu her own; aud then ef the promise made by Martha, whrn Mrs. Irving was dying, that Msrtba would keep tbe little girl frem all knowledge that would harm ber. To Eleanor it seemed, as she waked next morning that tbe wurid of Jove was mere beau tiful thin she had ever dreamed— her little world with its three people nearest her, Mr. Irving, now more her father than ever, Win throp, and Martha. The pain by which ehe had been taught its beauty was as uotbiug to tho glory of what she new knew its beauty to bo It was when her tray with its letters irem tbe great social world outside was brought, Richard's daily letter tucked sinoug them, that a sudden piercing oonscioutness came te her of what that other world would say, to whiok bo and she also bore relationship— that great ooial world with its traditions and its customs, its biudieg laws and sharp dividing liaet. An inevitable rsaotion followed, end she quailed beforo it, while with morbid senses, flrat nweketmd, she dwelt upon Up power of socinl foroes to destroy her, 14 Thoy have not laved me nor courted me, bat my position, the woman they thought I was with the bleed of tba Irvings in my veiei." She left her breakfast untoated, Wiafebrop'a letter unread. She moved about the room with restless step. Bhe dressed alone, with long pauses. Now nod then, for moments nt a time, ber head wss buried In ber arm stretched along the edge of her dressing table. Two or three times she looked out of tho windows of her sittiog-room and tamed away, 44 Ob, the world— the worid-R' she said. ,4 Ooghfc I to make Riohard suffer ?" ' A carriage stopped before her door— a ear rixgo with two men oo tho box. Blunor stood . : , — — : — -v. by tho window as if ' frozen, while the fcotm&W; sprang to the pavement. Two women stepped out— an elderly, lady with soft grey heir and prond poise. . of the hen4» and n yodnger woman with grave face, A . sharp cry broke from Eleanor's lips as they mounted the steps. 44 Dick's mother and Margaret ! I had forgot ten to think ef them. How can I ever tell them F Bhe rang the bell for Martha, and stooiil by the closed dour, .trembling with suspuasu. " Nursey," she oalled, as it opened. Bui Martha had not come. Tbe woman who en tored was Mrs, Winthrep, . Mrs.Wintbrop's face was lnmioous. For th' first time Eleanor saw. a look of llichard rounl the month. Mrs. Winthrop pat both habds or Eleanor's shoulders. 44 My littib»firl I" she said. " The words, too/ w«e like Richard's. 14 1 have kuqwa all abuui it for twenty years." 1 t 