DREAMS THAT GAME TRUE. HOW MTJBDEREES WERE TRACKED. Strange as ib may now appear, it ip nevertheless a fact that in the past dreama. signs, and portents played no inoon3ider able pait in our law courts, and- the reports of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries are brimful of references thereto. In con nection with dreams, perhaps one of the most remarkable trials, certainly of later riatra wo« t.hnh in pnnnenbion wibh bhe slav ing of Maria Martin, or the murder of bhe Red Barn, in which the murderer was dis covered wholly and solely through bhe means of information gained through a dream. The victim of the murder was the daughter of a mole catcher, who possessed far more beauty and education than young women of her class. Needless to say she was the cause of much jealousy, and among her lovers was a rich young man named John Corder, by whom she wa3 seduced and then abandoned. In turn, William Corder, John's brother, appeared upon the scene, and under promise of marriage Maria was again betrayed ; and afterwards finding that she was to become a mother, she prayed her betrayer to -jarry out his promise. This, however, was nob to the taste of William Corder, who, under promise of a secret marriage, made arrangements with the girl to meet him at a red barn on his mother's farm, whence they would leatfe for a neighbouring town and get married. The girl met him as arranged, when he shot and buried her beneath the flooring of the barn. ? William Corder then disappeared, and returning after a few days, told Mr. and Mrs. Martin that the marriage had taken place, and that their daughter was living at Ipswich. Some months elapsed, the barn wherein the body was buried was filled with corn, and as no tidings came from the young woman, Corder gave as a reason that she had hurt her right hand, and therefore could not write to her parents, shortly after which Corder left the neighbourhood. Some tune later, Mrs. Martin dreamed that her daughter had been murdered by Corder and buried in the barn, and so frequently was the dream re peated that in the end ' the woman per suaded her husband to get the grain re moved, and to dig at the spot ind.cated in the dream, which he did, when the body was immediately discovered and indenti fied. Suspicibn naturally pointing to Cor der, he was traced to London, where he was found married to a schoolmistress, on whose earnings he was living. He was arrested,, found guilty, and duly executed, bhe meting out of justice in this instance being entirely due to a dream. JJKHiAil EViUJaiWUEi. Harking back somewhat we find that in 1751 an Irish murderer was convicted largely upon dream evidence. One Rogers, a Waterford- publican, dreamed that he saw a man murder another in a particular green spot on the summit of a neighbour ing mountain. On the following day he described both men he had seen in his dream with perfect accuracy, which he did to many of his companions. One of the men was exceptionally strong ; the other, who committed the crime, was weak and small. Rogers at length prevailed upon the parish priest to accompany him to the spot, which was easily found, but which bore no traces of a death struggle. On the follow ing day. however, two men entered the publichouse whose appearance tallied exactly with those in the dieam vision When they rose to leave Rogers begged the one wnom ne expecteu to uc uiuiucicu vv remain, but unavailingly. After the man had left he nearly fainted from fright, and in the end persuaded a neighbour to ac company him to the green spot on the hill, where, sure enough, the tragedy of the dream had been enacted in real life. The murderer was tracked and captured and Rogers wa3 the principal witness against him. His description of his dream was so vivid that the prisoner immediately ac knowledged his guilt, and stated that he killed his companion with eight stabs, ex actly as pictured in the dream. In 1810, at Frankfort, in Germany, a woman named Kraeme mado application to a local judge to be sworn, as she ha'd some information to impart relating to a murder committed in a remote village in Russia, many days' journey from her German domi cile. Her story ran thus : — Ten years be fore her only son left home. She heard nobhing of him, and had no idea ab all where he was living until the night befo^ when his spirituppeared to her and told her what she now hastened to relate. The revelation was that after leaving home the young man had wandered about Europe till he had finally found work in the village of Klaf in Russia. Here he had fallen in love with a serf's daughter who had a Russian beau. On the preceding night this latter had inveigled the young Teuton into the country, where he had stabbed him, and then concealed the body in a cave off the highway. The Judge was so impressed with the description that he forwarded ih bo a notary in Klaf. In the meantime Karl Kraeme had. been missed, and on receipt of bhe dream story the police searched for the cave; found it exactly located as described, and aiso found the body, with a wound corresponding with that detailed in bhe vision. The murderer was at. once arrested, and the widow Kraeme undertook the long journey to avenge her son's death. Her recital in court was vivid in the extreme, and she screamed with fright when she first saw the prisoner, whom'she picked out from a crowd of men in a dimly lighted- cell She also identified the woman who was the cause of the trouble. INDIAN VISIONS. ^ - Touching haunted houses, we may ret call an incident familiar enough ab he. be- ginning of bhe century,- when ' The Memoirs of a Thug ' was in everybody's hands, but remembered by few probably at ?-ij in uctiGa iuajui, ucticiai kjirjciuaii^ baj;iaut at that time, was travelling up country with his wife. He encamped in a pretty | grove of mangos near Sangor. . Ab mid- j night; Mrs. Sleeman awoke screaming. ? In a dream she saw scores of .naked corpses rise from bhe earth ab the bedside. Her husband calmed her, and she slept. again ; but the dream returned and =o painfully was she agitated that ib became necessary ' to strike the camp a little after midnight. | Captain Sleeman reported this incident to Meadows Taylor, who was then directing his famous campaign against the Thug.x He. questioned one of the approvers, who recog nised bbe description of the mango tope near Sangoi,'ab once. Several victims had been buried there. Taylor had tho ground 'dug, and ihey turned; up.Jif we remember j. rightly, the bones of sevenloen persona. | This is one of bhe besb ghost stories extant,;' | because indubitably authentic. At the | same time it is easily 'explained. Mrs. i Sleeman had been hearing the frightful. | evidence published from day to day at j that 'time, when bhe Thugs had just been i discovered. She knew that they habitually ! buried their victims in groves, and that ; night she chanced bo be in the nervous con- ! dition when waking thoughts take shape as j dreams. - . , ] The famous regiment once known as bhe. i 74th Highlanders has: a ^ legend handed, down for three generations at least. . A; captain, whose name escapes us, was writ--; ing in his tent at:Sholapore, when a -young'' j .soldier in hospital garb entered. ' Please,: sir, I wish to have my arrears sent to my! mobher. Will you kindly bake down the address ?' The officer did so without thinking : when he looked up the visitor' was gone. Then it struck him that this was very irregular. He called aheser-: geant, who informed him that the young; man in question had died in hospital the! day before, leaving an unusual sum ofj money, and that the address of his friends; could nob be discovered. Ib is alleged bhab! a report of these facts, drawn up there and then, still exists. 