THE DEAN ON CARMEL AND HOREB. SERMON AT THE PRO-CATHEDRAL. I Kings, ix., 12—“And after the earthquake a fire, but the Lord was not in the fire, and after the fire a still small voics.” Compare with this the 18th chapter and the 39th verse —“And when all the people saw it they fell on their faces, and they s*id,. ‘The Lord, He is the God; the Lord, He is tha God.’” The preacher said—“l think this was the snblimest moment and the mo*t geared crisis in the life of Elijah. The hour when he stood at the entranae of the cave and wrapped bib face in his mantle is second only to that in whioh he was triumphantly swept away into Heaven; and, indeed, I think it probable that the splendor of bis departure from earth would never have been granted if he had been less reverent at the Bound of the still small voice, for it was from that moment that he became a greater and nobler man. It was among those wild solitudes that Elijah learnt the supreme lesson of his "life, entered on his highest and noblest work, and began to make ready for the solemn and glorious end. But, perhaps, some will not think thus. The scene on Carmel has greater attractions for them, and seems the cnlminating point in the prophet’s history. Let me ask you, then, to compare the two, and especially would I ask you to note their effects on Elijah and their after results in the nation’s life. On Carmel he is snrronnded by the hosts of Israel and by his enemies, the prophets of a heathen deity. On Horeb he is blodb on the mountain with God. On Carmel the shouts of the people proclaim him viotor in the great contest of prayer, while the baffled priests hang their heads in defeated shame. On Horeb the crash of storm.; apd tumult of wind and earth, quake make him feel his littleness in the presence of nature’s majesty, while a voice ‘so small that it was almost silence’ bidß him hido his face in awe and wonder. On Carmel he has the nation and its king at Itiß feet, eager to obey his smallest command. On Horeb he is a lonely exile, fled from the threats of an evil woman and asking for death at the hands of God. Surely on Carmel he is greatest. Bnt look olo*»r. Note the conduct of this strango man. What is the effect npon him of Carmel’s victory? His fiery zeal is Btirred to itß utmost. The wild fierce prophet will take advantage of his trinmph. First of all the prophets of falsehood and idolatry must die. At his command, if not by his owu hand, they are led down the monntain slopes and Blain by the river that flowed below. Then, the flush of victory still npon him, he gathers up his streaming mantle, gird* himself, and through the storm of wind and rain which came suddenly npon them, he ran before the chariot of Ahab with swift and tire less step. Tims ended the day so full of event ful and exciting deeds. So tar all aeems triumphant. Elijah is the here of the honr, the greatest man in all Israel for the time, and doubtless be fell asleep that night with visions of glory and of hope for bis nation, and for tho honor of his nation's God. Bnt the re aotion comes, tbs weariness and despondency which follows from ovor wrought feelings and exnltant passions. Possibly ghosts of those slaughtered priests haunted his dreams that night, and donbts about the rightness of their destruction greeted his waking thought*. Then, in the midst of these, a threat comes from an enraged woman —the woman who rules her husband as well as the nation, and who vows to number Elijah among the prophets he has slain—and Elijah fled—the man who yesterday oould command both king and people fled. Sorely, if that scone on Carmel with its succeeding bloodshed had been as much of God as we have often supposed, it would not have ended like this. Would its effect have lasted only a day. and its leader have fled before a woman’s rage ? If Elijah had gained the highest kind of victory that day, would he have been the hero of ouly one short hour? If he had really defeated Baal and reached the hearts of the people through that fire and slaughter, would he not have oalled them around him instead of leaving them to the ignoble sway of a heathen queen ? Let us read these ancient histories with thoughtful hearts 'that we may see what is Divine and what is hamad in them. Let us be careful how we assign all the acta of these great bat erring men to the guidance and influence of God, and let ns try to see when they are noblest, when they are nearest to righteousness and truth, and when they are acting from the impulse of their own unguided zeal. God, it is said, answered Elijah by fire, bnt what did that do? It only awoke the meaningless shoots of the crowd. God per mitted-’ the Blanghter of the priests, but that only led to the prophets’ terror, despondenoy, and flight. And all this doss not look as if it were altogether divine in its origin or abiding in the glory of its issnes. We make much of Carmel, with its fire and its bloodshed, and its shouting orowds, but it came to nothing; it ended in defeat. Now turn to the other and stranger scene. Away from men and cities, away from his own people and his native land—a desert journey of 40 days lying between him and Mb fellow men —alone Rmong the awful solitudes of Horeb, the baffled prophet seeks the shelter and relief of death. Yon oan understand his grief and bitterness. The victory of Carmel all for nothing; Jezebel, Baal’s priestess, still in power; the people atnpid, fiokle, faithless. Very touohing is the cry of the disappointed heart —‘They have forsaken Thy covenant, thrown down thy altars, slain Thy prophet*; I, even I only, am left, and they seek my life to take it away. I oan do no good. The cause is hopeless, and the work vain. It is enongh now, O Lord, take away my life, for I am not better than my fathers. Let me die by Thy band, and alone with Thee; not by the hand of Thine enemies and amid the tanntß of men.’ Do yon foel tempted to despise him? Do yon deem him oowardly now? I think he was nearer to God in that moment than ever before. See how God deals with His troubled servant. He does not condemn. There are no words of anger and reproaoh. But a vision, and a voice; a storm, and a whisper. And note that while the vision is strangelv in accord with Elijah’s own fierce and fiery natnre, the voice is in atartliug contrast with it. An awfnl hurricane rushed by him, rending the rooks and rolling the massive frag ments of granite down the mountainside. Then an -earthquake shook the mountain, and it seemed to tremble beneath bis feet. Then ns he looked ont of his cave into tha darkness tha lightning gleamed around him, 'and all the hillside seemed on fire. But the Lord was not in these, and none of these could awe or frichten him. They rather suited his grand and gloomy soul, and seemed but the echoes of the tumults in his own breast. But all passed, and God was not in it. Then oame a stillness, such as only follows when a storm has lulled itself to sleep, a silence which no voice of man, or cry of bird, nr moan of wind disturbed—the awfnl hush of natnre, a* if she had spent herself in the tempest’s rage—and in that Bilenco oame a whisper, a still small voios, and at the sound of that the strong man wrapped his faoe in bis mantle and listened. He who had sat oalm and fear less while the thunder rolled and the lightning flashed starts up at tho aoand of that whisper ing voice and, covering his faoe, goes ont to hear the message from the awfnl other world. Surely this was the Rnpremest moment, the snblimest crisis in Elijah’s lifo, as it is in the life of every man whan he hears the eame still voice, and bides his face to listen in reverence to the message of God. And what did this soene on Horeb teach tho lonely man? God was not in the atorm, or tha earthquake, or the fire, bat in the silent voioe—God was not in those .wildj'ifieroa measures by whioh this prophet of fire had Bought to con vert the nation and root out its sin— but rather in the still whisper of conscience, in the calm words of trnth which his servant had spoken, and in the faithful hearts of the 7000 who had never bowed the knee to Baal. There was a revelation of God in the wind and the earthquake and the fire. In these the Lord ’ passed by,’ bnt tho full revelation was not in them. Even in these stern times God worked in simpler way, and spoke in gentler voice, and Biirely we cannot fail to Bee in this a type and a proph-oy of God’s higher ways in dealing with men and of bringing them to Himself. Often, indeed, for the hardness of men’s hearts God suffered His prophets to ao complish deeds of vengeance, of bloodshed, and of fire, to startle men from their evil ways. But these were not His honored works, nor those whioh produced tha most enduring result*. And from earliest times and in the midst of these fiercer laws, we can heßr voices, and read the signs of gentler and softer influences at work. There is a gosp-l even on Sinai, an evangel even at Horeb, a faint whisper of that voice that in fuller tones should give the per feot laws of Heaven from the slopes of Olivet and on the shores of the Galilean lake. ‘The raging fire, the roaring wind, Thy boundless power display; Bnt in the gentler breeze wn find \ The spirit’s viewless way.’ “Judgment has always been God’s strange work, meroy ha* ever been His dearest mes senger and love His mightiest prophet. And ever as the Old Testament history moves on and unfold* His wsys, we oan see the sterner giving place to the gentler, the atorm dying aw iy that the still voice may be heard. Elijah and Elisha pass from view that the milder bnt deeper te&obing; of Hosea, Micab, and Isaiah .may take their p’ace, till finally the groat stern preacher of the wilder ness, the second Hlijah, makes way for the prophet of Nazareth, the High Driest of mercy, of meekness, and of grace. And now let us try and gather into a foous the scattered rays of trnth which the soenes of Carmel and Horeb have let through npon us and concentrate it on our own work in the world, and on our secret religious life.’ 1. With reference to our work these soenes will teaoh ns that not in the acolaim of crowdß, but in the seoret hearts of those whom we can nobly inflnenoe, must our true sucoesß be found. Not in the crowd on Carmel shouting, ‘ The Lord, He is God,’ but in the unknown of the 7000 whom Elijah’s example had sus tained—in these were the proofs that He bad not lived in vain. ‘I, only I, am left,’cries the lonely spirit. And then shall we not learn from the contrast of these two soenes what is beat for our own secret life and what it is that brings us nearest to God. Not the splendid triumph which led Elijah to slay the defeated priests, and to rua before the chariot of a king; but that voice which made him wrap his faoe io his mantle was the best for him, and taught him the greatest lesson of his life. The issue of the first was despondency and flight; the issue of the second was a calm return to duty and a noble adherence to his work till the chariot of fire swept him into the presence of God; and it is so with all. Ap plause may intoxicate; popularity may lead aßtray. We want to be alone sometimes, to seek that sacred quietness where the whisper of onnsoience may be heard, and the still small voios of God. This it is that can steady us amid a false excitement; that oan refresh us when reaction from work brings despondency, that can send us forth to our dnty again with strong and hopeful hearts. Let ub seek for the inward rather than the outward. J would gauge the schoolmaster’s success not by the number of boy* crammed for an examination, but by the number whose individual powers have been drawn forth—wbioh is real educa tion—and whose characters have been wisely moulded and nobly influenoed. I would gauge the preacher’s Buocess not by the number of hi* congregation, but by the hold which bis aermonß have npon hi* hearers daring the week, the frequency with which they return to the memory, and the power they have to influence and color the life. Seek to live a true life rather than a dramatic one. The virtues that attract'us most nre silent. The most beautiful charities go noisolesaly to their mission. How silently the flowers bloom and yet what sweet fragrance they emit. How Bilently the Btars that sparkle without num ber move in their majestic marches. How Bilently the angel* work, stepping with noise less tread to porform their blessed ministries for moo. It is the qaiat, unheralded lives that are doing the heavenliest work in the world. They are not reported in the court gazettes. Their names are not insoribed in marble bnßts, nor their deeds emblazoned in monumental honor. Hut they are God’s best workers, and in heaven they will get their reward, not praise of man, but .confession by Christ in the Dresence of the Father and the Holy Angels.” 