Good Stories— Old and New. Tho now Bishop of Lonidori '? hoS* a keen sense of humour. During ,a confirmation tour in tho diocese of Potorborough, Dr, Oroighton put np : ono yyoning (says the London Daily News) in an old manor nousb, and slept in a room supposed to bo haunted. Next morning at breakfast, the Bishop was asked whether he had seen the ghost. 'Yes,' ho replied, with great solemnity, ' but I havo laicl_ tno spirit ; it will never troublo you again !' Oa being further interrogated as to ?what ho had dono, the Bishop said: 'Tho' ghost instantly vanished when I asked fora subscription towards the restoration of Peterborough Cathedral.' Mr. Lucy comments upon the pleasant fact that in Bnglard political warfare hardly over interferes with personal relationships. Tho friendship of Sir William Harcourt and Mr. Ohamborlain is a case in point ; but thero is another relationship enjoyed by Sir Wil liam of older standing and closer touch. Since the Liberal 'split,' tho friends havo of ten in debate in the House of Commons boon personally pitted against each other, mutually dealing blows that made tho rafters ring— or would have done so if thoro had boen any rafters in the House of Commons. An eminent Conservative lately remarked to Sir_ William Harcpurt on the charm of this inpidpnt in tho storm and stress of party warfare. ' Yes,' said Sir William Harcourt, softly, svith a wistful far-away look in his oyes, ' wo aro, as you may say, brothers.' ' So were Cain, acd Abel,' retorted tho irre verent Oonsorvativo. In tho course of tho reminiscences Trhioh Provost Oroskoll is contributing to the 'Harvest' ho tells an interesting anecdote of ono of tbe prototypes of Dickens's ' Oheoryblo Brothors.' The Grants wero Presbyterians, but thoy subscribed to tho Roman Catholic schools of St. Mary's , district. On ono. occasion Father Gillow invited Mr. Daniel Grant to attend St. Mary's when a charity sermon was prcaohad for the schools, ' Ho was shown into tho gallery, and took his seat in tho pow of a lady of rank who lived in tho; country at somo distance from Manchester, and who was not expected that day, as tho service had already commonced. After a whilo, however, she camo and insisted on ' her pow being vacatod. Two or throe gontle- men, sorry to seo so good a friend of tho schools so unceremoniously turned out of' his place, begged him to sit with them. But ho declined their kind offer and wont, down to the front of the gallery, and stood thoro dur ing tho on tiro service. Everyone thought that ho was much offendbd, and that the col- ? lection would suifor in consequence. But thoy had not measured tho depth of Mr. Grant's benevolence. He listened to tho sermon with, marked attention, and whon tho collecting box was coming towards him, ho took out of his^pockofc an onvolopo and wrote on it with a pencil, ' Pay the boaror five pounds, Daniel' Grant,' and when tho colleotor reached him, ho throw the order into tho box and said, ' Tako that to tho warohonso to-morrow.' Lord Russell, of Killowon, in Amorioa, camo into contact with many members of the Bar, inoluding Mr. BvartB. It was while walking with Mr. Evarts one day along the , banks of* a stream that Lord Russell was shown tho point . at which Washington had thrown a dollar right across. Tho wator was wide, ' and Lord Russell looked doubtful. 'You know _a dollar wont farther in. thoBO days than it doos now,' the American lawyer blandly ' insinuated. ' Ah,' said Lord Ruasoll, quite equal to tho occasion, ' and itmust havo boon easy enough to Wash ington, who throw a sovereign ovor across tho Atlantic.' Sir, Bryan O'Loghlon, says,tho Westminster ' Oaeette, enjoys a high reputation for bulls. On oao occasion ha afcnrtlod the Snpron» Court of Victoria by observing that' aijorbal ngroomont is not worth tho papovit is written on'. His head resembles itho provpi'biol bil liard ball, but that faot did not prevent him declaring in tho Victorian' Parliament ono night that ' tho proposal of tho hon. gentleman opposite makes my hair stand on ond.' The 'Houso roared with laughter, and a Scotchman was carried out in a fit, It is not long since, says tho Pall Mall Gazette, that thoro lived in Ayr an agod woman to whoso father's smithy Burns used iu. fako hia ploughirons of a wintor ovoning. ,' Thoy had groat craoks,' of whioh Kirsty used to tell. It is a pleasant picture to think of. One can imagine tho stormy night without, while in side tho iron was olinking ohoorily, and tho light of .tho groat firo foil ruddy on tho swar thy foaturos of tho pobt, and glinted in his dark oyos. According to Kirsfcy, Burns was ' a doeyil to talk.' Auothor old wifo story of Burns is tho following, tho old wifo in this case, boing no other than Joan Armour horsolf. A boy, selling bal lads through Dumfries, askod vory earnestly whoro Mrs. Burns lived— this byo-tho-byo, was 30 years aftor tho poot's doath. ' Whafi-for aro you spoirin ?' ho was asked. , ' I'nf dooms koon to get a glint o' BurnB's wifo,' said tho lad. ' Cry your waros, thnn ; thoy'ro surest to boo Jcnn that tak1 a ballat to hor door,' ' But I dinnn, liko ; I think shamo to gang thoro.' EvontualJy, ho wns takon to' Mrs. Burus'skifiohon, and' tlio mis tress horsolf camOrfin. ' Wool, lad,' said sho, ' you wantod to soo Mrs. Burns P' ' Faith, did Ij I'm unco koon, to see hor.' 'Woll, you soo lior now-^-I'm Mrs. Burns.' 'IIools, woman,' said tho boy, ' you'ro jokin' mo. ' , ' And what for sood I bo jokin you,' said Joan. ' BocauHO Burns spoakit aboot Bonnio Joan, and you'ro sio an ugly auld wifo.' Mr. BoswoVth Smith tolls a good stors in tho Spectator : — 'I was staying (ho says; at. ' tho houBo of Sir William Smith Marriott, in Dorsot, somo fow years ago, whon tho butloi' oarno into '.tho master's room ono morning . with a vory long faoo. ' Thoro's vory bad news,' ho said, ' this morning, PoorMr.7~— , (mentioning tho name of a olorymnn in in ad joining villago) hns boon and gono and hung1 liimBolf. And that's'not tho, worst of it, Sir William, that thoro fox, lias bi'okon into yom* proBorvoB again, aud killed twpnty-five.of yonr young phoasantH.' ' ; -.' Tho latoat Krupp guu boa nu offootivo range ot moro bhan XO milos. A rainfall of, 0 1-10 Inohcn wnn rocordod at Trloalo rocontly in 12 hours. Tho florin book its nnmo from Floronoo, in whioh, oiby it vtsb sbruok in bhe thirtowith oontury. ' Tbo Umporor of Ruuain is taking nnrbiaular in torosb in ft oommluaion to mnko n coiloobion of tho ?opulnr oongn and national ballnda of Rusnla, If. abomlno, n woll-ltnown outhaographioBl authority ifi oonduoting tho imjulry. . ' -' 