WAY FOR THE KLONDYKE KINU. "Ami who Is Colonel FltzDotuInlck'?" said Lady May llclvor. "Well, j)(> is the Klundylte King -luutle piles of money out of tho.- mines, you know. Who he Is besides, no one seetus to know. , I'robubly becatiM? be Is no body. However, lie has mountains of money, and really Is n very derent fol low/' No spake .luek Dyitevor, the eldest son of Sir .fohn Hyuevor, of Itushiou Park, .lack was Jtist one of those strong, well- built, wholesome- looking young men of whom then? ure so iminy to Is seen In Kiigltiud. lie was also ran excellent allot, anil n mosl deslriible pnclt In the eye of many of Iho keen nmiehniakei's of stxflety. "And do you mean lo wiy thai we have l>ecii Invited tinned this mini its If bo were Royally';" said laidv May, Iter pretty upper Hp etirlltig disdain fully. ; "Not quite thai," replied .laelt, iaugh- ing. '/.Hal the iimu liimself is neiiber bumptious nor a snob, as far as I can Ml. Hut yoii know U10 kind of thing. There has bwn u dead set at him ever sltiee lie arrived, Tne men want to get tips out of I1I111. The Imltes not only wani that, but also to screw appoint ments out 0M1I111 for pels of theirs, or — wive the mnrk—to lake ebarge of blm entirely and lancer him In Loudon. And as our hqsiess has no doubt- promised herself .10 do. this. I see tho prospect of a regular llure-up. sooner or later." "Hut surely they don't expeel him to deal roiihil cbei|iies like eanlsY" said Lady .May, eurlbig her Hp rather iiioih. "N')»," replied .lock, wllh soiuewlial of 11 'look of wonder— for Imdy Alav was a clever girl and knew her world thor oughly. "Xul thill—not Hull some . of them would mhid.- 1 faney. If he did. 1 expect Alary Aiolleloti 'would grab hers like a shot. Hut. yon see. be Is a imwer In fliuineo, and knows many things, and he keeps up largo establishments both here ami In Canada, ami ts having land —all of which means Hint be can do things for his friends. Ho vou see';" "Yes. I see." replied Alaysu Indlf- fereull.v that .lack was surprised again, for the reeling was so dissimilar from that, which lie had lately witnessed In others.; Httl then he reflected that It was like the true nobility of Alav's character to be entirely free from all lliese pelly strivings after the dross of dally life. It will be observed that be thought of horns ; .May. ;; Whether he bad any right to -do- so' he. did not -yrat know; but. he hoped he had. and he was. prepared to put Ihe question to the Issue as soon as the favorable opiKirtunltv uecurriil. .lack had known Lady Alay ami her family sbutt childhood, so be lira I iii'n II > proceeded In: Inquire' arier llie abseiii. Lonl ami Lady IHIoliosler were quite well, Ihe girls were tlouilshlng. Ilel- verslone was with his regiment. ami Hob— poor Hob- was still in dire ills- grace; .. .. "Please don't talk of It/'shesahl with moist eyes,- "Yon know he is mv favoriH; brother-ami— niy father for bids UH-even to mention Ids mime/' . ' Colonel l-'itx.Hoinluh.'k was a long, lean man with a eloati-Hlmvon face, whieli looked as If U had been .carved out of some hard Australian wood by an artlsl who was pressed for time. Not even the radiance of the golden Imlo with whleh he was sun-oanded could hi- vest'hlui with . anything approaching 10 'good; looks,. bill/on tlie oilier hand, he possirsscd 'a pair of mcrrv twbikllti" e.ves. a large ample smile, and a llueid tongue— which at Its verv tlrsl utlnr- ance prtielaluied aloud the fact Unit his place ol birth was the Distressful Coun try.. . ..He had goiie' it|i (0 Klomiyke la tiiu early days. RejioH said thai the soljd results of Ids joiiruev - were to be reckoned In iulllloiiK. Also tlmt tlte ad venture's, he bad gone through, am! Ihe sutrerliigK.hc had omluml, would luive completely broken down a less deter- lilliteil man. : Therefore; there was a halo of aboul hlni qtilR |r- respwdlve t»f the golden radiance of his wealth. : , . Hui lie was ihe very last jwrsou in the world- whom, one might have expected to -make an Impression on Ladv Mav 1 as ' nitiu'v called her. H Is true that slie was one ol six daughters, and Lonl IHIchcster was dccldetlly . poor Tor. his noslllou. Moivover, as- all Ihe i'slatcs were en- billed, It was quite obvious (liar be would mil be uhte lo do much. If Indeed anything al nil, for Ids girls. Resides, though .May wis a beamy of a very up. common lypr. she was iwculy-six, her other slslers were all out. one of llieui was married, and altogether, whatever mlghi be the actual circumstances. 1 here was 110 doubt tluil .May was open to tie regarded by friends und relations alike as a failure. Nome girls .do not like Hds kind of position, Thcv'gct wild. Illtig Ihemselves at llie heads of the most unlikely men, and plunge lulo murrlages which can only be adequate ly it loueil for by a lifetime of misery afterwards. And, 011 Ihe other luiiu'l. Colonel I'llzPoiubdek was so far from being an unlikely subject thai he was beyond dispute a highly eligible parti hi a worldly sense. Und could without doubt bare coiiluuimlcd a parade of Imir the lien tides of .Mayfalr and Relgnivla, bad lie chosen lo' select a . wife by .Ihe oriental method of throwing (lie iiaiul- kereldei', In one sense she would be doing very well for herself if she mar ried Ihe Coldliel. Hni then Alay Ilelver had alwa.vs given herself such airs, said all" Ihe ladles of the house parly. II would have seemed far more natural Hint she should tllug herself away 011 a penniless prince than do such a straightforward, common sense Ihlng us sel her cap al ti millionaire nobody. If she merely looked to money, why had she ri'fused Lord 1 1 llltloii, ihe mlscr-pecr who owned 11 gmal slice of London, nud lived in a cheap "at in Hloomsbury: or Sir Henry A Us wood, of AHswikhI— Just because thai uaforiuuate story iiltoul the keeper's daughter had happened to leak otiiY If ll came to (hat. did not every out? know thai, if she chose, she could have a large fortune mid a hus band who was devoted lo her hy simply marrying her old friend, .lack HynevorY —for. as usual, llie lookers-on saw inosi ol Ihe game. . "She always was a queer girl." said Lady Horsham, the hostess, over the tea- table— not. perhaps, without a hitler feeling Hint 11 Is rather hard lo have your tame millionaire annexed in Hds way before really be has been "of any good." "Atul queer girls always rush lo extremes. Not that she will not lie doing exceedingly well for herself. If I lush! here she comes— ami llie I'olnuel with her." The is'i'son who undoubtedly was most surprise! by Lady Alny's conduct with regard to L'olouel KllxUomlnick was .lack Hynevor. \Ylial happened ex- nelly was this ; tin the llrst night .lack took taidy Alay in l« dinner. This was a piece of gmnl-iialurcil Inn imrhnps blundering iimrmgonient on the jmrt of Ihe hostess. On the other side or her sat Colonel I FitzHomlnlck. After a brb-r sputter of conversation with .lack, she turned suddenly to the L'uloiiel, and said some- Ibiitg in a law voice which uiutb' hbn bend towanls her with a laugh. After that he paid tio further attention to his lawful partner, bill devotitl himself, to Lady May for the resi of the dinner, nor could nil .lack's efforts induce her to vouchsafe to him more than a few scattered seconds of her attention. At llrst he was inortllbsl. then fearful that In some way he must have offended her. and. lastly, indignant. ' I'tutlng aside all other considerations. It was not nice of her lo cui an old friend so 'tmiplctcly and in such 11 marked man ner. When the holies were gone he veered round lo the view thai, us woiuou al ways t real in, >|| badly whom I hey really like. It was an excellent, sign. In tlte morning, however, he received « very decided shock, which <im»plelcly ti|Het ' all his "deuce. There were "garden-links" in. Hie grounds, and he naked Lady Alay, after breakfast, to piny. .."I am sorry," alio replied, "but' I have protulHed Colonel- Fit/.Hondnlek to give blm a lesson; and you know it Is or no use making up a foursome will) a bc- iiiier/' lack ground ids locHi/niid would Imvn proceeded to dispute Hie hitter sliitciiieiiL luit at thut. moment Colonel MlzDomiidck came in. Ladv Alav culled to blm : "Air. Hynevor wanted tile to play vou false!" she orled. merrily. "Hut I was shiuueli." ..'To wiy .lack Hynevor was thunder struck Is no exaggeration. If un>' one bad told Idm two minutes before Hiat LUdA Ala.v Ilelver .would eoudes4eml lo remind aiiy tinin tluil slie had promised to. teach' him golf, he wotdd have laughed -the idea to scorn. The lldng waslneiedlble,. 'Yob Lady Alay had done It. .1 lack Hynevor hVt the room wllh 11 brow us black ns night. He bud llxitl bis fuith on Lady .May. He had thought ibal- sin? was superior to all other wo- men, and. lo! the Kloiidyke inagichiu hail but to wave bis golden waml, ami she threw herself on h-ti knees before blm 'In front even of the adoring press of her sex. After that he went and sulked for a while In the smoking-room. There he evolved the brllllnnt hleji of asking preity liiile Allss Linda l-'folllott to play golf with him, "just to show that lie did not enre.". Having Invented such an Ingenious tneHusl of selMorture, b would, of cmirsy. have been a plly ir it had not win ked well, bui, as a mailer oft fact, ll succeeded admirably, lie had tlie mis ery of. observing that l/id.v May was entirely absorbed In her pupil, and did nol pay llie slightest utlcution to the other players. This might Im-plquc, of course, but it looktsl disagr(Nat>ly like Indifference. Miss Ffollioll; bad shnrj) eyes, ami site soon realised that .lack was singularly remiss in Ids attention lo the game, and Uint'hla eyes, were more Intent on Uuly Alays llgnre than her owii. She knew all about Hint affair, or course, am! laid no objection to catching .Hick's lieari oil Ihe rt'lHumd If ll could be .done, but she did' decidedly draw the lino at being made a fool of, Therefore she llnlshed Un- round, and after Hiul would play no As. the days wore on the' true state of Hie case, became an, open secret to the whole parly. .'Tooreld chap!" said Hie men. "Why doesn'l he show some, spirit T s'ald Hie !ad!es.cspeehill,v Allss Ffolllolt. who would have liked verv well lo marry .lack and be Lady IAyuevor some dn.v. . . . .Meanwhile Jack luut decided on lllght. The tisnartelegnim— which deceives 110 one 'tinder these, circumstances— had ur- rived, and it appeared tltRl the usual lii.vsterloiiS: "Impartnat business" re- qutrl tltejiii'senee of Air. lack Hvnevor in town. or course, the usual pollle suggestion ami conjeclures -were made — wlml would become of society if these little fictions were uegleeteilY— and It was thoroughly uuderslood, by Hie ladles, at any :rnle, Hint, "jssir Air DA'ucvor" had been rejected by Lady Alay. and by Hie tni»» that lie bad "chucked :up the sponge" in favor of the Kloiidyke King. As for Lady May, she was al tlrsl serenely, unconscious; then, hurst into sudden sobs and active consciousness, mid cross-examined Jack so , closely about tlie telegram and the, business lluil really It seemed qiiltu. cruel, all things considered. , "Wants to keep a second siring in case of acchlenls." was the geueml opinion. Hut when It became evident that Jack declined lo respond In her raillery, and was really going. Lady May reveneil abruptly to her most scornful, manner, and begin! lo talk audibly and with the utmost Interest— of i-ourse. to the Inevit able Colonel FitKimmbilek— alsmt the picnic whleh was arranged Tor the next day. . Tills was the picture which Jack car- rled inviiy with blm. and. If he had been a melodramatic young nnm.'he would prolHibly Inive gimsbed Ids leeth over ll all the way. lo London till there were none left to gnash. . It was nboiit throe months luicr Hint Jack Hynevor met fsidy Alav Ilelver again. at 11 county hall, ' He asked her to daiicc-fdr old - friendship's sake- pi-ouitsing himself to he pcrfeclly calm and bidlfferenl. . ' ... . T have something to tell you," she said when they paused in the wait, "sqinclldng whleh. Is a great . secrci. and 'so. you muni 'consider It a <onipliiuen( that I I ell It lo you." ,-rVYott iiii-iin Hint I atn to congratulate you':" inquired Jack In a tone that wan perfiK'll.v cold, though hU heart began to thump. 44 Yes.- Congratulate me, that ts quite tlie wont, llcarillv ami ever so often. Hut how . on ' ««arth 'did you know'/ Did he toll you'/' j.' : "And when Is' It to' be';" eonHnucd Jack, wllh llie- same lifeless vdfee ami maimer, ignoring the last question. "It'ls. Don't you understand? H has been going on now for a iiionlb, Mv i'alher has forgiven Hob, ami we are ail lutppy again." He siariHl at Iter In full bewilder ment. Wlint had Hob to do .with her eiigageineul to <;o|ouei;.:.Fltzhomliih'k. unh'ss-- AYIuit .were those stories of girls who .sacrificed themselves for their family? - AVas. this the touching exjila- niiiloti of It all?: "I tell you," continued . Lady Mav, "licrauac It Is |mrlly owing to you— j n-s you uci'd nol listk so scared— and a coin cidence, On the llrai duy at tin? Ilor- shams' 1 was down llrst to dinner. Co lonel Fit/Jlomlnlck was second.. When he saw me, he started and erled out. Then, seeing that I looked atnar.ed. and possibly 'Indignant, he begged my par don, ami explained thai I was so like his owii daughter, who woa. miles a way, that he was quite slnrtlod. Took me for a .ghost, I sup|HJse. Well, we talked, and 1 soon saw Hint he was a good, kind, fatherly tiling, and It flush ed ou me what you had siild about Ids I being aide to do things for people. Sup- i could 'get blm to do xmietldog for Hoii? ! trcadi'uli.v sehcndng of me. wasn't It? Well. then. :ii dinner. I marie a boiil stroke ami calieit Idm 111011 pi-re/ Tluil won l»l< besirt. ami vou know wiiai friends we iH-caim. When lie heard of Holi's cireiimsianees, lie jimpoued at once to do something for Idm. Wasn't it nice of him?" It would be Impossible to describe Jack's feelings as tin? revelation un folded itself. The only thing that was quite dear to hbn was thai he .would never, never he able to explain lo her what lit? had Imagined— not even If they attained the highest conlhleiire. It may be added that they reached. Hull period of bliss shortly afterwards. Lady Abty was much troubled that "moti peri'" was unable lo-hc al her wedding. He sent a handsome pre sent. T rait fell himself obliged suddenly lo go otil'lo Canada again, and has not yel relumed. Lady Horsham ami Mary Molletou al- "My dear If you hud only seen Ibem! And, of course, a wild man like thai wouldn't understand/'— "The World." 