SPORTING NEWS. THE "TURF NOTES AND ANTICIPATIONS. [By "Paynator."] At 5 p.m. to-day nominations close for the following events, the six constituting the programme for the second day of the Canning Park Turf Club's Diamond Jubilee meeting Albert Handicap, of 30 sovs., all to the first horse, five furlongs; Brush Steeplechase, of 60 sovs., second 10 sovs. from stake, over two miles ; Auction Stakes of 40 shots., w.f.a., six furlongs, winner to be sold for £40, 7lb. allowed for each reduction of £10 in selling price | the Victoria Handicap, of 75 sovs., second 10 sows. from stake, six furlongs ; Maddington Stakes, of 25 sovs., for horses 142 and under, six furlongs j and a Record Reign Handicap, for all horses that have entered for hurdle or steeple events since June 1st, 1896, of 30 sovs., amateur riders, lowest weight, 10st. 7lb., one mile, a gold mounted whip, presented by Mrs. H. J. Saunders, for the rider of the winner. The weights will be declared after the first day's (Monday; races, all all acceptances will be due at scale. A supplement to the June issue of the Western Australian Racing Calendar, issued for the purpose of officially recognising the second day of the Diamond Jubilee meeting of the Canning Park Turf Club is to hand from the Secretary of the Western Australian Turf Club. Mr. George W. Dent, junr., purposes retiring from the turf, temporarily at least, and on the Thursday after the Canning Park Diamond Jubilee meeting, to- day week, Messrs. Clerk and Grimwood will offer his entire string for sale. Those which are at present in full training under Joe McGowan's care, and which will be submitted on the day named are Faultless, the hurdle mare which the handicappers consider the crack of the colony ; M.J., the three parts brother to the Moonee Valley Cup winner Little Bob; the aged grey gelding Speculation, and the two-year-old Clipper. In addition the two-year-old sister to Miss Boolka, Black Boolka, as yet comparatively untried, which is at present spelling, is to be sold. The sale will afford a rare opportunity to owners and trainers to secure good horses in full training. Whether those of his string engaged at the Canning Park Diamond I Jubilee meeting win or lose, Mr. Dent has decided, upon selling the horses. To Correspondents.-" Student," Coolgardie. Sir Modred was a bay, by Traducer-Idalia. In the nomination of the Hon. R. Campbell, in November, 1880, he won the Canterbury (N.Z.) Derby, of a mile and a half, 8st. 10lb. up. At the same Canterbury meeting he was beaten in the Canterbury Cup, of two miles and a quarter, carrying 7st. 5lb., by G. Fraser's ch h Lo Loup, by Traducer Mermaid, 6yrs., 9st. 5lb. (Wattie), Sir Modred start- ing an even money favourite, and being beaten out of a place. On the third day of the meeting he ran second in the mile and a half Metropolitan Handicap, 7st. 5lb. up, to the Hon. W. Robinson's ch h Natator (Traducer-Waterwitch), 6yrs., 7st. 12 lb. On the third day Amulet, by Traducer Charm, won the half-mile Spring Nursery Handicap, and Luna, by Traducer-Flying Fish, won the Flying Handicap, of six furlongs. "J.J.B." Moora. At an early date, possibly early in July. Among the eight young thoroughbreds to be sold by Forrest, Emanuel and Co. (in conjunction with Mr. Stratford Strettle), at the Intercolonial Stock Co.'s Yards, on Saturday next, mention of which I made in yesterday's notes, is a bay gelding by Martini-Henri-Charity, brother to Dona- tion, raced by the late Hon. James White, and to Ascot, which carried Mr. M. Fenndly's colours back in 1888 and 1889. Catalogues of the yearlings and others will be ready to-day. Mr. W. B. Mitchell's handicapping for the Bunbury R.C. Coronation Day meeting, the weights for which were published in yesterday's issue, furnished food for discussion among racing folk yesterday. Stiletto has been asked to concede a couple of pounds to Laura in the Jubilee Stakes six furlong handicap, and Mr. Mitchell places the pair on equal terms in the mile and a quarter Bunbury Cup and the mile Railway Handicap. Terminal appears none too well treated with 8st. 7lb. in the Jubilee Stakes, while Moonlight and Naomi are favourably handicapped. On their running in the six furlong Flying Handicap at Canning Park last Saturday, when Moon- light, 7st. 4lb., and Naomi, 7st. 8lb., finished second and third respectively to Albion (who is not engaged at Bunbury). Moon- light must hold the Henley Park filly very safe in the Jubilee Stakes, being weighted on equal terms. Both in that race and in the Bunbury Cup, Mr. Mitchell makes Terminal give away weight to Primrose, which is manifestly unfair to Mr. Young's gelding, who has not come from the East with anything like a startling record. There is one horse thrown in the White Rose Stakes under 7st., and he should be made a hot-pot even should the top weights start. Regarding the Bunbury Cup, Mr. Handran Smith's recent views of the respective merits of Laura and Stiletto over a mile and quarter, the distance of the Cup, were noted to be singularly inconsistent, and though Mr. Mitchell is not inconsistent in the same matter the Bunbury handicapper has taken a slightly different view of the merits of the pair which Mr. Smith has displayed in weighting Stiletto to give Laura 2lb. in the Canning Park Diamond Jubilee Handicap, and that after having barely a fortnight previously weighted Stiletto to give Laura 8lb. Thus Messrs. Cockram and McLean, the respective owners of Stiletto and Laura, are placed in the position of not being able to depend upon reckoning withing even a few pounds of the way those horses will be treated. The inconsistency of Mr. Smith noted was made all the more glaring by the fact that neither Stiletto nor Laura started during the interval between the issue of the weights for the Canning Park June 12 mile and quarter Final Handicap, and the declaration of the weights for the Diamond Jubilee Handicap. But it with the Bunbury weights that I am deal- ing. Both starting well, at the difference in weights, backers would pounce on Primrose, 8st. 2lb., as by far a better thing than Laura, 9st. 8lb. It is surprising for Mr. Mitchell to ask Laura to concede 8lb. to the last Perth Railway Stakes' winner, for, while the Niagara mare has been winning all before her recently (though some of the beatenfieldswerenotfirst-class),most people knew that the defeat of Primrose by Laura in the Metropolitan Handicap in March, when the latter was receiving 4lb. from Primrose, was accountable for by the fact that Mr. Lock's mare was not in form. She beat Laura badly, when receiving 616. from her, in the last Railway Stakes, and the two have not met so often since to justify 9st. 4lb. being placed between them. The point is not that Laura is over-weighted, for I consider that, with the field opposed to her, she is deserving of the 9st. 5lb. allotted her, but Primrose is too leniently treated. Neither Stiletto, nor Laura, nor Terminal can have a ghost of a chance against the Bunbury mare if she strips well on what might be called her own course on Coronation Day, Lottie, with 8st., is the worst treated in the mile Railway Handicap at Bunbury ; Stiletto and Laura, 9st. 7lb. each, the best favoured, with Try Again at 6st. 12 lb. The last-named will go very close to annexing a double at Bunbury. Loch Isle gets no chance given him by Mr. Smith in local five furlong flutters, but Mr. Mitchell has given Mr. O'Beirne's black a show with 9st. 8lb., against Lottie with 8st, 10lb., in the Bunbury Farewell Handicap of five furlongs, though among the light weights in that race there are five or six that will have to be reckoned with by the Fremantle party if they go for a win on the son of Lochiel. GASCOYNE RACING CLUB. ANNUAL MEETING. FIRST DAY. Carnarvon, June 16. The first day's racing of the Gascoyne Racing Club's annual meeting was held to-day. The weather was everything that could be desired, being fine and clear. There was a very fair attendance, including a sprinkling of the fair sex. The results of the principal races were as follows aN. Gascoyne Plate, Of 18 sovs., second 3 sovs. from stake w.f.a. Open only to W.A. bred horses that have never won advertised money. One mile. I Di. Maunsell's ch f Iron Girl, 4 yrs. ... 1 I Mr. Hatch's Gascoyne 2 A protest entered against the winner | was dismissed. Cabnaevon CtrV, A handicap of 325 sovs. for the first horse. A sweepstake of 1 sov. each from starters to go to the second horse. Two miles. Mr. W. S. Snook's Sundial 1 Mr. W. Hatch's b in New Woman, 4 yrs. 2 Dr. Maunsell's ch f Iron Girl, 4 yrs. ... 3 All the horses got away well together. Won by six lengths. Time. 4min. 5sec. Breeders" Stakes. Of 25 sovs., second 5 sovs. from stake. For two and three year olds, bred in the Gascoyne Magisterial District, to carry 10st. over weight for age. Five furlongs. Mr. W. Hatch's Gascoyne 1 Mr. F. P. Loeffler'sb f Message, 2 yrs.... 2 District Plate. Of 30 sovs,; second 5 sovs. from stake. Open only to horses bred in Gascoyne Magisterial district to carry 10st. over w.f.a. One mile. Mr. J. B. Fitzpatrick's blk g Too Soon, by Telephone, 4 yrs. 3 Mr. W. Hatch's b in New Woman, 4 yrs. 2 THE COOLGARDIE MEETING. Coolgardie, June 16. The following officers have been elected for the ensuing race meeting Stewards, Messrs. Pell, Stodart, Gibson, Reid, Cooke, Castieau, Black, Armstrong and Friedman. I handicapper, Mr. J. J. Wilkinson ; judge, Mr. T. Stodart. VICTORIAN SPORTING. SCRATCHING FOR V.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE. Melbottbhe, June 16. The scratching of Laen for the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race was recorded at the V.R.C. office to-day. FOOTBALL. THE RUGBY GAME. Pirates' Club Practice Matches practice game among members of the Pirates' Rugby F.C. will be played on the Esplanade this afternoon, commencing at 5 p.m. CYCLING. LEAGUE OF WHEELMEN SPORTS. The following are the handicaps declared by the league handicappers for the motorcycle race, two miles, to be run next I Tuesday and Wednesday at the League of | W.A. Wheelmen Sports Meeting : Quadruplets. L. Dahlberg, G. Francisco, C. Baxter, and E. Dungan, scratch. Triplet C. H. Carrick, Johnson, and A. Dunn, 100yds. Triplet H. V. Sampson, W. Nichol, and J. Irvine, 150yds. Triplet H. Wright, R. Harwood, and J. Atkins, 300yds. Tandem . H. Reynolds and J. A. Healey, 400yds. Tandems M. Porta and G. Colombo, 150yds. Tandem P. W. K. Bunting and J. Grantjor, 50yds. A, E. Thurston f League A. J. Leonhardt > Handi i, J. Pearse j cappers. HOMING. Entries f or next Saturday's match, which 1 is to be flown from Chidlow's Well, close with the secretary of the Fremantle Homing Club on Friday evening next. All birds must be sent in by 8.30 p.m. AQUATICS. FREMANTLE REGATTA. POSTPONED TO 28th JUNE. The prospect of Monday next, 21st inst., not being proclaimed a full holiday in Perth and Fremantle impelled the joint committee controlling the arrangements for the forthcoming Fremantle Regatta to consider the advisability of altering the date of that event. A meeting of the committee was held last evening, when the matter was fully discussed. There was a general desire that the regatta should be as closely identified as possible with the events of the Record Reign commemoration week. The committee, however, were faced by the difficulty, which was foreseen, of obtaining a full measure of patronage from the metro- j polis, both as regards attendance of the general public and the presence of compet- ing crews from the Perth clubs. As Monday, the 28th inst., would be Coronation Day, and would be proclaimed a general public holiday it was resolved to select that day for the holding of a regatta, instead of the 21st;, as previously announced. 