A GREAT WRONG: Or, THE MYSTERY OF BLACK hIOT' LO I GRANGE. CIIAPTEIL IV.-- Conno7Crn. "Passengers for Piedmont," shouts the conductor. Lenore has no desireto viaitPiedmont, but heb sees the blue hiehlands beyond, nnd fancying that Black Hollow Grange must be somewhere in their midst, she determines to go on. With an clastio sprine she .rts lonar, and the train thunlers on just as poor, panting Clotilde comes op. " 31as Lenore ! 3iss Lenore 1" she shricks, but the roar of the wheels drowns lier fran tic cry. and Miss Trevethon, looking from the windlow of lier carriage, nods and kisses the tips of her white fingers, as she is whirled awwac. " What shall I do f" moans the woman, wringing her hamre. ;rHe'll take my life if he ever knows. Oh. what shall I do?" Ml.acnlwhile Lenore flies on, over miles of geldin gorse, nd purple hreath-bloom, a strangE sense of liberty thrilling iher. Tie young lady removes her jaunty halt, lnd lies back in her Feat. while the breeze stirs Ier tre.es? into a mass of riotons gFld. Heiress and bride.elect that she is, she finds lier life insufferably dull and stupid. The constant adulation and homage of men and women, has grown to be an old song, of which she is thoroughly weary. " I wisl I could run away," she repeats, watching the flying hills with dreamy eyes. " I have half a minl to try-run away and seek my fortune, as the heroines in novels sometimes do, and leave all my possessions to Sir Geoffrey. I suppose, however, he would follow me, and fetch me back to marry Riehmond. Dear, dear, how awfully stupid it all is-this marrying business above a'l. It really turns me sink tothink of it. I sincerely hope that Richmond may be ship. wr, eked I" "Piedmont Station I" She springs to her feet, and adjusts her hat and tumbled tresses. " If you please, sir," she inquires, as the conductor hands her ount "is there a place anywhere near here called Black Hollow Orange ?" The man turns round and looks at her be. fore he replie : r Yes, miss. there is; the ' Haunted Manor,' it is called nowladys," " Precisely; that's the place I mean. Will you have the kindlness, sir, to tell me the distance, and in what direction it lies ?"'' "Over yonder, miss, the other side of those blue peaks, to the left a matter of a couple of miles perhaps, and a pretty straight road. lint begging your lardon, miss, you don't think of coit g there ?" "Yes, sir. I am certainly going to the ' Ian.ted Manor,' if I can find it, and I'm mnch obliged to you." " Perhaps you don't know, miss, that the manor's been deserted this ten year and more, andl folks say 'tis haunted 1" cntinues the conductor, with the very best inten tions. ' Yes, sir, I know all about it. Good. morning I" L?nore trips away, while a dozen heads protrude from the carriage windows, and as many pairs of eyes watch her with staring curiositv. She hurries on, moredetermined than ever to accomplish the object she has in view. She has walked a full mile, and the sun has passed the zenith before she comes:in sight of a single dlwelling, or the least sign of civi ized life. At last, in a green hollow beneath the hills, she sees a small hut, in front of which an old woman sits knitting. Lenore is growing weak from fatigue and hunger; hence she determines to turn aside and buy adraught of fresh milk, and find out if she is pursuing the right way. The old dame rises up at her approach and proffers her a seat, which the girl gladly ac cepts - , The raints protect us 1" cries Mae ame, with uplifted hands and affrighted eyes, one wauld take ye for the lovely murdered teddy herself, come out of her winding sheet. Are ye a ghost or a living woman?" "A living woman, and a hungry one, too," laughs Lenore. " My good creature, what do you mean f Sorely you don't take me for a ghost " "Nay, nay, but ye look loike her, the poor munrderi leddy as sleeps in the Black Hollow up yonder. I asee her wi' these two eyes, the blessed night afore she was maur. dered, a walking on and down the terrace, her yaller hair all a streaming, and the flowers on ncr breast, and yon be as like her as two peas." Lenore's eyes qulctly ait wetn tears, ana her breast heaves. "Poor lady," she replies, steadying her voice by a great effort. " I've heard of her Tell me about her, please." " There is little to tell, miss, saving that she walked the terrace that evening, so fair and so smiling, and the next blessed morn they found her lying dead in a pool of her own heart's blood, and the master gone, and from that day to this he has not been heard of. But they do say," she adds, with a shudder, "as he it was murdered her, be. caose'she had a smiling face for other men than him, anti that's why they buried her in the Black IIollow, and with a atone cross at her head. Lenore presses her hand against her heart. She has never been told before that her mother lies buried in the Black Hollow below the erange. " And no one can tell what become of him 1" she falters. " The husband, you mean? Bless you, no, miss I But some think he made an end of hiscelf in the lake yonder, and they do say, when it storms, and the winds are high, he comes back and sits on the shore, and she walks the terrace above, with her yellow hair streaming, wringing her white hands, and cryin: fit to break her heart." "And the haunted manor is not far from here, is it?" asks Ltenore. "Amile perhaps, right above us, beyond the black firs. Were you ever in the old house I mean, since tihe murder?" "Saints protect us, I'd as soon venture within the gates o' perdition. Why, no human creature hbs ever crossed that black glen; and no one has ever entered the accursed place since the murder, excepting Ambrose Gerhart, and he was well.nigh frightened out of his wits." 'There was a child left, I have heard," \liss Trerethon continues, moved by a :urious desire to hear all the old :dame lean :ell. " Bless re, miss, a little mite of a girl,and she was wancering trom room to room, a sohhing naud crying, and her mother's blood afore her young eyes. They fetched her down here the very dlay after the murder, and I gave her a bowl of goant's milk and brown bread from that very blue bowl on the Iresser. Such a pretty little lady, the very picture of her mother." "And what became of her!" "They took her away. His cousin came from over the sea,and took her off to London, and I've heard nothing of her since. She may be dead by this-the better for hier if ihe is, poor thing, for the mother's shame always falls on the daughter's head." "Ay, true enough, better for her if she were dead," Lenore echoes under her breath, with a weary sigh. "Let me have a draught of milk and a morsel of bread, and take this for your trouble," she adds, alcoud. The dame's eyes dlitter greedily at sight olf the silver which Lenorepucts in her yellow palm, and sle hobbles away, and produces a ,oil of milk and a small loaf of bread. Lenore drinks the milk from the same hlue howl, from which she was fed so many years ago, puts a morsel of the loaf in her pock-at, bids her hostess adieu, and de. The old woman rooks after her, shading ner eves from the afternoon sunlight. "Tbhe saints protect us," she mutters, 'they he as like as two peas I It surely can't oe the ghost of the murdered fair lady ? I ihould drop in my shoes with fearif I really chought so.'" CHAPTER V. N AWIFUL APPARITIOw, it lis the same old story of murder and mystery that Miss Trevethon had heard from the lips of old Kisby a few years before. He was an old and devoted servant of the House of Trevethon, and on his death-bed be had told the young heiress the terrible tale of her mother's murder and her father disappear The terrible affair happened some two or three years after the formal betrothal, or " Fairy Marriage," with which our story opened. Geoffrey Trevethon, the banished heir, was still off in India, serving hbi The population of London is 4,000,000. The population of Paris is 2,400,000,. country under his assumed name, while his cousin, Arthur, reigned in his stead at Lyn. dith Hall. But poor Sir Arthur was an in valid, suffering from an incurable disease, and took but small comfort in hli wealth and his honors. The one desire of his heart was to see his adopted brother nasin, and to restore to him the herita.e which his father's on natural cruelty had taken from him. IBut Geoffrey did not return. and his letters to his friends in England were few and far between. D.'spairing of ever eecing him again, Sir Arthur marle his will, binding his daugihter, asn e flasiet, to remain true and loyal to her childish marriage to her cousin, Richlmond. Some time thereafter lie went with his family to spend the summer months, after the eselom of his race, at on old home amid the Scottish Grosnse-a gloomy, ghostly, grand old house, built on the summit of a bolt spur, beneath which lay a wild glen, from which the plnce derived its name. Sir Arthur went up with trroops of gay friends, and a few slficient servants, and through all the golden summer-time the hill country was enlivened with their festivities. it was as late as September when the party broke up, ani the baronet made preparations for his return to Enghlan. Only a day or so before his departure a foreign letter came throuch his Lonton uroent from the banished heir, an it contained the welcome intclli. gence that he wa rcominehome at last. His wife was dead and huried in India. and in O.esence to her dlying wish, he was coming, with his son, llic'shmnsd, to Lyndeth Ilall. This letter made Sir Arthur another man. Filled with delight, he made preparations for an immed ate visit to London to meet awl welcome the returning soldier. "No matter how sooll I die now, I shall die content," he said to his wife on the eve of their departure. "To see Geoffrey rein. stated in his old home is the dearest wish of my lile." The guests were all gone from Black IIol. low Grange; the servants had been sent in advance to Lyndeth Htall, and on the morrow Sir Arthur and his family would follow. The morrow came, and the men who were to take charge of the Grange appeared at an early hour. They found the old house as silent as a tomb, and when they entered, after ineffectual efforts to rouse the family, an awful sight met them. Under the sickly glimmer of the still burning chandeliersn, all bathed in blood, lay Sir Arthur's beautilul wife, brutally mur dered; in the room beyonl her maid was also found dead; and wandering about the nursery, sobbing in terror and grief was the little girl Lenore. Sir Arthur himself was gone. No trace of him, either alive or dead, could be found anywhere. A week, perhaps, after this shocking tragedy, the cousin of the murdered man ar rived in London with his little son. He was greatly shocked, as may be imagined, but he evinced great presence of mind, and at once hurried to the scene of the murder, lie found the neighborhood in great excitement, and the Grange in the hands of the authori ties, who were using every effort to elucidate the mystery. Vainly enough, however, not the slightest clue could be had to the mur derer, nor could the mysterious disappear ance of Sir Arthur be accounted for. His wife, poor, beautiful lady, who was a foreigner by birth, and without relatives in England, had been buried in the hollow below the Grange ; and a report was circu. lated that her frailty had equalled her beauty, and her husband had murdered her in a fit of jealousy, and then fled. This report Geoffrey Trevethon contra dicted with great indignation, and took upon himself the task of clearing up the mystery and lifting the dishonor from his cousln's name. Putting aside all scruples in regard to his late father's will, he at once accepted the title which belonged to him, and installed himself as guardian of little Lenore,assuming entire control of the vast estates of which she was sole heir. He worked assiduously, too, sparing no ex. pense or pains to solve the strange mystery and brine the criminal to justice. but with. out succeos. Not the slightest clue could be had to the mysterious disappearance of Sir Arthur or to the murderer of his wife. Years passed, and the mystery of Black Hollow Grange was a mystery still; and little by little the terrible story had come to Lenore's cars as she grew toward perfect womanhood. A word here, and a hint there, until at last the old servant, on his death bed, had poured the whole awful story into her ear. From that hour the heiress of Trevethon had thought of little else. She thinks of it now, standing all alone amid the wild Scot. tish hills under the very shadowof the weird old house which holds the awful secret. The sun hangs low in the west, its yellow rays gleaming on the quaint, weird windows and gray gables of the haunted Grange; but in her brave, resolute heart Miss Trevethon resolves to posh her adventure to the end. She had planned too long to obtain this opportunity to have any thought of renounc. ing it. Yet, despite her brave blood and her in vincible will, her young cheek blanches, and a slight shudder shakes her, as she looks up at the frowning old mansion, dimly revealed through the thick foliage of the black fire. In that gruesome, ghostly manor she was made an orphan. Ah, heaven, if she might only be able to solve the mystery and lift the stain from her dead mother's name. With rapid steps she makes her way to the black glen below the manor. It is a wild and lonely valley, shut in byfunereal borders of black firs, and in its very centre uprises a spectral stone cross. Lenore casts herself down upon the mossy earth and reads the simple inscription: 'Lenore Trevetbon." Lenore is deeply moved; she rests her throbbing head against the cold tombstone and weeps as she never wept before. " Mother, dear, beautiful mother I" she moans," I do not believe one word of the evil they impute to you-I never will believe it. Oh, mother, look down from heaven and pity your poor child I' A raven tap _ its wings in the black oranches overhead and utters a dismal croak, She girl rises to her feet with a shudder, plucks a sprtg of blooming heatherfrom tbhe onely graver, and turns away with a heart. broken sob. The winding path that once led up the oldoff is all overgrown, and itis with consider. able dificulty that she makes the ascent. Panting from her exertions, she at lat stands before the huge iron gate. It is closed, but at the touch of her hand it swings open with a hoarse creak. She crosses the grounds and gains the terrace upon which her mother walked the evening before her death. The flagstones beneath her feet are green sndslipperywith'mold,theoldhouse looms up above her like ahuge graytomb, lihe looks op at the silent windows and an awful terror aomes over her. Her cheeks blanch and her sery knees shake. But she clenches her hand and sets her teeth, the old Trevethon will rislngup strong within her. "Never look back," was an ancient motto of her house. She willnot look back now. She makes her way round to the front entrance. The yard is overgrown, ann here and thern a broken urn or a fallen statue gleams through the long grass, and over the huge pillars of the portico wild vines trail in lunuriant growth. Lenor ascends themossy steps, passes the ,estibule, and tries the massive oak door. It opens readily, and she passes through into a wide hall all hung with hunting trophies, nid ihere andl there a piece of ancient armor. Throu.h a stained windowat the remote end the afternoon sun shines, filling the room with lurid splendor. Miss Trevethon moves on with bated breath and distended eyes, awed and yet strangely fascinatedi. She comes to another dooer, which admits her into tie spacious doubledrawing-roomine. The lurid glow from the stained window penetrates eenh here, die. closing the tattered silken hangings and the faded carpet, in the very centre of which, under the rusty chandelier, is a dark stain, which all the years had failed to obliterate. The girl sees it, and a cry of horror breaks from her white lips. It was in that spot hat her mother lay murdered. She turns away, sick and shuddering, and returns to the hall, The broad staircase goes winding up just beyond her; and possessed with a foolish fancy that in some part of this dim Iold house she must find a clue to her father's mysterious fate, she ventures to ascend. HIer light steps ring shlarply in the terrible silence. On the first landing a great birdi fluttenrs out from a sequestered nook, ani flies past her with a scream. The girl's heart beats so rapidly that she can scarcely breathe, and areold sweat bedews her browv, but sre goeson, hbs comes to alongsulfe iofsleeping apare. monta, the first of which bhe enters. It is a spacious chamber, which must have been splendid In its day, the couch all bung with tarnished white, the dressing- table etrawn with feminine trifles, A Trenth.ars farmer got 190 tones of potatoes from 21 acree this season, " Can this have been my mother's chas. ber ?" the girl wonders. She approaches the table to select ome little sourtnir frnm the faded toys, when a sudden sournd, a mesmeric sense of some near presence, thrills her with deadly terror. She turne round, just in time to see an on polite door swing cautiously open and a face peer through the aperture. An awful face it seems to the terrifleI girl, white and spec° tral, with a hoard flowing down like a frosty cloud. One wild, wide eyed glance, and then with a shriek of mortal fear Lenore flies out of the chamber and down the resounding 11"Stop, stop I I'm not mad, my beautiful maiden ; I won't hoot you," calls a gentle, musical voice. tNlt it Miss Trevethon hears she does not heed. She lirs dswnward with headlong cd co until she reaches the terrace below i tlere she pass:s and and reels giddily for an instant. ier oerr.taxed powers fail her, :nei witlh a second ternrfied cry she falls !l?ron upon the n:ossy fllagstones in a death. ii.e diede. CH!IAPTEII VI. AN tI.L.'TA.1itEn oEtTINs. Wt':hn Miss Tr.:rethin nwoke from her :ran' e of te.rror t.he son was quite down, and 'hl c:esry r ist of a September twilight hung ,vert ??,dluk o.d tmannsr. ShN 1y .lh:re.: s!e I had fallen on the damp otn: of the t'rraec, and it was some time .crcfr:: he ric mol r'olledt her senses eufliciently :o remember wiat had happened, or where \Ihen she did fhllt remember, all her wild terror wmrs revired, al she scrambled to her fert, ani went secudling across the grounds like a hnlstted hare. I::yltal the great gate she paused, andren. tureds to look back. The sun was sdown, but all the west was in a flame of climsen fire, while over the blue peaks of the lHighland hills a golden harvest moon was rising. Every nindow in the old manor, every gray turret, was gilded with reflected light. Lenore arzed upwarl, experiencing a feel. ing of an:hiration despite her terror; but whi!e she gazed a turret window was thrown open, and that same awful face looked out. A phantom Ihand slowly beckoned her, and that same luring, musical voice called out again. "Pretty maiden, no need to run away this house is mine, and you are welcome. I am not mad, as they tell you I' At any other time the girl's brave blood would have sustained her : but wearied and unnerred r.s she was, she succumbed to the terror that assailed her; never dreaming that anything short of some awful super. natural presence was looking down upon her. She turned and fled, as if for her very life. " Clotilde was right," she murmured, as she ran along; "I should never have come l" She had gone about a mile perhaps, when she began to feel doubtful about her ability to keep the right path. She paused, and glanced about her, hoping to see some human habitation. Alas I there was none in eight. By this time the sun had gone down, and the moon was bathing the earth with its silver radiance. While she stood irresolute, a footstep sounded behind her. She turned swiftly, and faced a man, with his hat in his hand, and a cigar between his lips. A tall, dark, and rather handsome person be looked in the moonlight. Lenore decided to ad. dress him. "If you please, sir," she said, as he ap. preached her, "I am trying to reach Pied. mont etation, and I feel somewhat doubtful whether I am on the right course. Will you have the kindness-" "Now that is jolly," the stranger inter rupted, in a harsh, familiar voice. "'Pied. mont station-the very confounded place I'm in search of I Come, my dear, you are too pretty to be wandering alone at this hour, so we'll bear each other company. Give me your hand, my dear, and we'll soon reach Piedmont, or some other place." IIe advanced quite close, and attempted to take her hand ; his breath, reeking with brandy, coming hot upon her cheek. Lenore drew back in disgust and anger. "Thank you, sir, but I have no desire for your company; I merely thought you would be civil enough to direct me which way to go. Let me pass" But he planted himself before her like a wall. IIer blue eyes began to flash like steel, and the rich color leaped to her white checks. She had fled from what she believed to be an apparation, but she had no fear of mortal man. "Let me pass, sir;" she repeated, her im. perious voice ringing like a bugle. " Let you pass 1" the man repeated, catch ing at her hand again. "Why, what d'ye take me for l What's a pretty creature like you strolling about at this hour for, if not in quest of company ? And I'm good company, I am. Come, now, gire us a kiss, and take my arm, and we'll jog along together as jolly as you please I" A sudden sense of her thoughtless in. discretion in putting herself in such a questionable position, smote Lenore, but she felt no fear. "Will you let me pass, sir " she again re. peated. For answer, the man seized her left arm, and drew her close to his side, and bending olfer her, made an effort to pollute her cheek by contact with his lips. She did not cry out or even struggle, but her blue eyes darkened until they looked almost black in the moonlight, and she put her right hand to her botsom. The next instant, something bright flashed out like a gleam of lightning, and the man releasing his hold, staggered back with a loud cry. " Why, what's this 1 What are you doing I" demanded a resonant voice. MiEs Trevethon turned quietly to meet this new-comer, returning the slender dagger to her bosom, as she did so. It was a curious, costly little toy, that had been in her family for ages, and it was Lenore's habit to carry it about her person. (To e ernfinesd.) As an instance of the endurance of the Northumbrian miner, olse of them, working at Seghill, has been compelled, in consequence of tile scarcity sf "houses to let" in thie louality, to takl up his reeidence at Cowpen, alesst eight milus distant from Isis work. lie is in the night ehift, and in order to reach his work by 3 a.m. has to set out at midnileht. The other night he set out as usual, and a lodger in thle same house chanced to be returning fromn the Theatre Royal at Blyth. The lodger wsas tunmng out the next morning at G when the minter retrned after six hours' tramp across country-to Seghill and back. "The 1sit wats 't oorhin'." A few imaccuracies.-Adaily paper publishes thle fsllowing correction of an article which had aps'ored in its colhelns the previous day. 'Yesterdaly we gave the particulars of a fire ahich had occurred in thle vilingeof Slowhusrst, nentionling the nnames and lrnrames' of the vcetimis. Itaving obtained furtlher information, se hIasten to rectify certain inaccuracies in the rport of the sad c'ent. There were no victims, visto thle fire in qnestion never took place. We may add that thie village of Slowhurst does not exist.' Of thle Iritisl nobility the Dulke of Athole may claim to Ihaveo the greatest number ol titles. liesides his dukedom, he hls:ds twou mnarquisartes, fve erldomsr, threevic'sntieies, right Iaroniesl, and is alsno a CKnighlt f tihe Thirlstlc-twenty ditinct titles;in all. lie is, noreover, co-heir of ive o'ther barssties. Whlen addre-sing tlshe Ilouse, MIr. alfour generally holds himtscll tocthelr by the lapels of his coat. Irs is ant extremely nersous man. nosd movets about a gc.d deal, ith i hIss seat osd o hisi feet. lie is indefatigabls, alert, sctll portis, fearless, and generally good Irumooercd in debaotle. Professor Calderwoosl, of Edinburgh Uni. cersity. is the chuampion face recsllector. It is said in tle university that he never forgetr any ,f bi stu dents, thouogh Iis ela.sn, hieh nohnbersaahosr' 200, changes wholly from year to year, nd he sees the members for only one Issr dlaily. Thie late Professor luxnly'e autoglraph, altachel to a letter containing this par'ace. soan offered for sale some ioe ago : "I loslsk Ipnn autograllh hlnters ras a progeny of Cain, and treat their letters accordingly; ea:ven forgive you if you are o ly an in. eenious slecimen of thle same race." ' Madam,' said the impecunious boarder to else ladlssdady, 'I wish to pay sy ssteeaddresiP to possr dauhter.' ' t'dsdihlttedlt hIsear it,' shl replied; 'hbut I should like to mention tihat if ou5 don't pay tlem more prolmptly than you slo pour board bills, you'll nver gefler,young Tile Naey L'.caoeu's prolpoaitior, to place a vorsiatls 0t the fstss f Nerlon's Cohlmn on the nniiverosary of thie Ilattle of Trafalgar calls to uillnd thle famos exclam:sltisns of ne onf Nel. st.'s 'sailcrs swhlsn s e tir't saw tIse eolunn in Ts'l.,f.lar-squses. "'Mly ven 1" nshoual?d tlhe sl'l ,alt. 'Why, they've mastheaded thel A slelot,,graloher has t eap of t Iking tlsigo theLs. s:vcild not ho tolerated in any other line st busises. At Wileannia, N.S.W., chaff is selling freely at £12 per too.n, 