What it Feels like to Drown. Almost immediately I entorod tho water, the muoh-ro»ouuding roar of tho waves struck mo as dosolating and sorrowful — full of foro boding and torror. Ashamed of this fancy, I instinotivoly but foolishly, fought my way seawards, and was promptly out of my depth; not because I intended to run any risk, for I co(ild not swim, but because tho strong cur ,rpnt had scooped out a hollow in tho sandy bottom, whioh had six feot of water on the top of it. Tumbled over by the waves, tho concentrated 1 agony of the - moment wlion tho water- closed over my head; for tlio first time . cannot 'be described. Cruel and omnipotent force, without warning or; reason^ surrounded me; and my frantic ;and .determined efforts- to cscapo ,. only in creased tho pent up passion to cense holding. my broath and to inhalo once moro. I felt instinotivoly, as I writhed in the cold, blaok water, that if onco I succumbod to tho temp tation to expol my broath, which almost burst tho ribs in my atigrv efforts to retain it, tho end would como j that I should bo compelled toibreatho inwards while covered Avith tlio pressing salt wator,, At this time I must have given way, and tho dreaded stream of air bubbles rose to tlio surfaoo. A few wooks before I had watched the drowning of a cat inJthe clear waiter, of si running stream. The animal was tethered to a stone, and had fought with upturned faco for liberty. When tho bubbles rose in ' a , .silver fountain from the' cornors of its mputh, it stood at the bottom swaying' in tlio gentle curront, turned over,, and aftor one final struggle gave up tho ghost. This scene came vividly boforo me. I thought of this wrotched cat, and was half amused to think that my case was tho case of tho oat. Thero; was no fear 5' the actual ciroumstances filled my attention, and the piteous longing to escape and the inability of my offorts sud denly became subordinated to the fooling of intolerable pain. EyoB, chest, limbs, wero all ono solid pain. Just tlion I touched tho sandy bottom with my fingers and knee, and hastily, snatched a handful of sand and wator to thrust in my mouth to ond this struggle for air All 1 wantod was to ond tho pain. No thought of doath, except as Rn interesting and immaterial factor in the situation,, came over mo. It is truo, that I romomberod that I should bo mifiBod' when dinner-time r»nmn! n.nrV T. ivna frniftrl Tninftinry ? nnfl thinking of tho honro-pooplo, I thought of a' bluo tio I bad loft 011 a chest of drawers in' my bodroom, whioh I had intended to put on. Then, suddenly, I found my eyes nbovo water; for a second, and I saw two blnrrod Jiguros near. On this I sank ngain, and was con scious of relaxing effort and sinking out of a copsoious state to 'one in whioh one dreamed without knowing what tho droamB were*, From this I awoke in . groat pain in tho contro of a orowd on tho bonoh, whether my resouor had borno mo. My first thought was ono of infinite and unreasoning shamo ; but tlio nauBeacausod by swallowing so muoh salt water quiokly brought mo baok to earth again. Tlio tall silk hat fiist cf»m-_* into common uae in Paris in 1707, ' In tho palace ofEmporor William, In Berlin, COO housetnulaB and 1,800 liveriud footmen find employ ment, Paris haB 200 shops where horsemaat Is sold, Tbo residents of tho French metropolis lasb year oon sumed over 80 000 horses, ' It la estimated that during tlio Insti fivo years -820,000,000 liuvo been epont in the United States in the purchase of bioyoles, A design dogs feasted on tbo anranBO of oow that hnd died of rabies at Patters Mills, Pa,, and all of them contracted hydrophobia, Tho longont distance., to which a projectile has boen thrown wnsHtShooburynesH, England, on April 15) 1888, when a'LouKi'idge wire-bound gun throw a shot 21,368 yards, or 12 miles 288 yards, A colourod couple in Amurlcus, Git., met Justice' Grub on on the street, and roquasted him to marry them, Ilu promptly gratified tliem, standing on tbe highway, nnd then resumed his wulk. An abused wife In Mnystick, Ky,, lately soourod a dlvorco from hor huahnnd on tho gronnd, as etntod in'the decroe, that ho ' did not provide her with enough provender to keep bor organic systom | row faltering.' , . 