A GREAT WRONG; OR, THE MYSTERY OF BLACK HOLLOW GRANGE. CHAPTER XXIX.-Co1nu E-Dn. Lady Bianca, tall, and handsome, and gracious, was about to remove her glove, to receive the marriage ring, when there arose a commotion at the door. Lady Marlowe glanced round, and saw Sir Harry Treshan advancing followed by some two or three others. Something in the set, stern look of his face struc? terror to her heart. He came up with a rapid, ringing step, straight to the altar rail. " Hold I" he cried, his voice like a bugle; " this marriage onl-t not go on." The clergyman stopped and stared; old Sir Hereford wheeled round, and angrily de -manded whatw wanted ;-the-bridearched her delicate brows and awaited in well bred amazement; while Lady Marlowe grew white to the blonde crimps on her brow. The bridegroom had turned with the rest, and looking beyond Sir Hairy, had caught sight of the little shrinking figure in the background. At a single glance he recognised her. A hoarse cry broke from his lips. He put his bride from him and rushed down the aisle. "Isabel, Isabel I" he cried, "my wife my darling I have you come back 1" She was in his arms in aninstant, clinging about his neck, the tears streaming over her white cheeks like rain. " Arthur, Arthur I" she sobbed, I never thought to see you again; but I have loved you through all my misery I And I have a little baby, your own child, Arthur. We could not bring it because of the cold, but you shall see it &nd; lore it, and you won't let-them-take it away from me, Arthur?" . He held her close to his heart, his eyes alight with all their old fire. "I have been a fool, and in a dream; but, thank Heaven I I am awake now," he cried. " She is my wife," confronting the awe. stricken group attbe altar. "my own wife. and this marriage cannot proceed." Lady Marlowe and Lady Bianca simultan. eously fainted away; orange blossoms were crushed, laces tumbled, and in dire confa. "sion the wedding came to an end. S'Isabel still clinging to her husband, lifted her piteous eyes to his face. " You won't let them take me from you again, will you, Arthur 1" she whispered. He strained her close to his heart. " "My darling, no I No one shall ever take you from me again I" CHAPTER XXX. CLOTILDE'S CONFESSION, The morning appoinied-for "theexeeCtiodn of the murderer of Arthur Trevethon had arrived. The whole story of his crime had been told, and the true Sir Geoffrey, the man whose name and heritage he had so long usurped, had been found, and brought face to face with the miserable criminal in his coll. The two stool eye to eye-King Lear and the man who had so long borne his name. a flash of returning memory brightened the old man's eye. "I know him; I remember him," he said. " His name is Andrew Bruce. I gave my child into his keeping. What has he done with him " "I murdered him," answered the felon, gnashing his teeth and rattling his chains " as I would murder you now, if I could get at your throat." There was no doubt of the old man's identity. If there was, the evidence of Lord Harry Iothwell cleared it all away. "Sir Geoffrey and myself were college chums," he said, "sworn friends and allies. If you want a test, I can give you one. My old friend, Geoffrey, bad a curious mark on his arm-a little scar, precisely in the form of a triangle." King Lear laughed his cheery laugh, and pushed up the sleeve of his right arm. " What asharp fellow Rothwell is; he al. ways was," he said. "Now I had quite for. gotten that little mark, but there it is, gentlemen." So the case was settled to every one's satisfaction, and after years of exile, the heir of Trevethon was restored to his rightful heritage. In company with Miss Trevethon, i?is niece, he took up his abode at the ancestral mansion, Lyndith Hall. And on this cheerless winter morning, the eoution was to ta?bplace. -In punish. ment of his crime, Andrew Bruce was to suffer the extreme penalty of the law. But he remained unrepentant to the last, refus. ing to see a clergyman or to make the least preparations for eternity. London was all excitement that winter morning, and crowds of eager spectatois trooped in the direction of the spot, where the tragic deed was to be done, The criminal was a famous one, and every detail of the preliminary proceedings-was carried out with olicial decorum. The royal troops were in attendance; the officers en tered the prison to bring forth their victim, they went tramping into the dark cell, and found not the criminal they expected to see, but a woman. A ghost they at first sight believed her to be, and recoiled in amazed horror. A blood Len aged creature crouching on the pallet of straw, her hollow eyes glittering in tule gloom like lurid fire. "Your victim has escaped, and I am here in his stead," she said, speaking in hollow tones, while they stood stunned and silent. "Gold can work wonders, and I had gold. Hang me in his stead, if you will, but first bring a clergyman to hear my con. fession." The clergyman came, and with the sacred crucifix before her eyes, the wretched crea ture went on: " He was my husband, Andrew Bruee, the man who has so long usurped Sir Geoffrey Trevethon's name and title, and his son was my child, not Richmond Trevethon. For long years I have known the secret, and have held my peace. He made me swear by the blessed crucifix never to betray him, and well have I kept my oath , but I must break it now. My sins lieheavy on my soul, and I am dying. And there, crouching down in the prison cell, while the dreary morning waned withl out and the impatient crowd waited, she made her confession,detailing all the strange story of crme and sin which she had known so long. Sl He was my husband," she said, in con clusion, "and I have saved him trom the death he so richly merited. Let him go, Sir 3eoffrey Trevethon is restored to his rights. Heaven saved him from the sea and from death by a miracle. I have known the truth all these years. His body was cast ashor on the French coast, and hbe was restored to life; but his mind was gone ; he had neither reason nor memory. lie was cared for by some humane society, and sent with many others to an English mad.house, All the par. ticulars of the strange affair were told to me by one who knew, and you mayrelyon them. Heaven has restored Sir Geoffrey to his own, and you can afford to let my wretched hus. band go." ", And Sir Geoffrey's son, Richmond; have you heard nothing of him since you left him that night on the banksof the Lorie 1" asked one of her hearers. Syes?s I-found-him again in -the-cottage of a peasant woman I She had found him, and restored him to life, but he was like his father, left without memory of the past. That blow on his temple had injured his brain, and his mind was a blank. The peas ant woman could not keep him, and I took him with me, intending to hide him from An. drew, in the great city of Londoe ?e very day of my arrival, while I was almost beside ayself fest Andrew should find that the lad ltfd, I fell in with a country woman. She was sitting on the steps of a church, and l rblgS 4 t ko ยง g b t., I apprnaghed g iliqstiiie tse cause, for my oft mIsery rat so great, I seemed to pity all human suf tering. Seeing the child at my side, she 5gereda pieraing cry: "h, ne loots so much like my boy, thought he had come back from the gra?;,' she said, coming close to me, and subbing piteously. "I pitied her, and naked her to tell mehoe story. Herhusband had gone off to sea, to be gcne for years, and she, having accompanied him as far as London, was rituruing home with her son. But the lad had straved outl into the streets, and a runaway horsoo had knocked him down, and trampled on him killinr him instantly. ' 'le's dead, and they've hurried him,'shs continued, wringing her hands, my pretty boy, and his father's last words were, ' Take good care o' the lad ; if harm befall him, I't. ne'er come home to you again while I live. 'And he's dead now, dead and buried, and how shall I ever face his father?' "A thought flaihed into umy mind. I wanted to be rid of the poor lad whose llfe I had saved. I know if Andrew ever found out that he lived, he would murder us both. on it struck me.that I would give the lad t this woman whose son was dlead. I made the proposal to her, explaining that the tL! was friendless, and had been injured by s hurt--" She paused,her breath gone, her face livid They administered restoratives, and she re. covered. "In her terrible trouble, the poororeature jumped at my proposal," she went on; "thl lad was like her dead son, and she would take him, and train him up to look upon hae as his mother, an easy enough thing to do since his mind was like an infant's. Well she took him,and-" She paused again, a deeper pailor on het face, a hoarse rattle in her thraat. Ones more the restoratives were administered,but this time without effect. She signed for the crucifix, pressed it to her lips. drew a long, convulsive breath, and fell back upon the straw dead, her story left un finished. Poor, erring, fond Clotilde; her life o, martyrdom wai ended-atl-t.- --? A week later, one stormy morning, th" current of a swollen river washed the body of a man ashore, and when the affair was investigated it turned out to be the body of the felon, Andrew Bruce. Escaping from a -fate h deusevedj- he-had-met-hia-death. " Vengeance is mine," eaith the Lord ;" I will repay I" CHAPTER XXXI. " Bothe whole thing is settled, you see, Miss Trevethon," said Sir Harry Tresham, relating the particulars of poor Clotilde's death to Lenore, in the library at Lyndith Hall. "The poor soul died with the un. inished story on her lips, and, of course, we shall never hear aught else of Sir Geoffrey's son. He died, doubtless, from the effects of t.he ijejries hbreceivedsaoLthe.fi?sd'sohan.? ; - or, if he lived, grew up an idiot. An awful pity for poor King Lear; his heart seems so set on finding his son; but I feel rather glad on your account, Miss Trevetoon l" Lenore looked down at the tiny golden hoop-the emblem of heryouthfu, oetrothal -with a suppressed sigh, whethel . regret or relief she could not have told. " You will feel so much relieved ' 1 your mind," Sir Harry went on, "all that trouble about your poor father's will is ended. You are free now to choose any man yon fancy for your husband, and-and -if-" He stammered and then stood silent,flush. ing hot to the roots of his blonde hair. Lenare looked up at him, an arch twinkle in her blue eyes. "Don't do it, Sir Harry, please non't," she laughed; "don't renew your proposal, be. cause you think I expect you to do so I If you do, I shall give you the old answer. I do not feel free to marry, I must wait. Were it otherwise, I could not marry you, because -there now, don't let it hurt your vanity, because-I don't love you I Now, that's candid. Come, Sir Harry, be as frank with me. My prophecy has come true. You have changed your mind I Who is my rivalR" Sir Harry turned all colors, and stam. mered furiously; but through all, his relief was evident. At last he broke into an amused laugh. 'You're a witch, Miss Trevethon. 1 have changed my mind, thoughl'm oashamed to confess it. The fault is all your own, how ever. You refused my offer, and sent me off to that gruesome old manor, where I came within an ace of breaking my neck, and-and a pretty wood-nymph found me, and saved my life-" "And you fell in love with her f" inter. posed Lenore' "You bave guessed it, Miss Trevethon. Now confess that you despise me for my fickleness." "Nay, I honor you I The worst of folly is to waste love where it is not wanted. Sir Harry, I am so glad." A week later found Sir Harry again at the Fellside farmhouse. " Miss Melvilie," he said, standing at the window which opened on the sunset moors, I have come to know my fate this time. The journey from London is rather long, and suspense is very wearing. I want to know the truth. I love you, hMaud, and I honor you as much as I love your. Will you be my wife t" She turned round and loaked at him with her clear, tender eyes. "You really love me I" she said. "I do, with a deeper, worthier love than I ever gave to any other woman." Her iips-quircred and her eyes fell. He put his arm about her, and drew her close to his heart. " Maud, do you think you can learn to re. turn my love ?" he asked. "The task will not be hard," she an. iwered. "Sir Harry, I love you now." The sunset faded from off the wild moors, rnd with the dark came a messenger from the Gerhart cottage. The mother of Am. orose was dying, and Maud was summoned to her bedside. They gathered about her, just as the bells in the adjacent village struck the midnight hour. "I shall never see the sun rise," she said, her voice weak and broken. "My end is at hand, and I cannot die with an untruth upon my sinful soul. Come nearer, Donald, you and Ambrose, and forgive me for what I am about to tell. You rememberyour last words to me, husband, when you started on that long voyage? You said if I let harm befall our lad, you'd never come home tome egain. And I was so fond of you, Donald-" "Poor wife I poor wife I" said her bus hand, caressing her white face. "Let me go on," she gasped; " my breath . failing. Donald, Ambrose there is not our ron / Our boy was killed in London the very day you sailed." Father and son uttered a simultaneous cry. "Forgive me," the poor wife went on ; "I was so fond of you, Donald, and I hated so to break your heart. I met with a woman while I sat lamenting the fate of our boy, anl she had a lad with her who had the look of our little Ambrose. And when I cried out and caught him in my arms, she oiffered to let me have him. She said he was an orphan, and had been hurt in the head, so that his memory was gone, and there was some one who would kill him if she kept him. And I took the lad, Donald, and she gave me a purse of gold and a little package of money in Bank of England notes; you'll f?nd them--in-thedrawer of-the walnutnide. board. " So I took the lad and brought him home with me, and for months he was like an idiot. At last his mind game back to him, but he knew nothing of the past eacept when Itold him; and I reared him up to believe himself our son. Ambrose i have loved you like a mother. Can you forgive me 1" The young man bent down and kissed her panting lips, but poor Donald,who had loved his handsome son with a great love, turned aside his face and went The news went down to London that Sir Geoffrey Trevethon's son had beer found, and it also reached - Lenor's ecs Her face grow ashon white, and true papes containing the wu.derfnl tidings ie'l from her hand. "I cannot marry him-I will not,"she said, speaking under her breath. And when, on the following day, Am. brose and Sir Harry reached Lyndl:h Hall, they found only King Lear to welcome them. He fell upon the neck of Ambrose and wept like a child. SMy boy I my boy I How well I remember the day I promised your dying mother to bring you home to England, and to your rightful heritage, and here you areI Through great perils God has brought us to each otherl I might have known it! Your face struck me the first time I set eyes on it. I might have known you were my son." But Miss Trevothon had gone, leavingonly a brief note behind her, addressed to Rich. mond Trevethon. "I cannot obey my father's will and - become your wife ; hence I go. The Treve. thon heritage is mine-I leave it as a gift for you." That was all. Ambrose read the brief lines a great agony at his heart. "I'll find her," he said, "if it takes years and release her from her bonds." And for months he was a wanderer, going from city to city, always on her track, bha loslngsight of her at the last hour. One summer evening, in an old worlo cathedral, gorgeous with the purple glory ol stained windows, and filled with strains ol divi;a mnlo, they mect-fco-fc;- -a - She turned from the pictured Madonna beflre which she stood, her face growing deadly pale. " biss Trovethon," spoke Ambrose, "I have found you at last, thank Heaven I Why did you leave your home and your heritage 1 You must return to them." "Nay, I cannot," she replied, a pain. fnLred mounting_toher brow,_"because I eannbt marry Sir Geoffrey Trevethon'l son I" "Sir Geoffrey's son will release you." "That will not alter the case, or change ths letter of my father's will. But how shooul you know what Sir Geoffrey's son willor wit not do Are you his messengerl" \-- Something-in- her foaoetrinitd-hi-nr- his heart's core; he shook like a reed in the wind. " How should I know? Surely, 3MissTreve. then, you are not ignorant of the fact that I am Sir Geoffrey's son ?" " You?" She drew back, growing white to the lips. "hAnswer, me, for Heaven's sake," he im plored. "Did you know?" " I did not." "Yet you left I What does it mean? Oh do not deceive me; do not trifle with me Lenore I What is it I read in your eyes that emboldens me to speak? Ilove you-ore yo, as I shall never love another woman. ihave loved you since that awful nigat-loved -you ir-solence-and secrecy. -Speak-to- me-- Lenore I" She looked up, her eyes melting with in. finite tenderness. "And you are Sir Geoffrey's son?" she said, softly. "ham." He stood waiting, his arms folded acros his breast. She caught up the little ring, still glittering on her chain, and pressed ittd her lips. " Precious little pledge, no wonder I could not give you up I" she murmured, passion ately. He caught her hands and drew her toward him. SLenore I Lenore T do you mean-" " I mean this," she said, her eyes drooping beneath his gaze, "I had no dream that you were Sir Geoffrey's son, and loving you too well even to obey my father's will, I ran away from England." He caught her to his breast with a sob. '" My darling-my little child-wife I Le. nore, my heart has hungered for you so long and at last you are my own I" " Your own forever, Richmond." When spring came the wedding tookplace at Lyuditr Hall, and Donald Gerhart gave away the oride. A large party went out with Sir Geoffrey and the marriet pair on their wedding travels, and among them were Arthur Mar. Jowe-anhiawife lxsabetandtheirinfantaon and Sir Harry Treabam and his newly made bride. And leaving them to pursue their pleasant journey, we hid our kind readers adieu. CONCLUDED. .Tha largest flower in-the-world ro?wn in - Sumatra. It is called the Raullesia Arnoldi, and some of the specmens are each 39in. in dianleter. The central cup will hold six quarts of water. The tax made upon the country by military serrice cannot be called excessive. Out ol the entire population lewer tha n 1 in 1000 are enlisted annually, while only about 5 in 1000 of the populaton of the United Kingdom are servmng in the Regular Army. The folding bicycle is a new invention. Eight thonacnd million letters arceatimated togeo - through the world's post-offices in one year. A cannonball fred from one of the Krupp or Armstrong guns travel at the speed of 2,807 feet per second. A lace was a short time since rowed at Deal between four four-oared crews of boatmen each of whom was over 60 years of age. The winning crew averaged 70 years, while their coxewlan was hi years old. The whole number of doctors in Great Bri. tain e? 23,031i. 01 this number 4,417 arc in London, 11.775 on the provincial list, 2.206 in Scntland, 2,430 in Ireland, 1,717 resideabroad, and 2,463 are in the Army and Navy, the Indlan medical service and the mercantile marine. ,\ loano n a lion-cage is the latest stage specnilty. It ha been introdluced by a femial piano-teacher, who tirst performedin a lion. cage in anlenaerle at Dewsbury. Thcexperi ment is pronounced a 'grand success.' The kingly beasts are said to be appreciative, and particularly partial to Chopin's airs. His Collection.-- Who are all these ?'asked the visitor. 'Oh, that album?' raid the lan. guid young man. 'That is a collection of photoalraph of the only girla I everloved.' Mirs. Podsnap: 'Dout you believe it's true, Jolhn, that a peeson parta.res to a considerable extent of the nature of the creatures he eats?' Mr. Podsnap; 'No. I've been eating fish all ly life, and I can't swim a stroke.' Alberta: ' I do wish it were not the custom to wear ti e engagement ring no the third nhger o oone'n left hand.' Alethea: 'So do I. I can't get more than half my engagement rings lm at one time, now.' 'Thls iu two b.d.' exclaimed the Dublin traen conductor, when he received the second bad florn. He (ust Introduced): ' What a very ugly nian that gentlemanu near the piano is, Mlrs. lHobson.' Mrs. llobson; 'Why, that is Mr.' Hobson.' He (equal to the occasion): 'Oh, indeed. How true it is, iMrs. Hobson, that :he ugly men always get the prettiest wives.' The announcement that Signor Mlascagni is aritinga ong for ai music hall artist i, sas t lHoiie paper, oioiewhat of a shock. The singer may be a very clever one, and I believe bhe is, but still it certaminly hardly seems the o'rrect thing for a writer of opera to compose ,nusic-hall songs, although many of the Italian )pers compo-rs wrote songs that were not worthy of perforinance at a music hall. Do cheap editions kill dearer editions? Not lhvays, it seie.s lvr. Gosse, writing to Mr. Stead on the soljeet of "The Penny Poet," iays:-"I remember being told by ly friend Ir. Coventry .Patirore that the issue of the Cassell edition (Ad.) of 'The Angel in the Hioue.' of which an enormous number was ,old, positively and imnmediately increased the vio lrt the bs. edition." When Jefferson was Vice-President of the United States, the Vermont Legislature had ii Scotchman for chaplain. He used every day to pray for the President, but not for Jeffer. son. Some member said to him one day that if he did not mention the Vice-Prestdent the omission would he attributed to political feel ing. "Indeed," said he. "I did not know there was such a mon." The member ex. plained, and the next morning te prayed that the Lord would blers the Presid nt, and crn. tinned. "and the Vice-President, too, 0 Lord, bhithrto to us inlelnl:nl. Printed and publishcd by the Proprietors, RAIN & THOMsot, at their Offce, 168 & 170 Queeubezrrstreet, North Melbouma, TEL PUON 11911 