ft Wonderful Woman ; OR, THE DAHGERF1ELD MYSTERY/ By MES MAY AGNES FLEMING. Author of " Wed, Yet N» Wife," "Norine," "Baronet's Bride," Etc CHAPTER XXIV.— (Continued.) Captain O'Donnell walked on to the town lost In thought. The ghost of Sir Peter was a riddle he could not read. At length he reached the churchyard of Caatleford. Then he suddenly paused. A man and a woman were standing just by the gate, screened from the view of passengers by the elms that waved above It. Even at that distance he recognised the woman's figure — it was not to be mis taken — It was Miss Herncastle. Fate seemed to take a malicious pleasure in throwing him across her path, in fore dooming him to play the spy. As the thought crossed his mind the two .turned, and he saw that the face of the man was that of an utter stranger. He saw their faces clearly as they turn ed from the gate and appproached him. In the profound silence the last words of Miss Herncastle, in her rich, sweet, full tones, came to him: "You must go back, Henry, and at once — to-night. That you have been at Castleford at all will cause talk enough." Their hands clasped. The man mur- mured something earnestly, in too low a voice to be heard. Miss Herncastle's clear voice responded: "Give up— give up now, after all I have suffered, all I have worked so hard to accomplish, all I have done already ? Never! You should know me better than that. The first instalment of my re venge I have had. What I have sworn I will do; then, I care little what comes. Good night, my kind, my faithful friend — go back to London at once." She pulled a, thick veil she wore over her face, and walked away, with her own rapid, resolute step. The man lingered for nearly ten minutes; then he disap peared in the gloaming. And Captain O'Donnell! He stood like one petrified. Who was Miss Herncastle? He glanc ed at the grave and the grey stone gleam ing In the. moon-rays that told of the le gend of Katherine Danger-field's death. If Katlierlne Dangerfield were dead— if — what reason had he to doubt it? And yet! — and yet!— his blue eyes flashed, his lips set, Ills face grew like ifjm with the sudden, stern resolve. "I'll get at the bottom of this juggling. J' 11 find out who you are, my mysterious Miss Herncastle. I'll find out whether it was Katherine Dangerfield's ghost Sir Peter saw under the King.'s Oak, or— a living woman!" CHAPTER XXV.— THE STORY OF THE IVORY MINIATURE. In the evening, at Scarswood. Miss Herncastle was seated with Sir Arthur Tregenna in a window recess of the drawingroom, the lady embroidering- at her frame, the gentleman watching the the clear-cut profile as it bent over the work, the long, white, swift fingers, and neither talking much. "How hard you work, Miss Hern castle," remarked Lord Ruysland, bland ly, his lordship having crossed the room to join the baronet and his companion; "you put us idle jjeople to shame. Is Sir Arthur taking lessons in needlework ? I hope you find him an apt pupil, my dear young lady?" Sir Arthur colored, partly with an noyance, partly with a sense of compunc tion. Latterly it had begun to dawn up on him that his mission to Scarswood had not been fulfilled— that he had not asked Lady Cecil Clive to be his wife.— She must have known what brought him down — she must have known what had been on his lips that night when Miss Hern castle entered the boudoir. Miss Herncastle smiled, perfectly un embarrassed, and reached over for the dainty little basket that held her flosses and laces. Either by accident or design, the earl never knew which, the little bas ket upset, and flosses and laces fell in a shining heap at the earl's feeit. Some thing else fell, too— a square, hard sub stance, that flashed in the light. Sir Arthur picked up the basket and fancy work, ills lordship the square substance. What was it? A portrait — an old-fash ioned, ivory miniature, beautifully paint ed, and set in a jewelled frame. His eyes Ml upon it, and a sudden stillness of great surprise came over him from head to foot; then he turned round, and looked Miss Herncastle full in the face. She met his gaze with calm composure, and reached out her hand. "My favorite souvenir," she said. " I hope it is not injured. How stupid of me to upset the basket! Thanks, my lord." But my lord still held the Ivory minia ture—still looked at Miss Herncastle. "I beg your pardon," he said, in an al tered voice; "it sounds very impertinent, but I must ask you where you got this." Miss Herncastle looked surprised. "That— that picture, my lord? Oh , 'thereby hangs a tale.' Do you know who it is?" "Miss Herncastle, do you?" "No; and I have the greatest curiosity on the subject. That picture came into my possession in the most accidental manner, and for the past six years I have been trying to 'discover its owner, but as yet I have not succeeded, Her name was Mrp Vavasor." "Mrs Vavasor! I knew more-than one Mrs Vavasor, but none of them in the least likely to possess this picture." "You knew the original of that picture, then, my lord?" "Undoubtedly, Miss Herncastle. The original of this picture is Major Lionel Cardonnell, my late wife's only brother, at present iji Quebec. May I, in turn, in quire who was Mrs Vavasor, and how she came to be possesses of this?" He was watching her— vague, strange suspicions afloat in his mind. From first to last she was a strange, mysterious creature this governess; an air of mystery seemed to enshroud her. Her possession of his brother-in-law's picture seemed to clap the climax. Miss Herncastle met his suspicious gaze with the calm of conscious recti tude. "Two questions, my lord, which, unfor tunately, I am incapable of answering. Six years ago I made the acquaintance of Mrs Vavasor. We became very friend ly, not to the point of intimacy, though, and one day she took away an old In dian casket of mine well, we will say by mistake. Subsequently I recovered it, and in it discovered that portrait. The following day she departed to France, and under these circumstances I kept the pic ture until she could send for it. She never did send for it, and I have never met her since. I never heard the name of the gentleman whose likeness it was until to day." She threaded her needle, and placidly went on with her work. The earl listen ed in profound silence. It sounded plaus ible enough, and yet he did not believe a word of it; but, then, he was prejudiced against Miss Herncastle. He handed it back to her, and rose. "What was your Mrs Vavasor like, Miss Herncastle?" "She was o. little, dark woman, of French extraction, I believe, in spite of her English name, with black eyes and Iiair, and an incessant smile. As a rule, people called her very pretty. Her Chris tian name was Harriet." z "Harriet ? Yes — I see — I see. It was Harriet Lelacheur, to a dead certainty- Mrs Harm an, raJther, under an alias," he muttered to himself. "I thought so from the first. 1 thought her dead years go." He sauntered away. Sir Arthur in turn took the ivory miniature and gazed at it. "Did you know Major Cardonnell, Sir Arthur? But I suppose you must have been too young." "No; I never saw Lionel Cardonnell," the baronet said. "I heard the story of ten, though. Very handsome face, is it not? Much handsomer than that of the late Countess of Ruysland, and yet like her too." "You knew the countess?" " Certainly not. The Countess of Ruysland died before her daughter was a week old, but I have often seen her picture. Lady Cecil wears cue, and there is a large painting at Clive Court." "Does Lady Cecil resemble her mother? If so, her mother must cer tainly have been very beautiful." "She does not in the least resemble her mother— nor her rather either, as you may see— nor any relative of the Clive or Cardonnell families. Miss Herncastle, will you think it stiange if I tell you that you resemble at times, in the most sin gular manner, Lady Ruysland?" "Impossible, Sir Arthur." "It is perfectly true. His lordship saw the resemblance the first evening he met you." Her self-command was wonderful, but the liimy web of flossy lace dropped sud denly in her lap. Then her soft, musi cal laugh chimed on the stillness, her smiling face turned to him once more." " Another unaccountable resem blance," she said. "Really, Sir Arthur, I begin to think I must be a most ab normal sort of person. I startle poor, nervous Sir Peter by my real or. fancied resemblance to a young lady relative of his dead and gone— I startle the earl by my resemblance to bis late wife. I wonder, now, whose double I shall find myself next?" "It is odd," Sir Arthur answered, look ing at her gravely. "Your resemblance to the late Miss Katherine Dangerfield must be very striking indeed. Mr Tal bot, of Morecambe, is almost as much impressed by it as Sir Peter. Your like ness to Lady Ruysland's portrait is only seen at times, and then not very strong ly. Still it is there." "And this handsome young officer is Lady Ruysland's brother? There are reasons, not easily to be explained, con nected with Mrs Vavasor that make me extremely desirous to know all I can of her antecedents. Was this gentleman —so greatly above her in rank as he must have been— really her lover?" "Mrs- Vavasor ? But you forget, Miss Herncastle, I do not know your Mrs Va vasor. Lionel Cardonnell has not set foot in England for five-and- twenty years. "Your. Mrs Vavasor may have known him out in Canada." " No," Miss Herncastle replied, " I fancy not. She- knew him- in England, and very long ago. Her maiden name was Harriet Lelacheur." - " Oh," cried Sir -. Arthur, a new light of intelligence breaking over him, "Har riet Lelacheur! Then it la, quite clear, of course. And you knew. Mrs Harman, did you, Miss Herncastle?" "I have met her. She called herself Mrs Vavasor though— a false name, pos sibly?" : "Or possibly she married again after Herman's death. Well, Miss Hern castle, concerning Cardonnell— he was her lover," replied the baronet. "And would have been her husband if he could— is that true. Sir Arthur?" "Perfectly true, I believe." "Lady Ruysland — his sister — carried her off to some lonely place on the Cor nish coast, and imprisoned her there while ho exchanged into a regiment or dered to Canada," pursued Miss Hern castle. "Again, quite true. I see she has been making you her confidant." "It was a fortunate escape for Major Cardonnell; he has reason to congratu late himself and thank his sister's clever strategy. By the way, though, Lady Ruysland and her ex-waiting maid must have been reconciii after wards from what I heard the latter say." She- was working industriously once more. The Cornish baronet was watch ing her. "They did. My lady, by way of re compense, I suppose, dowered her wait ing maid, and married her to a trades man of the place — his name was Har man. lie died before the first year of his married life had expired, leaving his young wife, and a babe of a fortnight old. Of course, of all this I know noth ing personally — I have heard my poor father though, and Lord Ruyslend speak of it so often that it seems familiar to me as a household word." "Anil Lady Ruysland came to the aid of her servant again, I suppose, in her hour of widowhood and adversity? She was noble in that at least." "She was noble in all tilings," Sir Ar thur answered. " It was a loyal and generous nature, but with a passionate pride, a fiery temper, a latent jealousy, and recklessness tint have wrecked many a noble nature before. It is not a pleasant story, Miss HerncasiV, but <it leas; it is no secret. She flew to her humble friend, not to succor, but for shelter." "For shelter," Miss Herncastle re peated, looking at him steadily, " and died in her arms." "Ah, you know the story. Yes, in that humble cottage, with only her old servant by her side, poor, passionate, er ring Lady Ruysland died. She was in sanely jealous— who is to tell with or without cause?— of one who had been her rival years before— younger, fairer than herself, as highly born, but poor. His lordship was absent in Italy — rumor said to be near her. Very likely rumor erred, as it usually docs ; at least her ladyship believed it, and on the night of the earl's return a violent scene ensued. He left her in high anger — bitter words had passed— and in the frenzy of her iag-c and jealousy she fled. Next morn ing she was nowhere to be found. All day they looked for her in vain. At nightfall a messenger came to Clive Court from Mrs Harman, summoning his lordship. A (laughter had been born — a wife was dead!" Once more the embroidery dropped in Miss Herncastle's lap. Her eyes were dilated, fixed cn liis face; her lips were breathless and apart in the intensity of her interest. Her death was a terrible blow to liim — for a time. Clive Court was shut up, Sirs Harman was handsomely pension ed, and the baby,. Lady Cecil, left with her. "For two years Lord Ruysland was absent; then a letter from Mrs Harman recalled him. She was of French ex traction, and had taken a sudden fancy to visit her relations in Paris — would his lordship come and take his little daugh ter, and let her go? He returned to England, received Lady Cecil from her hands, placed her with some relatives in a remote part of England to grow up, anil returned to his wandering life. Mrs Harman left England with, her daughter, and I fancy the Earl never heard of her from that day to this, until he chanced to see his brother-in-law's picture a few moments ago." Miss Herncastle now rose from her seat, and as she got up, for the first lime in the baronet's experience of licr, held out her hand as she said good night. "You have done me a great favor to night, Sir Arthur." she said, "greater than you know. Let me thanlc you, and — good night." He looked up at her in surprise. She smiled— a strange, exultant sort of smile — looking, not at him, but across the room, at the figures of the Earl of Ruysland and the Lady Cecil Clive. Long after, he had reason to know what the strange and triumphant smile meant. You may understand some day, Sir Arthur, and sooner than you think. Once more, good niglit." With the words she was gone. He watched the tall, commanding figure as it swept across the room and disappear ed. Miss Herncastle went up to her room, but not to bed. She sat down by the open window, a starry light In her eyes, almost a flush of color on her marble face. "At last— at last!" slie said, "my hour has come! I have heard all I wanted to hear. I see my way clear to the end now!" CHAPTER XXVI.— THE. SCAR ON- TEMPLE. Miss Herncaste had walked into CaSr ileford to post a private letter of her'Own. She returned as the stable clock wrr striking six, and, as she walked up ths avenue, came face to face with Sfr Peter and Captain O'Donnell. The little cowardly baronet had been -seized with a sudden and great fancy for the tall, soldierly, fearless Irishman. O'Donnell suited hhn exactly. He had not a grain of fear in his nature, he hai a -cool head, a steady nerve, and he was intensely Interested In Sir Peter's affair of the ghost O'Donnell had taken It up, had promised to investigate, did not believe it was a ghost, and Sir Petei breathed again. Both gentlemen bowed to the pale, tired-looking governess. The baronet turned round, and looked darkly and sus piciously after her. "Where liaB she been now?" he asked distrustfully. "What do all these long, solitary rambles mean? Don't you sea the likeness, O'Donnell. to the picture or Katherine Dangerfield? You must be blind if you do not." "Oh, I see a certain likeness," O'Don nell repeated, "but nothing so marked as to be terrifying. By-lhe-by, I was examining the photograph with a mag nifying glass, and I discovered a mark or scar of some kind on the left side ot the face right above the temple. Now, had Katherine Dangerfield a birthmark there, or anything of the sort?" "The line you saw was the scar of a wound that came pretty near ending her life. On the voyage out to India her nurse let her fall out of her arms; she struck the blunt end of a spike, and gave herself a horrible gash just above the temple. I saw the sear a hundred times; it wasn't very disfiguring, and Bhc never ' tried to conceal it. A white triangular sear, that used to turn lividly red when she got angry." O'Donnell listened thoughtfully. "Humpli!" he said, "a scar like that It would be impossible ever to obliterate, even liad sjie lived to be eighty. By the way, you told me, Sir Peter, she died in the house of a man named Otis, I think — a doctor, who afterwards removed to London? Do you know if this man still lives?" "I know nothing about him; but there is no reason to suppose he does not." "Was his Christian name Henry?" "Yes; Henry Otis, that was his name." "Was he tall, spare, light-hatred, very sallow complexion, with a sloop?" "Yes, he was. O'Donnell, have you seen him— you describe .hint exactly?" "1 think I have. And she died in his house, and was buried from it, you say? How long after did he leave Castleford for London?" " I don't remember exactly — some months, I think. There were peo ple who said he had fallen in love- 'with Katherine, and was miser able here after her death. She was buried from his house, and he erected that stone to her memory. Then he took his mother away, and went up to London." "He and his mother kept a servant, I suppose? Now, if the servant who liv ed with them at the time of Katherine Dangerfield's death be still alive, it strikes me I should iike to see tihait ser vant. One question more. Sir Peter, -on' another subject. Do you know a place some three miles from here — a. dismal, lonely sort of house, called Bracken Hollow?" "Certainly I know Bracken Hollow." His voice dropped to a -whisper, and. he glanced half- fearfully around. "Who in Castleford does nof ? Dismal and lonely! I should think so. Bracken Hollow is haunted house." "Who lives at Bracken Hollow?" - ' An old woman named Hannah' Gowan. She was Katherine Danger- field's nurse in her youth, and Sir John pensioned her off, and gave her Brack en Hollow." "Whe — w — v/ — w !" O'Donneli's low. shrill whistle pierced the quiet air. Katherine Dangerfield's nurse! By George! that accounts " He stop ped. Sir Peter looked at him, all his never- ending suspicions and fears aroused. "Accounts for what?" O'Donnell halted in his .slow walk, and laid his hand confidentially on the shoulder of 'the haronet, and looked calmly down into his little wizen face. "Sir Peter," he said, gravely, "a light' is beginning to dawn upon me— the mys teries are lifting slowly, but, I think, surely. As certain as we both live, this strange mystery shall be 6lfted to the bottom, and the ghost of Scarswood, the ghost of Bracken Hollow, exorcised!: Now I am going away by myself to think." And he turned and strolled off, leaving the petrified little baronet standing urn? der the lime trees, the picture of dazed, and helpless astonishment. The first room tlie young Irlslimari! passed was the library; its windows stood wide open on the lawn; it looked cool and dark and deserted— a suitable' place to think in. j He stepped in, let the sea-green cur« tains fall again, flung himself into a chair, his hands still deep in his pockety his brows knit in a reflective frown. The room had seemed very dark, conw tag in from the glare of the sunset; but; after five minutes, he lifte« his eyty from the carpet, and found it was not dark. He also found that he was not alone; the library had another occupant — that occupant Miss Herncastle — Mlsls Herncastle asleep. She had removed her hat— one hand pillowed her head— her face, wiith the light full upon it, was turned towards him. And in her sleep she dreamed, for her brows 'were contracted, her lips moved. She looked fairer "in her slum ber than .he had ever awake. -v.. ; . "Who was she? A strange. woman, Wurely— a wonderral w'oirta.n. if the dim, mysterious suspicions adrift In his mind " iwere right. Who was she? .... An inspiration come to Mm — an in spiration that lifted him from his chair to his feet, that caught his breath for one breathless moment. The Bear on: Catherine Dangerfleld's temple! He hardly knew what he suspected as yet, wild, improbable, Impossible things; and yet he did suspect. Now, if ever, was the time to end all suspicions and test the truth. Miss Hern castle .wore her black hair nearly down to her eyebrows; what easier than now to lift one of these shining wave3, and look at \- the left temple— it was the side of the "lace uppermost. He advanced — hesitated. Something in her helplessness, in the Sac redness of bleep, appealed to his strength "and his manhood, and held him back. . It seem ed a dastardly deed — to do while she Slept what he dared not do awake. And yet it was his only chance. "I may be Judging her cruelly, shame fully," he thought; "if the scar in not there I am. For her own sake I will took." He drew near — he stooped over the Sleeping form; very gently he lifted the "ilack waves of hair that coveied forehead . and temple. A full and noble brow he '.saw It was those bands of dead, dark bair hid. Lifted off, it altered her won derfully, made, her ten times more like the portrait of the dead girl. He glanc ed at the temple. Good Heaven! . Yes, there was the livid triangular soar Sir Peter Danger- 'Seld had described just above the tem ple. He let the hair drop— he absolutely reeled for a second, and grasped a chair. He stood there for' a few moments thun derstruck, spellbound, looking down ait her, and then drawing a deep breath, softly left the room (To be continued.) 