A MIGHT ATTACK. THE JOXmiY GOT IX. A SLUEriXO CAMP .-WITHOUT ADEQUATE (IUTPOSTS. ' ^-VULS AX EASY PREY. The Dally Telegraph” special corres pondent at the recent Aldershot mana> uvros of the British Army, tells in the Hollowing picturesque fashion the storv of a, successful night attack:— As I antiepated. after yesterday Morning’s battle, there was a fierce night at-aclc upon one of the camps, and to day there has been a running fight and big engagement between the two oppos ing columns. The Army Manoeuvres Are planned to afford oflicors and men •experience in the tactics and practices of war. nonce the iirst duty in these ’manoeuvres, is to keep the action mevrilv going night and day if possible. Who ■wins or who loses is a matter rather of ■secondary importance, compared with tne value of the instruction imparted by the tasks set either side. One hour it is the invader who achieves that ques tionable standard of excellence call'd -success:" the next the tables are turn •ed, and England, represented in the ■character of the Northern forces led 1 >y Major-General Burroughs, seizes a glo rious victory. Many cf the participants fail oven to deserve, let'alone, command. ' success, and General Barnard, or his -subordinates who were responsible*gave Away last evening in a fell hour all their leader had done by days and nights of planning and lighting. He had pro tected his camp by placing two batta lions on outpost duties, and drawing ^nch a screen round his quarters that no European army could have broken through without alarming all his troops. His outposts in Brimstone Wood pro tecting his north-west front were with iirawn after dark yesterday, and one battalion was left to guard in a very in different lashion tiie approaches to this camp. There were two manifest blun ders, for neither of which probably the Southern Genera! was responsible. First, part of the camp was pitched in an in-’ secure hollow, and. next, the optpost' ■were not adequately covered by outlying scouts. No wonder, then, that last night, thanks to bold energetic tactics, tiie invaders were themselves invaded And routed, horse, foot and artillery. -This must be avenged," said a dis tinguished oflicer of the Royal Dublin .Fusiliers, near eleven o’clock last night, •vvhen he was forced to parade his men in his shirt tails on finding the Northern troops in his camp, and almost in his quarters. When the major part of the opposing 'forces were presumed to be a-bed in sweet slumber. Major-General 13eng.jr.gli. witli half his army, suddenly burst with a roar down into the enemy’s encampment. Never was there a more dramatic, better led. and better deliver ed night attack. It was perfect in its inception, and well-nigh faultless in its execution. And what more can be told in the way of praise is equally merited. I went in with the leading assaulting company and battalion as I did at Tei el-Kebir. and there was much in the -whole operations to recall that glorious And decisive action. Still, if I may say so, wc have learned since then, and the blow was belter delivered, and. in a sense, the result was as great. There are two things, in one of which British troops excel, though in the other they are constitutionally defective. No troops In the wide world possess to such a de gree the sustained, calm, balanced mind That in peril and under strange condi tions as well enables them to carry Through that most trying of duties, might attack. And I regret that army takes fewer precautions than o own against possible surprises, or 1 tains such rooted indifference to ris to be run from their enemy’s plans a: prowess. After gunHre, at nine p.m., in the Nor thern Camp, situate at Keepers Hill, , Conforcl, las: night word was passed Tound in "whispers,'’ or rather chiefly hy signs, for three battalions to “ fall in" promptly, without fuss or noise. The men, in full marching order, took their places in the ranks. The moon had not risen, and such of the sky as could be seen through the environment of gloomy pines showed banks of flying black clouds, threatening rain that came later in a prolonged deluge, attended by thun der and lightning. On outpost duty for No. 1 Field Column were the Berks Re giment. They wer thickly spread to the east, securing Brimstone Wood up almost to the west side, or Longmoor Down, whereon, to the south of Wool aner Pond, was Major-General Barnard, the invader’s '•amp. The assaulting •column consisted of the 1st South Staf fordshire Regiment, the 2nd Liverpool Regiment. and the 3rd King’s Royal Rifles. No happier selection could have ijeen made than that the Staffords should lead, for they have been long and care fully tutored in the mode of making niglrt attacks. Each soldier wore round Ills headdress the white band that dis tinguished the Northern Force. Noise lessly as ghosts the t roots moved in column out of camp, over the Diand stream, which is a tributary of the Oak .hanger and River Wey. into Brimstone enclosure. Before them lay a march of three miles, part of which was over a woodland track and two-ihirds over rough untrodden ground, full of traps in the guise of ditches, holes, heath and fern. Halting within the wood the troops closed up into position, Major General Bengough, in person, with his staff, marching on foot with the assault ing column, taking the direct command. Luckily, as1 X have said, the enemy had -withdrawn their chief outposts, and, equally fortunate, the Northern leader Mad in a member of his staff an officer -who had carefully scouted and explored the ground. After a quarter of an hour’s smart inarching, during which not a word was uttered, even the commands having l?een conveyed by signs, the column struck off the road to the left through the piney woods. Not a path helped to mark the route, and from general to -private .many a stumble and fall was made without ejaculation or cry of any hind. We picked ourselves out of the pitfalls and made our way onward— communing inwardly to ourselves, no •doubt. Brimstone Enclosure, at one angle, has a narrow belt or tongue of timber that abuts upon Longmoor Down, within 400 yards of the Southern • enemy’s lower camp. Not a post or sentry of the foe was met with till the column arrived at the limit of the wood. Dy means of several brief halts, the whole ’ column was kept in compact ■order. Delaying, momentarily, when within thirty yards of the edge of the ■'rood, the assaulting column then rush ed forward at the double. An outpost at the barrier challenged, almost shrieking, “Halt! Who goes there?” He aired his rifle, and when one or two of ■the outposts did the same tiiey were surrounded on all sides by Major-Gene lal Bengough’s Staffordshire Regiment. Mhe umpires silenced these prisoners, and without pause the battalion held on scrambled on anyhow over the fence, towards the enemy’s camp. We had and jumped the big ditch, deploying partly during the operations. For half an hour we had seen the lights in Major General Barnard’s tents as we stole al most between his camps. Out upon Longmoor Down the tents were there 5U a hollow. 70ft below the crest. When officers and men realised how near they had got, nought could restrain their ar dor. With a roar o£ cheering, as the thunder of the ocean’s surge, which was heard back at Oonford, they ran down hill. It was a black avalanche capped with snow that swept down. Not a soul, save a few sentinels, stirred about the tents. These challenged and fired, and a few men came out in a sleepy, dazed way. to meet us and fire their rifles. But the shooting was feeble and trilling, compared with the din and tramp of the assaulting column. When v ithin thirty yards of the tents, Bar nard’s sergeants could be heard hoarsely bawling for Company A, and so on, to “fall m.” It was too late. The um pires and officers succeeded in halting the column; for the men’s blood was up, and they would in many instances. 1 fancy, have onjoyed a rough-and tumble with their antagonists. “Cease firing!’ was sounded, and his Iloyal Highness !jie Duke of Connaught, with the headquarters’ staff, who came up. complimented Alajor.-General Bengough on certainly the most brilliant enterprise of the campaign. It was 10.:;.") p.m. when the affair was over. Then, after gaily whistling and singing, the assauiring column, marching by the main roads, retired to their, own camp, which they reached before midnight. 