WINKLE; k CHAPTER XXXV. <®rnt' ho muttered, . though I / 7H; could barely hear him, 'I "»am' glnd that rvo nro .;oice more together, Power— you aiid i!\ . 'Ave you, Daryl ? . 'So' am' I, dear— in this hour, very tliauluul and glad 1' The door opened. , Clad in his Oriental dressing-gown of many colours, carefully.' led by, his old friend 'Doctor. YVyiiterj t riiid " fol lowed by Buckle und -Mrs.: Jcs- sainy, lost , .his, tottering, limbs should fail him and I10 should suddenly collapso. in their midst, entered the Squire— crying as lie came like a child, babbling. like a child, his scanty white hair just \- peeping from beneath his skull cap-— truly a most touching and pathetic sight. degrees brought the old man for ward to the bedside, another ser vant appenred in the doorwny and spoke in a somewhat excited . undertono to Bucklo and . to Mrs; Jcssumy. Both (lie house keeper ami the valet brightened, I noticed ; neither of them ap peared to bo astonished, and all three of tliem hustcncd away to gether. ' Daryl dear, my husband, do you hear mo ?' I spoko near to his ear ; for it was impossible not to mark that lie was sinking — rapidly sinking ; he and Death, in tho darkening valley,- would soon ho elasping hands. 'Your grandfather, the Squire, lias come. Do is here. See — he is speaking to you. Can you hear him, Daryl ?' ' . IIo heard; lie tried to raise lmriRnlf. lint: nmiltl nnf. Dnntni 7 Wyntcr and I between us lifted him higher upon the large soft .pillows.. ' Grandfa — grandfather — for give — forgive ' . We had placed the old man in an arm-chair at the bed-head. There, crushed and dazed by a great grief, tho real nature of which his enfeebled intellect could but dimly comprehend, I10 "fiut obediently, fondling antl cry- . ingvory childishly o'yir one of llavyl's hands. But Daryl Dark- wood's fingers were utterly nerve less — powerless now to respond to tho weak pressure of those skinny palsied ones that were wandering so pathetically over and clinging to his. no could gasp out only- — ' Grandfather — forgive!' 'They, tell me— tho fools." wept tho old mini incoherently, drying his tears with the skirt of his gaudy dressing-gown — ' that you lmvo come hack to Bed- knights to — to die, Daryl lad. bay it is not true, my boy — say it is not true ! You might lmvo come hack to your grandfather before, Daryl— why didn't you? \- — for tho years gono by without you have seemed very long to us, my lad— yon might, have come back before. I'm got such on old, old man— I'vo wanted you iu many ways— wanted you bad ly sometimes. Do not die, Daryl ; but now you ore returned, stay a little whilo with your poor old grandfather — he will not- trouble you long. And there's money for yon in plenty, if you want it — in plenty. Marion docsj't Want it— she has enough of her 1 own: 1 Take a blank cheque, Daryl lad, and fill it in as you \- please— four figures if you like — I won't grumble — 110, 110; and by-gpnes shall bo Ty -goncs, you know j we'll never speak of- 'cm, and— arid' we'll ihakoja,' fresh : start, Duryl— wc'ilbegin all. oyer ' again.' ' Daryl,' I said, with iny lips pui.ciosii 10 .ma cur— you iiparr The Squire, your grandfather— our grandfther, dear— mcaim to be kind. ' Ho is lmrd 110 longer. Ho forgives.' Tho tortured look' was nearly gono from tho face of my hus band ; an expression of greater content and calm had lately Stolen over hnd < I'emhinbd. upon his features. ' And— and you, Pefriwinklo ?' bo breathed. 'Hush my poor darling!' .' ; . And in token of my forgiveness . ->if thefd was: afight -to. forgive — I-loid my face upon his. Miinon;Bversleigh, iii prayer, still (inoit.with her face hidden; Tho old Bqilifp .was still", prattling nu'd shedding, sou'ilo 'tears)" and drying them now . and then in senilp fashion, there in .the/chintz covered ' arm-chair .whero wo had at first set him down by Daryl's pillows, wheir the door of' the room onco mo'ro opened noiseless ly, and-1 then Mrs. Jesstimy said softly— ' ' Mr. Leigh Eyersleigh.' Ho catno straight to tlio bed head and bent over Daryl. ; 'Thank Hea you, dear 'old follow I'm. not too late !' - A last flicker of, strength, stir red the pulses::. of Dory 1 - l)nrk- \yobd.' ;'II6 stared . rather '".Avildly upward into Leigh Evorsleigh's compassionate eyes, mnd, ;!.said hoarsely— ' Leigh! . . . You, (old;' man, is it ? Always a good friend to both of us ; . our "best friend. Take caro of my poor wife— 1 have not treated her well, I know. . . .1 loved her, though -r-I loved her. . And— and. Lqigh, you win ncip.iicr, -won't you, an you can ?' 'I will — Heaven hear me! Daryl, listen, ' ;he said, with an emotion he tried in vain , to eeii- trol — 1 that same heaven who now hears us, around whose bright throno I liopo and pray from tho bottom- of 'iny heart that wo all of us shall.. 0110 .day meet again — but novcr then,- old follow to ho I again parted— has' been more merciful than you can guess. Daryl, it was Blower Eversleigh, your own v.- cousin, whom you found hi Moor Edge— the long- lost, long-mourned. Flower Evers leigh — not Flower Creed- — whom you took from that ovil abode' and made your wife before the registrar at Norlliininister. Con sequently your grandfather, Da ryl— dear old fellow, hear 111c ! — is her grandfather. Your aunt, 'v ir. ... illu OljUllL >) U«lli££lll(tl lUliJiOllj who' now' is kneeling lioie, pray ing for you iu this room, is— is none other than her own mother — do you understand tnc?— veri ly her own mother.. Time, Daryl, has righted a great and cruel wrong ; and Flower Eversleigh — Flower Darkwood — is at last re stored to her own people: After long years she is beneath tho roof of her old homo again — at Bed- ltuights at last !' .'ileaven is good'.' was nil Daryl said, and that was his last breath. A long-drawn sigh, as from one who is weary and is falling asleep, a smile of bright joy breaking over his now tranquil features, a scarcely perceptible quivering of his long eyelashes— and Daryl, with his dark head lying heavily upon my bosom, was dead. - > # # . » # Someone most lovingly was guiding my blind footsteps away from that chamber of death. TTnmi flio iltvocltnlrl nP if mntiw J' > ©w,1,e> out, I paused instinctively, slip ping dowuwavd forsupport against the firm arm behind inc. My strength was all spent, I could uo longer stand alone. 'I have known it — I have felt that it was. true,' I murmured. ' Oh, my beloved mother !' 'My own child — my own sweet daughter !' answered the dear voice, as though speaking afar ofF iu some blissful dream- land. Ah, wcro we among the living, or among departed souls ? Were wo indeed upon earth, or were wo together in heaven. It was I who sank senseless in to my mother's arms. She, in her great love, after all, was tho stronger of tho two. » . ' . # , .« ... Some few hours later— I think itjwas abouf \sunsbt-Mhp Squiro was. missing and could not he found. He had cunningly, con trived to give Buoklb tho slip— nuu uis rooms wcro cmpry. uoiir sternation "filled tho whole house hold. They scorched for him in vain everywhere. , Tho humbler domestics wero awe- stricken— scared the presence of deuth in the great still house hod already robbed' them of audiblo speech. They -crept upon tip-tie, they spoke with bated breath. \- At length Mrs. Jcssumy, 111 conference .with Buckle:, started. A th ought occurred to licr ; and she-said — '. "v ' W.o shall find him iu— in that l-odnii. IConielC I And' tho faithful- daliio was right.;;,. .... . .>v; - 0\. liiO/.tliore,: . safe, enough; they discovered the.- aged Squire, all t'ldiio eiouuhed by tH'e bedside holding fast tho hand of his dead! grandson within his own. And when ' they reverently par ted those two dead hands a small slip of tinted paper fell ruslljng lightly from between them. A ; a glance they saw that it was a cheek. The wriiing upon it was hardly legible, being the thin quavering scrawl of the poor old Squire hiniself. Everything was duly filled jn— everything, that is, bat tho amount to he cashed ; and that had beon.loft to Dury 1 Dorkwood's pen. /; So tho old man' lifid stolen bank fd.thntvquie.t room — -once nmro in tliis touching fashion, to tell his grandson lie was really . forgiven. eitAPrEn xxxvi. ' It will lie fine tu-morroiy ; we shall have tine weather for our journey, Flower,' iis'she stand in tno utislt at a window ut the white, drawiiig-roomj gazing 'rlither an xiously at the fast darkeuiag landscape. 'The wind bits gone round to the north-west, and the few stars 1 can sen over Ihe river yonder arc coming put beautiful ly clear." ,F joined my mother at tho fire- lit window and looked out too. Wo stood there together; in bur heavy mourning garments,'' and witli our ilrms about each other's waists, morn indeed like two most intimate friends —between whom there eau novel come a shadow, never lie a ghost of a secret, '.thim: mother and daughtnr. But then tho boundless- lo vo between us was in reality no ordinary love. Wc wero, in truth dear friends as well as parent and child. - . ' TI10 .weather shiill not hinder us, my mother, since it is your wish 10 go,- a.auswcreu; uniting lyith a- tenderness which , did hut veil the deeper feeling in my soul — 'Henceforward, iu storm or in sunshine, in winter or in summer, I shall always bo with you to tako caro of you, dear, come what may.' ' My Flower, my own darling!' she pmriiiured passionately ; and iii silence she laid her head 011 my shoulder. 'Heaven is good,? those had been Daryl's lust words on earth. Never, never inpre, I had vowed, should they slip froni nVy inemoiy. They wore ongraveu now upon my heart. Every hour of our lives, 'my mother and I, did wo humbly thank, heaven that wo had both .of us been spared, so mercifully spared, to meet each other upon this side of the grave. It might lmvo boen cruelly other wise — one might lmvo been taken, tho other left — but it was lint so. After long and fateful yi ara — years of separation and of suffer ing—wo had lived to meet and to bo together upon this fair oarlli below. And when things go well with us iu this world what is there in it sweeter than life ? In that one most bouutiful word " Life" arc not all possibilities comprised ? It was November; and more than three, weeks had gone by since wo had put our dead mit of sight. That had iudced been a gloomy day for Bedknights— our buryiug-dny— on which tho an cient mausoleum, all weather- stained and lichen-grown, in Hazel churchyard had been opened to receive the mortal remains of old Squiro Darkwood and his grand son Daryl. Yes, it was a sad and gloomy timo— a time of mourning, of genuine sorrow ; but Leigh Evers leigh, who liiid stayed on at Bed knights.. until after ( tho .funeral, had- been to us-r-to my mother nnd-.uie— in fact, - to tho whole be wildered household— as -a verita ble tower of strength. "What we should. lmve done without- him at this, dark and difficult time I do not know— it word hard to say. But, tho funeral. ovor, Tib left us und went bnok to London. Nopersuasibn on our pnrt would induce liim to stop longer with us down in Buckinghamshire; nor lmd wc seen ought of him sinco. Howovor, on (ho morrow wo should 680 him again, for my mo ther and I would be leaving Bod- knights in tho early morring and Leigh Eyersleigh had promised to meet us in town at King's Cross Station, in order to accompany us on; our northern journoy, ; Fot, wo aro going to Stony lmmptbn. ' ... '/ . 0 . The old Squiro in his timo had nindo iniiny wills— many and va rious— but flothing of its kind could well ho shorter or plainer than that last 0110 of all which ho had left behind him. It had been drawn' up and da ted by his own' solicitors in Hoi- born immediately aftor the mem orable iky — now sevon or eight years gone by— when had occur red tliut last bitter quarrel be tween grandfather anil . grandson, and when Diiryl Darkwood, proud, defiant, and reckless, hud quitted ltodknights; .never, as both the old man and the young man then believed, -.to re-enter Ihe -doors which had. been shut against him. In old Squire Dark wood's brief last will everything lie possessed in; tho world; both inonoy and bind, 'witli tlio exception of the hiindsqujO; legacies which I10 be queathed to all- the old Bedknights servants — so that (ho .patient and much enduring . Bucklo had at length' rortped tiiu reward ho hon estly merited— -'had b'eeii left sad dled? liy . uo irritating condition Whatsoever, .to his daughtor Ma rion Eversleigh. . Not onco.in tho document, was tho .uanio of Daryl Darkwood mentioued. Therefore, lis the blil SquiroTiad boeii aii ex ceedingly wealthy" lnun, and a thrifty one into tho' liargiiiu, my mother, as the solb inheritor — or solo inheritrix, 'as>:tho ; lawyers call it — now that her father was dead, had become an extraordina rily rich- woman.' T r, " ' / . " .' For your sake; my cliild, I re joice,' slio said, straining mo to her bosom — ' hardly for my own ; why should I ? -My fortune is ample— I hud more- than. enough for;,mysolf before. -'Frequently has your grandfather, when he was perchance more than usually mhrm ana querulous, threatened to leave tho whole of tho Bed knights property to some renown ed London hospital, or to bequeath it for the building and suppoetof ane upon a vast scale in his own county. Yet in those duys, when ever I chanced to hoar him say this, 1 used not- to mind. Did it in tho least matter what became of Bedknights and its wealth, since Daryl, the rightful heir, was to havo none of it ? No, 1 said, wearily, it did not signify. 1 myself wus ill— in all likelihood might die evon -bofovo my father — -1 had so little to live for. Lot it all go. But now — all, now ovoryf jiing is is changed. Every thing is so . different, so wond rous! different from what it was. 1 have found you, iny darling, whom; at any rate iu -this 'world, 1\. never thought to look upon again ; and therefore unspeaka bly do 1 rejoice, Flower, to" think that it lies within my power to make you very riqb.' £ at a AAaa La 1 - - .1 \juv van uu nappy, uear mo- ther. without heiug rich,' said I, smiiiag. .Long and earnest weie the talks wo had together, alio and I, in tlose sweet kid days of our ex traordinary reunion. Naturally, tho very curious history of my past life — tho romance of my earlier youth,., my strange mar riage with Daryl; and my won derful return to my old homo — had spread throughout tho length iui(l breadth of Buckinghamshire, had gone, liko tho proverbial wildfire, to tho north, tho soiitli tho cast, aiid tho west of the bounty; and from -all quarters did our neighbours como flocking — calling at. Bedknights' .with congratulations and condolences in the same breath. ; Nearlykll of Them, I suppose, could romomher Daryl Diiril wood and his wild youth distinctly uiiongh ; though I fancy but few of ""them of lu to years liiid soon anything. of the old; Squiro him- 0U11. Nevertheless my -mother and I were at present in no mood for callers or ordinary visitors' of any denomination, aud, we shut our selves up resolutely from this kindly-meant invasion ; and so tho peoplo left their cards in shoals at the great entrance-door of Bedknights — some of thorn bearing sympathetic messages scribbled in pencil : — and drove away in their comfortable family chariots, doubtless not a little disappointed at the result of the errand upon which thoy had set out. To such old- neighbours and friends of the family, however as thoGavestons of Gaycston Priory- or tho Hursts of Hazoi Manor, house, wo sent down Mrs. Jessa- my for a fow minutes' chat ; aud then bo suro she told them all they wanted to know. Mrs. Jessamy now declared that, everything considered, she was not in tho least astonished at much that had come to pass ; and she had always seeu a something in my face, said she, which had reminded her of tho late Captain Eversleigh. Qf course I told my beloved mother everything I could recol lect that related to my strango past — beginning with my earliest reminiscences of horrible Moor Edge, whero Daryl Darkwood had first met mo and liad chris tened mo 'Periwinkle,' and end ing with an account of my warm frionship for Viscount and Lady Tracy. " 'Their kindnesses to mo hod been manifold,' I said earnestly ; ' and soon. I bono, dear mother. you will see them and liko them too — they aro so good and triio. to liE CONTlXtED. " You look troubled, old innn." "I urn. My wifo litis thrnti toned to loavo mo, nnd I on) lifi-nid.aho won't." Johnnie : " What'o; the mutter, Oussiu f Ypa look quito .worn out." Oiisaio (woorily) . ".I'vo twon vimtiugn young coupto-.wiih Uieiv Drat hnby.V . _ " I huvo se'ou bettor ' days," . begun tho beggor. :. ' "So luivo I.' snid tho pasaor-bv, hastily. " Iliit I don't think this rain wil lost long." Mr. Cobb roeontly married Miss Wubb IIo know tlioy wero mount for ouch other tho moment lie spied hor. 