ASTOUNDING LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CUBE. DOCTORS PROwQUNUltD'CASE HOPELESS . HELD TO BE SORRY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OVER A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIMOh V. From the Australian Workman.) Our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45, Crown- lane, Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is one of the best known residents of that thickly populated suburb. He was discovered nursing a baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney, In reply to: the preliminary questions, he said : "You want to know all about my cue ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering ?" " About five-and-a-half years ago I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. From the date of the accident my health began to fail, and after four years of gradual development of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island. ' " What were the symptoms? " "Simply Indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like M if a law were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. " I came home and went to bed and have been in bed pretty well ever since, A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to erase the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxia, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in coordinating vi January movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the nee rf mv legs " (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible ) " Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped and an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams'' Pink Pills for Pale People I road in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and r. st I had for many a day It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. When taking the fifth box, I was able to walk about with the aid of a stick, and was gradually but. surely recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches thorn ? They are perfectly new, and I have never need them. They were made for me before I put the Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." Mr: Jarvie, who had crime in and taken the baby on her knees, said " Dr. Williams'' Pink Pills saved his life and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a short time back. I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs I expect shortly to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade, I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I describe all the change and benefit to them Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and Morphia Pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. "Every- body who knows rice has been amazed at the change in me, They can hardly believe their eyes. Mv being about again had caused quite a sensation out here." WHAT MR I.ABODR.LFADER McGOWEN KNOWS. Mr. J. S. T. McGowen. M.P., leader of the labour party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was also open in connection with the remarkable case of Mr. Thomas Jarvis. He says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs owing to a malady which he developed He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, at his case had been pronounced incurable, Mr. McGowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams'' Pink Pills for Pale People do not stop short at the cure of locomotor ataxia ; they positively cure rheumatism, sciatica, herbage, and neuralgia, and Influenza evil, after effects, and are a oper life for all diseases of women, such as anrcmii,poor and watery blood, female free RuUrities, nervous headache, and hysteria. They are not a purgative medicine, but brace up and permanently strengthens the whole system, Dr. Williams'' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists. or from the Dr. Williams'' Medicine Company. Queen's-place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps or post order. 1 bog far 2s'. 9d. or half-dozen for 106\. Mt , ' i 