THE FEDERATION QUESTION. (To the Editor) Sir, — For Bwagger and side the letters of correspondents to the Sydney dailies upon federation just now tske the cake. The other colonies are freely described by these short-sighted Sydney patriots as ' com pa?ative mushrooms ' and ' Impecunious crippleB ' and so on, which for Now South Wales to associate herBelf with will be an act of utmoet self-abnegation and conde scension. The following bit of blather is a specimen of how prominent politicians of other oolonies are being insulted in this correspondence by men who ought to have more sense : — ' Taking them at their worst,' Baid one gentleman, ' we know that t) comparo our responsible Ministers with the typo of persons who have mostly borna rule in some other Australian colo nies any t'me these dozen yeara would be to subject them to gratuitous and un deserved insul'l' These pecple are paving the way grandly for federation. Compare, for instance, tho United St«tes. In regard to wealth and natural advantages, who will say that the wealthiest of them is not the better off by being an Integral part of that great federation? .Disunion, an tagonistic tariffs' and commercial rivalry havo been tho bane of llie colonies, and t- seoure union Sydney may surely be expected to make some little present Sacrifice for tho sake of tho larger good whioh through federat'on must como to all. Ons would take less notice of tho correspondence if it were not so evidently being backed up by the Sydney press. Since the depression hit Melbourne so hardly Sydney men have been riding the highest of high horses, and — the truth might as well be told as not — the freetraders of Sydney don't want federation. They consider themselves so ( well off with their harbor, and their present domination of the colony that they can see hothing to gain and little to wish for, and with tho metropolis of the mother colony in this temper, and the certiinty that at the Con vention this colony will be represented solely by Sydney men (for the country has not' the ghost of a chance of putting in a provincial candidate) there^ is to my mind very little prospeot of any workable soheme of union being arrived at. It will end in a fizzle unless the other colonies allow New South Wales, or rather Sydney, to come in on her own terms. Mr. Reid tries to escape a portion of the difficulty by proposing that the Federal Capital should be movable from one colony to another, but, as the Sydney Telegraph puts it, ' there is no necessity to deal violently v'ith the soheme. Ib may be safely trusted to die a natural death.' Probably no one knows this better than Mr. Reid himself, biit on the whole tho Premier's manifesto is comprehensive and able. Its cautious and non-committal character is what might under the circum stances have beep expected, for in Mr. Eeid we have never had anything approach ing enthusiasm in the federal cause. It seems to ine that while the common senti ment of' Australian nationality is so weak, and the absolute need for union felt to be so slight, the warmth and enthusiasm whioh would fuse us into one people cannot exist. Federation is no doubt the best thing and the right thing, but if it is to be inaugura ted by the mon who. now seem to have it in hand, it will not count for much in the general advancement of Australia. It would be a marriage without love, and the avil of that is unfortunately a matter of daily experience. If the people of the solonies have no broad patriotio love for aaoh other as Australians they had better remain apart. AUSTRALIAN. At the Police Court on Tuesday, before Mr. H. S. Bingle, J.P., Albert Oessor, for cruelly to a horse, was fined £2 or one month in gaol, .with hard labor. On Wed nesday James Gurry was fined 10a, with 4s lOd costB, or seven days, for obscene language. Foj disobeying a Bumraonu he was admouished. 