C|ft 'W£wt~%mtxidmn. VIQILANS ET AUDAX. PERTH, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1397. A century of years has completed its course since the first "theatre" -was set up in Sydney, where on January 16, 1790, the prisoners of the Crown, who had, by special permission of the Governor, " prepared a playhouse," opened that édifice with a performance ot The Revenge. The disorders not un- natural in the circumstances com- pelled Governor Hunter to revoke his licence after a very brief period, but Sydney has never since been long with- out a, recognised temple of the drama, albeit that until within the last twenty-five years the performances have generally been superior to the place of which they have been tho attributes. Melbourne had its first theatre in 1841, within half a dozen years of its foundation, and the veteian actor, George Coppin, who still takes an active interest in theatrical busi- ness, was a member of one of the earliest companies to appear -within its walls. Brisbane and Adelaide have long been similarly provided, and in Perth alone, of tho Australian capi- tals, have dramatic representations had a " name " without a fe local habitation." This deficiency has been, however, at last supplied, and the Theatre Royal i« reported to be îeady for almost immediate occupation. The company which will inaugurate its opening is now on the way from Sydney, and the house will be opened at Easter-tide, and, if all that is stated of the preparations be verified, we shall be able to console ourselves with the reflection that, if we have waited long for a theatre, we have at last been provided with one that was worth waiting for. Few will be found in this piogres sive age who will venture to depreci- ate the great interest and value of high-class theatrical representations, nor will it be denied that the produc- tion of these is a moral impossibility unless a proper arena for them he pro- vided. The finest of ordinary halls is but a makeshift in which actors and audiences alike are never entirely at their ease. The actors realise that the illusions which form an important element of their work cannot be pro- duced without the accessories of a proparly appointed stage, while the majority of the audience, losing sight occasionally of the details, thereby miss perhaps the chief claims of the actor's art. It says much for the capability of those performers who have visited this city already, and much more for the appreciative qualities of their audiences, that many 1 dramatic reproductions of a highly [ enjoyable character have been given in Perth in spite of these deficiencies. I "Whether the present arrangements fulfil expectation or not, it is at leaat certain that more perfect re I presentations will be possible than | hitherto has been the case. Mrs, James Brown-Potter and Mr. Kyrle j Bellew, for instance, will appear under far more favourable con I ditions than were possible to Miss | Janet Achttrch and Mr. Charlts Car- rington, amongst professional players, or to the Perth Amateur Operatic Society, whose admirable performances I will remain evergreen in the memory of those who witnessed them. It is also certain that the resources of the theatre will be fully tested.since the opening season is announced to include the visits of companies devoted to melodrama, comic opera, classic and romantic plays, farcical comedies and pieces of composite character such as have beeu made popular by Mr. G. R. Sims and his co-workers. The theatrical menu of which Perth is invited to I partake during the first three months ranges from the choicest dishes of Shakespeare and Sardou, on the one hand, to those of Mr. Charles Hawtrev. on the other, with ft goodly assortment of Gilbert and Sullivan, Lfcocq, Planquette, and Andran as entrees. The ghosts of Macbeth and Julius Cosar must bide their time ; but Romeo and Jitliel and As Yon lalee It bocb. admirable specimens of the best work of our immortal bard- will soon appear upon the play bill. Shakes- peare will, therefore, shortly be seen in his most poetical aspect, if not in his grandest and most severely tragic moods. Tue favourite artistes of the eastern colonies, with some who have attained great popularity both in Great Britain and Americft, will appear before us in their most successful impersonations, and in this respect we shall be placed on a simi- lar footing as our friends ou the other side of the continent. There is very little difficulty now in maintaining the educational utility of the stage. When the curtain rises upon " a public place " in " fair Verona," we no longer see, as our | fathers saw, a well-known and familiar " fiat " with mediocre per- formers fretting and faming their ' hour upon the stage in the rain endeavour to recite intelligently the lines of the great dramatist, while a number of " supers " clumsily pre- tended to carry out an ill-rehearsed ] quarrel. To nil that Sir Henry Irvino fifteen years ago, gave the , coup de grace. When he recast the whole of the surroundings of the tragedy, he had Verona literally repro- duced. Sketches, taken on the spot, of mediaeval houses and streets, skil- fully combined, formed the back-1 ground ; the costumes were such as the pre- Raphaelite painters loved to depict; and the individuality of the performers | was carefully subordinated to those of the personages they had to represent. Little wonder is it, therefore, that ithe Irving reformation has become the model on which all later perfor- mances have been based. And what- ever the theatre may once have been there can be no doubt that it now serves as a school of manners, of de- portment, and of correct methods ot speech and gesture. The artistes, even if originally ignorant of refinement and culture,learn in an exacting school how to assume those attributes, and few indeed are the spectators who can leave a really well performed and well monnted modern drama without hav- ing received some hint by which they may profit. In the last twenty years the drama has made great strides in Australia. Such managers as Messrs. William- son and Musgrove, Messrs. Brough and Bouctcault and Mr. George Rignolp. have steadily worked until they have brought the average stan- dard of representation almost up to the level achieved in London. This, it need scarcely be said, was no light task when the outside run of a piece in the colonies could only be a matter of four or five weeks, whereas in the antipodes a run of many months would be thought to indicate not much more than a moderate suc- cess. But the difficulty was, notwith- standing, surmounted so thoroughly that many of the prominent European artistes who have latterly visited Aus- tralia have expressed surprise at the excellence of the article demanded by the public and supplied by (the man- agement. Now that Perthhasatheatre of its own, it is more than probable that we shall shortly share with the Eastern colonies in the enjoyment of those theatrical triumphs. After all, the "Western metropolis is but four days' journey from Adelaide, and it is more than probable that the goldfields cities at their present rate of progress will soon add to the inducements which the capital now offers to dramatic and operatic companies. At first the attractions of Western Austral'a may be insufficient lo tempt the large and complex organisations whose properties are reckoned by the toa and whose com- panies are counted ia scores. Time will, however, remedy what after all is but a partial loss. Many of the most powerful of modern dramas require but from seven to ten actors. Caste-perhaps the best and certainly the most popular of the Robertson plays-has bat seven. Forget-me~Nat, in which Miss Geneviève Ward, made two triumphant tours of Aus- tralia, has no more, and a single scene often suffices for the entire action. Consequently there is reason to hope that our first proscenium may rapidly become the means of a permanent and an everincreaaingsourceof intellectual enjoyment. That the Theatre Royal will receive immediate and hearty support from the West Australian public may be taken for granted. And it is equally certain that so long as this recent addition to our public institutions deserves success so long will it assuredly command it. 