The Shadow oa Wrong. OHAETEIi X'. BEHIND A MASK. Aboa^ four hour? after they* bad Blor,tod from the doctor's house they, arrived at tlio goto of the farm. Bob pot on* of tbe gip, throw tho gato oponf and- want to the horse'8 brad. Tbo. watch dog borued Horeely, ana ihe'dog.8 ^itli.out, the. house itproodiately jpiuod.inihowUpg.ohorofl. T,ho. duotorjumped to. .'-the. ground? and . unbuttoned, bm cloak, vbioh. then hunjr loosely about him. Ah Bob led tbo horse round 'to ' tho stable the dp.ctor~walkadiup.to the door- of tlio bonso. Ho paused for a moment whou ba.h&d; reashedi the poroh. Ho.tnado a linlf-tnrn an if he. w -a going back to the rJk for something he; had for(rotTan.~ The dim* light of tlio Btarai made tbogarden shrobs appear Hie fsntattioi ghost*, and the thiok ify on the porch scemodj to; be crownBd withiittle impis-' faces gnu-, nfng and laughing at the tall' figuro of the, dfcotor, Tho door iiumediaioly opened, and, jfrs. Linlcy appGftrfld'with a bipdle. in onoj hand, and with : tho other endoa»oring{ to, kfep tbo wind from blowing out tbe lujfbt. Tjhe dootor saluted her. ? BIobb, mo Doctor Broaden — glad' to see you— ?'honght jpV Woul.d never arrive — bu\ oome.in, ooiuo in— tbjn gat die will be oat in BJminate.' Tbe. dootor outored. the house and tbo door ojosed; :; ' The figure of an old man stepped out, from the side of the porob, wbpre hoitiail evidently beon aianding, watobintr tliedootor, ' ' Will he spare her now? — will hoBparaber now V. mattered, the old uinn, wringing- hie h;and8,and shrinking, book jintju tho, sarronndf ing. durkftOfa., CHAPTER XII. THE SHADOW CLOSING IN. ° fVrMxp. Linley^was- in, a .flatter. She had a special admiration for' Dr Broaden. She looked upon him a« tbe embodimout of all poodnesi and skill. Besides, hn had attended Mary when; she was ill.wiih.ihe meailes, and the Kn°dl dame oomideredi that hisj icionce bad saved her daugh'er'a life. Again, he . had. early taken an interest in her son. George, : to whom be aoted'as a guide io his- medical atudieo. They shook hands. Tbe doctor inquired for. Mri Linley, senr., and regretted that; his . old friend was from home. The dootor took ofi his hat andoloak, and, like a person well aeqaaiotediwith tho. ways of the house, hung them up in the hall. The danao then led : him into the parlor, where a brisk fire was blazing, and everything had an air of oomforti Tbe^dbotor seated himself by. the firo, and, in that quiet, thoughtful way of bis, commenced 'to Warm bis- hands and ru t- them together. TbeV; began a shower of questions on the lady's part ai to her son. ?And bow is- George, 'Dootor?1 ''Well, Mrs. L'.nley, and likely to continue so, I am glad to inform you.' : 1 1 hftve,8uoh fears (or that, boy, .dootor ; it almost dirturbs my rest at., nights, to tbinkiof his delicate ohest. You know, dootor, he was always' delicate about the whatyonmaycall *em organs.' ? The dootor. bo wed and smiled as if he per feptly; understood all about the whatybu may-oall 'em organs. .. ' Bn'.horw is.tho yonnff Judy, who is ill ? ' influirodUhe; doator, )OBt(as the dame was about to lanockout into a cross-examination ai to the doolor;sfown;b^ajlh and that of his lady. ^ ' '' ' ''Ah, poor ohild,' replied Mrs. Linley, ' she is in a sad state 1' 1 HnninJiJ— -what are the .symptoms,?' : ' Oh- 1 don't know eraotl.y ; nowsho'e one thing, and the next time quito different.' 'la, she weakj' ' Vory—ican't even sit ap in bed for a mjiiufiB).'' ' 'Do yon kno^» the cause of her present illness?' 1 Nor— except that . just before she oame hero, tho poor' ohild w'alkflri an awful dia tancp, and she's never boon better ttinoe.' 1 All— iver.exei;Uon, I presume V ' Yesi something of that'iort.' Tbe dootot flaid ,* Abu' rubbed his hands together, and looked into, tho fire »8i if he saw a very satisfactory explanation of tbe ma^er thore ;: thonjookodup.a^, ftfra. Lin ley as if a new^idea. had struck him. 1 Is tbe lady any frieqdi of yours?!' ?Oh» lor, no; I dnn'tv know, anything about* her, any more than you do. We haven't i been able, to a»k.. her auytbing, she's been; so .ill ever, since.- she name ; and1 the old. man that's with bpr wou't tell us ?nyjhfpgf* . ? Wbere djld, .they come from ?' 'There,,! oan'.t say, again.' The doctor looked into' tbo fire again, but this time as if he woro Reeking for some-. ?thing, tyojt finding if, ho asked, without withdrawing his eyrs from-the fire : ? Have yon jno,ideB;wbore. she comes from,,?' ' Well, I don't: know how it is, but nomo how, I'.fanoyaha,t they como from your. place, Oavorford/' The;d.opforJ)fighteaed up immediately. He'oaased the band-friction prcoesB, and, Iqpking, np, to itheidaaje, observed,: ? Ah I I think, I know your, guests, Mrs. Linley.1 ???'''' ' ' ';? ? Eh 1 dreary me, do you, now V 'I tbink so, but I maybe mistaken. ?'How- aver, .yon must ask me no questions about them-; and yon must not be surprised ' if I should take, them a way from yon,' Tbo good Damo Linley opened her dyes and, month, in blank amwement,, 4 Why,, they, haven't, clone anything, dootor?' ' Humph ; you mustn't inquiro too parti* euUrlir just now, Mrs. Ljnley.' 1 Wefli no, of coarse riot ; ; I wont ask yon any question — only they haven't committed a murder, or something terrible,, have they, now V inquired Mrs. Linley, in a state of intense exoitemont. ? There, now !' replied the: doctor, with o deprooatory motion of his bands ; ' you aro jnst doing what you promisod not to do.' ?.No, no, of coumo. But they haven't iranN away with themselves V aho-sikod, Under her. breath. 'That is prooiBoly wlnt they bavo done.' * Qoodnais graoions I' ' Hash I yon must eay nothing at pre eonti* interrapted the doctor deoisivoly | but, with the bland imile, tamiog.hie peremptory vordi into playf alaoss, he oontlauod, ' Will jou show me to the room, of my patient P'r (To t»? Continued.) '' 