QUESTIONS ANSWERED. TO CONTRI WJTOrtS. The Editor cannot guarantee to return rejected MSS., lut If sufficient stamps are forwarded to cover postage, rejected contributions will i£ noKslblii be returned to the senders. The Editor cannot enter Into corres pondence concerning rejected contributions. Reports of local events will not receive attention unless they are sent through an agent for the paper. Double-flowering Buttercup-Candelo: Al though the doubie-ilowering buttercup is a very interesting pin ut it is not uncommon. Conveyance of Mails-J. B. (Bathurst): What amount is paid annually for the con veyance ol' mails to anti from Brewongle and O'Connell Plains?-£30. Interest in Mining Lease-P. H. (Wyalong): What age must a boy bo before he can hold j an interest, in a mining lease?-- The Mining j Act does not contain any limitation as to age. Assays and Examinations-W. T. (Wynd ham): Before your sample can he assayed it will he necessary for you to state the locali ty in which it was obtained, and to give any other particulars you can concerning lt. [ Hair Falling Out-Inquirer (Junee): The j cause is evidently constitutional, and yon i should consult a doctor. As far as external j applications go, almost any of the advertised i restorers 'would, no doubt, prove suitable. To Remove Pith from Horns-Inquirer: Your question is not very clear, but you evi dently Avant to know how to remove the pith from the inside of horns. This is usually ac complished by soaking the horus in. boiling water, when the inside will invariably come out quite easily. Marine Engineers - Novice (Kempsey): There are three classes of marine engineers' certificates-ftrsr, second, and third. Pamphlets containing full particulars of subjects of examination can be obtained from the secre tary, Marine Board, Sydney. The price oí \ each pamphlet is ls. Veterinary Surgery-T. H. (Thornberry ¡ Park): The convulsive twitching ref erred to in your letter is the result of an attack of dis temper, especially among well bred dogs. - lt, the dog is not of a weak constitution, and the bowels are kept regular, a generous diet, fresh air aud water allowed, the convulsions gra dually leave as the animal gets older. Prospecting Protection Area-E. F. S. (Nana Glen): Is it legal for a person to hold a pro specting protection area on old abandoned ground, and adjoining a gold mining lease, from which payable gold ie being obtained? There is nothing In the Mining Act or regula tions to prevent a person holding a prospect ing protection area under these curcumstanees. Public Service Act-X. C. (North Sydney): The Public Service Act says that on retire ment (for any cause except dismissal) an officer shall receive one month's salary for each year's service. Does such retirement include voluntary resignations?~No ' definite reply can be given to the question asked. The matter in under the consideration of the Gov ernment. The Poultry Act-J. H. E.: I keep about 100 fowls and feed them on grain only. I sell all the spare eggs I have, but do not de pend on the fowls for a living, as I am em ployed elsewhere. Is it necessary for me to register under the Poultry Act?-As long as yon. continue your present style of feeding you need not register, as the act is at present administered. Wool-Washing Machine-P. S. (Gurley) : How much water is required to wash one bale of greasy wool with the Pestle wool-washing machine?-If you are limited with the use of water and require to use it over again, 1000 gallons will be sufficient. But ii' you have an unlimited supply of water and keep the same continually flowing through the machine 3000 gallons or more would be necessary. Dressing Sheep's "Trotters" - Subscriber (Beaconsfield, Tasmania): The proper way to dress sheep's "trotters" is to clean them well in scalding water, to each gallon of which an ounce of common washing soda has been ; added. If necessary, they may be rendered eweet and whiter still by welL rinsing them in weak lime water, followed by clear water. They will tihen be ready for boiling. Kangaroo Hunting-A. (Tweed Uiver): 1. Kangaroos are most numerous in the follow ing districts: Bathurst, Bourke, Balranald, Cobar, Coonabarabran, Condobolin, Dubbo, Forbes, Moloug, Moree. Mudgee, Narrabri, Tamworth, Tenterfield, Warialda, and "Wil cannia. 2. The prices paid for scalps vary in the various districts. 3. Wrhen sales are held in Sydney the prices are always quoted in our commercial columns. Shearing Tallies-Inquirer: Howe's shearing tally at Alice Downs, Queensland, is, we be lieve, the record for Australia. Ho we. did hot use the shearing machine, but operated with the hand shears. During one week he was credited with 1430, or a daily average for 5% days of about 2G1. On one day ho shore 321 lambs, all large frames. The gene ral averages of hand sheariug and machine shearing are, we think, about equal.. Remedy for Sunburn-J. It. (Gympie, Q.): ! Take G drachms avoirdupois powdered borax, %oz Price's glycerine, 12oz rosa water or elder flower water, and mix. Its daily use as a cosmetic wash renders the skin beautifully soft and white, and prevents and removes chaps, sunburns, etc. Vaseline is a good I thing to allay the irritation caused by sun j burn. A still better application is equal I parts of lime water and olive oil, well mixed ¡ together. j Driving Circular Saw-A. H. (Nowra): I . have a good circular saw and spindle, and there is plenty of good timber near me. 1 am about to build, and desire to utilise the saw in cutting the logs into boards. v Will the horse-power machinery sold in Sydney bo sufficient to drive the saw?-A horse-gear for one horse would not be sufficient, unless your saw is a very small one. A horse- gear for ; two horses would probably be what you want. These cost £19 without belt. The belt would probably cost from £1 to £2, according to tho length. "Fisher's Ghost"-Inquirer (Penrith): Can you tell me where "Fisher's ghost" is sup posed to have been seen?-The exact location Is Campbelltown. Fisher lived there, was murdered there, and his ghost, according to tradition, made his appearance there. It was said to have been seen by a settler named j Farley, who lived in the neighborhood, when : passing Fisher's fence late at night. The Penrith story owes its origin to the fact that John Lang's account of Ibo matter described Fisher as living at Penrith, but he did not profess to give facts. Toffee Becoming Soft-Subscriber (Coota { mundra): 1. Toffee, and boiled lollies general-; j ly, have a tendency to "run" and become soft Jin hot weather. In fact, operations have sometimes to be suspended in confectionery j works from this cause. The only remedy we can suggest is to keep the sweets in a coal place where the heat cannot affect them. 2. Thermometers for sugar boiling can be ob tained from any scientific instrument seller in Sydney. The.prices are as under: Hin brass or copper case, 7s 6d; 16iu brass case, 17s; 16in japanned case, 15s. Cream Cheese-A. S. (Tumut): Cream cheese is made from the "Strippings" (the last of the milk drawn from the cow. at each milk ing), from a mixture of milk and cream, or from raw cream only, according-to the quality desired. It is usually made in small oblong, square, or rounded cakes, a gentle pressure only (that of a 21b or 41b weight) being ap plied to press out the whey. After twelve hours it . is placed upon a board or wooden trencher, and turned-every day until dry. It ripens in about three weeks. A little salt is generally added, and frequently a little pow dered lump sugar. Fire Extinguishers-J. M. P.: The following is a recipe for making fire extinguishers:; Take 201b of common salt and 101b of sal am moniac (nitrate of ammonia, to be had of any druggist), and dissolve it in 7 gallons of wa ter. Procure quart bottles of thin glass, such as are ordinarily used by druggists, and lill them with the solution,, corking tightly and sealing, to prevent evaporation. Is nitrate of ammonia 'the proper chemical to use, and what, gas is liberated?-"Nitrate of ammo nia" should read "chloride of ammonia." No gas is liberated! The efficacy of the mixture depends on the liberation of vapors of sal am moniac. Parrot Eating Its Feathers-J. S. Picking; off the feathers is a habit which many par rots contract, and which is sometimes very difficult to cure. In the majority of cases over-feeding or injudicious feeding is the cause. The skin becomes heated and irrit able, the poor bird gets out of sorts, and in sheer desperation begins to pull its feathers out. One method of curing this unnatural habit Is to anoint the feathers with a stiff lather of carbolic disinfecting soap. Another method is to anoint the parts with an oint ment of one part sulphur, four parts vaseline or lard, every day. As a medicine give a teaspoonful of the following to each half pint' of drinking water daily: Sulphate of iron, j %oz; epsom salts, ^oz; strong sulphuric acid, j 30 drops; boiling water, 1 pint; dissolve, and strain through flannel, using only earthenware j or glass vessels, and avoiding metal spoons or stirring rods. Vegetable Growing-Ted (Black Jack): 1. What will prevent cabbages from getting small holes in them? The leaves are fairly riddled.-Perhaps caterpillars are infesting your cabbage plants. If so the following solution will destroy the pests: To one gallon of soapsuds add 2oz of kerosene; thoroughly mix the ingredients and apply the solution to your cabbages with a garden syringe or through a fine-rose watering can. Of course i this solution must not be applied to the cab bages less than a month previous to cutting on account of the smell. 2. Well-rotted farm yard manure or old horse and cow droppings, thoroughly mixed, would be about the best fertilisers for cabbages in a hot district like yours. 3. Good liquid manure can be made from guano. . It should not be made too strong, and must be judiciously applied. Liquid manure can also be made from cow and sheep droppings. 4. Any solution that would be strong enough to kill white ants would be likely to destroy the vegetables. 5. Without seeing a specimen of the pest that is eating the leaves of your orange trees it would be difficult to suggest a remedy. Plants Identified-J. W. (Tulcumbah): The botanical names of your plants are as follow: No. 1, Festuca bromoides, of little value as a foragè grass. No. 2, Danthonia pallida. This plant has been figured and described, in the "Town a nd Country Journal." You confirm all that wo have published about thia valu able pasturo grass. No. 3, Modicago denti culata, a capital forage plant, but tiie burrs are sometimes troublesome. No. 4, Medicago minbun. Thia plant is of very little value for forage purposes, aud its burrs are very troublesome. No. 5, Setaria itálica, "Millet." An annual grass which makes excellent hay if cut at the proper time. The seeds aro good poultry feed.-Bob (Hillgrove): The specimen you seat for Identification is not the true sarsaparilla, but a plant known to bo tanists as Hardenbergia monophylla. This pretty blue flowering plant is common in many parts of Australia.-J. L. B. (Kangaroo Val ley): The botanical names of the plants you forwarded are: No. 1, Indigofera Australis, Wilki.; No. 2, Goodia lotifolia, Salish.; No. 3, Breynia oblongifolia, Muell.; No. 4, Phyllan tlms gasstroemii, Muell. You say these plants are suspected of causing "red water" in cattle. Some time ago we published a list of plants, with descriptions, including those you sent us, that are said to cause "red water7' in stock, but several experienced dairymen scout the idea of plants being the cause, and attribute the disease to the water the oat tlc drink. There is, perhaps, no di i sense in cattle which bas caused so much con troversy amongst dairymen as "red water," I and probably no disease upon which there exists such a diversity of opinion. We are much obliged to yon for your interesting re marks. We shall always be pleased to name any good botanical specimens you like to send to this ollice. The Cloncurry Gold Field-R. Z. R. (Syd ney): 1. Is quartz reefing and alluvial mining carried on on the Cloncurry Gold Field, Queensland?--Yes; to a very small extent- 2. During 1S96 the output, of gold from the Clon curry Gold Field was: From quartz mines. 82Goz; from alluvial, G40oz. 3. What price is obtained for smelted gold?-£4 per oz. 4. What price is obtained for alluvial gold?-£4 per ox. 5. What is the estimated European population of the Cloncurry Gold Field?-.145. G. What is the estimated alien population of the Cloncurry Gold Field?-08. 7. What is ¡ the approximate annual rainfall on the Clon curry Gold Field?-The average rainfall for the past 13 years is 21.loin. S. What are the climatic conditions of the field as regards oe- j cupaliou by Europeans?-From the following particulars (obtained through the courtesy of the Registrar-General, Brisbane, and the Go vernment Meteorologist. Brisbane), it will be seen that the climate of the Cloncurry Gold Field is favorable to Europeans: In 1880 the population of the Cloncurry district was 1091, while tho number of deaths in that year was 13\. or a death rate of 11.92 per 1000 of popu lation. In 1S91 the population was 1211. The number of deaths in that year Ava s 13, or «i death rate of 10.73 per 1000 of population. { In connection with the foregoing, we would point out how misleading calculations based on such small figures are; as, although the deaths in 1880 and 1891 were the same, the slight change in the population of those years materially effects the rate. The population ot' the Cloncurry district has not been com piled since 1891, but the number of deaths in 1892 Avas 13: in 1S03, 14; in 1804. IS; in 1S95, Ki; and in 1896, 27. Tanning Hides for Leather-"Kilmuir": The process first attended to by the tanner is sim ply to soak the skin or hide in water; hides fresh from the animal may be said to be washed merely, as they remain in Ava ter only a fe AV hours; while hides which have been preserved by salting or drying, and especially j the latter, require soaking for a longer period ! in order to make them supple, anti beating or rubbing materially assists in "uringing them to the required condition. The softened or recent hides are laid in a heap for a short time, after which they are suspended on poles in a close room called a smoke house, heated somewhat above the common temperature by a smouldering lire. In these circumstances a slight putrefaction supervenes, which loosens the epidermis, and renders the hair easily de tachable. This method of removing the hair is by no means geueral. The plan usually adopted is to place the hides in a large vat or pit, containing milk of lime, in which they must he moved frequently to alloAV the lime to act equally on every part. When the men struum has taken proper effect, . the hair hs easily removed, and for this purpose the bide is spread out, and a blunt tool i« worked over the surface. The hair being removed, the' hide is Avashed in water to cleanse it from the lime, Avhieh must be most thoroughly effected. After removing the hair and washing the hides are placed on a coiiA'ex beam, and Avork ed with a concave tool Avith tAvo handles in order to remove any flesh or fnttty matter ' which may adhere to them; this being done, they are worked on the same beam, on the grain side, to drive out the grease and remove any remaining hair. The hides are next im mersed in a pit containing water impregnated with sulphuric acid, the acid varying from 1-500 to 1-1O00 of the mixture. This process is called raising, because lt distends the pores and makes the fibres swell, so as to become more susceptible of the action of tanning in fusions. Forty-eight hours in general suffice for this operation. When the hides are suili ciently "raised" they are transferred to a pit supplied AV i th a Avealc infusion of bark; here they are "handled" at first several times a day -that is, they are drawn out of the pits, or moved up and down in the liquor, to prevent the grain from being drawn into wrinkles. As the ooze, or tanning infusion, takes effect, they are put into pits containing stronger li quors, and after a month or six: weeks they are placed in a pit, in Avhieh they are" strati fied with oak bark, ground by. a proper mill Into a coarse powder. The pit Ia then Ulled with an infusion of hark. In a month or. five weeks the tanning and extractive matter of the bark will have intimately combined with the animal fibre; the pit, exhausted of ita virtue, must be renewed by taking out tba spent bark and repeating the dose as in the> . first instance. The hides which were placed at! the top of the pit at first are now put int« . tho bottom to equalise the action. In abouö three months this also is spent, and the pre cess being repeated two or three times morel ? the operation is complete. The hides aré now removed from the pit and hung up in ai shed. In the progress of drying they ara compressed with a steel tool, of a triangular, shape, with the sides scooped out, presenting; three blunt edges. The butt Ls afterwards laid upon a Hat bed of solid woodwork, and ¡tí weighted brass roller is worked backward and forward until every portion is suliicientlyj compressed. Miscellaneous-Monoceros: We should ad vise you to write to one or other of the pa tents agents advertising in this journal. Subscriber (Grahamstown): Your question will be answered in the sporting pages.-Selec tor: Before your question can be answered ife will be necessary for you to supply the fol lowing particulars: Have the e.p. and a.e.p. been brought under the act of 1884V If so, when was tho application made? In the ona caso the interest deducted would be 5 poe cent., and otherwise 4 per cent. Are your annual instalments respectively £20 and £3? -F. K. J. (Sydney): We have no means of obtaining the information you ask for. "Squatter:" Either of the reserves you men tion are in the parish or pastoral holding named. lieserve 70, which was notified oa August o, ISOti, is in the parish of Arthur's Seat; County Arrawatta, and is still in exisr tence. Reserve 70, notified on the same date, in tho parishes of Ashford and M'Donald, County Arrawatta, has been cancelled.-P. B. (Gladstone. Q.): Write to Messrs. Cowies," - --- Dunn, and Company. George- street. Sydney, stating the calibre ol' the ri tie.-W. D. M. : Your question will be answered in the "La dies' Pages."-Inquirer (Gayndah. Q.): Com- ? munica te with one or other patents agents advertising in this paper.-W. H. L. (Mud gee): See under "Answers to Correspondents" in the Ladies' Pages.-M. D. S.: In reference to the house you mention, a Mr. Kendall is, we believe, the present tenant. Mr. M. O'Brien was, we understand, the licensee at the time you ask about.-C. A. M. (Sunny. Corner): 1. As far ns we know, there is no tax on dogs hnp<-i:od into West Australia, but they may he liable to quarantine for a certa ia < period. 2. We do not think you would be» compelled to pay a tax if you were tnk>'\;: tho anima! ¡."arough to South A. nstraliai-^-J'.''* W. (Moree): 1. The six mon.' iis' bona-iidc resi dence is absolutely necessary. 2. If you are the person who selected ihe erigin;'1 e.p. yo» hold ai present, residence un any a.e.p. or <\- '. will be waived. 