FORE-WARNINGS OF DE1TH SOKE REMARKABLE CASES. rhere is a very interesting paper on presentiments—suggested, of course, by the terrible Paris fire—in that staid and reliable periodical, tbe Journal des Debats. It is from tbe pen of M. Henri Devarsille, tban whom there is no greater authority on. matters relating to hallucination, second-sight, obsession* and kindred sub jects. first the fact is noted that Mnie. Julie Garivet, one of the victims of tbe fire, bad a clear presentiment of her death. When she bade her friends good-bye on the morning of the fatal day it was evident that she never expected to see them again. She said that during the uit-hi she had suffered from a fearful nightmare,, and that she bad dreamed of being burnt alive. Equally singular was the recent experi ence of a Parisian doctor. This gentle mas wrs taking- a walk one afternoon when suddenly the thought struck him that liis bottse might catch fire during bis absence. There was apparently no reason why any such accident should take place ; neverthe less, the doctor hurried home, and, sure enough, as be approached tbe dwelling he saw volumes of smoke pouring from'one of tbe chimneys. Bushing- in be found that the flue in the room adjoining his own had caught fire. Thanks to bis presenti ment, be was soon able to quench the flames. Tbe Annales des Science Psychi ques recounts two similar examples of exceptional value. President Lincoln, it ' says, had an unerring presentiment that be would be assassinated: During the night preceding bis death be dreamed that he walked down a flight of stairs : whiuh were draped with black cloth. When he asked tbe causa of this mourning be was told that the president of the United States had been killed at the Opera House. He told Mrs. Lincoln of bis dream, and she begged him, but in vain, not to go to the theatre that evening. He smiled at her fear, and went calmly out to meet his doom. The second stoiy tecails the mysteri ous tragedy of Louis II. of Bavaria This mad monarch threw himself into the , Sternberg Lake, which surrounded his ■ palace, and dragged down to death with 1 him his physician, Dr. von Gudden, who had pluuged into the water in the hope of saving him. Now a few days before his death, von Gudden bad di earned that ! ho was struggling in the water while vainly trying to save another man. from drowning. He told bis wife about the dream, and after his death she told the 1 story to tbe Anthropological Society of ! Munic. Equally singular are the stories told about M. de Lerizolles. This gentle man was recently crossing a mountain at a little distance from his home when he suddenly received, as it were, a severe ; shock which plunged him into the deepest melancholy. He felt as though he had been struck with a clenched fist, and for a few moments his anguish was extreme. His first thought was that some terrible calamity had happened to him or bis family, and that be would hear of it on bis arrival home. He was right. Hardly , bad he crossed the threshold of his home when he received a despatch announcing the death of his father. On another occa sion I£. do Lerizolles was ti a veiling with his wife, and she remarked one mcuxing that she had not been asleep during the night, as she had constantly before her eyes her dear friend Mae. de B„ who according to the vision, seemed to be dying. As Mine, de B. was supposed to be in excellent ; health, M. de Lerizolles assured his wife ! that there was no significance in her wak ing dream. But his wife would not be con vinced, and, indeed, a letter came in a few days telling them of Mrne. de B.'s most unexpected death. Eight hundred cases, somewhat similar to this last one, are recorded in a book published some time ago in England. In each caso some person saw a ghost or apparition of some living rela tive or frieud at the precise moment when tbis relative or friend was ou tbe point of dying. If it were not i for a presentiment Mozart would pro bably never have composed bis immortal " Requiem." One day, while he was sitting alone lost in a. melancholy reverie, a stranger entered the room, and, laying a handsome sum of money on the table, requested him to compose a Bequieui" in memory of a dear friend who had just died. Mozart agreed to do so, and be began to work at once. Night and day ho labored with extraordinary zeal, until finally his strength gave way and he became ill. When his wife tried to cheer him up, he said brusquely—" It's no use. I composed that " Requiem* for myself, and it will be played at my funeral." Nothing could rid bis mind ol this idea. Nay, lie ivas even con vinced that the stranger was a visitor trom the other world, who had come to warn him of his approacbiug end. And so lut worked at the " R'tjiiiem' until it was finished, and when the stranger came for it Mozart was dead—Glasgow Weekly Mail. 