A.M.A. ENTERTAINMENT AT LYELL. [uy OUtt GOHMANSTON COIlUESrONUCNT.] The musical and variety entertainment organised by tlie Committee of the A.51 .A. Rt'tiornianstoii BUS held on Wolnesilay night, inn! iu spilo of the bad wealber there was a good attendance, and everything passuil oil suiontbly. Theeoncci-l ojienial with minstrel business, ami thu liitt song, sung by Mr. Davis, was well received and encored. Mr. Perks, in "The cliiekcu," fairly brought ihe house down, Mr, llcinioiL sang "Sum,_ my village i4ueen," withgiod efl'ecu " J didn't know till aflcnvards," hv N. Morton,ainusu.1 tlie auilioni-j; innnensely. " Save my mother's piutuiq from tlip sale," was relidci-ed iu gmnl stylu bv Jl)'. li, Kcjui. Mr. l'laistud proyukod lnuuli lauglitur in "They don t speak to olio another now." Mr. T. Hollow sang i "Whun other lips." in his usual taking slyle. Mr, M. Hollow gave ".Sonie day J"11 wander back." mill rueuiveil a well-ileserveii oneore. Mr. A. SI oil 011 was loudly applauded for his song, The goldon hail- was hanging down her back." The tirst pint was brought to a ulose bv X. Morton telling a good story about '•'ltroivii's lioi-so," A piaturfortu duut. wull iihtyed by Sliss Tlionipisoii and Mr. Phuhiug. oiieued the weoiiu pan. Mr. M. Hollow nicely veudeiwl *-J/0Ta'« old swoet song." Sir, 0. Morton, Mho is a olevei' comio vngalist, sang '' H does not inipnivu your appliance," which put evci vbody in good liumour. Captain Karr aniu'seil all with the recitation, "Slmmus O'llricn." nnd the singing of " tloine 10 my liem-t." bv Miss Tliuuipsou, sliowcil that Ooimauston jiosscsses some good Kileut nulling the gentle sex. •' Tbe holy city " was well given by Mr. Hollow," as was "Ora pro nobis" by Mr. 1'laisteil. Mr. Kcan displayeil his ability as au elocutionist, and Mr. l'crks was most amusing iu " 1 put my little bit towards it. 3 ' For an encore be sang " Hamlet. 1 ant thy father's ghost," but the audicnec demanded mule, aud be sang " llctwixt love and duty." Mr. Perks is quitean artist. Mr. T. Hollow made a neat s]ieecli. thanking tbe audience 011 behalf of tlie A.MlA. for their patronage. A Kidc-sjilitting farce brought the entertainment to a close, lt uvas called "The hloilcl'-lodgiiig^hnnsi-,!: anfj was well played,' ttc i-ha^Wfcrs being Mrfc i'ltjherty CMr. J. jiinips^riciOj: tlic new bfliinlpr (Mr. K. Moro'n);ol'V l™rd<!i-s' W<Ssi-s. A. Mo|lon and f. VliHst^lJ. * ' ' " ^ pleasant dfjiicq afterwards was well atrcndoii, )!i|'! too' nnt|:lf jiiaise cannot lie accorded to tiie committee for tbe grunt trouble tliey took to iualio tlie entei-tuiuuient a tuocoss. . Mr, Allmi kindly lent liisjiiaaa for the occasion. Mr. J'licloug deserves cmlit for his schooling o{ the choruses, 