THE DEAD LOVER. The streets of the little mining town, with their steep tide walks of flights of steps and inclined plains, were blight with lights and gay frith people. There was to be an old folks concert at the hall, and the young people who were to participate, in their quaint costumes of brocade and lace, had congregated, with mncb fun aud Uugbtcr, in the parlour of the one hotel, awaiting the time when thry were to make their entrance to tbe concert-room, the men from oue side aud the women from the other, in tbe way of days gone by. The enter tainment was to close with a dance, tbo old folks b; ing in costume The girls were Hitting about tbe room, now pausing before the mirror to touch a powdered lock or to glance at a velvet train. The > oung men, locking at first rattier eelf-conscious in their unaccustomed clothes, the ailk coats, ruffled sbirls, and short breeches, joined the mutual admiration society, and all was lively with jckfes and laughter and small rehearsals. A pretty girl with fluffy yellow hair ansl a white dress brocaded with silver was flittiug about among the groups, i nqniring— " Where's Tom ? Have jou set n Tom ? I do want to try our duet." " Lost Tom, Miss Amy ? " laughed Harry Hastings. I declare you sbc<idd take bcllec care of your property than that." " How do you know be is my property ?" " Ob, a little bird told mc. Now see here : if you'll promise me the second waltz to-night I'll go and look up tbe old fellow for you. Siot him since he dressed ? He ought to have lived in George Washington's time, he looks so well in those clothes." Tbe g;rl blushed and promised, and Harry started en bis queBt. There was some, confusion and quite a tittle crowd about a dqSr "farther down the ball, and as Hastings paused, Tern McLaughlin came from, the room beyond. He was a very handsome young man, though his face now looked white and solemn. I say, e-ld bey, what's the row P" the other called. " You're wanted by a certain lady. Why, you losk *s if you had seen a ghost." " I have seen a man die.'' ,l Patterson ?" " Yes." " Well, that's rough. Consumption, wasn't itP " Yes," said Tom, briefly. He made a motion to go in tbo opposite direction from the parlour. Hastings detained him. " Amy wants you." Tell her I'll be there presently." *' Well, don't be long ; we are going over to the hall vesy soon." Tom went up ta his room. The scene be had just passed through had put him out of tune with the gay doings abont bim. He could still see the set <yes end quivering chin of tbe man who had dnd, and be, too, was young. When be went down to the parlour Amy was th-.re alone, and decidedly cross. " I think it's too provoking of you, Tom ! " rhe pouted, fluttering her silver and white plumage. " They're all gone over, and there isn't time to try our duct. Where tutve you been?" " With pour Patterson : he has just died." " Ob. how dreadful! But I don't see what made you go a visiting sick folk on the night of our concert" sbe said p : ttisbly. The young man looked at ber in surprise. " Don't be cmss, dear," he said. " This thing .ha* about upset me." He was fastening bei cloak, and she made an impatient movement. I used to drc-p in (o see him every evening. The poor fellow was a stranger here, and lonesome. He came for his health. It cheered hiir up. be said, to bear what was going on, so tonight I weut in to let him see me in these things ; I thought it might amuse him ; but 1 found him just going." " Fearful! But Tom, we must hurry; they'i? be waiting for us." *' One moment. Amy. I want to ask yoc something. The poor fellow who died was expecting bis girl to-night in the midnight train. He sent for ber ; think what a shock it will be to Ler when the cosxs ! Would you mind if I went up to tbe station to meet her end try te make it a little easier ?" " Mind ! I guess I should ! Any girl would ! Why, it will be just supper time, and I don't want to be left without a partner." "I eould get someone—** " I don't wa:.t anybody but you. I don't belic-ve (bat girl is much, coiring ben: alone tc etc bim." " Would you not do it for me, Aa.y F* ' " Don't go asking borri l questions ! Mamma woul-in't think of letting me." " This poor girl hasn't any relations. She vrerfcs in Bn office, IVtterson told mc. He thought eveiythirg of her. I don't see haw ycu can help being torry for ber !" " Oil. 1 am! ' Now Tom. doa't be dis- Egies ible pouting. " Come, we must go !" T-.ni sighed, end they went out into the sucny strtiet. He could not feel in touch witb tbe gaiety. He found himself continually thinking 'of that young lifo just gone, of the young girl journeying on in hopeto fiad despair. Something crept into hia tenor solo (hatnuht which made people say. " I didn't know Tom McLaughlin could ring like (bat: it fairly made me cry." Amy bad recovered her good uature. She laughed and danced and flitted about like a fairy. % Tom took ber to supper and roused himself to join in the gay talk. She thought he had forgotten their little difference. In tbe dusky hall, cs they went back, she looked up at him with sbioiug eyes. " Tom," she whispered, " do yon know you're splendidly handsome to-night ?" For answer be took her in bis arms and kissrd ber. '•Oh, you bear," she laughed. "Ycn'vs crushed my drees." A Ull man was standing by the door as they passed out. " Hullo, Jake !" callcd Harry Hustings. " Why ain't you up at the station ? Going tc let the pasaengers walk down p" " P'enty of time; train's late. Due at onethirty." Tom heard. He took Amy into the hall, and ber partner came to claim her ; then he hurried over to tie hold. *• Jake," be said, •• I'm going witb you."" He r»n up to his room, tore cG hi* fancy into the office. Tbe old man who watched the bt usc was waiming his hands at the stove. " Come, Johnny," ho said, putting ^-some money into his hand. " I want you to see that there is a goud fire in tbe parlour when the *buc gets back. I'm going up to meet poor Patterson's girL Sbe is com'sg^o-night, and it ism •odd ride down:*' . .,, '.-'•••.•;. " Poor girl I Sure, I'll do It, Mr. Tcm." "•doorll the remains of the feastthe diminished line of dinner pails on the corner table showed* that the miners working on the night abaft had gone out. There was no sign of the landlady. He shut the door. " Mrs. Cornish anywhere about. Uncle Johnny ? " he asked. " Jist gone to her bod. She was after say ing she was that tired die couldn't drag one ful behind the other.'' " I shall have to tell that poor thing myself." he thought, as he went out and climbed np beside Jake on the old 'bus for the mile'r ttde to the station. Tbe train came slowly through the deep cut, its two engines puffing. It stepped but an "Instant; the mails were thrown out and the foasengcra aiisbbd Two men and a |ady. She was evidently •lone, and looked abort her nervously. UcLangUin went up to her. e me,** he said, " but is this Htx Abbott. Mr. Patterson's friend V Yes," «be said. My name is McLaughlin. I came to meet you," he went on, possessing himself of ber valise aud helping bee into tho stage. By the light of thestatiemmaster's window hf saw that she was tall, with m sweet, grave face and luminous gray ryes. The rumbling and crunching of the wheels through the stiff snow, •tad the presence of other etrangcxs, made conversation difficult. , The idri looked out over tbe snow at tbe dark bouses which /lined the winding was down to the town. Tbe young nan wai planning how to tell ber. They drew np at the hotel ; tho light from tbe brilliant hall across the,way streamed put; attains of a " * and the sound of ^danring feet euoe Uucle Johnny had been true to Ills promise, and a fire burned brightly in the parlour stove. Tom placed a chair for her in tbe pleasant warmth, but she turned to him eagerly. ' Tell me about him," she said. " Is bt better ?" " Yes," ho answered, avoiding her eyes. He went- on hurriedly, " 1 am going to bring you something, and then you may question me.' " Thank you,' : she answered. " I shall be glad of something. I have been so anxious to day that I could not eat, but now I am here 1 must save my strength for him.*' Tom went out a suspicions lump filling bit throat. He returned presently witb a cup ol tea and a tray of dainties, purloined with Uncle Johnny's help from the remains of the ball supper. When sbe had lunched die said— " I am so glad Henry is better. Is he on this Boor ? I fancied from fab short letter? that he was very weak and Buffering." Tom went up to her and took her hand. " My poor girl," he said huskily, " Henry will never suffer any more ; he is well." She grew very white and turned away her head, but sbe did not cry. There was a long silence and then sbe said in an altered voice— " When P' " To-night at seven." Another silence. Then a Bound of footstep: approaching and a gay voice saying— " I think I must have left my scarf in here It is cold in the hall." Amy entered, followed by Harry Hastings. She gave one look at Tom, bending over and holding the band of the white-faced stranger, then without a word turned and went out, followed by her cavalier, his lips puckered for a silent whistle. Miss .Abbot did not appear to have noticed them. " I must Bee him," she said. " Oh, not to-night! It is late, and you an weary. Wait until morning." " No," she answered, " now ; I must tell him I have come, though it was too late." Unable to move her, be brought a candle and they went through the silent halls to the room where ber lever lay in all the silent majesty of death, Tom set down the light and ur.covercd the still form. " I'll wait outside." he whispered. After some time she joined him. her face now strained with tears. " I will go to my room now," she said. " Ob, Mr. McLaughlin, how shall I thank you for your kindness to him and to me F" Whiia Tom went back to tbe ball-room Amy was waltzing. He watched the lithe young figure, the flying feet, tbe white and silver gown. There was a colour in tbe small face and a mutinous expression about the mouth which told him he would find it hard to make peace. When she was seated he went to her, but slip did not appear to see him until he spoke. " Amy—" Oh, it is you, Mr. McLanghlin ! Have v< left your friend ?" ** My darling, let mc explain." " I don't want to bear." Hurriedly dipping off her engagement ring, she gave it to him. *' There ! Wben you take her hand again, slip that on ; 6he will be glad of a new lover." The man's face turned very white. " Do yon mean it, Amy he said. Yes"" Sbe gave a hard little laugh and beckoned with her fan. Hastings came up. " Harry," 6he said, sweetly, I'm so tired ; won't you take me home ?" Tom looked at the tiny ring lying in bia hand ; its diamond flashed up at him brightly; then he thought of the clear grey eyes of that other girl who, had he but known, was to make the hapoiness of bia life. 