LIFE IN LONDON AND THEREABOUT. CHRONICLED BY HENRY W. LUCY. NOT GOING TO BE WORRIED OUT OF EGYPT. — SIR M. HICKS-BEACH ASTONISHED AT OTHER PEOPLE'S ASTONISHMENT. — DEVONSHIRE HOUSE AND SPEAKER'S HOUSE. — NEW WORK FOR NANSEN. — MR. RHODES. — THE SOUTH AFRICAN COMMITTEE. — PERSONAGES AND INCIDENTS. — CRETE. — THE PIECE OF' WALES AND LONDON HOSPITALS. WESTMINSTER, Feb. 12. Sir M. Hicks-Beach's defiance of France and Russia, which the other night electrified the House of Commons, has not had quite the fall effect anticipated. It is true the Paris press have made angry reply, save what passes for the press in Russia has shown its teeth. But the provoca- tion seemed so delicate that much more was expected. Probably for personal reasons the effect was more marked upon the House of Commons than with the outside public dependent upon the newspaper report for knowledge of what passed. From some of his colleagues, Mr. Chamberlain for example, the phrases used might have passed without creating uneasiness. But there is nothing of the swashbuckler about the Chancellor of the Exchequer. He is a man of severely moderate views, precise in his manner, matter-of-fact in his speech. That he, of all men, should with almost strident voice and unusually animated manner have told a powerful alliance of Continental Powers that England was " not going to be worried out of Egypt " was truly a portent. I hear from one of the Chancellor's colleagues most nearly connected with the business a curious story about this speech. It was taken for granted that not only in the matter of the message delivered but also in his studiously aggressive manner the Chancellor of the Exchequer was the mouth- piece the Cabinet. It was a natural to suppose that at the Council just held the attitude of France and Russia on the Egyptian question had been discussed, and it was resolved the time had come when once for all these troublesome neighbours should be notified that, regardless of their views, England having entered upon the occupation of Egypt meant to stay there. That was the impression left upon the mind of one attentive listener, and I fancy it was pretty generally shared. It is therefore astonishing to hear — interesting, as throwing a sidelight on how we are governed — that no one was more surprised at the tone and manner of the Chancellor of the Exchequer than his colleagues on the Treasury bench. They did not resent what he said, or how he said it. The right hon. gentleman, conversing with me on the subject, expressed himself highly pleased that the murder was out. But as far as the Cabinet are collectively concerned they are free from responsibility of having given the Chancellor of the Exchequer a mandate to treat the business in the marked fashion adopted by him. This disclosure is capped by another equally surprising. If Sir Michael Beach's colleagues were astonished at his warlike, menacing tone, he was surprised at their astonishment. When he resumed his seat, and Mr John Morley gave vent to the feelings of alarm subsequently emphasised by Sir William Harcourt, the Chancellor of the Exchequer turned to his immediate neighbour on the Treasury bench and, with look of alarm on his own face, expressed the hope that he had not said anything to justify the comments of the front Opposition bench. He had no intention of deliver- ing a warlike message, and was genuinely surprised at the reception his speech met with. As the newspaper reports show, he several times, while Sir William Harcourt was speaking, interrupted with protest against the construction put upon his words — a construction which not only followed the simple meaning of his sentences, hut was suggested by the tone of their delivery. Admitting that the outbreak of remonstrance at Paris consequent on this speech was less than he had expected, my friend told me and his special post in the Ministry lends peculiar weight to his words, that no meaning possible to extract from Sir Michael Hicks-Beach s minatory language could exceed the plainness of the Speech Lord Salisbury has from the first used towards the French Government on the matter of England's portion in Egypt. Long before the Chancellor of the Exchequer spoke the French Government knew that England was " not going to be worried out of " the occupation until her work was complete — an exceedingly indefinite period, almost the British equivalent to the Greek Kalends. Thus, though the House of Commons was startled to hear such plain talk round a diplomatic question, it was no news either to the French or the Russian Ministry. The Duchess of Devonshire's party on Wednesday night was more crowded than that given on the eve of the opening of the session. The scene was, consequently, even more brilliant. One thing lacking was the uniform of Ministers. At the first party, as was mentioned at the time, half a dozen Ministerial dinners were given simul- taneously, and the guests all came on to Devonshire House bringing their cocked hats with them. On Wednesday it was the turn of ex-Ministers to dine in state with the Speaker. Devonshire House is getting more Tory than ever, and few of the Duke's former colleagues were bidden to the Duchess's party. As a matter of fact, I saw only one, Sir Frank Lockwood, in the handsome velvet suit, with ruffled shirt front, that pertains to the position of ex-Law Officer of the Crown. This was a case in which personal popularity over- rode party prejudice. The lion of the evening was Nansen, whose tall figure made him easily distinguishable in the crowd, and contributed to the facility for mobbing — a weakness which this exceedingly select company of English men and women showed themselves as prone to as any East End crowd. Jansen does not disguise the attraction the long- talked-of Antarctic expedition has for him. It has long been the dream of geologists to try the other Pole. Nansen's success at the North Pole has crystallised effort in this direction. Lord Salisbury has been privily approached with request for Government assistance. It is urged that, with something more than 30 millions a year spent on the navy, a couple of ships might well be spared for the attempt to probe the mystery of the South Polar Sea. is If Swanson were definitively to accept the command of such an expedition it would be difficult for the Government to resist the popular wish in the matter. Nothing in the shape of a formal proposal it has yet been made, but the way in that direction is being cleared . One difficulty is that Nansen's engagements in Europe and the United States extend over a year. If he undertook the command of such an expedition he would insist, us he did in the case of the Fram, in personally supervising the equipment of the ships. That means that at least two years must elapse before the expedition, however promptly decided upon, sets forth on its voyage or discovery. In spite of the counter attractions at Devon- shire House — partly in consequence of it, since there was a good deal of " going on " between Palace Yard and Piccadilly — Mrs. Gully's reception at Speaker's House on Wednesday night was crowded. It was pelting with rain, which made the guests think kindly of the glass-roofed entrance to Speaker's House which the Commons will in the course of the session be asked to provide. The experience of Wednesday night will have the effect of gaining many votes when the proposal is submitted, At Devonshire House a wet night on the occasion of the Duchess's party is an unspeakable calamity. At the best of times the difficulties of approach are grievous. The knowing ones quit their carriages by the Picca- dilly-pavement, walking into the courtyard, and so avoid the necessity of falling in queue, a period of trial that often extends over a full hour. When it is raining, as it was on Wednesday night, walking even a few dozen yards is ruinous to shoes and frocks. At Palace Yard the arrangements of the experienced police are so excellent that the period of waiting is reduced to a minimum. Nevertheless at 11 o'clock the string of carriages waiting to set down extended far along Great George-street. Mr. Rhodes is making holiday in Paris in preparation for his ordeal in the South African com- mittee-room, which opens on Tuesday. As soon as his examination is over he wilI rush back to the Cape en route for Rhodesia. He is rebuilding Groote Schnur, and will retain it as his head- quarters in Capetown. But for the most part he intends to dwell among his own people in the country to which he has given a name. He declares he was never so well in his life as during the two months he spent up country at the time of the native revolt. He lost a good deal of flesh and gained corresponding amount of vigour. He complains that though he has been in London only a few weeks he has put on a stone in weight. During earlier visits here he has fought with dogged vigour against the desire of London society to make a lion of him. In spite of reverses of fortune this appetite his not shown signs of falling off. But Mr Rhodes is more than ever resolute in his aloofness He has regularly declined the shower of invitations to dinners, lunches, and at homes that daily falls on his rooms at Burlington House. Three times he has been out to dinner with intimate personal friends. For the most part he keeps to himself, and is longing to be back amid the luxurious quietness of the veldt. A comrade who was riding with him when news came of the burning of his house at Cape town and the destruction of much of the prized contents gives me a pretty account of the scene. The news was tacked on in telegraphic laconics to a long official message received by Earl Grey. Like other visitors at Groote Schnur, Lord Grey knew how dear to Mr. Rhodes's heart was the house he had rebuilt and upon whose adornment and comfort he lavished untold wealth and infi- nite care. For some time he shrank from the duty of conveying the bad news. At last he said, " Rhodes, have got some terrible bad news from Capetown. " " "What is it ?" said Mr. Rhodes, growing pale to the lips : "Is it Jame- son ?" An earlier message had described Dr. Jim's illness, and Mr Rhodes, thinking of the very worst news in the world, feared he was dead. "No," said Lord Grey, " it's not Jame- son. Groote Schnur is burnt down to the ground " " Oh," said Mr. Rhodes, a smile of relief lighting up his face : " I can rebuilt that. " When they came to a halt he sat down and wrote a letter giving full instructions for rebuilding the house. Feb. 19. Today), as on Tuesday, there are few outward and visible signs about Westminister Hall of the historic drama going on under its roof. It was a happy thought born to be member of the committee to refute admission to the public throughout the South African inquiry It would be impossible to accede to the wishes of a thousandth part of more or less influential people who desire to be present, more especially during the examination of Mr. Cecil Rhodes. The admission of one would have been the despair of nine hundred and ninety-nine. As none are admitted there cannot be any heartburning, and much worry is saved to members of the committee. Another happy result is the absolute quietude that rests over the proceedings The only token of anything unusual going on is the unwonted sight of tables spread in Westminster Hill, at which reporters sit writing out their notes, with a squadron of telegraph boys attendant, ready to dash off with "copy" for the evening newspapers. Inside the committee room is crowded, but not to an inconvenient degree. More than half the space behind the bench on which sit four counsel (costing somebody something like a guinea a minute), is allotted to members of Parliament. These have the prescriptive right to be present at any sitting of the committee of their own House. But there is no order of precedence; first come, first served, and the consequence is a good deal of pressure at the doors before they are opened. On Tuesday three or four ladies, regardless of the prohibition of the public, managed to get in. One is the daughter of the late Speaker, named to one of Mr. Rhodes's principal lieutenants. Another is sister-in-law to Mr. Chamberlain. Before it was decided that the public should be excluded these ladies had obtained tickets authorising their admission. They stuck to them, and before the guardian police quite realised where they were they were comfortably ensconced on a prominent bench. A member of the committee tells me that when news came to them, seated in private consultation, that there were ladies in the room, there befell a state of consternation that could hardly be exceeded had word flashed forth that Mr Rhodes had taken ship for the Cape. The adventurous dames were dislodged by a ruse that must bring the blush to the check of man in either hemi- sphere of the Globe. The Sergeant-at-Arms was sent in to direct that every one not being a peer a pressman, or a member of the House of Commons should withdraw, arrangements being secretly made to readmit the men. It should be said, to the honour of the Sergeant-at Arms, that in delivering this treacherous message his speech faltered and every trace of blood died from his face. He managed in the end to play his part, and the ladies, once outside the door, found it inexorably closed upon them. The Prince of Wales, who was an early comer, had a perhaps unique experience. He was kept waiting three-quarters of an hour. He bore the ordeal with genial good-humour, resting his folded hands on his walkingstick, and occasionally chatting with his neighbours right and left. As he remarked to one, the last time he had been in that part of the hall was in attendance at the Tichborne trial. The grand committee room, in which the South African Committee sit, was built on the site of the old Court of Queen's Bench, in which, 24 years ago next April, opened the trial at bar of the Claimant. There are some patent points of resemblance between the story of Warren Hastings and the career of Cecil Rhodes. It is not lacking even in the detail that both were tried in Westminster Hall. But as far as the scene is concerned similitude fails. It was in the great hall of William Rufus that Hastings was arraigned, "the grey old walls hung with scarlet, the long galleries crowded by an audience such as rarely excited the fears or the emulation of the orator." The grand committee room is built outside Westminster Hall and approached by a mean staircase. The only decoration of its walls is a colossal map of Africa — the map which, spread out before him on smaller scale in his room at Groote Schuur, Cecil Rhodes with a rapid sweep of his hand from the Cape to Cairo said to me little more than two years ago, "I mean to paint it red from here to there." The essay in art was peremptorily stopped by the Boers lying in wait for Jameson on his way to Johannesburg. But Rhodesia stands out boldly, and Mr. Rhodes sitting awaiting the coming of his judges meant well glance proudly at the map on the wall at the base of which sat the Prince of Wales. Here at least was a striking coincidence in the two great State trials. "Last of all," writes Macaulay, describing the scene which 109 years ago almost to a day attended the opening of the trial of Warren Hastings, "came the Prince of Wales, conspicuous by his fine person and noble bearing." A century later the Prince of Wales, attired in ordinary morning suit, arrived un- attended, walked quietly to his place, and sat waiting with the rest till the perturbed committee had laid the ghost of the question of women's rights unexpectedly protruding itself on their solemn deliberation. It was noteworthy that Sir William Harcourt, leading the procession of the committee when at length they entered the room, brushed past the Prince of Wales without ac- knowledgement of his presence, an example followed by by all the rest — another quite new experience for his Royal Highness. Throughout the bad three-quarters of an hour's waiting Mr. Cecil Rhodes sat bolt upright at the end of a bench immediately behind counsel. Never at the height of his prosperity have I seen him looking so well. He is much slighter both in figure and face, the latter change having the effect of bringing into greater prominence his massive head and lofty brow. He did not speak to anyone, and for the most part looked straight ahead of him. Occasionally his eyes glanced round the crowd to his right, and sometimes, as mentioned, rested on the big map on the wall to his left. When called to the chair he found himself in a curiously awkward position. He was seated at a small table, facing not his interrogator but the shorthand clerk. After a while he, in accordance with his habit, took the direction of affairs in his own hand, turned his chair round, and so fronted the benevolent visage of Sir Wm. Harcourt. He was at the outset undoubtedly nervous, reading his statement at a pace that made it unintelligible. Fortunately it was printed, and copies were in the hands of the com- mittee, who closely followed the reading. When it came to the examination Mr. Rhodes went to the other extreme, his answers being so long in coming that Sir Wm. Harcourt occasionally, passed on to another without receiving reply. It speedily became clear that the witness was proceeding upon a definite line, and that his nervousness arose from anxiety lest he should casually overstep it. As far as he is personally concerned he is resolved to hide nothing of his deliberate design to overthrow the Boer Government. On the contrary, his opening statement carries the war into the enemy's country, being not an excuse for himself or the raiders, but an indictment of the Boers for their insufferable domineering at Johannesburg. What Mr. Rhodes is chiefly anxious about is that he shall not by anything he may say prejudice the case of Dr Jameson or others implicated in the raid. Proceedings in the South African committee-room have through the week absorbed public interest to the obscuration of Parliamentary proceedings and the belittling of the crisis in Crete. This last is on the face of it the most difficult of the succession of troubles that have beset Lord Salisbury since he returned to the Foreign Office. It is evident that even so powerful a Ministry as he leads would shrivel up before the burst of popular execration that would follow any overt act of coercing Greece and handing back Crete to the tender mercies of the Turk. Yet bound as he admittedly is to the chariot of the concert of the Powers, Lord Salisbury has hitherto, at least ap- parently pledged the name and the power of England to that policy. As Mr. Balfour, with unusual solemnity, told the House of Commons on Tuesday night, any breaking up of the concert of Europe through the action of this country would lead directly to war. Thus to all outward appearances is the Government between the deep sea and an alliterative alternative. After all, as some authorities believe, the difficulty may be only in form. The Great Powers cannot wink at the youthful indiscretion of Greece, who goes forward in the simplest and most straightforward manner to relieve her kinsmen from the grip of the Sultan. They must gravely shake the head, and even threaten coercion. But in the end the thing will work itself out in accordance with justice and the popular demand. The Powers have occupied Crete, but with the in- tention, privily made known to the King of Greece, presently under certain conditions to add the jewel to the Greek Crown. Thus the end will justify the means. The friends of the Ministry dare to hope that this may prove a true interpretation. Otherwise it will go hard even with a Government who can, as was shown this week, com- mand in the House of Commons a majority of over 200. The personal influence of Royalty even in these democratic days is happily illustrated by the success of what has come to be known as the Prince of Wales's Hospital Fund. Money is flow - ing in through so many courses that no attempt has yet been made to count up the total. But it has already reached a large amount. This is the more gratifying since the subscription is being run alongside that on account of the Indian famine, which now considerably exceeds £300,000. The Prince has thrown himself into the movement with all the energy and born business aptitude that made possible the much less desirable memorial of the Queen's reign, the Imperial Institute. He misses no opportunity of pushing round the plate. His latest adroit move was to send to the masters of the city companies dining on Wednesday night at the Mansion House a personal message saying how gratified he will be for the support which the heads of these ancient corporations might lend to the Hospital Fund. 