A MI H AC L/C IN SYDNKY. CASK INVKSTIUATKI) BY A HOOIir. OF I'ljll'Ltt AM» VorrilKI) FOK BY A I'ltOMlKKNT MLMIltk OF I'AKIJAMKNT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, LOSC OONSIPKHBD IN UUItAltLfc HV T11K riliST I'llYSlCUNS <)F THt WOULD, HAS AT LAbT IIEKN CUNgUKKKI). (5HKAT VICTORY FOR l)K. WILLIAMS* HNK I'lLLS. (From the Australian Workman.) ON Thursday afternoon nur representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Tlionifib Jam's, 45 UrowiManc, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year*old baby, and hid face declared him to be onu of lite happiest nun in Sydnoy. lie was up and about and able to answer the knock at tin? door. A-lthmiKh pale, and bearing still (ho murks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was UD iuvalid on the rapid road to convalcscencc. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : " You want to know all about my case Well, I am glad of m opportunity to tell y. u. The facts may bo or value to thoso who are strieken at 1 was " .' How long.were you Buffering?" " Well, twelve months ugo I got bo bad that I had to leave off work, and 1 have done uu I thing sincn then. About five years ago noxt Christmas, I met with ao accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, *1 was forced to give up my billet at the Globe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" ' M Simply indescribable. The p%ins were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones ia two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was inoes sandy shivering and shaking, *&od; could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd Marcli I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was uttterlv hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Oharit* Able Institutions.M 44 D <1 you make use of the order ?" " No j I came home and went to bed, and have beco pretty wjjll io lied ever since. Five weeks ago! could not walk, across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all up with me, and ouly a question of days when I should give up the ghost. My doctor was attending mn, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was iu. I was under him for five or eix weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progress* ive Locomotor alaxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peouliar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating volun tary movemeote. He told me I might last for ten I^rs. and that I might never get the uso of my egi. (lust then the patient kicked his .legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Welt, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea oonveyed by the advertisement de* cribing the cure effeoted in the case of another boller»maker io England, which I read in the Awtalian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the aivertisc ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and Bent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magioal. I was able to oat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was tne first appetite and sleep I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the ftid of a stick, and am gradually but surely* recovering my former vigor and vitality. You Bee those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I sot the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You BSO I am rapidfy regaining my strength." "He islOO per cent, better," said Mrs. Jams, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills have saved his life and made another man of him." A friend who called at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that dsy than he did a fortnight previously. "1 can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hopo to bo able to resume work ns a boiler maker, and you know I havo to be in the very pink 01 health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to day than I have been at any time during the last five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pilla. They have saved my life, i am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like'a new man. On the matttlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills, which the doptor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I uo longer need them. Everybody who knows ms has been Amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about has caused quite a seusation out here " Such is this rematkuble history, and it con* firms what is snid in all the chief uewspapers of this country of the astonishing ourea wrought by Dr. William*' Pink Pills for Pale People, They cure looomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal dissase, also many dii* orders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as amentia, pale and sallow complexiou, general muscular weakness, iudt* gestlon, lots of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c.; Mr, J. 3. T. M'Gowuu, leader of the Labor party in the N.S.W, Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remark* able case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M*Qowen says ho has known Jarvis from iufancy. He also knew (hat he had given up work at the Glebe Island abbatoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he had developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed ridden, nud that there was little chauce of his rocovcry. He understood Jurvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as liia case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M.'Uowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astouuded at the com plete recovery of Jarvis. Ur. Williams' Piuk Pills are obtained from all leadingchcmtafe, or from tho Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, oue box for 9d.» or I half-dozen for 14a Ud. 