FICTION. _ THE MYSTERY OF THE MIRANDA. nTTAPTRIl T It is a matter of about twelve years ago now that, having concluded sotno business that had carried mo to tbo Capo of Good Hope, I booked my passage for home in ono of tbo regular mail packets. As I havo deemed it right and proper to employ fictitious names in this narrative of as strungo ana mysterious a littlo tragedy as was over enacted npon tho high Hess, I will voil tho identity of tho steamer under tbo nomo of tho Miranda. Not that sho was really so called ; but, being one of tho best known Capo liners of her day, to name her would bo to praatlcally famish a olue to tho real actors in tbis story ; and it is not for roo to thus recall events which would undoubtedly form a painful rccollcotiou to persons still living. The Miranda was a steamer of somo four thousand tons burthen ; with three masts and a heavy black funnel, and radiant with tbo sparkle of much gloss, and gilt, and brasswork. Her commander, Captain Hoiroyd, was one of tho most popular men tbat over had charge of a ship, and it was very rarely the Miranda sailed cither from ftoutharapton or Capo Town with ho much as a single vacant berth. I'eoplo would post pone their journey for tbo privilege of making tho voyage with tbo gonial, good-looking 6oilor ; and the sideboard of his little parlour at home glittered with many specimens of tbo silversmith's art; tokens of appreciation from delighted passengers. It was late on a January afternoon when we got ander way, and, to the deep pulsations of tbo oogines, steamed leisurely out of tbo dooks on to the bluo and epacioas waters of Tablo Bay. Tho eceno wa3 bright and animated, full ol Hfo and movomont and color, as these homeward departures from tbo South African port usually aro. Tbo deck was thronged with passengers, for tbo Miranda was preserving her traditions as a crowded ship. Thesopooplowere all strangers to mc, and I paced tbo gangway alone, find ing plenty to ooeupy ray attention in tho brilliant tcene of the bay and the camco-liko hue of Tablo Mountain, its flat summit stand ing out In massive, sharply defined contour against the mellow azure of the sky beyond ; the white houses clustered liko a little heap of Ivory toys at its base, where tho sparkling fringe of surf ruled tbo limitation of tbo land in a line ol flashful tremors. Once olear of Green Point, however, with tbo wide waters of the South Atlantic streteb- iog In long brimmlog undulations of briaefar as the eye could reach, tho rbythmio pound ing of tbo stcamer'A engines increased to a rapid throb; you felt tbo pulsation of tho hidden giautquivering throughout tho length of bor; whilst half an aoro of dazzling white foam was pilcdnp by tbo shoaring thrust of the bows, sliding along tho glossy bonds of tbo metal fabrlo to tbo raco churned into the wako by the whirling arms of tbo deeply sub merged propellor. Tho sun sank in a great raylcss ball of crimson behind its blood-tinged wostorn grave; end whilst the short-lived twilight of those parallols was fast giving way to tbo violet shades of night the dinner bell summoned us to our first meal on board tbo wunuuH. Great is tbo hoad steward of a passenger liner on tho occasion of tho first meal of a voyage. Culm and imperturbable amidst tbo hurrying orowd of balf-bewildorod pcoplo, ho scorns to possess a wonderful talent for sort ing them out, and opportioniog tbom to tho various tables in just tho ordor they aro dostinod to bang together as littlo shipboard cliques during tbo remainder of tho passage. Many aro tbo uncooecious pangs of morti fication bo causes by his dispassionate selection of seats. Why should Jones be put at tbo captain's table, wbon Smith, who is twice as big a man in tbo oolony, is set to grub at tho table presided over by tbo second inato? Why, I havo koown a worthy mer chant of Port Elizabeth so put out at being seated in the presiding company of tbo ebip's surgeon, when, to use bis own expression, "a dirty littlo diamond broker from Kimbcrlcy was placed alongside tho skipper," that ho would scarcely condescend tocatat all for tho first week, and punished himself until tho stomachic pangs induced by ozone no longor permitted his practising sulky economy on behalf of tho shipowners. Hod I been of a disposition to be affected by such a trifle I supposo that I ought to havo literally gorged at our first dinner on board, for, aoting upon goodness only knows what supposed merits of mino, the head steward placed mo amongst tho select half- dozen at thoaptala'e table. By my side eat a young lieatenant of a dragoon regiment then quartered at tbo Capo, who was proceed- ing to .England on leave; a typical British military ofllocr, with all the good looks and Sollsh of manner incidental to his profession. is name, as I gathered from some remarks addressed to him by tbo captain, was the Honorablo Algernon Lasccllcs. Facing him sat a strikingly handsomo young girl, with flashing black eyes, and carinlne-tiogcd ohocks, and a rich profusion of lustrous liuir, piled in a most becoming heap upon her bead— a rara brunette of tbo South African clime. Her namo, I learnt, was Miss Marian llublo ; sbo was an orphan, living at Camp's Bay. near Capo Town, with a married aunt, and was now going to England under tho charge of Captain Hotroyd, having been ordered by tbo doctor to take the trip as a euro for languishing health The other pas sengers who sat at our table wore of a com- moD-plncecnough ordor, and, indeed, I should not havo been so particular in mentioning Lieutenant Lasccllu and Miss llubio but for , tho fact that they aro tho chief actors iu this singular and trogle experience. Shipboard life is highly conducive to sociability. People «triko up an acquaintance without bothering with any of tho formalities of an introdaotton ; and though they may meditate eutting ono another should they meet ashore after tho arrival of tbo vessel, they will grow familiar in an astonishingly brief time. I was conversing with the young lieutenant, and listening with much interest to a very spirited neemmt ho wac giving me of ao up-couotry expedition in which be had lately taken part, when Captain Hoiroyd, who had been chatting in an undertone with Miss Itubic, suddenly broke in, exclaiming; " Lieu tenant Lascclles— if 1 interrupt you— but allow mc to introduce you to a protegee of mine, who is going home with us— Miss Marinn Hubic." The officer bowed, and was evidently grati fied by tho introduction, which he would doubtless cospcct had cotne about through the skipper's interpretation M tho young lady's own wishes. 1 guessed I should have to wait uo'il another occasion for the conclusion of the military man's narrative; and the naloon being by this time empty of all but tho few who lingered over their dcsflcrt, 1 rose and stepped out into the alley-way to smoke a cigar In the cool rush of air made by tho steamship's progress through the «cns, which her metal /orcfoot rrncto into thunder. It was a gloriously fine night, and I lingered long on deck, belnu in no humour to oxchanuc the airy freedom of the open for tho hot and stuffy little sea bedroom which had been allotted to mo conjointly with a stouVGcrnian gentle man, who already lay groaning In his bunk, desperately 111 with sea-sickness. One after another tho passengers wont below, till tho lively, moving crowd on dtek hod thinned away to a few shadowy figures, fllttf ngspcctrc- like hither and thither. Captain Ilolioyd presently stepped up to me and asked whether I could give him a light, and when he puffed his cigar into a glowing crimson tin we fell a-ohntting. By-and-by ho said : " What d'ye think of the young lady who fe going homo under my caro— she who sat opposite to you at dinner?'' "Miss Ruble? Oh, she's' uncommonly handsomo," " Aye, she's not lacking in good looks. I've known hor ever sfneo sho was that high," measuring off a distanoo of about four feet from tho deok with his hand. " She gave mo no peace at dinner until I introduced that yonng ofilccr to her. Shouldn't wonder, now, If there was a bit of match-making betwixt those two beforo wo got home. I reckon there's all tho disposition on her part, and perhaps ho wouldn't bo very avcrso if he knew that her beauty was backed by a pretty littlo forluno." Tho matter did not very greatly Interest mo I made some remark which turned tho conversation upon other topics, and by-ond-hy after this seven belts struck— half-past cloven, and a into hour for shipboard. Tho decks seemed quite deserted, savo up on tbo bridge and right forward, whero tho iook-out man announced his wakefulness by an occasional long-drawn cry of " All's well I" Tho lamps In tho saloon wero dimmed, and silenco reigned fore and aft, broken only by the champing of the engines and tho fountain-liko wash of water afongsldo. I pitched tho stump of my cheroot overboard, walked to tho companion hatch, und wont below. I stopped over to n swing-troy to help my self to a glass of wnter, and whilst in tho act of raising tho tumbler to my lips, a door at the after end of tho saloon opened, and ono oi inn stewards camo nurrying out. ins walk was a kind of headlong itaggor, nnd as ho approached I perceived that his faco was very white ; that his oyes wero rounded in a fixed wild stare ; and that his hair was ono of gonaino consternation, which was not a little heightened by tho bristling aspect of his stock of hair. "What Is tbo matter?" said I, regarding htm steadily, for his appearance suggested drink and a fit of horrors. Ho camo to a stand, and exclaimed, in an agitated voico : " Oh, sir, I havo just seen a ghost." "I guessed you hod been encountering some form of spirits," said I. " By thunder, then 1" he cried excitedly, " but if you mean to say that I've been drink- ing, sir, I can tako my oath I was never moro sober in my life than at this moment. I'll toll you exactly what happened. I'd gone into tho pantry, away aft there, to get tho knives cleaned for breakfast before turning In. The lamp was burning low, and It's middling dusk In there, I was turningthoolcanlng machino, when something mado moglanco over my shouldor— no nolso, nor anything olse, but a feeling that I must look behind mo just thon. And what I Raw, sir, was a tall white figure standing in the door watching mo. I stared and it stared ; then It gave a sort of hollow groan and vanished all in a second. I can tell you, sir, that thero hnppailtlon gave mo a turn, and I fust stood liko a fool, gaping at tho door as If I'd been suddenly struck Hilly. Lor' though, but to think of seeing a real ghost I' Ho mopped his forohcad with tbo slccvo of his coat. His manner satisfied mo that bis terror was unfeigned. I said to him : " I havo hoard of plenty of ghosts ashore, but novor of one at sen. Aro you quito sure, now, that this alarming spectre wasn't, after all, a mem brief delusion of your sight ?" Ho Interrupted rao with on impatient gesturo, " No, no, sir. Thore was wot delusion about It. I tell you I seed tho ghost as plain as I can see yon. I ain't a fanciful man. noilher." I reasoned with him a whilo longer, but found him convinced of the reality of the vision, nnd nothing was to bo achieved by a psychological argument with a Hlartled steward upon tho theory of ghosts. Ho, tell- Ing him that I reckoned ho bad not much to fear from an immaterial essence which vanished into thin air whilst he watched it, I bado him good night, and repaired to my berth, whero tho noisy Bufferings of ' my German companion speedily drove all thoughts of tho stowards story out of my head. Yet an odd coinoldcnco happened at break, fast tho following morning, when I heard Miss Rubfo say to Captain Hoiroyd that if sho worn of a suncntltloafl turn of mind flbe could easily believe thero wero ghosts la the steamer. I pricked up my ears at this romark. The skipper asked ; "How bo?" "Why," said sho, " when J wont to my cabin I bolted tho door, and found it thus rocured this morring, so that it is impossible anyone can havo ontcred tho birth from with out during the night. Yet my things had certainly been disturbed by somo unknown band, boxes and parcels shifted, and a largo portmanteau actuolly opened and partially unpacked. It ismost nuzzling. I am a very light sleeper, and should assuredly have heard anybody moving about." " Deaced odd," said Lieutenant LascoUcs, eyeing tbo fresh-looking beauty with uncon cealed admiration, " No bogles or spooks on board, I bono. Don't vou think the chin might possibly havo been rolling a little in tho night— sufficient to niter tho position of your parcels, for instance?" "But not sufficient to unpack a portman teau," said, sho, smiling, "I have heard of'suoh a thing as mental abstraction," exclaimed Captain Ilolroyd. "I rather suspect. Miss Marian, that you will find absent-miadcdnc-Bs was the namo of the unknown, one who took tbo liberty of meddling with your property." Tbo young officer followed this remark by telling an anecdote of a ecniry who was frightened half out of his life by a skylarking sergeant clad lo a white sheet, and then the conversation drifted to other matters. I took notice of the steward who had been so alarmed on tho previous night ; he was trotting nimbly about the saloon carrying plates nnd dishcH, nnd when I asked him after breakfast whether the ghobt had troubled him any more ho answered no. Ife had been thinking over what I had said to him, and was Inclined to agree with rnc that ho must havo been mistaken, after all— at lea6t, go he wished to believe. I Inquired whether ho bod told anybody besides of the little eplsodu. and be answered (hot he had not, as Fie had no wish to be laughed at, for which reason ho would beg of me not to talk obout tbo matter, if 1 had not already done so. And now for several days nothiog happoncd in any way noteworthy. Tho splendid steamer thundered northwards over tne bine tainracr tea at a vpeed of tbr« hundred miles In thctwenty-four hours, and enoh moon- lido the zeuithwards sun poured down upon our decks with a fiercer sting in his brassy glare, Tho folks on board settled down to calm routino of shipboard life in an amazingly short time; it soon became, nothing moro to them than a monotonous round of luxurious meals, with the trilling diversions of deck quoits, whilst in tho smoking-room, and sweepstakes upon tho daily run, to beguile tho tedium of the hours. Tbero was tbo usual designing widow, who speedily detected a Himifarity of purpose in tho giddy young lady ot forty, .making tho voyage for no olhor rcrmon, apparently, than in tho hopo— tho forlorn, hcart-xlekoning hope— ol capturing a husband. Thero was the young man who had cotne out to Houth Africa n few months previously to rnnkc his fortune, and was now going home in a laud chock unit to personally communicate to his friends in a still louder voico tluit there was nothing whatever to bo none uy a youtn wnoso Horizon naa noon cir cumscribed by the drinking bars of Capo Town. There won the old voyager who was incessantly comparing tho ship with othor vessels in which ho had made tho passage, and who would never spare you tho boncflt of his great experience. There was my fat German cnbln-fcllow, who, being recovered from his sca-nicknoss, turned oat a very ploasant, sociable man, fresh from tho dia mond fields, and totally unaffected under a burden of wealth, which earned him tho marked deference of all on board. There was tho Rair of Scotchmen who would sit all day long i their shirt-sleeve# over a cheis/board, con templating the squares in various postures of profound thought, but never once, during all my observation, making a move. There was tho florid, watery-eyed, red-noscd.moHifluouB- voiced man, who could never accost you without Inviting you to como and join him in a drink. And, lastly, there was tho young cavalry officer, and tho beautiful girl, his con stant companion. Of all tbo characters. on board, I think those two Interested me tho moat. It needed no very shrowd perception to sco, at and cnrly stago of the voyage, how it was going to bo with this couple, I liked the gentlemanly young officer ; a cousin of mine had served In his regiment, and wo had many a chat together. And I admired tho lady to the extent of envying Lieutenant Lascollcs his intimacr with hor. On ono occasion I re- marked to Captain Hoiroyd that his "pro tege " and tho subaltern had rnado good pro gress, und, with a blight droop of his eyelid, tbo hearty skipper replied that ho did'nt sup- poso anybody would hold him to blnmo for that ; for hfs own part, ho'd liko nothing better than tho job of spllolng thorn together, as ho reokoncd thero wasn't a clerk in Holy Orders who could read the marrlngo service more impressively than himself, and a ship master had every right to porform tho cere mony aboard his own vossol. Wo got somo dirty weather In tho tad of the south-east trades, and the Miranda curts eyed upon tho tall foaming surges In a fashion which sent half tho passengers groaning to ihnlr hflrltia. T tin.1 /iiiIIa lA.nnli.n ..II tho little ghost incident, never having, indeed, given muoh heed of tho matter; until, on tho morning of tho second day of this spoil of of storm, the steward who oluimod to havo bohold tho spectra stepped up to mo as I cotercd tho deserted saloon — for I was an early riser— and said in a low voico, looking around him: "Beg pardon, sir, but tho ship is haunted after all, and I wasn't mistaken," " Hn I" I answered ; " scon the gh<M again 7" to jje continued. 