THE AUGUSTINIAN CELEBRATION. With all the pomp with which the Roman Church can embellish its ritual, the Roman Catholic hierarchy on September 14 commemorated the advent of St. Augustine 13 centuries ago. Much learned disputation has occurred respecting the precise spot in the Isle of Thanet on which the apostle of Kent first stopped ashore, but Roman- ists and Anglicans alike are agreed that Ebbeflect is or is near that spot. The Bishops of the English Established Church celebrated some time ago this landing with much fervour, but also with great simplicity, and now in the same field and by the side of the same memorial cross (writes an English paper) the Bishops of the Roman Catholic Church have commemorated with certainly no less fervour, but with much more picturesque ceremony, an event in which both Churches profess an abiding interest. Nothing indeed that through eye or ear could deepen the effect of this religious symbolism was omitted. Mitred Cardinals and Bishops attired in the most gorgeous of vestments, and monks clad in the uniform of vowed poverty, formed the two extremes of a procession which marched chanting its psalm of penitence through a great crowd of the "Faithful" from all parts of the country to an altar erected in a gigantic tent on the hallowed field, and there Pontifical High Mass was sung before a representative congregation of English Catholics, and not a few complacent Protestants. Fortunately good weather favoured this religious festival. Ebbsfleet lies on the shore of Pegwell Bay, and is about three miles from Ramsgate. Monks and prelates alike abstained from doing the pilgrimage on foot. The roads were dusty, and the gradients steep for aged feet, whether booted or sandalled. Char-a- bancs, cabs, and traps of many forms, both ancient and modem, were requisitioned, and thus the journey was accomplished from the Benedic- tine Monastery. Special trains brought Catholic excursionists in thousands. Apart from what may be called the Church tent, there were rolling tents, and within these Bishops and clergy put on their vestments. The Rams- gate Mayor (a Jew) and Town Council (of many persuasions), robed, marched with mace- bearer and clerk to places reserved for them. All being in readiness, the procession set out. It was headed by a chaplain (carrying the cross of regular clergy) and two acolytes. Then came a great body of monks, representatives of the English branch of their respective orders, Fathers of the Institute of Charity, Marist Fathers, Oblate Fathers of Mary Immaculate, Passionist Fathers, Redemptorist Fathers, Fathers of the Society of Jesus, Servites, Carmelites, Capuchins, Fathers of the Order of St. Francis, Fathers of the Order of St. Dominic, with their coarse robes and cowls, and with their ropegirt waists, and in many cases shaven crowns, they formed not the least striking part of this procession. Following them came a chaplain carrying the cross of the Benedictines, and with him two acolytes. They headed a great train of monks of the Order of St. Benedict, bearing in their midst a banner recalling the "Vexillum" which was borne by the brethren in 597 when advancing to meet King Ethelbert of Kent. Priors of the Order, heads of Benedic- tine monasteries in England, with the Very Rev. Prior of Monte Cassino, representing the Arch Abbot, abbots of the Order of St. Benedict, and two fathers representing the Rev. Canons Regular of the Lateran, followed. Then came a chaplain with the cross of the secular clergy, and with him also two acolytes, and then representatives of the Cathedral Chapters of England; a band, who, coming after the black-robed Benedictines, struck the eye with the vivid contrast of their blue and purple mozettas. Two only of these canons were in black cappas, being Benedictines from the Newport Chapter. The Chapters represented were Shrewsbury, Liverpool, Clifton, Salford Leeds, Hexham and Newcastle, Portsmouth, Northampton, Middlesbrough, Birmingham, Not- tingham, Newport, Plymouth, Westminster, and Southwark. Following these come the Arch Priest of the Metropolitan Church of Arles, delegated by his Archbishop as the successor of St. Virgilius, Papal Vicar in Gaul in the time of St. Augustine, to whom the Holy See especially commended the missionaries of 597. Some pre- lates below episcopal rank came next, with the Vicar-General of Southwark, and then a train of bishops and archbishops in cope and mitre, each attended by his chaplain. The copies of this bishops were resplendent with their creamy silk, heavily embroidered and embossed with gold. The figures of the Dove, symbolical of the Holy Ghost, and the Pelican, representative of affection for the flock, showed much a variety of artistic treatment. After those prelates came a sub-deacon carrying the archiepiscopal cross, the Sub Deacon of the Mass (Canon O'Hallaron, of Greenwich), the Deacon (Canon Keerns, of Chelsea), the Assistant Priest (Canon Cahill, of Portsmouth), and then Cardinal Vaughan, Archbishop of Westminster He wore his jewelled mitre and was magnificently robed. Above the linen vest- ments of a priest he had the dalmatics of sub- deacon and deacon, over those a chasuble of fine silk brocade heavily embroidered, and round his neck the pallium, the special gift of the Holy See. As thus splendidly attired he walked with stately gait and uplifted hand, motioning his episcopal blessing to right and left among the throng, the Cardinal attracted every eye as the central figure in the ceremony. When the procession first moved off the Psalm of Penitence, "Miserere," was recited. Then the monks intoned the antiphon chosen by St. Augustine for their procession in Thanet thirteen hundred years ago. The chant to which it is set in Benedictine choirs is of the tenth century, and the words are adapted from the book of Daniel, and were in use liturgically in the ancient Celtic church. This Anthem was followed by the Litany of the Saints, of which the concluding services and prayers were chanted at the foot of the altar. The Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster having taken his place on the throne prepared for him, all rose to reverently receive of the Cardinal Bishop of Autun, who entered the sanc- tuary attended by his prelates and chaplains, the their welcoming him with the anthem, "Ecce Sacerdos Magnus " ("Behold a High Priest"), from the Roman Pontificate. The Cardinal Bishop of Autun has special honour as being the successor and representative of of St.Syagrius, the friend and chief protector of Augustine. Though only a simple bishop, the Prelate of Autun wears to this day the pallium, and enjoys precedence over his fellow- prelates, honours accorded to St. Syagrius. He wore the scarlet biretta and robe of a Cardinal, and took his seat on his throne at the left of the altar and opposite that of the Cardinal of Westminster. The component parts of this procession ranged themselves to right and left of the altar, the monks being behind the more richly attired dignitaries on the right, and the secular clergy, in their black soutanes and short white surplices, behind those on the left. Crowded out of all seats stood some notable laymen; near the door the Duke of Norfolk, Mr. Arthur O'Connor, M.P., and the Chevalier O'Clery (Private Chamberlain at the Vatican) amongst them. Others of the congregation who could be noted were Lord Edmund Talbot, M.P., Alderman Sir Stuart Knill, Viscountess Clifden, and Lady Herbert of Lea. The Cardinal Metropolitan of England celebrated Mass according to the Pontifical rite. A choir of 40 Benedictine monks rendered the Liturgy to Gregorian chant, which, though mainly in union, was given in solesures was quite accidental harmonies that brought out the several qualities of bass, tenors, and counter tenors. With so large a body of prelates the taking off and putting on of mitres by their atten- dant chaplains were conspicuous incidents in the ceremony. the act of adoration, as the host and chalice were elevated by the Cardinal Archbishop, formed an exceedingly impressive spectacle. The Cardinal Bishop of Autun left his throne and bowed himself before the altar. Reverence was done by bishops, clergy, and laity in silence only broken by the tinkle of the bell. After the Mass the Papal Benediction was imparted to the congregation, and the Pope's letter was read. The prayer for the Queen was sung by both choir and people. The Bishop of Newport delivered a discourse on the Apostolate of St. Augustine. Catholics were exhorted to never cease praying for the conversion of England. The "Te Deum" and thanksgiving collects concluded the ceremony. The Admiralty is turning its attention to Ireland as a recruiting ground for the Navy. It is thought the North might be made to provide a large contingent of good sailors if some organisation existed by which they could be passed into the service. Mr. Rudyard Kipling, who has been cycling in Dorsetshire with Mr. Thomas Hardy, is negotiating for the purchase of a house and grounds at Rodwell, near Dorchester. The Annandale Orpheus Club held a successful gathering in the large hall of Rofe's Hotel, John- stone-street, on Friday evening, at which there was a large attendance of visitors, and included were members of the Queenstown Band, which was suc- cessful at the recent band contest, and rendred several selections during the evening. The vocal numbers of the club were all received in a hearty manner. 