BROADBRIM'S JSTEW YEAR . LETTER. The last stroke, twelve and 1896 lay dead amid the shouts and hosannas that greeted its successor, 1807. The dust- of the year that has gone is borne to the grave of the buried centuries. Tire dust returns to dust, the ashes to ashes, and from their decay and death, the year just born gathers new life and strength, till one year hence it shall in. turn give up the ghost and join the millions that have gone before in the dead march to eternity. There were no tears, ho cries, no agony or sorrow, as the dead year was bonie to its sepulchre by ghostly hands. Its life has been one long ivail of disaster wherever the sun shines 011 our-globe. Three or four tiuies-sinee the .year-just dead-was born, ail. Europe has been "on the verge of war; our own country, whose policy is peace, .threatened to -be drawn-into the universal strife;-a strife which, thfiuks: to the modera tion of many of Europe's greatest statesmen, and the wisdom of the ablest men of our own, land, war, the greatest of national calamities, is - for- the present happily .averted. -. ------ Though war has been averted, the year just past .has not been prosperous or happy ; a class of political thugs who live and thrive on ruin and disaster, have been sowing the seeds of discontent among our working classes, teaching them that their bitterest enemies are the capitalists who employ them ; decry ing and abusing all government that gives social.order the protection of law. The vilest criminals to-day in our land, are those who are striving to arraign class against class, ; which if successful must ultimately lead to the ruin of both. \- . "The opening of 1897 is pregnant with mighty events to New York and Brooklyn, . and incidentally affecting the country for many miles around. ]iv the consolidation of New. York and Brooklyn and numerous other towns and cities, the Greater New York sud denly becomes a city of the lirst'class, with' a population of nearly four millions, and from its position as a mercantile centre, and its wonderful accretion in wealth and pop-' illation, promises to become, in the next twenty-live or thirty years, the foremost of the world. Notwithstanding the most- tremendous civil war of modern times, entailing the loss of a million of men and the disabling of hundreds of thousands more, spending in the defence' of the unity of the States live thousand millions of dollars, of which threu thousand millions of dollars remained unpaid at the close of the war, and with an increasing pension lax, which in 18SM» attained the enormous figure of o.ie hundred and forty millions of dollars, Now York has tripled its wealth since the close of the war, and nearly doubled its population. With the New Year came the inauguration of our new Governor, and the consequent hegira of politicians and oiiice seekers for Albany. Though thousands have left the c'ty to keep New Year's I)ay in their old homes, or among friends in the country, there are always enough left to make a very imposing crowd to make a respectable cele ' brat ion. A singular custom is observed here every New Year's eve, which lias its counterpart. 1 believe, nowhere the taie of the earth. Yet the "M New Yorker observes it with as much i r.'/ul'O i';> as if the command to do s . was a pal-:' oi'i he !>.,. a'ogue. On New Year's i-ve, :i,< -.a-'-ev tile comlit'on ,.f ! he ae.' . i-..,;: or s-;ow. free :;!!.; ..-fiwUi, .,.[.! o; !«/;»._' al:ii"S! sipa e/i ;1 t , d wish nrt i :v:e;lein elvt);i." of ,-jn« tv.v oi th'.ee broken ribs an.] you" pocket licked into 'the bargain, NewYorks old md young, rich and poor, lame, halt and ilind, gather as near as they can. to the ront -of Trinity Church, which stands on Broadway, right at the head of Wall Street, vhere the money changers dwell. From ivery quarter of the two great cities, they ;ome by hundreds and thousands, till the congregation becomes a" mighty, * seething, throbbing mass of humanity, apparently struggling for life. Though the fight for place is apparently fierce, no blows are struck, - fur each acknowledges-the other.'s right to get the best place he can, but as in ill such' cases, the strong hand rules. What do you think has brought them there ? Why to hear the bells of old Trinity ring out the Christmas chimes. If they really could hear them, if they were musically inclined, it might be a trifling compensation for the suf ferings they endure, but they can't. Broad ?way is solidly blocked from the church the park one way, and from bowling green to the church the other. Wall-street won contain another'man. All the way down the old slave market, where a century and half ago strong niigers and wenches direct from Africa alternated, the auction block with boxes of brown sugar and barrels West Indies rum. The occasional squark one of those.tin horns which makes our N vember Christian holiday anything but season of thanksgiving, reminds you that small boy is aiound, and one .almost wishes that lve were born in Dahomey so as to assist in the slaughter of the innocents. After weary waiting, with loss of temper, freezing feet, and. some mild swearing, last the old Trinity chimes rang out: the "Glory, Hallelujah I" Instantly with; the last stroke of twelve, a horrid- crash and head .splitting shock, awakens every sleeper for miles around, and poor timid; ere atures who at watch meetings, have been awaiting the summons, think the day Judgment has arrived and rush home After that, for over an hour, hardly a note of the Trinity chimes could be.heard. Some of these musical assassins were armed with the old fashioned rattle, such as was used the ancient watchman, anywhere from fifty to a hundred, years ago. In addition to the other peace destroyers, was a whistle, which gave out a note somewhere between the squawk of a frightened gander and the shriek of a dry buzz-saw. Pandemonium reigned with the small boy on top. A stringent order had gone out from head quarters that the small. boy and his horn must be suppressed, and the captain of the precinct, in addition to the regular Broad way squad, which by the way is a Broad way squad no longer, sent out fifty extra patrolmen with strict orders, if <any of the youthful destroyers of the public peace were caught in the act, to destroy the horn and arrest the offender. A few horns were taken but no arrests were made. New Year's day came bright and clear with a mild balmy air, giving promise of com fort to the" grand army of visitors who make the most of the New Year free lunch. The notices of those who receive callers was larger in all the papers, and more generally accepted than it has been for several years past, and the quiet that prevailed in both cities, the stores being universally closed, gave the day the appearance of a well observed Chris tian Sabbath in New England, leaving the impression that tea, coffee, lemonade and other unimpeachable drinks, had taken the place of hot Scotch, rum punch, with an oc cas;onal suspicion of "Old Crow" or "Mo nongahela," which, happily for the public peace, are relegated to a secret closet in the back room, with the unsavory memories of the past. , ? On New Year's eve General M'Lewee of the Governor's staff, received a " Happy New Year" which he did not expect. He was to make the report of his_ department for the year, and -as Governor Morton's authority would cease in about eighteen hours, at the same time as his own, he thought- he could give the Governor and all his superiors good dressing down, and that - he would be eut of harm's way before any of the parties assailed could strike back. But General M'Lewee counted without his host; he evidently did not know how good at counter ing the Governor was. So, before sendin his report to military headquarters, he gav it to an evening paper,- a thing unheard of among military., men. When General M'Alpin heard of it he almost exploded and hurrying to the Governor laid the case .before, him-The Governor, when he read the attack on himself, just as he was about to give up his office, it made him mad from the roots of his hair to the tips of his toes. He immediately called a council of Varrah\bin"less~ time than it takes to say Jack Robinson,- General .M'Lewee received the grand bounce, was fired out bag and baggage;, scrip and scrippage. Hie sudden dismissal of General M'Lewee, in disgrace within eighteen hours of the time his com mission would have expired, has caused i very profound sensation among military men who say that General M'Lewee has put his military foot in it, and that herceforth he will be as dead in military matters herrings which are red." ' The split in Tammany Hall which.I prog nosticated a few weeks ago has come at last, and the clans are in open rebellion. Henry Purroy, who holds one of the most exalted and profitable positions within the gift of .the p'edple' of this State, "leads the revolutionists, and plenty of discontents are flocking to his banner. The rebellion is not so much against Tammany as it is against Mr. Sheehan who was made Tammany's leader on the retirement of Richard Croker. As far as regularity is concerned, Mr. Sheehan has the call; placed in the position he was, he had either to accept the Chicago nominee or get out of the Democratic party. He chose the first alternative md is not dead yet. If you want a party capable of honest work you must have organisation at its back. Or ganization means the subordination of the personal rights and feelings of individuals for the benefit and good'of the whole. For many years past, an old man might bo seen slowly walking- down town on the sunny Side of Broadway. His home was on Union-square, and to his house belonged the unique'distinction of being the'only private dwelling in that remarkably busy mart for oyer a quarter of a century. Except that his clothes were more shabby and ."greasy, and the stoop in his shoulders was .more pro nounced, the old man-did not seem to have changed in forty years. His body was long, thin and gaunt j his features were sharp thin and harsh : and while wobbling along, with shuffling gait, though seeming to notice nobody, his eyes were in constant motion, watching with apparent suspicion and fright, any person that chanced to come near him. Though he walked up and down Broadway every day at about the same time, nobody seemed to know him, but that is not strange for this busy Babel is not like the country, where a man or woman could give you the history of all the neighbors for twenty miles around. Old Pat M'Gafthey, was one of Mayor Fer nando Wood's policemen; he had been stationed on Union-square for nearly thirty years ; the old man knew Pat and Pat knew him; Pat never betrayed the confidence re posed in him, by answering the foolish questions of curious people who wanted to know who the old man was. It was a pitiable sight, of a cold winter's day, to see the poor old man hobbling along with his greasy old swallow-tniled coat, but toned up to his throat, and his battered i stove-pipe hat, which had evidently been a ! target for unruly boys in snowball time. A pair of dancing pumps served as an indifferent covering lor his feet. f.,r they had been patched and patched from time to time, till hardly a shred remained of the original pump, on which this marvellous structure had been reared. S»cks or stockings he seldom wore, and such luxuries ,. is: drawers or underclothing were strangers to his ward robe. No overcoat protected his poor old withered body from the biting blasts ,.,f winter. yet. this apparently poor old man had in safe deposits and in banks-over seventeen hundred thousand dollars in U. S. bonds and other gilt-edged securities, drawing an average interest of five per cent.; the V. S. bonds had not a coupon cut from them for j over twenty years. The name of this singular old miser was Richard f igh, an Irishman, coming fronyr.he very best of the old Irish families, who for hundreds of years have been recognised among the foremost, of the Irish ari.stocracv. Richard Tigh ostracised himself from bis family and his relatives, if he had any. There are oi'.ito a number oi people who declare ta.'o , hey nad h»''U\l him say years ago that ail of hi* relatives were dead. 1'Ut whe.ner there arc.ir whether there arc not, s«oj)]y itiiiiomnt iiitei- esiiug so f.". !ls !'.ir,i>he-; a :ot hungry relatives."! chance !<> gvr tha seventeen hmuhvu thousand dollars into c-iirt ami keep it there till the lav, yers have riei;e".t the hones of the skeleton and bid good-bye to Richard Tigh and his empty money bags. And so, good-bye, old year. Let the dead past bury its "dead ; we have nowtode.il with the.living present. *' Wh.itshall the harvest be." - ' . xours truly, BROADBKBI 