PLAYWRIGHTS, PLAYERS Am PLAYS. (By ' Boohdi.') ' The play's the thing wherein I'll catch the conscience of the King !' That was the happy thought which occurred to Hamlet, the moody, broody Prince of Denmark, shortly after his spiritualistic stance at Elsinore. It came out all right, too. The conscience of the King — it was a very small affair — was caught; in a neat little play called ' The Mousetrap.' Nearly everyone concerned was killed off in the last act, aud as the ' ratty ' Prince turned up his toes he smiled and said : ' Horatio, I am dead — dead as Pharoah's chief baker. See that my grave's kept green — more work for the undertaker I' ? ® o Nowadays, however, people produce plays, ! not to 'catch the conscience of a king,' but to catch the coppers of the people. This naturally leads to the making of all sorts and shapes of plays. Some are good, some are bad, and some are d ? d bad — not to put too fiue a point upon the matter. Not long ago the fickle fancy of the theatro going public turned to the ' Prdblem Play,' a work which (as my very good friend and actor, Alfred Dampier, smartly said) ' re lied for success upon medical research and hereditary sin, women with a pa3t, and men with no possibility of a future.' It is the fashion to howl down the Sex-Problem Play to-day, of course, but how did we 'crowd and crush to see brilliant Mrs. Brough holding up the mirror to the seamy side of nature in such alluringly shockingplays as' 'Tanqueray' and'Ebsworth.' Personally, I didn't like the Sex-Problem Play a little bit, because I didn't know exactly what to do when the 'risky' business was put forward. If I laughed, the young woman who took me to the theatre might think I was green enough for the goats to eat, and, if I frowned, she might jump to the con clusion that I knew a derned sight too much, and give me what the 'Nicest People' call 'the run.' Besides, when ever I want to cry I have no need to buy a 3s ticket for the privilege. I simply sit at home and think of my unpaid bills and weep for the sufferings of my creditors. No problems in my plays, thank you. Shakespeare and Johnnie Coleman, and 'Charley's Aunt,' and the divine Mary Weir, and the lovely lithe- limbed ladies of the high-kicking ballet, are quite good enough for me. ? ® o Just at present the problem play is 'out,' and the religion play is ' in.' The religion play is a sort of high-toned melodrama, in which the players dress up in tiger-skin hearthrugs and embroidered nightshirts, and instead of sloshing round and shouting out their loud ' what ho' s,' and 'damns,' and ' die vill- yun die's,' they move about like dyspeptic ghosts, and mouth pious ' patter,' liberally sprinkled with ' thys,' and ' thous,' and ' thees,' and ' untos,' and thereby catch the votes of the clergy men and their congregations. ? ? ? Occasionally the religion play is stuffed full of psychology, or what the chief character in one of Mr. Jones' play calls ' dam nonsense,' but it is not wholesome nonsense, and as for the ' great moral good' which this kind of tawdry tinselled Ch ristianity - tempered - with - the - bal let is said to work upon the public the whole of it could, be jabbed into one's eye with the point of an awl without endangering the sight whatever. There is more real religion in the honest doubts of Hamlet than in all the blessed bathos and buukum that ever came from the pens of Jones or B.irrett. Neither these nor any other authors write plays to 'catch the con science of the King,' or secure the salva tion of the people either. They write for ' spot cash ' — and they do right to write with that view — and the man who coaxes the saints with moral platitudes to-day will, for a like consideration, play down to tiie sinners with peppery problems to morrow. It is not his fault, of course. Most play-writers have an honest desire to elevate the people's tastes, but it doesn't pay to try that experiment for more ? than one season. And that one great test, ' Will I it pay,' is the standard by which all things j are judged to-day. j o o « I havo heard it said that the mania which King Henry VlII. developed for knocking off the heads of his old loves before he caught on to tbe necks of the new was started soon after he witnessed a performance of ' Bluebeard,' and there is strong reason to believe that Bluebeard's murderous designs on women were caused through his being compelled to sit behind a ' theatre hat 'as large as a circus-tent during the performance of one of his favorite comic operas, but with these exceptions there is really nothing to prove that any great good or harm ever came ] from a theatrical representation. What the people who attend theatres really want is good, healthy recreation. Persons who hanker after sermons can fill themselves to overflowing in our churches. As for me, I'll go and pray — for rain, or a horse in a consultation sweep, or for more brains — — or more ballet. BOO Some may argue that a judicious mixture of religion and the ballet is advisable, as it entices a sinner to listen to a sermon — just as a youngster is lured to take a dose of magnesia for the sake of the jam by which it is surrounded. This is very doubtful indeed. When the sermon is on the sinner goes out to 'see a man,' but when the ballet is on he perches himself in the front seat and wishes that, like Argus, he had a hundred eyes. An anecdote. e o o Two men went into a pub to prey upon the bar luncheon and fluids provided, aud after a few rounds with the refreshments had been fought the first man said : ' Don't you thiuk it was a very imprudent thing to take your little boy to 6ee the new Parisian ballet to-night ? Boys i bill be men nowa days, you know, and the sight of a lot of shapefy sylphs with very short petticoats ' and very long stockings may light an unholy fire in the youngster's tender mind that all the water in our lovely harbor couldn't quench. Pass the mustard, please.' ? tt o ' Oh, you don't know whafc you're cackling about ! ' said the second man, as he filled his month with pork and pickles. ' In the first place, taking the child to enj6y a little wholesome fun was the only excuse by which I could get away peacefully from the Missus, and as I managed to plant the lad behind a three-decker hat in the stalls, he couldn't see any more of tbe stage than if he had been polkaing round with Nansen at the North Pole.' ' I Stand corrected,' ijaid the First Man, ' and I'll stand a small bottle for misjudging you as well. I'm off the chain for a month, myself. Wife gone up the Mountains. Goodof'er'elth. Hurry up, ole man. I wouldn't miss seeing the new girl's high kick for a kingdom ! ' Wives have a deal to answer for when they let their innocent husbands loose in tho wilds of Syduey. Juafc at present; I'm on the chain myself. o a o As for the making of plays (of which there is now no end), almost anyone can write a play, but not more than two out of a thousand can get one staged — unless he runs a theatre himself. Bob Brough receives on an average one play every day, and as he reads most of them the record ing angel must write off a deal of tho punishment that may be due to him in a future state. Another anecdote. a o o After the ' old-time author? Boaden, had read his ' Aurelia and Miranda' iu the greenroom of Drury Lane Theatro, he observed he knew nothing so terrible as reading a new play before a critical audience., 'I know one thing much more terrible,' Daid an actress named Powell, who was sitting near. ' Whafc can that , be asked Boaden. 'To be obliged fco ait and hear ifc,' was fcbe crushing reply. And then tho fighfc began. o ' o o Even the gianta of literature occasion ally uuder-rate the work of play-writing. Coleridg'e once spoke slightingly of ' Ham let,' aud said : ' I could write such a play myself if I had the miud to do bo.' ?' Y-y— y-yes,' stuttered Charles Lamb. 'Er-r—r— anybody e—c— could write 'Hamlet.' All that is n-n-neceasary ia to have the mind.' o o o The staging of plays has been brought to something like perfection of late years. The writing of plays is ' up another street ' entirely. Playwrights complain it is next to au impossibility to get their productions performed. And the managers protest that 99 per cent, of the plays submitted are only fit to wrap fried fish in. Possibly both sides are right and both sides are wrong. Some men contrive to secure much attention, and a few free passes, by merely throwing out dark hints about what they intend to do; in fact, it seems easy to establish a reputation' for being a playwright, or a painter, so long as one never writes any plays or paints any pic tures. But to be a really successful play wright a man must, in addition to being a literary genius, have a fairly good know ledge of stage business and stage manage ment as well. Tennyson was O.K. as a poet, but he knew no more about the stage than a Malay pirate does about the Penta teuch. Hence his playa were ' frosts,' but 'DjinDjin' brought in ,£4000 a month: The ' book ' was not superior to Tennyson's work — at least that is my poor opiuion — but the piece was worked up and staged by men who were postmasters of their art. And the ballet! Oh, that ballet! Will it ever come again ? o c o Right here is the place to chip in a word for the realistic play. When Dickens ' created ' Manager Crummies, and made him rave in raptures over his thrilling drama with its 'real pump,' 'splendid tubs ! ' &c.;, he probably thought he had killed stage realism with ridicule, but as a matter of fact we ourselves have seen Crummies out crutnmled in the same line. Steam engines have outclassed the pumps, real tanks of real water have supplied the place of tuba, and the time is not far distant when 'Romeo and Juliet' will be improved by Juliet throwing a triple somersault off the balcony in bloomer costume aud then eloping with Romeo on a bicycle built for two. The possibilities of the Realistic Play are simply unbounded. Nothing but an Act of Parliament, or an earthquake, or a Maxim machine gun can keep them within decent limits. o o o Three other types of play worthy of note are the Melodrama, the Society Play, and the French play. All these are gene rally tun in old-time grooves, and when you see one type you can form a very fair idea of what all other shows formed in that line are like. The hero of the melodrama is the poor but honest, rough but virtuous, and remarkably clean yo'ung workman, who never drinks, nor smokes, nor swears, and (judging from his hands) apparently never works either. o * e In the principal scene this impossible young son of toil sails in and says to the equally impossible daughter of toil : ' Mary, I'm only a poor, rough chap. I don't wear fine clothes, aud I can't talk fine words, like the young squire, but I love you, Mary, I love you dearer than my life, and if a faithful heart and a pair of will ing hands are of any use they are yours while I breathe the breath of life.' Just here the hero — his name is generally ' George' — throws his arms apart and the heroine falls into the welcome space and says: ' Take me Ge- eorge ! I have loved you all my life !' Then they clinch, and as the curtain is about to fall the villainous young squire peepB round a post and hoarsely growls : ' 'S'death ! I'll be r-r-revenged on this ber-ragart boor !' And so the great scene ends, the gods howl with delight, and a bare-headed and shirt sleeved young man upstairs shouts: ' Happies, horanges, leminade, and a bill 1' At least, that's the way it used to be done when tbe old 'Victoria's ' walls rang with Homeric yells of ' Go it, Ber ford !' ? » o In the common or garden variety of the society play the lovers, haviug ' punctured their tyres ' on some of the tacks generally spread on the course of true love, the hero says : ' Mabel, I have come to say good bye to you for ever. I am about fco leave friends, home, everything that is dear, because I could never live to see you the wife of another. I hope you'll be happy, Mabel. I shall never return, and so goo goo-tfood-bye 1' Just as he moves off, how ever, the heroine throws up her arms, like the shafts of a semaphore, and exclaims : ' Harry 1' ' Ma-a-bel ! Me own Ma-a-bel 1 So you love me after all,' responds the hero, and, as the historians say, ' the whole world knows what foLlowe.' OOp In the French play, such as the hot and spicy original score of ' Friends,' the agony is worked up to boiling pitch in a scene which rages something in this sultry style. The handsome but unprin cipled gentlemanly friend of the family, finding that his host is away, has beeu giving the hostess a hard-run steeplechase round the room and over the furniture, her honor being the prize at stake, and having finally chased the panting dear into a corner, he begins to show conduct ' un worthy of an officer and a gentleman,' and exclaims : 'Lucille, you must hear me now. Without you my life would be a blank. I could not live. I would kill my self. I would kill you. I would annihilate the whole world. You are my all. Say but the word I so long to hear, and I am at your feet — say that blissful word which will make you mine !' m m o ' But — my husband !' gasps the trem bling Lucille. ' My husband, the count, what of him ?' ' Oh, d — n your husband,' replies the friend of the family, ' he doesu't count for anything now ; but, of course, for appearance sake, I suppose we'll have to let him live in the chateau with us — for the present.' ' Heaven guide me now,' sobs Lucille. Upon which the friend clasps her in a 'half-Nelson' embrace, the struggling pair come down with a sickening thud on the 60-guinea couch kindly lent by Walnutte, Plush and Co., the curtain falls, and if heaven is respon sible for all tbat follows it is not the kind of place I have been taught to picture it at all. There is not much morality in the French play — but there's a deal of money. Some day I'll write a play myself. Not necessarily with any murderous intent, but meroly to show Shakespeare, and Sardou, and Pinero, and Ibsan, and other struggling young dramatists how ' the business should be done. 