THE MYSTERIOUS .HOUSE. | Tho dnteot-ive had dropped the paper, telljng how Salyatoro- -Cavalieroj , the ' Long Branch Italian,; inado his , dwelIiog(-a., storehouse ; of plunder. r., ^ ' . ' Every house holds Its mystery,' tie began tiitely. ' '''? ''' ?? * ' 'Then he told the story bf a house' ? bV ' -would not specify particularly, ' 11 ' XV. -j. :wjm»,w-v»ucv» w !»«wu »t, » f 19, woin aju, bccausp thero . was something . odd . about ' i^ tenant.;. , ,A most respectablcjhouso in ,a( most respeotable neighbourhood^ It had, beezi 'aubltit to one William Smith, a smalt dark mw with a foreign accent. . ' ' Ho bad paid six months rent in advanco, iti lipu'of reforcnce, and 'as the dull 1 summer' ' season ' 'was; coming on the .'agent ?- bad not quibbled oven this, slight violation: of bis rule requiring references. Whence, he came, . what his trade, no .pno '.could .say, . tTho . rent wab ' paid iu gold. ' 1 ' * lV ' After Mr. Smith had moved in— he rooted i furnished— ihe strange proceeding 1 began, which attracted' tho neighbours' : attention;.; Just after sundown 1 muffled men! began to . appear at. the door,; which would open, -?reve)l- mg tho dimly ;lit hall. . The .visitor,. entered. Now the peculiar feature of tho .case was that no one ever came oui, 'while Mr. Smith existed' apparently independent' of the' butcher' and 'baker!. If you rang, -the manservant ' simply tdld you that his master was notin. ^But otber persons evidently found him in.- ? Threo or. fout persons passed that threshold daily, ; never to; re^pear over it. Of course tho neighbouring servants whispered marvellous tales of ghosts. If you went and scanned the' faces of those who entered, you found thoia to be apparently' gentlei 1 men, with thin intellectual faces, ? ' 1 ' Going up the ? steps tho visitor would peer about as if feating; observation. . . One of the double hall .doors . stood / closed. , While he waited he itjyariably steppod behiud- thia scrcon until , the other door .was, .opened. Then it shut on him. You might wait all night and the next day, as 1 havo done but the visitor never re appeared. The house, : ho&vily; shuttertid,' ! presented an impassive front to the street that told nothing of its mystery. ; L v ' Naturally,- : I had theories of murder or -othe^ .crime being committed there. . But there were uo reports of missing men and news paper persouals gave no due. . Nor did. wo have any'complaints or other evideuca justifying- a raid; Finally I decided to take the matter into my own hands. ? I did' this by boldly going up the steps a third time — I had been told' twice by thestrauge servant ^hat Mr. Smith1 was out. On this pccasion -1 followed closely on the heeis of one of. the visitors, who probably was destined never to appear again. 1 rang, and after a few minutes the door wos opened. ;Tiic. same servant stood there. He was - black,' with the regular features belongiug to East Indiana or North Africans. If you ever venture as far east aa Constantinople, you may ske men' of his type , in, the cosmopolitan street throng. The peculiarity, of this man . wus his shiuing blaek oyes that looked me through and through. He was in the regulation black coat and white cravat of the house lackey.' ? ' Mr. Smith ?' ? ''Sees no one,': ho began in a slightly foreign accent. A heavily-shaded lamp threw a subdued light on the stairway. ''But somo. one entered a half minute' bofore mc,' I began. Oh the other occasions I had asked who this mysterious Smith who con cealed an interesting personality very cunningly, uuder that most commonplace name might tie, what his occupation, whence he came. On both occasions tbo door had slammed in my face. ' ' This timo I took the precaution to put my foot over .the sill in such a way that tho door could not close. The man attempted, it. ' I stepped inside. Tho door swung into its place witb a little metallic click. . ' I fancied tho black eyes snapped angrily, but the man motioned me civilly into an adjoin ing room. This was an ordiiiary apartment furnished in the way of rooms in houses that are sublet, where the bric-a-brac, aud; .essentials' giving expression have been removed. A lamp with a red shade liUtbo place. ' ''Wait. 1 will see,' said the black. -f Presently he returned, this time hearing a silver tray, on which were a curiously-cawed silver decabter and some glasses, with a'plate of biscuits. ' The man made a sort , of obeisance that had in it somethiug oriental, as if he tiad stepped out of one' of the stories dealing with the Caliph Haroun al Raschid, ' While you wait, won't you have some I rofrcshmi'ut ? ' . ' ' l ' His accents were so suave that, forgetting any, suspicion, 1 did not stay his hand when , he poured some liquid like claret into one of the loug decanters. Lifting it to my lips I found it was u curious-tasting beverage. For a moment I thought it was molten tire. Then the black retainer appeared to bo daociug before my eye's, and I lost cousciousuess. ' When 1 awoke, I was on the couch in the t-ame room The lamp wob still huruing.' 'I raised myself tip; My head ached terribly. On ia chair near mc sat a little monkey grinning and chattering, it startled me at first, but in my trade ' oiiu ceases to be afraid, because buck of everything, however mysterious,' we are! accus tomed find humau cunning. , - 'I rose, threw tack tho shutters, and day light poured into the room., I had beenithore all night.. No one stirred except the poor little beast of a gibbering ape. I made my way to the outside door, seeing no one; and ran down the steps into the street, the monkey following. '* I returned with the policeman on thereat. We searched the house high and lo w. ; There was no evideuce ot occupancy beyond that of , the littlo ape. . No. trunk or clothing or food or. oven tho silver dtcanter from which.] had drunk. About the ape's neck'was a curiously carvod little silver chain witb somo odd cabal* ietic device' At the Zoo in the park they told me that he was of an Indian species. - ' Dyring all my. night stupor, what had be come of the mysterious Mr. Smith and his visitors ? They, were uever seen nor heard of again. The house was just au ordiuary dwell ing ou an ordinary street. But for me it still has an enigmatical expression of inexplicable mystery. ' 