THE CHRISTIAN. By HALLi OAINE, AUTHOR or "THE UANXHAn." IV. — (Continued.) Glory yn.3 sitting -with. -lier back to tho engine, drumming lightly on the window and looking out at the setting sun. At first she felt a certain shame at tho obvious references, but piqued at John's silence, she began to tako pride in them and shot glances at him from under half-closed pvpHiis .Trvhn v'fi« eBtlnrr nnnnsito liio arms folded. At the talk of tho men he felt his hands contract and his lips grow cold, with the feeling that Glory belonged to everybody now, and was common property. Once or twice ho looked at them, and became conscious of an Im pression tliat had floated about him ever since ho loft tho Brotherhood — that nearly every lace ho saw had the hideous stamp of solf-indulgcnce and sensuality. But tho noises of tho train helped him not to hear, and he looked out for London. It lay be fore them under a canopy of smoke, and now and then a shaft from tho setting sun lit up a glass root, and it glittered like a sinister eye. Then thero eamo from afar, over the creaking and groaning of tho wheels and the whistle of tho engine, the deep, multitudinous murmur of that distant sea. Tho mighty tide was rising and coming up to meet them. Presently they were rushing Into the midst of it, and everything was . droavDed in tho splash and roar. The Guardsmen, boing on tho platform side, alighted iirst, and on going oft thoy bowed to Glory with rather more than easy manners. A dash of tho devil prompted her to respond de monstratively, but John had risen and was tak ing off his hat to tho men, and they were going away discomfited. Glory was proud of him — lie was a man and a gentleman. Ho put her into a hansom under the lamps outside the station, and her face was lit up, but she patted the dog, and said, "You have vexed mo, and you needn't come to see me again. I shall not sing properly this evening, or sleep to night at all, if that is any satisfaction to you, so you needn't trouble to inquire." When he reached home, Mrs. Callender told him of a shocking occurrence at the fashionable wedding at All Saints' that morning. A young woman had committed sulcido during the cere mony. It turned out to he the poor girl who had been dismissed from the hospital. John Storm remembered Brother Paul. "I must bury her," he thought. V. Glory sang that night with extraordinary viva city and charm, aud was called again and again. Going home in the cab she tried to live through the day afresh, every step, every act, every word, down to that triumphant "X will."" Her thoughts swayed as with the swaying of tho hansom, but sometimes the thunderous applause of the audi ence broke in, and then she had to- remember where she bad left off. She could feel that heat ing against her breast still, and even smell the violets that grew by the pool. He had told her to give up everything, and when at leagth this occurred to her as a separate idea there was an exquisite thrill in the thought that perhaps somo day she would annihilate herself and all her am bitions, anu . . . "who knows what then?" This mood lasted until Monday morning, When she was sitting in her room, dressing very slow ly, and smiling at herself in tho glass, when the cockney maid came in with a newspaper which her master had sont up on account of a long re port of the wedding. There were two long columns of the event of Saturday, and she read it in snatches between moments when other re membrances of the day stole in. "The church of All Saint3' was crowded by a fashionable congregation, among whom were many notable persons in the world of politics and society, including tho father of the bride groom, tho Dulto of and his elder brother, the Marquis of . An arch of palms crossed the navo at the entrance to the chancel, and fes toons of rare flowers were suspended from the rails of tho handsome screen. The altar and tho table of the commandments were almost obscured by the wreaths of exotics that hung over them, and tho columns of the colonnade and front and the offertory boxes were similarly buried iu rich and lovely blossom. . . "Thanks to an Informal rehearsal some days before, tho ceremony went off without a hitch. The officiating clergy were tho Venerable Arch deacon Wealthy, D.D., assisted by the Rev. Jo- slah Golightly and other members of the numer ous staff of All Saints'. Tho service, which was full choral, was under tho able direction of tho well-known organist and choirmaster, Mr. Carl Ivrenig, F.R.S.O., and the choir consisted of 20 adult and 40 boy voices. On the arrival of tho bride a procession was formed at the west en trance, and proceeded up to the chancel singing 'The Voice that Breathed o'er Eden.' . . ." "Poor Polly!" thought Glory. "The bride wore a duchess satin gown, trimmed with chiffon and Brussels lace, and having a long train hung from the shoulders. Her tulle veil was fastened with a ruby brooch or 20 carats, and with sprays of real orange. blossom sent spe cially from the Riviera, and tho necklace con sisted of a ropo of graduated pearls fully a yard long, and understood to have belonged to Cathe rine of Russia. She carried a bouquet ot flowers (the gift of tho bridegroom) brought from Flo rida, the American home of her family. Tho bride's mother wore. . , "The bridesmaids wero dressed. . . . "Mr. Horatio Drake acted as best man." Glory drew her breath as with a spasm, and threw down the newspaper. How blind she had beeeu, ,how vain, how foolish! She had told John Storm that Brake was only a good friend to her, meaning him to understand that thus far she allowed him to go, aud no further. But there was a whole realm of his life into which he did not ask lier to enter. The "notable persons in politics and society," "the bridesmaids," these made up his real sphere, his serious scene. Other women were his friends, companions, equals, in timates, and when ho stood in the eye of the world it was they who stood beside liim. And she? Sho was his hobby. He came to her in his off hours. She filled up the underside of his life. With a cntsliiug sense of humiliation she was folding up the newspaper to send it downstairs, when her eye was arrrestcd by a paragraph in small type in the corner, headed "Shocking Occurrence at a Fashionablo Marriage." "Oil. Lord Jesus!" A glauce had shown her what it was. It was a report of Polly's suicido: — "At a fash ionable marriage at a West End ehurcli on Satur day (uo names) a young woman, who had been sitting in the nave, was seen to rise and attempt to step into Die aisle, as if with the intention ot crushing lier vay out, when she fell hack In con vulsions, and on being removed was found to bo dead. Happily, tho attention of the congregation was at tlio moment directed to tho bride and bridegroom, who wero returning from the vestry with the bridal party behind them, and thus the painful incident made no sensation among tlio crowded congregation. The body was removed to the mortuary, and from subsequent inquiries it transpired that death had been due to poison self-administered, and that the deceased, who bad been a woman of considerable personal beauty, was Elizabeth Anne Love (24), of no occupation, but formerly a nurse, a circumstance, which bad enabled her to procure half a grain of liquor strychninao, on her own signature, at a chemist's where she bad been known." "Oh, God! Oh, God!" Glory understood every thing now. "I've a great mind to go to All Saints and shame them. . . . Oil, it isn't tho police I'm afraid of. Polly's purpose was clear; she had intended to fall dead at llie feet of tlio bride and bridegroom, and make them wailt over lier body. Poor, foolish, ineffectual Polly! Her very ghost must be ashamed of the failure of lior revenge. Not a rlpplo of sensation on Saturday, and tills morning only a few obscure lines in little letters. Oil, it was hideous! The poor tiling's vengeance was theatrical and paltry but wliat of the mail, wherever he was? What did he think of himself now with his millions and his murder; yes, his murder, for what else was it? An hour later Glory was ringing the bell of a little houso in St. Johu's Wood, whereof the upper blinds were drawn. Tho grating of the garden door slid back, and an untidy head looked out. "Well, ma'am?" ' "Don't you remember me, Liza?" "Lawd, j»es, miss," and tho door was opened, "but I was afeard you were one o' them report- In people, and my orders Is not to answer no questions." "Has ho been hero, then?" "Bless ye, no. miss; he's on his way to the Continents. But ills friend has, and he's settled everything handsomo — I will say that for tlio gentleman." Glory felt her gall rising as sho passed into tho hoAso — thoro was something degrading, al most disreputable, even in tho loyalty of Drake's friendship. "lfancy Liza not knowing you. miss, and mo at tho 'all a Tuesday night! I 'opo you'll excuse the liberty, but I did laugh, and I won't say but I shed a few tears too. Arranged? Yes, tbo jury and tho coroner and everythiug. It's to be at 12 o'clock, so you may think Pvo 'ad my 'ands full. But you'll want to look at 'cr, pore thing. Go up, miss, and mind yer 'cad — there's nobody but 'or friends with 'or." The frionds proved to ho Betty Belmont and her dressing- room companions. When Glory entered, they showed no surprise.- "The pore child told us all about you," said Betty, and the littlo ono said, "It's your iiymo that's oauglit on, dear. Tho minute I beard it I said, 'What a top tino for a bill!' " It was the same little bandbox of a bedroom,' only now it was darkened. Polly's troubles were over. Thero was a slightly convulsed look about the mouth, but the features were otherwise calm aud childlike, for all the dead are Innocent. It was impossible to forget thoy had been friends. Glory's tears fell on tho upturned face, and . Polly carried them with hor. Tho three women, with derauro faces, wero sipping Benedictine and talking among them selves, and Polly's pug dog was colled up on tho baro bolster snoring uwllbly, (To be continued.) 