' NOTES AND COMMENTS. Some time ago the smart sub-editor of a newspaper wrote a book called the 'Errors of Socialism.* Recently the anthor and his mother committed suicide, and left a note explaining that they had neither friends nor money nor prospects of obtaining work, and they had no food for several days previous to their death. # * * * A story is current in New South Wales that an influential person in London has written a letter to a friend in Sydney giving An account of Premier's Beid's special interview with Her Majesty. In it is related how the Queen asked,' And, now, Mr Beid, how is Mr O'tSullivan, the member for Queanbeyan ?' and George replied, ' Quite well, ma'am, when I left Australia.' » * * * A Melbourne paper is responsible for the following :—There had been a ccach accident in New South Wales, and a young man was pulling what appeared to be the extremities .of H lady out of the debris, when the driver, whose knowledge of anatomy was greater than that of his willing helper, said in alarm, ' 'Old 'ard, young un, them ain't a pair.' • * * » From an exchange:—A well-informed paper says a Miss went from England to India, some years ago, and devoted herself to the lepers. Last year she had a furlough, and visited her mother in England. There she developed leprosy, beginning only with a whiteness under one fingernail. Immediately she returned to India, and has segregated Jierself with the lepers for ever. * * * * No doubt this ip true. In the leper section of Little Bay Hospital, N.S.W., as permanent residents for the rest of their days, are the wife and daughter of a well-known Sydney business man. They developed leprosy after a trip to the East, and are self- doomed to the living death whose approach cannot by any triumph of medical skill be delayed until the average limit of life is reached. We may hopefully anticipate local development of the dread'disease as alconsequence of our Eastern alien associations. * • * * A contemporary asserts that when the world's population exceeds 6,994,000,000, the earth will be unable to find nourishment for her people, and they will be forced either to cannibalism or starvation. This figure will be reached in about 280 years. By that time we will be dead, and will not care whether the quick are eatiog one another or living on 'Why don't you write something about Coolgardie,' asked our old friend ' Constant header ;' ' something about the early days V ' Place is too young yet,' we told him ; ' too many people know all about it, and the story would not interest them. Besides, the place has no past.' 'No past!' he bellowed, 'well I'm con-demned. Down there near Bayley's there's a house where there's been a wedding, a death, a suicide, and twins born yesterday. That's one place with a blanky past anyhow.' And he disgustedly left the office in search of a historian. * * * * 'Moab' writes in 'Westralian Review,' London :—They do funny things in the Golden West, but some of the queerest take place in connection with the administration of the law. On a recent occasion a resident magistrate addressed some warm words to a jury. There were two prisoners remaining over who were in luck, for, as a way of accentuating a protest against the discourteous manner in which they had been treated—they aeguitted the prisoners 1 .* ' » * * At a recent send-off in Queensland, the Italian cycling champion thus expressed .himself on the drink question as immediately affecting Northerners : — " Charters Tower people v$ra nice people, liket drink. Suppose you say 'Havedrink?' to Charters Tower man, he say ' My word,' because he like it. Not like this down south. Before I come here not touchet drink. Sinse me come up here me touchem whisky and porter—me like it porter (Porta) vera good stuff." • * * * •It was on the plains (says 'Woomera') after a couple of inches of rain, and the waggon was down to the axles. The driver had waltzed round those 24 bullocks for the last half-hour, amid a shower of ' hair and hide,' but the waggon hadn't 'budged an inch,' and there was not a friendly team within miles to give him a pull He thought it an appropriate time for. the end of all things to arrive, Bit he took a quiet walk round, and when he got to the driest spot he threw his hat and whip down, and went on bis knees, with the words, ' Angel Gabriel, blow' thy trumpet.' * * * * A correspondent commenting on our ' Kennel column' suggests that Canina shouldf introduce dog stories, and sends the following as a sample:—A little dog I knew tried to make amends for his sin6. But, unfortunately, he did not do it in the best way, although he did the best he could. He was a black spaniel, and had abstracted a feather duster from his owner's house, and while playing with it toreoutallthe feathers. The dog, after being shown the featherless handle, was given a severe whipping with it. He then disappeared, and about an hour afterwards walked bravely into the house witli a brand-new duster in his mouth. He walked up to his mistress and meekly deposited the new brush at'her feet. By the mark on it she saw that the dog had stolen it from a neighboring fancy goods store. \+ * * * A Bayley-street merchant, who has lately shifted his dwelling to a Eite near the uncaredfor graves of the pioneers, says that no matter how strongly a man asserts that he doesn't believe in ghosts, it may be doubted if he ever goes by a churchyard at midnight without feeling as if something were going to grab him from behind. • * * * As the convict Bertoli proceeded from the Court to the gaol to commence his sentence of seven yea's' imprisonment, one of the demi-monde passed him seated in a buggy formerly owned by him behind a horse which he frequently drove. A convict has, however, no feelings in this country. Bertoli leceived a fitting punishment. He took property. Had he taken life he might, if tried in Perth, have been acquitted. * * * . * By way of supporting the proposal that ' Canina ' should introduce dog stories into the Kennel column of the PIONEER a correspondent sends along the following tale of a cat:—'h'ot having sufficient confidence that a cat which he procured would rid his house of mice, a man recently sprinkled a banana skin with strychnine and left it where the mice could get it. The cat took the skin and dropped it into the cistern, and the whole family was poisoned.' • » * « ' Broad Arrow Standard' is responsible for the following story, which we fear is not true :—' Jack Blackham, the prince of wicket keepers, as might be expected, can tell many curious stories of actual experience, but of all I think the following is the best:— Blackham was playing for some country club when on a holiday bent, and of course was pressed to keep wickets, which be at last consented to do. The umpire at Jack's end was not a Phillips, but was wrapped up in the movements of the keeper. At last the batsman dashed out of his crease, missed the ball, and had his bails removed in a twinkling. ' How's that ?' asked Blackham at the top of his voice. The umpire, completely astounded at the marvellous ability of the man behind the wickets, could not reply for some seconds ; when he did he merely said, ' B-— wonderful.' * * # # On the authority of a scientific paper we take the liberty of intimating that it will be a surprise, no doubt, to learn that a man may measure the width of a river, or any other stream, by means of the brim of a hat, provided the ground on his side of the stream extends back level for some distance. Here is the way that it is done. The man stands facing the river and pulls down his hat brim until the edge of it is on an exact line with the edge of the bank on the opposite side of the stream. Then, putting bis hand under his head to steady it so as to keep his head in the same position, he turns slowly around and notes when the edge of bis hat brim cuts the ground on his own side of the river. The measure of the distance on the level ground will be the width of the river. There will be little chance of practically establishing the reliability of the test until Sir John's river flows down Mt Burges, It is unlikely Mr Benjamin Tillett, of London and elsewhere, will appreciate Australia. His frothy clap-trap and loudmouthed bunkum about the degradation of thje working classes, whom he likened to serfs ground beneath the iron heel of the men who pay the money, did not go in this country, and it surprised him to he greeted with derisive laughter where he hoped to be hailed as the advance agent of a new redeemer. The Australian working man is not a serf, and does not propose to become one. He hopes one day to be an employer of labor and stand round on the job with his coat on, and a Henry Ulay cigar fitted into the slit in his features in place of the rank old clay, for which he has much more respect. * * * * In Australia there are quite a number of Tilletts, men who live on the weaknesses of others and weep over the imagined wrongs of the workers until the man who toils promotes them out of the ruck, whereupon they forget him and his wrongs, and only remember that he exists on occasions when his vote and interest are solicited. Tillett and Mann did good service for the workers of London and operated largely in the direction of elevating those who were practically slaves to their rightful position amongst freemen. But the conditions of life here are different. The worker is equally intelligent with the impoited agitator. He knows his own book and is thoroughly qualified to play his game to suit his own hand without advice or assistance from men who do not appreciate I his circumstances nor understand hisaims and ambitions. Capital and labor in the Austialias have their fights, and will continue to disagree until the dawn of the millennium. But they fight fairly in the open. Jack knows full well that he is regarded by the non-combatant spectators of the strife as quite as good as his master. • * * * Criticising his Adelaide speech at luncheon with the Eight .Hours Committee, 'S.A. Register'says:—'He uttered a lot of none too coherent platitudinarian generalities and other things, which, as one listener observed, "sounded mighty fine, but would be finer if Mr Tillett had only explained in calm language what in the world he was driving at." . If the distinguished gentleman will in future label his jests he will prevent misunderstanding ; and if be will refrain from abusing courteous critics he will not be apt to create the impression that, like so many other people who- come with great reputations from the old world as missionaries to benighted Australians, he is stronger in egotistic gasconade than in lope or sound knowledge of economics. Finally, if only out of regard for the ordinary amenities which should exist between guest and host, he ought not to offensively patronise the people of Australia by talking of the " crass ignorance regarding what they claimed as economic reform " which he professes to have found " in the colonies." There i6 not the slightest necessity for Mr Tillett to spend strength among Australians in efforts to teach them how to extract the nutriment from eggs. They know how to do that at any rate, shockingly ignorant as they may appear when looked' down upon from the lofty pedestal < n which the'Tillettian intellect perches itself.' * * * * Tillett brought too much East End of London with him. Australians do not regard the Queen as an Aunt Sally to be pelted at - on any and every occasion, nor a leech who sits on a throne of gold and eats raspberry jam and ice cream with a silver spoon all through the summer dayB. As a fact they do not tiouble themselves about her or her salary, or how she comes by it, and while no doubt we would as loyal citieecs formally mourn her death, no native would lock liitjself up in his wood-house and pour sand and ashes over his raiment, or rub hog fat and powdered charcoal into his hair if she were addeJ to the list of departel queens of England to-morrow. To him she is a figure— the throne of England—on whose anniversary a holiday must be proclaimed and races are always held, He haB no great and pronounced love for her, but he has respect. He ~ tak&s; his hat off when the National Anthem is being sung, and at small provocation would knock the hat and a piece of the head off any who attempted to insult the figure by keeping his on Our general attitude is one of respect to constituted authority, and he who attempts to incite us to disrespect is going to fail dismally. * • * » » Newspaper men will thoroughly appreciate the following from London ' Referee' : —A g >od night's rest and a good digestion, says Prince lianjitsinhji in his new book, are the first essentials for a cricketer. Speaking ' off-hand,' one would be inclined to say that a good night's rest and a good digestion were the first essentials in every game, including the game of life. But I doubt very much if statistics would show that the legs of mutton at the top of life's greasy poles have as a rule been reached by the good sleepers and the good digesters. The man who sleeps and digests is a healthy man, and the thoroughly healthy man is, as a rule, less mentally active than the man whose nerves are affected by some physical discomfort. Sound sleep and good dige-tioa do not go to the making of great inventors, great financiers, great writeis, great painters, or great statesmen. On the contrary, the life Story of some of the greatest men has been one long diary of physical distress and nervous irritability. Probably in athletics, where presumably imagination plays no part, the good night's rest and good digestion are advantages. But I question very much if in the employments and professions in which activity of brain is needed they are not rather hindrances to. success. Of course 1 am only speculating. A good night's rest and a,good digestion are gifts of the gods, but, alas 1 gifts which they have never yet bestowed on DAGONET.' 4 * * * * ' E. S. C ' in the ' Argus' writes :—There was a good deal of—shall I describe it as 'competition?' among the Premiers' wives. For politeness sake I will use that word. Most of what one has heard as to' Mrs this' or • Lady that' must, of course, be hidden within the breast, and shall never be uttered. But I heard one very good story'first hand, which shows that Victoria was not wanting in a champion. At Windsor, after the presentation, Lady Turner was describing Melb- iurne to a member of the Court, and was proceeding in this vein :—' The ballroom of our Government House is bigger than the ballroom at Buckingham Palace, and .' 1 Oh, that won't do, Lady Turner,' interposed Mrs Kingston 'you'll be saying next that your Government House is bigger than Windsor Castle.' ' It's a good deal bigger than your little squire's house sort of a place at Adelaide, at any rate,' replied Lady Turner, Adelaide criticism thereupon ceased, and Lady # Turner had * the field to herself. * * In the annual report of the Queensland Department of Mines for 1895 appears the statement that ' tbe great Charters Towers goldfield alone produced last year more gold than tbe whole colony of Western Australia.' At tbe,time thf> statement was made it was perfectly correct. But time has witnessed a change. For the month of August, 1897, the whole of Queensland produced 2,016oz less than did the comparatively small tract, of country known as the goldfields of Westralia. the figures are W.A., 65,129oz; Queensland, G3.113cw. The sprite who turns the wheel of time brings (say6 an Eastern paper) some curious occurrences into the lives of human beings. Many of these events are explained in various ways, sometimes by blaming circumstances for the consequences of folly or vice, but generally by referring them to the neceesitiee of things. It, however, mostly turns out that in very few cases are gooi accounts given of how it comes about that people are faced with incidents which bear tbe stamp of chance. An illustration of what in meant was furnished b}' a suit in tbe Divorce Court. A man apolied for a dissolution of his marriage with hie wife, and joined another man as co-respondent. It appears, although this peculiar feature did not transpire in evidence, that the patties were married on the wife s birthday ; 6he ran away from her husband on her birthday ten j ears afterwards ; and they were divorced on the husband's birthday. * * * * Our correspondent Canina,' whose Kennel Notes have been received 1 with much favor by doggy men, would have no difficulty in filling a column with stories of the intelligence of the best friend of man if admirers were as liberal with their assistance as tbey have been up to the present in sending along incidents to the writers of these notes. The story which reaches us to-day is an exceptionally good one, and the author of it is willing to bet money it is perfectly true. Were it not for this, we would be inclined to question whether it actually occurred. More than this, the owner of the St. Bernard is associated with the practice of medicine, and men in that noble profession are usually as truthful as parsons, and more so than some lawyers. » * * * He is well known as a fancier with a decided weakness for the breed which is so much admired for its beauty as well as intelligence. 'What a lovely St Bernard,' commented a lady who viewed the handsome canine with admiration, and continuing, with an eye to future contingencies, she asked, ' Have you a Sarah Bernhard of the same species ?' A few days ago the doctor who, to make his dogs amiabie feeds them largely on bread, was sitting on his verandah when he noticed a state-looKing loaf on the kitchen table. He threw it out to the St Bernard, but it proved to be too hard and stale tor the dog's teeth, so the doctor took it away from him and gave the loaf a bath in a bucket of water. This softened up the loaf to the mutual satisfaction of the dcg and the doctor. A day or so after this episode he was sitting in his office idly watching his dog through ihe open back aoor. He noticed the dog le-ip the back fence with a large bleached beef bone in his mouth. After lying in the back yard some time, trying to worry a taste of ' cow ' out of the bone, the dog looked care- fully around to see that he was not observed, and not seeing the doctor, waited stealthily into the office, deposited the beef bone in a washbowl half filled with water, and snnk back in a sitting posture to see the thing mellow up a little. After about fifteen minutes of waiting be fished out the bone and nearly broke a tooth on it when he got it out in the back yard. The doctor, in an unguarded moment, broke forth into a hearty lau^h, and the dog, observing him for the first time, slowly walked away and did not return for three days, and then it was to ignore all friendly advances by tbe doctor. ' They meet as strangers now.' jjr The following conversation is reported to ~ have taken place between two company promoters at Stockholm :— ' Hullo, Bj , what's this balloon expedition to the Pole I see you are getting up ? Is it rumor or a fact ?' ' A fact. And what's more, it is likely to catch on.' That may be ; but what's it for V ' To follow Andree, you idiot; don't you read the papers ?' ' Of course I do ; but if Andrfie chooses to go on a suicidal trip ' ' There's no suicide about it. Andrde is a man with a head; he is combining business with his hobby, and has calculated everything to five places of decimals.' ' But supposing he gets there, how in the name of fortune is he going to get back ?' ' Get back! He doesn't want to get back?' ' Are you mad ? Does he want to stop there, then ? . . . Oh, I see, he has given you the tip. You're to follow him ; supply him with food at famine prices; get his I O U's, and the Government is to pay J' ' That's not bad for you. But you're clean off the scent. Don't you know that when he started Andree expected to be in Alaska in seventy hours V And then the promoter leant forward and whispered the word Klondike!' 1 * * - * * The gold hunter who starts for the Klondike region now will, barring accidents, arrive just in time to freeze up with the country. Jordan^ may have been a hard road to travel, but it must have been as smooth as asphalt iu comparison with the shortest route to the youngest gold diggings. The latter ought to be rich, for the working season lasts only from May to October. Frequent'y winter puts in an appearance in September, and is still going remarkably strong on the Queen's birthday. There is no discount on a Klondike winter. The mercury thinks nothing of dropping to fifty or sixty degrees below zero. The cold is of a dry variety, but the moist cold has yet to be discovered that will perform the work of petri- faction so thoroughly as a dry cold of fif^y degrees below zero. The latter freezes flesh and blood and bones even when the owner is well fed and not thinly clad. Many of those Who are now rushing to the Klondike will find enough of nothing except cold when they get there. Next summer there will be enough material lying about loose to start a conple of cemeteries, and the reports of fabulous gold discoveries will be a good deal scarcer than they are now. In a word, the adventurer who starts for Klondike now has about as much chance of ' striking it rich' before snow falls as those who put their money into Klondike or Yukon limited companies have of ever seeing it or a fraction of it again. An Iri ,h witness caused some amusement at an inquest r at Guy's Hospital, London, on August 4. The deceased was a dock laborer named Ring, who was accidentally killed by a piece of timber falling from a sling on his head in the Surrey Commercial Docks. The Coroner (to the witness) : Is your name Dennis Toomey ? Witness : That's what me mother called me and me father. I don't know. The Coroner : Just answer the question. Witness: Quite e'rreet, sir. I'll answer anythink. - The Coroner: Now, you be quiet, and don't speak until Witness (interrupting) : (Jntii you spake to me. Quite c'rrect, sir. The Coroner : Do you live at 17 Marshalsea-road 1 Witness: Shure, that's where I linger. I don't know about living at all. The Coroner: Did you know the deceased? Witness: Shure, and didn't I know him perfect for forty-one year. The Coroner: Now tell me just what happened. Witness : Jistax me the question, and I'll answer yer. It's yer place to do it. The Coroner : Well, how did the accident happen ? Witness : Well, I'll tell yer, sir. I'm not much of a man, but I can till yer that. The deal drapped 20ft, and that was quite enough, wasn't it ? Am I right or wrong ? The Coroner: Don't ask anyone else. Where did it strike him ? Witness (patting the back of his head violently) : Shure, it .was here, and that's enough. The jury returned a verdict of 'Accidental death,' but added a rider that the ' slinger' should be more careful in future in putting the sets of deal together. Lost child (to policeman) : ' Please, sir have you seen a man without a little boy ? 'Cause if you have, I's that little boy.' 