CHRONICLES OF CRIME. SOME OLD-TIME TRIALS. Court Curiosities. [By 'Old Chum.'] In 1826 the British House of Commons demanded and obtained papers relating to the conduct of magistrates in New South Wales in directing the infliction of punish- ments upon prisoners in the colony. At the time mentioned, and for years previously, the 'even-handed justice ' of the colony, as far as the magisterial benches were concerned, was dispensed by favor. Squatter A. tat to-day, to deal with Squatter B.'s assigned servants, who were had up for 'looking crooked,' or not touching caps to master, or not fulfilling an almost impossible task. Next day Squatter B. returned the compli- ment, and dispensed ' justice' to Squatter A.'s servants. A venerable old colonist, who has seen a good deal of the interior of New South Wales in the early days, tells me that some magistrates were so officious and anxious to indict punishments that they travelled from station to station, ACCOMPANIED BY THS OFFICIAL SCOURGER, when the morning salutation to the ' boss ' on arrival would be, 'Any one for the triangles to-day,' when the obliging squatter would round up his men, and present them to the 'Court' in his best parlor, and over a ram or two 'deal out' punishment. Some of the punishments ordered by the magis- trates read to-day more like romance than sad reality. Here are a few taken from the Parliamentary papers mentioned. Henry Bayne, a convict attached to the working gang in the Domain, was sentenced to re- ceive. TWENTY-FIVE LASHES EVERY MORNING until he told where certain property and money stolen from the residence of William Jacques, of Parramatta, would be found. Bayne was flogged five mornings in succes- sion, and on the sixth morning he was again taken before the 'Justices' — Heaven save the mark ! — and again ordered to the triangles. On the 3rd April, 1823, he had another 25 lashes given him. Still he would not confess; in fact, he had nothing to con- fess. ln May he was again brought before the magistrates, and as the 'cat' could not compel a confession, he was transported to Port Macquarie for twelve months. In another case the magisterial record reads: 'Henry Watson was charged with stealing five sheets, and appears to have confessed the fact. Sentenced to receive twenty-five lashes, and if the punishment did not lead to the recovery of the stolen property by the following Saturday, Watson was to get AN ADDITIONAL FIFTY LASHES, just by way of reminder that the property had not been restored. Mr Watson, how- ever, either did not know where the sheets were, or he was contumacious, for the magis- terial record reads — 'Not having made the slightest effort to recover the sheets for the right owner, and having endeavored to im- peach an innocent man, and causing him to be apprehended and brought before a magis- trate, when it appeared he was innocent, which is since corroborated by the prisoner's own confession, he, Henry Watson, is SENTENCED TO RECEIVE FIFTY LASHES, and work in double irons till the magistrates think proper to release him.' The next case on record seems ludicrous, but is a stern fact. Two prisoners, Bridget Rook and Margaret Murphy, were brought before the magistrates in October, 1815, for nuking away with a gown, the property of one Mary Carney. Rook acknowledged to having had the property from Murphy, and suspected that it was stolen. She admitted having parted with the dress to Miss Kitty White, of Sydney, in return for some rum. The sentence of the court was that 'Bridget Rook should be chained to Margaret Murphy, and remain so chained until the gown is restored to its proper owner.' There is at present walking the streets of Sydney, existing upon charity, an old con- vict flogger from Van Dieman's Land, whose TALES OF THE TRIANGLES would make a startling volume, if published. This old official — he ranked as a constable, as the flagellator at Darlinghurst now ranks as a senior warder — asserts that if he did not perform bis horrible office he was liable to be 'tied up' himself. That state- ment, however, must be received with cau- tion. At any rate, he made no money out of his years as MINISTER OF THE CAT, nor yet did the Government award him a pension. The latter is a somewhat hard fact, as the old bland hangman, who died quite recently, had a pension of £26 a year allowed him. The publication of this Par- liamentary paper, and the ARRIVAL OF GOVERNOR BOURKE put a stop to the jurisdiction of these accommodating magistrates, many of whom, like Major Mudie, were struck off the com- mission of the peace. The superior courts sometimes made mistakes too. In digging up some old-time matter recently I came across one incident worthy of being repro- duced. At the Campbelltown Assizes in 1830 two storekeepers at Berrima, named Shirty and Ohamply, were charged with burglariously entering the store of one Atkinson at Oldbury. They were convicted and sentenced to death. A point reserved at the trial saved them from the scaffold, and they were transported for life to Norfolk Island. They had been there a year when A NOTORIOUS ROBBER NAMED WEBBER was captured after many efforts, tried and sentenced to be hanged. On the day before his execution Webber confessed to the Sheriff that it was he who had broken into and robbed Mr Atkinson's store. He had been its assigned servant of Atkinson's and knew the run of the place. In his contrition Webber pointed out where the property was still concealed near the scene of the robbery. There Atkinson found it, although at the trial he swore to goods in Champly and Sherby's Store as being his. All he could do be did. He represented the matter to Governor Darling, who ordered the release of the storekeepers, ruined in health and pocket. Wabber was offered his life if he would dis- close the name of the receivers of stolen property, with whom he was known to have had dealings, but he pointedly refused to give any information, preferring death to transportation for life to Norfolk Island. Two cases of murder tried at Maitland in the forties are worth recording, as showing a similarity in the commission of the crime, and the minute evidence which secured the conviction of the accused. The cases were tried at different assizes and had no connec- tion with each other. In March, 1846, a case similar to the well remembered "FISHER'S GHOST" MURDER was tried at Maitland. William Shea was charged with the murder of a Scotch farmer, Andrew Menzies. The men were partners in a farm on the Hunter River. The harvest of the year had been abundant and profitable. Shea spread a report that Menzies had left the farm, and had gone, home to Scotland, and that he (Shea) had bought his interest in the farm, in support of which he produced a document purporting to be a sale. But the neighbors disbelieved the story and commenced a search for the old Scotsman. Denny Bay, the Police Magistrate, who a few years before had dis- tinguished himself in capturing the JEW BOY'S GANG, and who is still well-remembered as a fear- less, energetic and upright man, headed the search party. Blacks were employed, and, starting from the point where Menzies was last seen, they followed the tracks until they ceded at a stump hole. As black ants were coming out of the hole the earth was re- moved, and the body of Menzies found. The body was much decomposed, but by the grey hair and clothing it was fully identified as that of the old farmer. In Shea's hut wai found a tomahawk, the handle of which was stained with blood. In the eye of the tomahawk was A SINGLE GREY HAIR, which was found to correspond with the hair of Menzes. Shea, who was found guilty, con- fessed his guilt immediately before his exe- cution. A year afterwards, in the same town John Putcell, was charged with the murder of Joseph Palfrey, near Cassilis. Revenge and jealousy were the motives for this crime. Purcell's wife had abandoned her husband aud children, and was living openly with Palfrey. While Purcell was in custody on suspicion, a settler visited the neighborhood of the hut with a view to establishing a sheep station. At a waterhole, about a hundred yards from the hut, his dog com- menced an energetic ground scratching. As there were flies about, the settler (Brady) drew the ramrod of his gun and thrust it into the earth. By the smell be knew there was something putrid below. The result was the finding of the body of the murdered man sewn up in a bag, three feet below the sur- face. In Purcell's hat, concealed in the bed- ding was a tomahawk. In the eye of the weapon were A FEW HAIRS, corresponding in color to those, of the mur- dered man, Palfrey. Purcell was found guilty, but under the aggravating circum- stances of the case, was not hanged, the death sentence being commuted to one of some years on the roads, as the sentences then ran. In the same year a murderer escaped his just fate through AN ERROR OF THE JUDGE (Burton). A man named James was tried for the murder of his wife. A man named Primrose, a witness, was so drunk that he was incapable of speaking. The Judge ad- journed the case for some hours, in the hope that a medical man would be able to restore the articulation of the witness. There was no improvement, however, and the Judge discharged the jury. At a second trial the man was found guilty, and sentenced to death. The point was raised that the Judge had no power to discharge the first jury. The Full Court declined to determine the point, and referred the matter to the Crown Law Officers in England, Lord Campbell being Attorney General. These lawyers declined also to settle the point, but advised that as the culprit had been 12 months in the condemned cell, he should be discharged from custody, a proceeding which satisfied Mr. James as well as an acquittal. 