:TH HOST OF SEA YALI. i '?o be let or sold. A t\ll-furnished 122.room cottage. Lovely scenery, close to sea. Good fishing. l-ow rent. Apply agent, Sea Vale, Somerset." The above advertisement in a London paper was the talienmai which drew us to Sea Vale, a quiet watering place on the Bristol Chanunl. My father, a retired naval ouicer, hated town life; but we had lived in London for the sake of the boys Their educa 11on was now completed, and all beinga well out of hand, there remained no blidmrnce to my father's modest ambi tion.for life in the cetantry, with at bit of fishIng to while away the time. The Knoll was a low, irregularly built house, Ivy clad, and nestling at the foot of a larch- crowned hill, the slopes of which were clothed with Iossy turf, jewelled with sweet wild thyme, pink sea thrift, dainty harebells and-golden trefoil. In front of the house was a large gar den overflowi-' with fruit and flowers growlng with little regard to order, but tirescnting a beautiful whole to loversof old-fslhioned gardnlening. Great bushl t.ses, glowing with masses of bloom, tsweet Will nams inl endless varietsphiks, ilarksp?ts, and quaint-faced pansies grew: side by side with (ruit trees and vegetablej. About a mile beyonil the garden Icy the channel. of which tiler' was au tlnbroken view from every win dlow. 'The sttslte of the house proved exceed ingly comfortable. although the entrance was esnewh:lat mean, there being only a smnill hall, with the foot of tile stlits -lose to the door ont ol side. and a 10ong, Itarrow window oni the other. 'This was exnrtly opposite the dining-room door, whi'hJ room was of rather unilue seltapr, having anll lcave:fcinog the door. Hind the alcove been it either end of thoe room it would have given length. but sophtced it seemaed meaningless and use ItIn, exel)pt for the Ipurpose of keeping ount of the way a hi igh. cllmbetwmtue. mntiique cabinet. Which otherwise would alve greatly trespassed on the very ltimitedl spa'ce. The Knoll swas the proplerty of a Mrs larsh. h;t she hailad not tared to live there sillwe the ileath of her hIusallnd live years ago. The absurldly "low rent and the dis eorery thlat the 'Knoll hanl changed teuants itnoe timnes within five years, miade mly father dilbious whether tills sneeidingly tltartittghaven of rest might not prove deftective ill tlhe matter of drains or water slupply. tButt he decided to take it for six nollnths with the option of pnrchase aIt he end of that time. We wentit :Iat inidsummer, and by Christmns were so well satisfied that we hadl filleln ]poll a lbarg:tin such as we were seartely likely to aga;in meett nn eqt:il thatnmy 'fthetl'r was alxtjut it:lik iug arnltlgentienlts frtr Ipurchnth:tilng. whenl tan incident occurredl whiric altered our deesie to i.-.ses this pieturesque eot it.was Chrishunas Eve. All my irotlhers were expectel Ihome by the last tmirl. I and mly sister. Madge, were putting up evergrleens in the hall. Darkiness fell upol its before we had cetmlllletCd out' t;ask, ilut the laip llnt ld firelight stream ing front the open door of tihe dining roenr (whler-e Itantal. our one dlomestle. was: laying tiler table ini readliness for the nitavll'r?-sewas eqeileo slllieieeui. iMadge', -who was on a step htdder, placing ivy -over tihe window, suddenly gave a piietinlg shriek, and fell in at heap on the floor', covering her eyes -is though to s.int out some fearful sigit. HIIannahI .rushled out of the dining-roolm. and in so -doing closed.tile door after her, which 'added to the confuesieon until mliy father cam' runling down slairs with a light. '"What upon earth is the matter" lihe exclahlned,as Madge, springing up.threw liersnlf into hiis arms and Inburied her face oti.hls shoulder. "Oh. father." sile crited, "I saw a dreadfull old iman :t the window. He ,looked as if he were dead. Is he there niow?" anid sihe shulddered as she clung -to hhll. .My. father opened the front door, but nlothing could he see but the laurel bush, whihb grew close under the window. "There isino one there. You a:re over tired, Ma'dge,"he saidsomtewhat sternly. "IHanunah,.take all tiles rublbish away" giving the holly a kick as it lay on the floor--and " he led M:ltlge off into the ilinilg-room inld poured lier out a glahss of wine,. but she could not be convhiced tlhat it was her er ncrves that were at fault. "Would. you Ilud staying with me. Mitss IIanley, while I dclea up the holly?" said Hannah. "Whiy, Hannahl:" I laughed. "Surely you are not afraid of the nan ait the wi-idow'T, "Ye' , Iam. Miss," she retulrned in a doggedl way, ":ndl you must plehse get soltcone else tis soon is you e?n. I dulrsit't stay here now that Miss Madge has seen old 3ersih." '"Old Marsh! What do youl mean'" '"Why, it was 'im, Miss, sets enough. :is Miss Madge saw. I was told when I came here that I should never stay le c?use of 6Ol MaIrsh's ghost. But I didn't belleve in ghosts then, and said I'd risk eeein' 'im.anyway; hut you see, Miss, it is true enough." "I really t10 nolt understand you, IIan ntll. "Who is old MIrsh?" "'Why, Mtr' Marsl's huslxband, Mis. -He comnmitteil suicide out in the garden ithere. That is why Mrs Macrsh eanfot lear this pllace. They say old Marsh -comes and looks in at the ilall window. lie looks just as he did when In his .coffin. I dare not live here, Miss, so Ilease take a month's notitee." "Really, Ianunah, I am astonished that a wvoman of youre age and sense should believe so imliossible a story.. I suppose you haveb-een.telling Miss Madge this aiU]rlti riucor." "'No, indeed, Miss. I have not. I prontm teed Mr. Small, the agent, I wouldu't tell why the other . Olole left, and I sthouldn't have said a wordt now If old Maarsh hadn't come back." Thie.arrivtl of the boys dismissed for' thle time all.thought.of old Mrush, al tthough Madge was so timid in passin g ithe hall window at night that I nwas ?nrefnl:to see that the blind was d?rwn at dark. The isohltted position of the househad hitherto nlade this seem un necessary.. Iy .father and tue boys ireated her alarm and Iti nnaluh's deter nlisation to leavnre as a huge joke, nuntil one nilght wlen I had forgotten to dranw ih bllnd,'BeornarOd, my younigest brother, went from the .drawincg-oeoi, where we nil were, to fetch sometllilng fromi the dhclng-rootn. "Fanther." he called, "nme lir lere quickly:' The sharIp ring of terror or ]nin-we eould not tell which - in his rolce ade adus al follolow tIy fatlter into the halt "Look," eled BermtnlidI, w ei, Wlth lanched . face, stood miihay between lhe dinlng- room and the Itell wlndow ; 'Is that old Marsh'i?" There, sure enough. In the upper lxrt of thewindow, we all could distincutly see-tirB ensd and shoulders- of nn" old man. T-.he feIatues set, the eyelids osel, tA- in tue sawful stillness of deathb. In life it c6uld not have been other than :•i untilenasig face, bit wthl the seal of dtli ldding to its coldness and harld \- ass, it lappearel .positively hideous. "'Phis must ie a cleverly played trick" sald my fathler, golng close up to tihe slassand peerlung out. But the cold, etlil face seemed to moreik tiZ, for theer .St was, In shadowy ontlinle against the Jautels. He and the boyS searched .around tle ltnsbes, but nothing could they see or ear stave thie soughllng ofthe wind and \- he mnvrmur of tile distant sen. Holt' after ho~ur we kept golng out into the leall to see if the shadowy form of the old masn were still there. Yes, tleler it -cvas, and its very immoralleness added to its horrible fascination. It was long after midnight befor e wclould he per -naded -to ditspertse, although fat-ele, tpolt his rette fcn foic tting out the lights in tlhe dlning'-loo. tihanklfully info- rmed tLs Sihat the horrid fase had edislplwared. "I will lfa?honl thiA to- ocir-rowt," said i e, "or else w t will go out of thie house : at oner. I vwill see ihe' agent and Icer' Swhlt he Ihaa to sly aliet this cock-and. bull story iHannar.tells." Accordlngly iext day he went to eia 'ale, _-The agent aullwed that it was reported that Thie Knolt was hitunted, bitt, said he, "'That, sir is easily accotluted for, because of M(r Marsh destroying lhimself in the garden facing the house. People are ialnays ready to declare a place luttinted that has been the scene of a tuielde or murder." SQuite so," agreed my father. "I am no believer in ghosts, but the fact re mains that mydaughter,a fortnight ago, saw the head and shoulders of an old man, apparently dead; and we all saw the same face last night through the window. On no account shall I remain at The Knoltl unless the affair is cleared up. Will you spend an evening with us? Should the face again appear you will at least be able to tell us if it re sembles the late Mr Marsh?" Willingly the agent acquiesced ; but though he came for a whole week noth ing was seen of the apparition.. That the man thought us little less than idiots we were well aware.. "I thliik, sr," said he one evening when he rose to go, "you will allow that it Is useless my coming out here night after night." " It does seem like it," returned my father. "but come until the end of this week." At this moment IHannah burst into the rooml without ceremony, crying, "Old Marsh! sir, old Marsh!" Quickly we went into the hall, and again were confronted by the cold shadowy form of the dead man. The agent took one glance, and putting up his arms to ward off the dreadful sight. exclaimed in hushed, horrified tones: "It is he, sh it is Mr Marsh!" Expl:lntation there was none. Sleep in th:tt hosne another night not one of us would. late though it was, we walked into Sea Vale and took rooms until such tlime as we could remorveour belongings. The agent refused to again undertake tihe letting of The Knoll. le wrote Mrs Marsh a full account of what he had Iilmself witnessed. The following day brought hint a let ter from Mrs Marsh, who commenced by expressing her thankfulness to have .t last discoveredlthe reason why sIte could not keep a tenant. Having no portrait of her lI1tband she had a cast taken af ter death and a bust executed by a well known sculptor. This bust she felt sure was not a thing strangers would eire to have about. Therefore when she let TheKaiollfurnlshed,itwas placed on the top of the oak cabinet fuacing the dining room door. That it was the reflection of this hust thrown upon the hall win dow she had but little doubt. She re rquested the agent to ask my father to go uilth him to The Knoll and see for hinm self. We went that night in a hl?ly. No thing could'be seen of the bust from the door, tbut Upan ellmbing to the topll of the step ladder there it was, pushed far back atttailst the wall in the hollowed arch of the alcove. We lighted the laInps:nud went into the ball. There, as before, was the face that had so alarmned us and previous tenants. Upon closing the door it, of course, instantly va nished. We are still living at our beautiful cottage, and we often tontgratulate our selves upon the fortnuate discovery of an optIcal illusion, whclh. upon tile re moval of the bust, hlappily freed us from the Iptresence.of " Tile Man at the Vint dow."-'"London Dramatic News." 