A Woman Above Him. BY L. O. MOULTON. They were as simply happy as two children together. This, Stuyvesant thought, was what home might be, with her in it- bright and free and pleasant-a place to lay aside every care, and be ufiterly happy. What if his old set did wonder, and his sister lament ? What pleasure had they ever given him in all his life that would make up for one hour of Ruth Nickerson's companionship ? He was silent, forgetting in his happy dreams even to talk to her; and she mean while was busy with other thoughts. She was the first to speak. I'I find I can stand very well now,' she said, 'and I think I must go back to my work next week. Mr. Gesler has written to me that my place is ready for me at any time.' The words made Stuyvesant feel as if a cold wind had blown on him. He could not have her go back there, this woman whom he was growing to hold in such tender reverence, to love with such ardent love. He hardly knew what he said, but it was his soul which cried out to her, without any will of his own. ' our place is here, .Ruth, if you wilt only take it-here with me, in my heart, in my arms.' Was she misunderstanding him! Her face turned as white as the marble Venus over there, at which the bronzed warrior looked forever with his untired eyes. Stuyvesant sprang toward her, and took her hand in his. How the touch of her finigers shook him with an emotion he had never known before. He forced himself to speak very quietly: 'Have you not known that I love you ? If you are not my wife I shall .never marry. I ask you to be mine before Heaven and the world; I have never asked any woman this before.' A colour swift and bright as flame came back to the white cheeks and lips. Galatea may have looked so when she began to feel the strange, new life in her veins. ' You ask me to marry you,' she said; ' you, Ralph Stuyvesant, ask me, a singer in a Varieties Theatre, to be your wife.' ' The answer came in solemn earnest : ' Beore Heaven, I ask you to be my wife, to save me from my life long loneliness, to be what no one else ever will be if you are not.' And then there was silence, through which they could hear their own hearts beat. He looked at her, and the tears were falling from her eyes like rain; but there was a strange brightness on her face which illumi nated it as the sun breaks through an A.pril shower. She answered him at last. ' No, I cannot marry you, because I love you too well. But to remember what you have said to me to.night will be the joy and riches, and pride of my whole life-time.' ' And your love for me means that you will do your best to break my heart,' Stuyvesant said, very bitterly. There was a smile on her lips then, such as the Queen of King Richard the Lion-Heart might have worn when she beiit her lips to suck the poison from his deadly wound. 'I love you so much better than myself that I will be contented forever with the dear, deep joy that lives in the thought that you have loved me once-so well that I will be contented to work when others are idle; to be cold when others are warm; to live my life henceforth, no matter how humble or how toilsome it may be, and thank Heaven for it all, because of the riches of this memory. But you, my king, my love, you shall never marry a woman who is what I am; who might make you ashamed; whose story you could never tell to your children. No, a woman who loves truly does not bring to her lover such a portion as this. Besides, I aiPn not even free.' To all the rest of her words Stuy vesant had listened as a man listens to an argument he is prepared the next moment to overthrow. But this last sentence hit him a hard blow, and he grew pale in his turn. 'Not free ?' His voice was so husky he wondered himself at the strange sound of it. 'No, I might, I suppose, have got a divorce easily enough, but I never oared for it.. I had suffered so much before Tom Nickerson left me that I cared for nothing but to be left alone. If I could earn my bread honestly and have no more special torments, it was all I asked of Heaven.' Bomehow Stuyvesant felt like a judge. His voice sounded'hard and stern to himself as he questioned her. 'Did you love the fellow once ?' 'Yes, surely, as girls love, else I should not have married him. He was young and handsome, and I sup pose he was fond of me. At any rate, he thought so, and I was an orphan, and had nobody in the wide world but him. We were happy enough at first.' 'And then?' the man's stern voice asked. 'Then my baby died, and I grieved for it, and he was angry, and I sup pose he got tired of my tears. At any rate he fell in love with some ene else, and he began to'play high, and in a little while he had used up most of his money, and then he went away to Now Orleans, and I did not care to go with him, and I don't think he wanted me.' 'And that was-how long ago ?' 'Four years ago last autumn, and thank Heaven I have never heard from him since.' 'Then nothing would be more easy than a divorce. You need take the trouble to prove nothing else than this desertion. Ruth, you can be free -you can bless my whole life. Do you mean that you will not ?' 'LI mean that I w?ill not,' she an awered, 'and you will kill mne if you entreat me. My part is hard enough at best; do not-' She did not finish her sentence Her head fell against the crimson back of her chair. The pallor of her face looked more like death than like life. The lashes drooped over the sad, dark eyes, and the hands that had fluttered like wild little birds when he first took them in his to-night were limp and cold. He bathed her fore head with cologne; he hold some aromatic vinegar to her nostrils; and soon she opened her eyes, and looked at him with such a piteous gaze that it made the tears come into his. 'May I go home? I amso tired,' she said, in a weary voice. Oh, if she would but let this be her home, and let him shelter her from all her cares, and bear all her burdens. But he could not entreat lher any more to-night. He lifted her from her chair, and helped her, almost carried her, to her room. Then, as he left her, he said: 'Oh, my love, my sweet, one love, you will think of it-you will think better of it.' The.ghost of a smile answered him. .' I will think,' she said, 'but I can not think better than I have thought to-night.' The next day there came to him a little note. It said: 'I have thought, as you bade me; and I know I am right. You must never say one word more to me about that love which is the crowning honour and glory of my life, because I neither have, nor will I seek to have, any right to hear it. If you persist I must go away; and then we shall lose each other altogether. But if you will let all things go back to where thev were before last night. I will be your friend, and you shall be mine, and I will go on singing for Mr. Gesler, and stay here. Otherwise I must see you no more.' There was an absolute sincerity, a straightforward earnestness in her note which compelled him-to which he could oppose no resistance. He said to himself that in more senses than one she was a woman above him. That evening he met her very quietly. She had willed that yester day should be dropped out of their lives-so he went back to the day before yesterday, and was her friend. It was, indeed, as if a rose had closed its crimson heart, and turned to be a bud again, but even the bud was sweet, and he cherished it tenderly. The next week she went back to her singing as she had planned. One night Stuyvesant went to hear her. It was an innocent song, enough-the audience was mostly German-honest, beer-drinking men, with their wives and daughters, or sweethearts. Mrs. zNickerson was safe enough there, but it was an incongruous scene-the poor tobacco, the escaping gas, the busy bar-maids; and stand ing in front of these, and singing as quietly as she could have sung to him at home, the woman that he loved, clad all in white, with a crimson rose that he had given her upon her breast, with the fitful, flickering colour on her cheeks, and the amber lights in her dark eyes. It was a pic ture to be remembered, but he never cared to see it again. The days and the weeks went on, and . the spring came softly up that way. There were flowers on every street corner, and the warm south wind blew. Rich people had gone out of town, Stuy vesant's kindred among them; and vexed enough they were, especially his sister, that he insisted on remain ing behind. But still Mr. Gesler kept his little theatre open, and still Mrs. Nickerson sang there every night, and while the city held her Stuyvesant could not find it in his heart to go away. One evening he sat smoking leisurely. It was impossible to go to bed early these short nights, and Mrs. Nickerson had promised to stop and see him a few moments as she came home, though she obstinately refused to let him come for her to the theatre. He had ordered some ices for her re freshment, and when, about 10 o'clock, the bell rang a startling peal, he thought they had come. But pre sently Mrs. Jenkins brought him up instead a telegram. 'It is for Mrs. Nickerson,' she said, as she handed him the ominous-look ing yellow envelope. I' brought it to you because if there's bad news in it you miight be able to comfort her more than I could, she's such a friend oif yours. Mostly telegrams do bring bad news, don't you think so ? It always seems as if people thought good tidings could wait, but they couldn't send troubles fast enough.' Stuyvesant made some brief reply, hardly knowing what he said, and then Mrs. Jenkins went away. The ices came presently, but his pleasure in the thought of his friend's enjoy ment of her little feastwas gone. The frozen grapes and peaches seemed like the outgrown toys of a child. This telegram was something which concerned a hard and stern present trouble, no doubt; for, as Mrs. Jenkins had said, people never make haste to send good news. The mo ments seemed ages till she came. She tripped in lightly, and smiled just as early in the evening he had fancied she would smile, when she saw the ices on the table. He slipped the telegram behind him. The day of judgment might be in it, for what he knew-let her enjoy her little feast irst, just as he had planned she should. A few moments more or less need make no difference. The yellow envelope could wait a little longer. (To be continued.) 