Country Correspondence. WILLIAMSTOWN. October 20; A concert was held in the Wiiliamstown Council Hall on Wednesday, October 13, for the benefit of the local cricket club. The performance was opened by an instrumental piece by Mrs. McNamara, and Mr. and Miss. Mitchell, followed by a chorus from the circle, which comprised Messrs. G. Brown, A. Pike (corner men), J. Trestrail (centre man), W. Smith, J. Jerrad, W. Mitchell, Misses G Worden, E. Mitchell, and Mrs. Pike, Mr. J. Mitchell officiating at the piano. The first part of the programme was given by the above. Mr. G. Brown sang 'Climb up Ye Children, Climb,' which was well received ; Mr. Pike, 'Say, Darkies, have you seen de Massa' ; Mr. W. Smith, 'Poor old Jeff has gone to rest'; Mr. J. Trestrail, 'Poor old Joe'; Master W. Mitchell, 'Mary Blane' ; Mr. J. Mitchell, 'Sweet Elsie of the Glen,' (in very fair form); Miss Worden, 'A Spanish Cavalier'; and Miss E. Mitchell, 'A Soldier's Letter,' (well received). Between the songs jokes were passed between the corner men, and while some were good others were very dry, and too much time was taken up in telling them. A short dialogue from the corner men closed the first part of the programme and brought down roars of laughter. Mr. Pike showing his acrobatic ability in vault ing and tumbling away from the supposed ghost. After an interval Mr. W. Collins followed by singing 'Gaily Chant the Summer Birds' in excellent style. Mr. H. Spring bett of Lyndoch gave 'The Young Brigade,' which was also very good. Mr. J. Mitchell rendered "I aint agoin' to tell,' for which he received an encore. A song, 'Jolly Jack' from Mr. Springbett was fair, and a trio by the Springbett brothers was well received. A farce, ' Doing My Uncle,' given by Misses G. Taylor, A. Taylor, Mrs. Garrett, Messrs. Garrett, Hammat, and Dyer was well appreciated by the audience, but owing to the frequent promptings its effect was somewhat spoiled. Mr. R. Boss, J.P., carried out the duties of chairman. There was a good attendance to witness the performance, the takings for the evening being £5 7s. 6d. LYNDOCH, October 27. ' : Mr. Potter of your town gave a lecturette on ' Oddfeiiowship' in the local Lodgeroom on Friday evening. The lecturer was accompanied with a contingent of brsthren of the Gawler lodge, and all best on making a -pleasant evening for. themselves and the Xynctoch brethren. Mr. D. Kennedy, jun., presided, and in addition to an interesting sketch of Oddfeiiowship, and an account of its rise and growth historically, quite as impromptu programme was snbeni'ted. As jfche lecture was free it is regretted more of the people did not take advantage of the treat afforded, ,for an intelligible exposition of the order and all its benefits was given in, a lucid manner by Mr. Potter. Proceed ings commenced with an overture by Missee Riohter and Minne. SoneB were intersDersed at intervale during the lecture. MesBrs. Springbett (3) contributed vooal items. Tbe Gawler friends, who were in the happiest of moods, filled the major part of the pro gramme. Mr. Stewart's exhibition of club swinging was appreciated, for it was neatly aud gracefully performed,' while Mr. Cramp -brought down the house with hie song, . Mr. Skewes, who is a mimic of no mean order, pleased all by his characteristic rendering of ™Bbw: Socker Set bis Hen,' and also ?'Paddy on the Coronation of the Queen.' Mr. ?ope also recited 'Indecision' in 'eioentioD»ry atyle. At the close of a very isbciableiand merry evening Mr. Springbett -proposed a heartyvvote of thanks to their ^Gawle? brethren, and to Mr. Potter in par ticular for his excellent lecture. : A number Of 'the visitors -responded, and things ter- - iniDated-happtly 'with Uie National Anthem. Ttae^Dimftl^lfstribation of prizes and wN tiflbates In oonnftoHon with thj&publio; school -took-Jplaoe ^on ' Monday ^afteaxobn| /0^£&Bf; drawlbg «nd ohip-oarTing were'Tiandea tb; the successful children. Ont . of . nine_ e^bUs eight prIi»B were se^^ five were firsts. The eohool recently passed ' 'a most creditable examination, 'oBtaining jt percentage of 03*41, which Inspector Cork characterised as excellent, as well as the whole discipline of the' school. Mr. W. Barritt, who' presented the children with their laurels, shortly addressed- the school, as also did Mr. J. Davidson, and both spoke in complimentary terms of the teachers asd the taught. Aphotographicgroup of 38 pupils;, who had obtained every possible mark was' exeeated and presented to. the successful children by the headteacher,: Mr, M. H. Thiele, Daring the afternoon the school children sang, trader Mrs. Thiele, several pieces excellently, '...... ?-?'-. 