Carrington Municipal Council THE fortnightly meeting of the Car- rington Municipal Council was held on Wednesday night, in consequence of the usual night of meeting falling on Good Friday. There were present: —the Mayor (Alderman Graham), and Aldermen Rodgers, M'Cann, Garrett, Marsden, Light, and Morison, with an apology for Alderman Doran's absence. CORRESPONDENCE. From J. C. Garrett, jun., applying for a license to drive an omnibus. Received, and held over for considera- tion, the applicant being under age. From the Under- Secretary and Commissioner for Roads, authorising the expenditure of £17, unalloted portion of the special endowment, on Young-street, fronting the Seamen's Institute and Church.—Received. From the same source, intimating that all vouchers for payment in con- nection with the expenditure of special endowment should be sent in not later than 30th June.—Received. From Mr. W. Gale, intimating that his driver had been summoned for driving without a light on the 6th instant, and asked the council to over- look the case on account of the fact that his cart had broken down. He enclosed the bill of cost for repairs to his cart in proof of his statement. He promised the offence should not be again repeated, excepting through another accident.—Received, and on the motion of Alderman LIGHT, seconded by Alderman GARRETT, it was resolved to refund the amount of the fine, the mover and seconder both stating that the inspector had but done his duty in the matter, but the circumstances of the case warranted the council in refunding the fine. From Mr. Robert Lundy, asking council to put a few loads of gravel in front of his property, now rented by Mr. Clarke, as the pathway was in a very bad state.—Received. On the motion of Alderman LIGHT, seconded by Alderman MARSDEN, it was resolved to grant the request, the work to be done when funds were available. From Mr. R. Allan, secretary B.A. Football Club, asking permission to erect goal posts in the reserve.—Re- ceived, and request granted on the distinct understanding that the posts should be removed when the council requested it. From New South Wales Treasury, intimating that £98 8s 2d, amount of ordinary endowment, had been placed to council's credit at the Commercial Bank of Australia, Newcastle.—Re- ceived. From Mr. J. E. Fenwick, pound- keeper, Tarro, forwarding 10s 2d ex- penses on horse impounded through this council.—Received. REPORTS. The council clerk and inspector's reports were read and dealt with as under:—1. Council's balance at Com- mercial Bank of Australia, Newcastle, after payment of wages and accounts would be debit £61 10s.—Adopted. 2\. The inspector reported results of seventeen summonses issued for breaches of the bylaws, and added that his action in these cases had created a great deal of animosity towards him. Notwithstanding this he was fully prepared to carry out his duties fearlessly and without favour to anyone. Records of the past would prove that he endeavoured to treat all alike. He did not expect to please everyone; but so long as he had the confidence of the council he would put aside all the outside unfair criticism such as had appeared in the Herald's issue of that date under the name of "Man on the street." Alderman GARRETT moved, "That the clause be adopted." Alderman M'CANN seconded the motion. Alderman LIGHT said he had no ill-feeling in the matter, neither did he attach blame to the inspector, but if the council intended to enforce the bylaws on a few they should on all. He would protest against any more summonses being issued unless the firm of Morison and Bearby were compelled to remove obstructions from Cowper-street. Alderman MARSDEN spoke in a simi- lar strain, but considered that the inspector could proceed in this case as well as the others. The inspector, having been per- mitted to explain, referred to the fact that the council had in the past given permission to Morison and Bearby to so use the street, and until that had been counter- ordered he considered he would be acting contrary to the wishes of the council. The bylaw, he said, also was plain on the question that proceedings in such cases could only be taken "on the order of the council." When that order was given him he would undoubtedly put it in force. Alderman GARRETT explained that neither the Mayor or inspector could proceed in the matter without the order from the council. The motion was carried to adopt the clause. 3\. On behalf of the foreman and him- self he submitted an estimate of cost of improvements to Little Young- street, north of Cowper-street as £23. —Adopted. 4\. In view of the fact that the fence of the recreation reserve was down almost continuously during the pro- gress of the reclamation works, the inspector asked the council to consider the necessity or otherwise of suspend- ing an order of the council made January 27th, 1893, which authorised the collection of agistment fees, seeing that horses and cattle could not be secured in the reserve. This clause was adopted, and the suspension ordered. 5\. A horse which he had impounded and unclaimed he had sent to Hexham pound, and the council's expenses on the animal had been received. Adopted. The finance committee recommended payment of wages and accounts amounting to £19 9s 8d, and the council now adopted the recommen- dation. The MAYOR reported having given temporary relief to the front of Mr. Lloyd's hotel, but. recommended that the works committee visit and inspect the spot; also, that level pegs had, been removed from the reserve and goal-posts erected, without authority. These he had caused to be taken down until such time as the council had consented to their erection. The re- port was adopted, and the Mayor's actions endorsed. MOTIONS. The adjourned debate on Alderman Rodgers' motion, "That we respect- fully urge the Minister for Lands to allow the transfer of the £50 park vote to the general account, in repay- ment of £53 advanced and expended in the reserve," was allowed to remain over until next meeting, as Alderman Rodgers had to retire from the meet- ing early, having, another important engagement. Alderman LIGHT moved, "That the council communicate to the Railway Commissioners, and respectfully re- quest them to erect an electric light on the west end of Robertson-street bridge." This was seconded by Alderman GARRETT, and carried. Alderman LIGHT moved, "That this council communicate to the Railway Commissioners, and draw their atten- tion to the nuisance which is caused by the thick smoke from the hydraulic works chimney, which is attributable to the inferior class of coal being used in the said work." Alderman MARSDEN seconded the motion, stating that the inferior coal was in his opinion the result of stop- page of the cranes that day. He could not understand why such inferior coal was used. Alderman GARRETT thought it was out of the province of the council to interfere in the question unless a peti- tion had been sent in stating that there was a nuisance existing. Alderman M'CANN thought it was purely a matter for the Commissioners to attend to. Alderman MORISON pointed out that by the previous motion the council was asking a favour by an increased light, and thought the present alleged com- plaint would not blend well with the other request. Alderman MARSDEN suggested that the motion be withdrawn, and brought on in another form. Alderman GARRETT objected to the motion being withdrawn, when Alder- men Marsden and Light left the chambers, the latter remarking some- thing about the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Alderman MORISON: Yes, and his Satanic Majesty. The curtain then fell. 