CYCLING- ROUND THE WORLD. THE LOVELY CITY OF LAHORE. '■UMHITSAR'S GOLDEN TEMPLE. [By John Bosteii Eraser, S. Edward Lunn, and Francis H. Lowe.] Umritaar. We have been annoyed. Long before reach ing the land of innumerable gods, when ploughing tho sands, and moaning the absence of roads, and kicking every boulder in excess of nasty temper, as though they, poor unoffending but obstructive bumps of rock, were to-blame, we cheered ourselves with the thought, "Ah, wait till wo get to India; there shall we find good roads; there are the finest roads in the world." At Kurachee people said, "Of course the roads are magnificent; but not just here. You will strike a pukker road at Hyderabad." At Hyderabad'it was, "Dear me, no, but from Sukker; yes, from Sukker it is like a billiard-table." "That's nonsense," said Suk ker later on, "there are bits here and there, but—but. Anyway just wait till you reach Behawalpur; there the Grand Trunk- road runs right to Lahore." Did it ? Not a morsel. The good road was a cyclist's will-o-the wisp. Multan was to pro vide us with the one thing prayed for. Once there was a flicker of hope, but only a wobbl ing, undecided flicker. "AtMontgomery you reach the Grand Trunk," said all Multan. " At Raiwind it runs right across the railway line," said all Montgomery. " Oh, you must .go on to Meeanmeer," said all Raiwind. .Patience ceased to be a virtue. We trundled the railway line till we were sick of it. Wayside signallers, uucertain whether we were a new kind of locomotive or not, waved a red flag, then trifled with the green, and ultimately fluttered tho dirty white. Being treated like a goods train ruffled us. There is a dazzling red shirt in our kit. That was our revenge. Goods, passenger, and mail trains could see the red chlvh bofm-o show Kn.w fclin nvelist. The whistle shrieked and spluttered, and the brake applied. "That's it, give the poor engine a rest," we said. Necks craned from tho windows, and pice were gambled' whether we or the mail would reach tho next station first. We are truthful chroniclers, and therefore let us con fess that the mail usually won. If, however, the secret history of the Indian North western Railway ever comes to be written there will bean account of mail trains delayed at some stations five and ten minutes to allow the passengers to jieep at three wild wheelmen, who came panting behind. But in the prosaic official reports of to-day it will probably be read that those mail trains were retarded by heavy Wind and sand-storms. . Eight hundred miles cycling along a railway track was a trifle monotonous. We got weary of the eternal expanse of shaven earth. Even a sunset, with the darkening of a warm purple haze through a delectable glimmer till just one bar of scraped lead rested on the edge of the world, was regarded with a blase eye. Tired of the boiled peas and pasty bread on which Hindus . sustain a ricketty manhood, wo proclaimed that when we reached civilisation two. cows would be slaughtered to make a gastrouoinical holiday. The Hindus, laughed. "Gentleinens, you are funny gentlemens. Other gentlemens they never smile, but you gentlemens make fun; I like you gentlemens." When we'had swal lowed "the piece of sugar we told about England. The Hindus crouched round and looked into our faces as though we were in spired orators. They marvelled at the smallness of England, and the necessity of having it surrounded with a wirq fence to .prevent children tumbling into the sea. _ At Raiwind we held an indignation meeting remarkable for its unanimity. The meeting took place on the edget of a railway sleeper, and it was proposed, se'eonded, and carried by acclamation, that India , was a distinct frost, that three estimable cyclists had been grossly deceived, that the Indian Government should be called upon at once to _ provide pukker roads, that the country, instead of being sylvan and romantic, was made up of sand, railway lines, and vegetarian Hindus, that—. And just then a duststorm came racing along, like a hot, gritty London fog—that is if a London fog can be hot and gritty—and we huddled on the leeside of the railway bank and waited an hour and a half till it was tired. Then in the darkness of night, six miles from Lahore, we at last, certainly and without mistake, reached the Grand Trunk-road. We had pursued it for over 800 miles, and we sang the Doxology. • Lahore is a sort of glorified Kensington Gardens. There seem to be no streets, only avenues. Such avenues. The borders are lined with flowers. Such flowers. And all the build ings are palaces. Such palaces.. The luscious per fumes of the eventide, strong and fragrant, are like the whiff of a ballroom, hot and clammy, but scenty. There is the Mali, where "everybody drives up and down in'the cooling hours, eyeing everybody else with cold scorn. If you are a deputy assistant secre tary £o a deputy assistant commissioner it is different, and you may get a nod. Unless you are a Government official and wear a monocle, and swear at the natives, you cannot be invited to dinner. The sight of sights is on Sunday morning when the colony goes to the Cathedral. Then is there a glorious contest in gorgeous raiment among the ladies. There are magnificent barouches with magnificent horses, driven by men in startling colors and with flunkies perched behind in more startling colors—a perfect lord mayor's show of sump tuous silks, wooden dignity, and "the odor of sanctity's eau-de-Cologne," all hastening to beseech the Almighty chey may be meek, and their hearts not given to vain-gloriousness. We went to the native town. It was a swift transit from Kensington Gardens to a conglomeration of Petticoat-lane, Old Cairo, and a rubbish heap. The streets are narrow, packed with a kaleidoscopic throng, the air so thick you can cut it into junks, and half the flies in creatiou buzzing about you. When our-European carriage met a Hindu carriage —a sort of cross between a Punch and Judy show and a dirty-linen basket upside down, held together with four long sticks and two trees as shafts, and generally with four-pas sengers—the entire traffic was blocked for half an hour. The incessant beat of the tom toms was like a throbbing nightmare, horrible paintings of horrible men grinned from the walls, barbers were busy shaving a clean line across Hindu heads, fakirs, smeared with mud, which was their only attire except.a club and a necklet, scowled when we smiled. At every casement sat Hindu women in their finery, somo beautiful, some not beautiful, greasy haired, with rings on their fingers and toes, in their ears and their nosos. In a courtyard hung with flowers and shaded by an awning was bawling and instrument torturing and noisy applauding. We pene trated. There was the naughty na'uteh dance in full swiug. A crowd of amused men squatted in circles, and they banged one another about to make room for us. The orchestra worked hard and perspired freely. The nautch girl, fat and ungraceful, also perspired freely. She was not languid, or poetical, or dreamy. She was just a stout woman, very hot. So we came out of the oven and found the blistered streets cool by contrast. A bundle of wonderfully gabled houses split the rush of the mob in twain. On a dirty , board was a dirty notice announcing the quarters of the "The Lahore Theosophical Society." Over- the way one read; "The freshest and most patent medicines sold here!" 7 The Hazuri-bagh, the summer residence of potential uawabs in former days, was delight ful. One could ■ breathe poetry. There was the rustle of the thick- leaved trees; the marble retreats gleaming white; the spiral pillars, 'and the damty running inlaid iloral designs; the blue and the gold and the green plaques; the shimmering mirrors, exquisite and graceful. The white stone and golden top of the Ranjit Sinjh's tomb showed over thecourtly banyan trees. We sauntered among the roses and in the shade of the palms, climbed the steps of the red mosque, and stood in the marble hall where rest the ashes of the nawab and those of his four queens and seven concubines and two doves, all sacrificed 011 the funeral pyre. Not a sound from' Lahore, though so near, trespassed on the silence. There were only some chattering crows in the high branches. It was a place for a man to rest in and be contemplative and grow wise. Looking over the wall one saw Hindu hoys playing cricket, and under the trees an Eng lish girl, bloused and straw-liatted, was spin ning on her bicycle. The Eort is ciose at hand, sturdy walled and buttressed. At the gate a stodgy Thomas Atkins, who spoke a mixture of Kuightsbridgo, Somerset, and Brecon Welsh, greetedjejs. " Want to see th' forts, gents ? Hall right, you jistfoiler me. You're ridin' rhan the bloomin'world, ain't yer? Strike me, but yer rum uns, look yer. Zum folkses likes work. Not rue; no bloomin' fear; Hi tykes hit heasy. Hindia! Ob, Hindia's hall right, look yer; that is, fur 'em us likes it. It's a fair cough drop a' times; a cooker, a reg'lar knock hout, s'help me. Yer sees them pictures on't _ wall. Rampagerous helephants all a'-fiting. Ain't that 'un on't right giviu' t'other chappies socks.' That bloke in front salutinVhim. on't bridge; he'saSyk; fair maulers in fightin'; they can bruise, catch yer in 't wind an' knock yer silly. But I aon't, look yer, reckons much on 't natives. Las' week they had a Rummydam or a Rum myzam, some religiousness like, and there was near somo upsettin' o' apple-carts. We hed our guns ready an' 'ud give 'um beans hed they started hanky-pankying. Now, look here, gents. You sees that bridge. Well, when tli' British cops this'ere fort the rajah johnnio he jimps it an' gets corpsed. An' them Syk soldiers won't do a blessed bit o' guard duty at night—says as how the rajah's ghost is alius abhout. So we Henglish, look you, has ter keep guard. Seen the rajah 2 No sioh luck. If I saws him I'd make 'im show his kit. Nine view! Yes, gents. If yer wants to yer can climb them there chimbleys." "Youmean the minarets of the mosqueS" was hinted; " I don't know what yer calls 'em; I calls 'em' chimbleys." , He was a garrulous little fellow, was Mr. Atkins. As we looked over the armory he imparted curious information about antique implements of war. He stuck a duinpy list on a dumpy thigh and, rubbiug the back of his other .dumpy fist across liis_ forehead, said, "It's warm, gents, an' when it's warm it gets thirsty like. There's the canteen, an' there's no hobjection, mind yer, to yer goin' in; that is if you've a mind." We hadn't a mind, and preferred inspecting the wonderful marble audience chambers, liner than anything we saw in Persia. We climbed to the top of the tower and looked far over the land of the Pun jaub, and listened to a naive description of fort defence. "The nytires hever tyke this 'ere fort!' said our guide, with a touch of_ derision. "Look yer, wo has bloomin' provisions fur twelve bloomin' years. Tyke 'hit; I'd like ter see'em." One afternoon we spent in the silent recesses of. the Shalimar Gardens—a. kind of Oriental Versailles, with big basins of fountain spouted water, and gurgling cascades, and twittering birds, and notices that you will be prosecuted if you pluck the flowers—English flowers—sweetwilliams, pinks, velvety pausies, I foxgloves, wallflowers, cornflowers, mig nonette, and weeds. In the evening wo rode over to Umritsar, the !5t. John's Wood of Lahore, only oil miles away, and we covered the distance in an easy three hours, with a slice of moon, which is better than no moon, as our lantern. For we travelled that most blessed of all roads, the Grand Trunk, and our hearts grew exceedingly light. The road is made of konker, and its nearest English equivalent is concrete. Heavily foliaged trees shelter the way, and on either side are tracks for the bullock waggons, also shaded. We could siug a paean on the Grand Trunk. There is plenty to see in Umritsar—in cluding a shocking statue of Queen Victoria, with a crown stuck jauntily and uuroyally on one side—but after you have seen all you only remember one thing.- That is the Golden Temple qf.tho Hindus. When we saw it we recanted our heterodox and unappreciative opinions about India. We made our .pil grimage in the early morn, when the air was sweet and the natives were busy with their ablutions, smearing themselves with caste marks, tying charms about them and getting stuffed with holiness to last another, twenty four houi-3. We sallied througly the packed and busy streets. There was a big red stone tower, and we were salaamed into a room with rich carpets and gaudy settees, our shoes were whisked off, and our feet encased in gold bedizened slippers of green and blue, and we were asked to unload any cigars or cigarettes, for it was desecration to carry tobacco within' the temple. Advancing m the silver light of the early day we came to a row of steps, where a stream of chocolate-stained humanity was tumbling down with a confusion of tongues and such a bewilderment of attire. A lake lay in front,' surrounded by walks of white marble: A white marble archway, carved and embrasured and with dark recesses, flaunted two orange banners. A pier of white marble pushed to the centre of the lake, and on a marble floor, and resting on a shelf of marble, was the Golden Temple, a square building, ornate, embossed, with eccentric chiselling and slim pillars, delicate eaves overhanging trellised tracery, ranges of lotus-flowered towers, and all of gold—pure, dazzling, gleaming, glorious gold; an Oriental heaven, a scene that spell bound the imagination. 1 At the bottom of the steps was a twisted tree that the worshippers touched with the tips of the fingers, then putting the fingers to the forehead. _ Beggars and lamed and blind sat in rows with outstretched palms moaning prayers. Hundreds of Hindus were at the water's edge splashing in the holy flood. We went with-the surge, and were the only people not carrying roses." _ The great arch with the orange banners had a gateway of sheeted silver on- one side, and the other was of sandalwood inlaid with ivory1. As the crowd grew dense the perfume of tne roses hung like a mist in the air. At the door of the temple all prostrated and touched the ground with their foreheads. We entered and stood on one side. Iu the centre lay a silken sheet piled with roses. A string of white-robed priests sat around, with the chief priest at one end near the sacred book of the Sikhs, and on the cover ing rested wreaths of red roses. An orchestra with soft stringed instruments played pathetic and sense-stealing sensuous melodies, and often the players joined in with the low hum of their voices. The walls were of rich red and vivid green chased with gold and broken intd gothic vaults overhead. A damask embroidered awning swung above the priests. The crowd, demure, fantastic/earnest, walked; round the priests and threw their offerings of roses into the lap of the silken cloth. It was beautiful— this offering of the blushing flowers, the reverence, the meekness, the atmosphere of mysticism, the lavish resplendent -wealth, the impressive music, the fasciuating "Eastern ness of it all. We came .away speaking no words. - But what a jar we received at the outer gate 1 There was a horde of vultures that swung upon us.. "Now sahibs, can't I sell you some curios, some fine knives; here's a knife that a Pathan committed a murder with at Peshawur; it's five rupees more than the others." Photographs, sahibs, won't you buy my photograph's?" " Will you come,'.sahibs, aud see some Indian carpets'? I don't want you to buy them,' just to,see them; do,' sahibs, come; really. I don't want you to buy, just to see," And so on. We tried to coax them away witli friendly sayings; they were con .founded nuisances. But it was easier to coax ail earthquake with the historic bun tlian coax those fellows. We said—"Well, to-morrow we will,come and buy all your goods." -Which was a )ie, for we are-'leaving Umritsarthis afternoon. 