SAYINGS AND DOINGS. Jowott's Sermons. A lillionaire's Opinion. Thore was recently erected in 24 hours in Chicago a house of worship that holds 3000 per sons, with organ, furnituro and other equipmont ready for use. Golf waB put down as a nuisanco by Act of Par immune in ocotiana in iwi Then ones were in- ' flicted upon people who woro guilty of playing tho game, which interfered with fcne practice of archery, as men prcforred wielding the olub to pulling the bow. What is probably tho most venorable piece of furnituro in existence is, suys an exohange, now deposited in tho British Museum. It is tho throne of Queen Hatasu, who reigned in tho Nilo Valley some 1600 years bofore Christ, and 29 yearq beforo Moses. This now delupidatou object seems to bo of lignum vitaie tho carving o! the legs boing inlaid witli gold, and those of the back with silver. A traveller who recently visited India statos that ho was astonished by the precocity of Hindoo childton. Many of them are Bkilful workmen at an age when other children are learning tho alpha bet. Ono of tho most expert carvers in wood ho saw was a boy of 7, and many of tho handsomest and most costly rugs aro woven by ohildren'not yet in their teens. President Felix Fauro was agreeably surprised tho other day by a visit from an old lady, to whom, after urgent solicitation, he had granted an audi ence. Her motivo, which sho had concealed, was o inform him that her admiration of his policy was so great that she intended to leavo aim a million francs. The President tried to disBUado her, but, seeing that she was rcsolvod, he thunked aud embraced her Tho Earl of Onslow has just forwarded to Mr. J. E. Whitahouse, tho Constable of Oakham Castle, a new horseshoe, highly decorated, bpariug the fol lowing inscription " William Hillior, 4th Earl of Onslow." Tho shoe has been sent in responsoto a request from the Constable of tho Castle to con form with an ancient custom which requiros all peers of the realm who pass through tho town of Oakham to contribute a horseshoe iu lieu of a fine. A singular marriage oocasioned a flutter of cx- citemont in tho fashionable circles of several cities in Amorica on July 16, says the New York corre spondent of tho 44 Standard." Mr, Frank Hill- house, a well-known New York club man, was married to Miss Sarah Fitch while she held tho hand of hor mother in her colfln. Tho explanation is that the mother having died beforo the date of the marriage, tho daughtor satisfied her uncon trollable impulse that her husband should receive his bride from her mother's hands by wodding him besido hor coffin. A boy recently arrived at San Francisco aftor making a journey of 10,000 miles without paying a farthing for railway faro. This enterprising tra veller is a boot-black named Joe Davis, 14 years of age. Joo has croBscd tho contiuout three times, perohed securely on a brulce beam or hiddon away in freight cars. Ho io a master of the boot-black ing art, and has polished shoes in every city in tho country. He is now talking of eailiug for China on a trip round tho world. Brick-paving for carringo-ways is largely used in tho States. One American State alone pro duces 500,000,000 paving bricks per annum, an other 300,000,000. It is claimed that neither granito, nsphalte, nor wood could offer so many advantages. Vitrified brick, if properly laid, is. it is Pin.!, as noiseless as any othor pavement, ana the fr r .ice smooth without being slippery. It is also, cm tiio claim is made, practically impervious, and thcreforo perfectly sanitary and is easily cleansed: it is readily taken up and relaid, is reusonnble in first cost aud maintenance, and bad a life which compared favourably with wood or asphalte. We have boen favoured with a picture of an ap palling invention— -literally 44maae in Germany" — having for its object tho prevention of prema ture burial (says the 44 Daily Chronicle"). The machine is well calculated to add a new terror to tho graveyard, # It works on the slightest move ment in tho buried coffin, so thut a pausing van, or stin more, a moving train, may by tho oscillation it sets up causo the dread thing to work. And what happens is this. An iron box springs open : n black nag flics wildly upright, a bell clangs, ana the glare of an electric lump lightens the country side. Wo can concoivo nothing moro trying to tho nerves of the living than tho consciousness that these dread engines aro scattered promiscuously over tho churchyards of tho laud. We aro .hob afraid of ghosts, but we frankly confess that wo would not pass by a church at night if wo thought that one of theso terrors was nigh. A story is told of a well- known groat lady, nnd a lady who had heen great, but who. owing to cer tain amiable weaknesses, found horeolf banished from the world she had once adorned. The two, who in London had for many years been strangers, met ouo autumn at Homburg ; and the reigning representative of fashion delighted her exiled Bistor by welcoming her with an unlooked-for cor diality, by diniiiR with her continually at tho Kursaal, and, in fact, boing hor intimato com panion for tho wholo of a six wooks' season. Over flowing with a sonse that sho was at last recover ing hor position, tiio delighted friend, when tho groat lady was leaving, went with her to the station to any an afiectionato good-bye to her. "Good-bye, my dear," said tho groat lady in re turn, kissing a band to her as tho train began to move. " I'm so sorry to think that I shall bo unable to know you in London." In tho. summer of 1840 Henry Clay went to Ken tucky on his vocation. Tlireo nights after his arrival at a curtain springs u sociable game began. In tho same wero Mr. Clay, Josiali Blackburn, John Hardin, arid Sam Clay, a cousin of tho slatesmnn. It began on Friday night, auil ran along with varying luck. They woro all old hands and had tho nervo to back their cards. At 12 o'clock Saturday night Blackburn quit, a littlo ahoad. Ho had boon marriod only two months, nnd was afraid his young wife would think ho wns (load. Sunday morning at 9 o'clock someone rapped on the door. It was opened, andanogro girl stood iu tho hall. Sho hud a clean shirt in her hand, anil on tho bosom was a note from Hardin's wife: "For Mr. John Hardin, wherever he can bo found." Tho door wits closed and play resumed, Hardin changed his linen at the table. Stephon Giraril, t lie infidol millionaire of Phila delphia, on one Saturday ordered all his clerks to como on the morrow to his wharf and help unload a newly arrived ship. Ono young man replied, quietly : " Mr. Girard, I can t work on Sunday. " You know the rules. "Yos, I know. I havo a mother to support, but I can't worlc on Sundays." " Well, step up to tho desk, and the cashier will Bottlo witli you." For tlireo xveoks tho young man eqnld find no work ; but one day a banker camo to Girard to aok if ho could recommend a mail for cashier in a now bank. This discharged young man was at onco named as a suitablo person. "But," said tho hanker, "you dismissed him." "Yos, bccauso ho would not work ou Sundays. A man who would loso his placo for conscience's sake would inalto a trustworthy cashier." And lie was appointed. Prcsidont Lincoln, when ho wns a young law yer practicing in tho courts of Illinois, was onco engaged in a. caso in which tho lawyer on tho othor side made a very voluble spooch, full of wild statements to tho jury, Lincoln oponed his reply by saying: "My Iriond who has just spokon to you would bo all right if it wero not for ono thing, nnd I don't know tlint you ought to blamo him for that, for ho can't help it. What I refer to is his reckless statements without any ground of truth. You hnvo seen inatancos of this in his speech to you. Now, tho reason of this lies in the constitution of his mind. Tho moment lie begins to talk, all his mcntnl operations cease, arid ho is not responsible. He is, in fact, much liko a steamboat that I imw on tho Sangamon Rivor wlion I was engaged in boating thore. This littlo stonmer had a fivo-foot boilor and a'soven- foot whistle, and every time it whistled the engino stopped." Tho Into master of Bnlliol Collogc, Oxford, Dr. Ooivott, during a sickness from which he buffered many ills, was askod by a friend how ho was., Jowott replied by quoting tho words of Sydney Smith, then canon of St. Paul's, who, when at the point of dentil — "which," said Jowctt, "lam not" — declared that there was not as lnueli loft of hiiri as would make a minor canon ! To another friend, who urged him to permit the publication of sonic of his sermons, Dr. Jowott said : " Publish nothing that is not quite good. Don't bo moved by pcoplo's opinion. There is a story of Bishop Burrington and Philpotts, aftonvarcl Bishop of Exotor, who was at tho time Burrington's Booretary. The bishop said : ' I wish you to scloct for publication 12 of my sormons that you think will do mo loaBt dis credit.' Shortly after, when tho sermons had boen chuson,tho bishop asked: 'Do you think that those will do mo credit?' ' I prcfor, my lord.' an swered Philpotts, ' to adhoro to your lordship's former expression.' Tho sormons wufo not pub lished." 