i . The account-keeping of the dairy ' com ?: .pany.to which we took exception liipt week, lrna found nn advocate diahoms ! in Mr. Booth. We aro not disposed to ?' uarrel with the tone assumed by our riend in the full flush of ' victory,' nor. at the we'l emnhosised coninlucencv with which he bewails witli tearful eye :,our 'lamentable ijrnomncc,' etc. 'Let , the nalleii jade wince, our withors '.-uie ? unwrunj;.' The most incongruous period : in this highly oracular manifesto of, Mr. ; Booth's is this: — ? 1 Then, again, 1 uoulil ask what company sires ?its shareholders any security* Alas, for the moral involved in such a proposition ! Let Baleful Reconstruction ! Ninety Three take the veil from off her face nnd turn her full reproaehlul glance ! upon thin young philosopher of finance ; : let all the dry bones of her camu^o '? iind ? the unsubmorfjed deiihis of the .. Forlorn Hopes she has sent amain' echo aloft, ?the proposition, 'Aye, what company gives security ?' Tlu 'sifting' shows. .The company registered 7 years.; Mr. ;;? -Booth's services cover three. It Im, iiot -been denied (a) that no uniform and .? persistent writing down of capital has^ .' been from. the outset adopted ; (b) that no reserve fund to balance such writing ; down and contingencies (fire, otc.) of a like possible effect upon the capital him licpn created; (c) that there was each ''year a profit if account had been taken -. of the sating upon the factory system, ?' as compared with individual dairying, ' 'or as represented (in ill least one proof) ''. tho difference in the value in the open \- market between creamery- and dairy butter ; (d) that the capital had not been dipped into a second time to make good wasted or worn-out plant. ' But why proceed further? Was not Mr. Booth selected to preserve this entity ?from felo be se? and a maternal in stinct of embrace of tho weaker progeny, ' the prodigal sou,' is thus natural. Lot us select another, period from friend Booth's gospel of companies : — . - If there were those who took shares merely as nn investment they wcro foolith in not seeing the printed prospcctilB of the company fiiut, instead of relybuj on vetltiU representation* of the can. : The company is to benefit by the verbal representation of canvassers ! Oh Ghost of ' Men of Mark ' ! ' Get money, ?my boy; get it honestly if you can ; but GET it ! ' ? Our very verdant idea of accountants .and accountancy has, to bo sure, boon of an old-fashioned code- of-honour, mattor ^Bf^lliei;; every -man -his -own school; a sciiodhthat inculcated the idea that ac cnuntimcjNnin not involve meheu pretty penmanship in a ledger, and roc ? ing.up or down fixed cojumns of figures ? tq see that their sums totlil were correctly ' entered in matheinatigjl/logic — a species of' mechanical accountancy for which our justly valued friend, Sir. Coghlan, Gbyqrrimeiit statist, has designed, and has in actual use several machines — mechanical devises on the prcssthc ; button-and-wo-do-the-rest principle. No : , our out-of-date ' lamentable ignorance ' [of the moral of finance taught us to affirm that the business of an accountant -did not merely require the correct sum ; ming of plain figures, but the insistence upon the capital and the income and the ; expenditure being so ranged and applied i Irresponsible directors under such de ,;;jjoininatibns as made up sound economi '.'cal fiiiiirice, free from waste or wear, if not creative of profit; that a ' Capital Account,' without a Depreciation or Reserve Fund, rondered tho makers of 'the credit like the voy..geis of a half provisioned ship, or like a spendthrift living on his capital, in pluce of upon, the product of it But we all pay directly or indirectly for our schools and schoolmasters. We don|t take kindly to the newer gospel; nor to company-managing under it. 