The Sign of the Cross. (By Lady Cook, nee Tennessee Claflin.) The sign of the cross is the most univer sal and the least generally understood of all the mystic symbols that have come down to us through the lapse of infinite ages. We are accustomed to identify it Christ and Christianity alone, as though it had originated with them. Yet ten thousand proofs exist that it was simply appropriated to these just as it had previ ously been claimed by every great religious cult that made its appearance in the world A distinguished writer, in his essay in the Edinburgh Review, nearly thirty years ago, on " The pre-Christian cross," says : " From the dawn of organised paganism in the eastern world, to the final establish ment of Christianity in the western, (he Cros; was undoubtedly one of the common est and most sacred of symbolical monu ments, and, to a remarkable extent, it is so still in almost every land where that of calvary is unrecognised or unknown. Apart from any distinctions of social, or intellectual superiority of caste, colors, na tionality, or location in either hemisphere it appears to have been the aboriginal pos session of every people in antiquity ; the elastic girdle, so to say, which embraced the most widely separated heathen com munities ; the most significant token of a universal brotherhood ; the principal point of contact in every system of pagan, uiy Mr ology. That mighty maze, but not with out a plan, to which all the families of mankind were severely and irresistably drawn, and by which their common des cent was emphatically expressed, or by which each and all preserved, amid every vicissitude of fortune, a know ledge of' the primeval happiness and dignity of their species. Where authentic history is silent on the subject, the material relics of the pest and long since forgotten races are not wanting to confirm and strengthen this superstition. Diversified forms of the symbol are diline- ated more or leas artistically, according to the progrea| achieved in civilization at the period on the ruined walls of the temples and palaces, on the natural rocks and.sepul chral galleries, on the hoariest monoliths and the rudest statuary, on coins, medals and vases of every discription ;and, in not a few instances, are preserved in the archi tectural proportions of subterranean struc tures. of tumuli as well as fanes. The ex traordinary sanctity attaching to a symbol in every age and under every variety of circumstances, justified any expenditure in curred in its fabrication or embellishment, hence the most persistent labor, the most consummate ingenuity were lavished upon it." What then was the original meaning of this symbol, or symbols, which has been the warp iuto which all the threads of religion have been woven? In order to solve this question, a multitude of facts are to be consideied, all pointing to the same conclusion, no matter how grossly exhibit ed or how mystically disguised. It is the sign of generation whether divine or human, the emblem of the ever vigorous fecundity of nature, and therefore, of the life that is and that which is to come. It denotes the universal vivifying power, sometimes associated with the most obscene rites, at others refined into a spiritual regeneration, and thus typifying a future immortality and a state, of never- ending bliss. It is consequently adapted to all sorts end conditions of men, and became as universal as life itself. One of the earliest complete types known is the crux ansata formed like a T, with an oval or circlet resting upon it. Singly they typify the male and female organs of reproduction; together they may denote goodness, hope, felicity, or the life to come. The crux -ansata is commonly found sculptured on Egyptian and Coptic mouments and the mystical Tau symbolized "the hidden wisdom" of the Chaldeans of the ancient Egyptians, Indians, Peruvians, Americans, and of every ancient people in both hemispheres. Humboldt found in remote Kampschatka the cross and other remains of hieroglyphics, similar to those of Egypt. It was engraven on the glass statue of Serpis, on the walls and tombs of Kings. Placed on the frustrum of a cone the simple T represents goodness; springing from heart or the breast of a mummy, it denotes hope or expectation of reward. The two colossal statues from Easter Island may be seen at the British Museum, and on the backs of each tha same sign is rudely engraved. As with this which was the conventional, so with the ovoid or circle, sometimes called the egg of the eye. It denoted the female principle and covered the vestments of the Ephesian Diana, and the Assyrian Mylitta in whose temple all the women were bound to prostitute theselves to strangers. The robes of the darkskinned mother goddess of India were- similarly adorned, as were the tails of Juno's birds which drew her chariot through the heavens. We are told that the worship of ' Juno was universal, that the Empire, of Jupiter was small com pared to hers. As Ilytha, ssmetimes called her daughter, she was the goodness of her birth in Arcadia, was Isis in Egypt, and Juno Lucina of the Latins. Ilytha was also the same as Diana, Venus Lubentia, and Genetillis, who arose from the sea. Juno was not only queen of heaven, pre siding over marriage and child-birth, the patron of sexual virtue, and punisher of lewdness in matrons, but was also the goodness of all power and empire, and the dispensers of riches. In like manner Venus among her various titles was surnamed Telessigama, because she presided over marriage, and Phallomeda, from her affection for the phallus. The ovoid form of the upper member of the crux ansata was sometimes displayed as a handle, as in the Theban catacombs and on a Babylonian cylinder. On a stele from Khor- sabad, an eagle-headed man holds the circle in his right hand and the tau in his left. In the ophite hierograms which we mind of an era of wide spread serpent worship, it is depicted as a penuate circle, and ns a circle is borne in the claws of the flying Scarabeus the sacred emblem of Pthah and is found sculptured from Europe to Mexico. In a modified form and joined with the tau it is the oldest ensign of majesty in India and is " commonly found in the hands of Brah- ma, Vishuu, and Siva. In Christian Europe it is now adopted by every potentate, includ ing our Queen, as a symbol of royalty," whose -coronation orb surmounted by a pec toral cross is nothing more than the embodi ment of the traditional crux ansata. The; Rev William Haslam, in his work " The Cross and the Serpent," gives a curi- ous and fanciful explanation of these facts. He says : " I have suggested that the Cross was conceived when the redemption of man was designed. I cannot doubt that it was re vealed with the prophecies. " It was in prophesy, as it is now, an out ward sign of an inward mystery, connected with a promise. It was the sign and pledge of that promiso, and as such, in whatever sense the outward observer regarded it, there 'seems little doubt hut that to the initiated it was a holy and blessed sign of hope in a fallen age ; and the pledge of the promise of light in a period of darkness." In another passage he waxes still bolder ; " The Cross was known tii Noah before the dispersion, and. even be- fore the flood and I will venture still fur ther and say the Cross known to Adam ; and that the knowledge as a sacred sign was im parted to him by the Almighty." We may admire the enthusiasm which sug gests all this, and which is eminently theo logical and clerical, but unfortunately the patriarchs and prophets never once referred in the Sign of the Cross, and the Hebrew and Samaritan scriptures are equally silent. They were however, thoroughly familiar with it, as if 'formed in their days a significant part of all Pagan worship Of all its many forms, " there is not one among them," says the Edinburgh reviewer, " the existence of which may not be traced to the remotest antiquity,' and we might add nor the causes of whose variance cannot also he traced. The'" Maltese- Cross— the battle- axe of Thor, originally four huge phalli carv- ed out of the io d rock, but afterwards met- morphised by the virtuous knights of St. John, 'or the Cross of St George which marks the Engliah flag, and every other, is nothing more or less than a Phallic symbol. Rude upright stones, especially -those of a conical form, 'appear to have' been the earliest-objects of worship by mankind, and their assistance by contact to produce fruitfulness is still invoked by women in many parts of the world. In every-mythology the cone was the emblem of the mother of heaven, whatsoever her name, and every altar and high place of hers was originally conical or pyramidal. One stone standing upon another, or inserted in the earth, represented a rude cross. The mystieal tree, " the tree of life," was also re presented in the form of a cross, or by the hieratic sign of the deity across the stem. Every circumstance pertaining to this was peculiarly phallic. When serpent worship began to supersede tree worship the ophice emblems were of a similar nature. The ser- pent with its tail in its mouth has the same significance as the crux ansata. When, at a later stage of civilization, the worship of the moon' and sun successively prevailed, and the followers of the sun made war upon those of the " Great Dragon" many of the old en- blems were devoutly adopted and a composite religion was formed. - And when in the fulness of time, Christian ity made its appearance and developed orders and hierarchies, it incorporated within itself almost every feature of Paganism, in- cluding the supreme 'Phallic symbol, the Cross. Erotic Christianity worships the Divine Child, adores Mary, His mother, and practically gives the Supreme Deity an in ferior place. Christ's wounds are dwelt upon in almost every hymn with perfervid ecstacy, and the Cross of Calvary is the foundation of faith and hope. To have inserted the Virgin in the Trinity would have been to literally imitate the older cults, so the Arkite deity of Thebes or Babylon, a distinctly phalic one, whose will was interpreted by the Jonah or Doves, gave rise to the Divine Messenger and Interpreter, the Holy Ghost the Dove of Christianity. At all points our religion is lineally descended from the older and most ancient,. We -have our Tree of Life, our Sun of Righteousness (uprightness) our Cross of Salvation and the hope of an after life. We have aj so a bitter aversion to the " old serpent' and " all his works," al though we retain many of the latter in our rites and ceremonies. The cardinal points of -superstition have varied, and mankind has boxed its compass, so that at length they seem returning to their old love, the religion of humanity and the worship of Nature. We are beginning to perceive that whatever is good and beautiful is natural and that whatever is natural is also good and beautiful. Possibly the time is not far hence when we shall not be ashamed of our bodies with their organs and functions, or of any other work of God, but shall see in all a Divine beauty worthy of pride and praise, and shall again recognize as our Trinity the Father, Mother and child. 