John Hallain's Wife. (By Rosa Mulholland in the ' Avo Maria.') (Continuod.) I. requested to be allowed to remain for some days undisturbed in my apartments, and Hallam willingly gave me my way. He himself was in no mood for genial com panionship, and fancied me engrossed in my habitual studies. I will not dwell on the days and nights when concentrated effort had become an agony, and my determination to succeed almost wore out by tension the thread of my life, My task was to draw a circle, with' such assistance us I possessed, material and spiritual, — a circle which, beginning -with a radius extending far beyond the round of this globe of the earth, should keep ever contracting, narrowing a little every day, growing at last perceptibly .smaller every hour, till it should finally arrive within' the limits of' my requirements. One cause of my suffering was the enormous resistance made by the unseen to the progress of my labors. As my circle grew smaller and 'smaller, supernatural efforts were made to paralyze my will, to destroy the force of my purpose, which was irresist ible as long as it was sustained. Sleep was forgotten ; nothing was present to me but the narrowing of that circle, which was drawing closer hour by hour to me as to its centre. At last there came a day when I knew that the circle was no longer outside the walls of the house in which I stood. An other cycle of the hours of day and night would bring its circumference within the enclosure of my chamber. I was dizzyy for want; of food and rest ; though food was beside me, and my bed was in the adjoining room. Conscious of having arrived very near the brink of madness, I was yet keenly alive to the knowledge that the moment was at hand for testing the reality of my powers. About nightfall became aware that my extraordinary circle was already in the centre of myv apartment. I saw it pre sently gleaming liko a silver snake on the floor a perfect ring with a radius of about, a yard and a half. Then I know that it was time for action, add that I must not pro ceed further except in the presence of wit nessess. It was Hallam's custom to visit me every night before bedtime. On this particular evening I awaited his coming. with anxiety. When he appeared I looked eagerly to see whether he perceived my circle—now a ring of white fire like chain of burning dia monds — in the centre of the floor. As he made no remark upon it, I concluded that the marvellous appearance was invisible to him. Hallam, I have not shut myself up in this room so long without a purpose in view. I have been strangely employed. I will say no more until I have made a trial, on which I think your future happiness depends. — will you grant me a favor, even though you should' look on me as a madman ? Will you bring Mrs. Hallam to this room, and remain here silently during my pleasure? Some thing extraordinary is about to take place. If nothing unusual happens, then my labor of some mouths past will be a meloncholy fiasco.' Hallam stared at me in astonishment, but the earnestness of my manner impressed him in spite of his judgment. He im mediately left me, and returned with Mrs. Hallam. I placed them both sitting beside, and a little behind, me ; and begged them to remain tranquil no matter what strange things they might have to witness. Then, all things being in readiness, I began my incantations, solomnly exhorting and commanding the spirit of Rhomba to ap proach us, to renounce the simulated appearance of her innocent descendant, to confess her own identity, and to return to the state of separation from humanity in the particular sphere to which she had been relegated. Two or three hours passed, as I pursued my purpose and persisted in the working of my spell. Hallam and his wife sat motion less, impelled by .something more than the sight of my determination and the sound of my utterances, which they were unable to understand. The portion of the house where the servants slept was at a consider able distance from where we were. Com plete silence reigned as the night advanced, and yet there was something vibra ting in the air that was not silence, — some- thing vague and remote, which grew and grew ; not the whisper of wind, nor the slough of trees, nor anything known to our ears, but a murmur of discordant sounds unfamiliar to human nature. As I pro nounced the name of Rhomba with more and more urgency, I1 was aware that Mrs. Hallam stirred slightly, as if recognizing the word ; but she remained perfectly controlled and relapsed in absolute quietude. Hallams white set face encouraged me to proceed, to struggle against the deadly faintness which at moments almost threatened to disable me. Just about three o'clock — the deathly hour when all life in the flesh shrinks from the blighting chill which passes over the earth — that ineffable discordant murmur which I have mentioned swelled suddenly to a chorus of angry wailing. It seemed to fill the remote chambers and halls of tho house and gradually poured toward us into the nearer spaces. Finally, it approached the stair and passage at hand, as if driven irresistibly by a wind. Wrathful, remonstrating, and denunciatory voices became 'distinguishable each with a curious ringing double note, like the strings of an instrument struck together, in harsh and intolerable discord. After a time I was conscious that some powerful individuality was present in- the long outer passage which led to the open door of the room where I stood, and where my friends, silent as dead people, sat motionless behind me. Something I can describe only as a turbulence in the air increased moment by moment ; then a moving force gradually set toward me, trying to overthrow me physically, and driving hard against my breast and head. All my strength of mind and body was necessary to withstand and repel its as saults. After what seemed to me an inter minable trial, through which I hardly stood my ground, the assailing force gave way ; and in the same instant a shrill, rending cry rang to the roof of the house, — no human cry, but a sound impossible to conceive of if not heard. Another pause, and a solitary figure stood visible in the doorway. It was the figure of Mrs. Hallam, in light gown and with loosened hair — exactly as she' had appeared entering the room some hours before, led by her husband from her dressing-room in compliance with my urgent request. It was the very counter part of the woman who sat clinging to Hallam a little way behind me. I heard the sound of a sudden movement from Hallam, but no exclamation escaped from either husband or wife. The figure in the doorway had the appear ance of a living woman, approaching us with reluctance, shrinking from the light with terror. The sight of her strengthened my nerve ; and, after a breathing pause of a few moments, I renewed my exertions, and con centrated all the powors of the spell to com pel her to advance into the room, and to dis cover herself in her supernatural reality. Step by step, always resisting but always overpowered, she came forward, and stood plainly in view within a foot of the circle. Without turning my head or removing my eyes from her, I spoke to Hallam. 'Hallam,' I said, 'are you satisfied? The spirit you see before you is subject now to the powers which she herself, when in the flesh, made use of for the most iniquitous purposes. She is the remote ancestress of your wife, and has pursued her through mere malice, — the hatred of evil for what is unchangeably good.' Hallam made a slight murmur and drew his wife into his arms. ' Rhemba,' I said, 'again putting the spell in motion, 'I command you to step within this circle, to throw off the disguise of innocence, and to appear before your victims in your acknowledged personality.' A convulsive movement now shook the strange being, swayed her backward and impelled her forward, finally casting her across the diamond flame of the ring on tho floor, in the centre of which she stood at last, while a change passed gradu ally over her features and the character of her personality. On the occasions when I had seen her before face to face, I had perceived the beginning of such a change as now took place in a thorough manner. The fair face became yellow, then green and swarthy ; the golden hair turned black as ebony ; the figure grew more ample, but still retained graceful outlines. The white gown .disappeared, and was replaced by rich robes sown all over with jewels ; the' clear blue eyes were consumed in the fire of a pair of burning orbs, splendid in form and setting, but expressive. of concentrated malignity. Jewels hung on her swarthy arms and shone on her finely-formed feet and ankles. I paused a moment, unable to proceed from the overwhelming sense of the presence of a cloud of evil witnesses, invisible, but pressing round me and upon me, — the last attempt of Rhomba's follow ing to overthrow me and rescue her. I feared that were I to succumb, she might even yet prove triumphant ; and so, with a rally of all my physical and mental forces, I held the evil spirits in the air at bay, and continued to exert and put in force my command over Rhomba.. My words now seemed to hail on her, as if each struck her, wounding her bodily. She cowered, shook, crouched to the floor, and then stood up struggling ,' while her glances darted on every side, as if she looked in desperation for some escape from my presence, and from out of the control of the white-gloaming circle. I perceived that the jewels on her dross had burst into flame, and that their flames began to run together, making figures of fire all over her garments. Presently the fire extended, threatening to consume her. Now a part of her became obscure, as if a cloud had covered it ; shone out again vividly, and vanished. Then another part of her disappeared, to show itself once more for a moment, and finally to become extinguished with its fugitive splendors. Bit by bit she burned away ; glowed in fire, went out; again flamed forth, and sank into extinction. Soon there was nothing left but a foot, a shoulder, and the unconquerable eyes which out- lasted the jewels, and flared on us with rebellious agony till they, too, went out, as the flame of a candle drops down in its socket. As the last remnant of her became extinct a rush as of crowding wings swept like a wind through the chamber and went hurt ling down the passages. After that I had an interval of uncon sciousness:, and my next mental impression was of the fact that Hallam and Virginia were ministering to me where they had placed me on a couch a few yards from the point which the ring of 'my magic circle had touched at. The gleaming ring was gone ; the lamp burned low. In the silence we could hear the ticking of the clock. A few broken sounds passed between us three, but we were too much overwhelmed by our late experience to be able to express ourselves articulately. Presently the clock struck, and at the same time the sounds of life began to make themselves heard in the lower part of the house. Little by little we ermeged from the shadow of , supernatural awe that had wrapped us round. Not, however, until the daylight began to show behind the blinds did we leave off conversing in low tones of the incredible occurrences of the night. Then my friends left me to return to their own rooms, looking like ghosts of themselves, as they went down the passage in the dawn-light ; Hallam almost carrying his wife, who clung to him in terror, like a drowning creature. Of course we kept the whole strange experience a secret between ourselves. It became evident next day that Mrs. Hallam must be taken at once into a new atmosphere. Naturally enough, she was overcome with dread of a renewal of the persecution in some form or other, and Hallam resolved to take her to London without delay ; while I consented to see the winding up of affairs at the manor-house — the dismissal of servants, sale of furniture, removal of valuables. Having seen the Hallams off to London, I returned for a few days to my own house, pending the fulfilment of my trust with regard to the manor. The morning after my arrival home the door of my library suddenly opened and a stranger came in. I was surprised that the servants should have admitted any one, as I was particularly busy ; but, supposed it to be an accident, I received my visitor with as good a grace as I could assume at the moment. He was a venerable-looking old man, with white beard and penetrating eyes ; and was dressed in a peculiar grey gown, which I imagined to be the habit of some religious order. I presented him with a seat, and asked him to tell me what circumstance had gained me the favour of his visit.' He immediately began to speak of the East, its peoples, creeds, history, and occult sciences. Before long I became enthralled listening to him. The conditions of spirits long released from the flesh, the relations existing between them and living humanity, — of these sub jects he discoursed with the air of one pos sessed of extraordinary knowledge. After an hour of earnest conversation, he said, as if by way of illustration : ''Now, in the case of Virginia Hallam and the vicious Rhemba — ' ' Great Heaven !' I exclaimed. 'Who has informed you of these intimate and secret matters ' That is of no consequence,' he said. ' You must tell Virginia that she need fear persecution no more. At present she is in danger of losing her life through a natural, apprehension. Let her remember that there are good spirits as well as evil ones. Rhemba can assail her no more. But at the same time counsel her always to wear the amulet.' I felt in great awe of my venerable and learned visitor, reflecting that his knowledge of the facts of our case was as strange a matter as any of our experiences. I was no longer in a position to wonder at anything, and I answered him that I was grateful for his sympathy and counsel. I am a relative of Virginia's,' he said ; 'tbough I had passed out of sight of humanity before she was born.' He took his leave as abruptly as he came; and after he had left me I remained as if stunned, unable to ' account for the extra ordinary impression he had made on me. I had tried to keep him longer with me, but he had slipped away from me, I scarcely knew how. I rang the bell and inquired from the servants of ins coming and going, but they had seen no such person as I described. No one had come in at the. door, no one had gone out of it. His words came back to me : 'I had passed out of sight of humanity before she was bom. There are good spirits as well as evil ones. Rhemba can assail her no more. Consul her always to wear the amulet.' I made full notes of the visit, and when I joined my friends in London I placed these notes before them. To my surprise, Mrs. Hallam was infinitely relieved by the message I conveyed to her. She rested with a childlike faith on the assurance that the good spirits had taken her into their care. Her imagination was soothed, her mind steadied. Also her heart was now satisfied with her husband's love ; for Hallam knew not how to make amends for the wrong his thoughts had done her. The Hallams eventually settled down in a charming house at a pleasant distance from London. One day, when Virginia was arranging her household gods in what she delighted to call her 'permanent home,' I happened to be with her, and saw in her hands a small painting in a frame of ivory carving. Something in the outlines of the pictured figure attracted me even from a distance, and I desired to be allowed to look at it more nearly. 'It is a portrait of my father's eldest brother,' she said. ' He went as a mis sionary to the East long before my father's career led him also in the same direction. He died before I was born. My father venerated his memory.' The picture was singularly faithful portrait of my unaccountable visitor. (THE END.) 