CHAPTER XV. " In all the world, no fairer flower than Mi." The city was in a whirl on election day; hacks and carriages darted here and there all day long, bearing flaming placards and hauling voters to the polls. There was the usual scheming to get the factory votes, the railroad clerks; and the suburban. Bands played at the Montjoy head quarters, and everything to comfort the inner patriot was on hand. Edward had taken charge of this department, and at his own expense conducted it. He was the host. All kinds of wines and liquors and niait drinks, a constantly replenished lunch, that amounted to a banquet, and cigars, were at all hours quickly served by. a corps of trained waiters. . In all their experience, old election stagers ' declared never had this feature of elec tion day been so complete. It goes without say ing that Montjoy headquarters were ; crowded, and that a great deal of the interest which found expression in the streets was manufactured there. It was a fierce struggle; the Swearingen cam paign in the county had been conducted on the "still-hunt" , plan,, and on this day his full Gtreagth was polled. It was Mont joy's home county, and if it could be carried against him the victory was won at the outset. Ou the other hand, the Montjoy people sought for the moral effect of an overwhelming victory. There was an expression of general relief in the fi rm of cheers when the town clocks struck five and the polls windows fell. Anxiety followed, and then bonfires blazed, rockets exploded, and all night long tho artillery squad fired salutes. Montjoy had won by an unlooked-for majority, and the vote of the largest county was secure. v Edward had resolutely refused to think upon the- discovery unfolded to him. With reckless disregard for the future, he had determined to bury the subject until the arrival of Virdow. But there are ghosts that will not. come down at the bidding, and so in the intervals of sleep, of ex citement, of politics, the remembrance of the fearful fate that threatened him came up with ali the force and terror of a new experience. liexhurst was impossible to him alone, and he had held to Norton as long as ho could. There was to be a few days' rest after the home elec tion, and the younger Montjoy seized this op portunity to run home and, as he expressed it, "get acquainted with the family." Edward, without hesitation, accepted his invitation to go with him. They had become linn friends now, and Edward stood high in the family esteem. Re viewing the work that had led up to Colonel Mont joy's magnificent opening and oration, all gene rously conceded that he had been the potent factor. Ii was not true, in fact; thc younger Montjoy had been the genius of the hour, but Edward's aid and money had been necessary. The two men were received as conquering heroes. Ae he held bis hand in hers old Mrs. Montjoy said "You have done us a great service, Mr. Mor gan, and we cannot forget it," and Mary, shy and happy, had smiled upon him and uttered her thanks. There was one discordant note, the daughter-in-law had been silent until all were through. "And I suppose I am to thank you, Mr, Mor gan, that Norton has returned alive.. I did not know you were such high livers, over at Ilex hurst," she smiled maliciously. ' . "Were you not" afraid of ghosts?" . Edward looked at her with il!-disguiBed hatred^ Por the first time he realised fully that he was dealing with a dangerous enemy. How much did she know? He could make nothing of that serenely tranquil face. He bowed only. She was his friend's wife. But he was not at ease beneath her gaze, and readily accepted Mary's invitation to ride. She was going to carry a note from her father to a neighbor, and the chance of seeing the country was one he should not neglect. They found a lazy mule and ancient country, buggy at the 'dcor. He thought of the outfit of the sister-in law. "Annie has a pony phaeton that Is quite stylish," said Mary, laughingly, as they entered the old vehicle, "but it is only for town use; this is mine and papa's!" "Certainly roomy and safe," he said. She laughed outright. ' "I will remember that; so many people have tried to say something comforting about my turn out and failed ; but it does well enough. I went to college every Monday and came back every Friday In lt for four years, and my drivor was generally a woman with a poke bonnet on-just like mine." They were off thou, Edward driv ing awkwardly. It was the ilrBt time he had ever drawn the reins over a mulo. "How do you raako it go fast?" ho asked, finally, in despair. "Oh, .dear," she answered, "wo don't try. We know the mtile." Her laugh was infectious. They .travelled the- public reads, with their borders of wild grapes, crossed gurgling" streams under festoons of vines, and lingered in shady vistas of overhanging boughs. Several times they boldly entered private grounds, and passed through back yards without hailing, and at last they came to their destination. , ,', There were two huge stone posts at the en- .. trance, with carved balls of granite upon them. An iron gate of Moorish fretwork hung between., A thick tangle of muscadine and Cherokee roses led off from them right and left, hiding the trail of the long-vanished .rail fence. In front w&s; an avbnue of twisted cedars, and, closing the" pers pective a glimpse of white columns and green blinds. Up this, through alternate shade and sunlight, went the old mule, with its captors.. The girl's face was lighted with smiles; it was for her a new experience, this jour neying with a man alone; his voice melodious in her hearing; his eyes ex changing with hers quick understandings, fer Edward was happy that morning- happy in his forgetfulness.. He had thrown off the weight of misery successfully, and for the first timé in his life there was really a smile in his heart. It was the dream of an hour; he would not-mar it." Soon he would be gone. Perhaps the ocean would roll between them for ever. He would wrest this supreme moment from fate and wear it as an immortelle. Her voice recalled him. "I have always laved 'The Cedars.' It wears such an air of gentility and refinement. It must be that something of the lives gone by cling to these old places." ''Whose is it?" She turned In surprise. "Oh, this is where we were bound-General Evan's. I have a note for him." "Ah!" The exclamation was one of awe rather than wonder. She saw him start violently and grow pale. "Evan!" he said, with emotion. "You know him?" ^ "Not I." He felt her questioning gaze and looked into her face. "That ls, I have been in troduced to him only, and I heard him speak." After a moment's reflection: "Some time, per haps, I shall tell you why for the moment" I was Etartled." She could not understand his man ner. Fortunately they had arrived at the house. . Confused still, he followed her up the broad steps to tho verandah and saw her lift the antique knoc ker. ...... "Yen, ma'am, de General's home; walk in, ma'am; find him right back in the librery." With that delightful lack of formality common among intimate neighbors in the South, Mary led the way in. The Generar sat writing at a broad table-writing letters, it afterwards trans pired, in behalf of Colonel Montjoy. She made ' a pretty picture as she paused at the door. The sun was shining through the painted window and . suffused her form with roseate light. 1 "May I come in?" . "Well! Well! Well!" The old man rose with a great show of welcome and came forward. "May' I come in? How d'ye do, Mary, God bless .you, child; yes, come clear in," he said, laughing, and bestowed a kiss upon her lips. At that mo ment he caught sight of the face of Edward, who stood behind her, pale from the stream of light that came from a white crest in the window. The two men gazed steadily into each other's eyes a moment only. The girl began: "This is Mr. Morgan, General, who has been such a friend to father." > ' The rugged face of the old soldier lighted up, he took the young man's hand in both of his and pressed them warmly. "I have already met Mr. Morgan. ' The friend of my friend is welcome to The Cedars.' " He turned to move chairs for them. The face of the young man grew white as he bowed gravely. There had been a recognition; but no voice spoke from the far-away past through his lineaments to that lonely old man. During the visit he was distrait and embarrassed. ; Attention of his host and his playful gallantry with Mary awoke no smile upon his lips.. Some where a barrier had fallen and the waters cf memory had rushed in. Finally, he was forc ed to arouse himself. "John Morgan was a warm friend of raine at one time," said the old General. "How was he related to you?" "Distantly," said Edward, quietly. "I was an orphan, and indebted to him for everything." "An eccentric man, but John had a good heart \- errors like the rest of us, of course." The general's face grew hard for a moment, but he rallied and turned the conversation to the poli tical campaign. "A grand speech that, Mr. Morgan; I have never heard a finer, and I have heard great speakers in my day! Our district will be well and honorably represented In congress. Now, our little friend here will go to Washington and ' get her name into the papers." Jùu°' indeea! If Papa wins I am going to stay w th mamma. I ara going to be her eyes as city " dS> Mamma would "ot like the "And how is the little mamma?" She shook her head. "Not so well, and her eyes trouble her very much." "What a sweet woman she is! I can never for get the night Norton led her to the altar! I have never seen a fairer sight-until now," he inter polated, smiling and saluting Mary with formal bow. "She had a perfect figure, and her walk was the exposition of grace. I think she is one of those, Mr. Morgan, who do not rely upon any particular charm, but who strike you at the first glance aud nisotlng as the incarnation of woman liness and tenderness. They seem to carry with them the very essence of home life, and the hearts of all men understand." Mary surveyed him with swimming eyes. It was easy to see where her heart lay. She went up and kissed him Uglily. He detained her a moment when about to take her departure "You are a fortunate man, Morgan. In all the world you will find no rarer flower that this. I envy you your ride home. Come again, Mary, and bring Mr. Morgan with you." She broke loose from him and darted off In confusion. Ho had guessed her secret and well was lt that he had!" The ride home was as a dream. The girl was excited and full of life, and banter, and Edward, throwing off his sadness, had entered into the hour of happiness with the same abandon that marked his campaign with Norton. And so the morning went by, with vistas of overshadowing trees, the breath of wildroses, and thc rare, rapturous melody of the mocking bird. lt lay upon his heart .thereafter as a folded flower. But as they entered the long stretch of wo<"-d through which their road ran to her home, Ed ward brought back the conversation to the gen oro 1. (To be continued.) 