BY THS 'WAY. One raoro popular delusion has, it seems, beon knocked on the head by the researches cf an ardent politician, who has recently discovered that: tho general belief in the existence of organised ruffianism under the camo of pushes ia simply a sort of public nightmare. Ifc now appears that the gentle youths who are in the habit of flattening out persons who differ from them, and grensrallv terrorising tho localities in which they congregate, are merely actuated by a spirit ot' boisterous exuberance, and that any little eccentricities in the way of man slaughter aro simply incidental to their funny ways and sarplua of animal spirits, which ought not to be resented by people of ordinary intelligence. The idea of punishing the poor fellows is simply barbarous, and even to hurt their feelings by maintaining tach a thing is in the want of taste. T71iat fc pity all this was not made clear before, to that instead of holding up these mis guided youths to repudiation they might have been held up as models of Australian citizenship, and just such as all fine epirifced young men should imitate. As to the people who have been bashed and maimed or killed outright, well it seems they are not worth considering, and pur haps deserved all they got for venturing to walk along the same streets as those under tlie amiable jurisdiction of peripa tetic pushdom. 9 8 9 Thees eeeme to be no doubt that Austra lian Federation is being built upon sure and lasting foundations in Adelaide. It is not so much the yards of statistics which have been ordered regardless of expense, or even the high tone or oratory credited to the delegates, which lead to the belief that the duty of assisting at the birth of a nascent nation will bo successfully per formed by the half-hundred political accoucheurs who are not doing their best to bring about the momentous event. Things which really make for Federation, and which Trill enshrine themselves in the tTehives of the future, will be Mr. poacock's weird laugh, our own Pro Bier's accommodating snooze, the snake charming exhibition of the Victorian Ministerial representatives, and last, but r.oi- least, the fight to a finish between two enterprising camera frauds for the privilege of photographing the delegates. It is such matters after all which serve to con titute the essentials of a truly national epoch, and in days to come, whatever else may happen to Adelaide, her people will always be able to boast that all these tilings actually occurred in their own classic placid city. » » a It has often been surmised by acute ob servers that Australia was not quite so young as she seemed, and, in fact, shrewdly gave riso to the suspicion that she was more than E-jveii. Ifc now appears, according to a gentleman who has been making a study of fcbe subject, that Captain Cook was, aftsr all, a bit of a humbug, and that when he arrived oft the coast Australia was quite well known in Spanish court circles and that the exportation of lira stock in the shape of kangaro had bean inaugurated as far back as tho fifteenth century. It would not be surprising, in fact, to loam that an emu was also sent: to Spain about tlie Bame time, and that the Australian badge is in reality but tho survival of the Spanish king's coat cf arms. Of course, this is all very well iroru the Spanish point of view, but the p-cfcual fact is that it was an Australian 'who discovered Spain and sent a few kangaroos over there to be acclimatised. There does not seem indeed any good reason to supposa that a big place like Australia should have been missed by so competent a master mariner as old Noah. If his Ark was half the size thoy say, our beautiful harbor is about the only place in the world that could accommodate it, and anyhow, he couldn't have had any kan garoos on board, unless he had been here to fetch them. This argument conclusively chows that our continont must have been known to the sailor patriarch, and con sequently to Sliem, Ham, and Japhefc, and their wives and families, so tbat after all there is nothing very startling or surpris ing in Mr. Petherick's discovery. « « ? Tho ructions which have lately occurred in a suburban borough council seem to afford a shocking example of that sort of Municipal ostentation which is not satisfied without having an ex-Parliamentary digni tary amongst its aldermen. It might be taken for granted that an ordinary garden borough council could not comfortably contain such a relic of Parliamentary talent without something in the nature of a catastrophe occurri ng sooner or later. The consequence is what might have been anti cipated, that every now aud then the ghost of departed glory runs up against a snag in the shape of a mere ordinary mayor or alderman, with tho result that an electric discharge immediately takes place, and the whole Council gets abnormally excited. For the first year or so these awful, but to be expected, consequences, may bo averted by keeping the ex-magnate in the Mayoral chair, but when in an evil hour another Mayor is appointed who knows nothing about Slay's Practice or the standing orders of Parliament, and is also rash enough to object to establishing a perfume factory in the borough, he must not be surprised if ho has to face the terrorB of a vote of censure for his temerity. * * * It sooms somewhat strange that in con nection with the Federal movement that such an important place as Norfolk Island should have been wholly left out in the Mid and not asked to send delegates to the Convention. 'What the Norfolk Islanders bave done to be ignored in such a marked Manner is impossible to surmise, but ifc rsitrht have beon supposed that His j'Licoliency, who is specially charged '?'it a looking after the interests of that romantic piece of British territory, should not have put in a word on their behalf. It will hardly do to say that as the island is a part of Now South Wales it will have to do what the latter thinks proper, because such a doctrine is altogether contrary to the Demo cratic principles of the present day, which does not permit of one branch of tbe Em pire dominating another. Besides, if Nor folk Island is an integral purfc of the colony, why was it not permitted to take part in the Convention elections ? Who knows but what thoy might have a claim to locate the Federal capital over there, or, at least, hold the Convention on its shores. It has the reputation of possessing a healthy climate, and though it nay run short of the necessaries of life such as champagne and operatic perfor mances, these things would doubtless follow in the wake of an assemblage of politicians. On the whole, it looks as though Norfolk Island has been shamefully treated, and that its State rights have not even the ghost of a show of being recog nised unless the inhabitants get up a revolution or enter into an offensive and defensive alliance with Queensland. 