TALE OF AM GHOST. Some strange phenomena havo in the past week been startling the huge district of the Great Fen Level of Huntingdonshire and Cambridgeshire (writes tho London Daily Telegraph under date May 12). It appears that In Tick Fen a Ramsey magis trate has a farm, at the extremity of which, far away from any other buildings, live a horsekeeper named Rowthan, his wife, and a bod-ridden daughter. The cottage is a typical fen shanty 01 wood and thatcb, occupied by the farm foreman, Levitt, and his wife. Mies Rowthan, who is 18 years of age, and has been confined to her bed for nearly twelve months, slept in a room near the thatch, her bedstead resting against the gable-end of the roof. On Monday, at midnight, gentle rappings against her bed were heard, and as the walls are wooden the aoise was more apparent. At first the sounds came in sequences of three and four, increasing tj six or seven at a time, and growing louder a3 they pro ceeded. Then they ceased for a space, and recommenced more vigorously, until they were nenra ay tno nexs-aoor neigaoors — according to one report, at a farmhouse 290 yards off. The mother and father, at rest in tbe same room, were also alarmed, but for a time did nothing, thinking the mani festations would cease. These instead in creased until the ' ghosts,' as if angered at being pooh-poohed, became so noisy as almost to threaten a terrific crash. Nothing was to bs seen, though it was clear and starlight, and the disturbances continued to ring out across the fens. The rappings recurred at intervals until the advent of dawn seemed to drive the malicioue 'spirits' before it. Oa the following night, though at a different time, a repeti tion of tho phenomena occurred. Mean while the inmates, who had suffered the mysterious affair in silence, had de termined upon decisive action. On the third night the father, taking a loaded gun, went outside the building, but the tappings against the gable wero re newed more vigorously than ever. Search parties were organised, but everyone re mained baffled. The countryside began to talk, according to a lengthy report in the Peterborough Advertiser, of the mystery, and watch parties assembled in the cottages until morning. No timid ghost was this, for the pulsations continued whilst eyos were fixed on the very spot upon which the invisible blows were given. The land lord's estate bailiff, together with a com panion, took pains to keep vigil in ths ' haunted house' from midnight till 3. The noises were repeated with the greatest freedom. He droVo back to Runsey at 3 in the morning, admitting that he was baffled even in tho cleverest of the theories ho had in his own mind conjured up to accouut for t.hq mystery. Hundreds of people have visited the place, and solicitors, merchants, farmers, and other3 from the surrounding district have made critical examination of the house. The girl has b?en removed into tho adjoining house, where the rappings are not so audible nor so frequent. ? 'How are you getting along with your now servant girl? ' asked the caller. 'Our now servant girl ?' replied the hostess with somo indignation in her voice, 'why, alie has been with us for four days !' Oaraful Parent — 'Before I can give con sent to your proposed marriage to my daughter I must know something about your character.' Suitor — 'Certainly, sir, cer tainly. Hero is my bank-book.' Careful Parent (after a glance) — 'Take her, my sou, and be happy.' 