' ' ! LONDON, Gth August. I. wonder why it is that certain people feel very .dull now nil the colonial wigwams, are empty. The Hotel Cecil is a howling wil derness: the sparrows go about with droop- ing wing and saddened cheep-clieeps. No more do tire scarlet coats of the royal ser vants light up the corridors of the East Block; nomorcisthocoui- tyard crowded with royal carriages; no, more does the" Court tailor rush in with scissors and needle and thread and thimble to put certain stitches iu'eertnin satin small clothes that have boon sat in too much, and to let out stitches in certain satin vests that have been dined in- top often; no more— — but this for another par., \ ; . ; j-. , , . No more does the Court washerwoman fly around' with renovated Point d'Espagne lace ruffles; no more 'does the Court perru- quier denude certain hirsute personages of a hirsutencss that is-felt to be too much — also unbecoming; no more does the royal leech, with courtly manner nnd stealthy step, trip around' with timely blue pill and black draught; No; no more— no more. , All is dark, deserted, desolate! , . And besides, London is London no.lotiger, because all London is at:Cowesj or at, the seaside,, or packing iip to go to the seaside— or to Mnrienbad. Isn't it funny!— because tlie 'Priniee :is " gbing to" '' Mar i'enbad. '! Any . fashionable doctor who has any sense pre scribes for his patient, .especially if she be ti pretty woman; exhausted, by the excep-. tioiial season— Maricnbad; and Marienbad it'is— and humiliated Homburg sulks in de solation and tears. . All of a row, ' Bend your liow, , Shoot at a pigeon, And kill a crow. That's what 38 people did on hank holiday morning at St; John's, Walworth: — "All' of a row," &c.;, 19 couples were married all at one fell swoop'! . There, they were, "AH , of a. row," and they bent their bow. Perhaps .after a. bit they will find they shot at' a. pigeon and killed a crow. Some people do. The question arises in my mind, Is this not the game we are all of us playing all the days of our lives? Of course Cowes is.Cowes still, but Cowes is not as it used to be. Ten years ago people paid attention to'the town; everybody went to sea. Now people pay no, attention to the sea, . they assault the town aiid gaze upon the fdaining billows from points of vantage, a la sister Anne up m the tower. Ten years ago people who had yachts, went a yachting to see other yachts tack and fill and run and buck — (I am afraid "buck" is not right— it doesn't look right) — and do other nautical that I know nothing of. Anyhow; they, went to see. the sport. Now 110 one comes any more for the racing. It's like Henley— who cares for tlie'refjatta? It's like Lords— who cares for- tlie cricket?— except little' new boys and doddering old ones, stuffed full of reminiscences and runs which they inflict on their friends. Ten years ago the yachtswoman was a woman of serge, sense and sailor hat. Now she is a brilliant butterfly with gauzy shccny wings, tliat a crisp; sharp,' salt wind takes all the stiffness out of and crumples up. She brings down her Saratogas, her best frocks, her lap dog, her cavaliere servante, her sea sick maid— and to tell tho truth; is more than a trifle mal de lncrish herself.- But, dear me; I do grumble this week! .Well, nil my grumbling will not do away with the fact that the season opened with lovely weather. Tho sun had it all its own way. The. water glittered and winked and -blinked at the shining luminary overhead. There was 110 wind, and, wrath reigned In the breasts of competing,- yacbtsineri; : At noon, "Boom!" went a big guri— "Boom! "— "Boom!" "Boom!", 'It came from tlielt. Y.C. battery; It was tlie R. Y.C; annual meeting, and not to be inissed. ,'H.R.H; generalljr pre sides, but he, was busy 'on the Britannia, and so the Marquis of Ormond was his under- study. During tho meeting all the ladies dressed to death sit. under the trees on the' club lawns comparing notes, on tlie past season nnd their friends' costumes and characters, or gazo long, lnnguidly and lazily on the silver Solent gliding by at tlieir feet and covered with small. craft. When the meet ing breaks .up the ladies learn that some wonderfully important business lias been transacted— three new members have been elected! . On the Queen's Cup day several business like "gets, up" were seen. One effective 'dress on theEsplnnadewas of white flannel, adorned with innumerable braids and ro settes of light and dark blue ribbon. Another, awfully chic, was of black cloth piped with narow gold and white, and con fined round the waist by a gold military uash; yet another,, of palest green -and transparent yellow, was delightfully cool looking, and suggestive of the sea and sun shine. , ; - Do yon know. the last new Cowes fad— and a fad for everybody to indulge -in, I think— are evening garden parties? Mr. Godfrey Baring is credited- with tlie idea. He gave one at Nubia on Wednesday even ing that proved- what a very excellent idea it was. The gardens. were illuminated with Chinese lanterns— globes of colored lights — those celluloid" ones, and fairy lamps out lined .the. paths. Easy chairs and rugs nnd cushions were everywhere; and, thoughtful creature, there : was a delightful marquee with all sorts of iced drinks on tlie terrace. The weather is dreadfully warm, 88 in the slinde always and every day. . The only way we can keep ourselves cool is by talk ing "IClondyke," which is so exceedingly cold that even a warm friendship is a diffi cult thing to strike. I come across a funny Klondyke story. Of course they hnve missionaries there, no place is too cold — and for the matter of that, no place is too hot — for them, and it was necessary to build a church. Well, the church "was eaten." This is how it came about. As there was no .wood, tlie mis sionary had to emjiloy whales' ribs -for rafters, and covered them with tanned wal rus hide. The edifice was constructed to hold 80 persons. All went well until the ad vent of the intensely cold weather, when hosts of famished -dogs promptly attacked the sacred edifice and ate it. I wonder where those dogs expect to go to? Do you want nn idea for a bathing dress that shall make all Australia "sit up"? Here is one: — A white silk costume consist ing of loose knickerbockers, frilled at the knee, white silk stockings and white, shoes, a tunic with a white bolt and short sleeves, and cut low at the neck. The costume, is embroidered with the wearer's monograms carried out in pale blue silh, and over the left breast is a charming design representing two hearts transfixed with a golden arrow. ' Yet another:— A brilliant green costume composed of knickerbockers and tunic made all in one, and secured round the waist by a silken cord. White sillc "baby socks" — long gloves to tho elbow, and a poppy colored Tarn o' Shanter. La Bernhardt is going to take a rest at Belle Isle— dor her mind, not for her body--, for slie is going to fish, row arid cycle. "I have granted myself 50 days of flancrie," she said, "not one more. On 20tli September I shall be back licre iti l'aris, for I have a promise to fulfil, a. Royal promise; I liavp given my word to the Prince of Wales that lie will have the pleasure of seeing hie play Hamlet this winter. After the fencing act in 1 Lorenzaccio, his Royal Highness came to my, dressing room, and, after the well- deserved congratulations (hero she laughed heartily)', which I fully expected, he told mc that I ought to personify Hamlet. 1 looked, at him to he sure that lie was in real earnest,- and then I answered, almost at once:. 'C'est Monseigneur, I shall play Hamlet. I shall begin in Paris. Then I shall coine to you for the next London sea- .son. The -translation of Morand and '.Scliwob is decidedly good; I shall try-' " . Here, is a' story oE the Lrown. i. rmcess ot Italy. ' Her father is the reigning Prince of Montenegro, and her family, though very poor and keeping a very plain court, is ex cessively, old. When she arrived at Rome lier lady. in waiting wanted to patronise her. '/Your Royal HighnesB must find the court life a great change; tho etiquette and stiffness must be very novel to your Royal Highness?" was tho remark made; hut in- stantly the Princess replied, with sang froid: "Oh the contrary, I think it is won derful how well things aire done at court here-rcbnsidcring it is Bo very 'new.' " I 'read this story, and I say to myself— Why . "sang - ifroid"? The Princess of Montenegro -was ' brought "-up and edu cated . at the- Court "of Russia — and it was ait one time -thought she was destined for the very highest position a'lady can be advanced to in1 that' great Country. I send you ah -anecdote of Patti. I must say ! never herit'd it before. I am like the Scotchman; "I'hne my doots." The greatest enthusiasm which lias ever been seen, per haps, in' the Opera House whs when Patti was the prima donna; and the Princess .of Wales was'so carried away that she tore off some -ornament, a- bracelet off her -wrist or a ring from -her finger, and threw it at her fcct.upon the stage." Instantly a celebrity of the half world followed her example; but Patti only took up the royal jewel, mid left the other lying among the bouquets which had been showered upon her, to bo picked up by the stage attendants. Our' own Princess is a model of deport ment—always has-been. >1 cannot imagine her displaying enthusiasm of- that kind, or .of iuiy idnd, in that manner. Then again, I think the other person would not dare to do a thing like that in London. Still again, why such discrimination 011 the part of La Diva." H6iv eould she possibly know? ' Still 110 news of Andree." But we have a plague of pigeons, not froin'the North Pole, though. Everybody is catching them every where. It turns out that a thousand pigeons were flown froiii Heligoland by the "Altona Carrier Pigeon Club" on 13th July, and they are being picked up all over the world. , A. pigeon settled on my- balcony Monday when I was writing. I sat 4jry still, and looked at its pretty pink feet with much, pleasure. Presently it preened its pretty feathers;' presently, again (and in spite of my stillness)"/ it flow away. Somebody told ; me it was a sign or a message of death. - But nothing fatal has happened up to now. Still, I am on the. look out.- I rather believe in that sort of thing. I should love to get a message from- the mystical—the occult — the unknown— or bet ter still; to see a ghost; a. ghost that would speak to me— a- ghost that I could construct copy out of.' EMILY SOLDENE. 