A CHARGE OF LIBEL : MANDERS v. NORTON. The action instituted by Albert Staines :Manders, of Sydney, against John Norton, editor of Truth, to recover compensation for the publication by him in his newspaper of an alleged- libel, was commenced on Mon day morning before Mr. Justice Cohen and a special jury of twelve. Mr. Wise, with him Mr. Garland and Mr. Conroy, instructed by Messrs. Chenball and Eddie, appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Norton appeared in ?person. The libel complained of consisted of certain comments made in respect of the 'Diamond Jubilee Charity Carnival.' Th-3 defendant, from whom damages to the amount of £2000 are claimed, is charged with having made imputations about the plaintiff, who was the promoter of the car nival, and the necessity for some person of good reputation and standing being the pro moter and manager of fetes organised for the benefit of public charieties. In opening the case Mr. Wise explained that the libels charged consisted in the pub lication by the defendant of statements in which he declared that plaintiff as a business man was not to be trusted with money, not fit to be in respectable society, was in fact a man who made a living by practising upon the moat sacred feelings of human nature, consisting of getting money in charity and perverting charity funds to his own private purposes. In 1896 a committee of gentlevnen connected with charity organisations deter mined to hold a carnival, and the affair was duly carried out. In 1897 these gentlemen, without having been dissolved as a committee, met again and determined to renew their efforts in connection with the city charities, and took advantage of its being the Diamond Jubilee year to hold' another carnival. They determined to have what they called a Diamond Jubilee Carnivalt and in order to make it a big success they cast about for a man who was competent to undertake the management for them, and after making inquiries they engaged the plaintiff. The patrons of the carnival were the Governor and Lady Hampden and the vice-patrons Sir William Manning, Mr. Lyne, and Mr. S. E. Lees, gentlemen who were well known to them all. Then followed the names of the committeb, amonast them being gentlemen who had frequently indentified themselves with charitable organisations. The committee in tact were composed of ladies and gentlemen, not one of whom would have lent their names to the affair unless they were satisfied of its bona fides. The com mittee appointed the plaintiff as manager at a salary. He had not sought them ; they had sought him. However, the carnival was held on the Agricultural Society's' Grounds, and a pretty considerable sum was realised — some- thing like £1000 net, which money was dis tributed amongst the charities of Sydney. The learned counsel then referred to the articles complained of by the plaintiff as being libellous. -%If,' said Mr. Wise, in conclu sion, ' the defendant withdraws a'l these im putations against Mr. Manders so that he can leave tbe court with his character cleared and reimburses tho expense he has been put tc to defend himself, we will even now with draw the record and allow you gentlemen (the jury) to get back to your business. If that offor is not accepted I shall ask you to receive the refusal, to accept it as a gross aggravation of the original charge. The refusal of that offer demonstrates this — that these charges are not inserted in good faith in the public interest but to increase the cir culation of the newspaper.' Johu Wilkinson was called, and in answer to the learned counsel said he was a solicitor of Albury and president of the Mechanics' Institute there. In cross-examination wit ness said ho had recollected Manders when he was a resident of Albury. He was engaged in connection 'with an exhibition held there as manager, but he could not te'l who recommended him for the position. He preferred to say that he recommended him, rather than say he did not. Mr. Manders travelled through the country collecting exhibits, and he found his services in connec tion with the exhibition satisfactory. When he said satisfactory he meant that the financial success had resulted in a profit, of about £135 or £137 10s. The exhibition remained open for two months. Mr. Manders worked for about eight or nine months, and he received £92 and a benefit for £30, making the total £120. Tho arrangement was that Manders was to receive a percentage on the net profits of the exhibition. At the close of the exhibition he made an estimated statement of the probable profits, and he believed he stated that they would probably amount to about £500, and whether or not the Govern ment subsidy were included in that estimate when he made the statement ho did not know. The statement was simply given to him by two members of tho sub-committeo. He ?would not swear that he said the profits would be about £700. A balance-sheet had been prepared. Mr. Manders remained in Albury after the exhibition. The committee had given him a testimonial. Ho signed it on behalf of the committee. Ho was not a particular friend of Mauders ; nor had ho been in any sense, shape or form, instru mental in getting him appointed to the com mission of tho peace. He admitted having known that Manders was fined for conducting a awaep at Albury. In his opinion the ap pointment of Manders to the commission of the peace did hot create a scandal He was aware that petitions were got tip foi1 and. against his appointment. Robert Barber Cropley, Mayor of Leich hardt. said he was one of the hon, treasurers of the Diamond Jubilee Charity Carnival with Mr. Roseby, hon. treasurer of the Benevolent Asylum, and Mr. J. Sydney. The yellow print produced, setting out the attractions of the carnival, was r.he only yellow print, so far as he knew, published in connection with the affair. In cross- examination ho said he had written out his resignation from the committee because he objected to so much expense being incurred. He, however, was prevailed upon to withdraw his resignation. He refused to sign cheques because ho ap prehended other accounts would come in, and things had turned out as he anticipated. He was being sued for an account in respect of some printing. He was one of the trea surers and he was being sued with the others. Mr. Wise at this stage closed his case. Mr. Norton then went into the box. He said he had known the piaintiff for years. He was proceeding to give evidence as to specific transactions when his Honor ruled that ho could only giveevidenco as to general bad character. Defendant then said he had learned both here and in Albury that which caused him to watch the plaintiff. His general reputation wa3 bad, very bad. His general reputation was that he was an adven turer. His reputation, to defendant's know ledge, was that for the last 8 or 9 years he had been a sort of charitable Chevalier d'Industrie, a professional philanthropist, a man who had no lawful visible means of sup port outside those charitable movements that he was constantly promoting. His general reputation was and is that he is a swindler, that he is in debt to everybody, to dozens of people in Albury, to scores of people in Sydney. Of defendant's own knowledge, but more particularly from, general re pute, Manders was a flagrantly dishonest man. He deemed it his duty — — Mr, Wise objected. Mr. Norton, continuing, said the reputa tion he spoke of was not relatively but abso lutely notorious. Manders's name in Albury was a term of opprobium. Manders in creased hio bad reputation, if possible, by his action in connection with St. Mary's Australian Fair. Mr. Wise again objected. Mr. Norton, continuing, said his appoint ment as a justice of the peace was viewed there — Mr. Wiae once more objected. George Arthur Thompson, a merchant, of Albury, said he bad been Mayor of Albury for a couple of years,' and was a justice of the peace. He knew Manders in connec tion with tho industrial exhibition held at Albury, and had prepared a balance-sheet at the request of the committee after the exhibition had closed. The exhibition re turned a profit to the committee. He pro -d-uced the accounts in connection with the whole affair. He hardly thought tho ex hibition from first to last proved a profit to the institution. It was Manders's duty to see that all accounts were sent in to the committee, but witness knew that some accounts came in after the plaintiff left. Manders received more remuneration than he was entitled to. In his opinion Manders's management, so far as the exhibition went, was satisfactory, but so far as the accounts went, it was not. Handera's general reputa tion at Albury was not very sood. Manders's appointment to the Commission of the Peace was, witness believed, considered by a great number of the magistracy at Albury as a most unsuitable one. In answer to Mr. Wise witness said he had formed the opinion that a man who had been connected with a sweep should not hold tbe Commission of the Peace. He had signed a petition against Manders's appointment to the Commission of the Peace, and 24 of his employees had also signed it. With tho exception of tho sweep, and the fact that he owed money, he knew nothing of Manders's character. Daniel Abbott, of Albury, an amateur athlete, said he knew Manders, and had had business transactions with him, Manders's reputation at Albury was ' not too good.' Frederick William Tietyens, a solicitor practising at Albury, said he knew Manders. He regarded his reputation ' in two phases.' He did not. see that any objection was takon to his character until he started a newspaper called Table Talk. Thin he got into disre pute, owing to the, conduot of that paper. Up to that time witness knew nothing against him. Mr. Norton : What do you mean by disre puto '!? Witness : Well, the material in the papor. Mr. Norton : That is very vague. I fall into disrepute in tint way every week. Witness said he regarded the material in his paper — in certain parts of ib — as low and scurrilous aud untruthful. His reputation was bad in consequence of the paper. In answer to Mr. Wise, witness said he had written two paragraphs at Mandors's invita tion for the papor at tho start. ' At the time he wrote he found no fault with the paper, which afterwards degenerated. Mr. Norton : After you left off writing for it. (Laughtei\\) Witness, continuing, said: be had been pre sent at the drawing, of some of the sweeps, and ovoryfching had been fair and above board. Francis Corlette, shorthand writer, said he was tho wrter of the alleged hbel. He had known Manders for eighteen years. Witness I suggestod the article, and then learned that tho sub-editor had talked the matter over with Norton. Mr. Norton : In fact, the ghost of Manders was hauntina Truth. W. M. Sherrie, a journalist and part pro prietor of the Albury Daily News, said he knew Manders, whose reputation at Albury was that of an adventurer, a parasite of society. Mr. Norton : Ha ! wo are getting biological now. (Laughter.) Witness (continuing) said he had unfortu nately business transactions with Manders. His firm were the printers of Table Talk. He got a judgment against Manders. Mr, Norton : And you are ready to gar nishee the verdict he gets here. (Laughter.) Witness (continuing) said that Manders had not sued him for libel. He had published what the defendant had published in Tiut.h. In answer to Mr. Wise, witness said he be lieved tho paragraph produced was printed iu the Albury Daily News while he was editor. It was written by Manders himself, he be lieved, and was put m as a paragraph. He desired to correct a statement. He was alleged to have been the promoter of the petition got up against Manders. He denied that he was either the originator or the pro moter of the agitation. John Murray, collector of accounts, said he knew Manders, and had first made his ac quaintance in Melbourne. His general repu tation there was a bad one. This closed the defendant's case. Richard Creagh, superintendent of police in the Albury district, was called on behalf of the plaintiff in reply. * He knew Manders, and was appointed by the Government to in quire into his general fitness for the position of a justice of the peace. The result of his inquiries from the citizens of Albury was that he had ascertained Manders to be a man of good character. In answer to Mr. Norton, witness said that Manders's character iu Al bury was a good one. He had not made the inquiries himself ; he had placed the matter in the hands of Sergeant Brown. ?Edward William O'Sullivan, M.L.A., said he had known Manders for about 29 years. His general reputation, so far as ho knew, was good. He was not aware of his being a gambler. J. M. Chanter, M.L.A., said he was on the committee of the Diamond Jubilee Carnival. Manders was appointed general manager of the carnival. He was to receive 2£ per cent, of the. profits, and an allowance of £3 a week for expenses. He had nothing what ever to do with the receipts of the carnival, which was a big success. Detective Hinds said he was in Adelaide during the exhibition there, and frequently came in contact with Manders. From what he saw and knew of him his reputation was good. In cross-examination witnesB denied that he had ever threatened to give witness a cow-hidiner for certain things he had written of him in Truth. William J. If. Mount, an advertising con tractor, said he had known Manders in Mel bourne. He had never seen him doing any pencilling at Flemington. As far as witness knew, Manders's reputation was good. The plaintiff was next called. He said, in answer to Mr. Wise, that he was in business in Melbourne for 21 years. He carried on a telegram agency there. In 1888 he became insolvent. He was in partnership with his brother prior to going to England. The partnership was dissolved in 1886, but he still kept the telegram business. The mercantile business was kept by his brother. For three years he was manager of Tattersall's Club in Melbourne. When he went to Albury he started a tele graphic agency. In conuection with the 'Robin Hood' sweep he was to do the advertising and printing, and to receive 25 per cent, of the proceeds. Ho left Albury a month after the exhibition closed there, aud came to Sydney. Ho produced testimonials he had received from a Jarge number of ex hibitors at the Adelaide Exhibition. It was not true that he evor did any pencilling there. No one had ever told him that tho 'Eobin Hood' sweep was a swindln. Ex cept in a representative capacity, as a member of a committee, he had had no dealings with either Mr. Bsach or Deeble. He had nothing to do with thoin personally. Table Talk did not pay, and he r.wed a portion for the print ing of it. He had received altogether out of the Diamond Jubilee Carnival £88. For that amount he had worked from the middle of May to the middle of October. The plaintiff, in cross-examination, said that before he conducted' tho telegraphic agency in Sydney he was secretary of Man ders's Tatteraall'a Club, Melbourne. Tho committee was composed of several gentlemen holding prominent positions in tho city. Ho discontinued tho telegraphic agency in 1894. He was never oxposed for malpractices in connection with the conduct of the agency. Table Talk was in existence for two years and ! three months in Albury, but it was not a ; financial' success. j. Did you not make it a practice- to scanda lously misrepresent and libel certain of the leading residents of Albury in that paper ? ' No. ??? '?; '.- ' ??.?;. y ?;?:?::: y- v ' Were you ever thrashed for something you had published ? | A man named Wilkinson assaulted me, and was fined £5 for the assault. I Witness was examined about sortie cartoons which appeared in Table Talk and said that the gentlemen cartooned had consentorj to sit for the artist, and the cartoons were published with their permission. Mr. Norton : They have some queer people in Albury. (Laughter.) Witness (continuing) said that he was friendly with moat of the people in Albury, and even with some of those who had signed the petition against him. Witness was examined at some length about his appointment as a J.P. He said that he considered the petition got up in his lavor more influential than the one gob up against him. Henry S. Ramsay, accountant, and adver tising manager of Truth, called by Mr. Nor ton, denied that any complaint had been made to Manders about the brevity of tha advertisement re the Charity Carnival in Truth. This concluded the evidence, and Mr. Nor ton addressed the jury on bis own behalf. Mr. Wiso addressed the jury on behalf of plaintiff. ? 