A SYDNEY MIRIlACLE. INVESTIGATION BY A I1rPORTER. Tua ITrainv.sTwo CASH or Mht. TloWxAs JARvIS, Wilt) u AT) TIIA A PIW WKI:~IR AGO lhA WAS CIHPPII.HD- tARTIAtI.T VAItALTZERD, ':iPPI?IIN;O P11OHM .OCO 5u5Tuo" ATA.XA. AMU IIKLPrL$Is. ])DCTOs, IIHIpITAI, A UTOllIIRITIOnS lAND EVRT ONr5 11AIl Ie MUOAT )1) AN uI5s CAOn WA IIIHPKHLI.eS. BUT TIIEY W?PBIS IISrTAlKNN. T'O(-DAY I1n S1 A N?W MIAN, FULl, op Lpra inD Hnn1oY, uIS IIUoTCeIIKII no uA THRnowN AWAY, IS DlIAD 111111 IIAVE LIPS. 111i APPOTITS HAS RKTIIssD. AHND, IN FPAT, 1i0 HAS A NW. LEAS? OP LIP? Our AND Our. So much interest asn been shown by our readers in this marvellous cieno that lwe have ptiblished the facts again as they appeared in the .lustralian Worhniman a few weeks ago : One aifternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mlr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Orown-lano, Ultimo. IHe was discovered nursing a two-year old baby, anld his faes declared hims to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. lie was up and about and able to lsqwer the knock at the door. • about myd case Well, I amn glad of an opportunity to tell you. The foots Imaiy be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering 1" " Well, twelve months ago I got so had that I had to leave off work, and I have doun nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I woe badly scalded while taking a both in Pitt.street, Sydney: Since the accident I have been in foiiling heahhl, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced, to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the sylmpntoms 1" "Simply indescribable. The pains were soomething terrible. They were just about "as much as I could bear. They.were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting 'my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I w?o incessantly shivering and shaking, anil could ieitnher eat or sloop. On the 23rd M14"';h last I saw a well-known doctor, andl he told me that my ease was utterly hopeless. Ilowever, he gave ime an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order ?" " No I I oante home and want to bed, and have been pretty well int bed over siicea. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact I could not got out of bed. I felt, then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. Mly doctor was attendling nme, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to..hl, conclusion that 'I'as suflrineg fritn locotiotor ,.ni, at axsuga0u ItiO or saoy, a diseaso ,of the spinal cord, clharai. teriad by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating volunttary movements. He told u that I tmight last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of mlly logs. (Just then1 the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning ouan will grasp ut a sti.,w, I grasped at an idea onivoyed by the udvertisonlent describing the cure efft'eted in the case of another boiler.ntaketr in England, which I read in the Australian l'ork'man, by Dr, Williamls' Pink Pills for Palo People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit any own. I deter. mined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as tomarvelloua as ait was nmegcal. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing woae the matter with nie. It was tile first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was in. credible. I imntediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have takten four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and ant now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradlually, but surely, recovering my former vigor anud vitality, You see those crutches e )reo They were mado for mue before I got Dr. Willienams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use theum, anid now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soot, to do without it. You soe I am rapidly regaining nmy st rengthl." " lie is 100 per cent. better," said Mlts. Jarvis, who had cootme in and taken thie aby on lihear kees. " Dr. Willinams' Pink Plill have saved his life, and mnade aother man of hilat." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did I fort night previously. "I cant now," contlinud Jarvis, i have a cold bath, andi il tihe feeling hal cone nclk in my lege. If I ktlep olt going tthe way I ilt, 1 hopen to be nabl to rositunto work as a turnilor.tiaenl r, autl you know I have to lbe in tIe very pink of hlallu h and atrncuthi to work ait that trade. I uint hotter to-dacy thian I have Ieeno at aniy tinit dulingtt thec past five years. I asorilbe all lie chalnllg titd b'enefit to thIcie Pilnk Pills. They have aived iiiy life., 1 ant in no pain now, whbatever, and feel like a cutw tanii. On the nlantelpit'clo tlhar is a hcx of opium and morplhi pills which thei doctor gave nic to delanhll imi ,xcrucinting lain. lBut they caii stay Svlcerc they are, for I cn louetr need, thcen. Ev,?'ybocly who knowlia ite ia, hacrm tniinnzced it li ichange itc' ci t' 'They can hardly 1Ulivou tIlhuir eyt's lily being sicut again has cautidl cUiO' ii sntuation oit blr,'t uich is ti t ihe r ciua'ltcihl hianicy, antll conuIcirc's what is sud in ill thit ci11 now ,pp,'r i oif this iotllliry of Ithe astonishiug cures wroughc?ilt by DJir I" Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. They cure loonmotor ataxy, partial paralyhis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which crisan from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anetrisin, pale and sallow commrplexiod, general muscular .wetkmness, indiges tion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headcnbhe, &e.; These pills are a tonic, not a purge. tive. They are onuioe only with the full name, Dr. Williatoa' Pink Pills forp Pale People, and ore sold by chemists antd storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicino Com piany; Queen's Place, Sydney, will forwaird on receipt of stamps or post order oine box for 3s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s 9d. 