milting ana Finance. Brookman's Boulder has furnished the sensatioh of the week, with a splendid development at the 'J80-ft. level. Claim's upper levels were rather disappointing, but with depth it is getting there alright. Co.'s shaft is located in the centre of the property, and stands about 150 ft. from the northern boundary. Crosscuts were sent out east and west from the 280-ft. level, and the recent ripping strike happened in the west, about 40 ft. from the shaft. Latest news says the drive is in several feet without getting the west wall, and the stone samples about 8 ozs. to the ton. Not yet decided which lode the co. has struck, but expert opinion favors the main Lake View Consols body, which would thus be proved through the Perseverance, South Kalgurli, and Hainault, and, apparently, the Boulder Central cannot miss it. On the other hand, there are some who declare it is the Kalgurli lode, but that body would have to take a big swing to the west to bring it into Brookman's at the position of the late strike. By the trend of the Kalgurli lode, it should get into Brookman's nearer the eastern boundary, a view that is strengthened by the fact that the co. is sinking a shaft handy there for the purpose of locating the continuation of the Kalgurli body. Important developments may be expected in this shaft, and therefore stockers should closely watch this scrip. Co. consists of 180,000 £1 shares, and to provide more working capital 20,000 new shares, paid to 20s., are being issued at 25s. on the principle of one for every six originals. Claim has two blocks, running to about 48 acres. The one that has got the lode lies right north of the Hainault, north-west of the Kalgurli, and west of the North Kalgurli. The other lease is near the Crcesus Proprietary. Shares have further strengthened on the report that the Kalgurli lode has been cut in the eastern crosscut. Co. reconstructing to secure fresh working capital. Share capital to be increased to £175,000 by issuing 20,000 new shares at 25s. each pro rata to shareholders on the books on Decemher 3. Summarised the developments at Brookman's Boulder stand : Main shaft sunk to a depth of 300 ft. Levels opened out at 50, 100, 200, and 300 ft., and the country proved at those depths by drives, winzes, and crosscuts. The lode being worked upon is supposed to be a continuation of the Lake View lode, but there is no conclusive, proof of this. The general body of the ore is low grade, but a shoot of 2 oz. stuff was encountered at the 200-ft. level. Until recently this was the only development of value, but during the past week what is supposed to be the Hainault lode was encountered in the west crosscut at the 300-ft. level. The lode is very large in dimension and rich in quality. The Kalgurli lode is supposed to traverse the lease and a shaft is now being sunk in the south-east portion of lease to locate it. This shaft is down about 100 ft., - and drives will be put in east and west at that - level to intersect it. A drive is also going in east from the 300-ft. level of main shaft for the purpose of cutting that lode and anything else in the same direction. Property equipped with a 10 stamp battery, which is now running on low grade ore. The northern lease, called the Marvel, is not being worked as a mine, but is used as a water block. It is equipped with a pumping plant, and a large supply of water is brought by pipes to the southern lease and used for battery purposes. Several other lodes are supposed to traverse the western portion of lease, but are not yet developed. Boulder Centrals have fully justified THE CRITIC'S repeated recommendation by advancing over the 30s. mark. This rise was in sympathy with the hardening of Brookman's Boulder, as the Central is fairly sure to get what that claim has. Writer looks for higher prices yet to be recorded for Centrals. Co.'s new issue of 30,000 shares at 7s. 6d. will put £11,250 to credit, which will provide ample funds for necessary development work. With 60,000 shares in the co. this scrip, considering the position of the claim, would not be dear at 25s., so it stands to reason that the present 30s. market value for the 30,000 co. leaves a big margin for profits to buyers. Buyers of say 100 at 30s. carry the right to 100 at 7s. 6d., thus reducing the average cost to 18s. 6d. each for the 200. Prospects of the Central are splendid. Hannan's Oroya eased off on a poor return, which was quite expected. Whichever way you look at this co. its position warrants the assumption that prices are certain to have a nice recovery. "How will the Kalgoorlie mines pull for water this summer?" Many speculators are asking this question, for that's the weak spot that may affect the market, which is going very strong at present. When the field was young, the water question was a great bogey, but the producing mines managed to get a sufficient supply, and weathered the summer all right. To be hoped they will find no difficulty this hot season. In any case, a lack of water cannot still development work, and while the strikes continue as satisfactory as of late the market will not lack strength, and it is more than probable that all the better class of stocks will appreciate. Joel Phillips is one of the Barrier's most prominent mining men. Also an alderman, elected for Wills YVard, Broken Hill, last February overChas. McGlinchy, a prominent labor agitator. In the council he is noted for the few words he utters; average, a dozen words a meeting. However, he works well, if quietly, for his ward, though the Easter " creep" that occurred in the Junction has necessitated him paying closer attention to his mines than some of his constituents like. Mr. Phillips is at present manager of the Junction and Junction North, and casts a fatherly eye now and then over other properties. He came to Australia when seven years of age, and went underground in Victoria a year later. Since then, for 48 years, he has been closely identified with Australian mining. Bendigo, Ballarat and Castlemaine all know him. So do Moonta and Wallaroo, where he officered for 20 years. Ten years ago he took over the Southern Cross at the Barrier, and after leaving that property went to the Junction. Mr. Phillips is" as popular as a>ny man in the Silver City. He is also a reliable miner. What if the "creep" did occur ! Nowadays the directors seem to advise the managers what to do, not the managers the directors. Associateds crept over the £5 mark on Monday, and THE CRITIC again impresses on scrippers the advisability of holding for much higher rates, as the chances o£ the stock topping the tenner are very rosy. Investors cannot do better than plank their cash into Associateds. Last month's milling a daisy: crushed 1,700 tons for 2,329 ozs. ; shipped 1,020 tons giving 4,030 ozs., product of the 200-ft. level, Tetley's shaft, where an ore body averaging 15 ft. has been proved for 160 ft. Those are figures that speak for themselves. The future of the Associated has passed the period of doubt. The London board has determined to issue 125,000* additional shares. Of that swag 75,000 sharesare to be available to present shareholdersupon payment of £2 10s. a share. This issueto raise further working capital has been determined upon in consequence of the decision to develop all the co.'s blocks. On that account the proposed Iron Duke subsidiary float will not be proceeded with. There are about 125,000 shares on the Adelaide register. A million cash has been refused for the Three- Australias. Southern Cross, W.A., seems to be dying a slow death, and it is only a little over nineyears since it was discovered. Southern Cross, which has two or three good mines still, will always be famous in the eyes of the world asone of the camping grounds of Deeming, and another as the residence of Station-master- Horan, who promptly told Gov. Gerard Smith to go to Sheol! Is the much-paragraphed Deeming curse banging over S.CJ Reefers Eureka looking as well as ever. Thewinze has stopped in ore good for 7 ozs., but nofurther sinking will happen until a necessary connection is made with the shaft. By thelook of things, this mine will give the northern, end of the field a great lift. Premier will move on the Is. div. list shortly. A good mining investment. Princess Royal has over £7,000 cash in hand,, and the profits of the last great crushing yet to come in. From what the writer hears, all the stone so far crushed has come from the development drives, and stoping has not yet commenced. Mine will be a regular div.- payer, and a first shilling distribution is about due. Three scrips worth standing on : Great Boulder South, Hannan's Star, and Boulder Half-Mile South. The latter are a really cheapgamble. Croesus Consols with its bore at a depth of 350 ft. has passed through 8 ft. of a formation,, and though it may not be of high- class stuff it conclusively prove that the lode is there. Good business. Hope for Coolgardie contained in the evidence of N.S.W. Govt. Geologist Pitt, which pans out thus—" I think there is a great probability of a very large deposit of deep alluvial gold being found in the near future about these goldfields. Close to Coolgardie there is absolute evidence of the existence of a very deepalluvial caused by the denudation of the auriferous lodes." Queen Margaret month's milling, 525 tons for 488 ozs., registers a further drop in the mine's average. All the same, Chairman Harvey Patterson is still sanguine scrippershave a good div. mine ahead of them. With the additional ten-head mill running, he reckonsthe Margaret will speak to a more profitable tune. So as to sink the main shaft to 1,000 ft., a powerful winding plant is to be laid down. A contemplated Kalgoorlie float is the Ironsides North (block 946 E), consisting of 24 acres, and tagging on to the Union Jack, thelease recently floated in London as the Kalgurli United by the Octagon Explorers Limited^ The Ironsides North holds a splendid position on the lines of lode, and its floatation should therefore be ah easy matter. Proposed capital to consist of 100,000 20s. shares, of which 60,000 are, to go to the vendors, and 40,000 paid up to 10s." are to be available to the public at 6s. per share/ All the cash, less brokerage, to go to the credit of the co. THE CRITIC again recommends Brown Hill Extendeds, quitting in London at about 30s. This co. has 12 acres adjoining to Hannan's Brown Hill, and can hardly miss, getting the full strength of that claim's rich ore body. There are 65,000 shares on the Extended's register, and on the prospects they are good enough to get for a few pounds rise. Late London cables report that the North Kalgurli is increasing its capital from <£100,000- to £150,000. Conditions of new issue not yet known. Gold photo. JOEL PHILLIPS, Manager of the B.H. Junction. Re the Ivanhoe, Manager Hewitson says the ssouth drift (300-ft. level) on the middle lode ^hows a uniform 5|-ft. ore body, and improving in value as exposed. Occasional splashes of telluride were seen at the commencement in schistose rock, which shortly afterwards gave place to quartz and sulphides. Bulk assays average 1 oz. 19 dwts. per ton. Where opened Tip the eastern lode averages from 11 dwts. to :3 ozs. 10 dwts. Co. has £45,251 in hand. Hannan's Reward North's recent strike revealed a big oxidised lode, but so far the gold -contents are not paralysing. Anyway, the •development is one that may turn out better on •^development. The co. has an excellent position, and should come out on top. Kalgoorlie Mint's battery will start almost immediately. Co. crosscutting for the lode at i;he 200-ft. level, and should get in with 10 ft. •of driving. A decent strike would put a sweet " buck" on Mints. Hannan's Croesus expected to have the lode .-at the 300-ft. level within the next fortnight. These shares are splendid stocking, as there is -every prospect of a nice rise ahead. One Melb. firm has 4,000 Boulder Main T^teefs locked away. THE CRITIC again advises its readers to do likewise. This stock will yet have a thumping rise. Golden Pike main shaft down 400 ft., and it is to sink to the 500 ft. But the co. may open •out at the 400-ft. any time now. Kalgurli sinking two shafts on the south lease to locate the rich lodes traversing this belt, and developments are expected to be of .great interest to the Australia- Kalgurli line. Writer hears that from the old Kalgurli workings, at 50-ft. level, a crosscut is going west to further test three small lodes, and a similar drive is also going out from the 200-ft. level. ^Quite likely that something good will be found. First results of the Kalgurli smelting may be known any day now. Altogether 1,000 tons have gone forward. Stuff samples ozs. per ton. In addition to these are 2^ tons specimens worth 180 ozs. per ton. What a sweet picking ! Great Boulder has started to see what Block •280E., the small six-acre lease it holds immediately north of the Ivanhoe, has got. A main shaft is sinking for the purpose of exploring for the continuation of the Ivanhoe's main lode, which, according to the Kalgoorlie Miner, has never " yet been traced beyond the ^crosscourse at the north end of the Hoe. It is believed the crosscourse has thrown the reef -down and west, and the shaft is being sunk to •determine its position. If it should be found, the discovery would add largely to the value of the present neglected mines on the west side of •the belt." THE CRITIC'S strong tip to-day is South Kalgurlis. This claim promises to be equally .as big a mine as the Boulder Perseverance, -wherefore the writer expects to see Souths in the near future stand at double their present value. No speculator can go wrong in putting .these shares away. A very short time should see sinking the shaft to the 300-ft. level resumed. This is a 75,000 share co., with .£20,000 yet to spend. THE CRITIC reckons prices may easily touch £5 to £6. Lode has been proved at 300-ft. level on both sides of the Southland therefore the latter cannot miss it. In addition two other lodes are also known to traverse the claim, and it looks a certainty -to be a big mine in the near future. Printed that the Ivanhoe has about 250,000 i;ons of 2-oz. stone above the 200-ft. level— estimated gross value, £2,000,000. Which is a very large skite. Kaufman—and he should know—reckoned the stone available to stamp rabout 30 dwts. Interesting to note that the Red Hill, Kalgoorlie, Broad Arrow, Bardoc, 91 Mile, and Menzies are all in a straight line. Lawlers, the headquarters of the Murchison field, also lies on that line. General bearing of the lodes •and reefs are that way, and from this fact a •connection is argued. * A combine of the Premier South and the Premier Consolidated meditated. Apropos of the South, it is stated that miners in the locality have lately been content to rake in the profits on their holdings. Lake View Consols for the month, 9,565 ozs. 3 dwts. Still by a long shot the Westralian record. Gold value, £4 3s. an ounce, so that daddy yield stands the Consols in £39,694. Kaufman's boast that the mine would pan out 20,000 ozs. a month seems not far off fulfilment. And next year there should be several other claims treading on the heels of the Consols. Kalgoorlie Bank of England turns in a right kind of report:—" Marked improvement in face at No. 1 shaft, now 6 ft. wide, visible free gold right over face. From the assay results face worth 7 ozs " When this mine gets into a milling position it will give cheerful returns, and there is an excellent market future ahead of "Banks." Golden Ridge (Kal.) wires striking the footwall of the lode at the 234-ft. level, and the stuff is said to sample up to 19 dwts. 14 grs. to the ton. At the 160-ft. level this ore body is given as 30 ft. wide, but the management is discreetly silent as to how much of it is worth breaking down. Ore bodies 30 ft. wide sound big, but it is always a pretty safe thing to bet that not more than a few feet carry payable dirt. A few ore streaks and the whole country is classed as a formation. A square test of the whole face would about paralyse scrippers. Writer hopes the stuff at the bottom level lives up to the aforesaid sampling. How the manager of the Southern Boulder must have tumbled over himself to wire this : " Lode at 100-ft. much improved ; 2 ft. from hanging-wall graphite and pyrites assay 5 dwt. 5 grs." How beastly careful he must have been to save those grains. Had the directors any sense they would not fool about at the 100-ft., but hasten sinking to 300 ft. or 400 ft., by doing which the property would be thoroughly tested. Nerrin Nerrin, Bardoc (W.A.) maiden stamping, 135 tons for 22 ozs.; tailings assay 11 dwts. As usual, all the gold is alleged to be in the tailings. Umph ! Here again the mill gives the lie to the experts. " A good 2 oz. show" was the verdict of several men, and on the strength of their report shares were pushed to 30s. However, the truth is out at last, and THE CRITIC expects some fun at the next meeting of stockers. News that the Trafalgar Prop, lode is sampling up to 3 ozs. is a cheering item to Boulder Consols No. 1 holders. At the latter the prospects are very reassuring, everything pointing to the mine getting something good at the deeper levels. These shares are holding firm at about 5s. 6d., and are worth handling for a lock-up. A lovely muddle the Junction half-yearly report discloses. Balance- sheet shows a " loss" of £34,825, but considerable of this is " book- keeping" loss only. Really, however, there has been a dead loss of <£6,000 or so. Joel Phillips isn't to blame for the creep, which caused the loss; the fault lies with the directors, ; who ordered the rich pre to be rushed out to make up for the long absence of " divvys" by a record " burst." Creep, of course, is one of those things to be regretted, arid reflects perhaps only on over-zeal. The thing the directors did, which they oughtn't to have done, was to mislead scrippers with regard to the seriousness of the mishap. Junction "creep" figures : Sales of ores and concentrates for half-year ending September 30, 1896, £60,199 ; March 31, 1897, £93,470; Sept. 30, 1897, £25,943. Of course, the ore that ought to have been sold is still in the mine, but what about scrippers' divs. ? Safe to predict no "divvy" this coming half year ! Junction Manager Phillips, on the Good Friday of the " creep," said that the mishap was in reality a good thing for the mine, as underground work could in future be done more economically and more securely. What a curse this supposed blessing has turned out! Leaching and chloridising sections of B. H. Prop, mill doing the best " graft" of any portion of the machinery. About 1,600 tons of silicious iron from the open cuts (containing 3 or 4 per cent, lead and from 11 to 22 ozs. silver) being put through weekly, and the present saving from the leaching vats runs close on 83| per cent, of the argentiferous contents. In the olden time, 73 to 75 per cent, was the biggest save. The rotary furnaces are hardly up-to-date, but this is a fault that will be remedied in due course. B.H. South 800 ft. western crosscut dropped from the lode into soft country, and it is quite possible that something will be found on the other side. This development must be connected with the old 700 ft. working, as the winze at the latter level, now being sunk, is dry at bottom. In the old days the ground at the bottom of the stopes was like a sponge, from water oozing from below. South of the main east crosscut, 500 ft., big body of high lead grade ore encountered. Average assays, 44 per cent. Connection will be made in about a week's time with the winze from the 400 ft., and when this is accomplished the body will be worked on the sill floor and upwards. In thanking Broken Hill friends for proxies, a certain notorious B.H. South agitator is divulging the secrets of the office. He says that the mine has 30,000 good quids to its credit. If so, why don't the directors declare a dividend—or even two ? Or else go in and authorise the sinking of the deep level shaft THE CRITIC spoke about the other week ? Block 10's new development at the 715 ft. returning fair average grade ore. Much interest is centred in the continuation of the drive southward. The fahlerz being won at the Consols runs to 6,000 ozs. silver per ton. So far both this stuff THE MT. CHARLOTTE MINE, Kalgoorlie, showing Bagged Ore (which was neve* sent away). t and the native siher is but .patchy, but a keen look-out is being kept for ECme of the phenomenal develoj ments of past yeai s. North Central's pyritical indication at the 550 ft. has led to nothing—yet. But it is •widening. £1 a share call on Lilys. " Don't you feel well, young man T Junction Consolidated isn't looking so well. Silver Bill Junction intends extending its.,development below. Two years ago, if the present developments were occurring in the Junction North, shares would have run forward by pounds where.now they only go shillings. "Why,, this apathy 1 ? Crude ore, or rather natural concentrates, worth 29 ozs. silver and 42 per cent, lead, with not more than 12 per cent, zinc, is phenomenal. And this is the J.N.'s stuff. Winze from the 640-ft. to 750-ft. has proved it good all the way down. Moreover, soft ore is continuing west and east. Present winze is 120 ft. from the Junction boundary. About 70 ft. ahead another winze is going down in friable, and the same stuff has been proved 30 ft. ahead, where the old vugh was entered. Friable, friable everywhere, and hardly a move in shares. Resumption of 6d. divs. certain in December. Co. has nearly £15,000 in hand, North Broken's last few shots in the 700-ft, west crosscut shows more quartz than metal, but without knowing what is ahead there is enough good stuff about here now to work upon, both north and south. Pity a winze isn't being sunk from here to the lower' level to see what is below. General impression is that the development really corresponds to the chimney south. B.H. Junction's two winzes sunk from the 675-ft. have bottomed on hard ore. Why, THE CRITIC would like to know, aren't they being continued 1 Taking the Junction North as a model, soft ore would be struck under the casing. Junction, look smart; you've got a big set-back to recover. a s p £ u r t e a l o t - Searching inquiry and all, the origin of Block 12 fire is as great a mystery to-day as ever. It was not the result of spontaneous combustion, and could not have been the result of an ordinary accident. This has been proved beyond doubt. " Who struck the match ?" is, however, as great a problem as " Who struck Buckley?" By-the : way, surely the public deserve to know what the Propty. Co. did for the' relatives of three men—Knee, Mulcaster, and Hude—who were suffocated. If it has done anything, it has kept the fact very dark. Diamond Jubilee, out Silverton way, got over 1 oz. gold returns from 20 tons of stone recently sent to Port Adelaide. Another parcel of 25 tons going forwards. 'Tis intended to try and get the property floated in London, when certain things are done. Which things—that is another story. "Banjo" Harris, who looks after several properties near the Silver Hill for the B.H. Prop., was married last week. When are the Block 3 folk (they home in Adelaide) going to do something with their little mine 1 is a question Broken Hill would like answered. Property one of excellent prospects, but is being horribly tinkered with. Thus a Silverite : " B.H. Junction report and balance-sheet will come as an unpleasant surprise to stockers. Writer cannot help admiring the non- chalant style of Chairman Howe when alluding to the over estimate of the value of the ore on hand on the 1st April last of £9,371 8s., to which he refers with an essentially characteristic Scotch humor, as, * Your directors regret that the estimated surpluses on ore shipped during the previous six months have shown a heavy deficiency.' The "modest" amount for depreciation and bad debts written off of <£11,250 lis. 5d. he speaks of as being an amount previously standing on the balance-sheet for doubtful debts, which is not likely to be realised. Writer cannot understand how any auditors could certify to the correctness of a balance-sheet when two amounts aggregating over £20,600 were pparently an overestimate in the previous tatement of accounts, and should have been assed to suspense account. Expenditure of 9,000 on a new concentrating plant seems nwarranted, judging by the mine manager's eport on the milling ore, concentrates, and ailings, as the loss of silver and lead is simply normous. It takes about 4 tons of crude ore, ssaying 20^ ozs. silver and 26 per cent, of ead to make 1 ton concentrates, assaying 25| zs. silver and 64 per cent, of lead. Now, if he whole of the silver were recovered the concentrates ought td assay 82 ozs. to- the ton and nearly pure lead, or putting it in another way, 400 tons of crude ore containing 8,200 ozs. of silver, produce 100 tons first concentrates containing 2,550 ozs., showing a loss of 5,650 ozs. silver. Likewise the tonnage of crude ore originally assaying 104 tons lead produces 100 tons first concentrates, containing 64 tons lead, showing a loss of 40 tons lead on the parcel. It may be urged by the mine manager that the zinc tailings contain 17 per cent, of zinc, but this is not a marketable commodity, as it also assays 10 per cent, of lead. The ordinary mixed tailings, too, would be of no use for market purposes; the only other marketable product is the fiist slimes, but as these appear to be rather under 2 per cent, of the ore treated they are hardly worth consideration. To write 25 per cent, off the original cost of the machinery and plant at Broken Hill and Port Adelaide in one half-year, arid that acknowledged to be one of the worst half-years the co. has ever known, seems like trying to grab over £9,000 by merely book-keeping entries." Said that the B.H. South board, directly the silver market revives, intend to put Block 5 into a subsidiary company. At the 400 ft., Block 14, the western crosscut off the south footwall drive has entered the casing of the lode. The development will probably prove of some importance, as massive sulphides of high lead contents are showing. Lode formation in the South Central is widening out and carries garnet sandstone in some quantity. Water is also making more freely. The shaft is down over 144 ft. B.H. Prop, calls for tenders for raising 200 tons of sulphides from the Potosi, out near the Silver Hill. The stuff is from the 200-ft. level. Second section of new concentrators at the Proprietary put to work. Plant working but intermittently, stoppages for adjustments being too frequent to be pleasant. By the way, preparations are being made to again use Stewart shaft, Block 12, for hauling purposes. Four of the new Port Pirie smelters (Propty.) were blown in this week. Thus the life of those left at Broken Hill draws a stage nearer the close. Received from the S.A. Mines Dept., "Notes on the German Reef," and plan, prepared by Government Geologist Brown. The Department should do more of this kind of thing. From what THE CRITIC hears, there is every chance of S.A. mining having a real look up next year. Mt. Deddickshaveslumped badly,and the writer anticipates a further drop. THE CRITIC has all along cautioned speculators to be wary of this Eastern Gippsland alleged silver-lead field, and some information lately to hand proves it was on the right track. Developments at the Deddick are of small account, the co. only having sunk a pothole some 46 ft. deep on the formation. Lode exposed shows the ore to be very patchy, the only decent galena occurring at the intersection of the cross lodes. There is absolutely nothing to warrant the recent booin in these Mt. Deddick and " pup " shares, and this paper advises its readers who hold them to get rid of their parcels at the first opportunity. By the bye, the move in these shares was worked on the gag, " It promises to be a second B.H. Proprietary. Buy two shares—put one away and gamble with the other." Result—a large number of shares were cleaned off the market for a lock up, and hence prices have gradually firmed to an unwarrantable figure. The Deddick is a pure prospecting show; sofar nothing of importance has been proved, and! moreover, to get ore to the smelters will cost about £4 a ton. This kind of freight knocks all the cream off medium grade ore. George Gray, having turned his attention to- N.S.W. mining, has bonded the Chesney coppermine at Cobar for a float. Bulletin Arichibald and several other Sydneysiders are in the first robbing shindykit. The Kanowna deep-leaders have pegged right up to the local cemetery. One man pegged out the whole of the cemetery, proposing to drive into it a considerable depth. Wardens' decision awaited. There seems to be some grim humor in "pegging out" a cemetery. Won't the corpses have priority of claim, having " pegged out" before? Reports from Lyell state that the North Mt. Lyell's new lode is opening up marvellously well. Ore is very high grade, and the developments promise that the North will have a big body of it. This strike brings the North right on to a level with the parent mine, and in consequence THE CRITIC has no hesitation in again plumping for a good rise in the stock: The-way the North has come to the front has silenced all doubt in Melbourne as to the value and great promise of the mine, and in time to come it must be a worthy rival to its great compeer on the southern end of the field. Six weeks ago,, when this paper whooped for Norths as excellent stocking, there were not wanting carping critics who pooh- poohed the idea, but the writer has again had the satisfaction of seeing his prophecy come off, and those readers whobought on the strength of the "tip" handle a nice profit. Norths are really good holding and also good buying. In sympathy with the rise in Norths, Mt.. Lyell Extendeds have moved up, and considering the position of the claim, are certain to see much improved figures before long. Ditto Mt. Lyell Consols. Victory United, Ballarat, 59 tons for 86 ozs. lOf dwts. The best to date. Co. still driving for the continuation of the Britannia United lode and should not be long in getting to the spot. Buy these shares for a lock-up. Queen Lyell (Tas.) has of course got a " lodeoutcropping 130 ft. in width. Assay from same—gold, 8 dwts. 14 grs.; silver, 42 ozs. ; copper, 36 per cent." Next, please I Say, isn't it wonderful how these rotten " pups" find formations that can assay Mt. Lyell all to smoke. If the writer remembers rightly, the Queen was taken up three years ago and then condemned. Now it pops up with a "130 ft. formation." Road metal 1 Leviathan, Wood's Point (Vic.) has got some splendid stuff in the shaft now going down. Drive from the winze exposing excellent tack,, and the mill will soon be thumping on it. These shares are well worth watching. Melbourne United, Bulong, will shortly start to mill. Co. recently made a sixpenny call— rather a fall back on the prospectus that solemnly assured investors the mine was practically developed to the div. stage. However, the crowd are sanguine the claim will come out on the right side. Chalks Junction, Maryborough, has 122 ozs, 3 dwts. for the week. This alluvial mine is one of greait promise, and early divs. are in store for stockers. Chalks 3 will get the extension of the Junction lead, but Chalks 1 hasn't a ghost of a show. Expert Thureau whoops for the Rocky River (Tas.) in great style. He tells shareholders they may rest assured they have a most valuable property, which is improving in value every foot driven underground. If that is so they deserve their luck, for they have istuck manfully to it. A former manager sickened stockers , by driving away from the lode instead of on it. Great South Long Tunnel, Walhalla, for the month, 1,600 tons for 278 ozs. A sneezing falling off. Co. relies on the deeper level furnishing higher class ore. 