Found^yet Lost ? ? . — ? .' '[* '... ? I;; '. : ? . CHAT TBR 'VIII. ' HOW OAN I ?' , , When Martina re*anter«d tho ward Yan kee Blank .appeared, grinri^ said aflably, 'Howdy.' Alas ! a forlorn1 miser ? able hope that he miglit bare bean mistaken .was banished from Hobart's miad now that bo saw Niobol in the o!ear light of day.- Tho soar aorois hia forehead and a change ot ex pression, 'debolibg 'the' colfpad^f'Sne^'oulti tated manhood, eonld not disguise (bo uu ?Diistakablo featnroB. - There was ! nothing to beiiione but carry oat as quickly as possible rth'e purposo which bad cost him so dear. He first' tolegraphfld his uncle (d'diemiss farther anxiety, and that histaori' would 'soon be able to visit him. Then i tho heary-hear ted man soaght a physician whom' be koew well by reputation. The consultation was Laid aHd Niohol, (as he may be more properly' 'iiamed 'hereafter) was closely questioned and carefully exa mined, The reanh merely' confiimed 'pra vioua impressions. It-was 'explained',^ as fur as explanation oan be giveu of tho mysterious junctions of the brain, that either the con clusion of the exploding shell or the wound from a flying fragmoDt had paralyzed -the orgaD of memory. When *uoh paralysis wonld oeawo, if eter, no one ooiild tell. The ! power to recall OTcry thing might ?? return at 'any moment or it might be 'delayed inrfefloi teiy. A. shook, a familiar faoo, might supply tbe potonoy required, or : restoration ooms through the alow, anseenproceBBes of nature. Martine believed that Helen's faco and voico would accomplish eyerjtbing. He we s well known to the medical autho rities and bad nodtffionUy-in seouring-belief that he had identified Niohol. He also promised that -abundant additional' proof would be sent on from Alton, such' certainty being; necessary .to secure the offioor's baok pay land proper discharge from the service. '-The *aurgeoB then addressed the man- so strangely' disabled, ' You know I am in oharge of this hospital V ?' I reokon,' replied Niohol anxiouily, for the brief experience which he could recall had i- taught him that the authority of: the surgeon in -chief ^raa autoora tic. .. 'Well, first, you must give up 'the name ': of Yankee Blank. ' Tonr name hereafter is '-Captain Niohol.' 1 All right, dootor. I'll be a gen'ral ef you sex so.' 'Very -well; remember 'your name * ii Oaptaiu Nicbol. Next, you must obey this f?man and go 'with him. - Yon must do just 'Vhat he says in all respeots. His name is ? Mr/ Hobart Martine.' 'Yes, ho tole me lau' night. Hob't i Ma'tino, He took' on mighty cnr'ons after ?seein' me.' 'Do you understand that yon are to mind, to obey him in all respeots just as yon have obeyed me?1 'I reokon. Will he tek me to 'anuther hospital ?' 'He will take you where you will be well 'oared for and treated' kindly.' Having written Niohol'a disoharge from the hospital, the surgeon tamed to other duties. Martine informed his cousin, as far as it was essential, of the discovery he' had made and of -the duties which it impoied, then took his' lea re. Niohol readily accompanied hian, and, with' the exception of a tendency to irriUlion at little things, muoh of the good natured docility ol a child. Martine took him to a hotel, saw that ho bad a bath, put him in the hands of a barber, and then sent for a clothier. When dressed in clean linen and a dark eivilian suit, the appearance of the man was greatly improved. Hobart had set his teeth and would entertain no thought of compromise with his comoionoo. He would do by iNiohol as he would wish to be done by if their relations weru reversed. Holen should receive no greater shook than was inevitable, nor should Niohol loie the advan tage of appearing before her in the ontward asp6o6 of a gentleman. Martine then planned his departure so that ho would arrive at Alton in the evening :— the evening of the day on whioh he was to havo been married. He felt that Mr. Eemble should see Niohol first and hear the strange story ; also that tho father mast break the news te tha daughter, for he oould not. It was a terrible journey to the poor fellow, for daring the long hours of inaotioa he was compelled to face the probable results of bis discovery. The sight of Niohol and his manner was intolerable, and in addition, he was almost as muoh oare as a bbild. Every thing struck him as new and strange, and he was disposod to ask questions. His vernacu lar, his alternations of amusement and irrita tion, and tha oddity of his ignorance concern ing whioh should be simple or familiar to .a grown man, attracted the attention of his fellow passengers. It was with difficulty that Martine, by his stern, sad faoe and a cold, repelling wanner, kept curiosity from intruding at every point. At last, with heart beating thickly, he saw the lights of Alton gleaming in the distance. It wai a train not often' used by the villagers, and fortunately' no one had entered the 'oar who knew him j'eton the oonddotor -was a stranger. 'Alighting at the depot, he hastily took a carriage, and with his oharge was drivel to the private entrance of the hotel. Having given the haokman aa extra dollar not to mention his arrival till morning, ho took Niohol into the dimly lighted and de larted parlour, and sent tor the well-known landlord. Mr. Jackson, a bustling litle man, who, between tho gossip of the place and bin iow guest!, never seemed to have a moment's quiot, soon entered. ' Why, Mr. Martine,' he exolaimed, ' wo wasn't a lookin' for you yet.. News got around somehow ' that your cousin was dyin' in Washington, and that your weddin' was pnt off, 100. Wi-y 1 yon look like a ghost/ even in this light,' and ho turned up the lamp. ? Marline had told Iliohol to stand by a win dow with his baok to the door. He now Urnod' tho key, pulled down the curtains, then drew his charge forward whoro the light fell, clear upon his faoe, and asked, ' Jaokaon, , who is that ? ' The landlord stared, and his jaw fell from sheer astonishment, as ho faltered, ? Oaptaiu * Niohol I' * Yes,' said Niohol, with a pleased grin, ?that's uav now namo I Jos' got it, like this new soil o\ olo's, 'bos' I over bad ; dog* Sonod ei they alnfc. Uy old name was Yankee -nk.' (To be Continued), 