A' WONDERFUL WOMAN;' OR, THE DANGERFIELD 5VSYSTERY. - 9 By MRS MAY AGNES FILMING. CHAPTER XIX.— (Continued.) I 'Who was that?'' the earl asked. "A .visitor?" "The gov'ness, mo lord. Me lady's new gov'ness. Come two. hours ago. ray lord. Her name is Miss 'Erneastie." "Is tjie carriage waiting, -Soames?" in- <nuired my lady, sailing in. "You, Uncle J&aoul;, and at half-past ton! What mir acle will happen next? You don't mean to say you are coming with Cecil and I to the Duchess of Stra.iheam's soiree nxusicale?" "I don't, indeed. Nothing is further from my thoughts than soirees musi- caies. Ginevra, who is that new gover ness of yours? She is your governess, Soames tells me." "What, Miss Herncastle? Where did you see her?" "I saw her just now as I came in. She's a very distinguished-looking person, isn't she? Nursery governesses don't usually look like tragedy queens, do they? She has a very remarkable face." "Has she? You are as enthusiastic as 'Queenie. She saw her at noon, and rav ed about her for half an hour. I must fee very blind or stupid — I confess I can only see a preposterously tall young woman, with a pale, solemn face." "Enthusiastic, am I9" r>orci' Kuysiand repeated. "I wasn't aware of it; but I -once .knew another face very like it— wonderfully like it. And I give you my word of honor that as I came upon Miss i — ah, to be sure — Herncastle standing there in the moonlight, I thought I saw a ghost." CHAPTER XX.— AT SCARSWOOD. Date in the afternoon Lady Danger- field, her uncle, cousin, new governess, sand servants — an imposing procession — . arrived from London at Sc-arswood Park. Scarswood! With the rose flush of the setting sun upon it, with the glades, the lawns, the shrubberies steeped in gold, With the stone urns on the stone terraces turned to burnished silver, the scarlet roses like sparks of fire, every leaf of the copper beeches blood- red rubies, the win dows glancing through the trees like sheets of burnished gold. Scarswood Park and the turreted old mansion came upon them— a marvellously fair picture. Trackless depths of fern waved away and away, the great fish-pond spread out like a silver mirror. Landscape gar deners, under my lady's orders, had done their work; the parterres, the tropic bloom, the wealth of myrtle - and mig nonette, of roses and geraniums, were . like unto some modern Garden of Eden. "How lovely! What a magnificent old place!" Lady Cecil exclaimed. "And you call it dull as death — as dismal as a tomb, Ginevra." It was Lady Cecil's first visit to the an cestral home of her cousin's rich hus band, and in her heart of hearts the girl clearly loved the country. Lady Dangerfield glanced around her With a little sour air. "So it was, so it is, so it will be— if I let it. Why can't the London season last for ever? I like rural life and rus tic scenes— in pictures. In real life give me Belgravia." "And balls, soirees, operas, drawing- rooms and drives — the old weary tread mill, tiresome, endless round. For my self, six weeks in London, if you will, four of Paris, and the rest of the year in just such a dear old country house as this." "Well, my dear, you shall have all that and more when, you are Lady Tre- Tregenca. Towers is as old" again as Scarswood, and twice as 'rural. Is that my lord and master I see on the por tico steps? Really he shrivels up and grows smaller with every passing day! 'And here comes Pearl and Pansy flying down the steps like wild Indians. Miss Herncastle, what do you think of your future home and your future pupils'?" The governess, in charge of my lady's fat King Charles, had taken the third ' seat in the carriage. The earl had not driven with the ladies from the station. Miss Herncastle's large, calm eyes had been taking in everything, and Miss Herncastle's calm tones replied: "It is a beautiful place, my lady; but I have seen Scarswood before." "Indeed! This is not your first visit to Sussex, then? Was it in Sir Peter's time or before? Pansy, Pearl! .Little wret ches, do you want to run under the car riage wheels? Stand back and be still! Sir Peter, how stupid of you to let those children run wild in this boisterous man ner!" It- was my lady's first greeting to her husband, as she was assisted out of the Carriage. Sir Peter had come down the steps to meet her; she gave him two gloved fingers, then gave the twins first i a, shake, then a kiss. The little nine- year olds were miniatures of herself — £he same round black eyes, the same crisp black hair, the same petite fea tures and proportions, and so much, also, like one another, that it seemed impos sible at first glance to tell them apart. . "You disobedient little midgets!" their mother said. "Plow often have I told you not to rush to meet anyone in that fcoydenish way? What is your maid Ithinking of to let you?" " 'Twasn't Susan's fault, mamma," piped one black-eyed twin. "She told me to stay in the nursery, but me and Pansy saw the carriage, and you and auntie Cecil from the window, and we couldn't stay. We're so glad you've come, auntie. Our dolls haven't got a summer dress to their backs!" . Ladv Cecil laughed, and kissed the twins. Cmldren always fell in love iWith her at first sight. "Not a summer dress to their backs, 1 J. 1 a 1 the season so far advanced! :A harrow mc case, which must he at- i a i) immediately. Sir .Peter, ,v/x!l you endorse Pearl's welcome, and Fa v" you are glad to see me likewise?" She gave him her hand with a smile that thawed even the frozen nature of iSir Peter Dangerfield. To be glad to Bee anyone who was a visitor and daily expense -was not in his nature; but, as Esuch things had to be under the rule 'of his very much better half, he shook Lady - Cecil's delicate grey glove, and said something about his pleasure in ..welcoming her to Scarswood. "And Scarswood is a home to be proud !£>f," Lady Cecil said; "my idea of an earthly pa.ra.dise, as I told Ginevra just now. Papa stayed behind, Sir Peter, talking to a friend. He will be here for .dinner. Permit me — Miss Hern castle, Sir Peter Dangerfield. Ah, Pansy! &h;, Pearl! no more dolls and dress making. Here is a lady come all the way from London to train you in the way you should go." The twins fixed four big, bright black 'eyes full on the new governess. Sir Peter bowed — the governess was at some Utile distance— then stopped, put up Iiis eyeglass, a.nd stared again. The governess came a step nearer, fixed her 'eyes upon his face, made a graceful obeisance, and turned to her pupils. "Will you give me a kiss, my dear ? iYou are Pansy, are you not ? — you Pearl ? Ah, I thought I could tell the difference, though you are so much gfiike." i -"I trust, Sir Peter, you saw that .the lupholsterers fitted up the drawing and -idming rooms according to my orders ? Have the pictures ar " She stopped E'aort; "Good gracious, Queenie! what my husband staring at? Sir Peter!" ow-a 5 He never heard her. His eyes, behind i his double eyeglass, were fixed upon Miss Herncastle. His face had turned to a dull yellow pallor from brow to chin. His wife stood and looked at him aghast. "For Heaven's sake, look at him, Queenie! Is he going to have a fit or Sir Peter JDangerfield, what on earth is the matter with you ?" She caught his arm impatiently, and gave him no gentle shake. "He's staring at you, Miss Hern castle. What is the matter with him?" Miss Herncastle turned calmly from the children, and again looked at the baronet. "He certainly looks very ill. Is there anything I can do ?" ' | "Her voice!" the baronet said, in a horror-struck whisper: "her eyes, her face! Oh. Heaven! Who is this?" "Who?" his wife cried, with a second angry shake. "Are you mad ? Who are you looking at ? What do you mean ? Who ?" "That woman— that girl! Who is she ?" "Miss. Herncastle, the children's i governess, you. idiot!" Lady Danger- field actually called the baronet an "idiot!" and gave him a second shake into the bargain. "'What is there about her to frighten you into fits, I should like to know ?" "Miss Herncastle, the governess," he muttered, falling back; "and for ®ne j moment — I thought — I could have sworn it was — it was "" "Well — whom ?" "One dead and buried for six long years." He turned his back abruptly, and with' that ghastly answer walked into the house. My lady turned angrily upon her new governess. I "Really, Miss Herncaslle," she began, haughtily, "this is very extraordinary, I must say. The Earl of Ruysia-nd sees you last night in the moonlight, and. takes you for a ghost; Sir Peter Danger- field sees you to-day in the sunshine, and takes you for another. Who are you, pray ?" The faintest symptom of an amused smile dawned on the tranquil face of the tall nursery governess. "I am Helen Herncastle, my lady, and the ghost of no one that I know of." Lady Cecil laughed outright— her sweet, mellowr laugh. "How absurd you are, Ginevra. Ghost, indeed! Only evil consciences see ghosts, and Miss Herncastle.' is much too substantial for ghost or fairy. She resembles someone Sir Peter has once known — dead six years, he said. Was there not a cousin — a young lady who died suddenly, an " "Impostor," said Lady Dangerfield. "Yes, thex-e was— I daresay it is she! It's not Miss Herncastle's fault, I sup pose, that she must resemble, dead people, but it's very extraordinary and very unpleasant. My nerves have re ceived a shock they will not recover froixx for a week. I hate scenes!" Rich with silver, sparkling with cry stal, white with linen, gay with flowers, was the round dinner table at Scars wood that night. My lady, dressed in one of 'Worth's most ravishing master pieces. though there were no gentlemen to. admire but her uncle and husband, looked a fit goddess to preside at the feast. Lord Ruysland, bland, urbane, suave, smooth, was faultlessly attired, and with a rose in his button -hole. Lady Cecil, in gold-brown silk, the hue of her eyes, was also there, but not Miss Herncastle. Sir Peter drew a long sigh of relief. "You're not looking well, Dangerfield," rny Lord of Ruysland said to Sir Peter; "you positively are not. You lose fles'i, you lose spirits, you lose appetite. It is evident that the air of Scarswood does not agree with you.. Take my advice, and go abroad." His lordship was right — the air of Scarswood did not agree with'Sir Peter Dangerfield, and never would. "Lady Cecil, is Miss Herncastle's hair brown or black?" Lady Cecil 'glanced round, glanced down, for she was the taller of the two, aixd saw the pinched, yellow face of little Sir Peter. Now, Lady Cecil, out of the greatness of a generous heart, had an infinite pity for all long-suffering things, and she pitied Sir Peter greatly. "My dear Sir Peter, how you startle me ! I was thousands of miles away, I believe, when you spoke. What did you say? Miss Herncastle — what?" "I askeel you if Miss Herncastle had long, light-brown hair?" A curious question, 'surely. Lady Cecil's soft, fawn-colored eyes opened a little as she replied. it U 1 J Lo J. L-cLIlllOL dilgvVcl. YV 1 1 can tell who has long or short hair in these da:?s of chignons and false tresses? Of the color I can speak positively. It is black — jet black." "Black!" He gave a great gasp of relief. "You are sure, Lady Cecil?" "Certain, Sir Peter. And her eye brows and eyelashes are of the same deixse darkness." "And her eyes, Lady Cecil — are they grey?" "Still harping on my daughter!" laughed La. Reine Blanche. "Yes, Sir Peter, they are grey — very dark — very large — very fine. You ap pear to take a' most extraordinary in- teres'- in Ginevra's new governess, cer tainly. Resembles, doubtless, some one you have known?" \- "Resembles! that is not" the word for if. I tell you, Lady Cecil,": in a voice of deep, suppressed intensity — " it is the same face, the same — the same. Older, graver, deeper, changed in some things, but the same. The face of Katherine Dangerfield!" The name had not passed his lips for years. His eyes had a glitter, his whole face an excitement, his voice an inten sity she had never heard before. She drew back from him a little, yet curious and interested too. "Katherine Dangerfield! Yes, I have heard her story. It was in the papers years ago, and Ginevra told me of her at the time of her marriage. A very sad story — a very sad fate. She lost all — fortune, name, father, and her affianced husband- — on her wedding day, and a week after. she died. It is the saddest story I think I ever heard. What a das- tard, what a cowardly dastard, that man must have been. What became of hhn, Sir Peter?" ' "I don't know — I have never asked — I never carecl. I was not to blame — no one has a right to blame me — I only took what was lawfullj' my own. She had no shadow of right to Scarswood'. Plow could I tell she would die? Other women lose their fathers .their husbands, their fortunes, and live on. How did I know it would, kill her? I say again!" his voice rising shrill, and high, and angry, "no one has a right to blame me!" "And no one does biaxxxe you, Sir Peter. Why should they? Of course you could not foretell she would die. And Gine vra's governess really resembles this poor dead young lady so strongly?" "It is horrible, I tell you, horrible! I thought I saw a ghost when she rose be fore rxxe three hours ago. Lad:,' Cecil, do you believe in ghosts?" He asked the question abruptly, and with perfect gravity. Lady Cecil laughed. "Believe in ghosts! My dear Sir Peter, who does believe in glxosts in the nineteenth century? Surely, Sir Peter, you don't believe in anything so ab surd?" "You laughed, Lady Cecil, ' he said, hoarsely. "In the vulgar superstition ! no ghost in shroud ever came to my bed- I side, but there are other ways of being j haunted. There are dreams — -horrible, I awful dreams, that conxe night after I night., the same thing- over and over, and 5 from which you start up with, the cold j sweat on your brow and the damp of j death an your hair — visions that come to I you in your sleep from the infernal re- | gioix-s, I believe, more ghastly than any- waking vision. Over and over, and over the same — what do you call that, Lady Cecil?" "Hot .suppers, Sir; Peter, and heavy dinners. Any skilful physician will ex orcise your dreaming apparitions." "And a few nxiles from here there is a house, Bracken Hollow it is called, which no one, not the bravest in the parish, is willing to pass after nightfall. A house in which a nxurder on.ee was done, where unearthly sights are seen at unearthly hours, and unearthly sounds heard. What do you say to that?" "That it's a very comixaon story, in deed. Why, at Olive Court, papa's place in Hants, people say there is a ghost. But what about this Bracken Hollow?" "An old woman lives there. A witch, people say. She was Katherine Danger- field's nurse — old Hannah." "Then I shall pay old Hannah a visit aixd investigate." Aixd Lady Cecil walked away, 'leaving Sir Peter gloomily by the window alone. His thoughts were still with Kathe rine Dangerfield, as they nearly always were-. What a life, indeed, was his! for evening after evening-, rain or slxixxe, summer or winter, through sleet or storm. a "spii'it in his feet"' led him, whether or no to Katherine Danger- field's grave. He had no wish to go, but. he went — he could not stay away. It had grown suoh a habit that it seemed to him now if he did not pay that twi light visit she would assuredly visit him' before morning dawned. He xnade his daily pilgrimage to this Mecca, and the people of the town' had grown tired of talking and wondering over at. "He took everything from her when she was alive," they said, "and now that she's dead he plays the hypocrite, and visits her grave every evening. I won der he isn't afraid she'll rise up and confront him." Perhaps he was — it had been the mania of his life. Surely Katherine had kept her vow. He was, if there ever were in the world, a "haunted xxxaxx" — sane enough on all other things — on this; much thinking had made him mad. He retired early that night --- he was Jess alone shut up by himself than in the drawing-room with his wife and her relatives. All night long candles burixed in his bedroom, and one of the lxxeix ser vants slept in an open closet adjoining. Never without light, and never alone. He had grown sleepless too, and it tvas generally the small hours before slumber came to him. He ai-ose late next day, breakfasted by himself, and did not join the fanxily until luncheon time. Miss Herncastle was not at that meal, greatly to his relief. It seemed she was to take all hers with the chil dren iix the nursery. He had his wife's hauteur and 'intolerance to thank for soixaething at least. He returned to his study, spent three hours impaling his beetles .aixd cock chafers, then arose, put on his hat, and turned to leave tlxe house. He took the road to Castle-ford and walked' briskly onwards until he reached the church yard. The last light of the July sun came slanting over the downs, through the trees, and lay in ridges of glory upon the graves. It was all stx-angely hushed here; the town with its bustle, and life, and noise, lay behind. Death and si- j le.nce reigned. He rarely met anyone at this hour;- the townspeople . were taking their tea. Yonder was the house wherein she-had died— yonder her grave, with its grey cross, a granite one now, its brief, inscription — "Katherine, setat 17. Resurgam " He knew it so well — he had been here so often. Would he go on coming here, he wondered wearily, as long as he lived ? He paused. What was that ? He was near the grave, and, standing look ing down upon it, her back turned to him, he saw a woman. A woman! His heart gave one great bound, then seemed to turn cold and still. He went on — on — softly over the grass, impelled by the same irresistible fascination that drew him there. His feet struck a dry | twig ; it snapped; the woman turned and looked round. There, over Kathe rine Dan-gerfield's grave, looking at him with Katherine Dangerfield's eyes, stood Miss Herncastle, the governess! (To be Continued.) ' 