Ghosts in The Tower. Whero there have been so many deaths by violence (is nt the Tower, one is naturally led to be curious about hauntings and apparitions. - Gravely I put the question to General Milman, while tho Yeoman Porter at his right hand lis tened solemnly, and from them both I heard this story. It would seem that my curiosity is shared by very many visitors. Some time ago, when tho Governor was awny on his holiday, . and General Sir Georgo Higginson, K.0..B., uuu UHiU JJIUUbUUi(Ul UL JLUIVUr, X1UTT oUuULJuUuU by Gorferal J.H, Dunno, was in residence for ? him, a young lady applied for permission to sit up all through tho Hay night which is tho anniversary of Anno Boloyn's execution. She ? ?was convinced that tho lady who was the mother of Queen Blizaboth' walked' annually. Permission was accordod, and with her brother and sister tho young lady waitod and anxiously ? watched. Doubtless fchero woro some thrilling ' moments between midnight and cock-crowing. ' And did they see Anno BoleynP' 'No,'.' replied the yooman Porter ! ' but tho young lady attributed tho non- appearancb of Anno Boloyn to want of faith on the part of her brother and Bister.' However numerous and distinguished may be tho spectres of the Tower, . I feel convinced that thoy aro invisible for the Governor and his trusty bonohman, the chief warder and Yeoman Porter, 'But,' said I, ' tho late Lord do Bos relates of the Governor's Council Chamber in this house that the. servants of ono Major of the Towor woro extromoly reluctant to enter the apart ment after dark, and that moro than ono sentry has heard terrible groans proceeding from it, tho groans boing presumably tho work of Guy Fawkos, who. was tortured thero.' General Milman paused a moment as if I had put a poser, then ho said, — ' Many years ago— when I camo hero first, in fact — wo woro troubled by a fearful sraoll in tho neighbourhood of the Council Chamber.. Wo pullod up the. floor and found nothing. At last,' walled in; in a , space in tho chimney, we discovered a dead cat.' i 'And the poor thing probably ex pressed itself in tones of agony and' distress for some time boforo death overtook it?'.' ' Yes.' I am not suro that General Milman'B ?- suggested theory quite satisfied mo? but, at' any rate, I give this gonuiho ghost story and one explanation thereof. ' 