brevities. whiXw S.ed'i?"?,"8 > ,a whaler picked no and . -t-' lce have been 3 Had been 11 dlt on 1?t0Iia,' KC- 'M square. All were badfv r e c!c 20 fc'-t 1 sufferings had driven five and the'r I A Harassed railway serv. 1 rusane. i be presented by the lorin,? nS8 about tof joys with another plcdee to t1'11,1' f bis f friend ventured to remark on tb "Ue' and af event. "Family!" responded ti HnPe'«liiig I with a blood curdhng (fiaculatlnii a> way's what I call it!" 1)crma" 1 'Premiers stopped durmgthJid ''f c?'onial ties, the "business don" d m-iS e ,toslivi- months, which included th s ti nM IePresented an actus lb- lane? iriSh t trill be exactly 1000 veara K !,e„ iV ,'hc'! est the noblest of KiglHimon Th?Si is expressed that wlici, Jhc houi„ hi 10pe EdTt£ aqijAlf'Cd c-omes ro" nd the rov'il he .1,1? n ih t?,VereiSii since Alfred, mav he able and willing to give her personal sanction to a national festival. l nal LeoAJlI. has just sent his photograph to ivl, appropriate dedi- 8 Ghulalongkorn brought away „C1 ,a,r.1,ea;;f,nt depression from his reran, tion by the l ope that he expressed the de sire to have lus likeness. Leo XIII. heard of this wish, and the photograph was ivr 1 r. . KIng before Ins departure through the intermediary of the Paris Xr.u- tw Tr't !nt,rresf anthropologists to know Bishop Maples and his white followers when they visited a certain African tribe which no European had readied before were taken for ghosts. Histories of adveu- tures in tho Australian hush contain like in stances. Sir George Grey, long ago de scribed how a poor Australian black woman took him for the spirit of her dead son nnd how she clung to him. ' a During the past few months an extraor dinary change has taken place in the llenin country owing to the energy of Sir Ralph Moor and the .protectorate officials stationed there, notably the late Captain Turner, Can- tain Koupell and Captain Carter. The country is entirely pacified, and that place- known only a few months ago as the City of Blood — is so safe that any one can move about without escort. Some years ago a colonial parson who was desirous of occupying the pulpit of tlie famous Hooker applied to the Master of the Temple, Dr. Vang, ban. The request was immediately and graciously complied with, and on the Mas ter being asked whether he was not inun dated with applications of a like character, he replied, "Not at all; this is the first I have ever had." The critical character of the Temple audience acts rather as a deter rent than an inducement for clerical volun teers. An English traveller, Mr. H. S. II. Caven dish, who has been exploring in Somalil.uid, discovered about 100 miles to the east of Lake Stefanie a remarkable salt crater, and to the south of the lake a considerable bed of coal, which ho found to burn satisfac torily. From Lake Stefanie the expedition proceeded to the east Bhore of Lake Rudolf. Mr. Cavendish went on to the north of the lake, into which he found a large river flowing, as did Dr. Donaldson Sinith. He is convinced that this is the lower course of the mysterious River Omo. He ascended a mountain 5000 feet high at the north end of Lake Rudolf, from which, be had anjiyteii- sive view of the country fo tlle-wSt, which has not yet been traversed. It is a mass of mountains, entirely uninhabited and exceed ingly difficult to traverse. There has been a kind of coninotition among trading firms ins to which had drawn the largest cheque for revenue purposes. Going to the other extreme, it may be doubted if a smaller oue lias ever lieen drawn than that made payable to the order of Mr. Grover Cleveland as balance due to him for salary as President. On one ocea- | sion, when the books were overhauled, it I was found that the Fresideut had been de frauded of one cent, and ns no one dared to send him a copper coin or a stamp from the I Treasury, an order was issued for the j amount. After passing through tlie better j part of a score of officials, and ocing an- j proved, checked, indexed, examined, signed j and countersigned, a cheque was duly d'.a J for the amount and sent to the » I House by a special messenger. Oddly j enough, it lias remained uncasbed, for Mr. ! Cleveland lias lind it framed. , j The American Admiral, John norden, | who commanded the Monitor when she en- ! gaged the Confederate frigate Men-miae : m ! Hampton Roads during tho Civil av> died J a few weeks ago. On 8th March, lSb'-, the j ironclaci ram Merrimac had come from rior- J folk to the Hampton Roads, and had sunk s the Congress ana the Cumberland. Early | tiie next morning the ram prepared to at- | tack the Minnesota, hut when she was g within a mile of the ship the Monitor | steamed out. Tlie Merrininc bred broadsides 1 upon the Monitor, hut all the shots that | struck her turret glanced off; the Monitor | fired deliberately about every seien | minutes, every shot taking effect. Ineiniei | continued for more than two hours, warn tho Merrimac attempted to ram the Mont- j tor, hut Admiral Worden avoided the blow I by manoeuvring, so that the f off. A sheil exploded on the pilot '10lLJi 1 the Monitor while Admiral W orden was j looking through the slit, and tlie ponder nnd flame were driven into his eyes, renin. ing him blind and helpless, It was a dia ( battle, hut the Merrimac was | from accomplishing her purpose ot 1 ing the national fleet and ®veuiun'f'!1a?5tea fi ing the independence of the "l -. nl,,i I by capturing Washington, Few lore, a J other cities. I ,, , i i qj S 