CHAPTER XVII. R.ADV KAB.LOWE'S STRATEGY. Isabel site all alone in the great whitewxd gold bridal chamber. The very grandest chamber in Marlowe Hall; but a cold, cheerloss, dazzling place, all shining with mirrors, ana gloaming gliding, and ghost!t white. There is a fire burning in the grate, bul it seems to give forth little heat. Isabel crouches near it, seated on a white velvet cushion, decorated with golden stars, and watches the door with wistfal eyes. Will Arthur never come 1 Edith left her half an hour ago, so did the maid, and she sits there utterly alone. If thejr would fetch up her trunk, and allow her to put on the pretty dinner dress that Arthur selected for her, and her jewels, it would be some comfort; but the trunk is somewhere below, and poor Isabel has not courage to ring and aak for it. She did not venture to mention it when Edith was leaving the room. " Hadn't £ better dress before dinner?' nhe faltered, "Arthur said I must; and I have a lovely dress in my trunk, if you will please to have it sent up." Miss Mario returned in the door-way with an amused smile in her handsome blue- grajT. eyes. " The trunk will be sent up all in good time," she replied ; " but there's no need that you should dress. You are too tired, of course, to go down this evening. Your dinner shall be sent to you." Poor little Isabel could have sobbed like a child. No need to dress 1 And she had thought ao much of wearing her beautiful new clothes. She crushed back her teats, however, aud sat down in her dust-stained travelling dress, to wait until Arthur should coirie. The great glittering chambers grow as silent as «tomb as. the slow minutes 30; by. She can just bear the sound of voice* and steps far below. Bhe is cold, *nd tared, and hungry, and so miserable Will Arthur never tome f He it crnd to I t V t b V K t o f i l p n o ! She crouches to the marble hearth, and rests her head upon her folded arms. How bright and warm it was in the old Fellside farm-house, she thinks, and hot tea.ro begin to trickle down her cheeks. After nil, the old home, and papa, and Maudie, were better than all this dazzling, desolate grandeur. Half jan hour! the tiny clock above her head rings with musical chime, and presently she hears a bell sounding in some remote part of the house. It must be the dinner-bell. Will Arthur dine, and leave her there alone ? Her cheeks flush, and her eyes begin to flash. She springs np, and lifting the heavy curtain, looks put of the window. The winter stars are out in glittering thousends, and away in the distance the HILLB are white with snow. She beats her small foot impatiently xtpon the velvet carpet. If she could only get out, she would run away, and return to the Felltide farm, if she is to be treated in this cruel manner. But she cannot get out; she can only wait. Another half-hour—half a life-time it seems to the lonely little bride—then the door opens. She springs up with a ory of relief. "Oh, Arthur, Arthur!" She stands silent and aghast. It Is not Arthur, but Lady Marlowe herself. She has had her dinner, and leisurely enjoyed it, and now, her appetite appeased, she sweeps into the chamber where her son's wife waits, her haughty, handsome face cruelly resolute and icily indifferent. " Well, are you tired waiting, child T ahe questions, calmly seating herself in an •asy-chair. Isabel's heart flutters so ahe can acaicley find voice to answer. "Yes, my lady, I am very tired." she falters. " Why does not Arthur come V The lovely, wistful eyes, the piteous ohQd's face would melt a heart of adamant, one would think ; but Lady Marlowe looks at her son's bride without a thrill of human pity. She is in her way—stands between her only son and his future honor and prosperity—and the sooner she is disposed of the better. These are my lady's reflections, as she aits and folds her white hands and looks down at the lovely, sorrowful young face. Yet my lady is a professing Christian; a woman far famed for her good deeds and lavish charities. " Where is Arthur?' she repeats, after a minute's delay. " Well, my foolish little girl, Arthur has gone away; you will not see him to-night" Isabel brings her two hands together with a plaintive, childish ciy. "Gone away! Oh, how could he?" she sobs. " How could he go away and leave me ? My lady, I am so miserable, o lonely! Surely he will come back to night ?" The cold, cruel eyes seem to harden as hey rest on Isabel's face. " You are miserable, no doubt," ahe replies; "but the fault is your own—all our own, and you deserve to suffer. Why id youmarrymyson—you, a mere beggar and force yourself into my house ? Are ou fitted to live here and associate with e and my daughter ? Are you qualified o step into my place, and be Lady Mar- lowe, of Marlowe Hall ?" The cruel words pierced the poor girl like stabs from a poisoned blade. Her little face loses all its flesh color, and she shivers like a reed. " No. I'm not fit; I am well aware of that," she sobs ; " but, my lady, I love him—oh. I love him better than my own life!" J The cold eyes show no sign of relenting. " And what if you do ? Was that an excuse for beguiling him into making vou his wife?" " 3 At this Isabel springs to her feet, and berdove-«yes blaze. " I did not beguile him," she retorts, angrily. " He would make me love him; and on my wedding-night he came and earned me-off from a good man who loved me.* Lady Marlowe replies with a mockins laugh. 6 44 Ah, likely enough," she says. " Pray do not excite yourself ; he was to blame no doubt. Between you both you've done an unwise thing, and the sooner it is uudone the better for alL" My lady, what do you mean?" Isabel falters, her sudden anger subdued by a vague terror. " Sit down and you shall hear," said hei ladyship, calmly. " I mean this—you ire not my son's wife !" Not Arthur's wife ?" " Hush ! do not interrupt me. No, you are not his wife. The marriage is invalid because his father expressly forbade it! If he acknowledges you as his wife he is s beggar—ruined, disgraced, driven from his lather B door ; hence, he is gone, and you will never see him again !" Isabel stands quite still, her eyes JiUted. her bosom heaving. her face at wmte as the silken hangings on tfce walL " Never 6ee him agaiu ?" she repeats, in a husky whisper. "Never see him again!" There is a disagreeable smile on my lady's lips—a smile of triumph, but not a spark of pity in her eyes, as she an swered. "Yoawill never see him again ; you have parted from him forever, TO BE COSTIKDED. 