11[M. LsTf. J. Lyne continues to 'lead the Now South Wales Assembly, the , to be safe. i raised by the Melbourne Advo JfetoiRoman Catholicism in Victoria, for |» legality of public prooflsaions, in which [ingparfc wear the Orange Kegalift; Nearly , subscribed.. : ' . assTis on foot in France to cease' making in obligatory language .of atudy in the 18, and to replace it by English, ie;e of business,; and spoken by ;\o*Snxon race. ; ... ? '. lhavp ona of the two seats- for East Mel Tila time," gaya the irrepressible 'Willie Itodho dona not care whether he ousts Mr. pwron. Like Banquo's ' ghost; Mr. W. "mil not down,".and is determined to "1 against all comers. P llclnfcyro will have all his work to do eotion for Mnldon. Although the lins been instrumental in getting a ;o ctvpifcnl put into mining ventures in . |llJll.n6ra Mo strongly opposed to him, and ? I'lllalso have the xeligious and Heohabite TOisfchim. I«. °f federation are promoting a re I 'Hho Hon. 1). Melville's opinion. When L.Tor triod to induce Mr, Melville to TOfoobtiial frQe trade did not imperil il, in Viotoria, the member for >(8U,fuVfaith.»C1UOtGd S°riptur0J "°h' ?dm \ Bnme flsoal creed lhtliAi»«»J ^ 6 80Bthat able #entle ?4'tanl u. there is a fear that he will ITw -n0 bttcolio vote of Mandurang. Berry once lose portion of that inK. ""What does the man follow 'about finance P" %il ovl'V^30* 'n Victorian Lepisla P"tkoo Minos Bill muddle whether i,' gjr it!.1*0 8^]bjoct oonld be placed before ?<i3iontw « ^"^bort quoted Lord Lynd Sk(iint,i",10,r0 wis nothing to prevent ""Urahiiiii i 11C6C^ on tlio same aubjoot, 11 bad not boon completely dis rMy ^iM°tt, it is now reported, is l^yothL i'° 00n^°3t the Hast Mel to 'fiu P^'Wnontary election. Ho is K5''°f tltah ' an<^ would doubtless have Kj'ftat) ft !.lTid yet ho is more oP a ?'toifc till i .e'1:,l»»i8t. Mr. GiUotts will . q w offered a chance of a seat .as, Com.ma.NDATOB'E Corte, the Italian Consul-General visited Bundaberg, Queensland, recently to in quire into the condition of Italian restaurants there. He saw in addition to the Kanaka labourers num bers of Chinamen and other kindred races. Having witnessed in Brazil and m .Louisiana the serious racial and political consequences arising1 from the rapid increase of black and yellow raoes, it has impressed him that in Queensland the founda tion of great future difficulties are being laid. # ?* # ... IN regard to the Federation Convention almost ^very delegate acknowledges that thev cannot pos sibly debate the financial clauses with proper con sideration in the time proposed, but only a few are inclined to act upon their conviction and adjourn to a future date. Some are afraid that, unless the matter is "rushed," it never will be passed s others fear a solution they do not like-that of giving more control to the Federal Parliament over the States revenues-and still others secretly want the present convention to end in a fiasco, !?' * # ? Tutors is no foundation for the industriously cir culated rumour that Sir George Turner wishes to re tire from the Premiership. He is certainly resolved to throw over the Labour partly if they will not accept him as their leader, but he has a very faith ful colleague in Mr. Isaacs, who is popular with :bofh the: Tvftbour representatives and the members of the Public Service. With his aid a compromise . will probably be effected, and in the next Parlia ment the Government corner seats may be ocoupied ,by such representatives as Mr. Irvine and Captain Chirnside. while the Labour party sits straight be hind the Treasury benoh. Sir George Turner's ill health is, up to the present, as convenient aa an i ambassador's gout. ! ? . # * # ! The Premier of "Victoria had a narrow shave of! , having ifco continue the sitting of Parliament, instead of attending the Federal Convention at Sydney. 'The Legislative Council was very reluctant to give ? way on the Mines Aot Amendment Bill, The in formal oonferenoe which took place between mem-:, hers of the two oh am liers in the refreshment1 inter val on Wednesday led to the Counoil giving way, , The measure is of very little advantageto the mining industry, but the working miners tlilnlc it ' will benefit them. Haviner conoeded them what .they desire, the Council will be in a position next year to insist on amendments which will really bo of service in induoing 13nglish investors to put o&pital; into Victorian mines. ' , I * * * MOST of the candidates for Parliament ooming forward for "fiho first ttruo tnndco tho inistftlfo of ox- , pressing their opinions on details instead of con fining- themselves wherraver popsible to generalities. Mr. H. W. Bryant, who is a candidate for Toorak, the other evening, blandly informed ,l\is audienoe that ho "yielded to no man in his desire to improvo the condition and ameliorate the lofi of the working man"-a very proper sentiment, Bun he, spoilt its offoot by saying* ho oppoaocl tho ralniinvun wage Aot, because it became in most caaea the maximum wage. This may .be true, but it pleases neither employer nor employed to have it 'proclaimed from the plat form. # * # I THE Indian Frontier troubles are far more serious than the newspapers which discuss so light-heartedly the " punishment of the tribesmen." Disaffection has been growing in India for years. Lord Roberts, in his book, writes regretfully of the inclination of the English to carry out their , own ideas, regardless of their suitability to- the people, and deplores the increasing strength of the " depart mental spirit." . Taxation has . become a terrible burden on the poorer agriculturists, in consequenoe of its being increased to meet the depreciation in the exchange. Two years ago in Assam there was started a secret organisation to prevent thapeasanta from paying the inoreased tax, and. the' terrorism was as perfectly organised as any " plan of campaign" devised by the Parnellites. ' .1 .'.- .'i * * * ' v.... A matter of considerable " importable'to 'Victoria' is the proposed unification of rail-waygauges through-"* out. the colonies. The present 5ft. 3in. gauge will eventually have to be abandoned in favour of the 4ft. 8in. standard adopted in England, and most other countries, as well as in New South Wales., Now is the most favourable time for "Victoria. No new lines are in progress, and the rolling stool!- has been reduced to below the requirements of traffic in a good season. The estimates obtained for the reoent intercolonial conference of railway' Commissioners give the ooat of altering the permanent way at .£860,000, and of the rolling stoolc at ?£1,257,000. The interest on the capital thus expended would be saved by the reduced cost of maintaining the lines ;and constructing new rolling stock as required. The Government must initiate publio works next year, and this undertaking would please more people than a couple of new railway lines, besides employing a small army of artisans as well as navvies. i * * * THE Turner Government will shortly have to con sider the claim of Superintendent Deasy to remain in his present position for twelve months in order to entitle that excellent officer to an adequate pension. Mr. Deasy was called upon* to take charge of the Metropolitan distriot on the resignation of Superintendent Thomas, but, being a sexagenarian, he retires without reaping the reward of having filled the second highest and most responsible position in the police service. It would only be an act of justice to leave Mr. Deasy in his present position for 12 months, especially as it cannot cause any wrong to hia successor-Superintendent O'Cal laghan-who is a much younefer man, and in the natural oourse of events, will have eight years of service as Superintendent of the Metropolitan Distriot. Mr. Deasy is in the pink of health, every inch a gentlemon, an officer of the highest integrity, nnd eminently fitted for the very responsible position he now occupies. These are facts which the Govern ment cannot afford to overlook, in the interest of the public, and as an incentive to otherIjofficers of the Yiofcorian Police Force, BoSWJWI), 