Dupefl by a Duck. A strange efory is told by a well-knowH oy- oling tourist, whose personal character is suffi cient guarantee, for its veracity. It appears that whilst he was riding one day through a small hamlet, a duek fluttered up from beneath bis wheel, to fall apparently dead by the road side. Its indignant owner, rushing ont from a wayside cottage, stopped the cyclist, and gave him no peace until he had paid the estimated value of the duck's life. The cyclist, having settled the affair to the satisfaction of the be reaved duck fancier, rode on bis way, giving no further thought to the matter, till, some time after, again having occasion to pass the same spot, lie was surprised when the accident again occurred in precisely the same manner, the second victim of his carelessness bearing a strange family likeness to the duck that be had previously killed. Agaiu the owner rushed forth and mulcted bim in damages. His sus picions being arouBed by this coincidence— al most as strange as that experienced by the elder Mr Weller ou the occasion of his conveying voters to the poll and upsetting them into the river— he stealthily concealed himself behind an adjacent hedge, which commanded a view of I the scene of slaughter. Presently be saw what might have been the ghost of his viotim stroll casually across the road. At the same time he heard the warning twinkle of a cyclist's bell sounded in the distance. This was shortly afterwards followed by the appearance of an unsuspecting rider. Beneath his wheel the duck fluttered for a moment, and then lay stiff and stark by the side of the road. As the irate owner again rushed forth to olaim damages, hiB intention was at. ouce baulked by the lurking tourist, who, stepping . forth from bis hiding place aud picking op the yet warm body of the duck, puffed a volume of tobacco smoke into its noBtrils, a restorative treatment that was immediately followed by an indignant and very lively struggle on the part of the Ingenious bird. Inquiries subsequently made in the neighborhood revealed tho fact that the duck iteelf.had been the originator of the trick, which the owner observing, and enhancing the effect by a little training, had been made the means of aii extensive system of roadside piracy and blackmailing. In fact, as far as the raconteur of this interesting anecdote is aware, the duek is still pursuing its nefarious avocation to this day;— -'The Complete Cyclist.' awHatfCTMM-Trriir-TriKiiTr ' Glen Innes. — Printed and published by Henry Cleave St, Vincent, for Vincent -Brothers, at-; < his Office, Grey-street, GJen rones. 