CHIPS. Ed. Woukeh,-— In this city of sweat end sorrow (Eockhampton), unless the workers here do not watch themselves, I believe we shall have a good sweeping reduction in our railway department. ? -. - ? I may mention that the chairman of our Harbour Board has decided that workmen shall have no overtime allowed for watching from Saturday until Monday morning. The Amalgamated Engineers should make inquiries as to rates of wages paid in this district. The other day we had in the reliable Bword an acc3u»t of she alleged collapse of Line's settlement. When Jack Willis wrote to the editor to contradict) the repot t the editor twisted Willis's letter to read to his own liking. So much for the Record -Just the old ghost of the Argus. Something like a great boast was made in the Argus last October of a clever opera tion performed by our M. I). 's here. It was said the weman was able to resume her domestic duties in fourteen days. The fact is, tbe woman never left the hospital until iwwas carried out dead the^ther-day? ? We have bad Another meeting of the Separation Lobster and Salad Club. The club is trying to send its president to represent tbe district as delegate to England, This is carrying the game a little too far. Mr. Curtis seemi_afraid to call a public meeting. George's sun has set forever. It is about time our wharf men and dredge men were on the move to organise, ior wages are going down very rapidly. Our sweating Municipal Council are doing a lot of subcontract work, at which men can only earn about 24s. per week. It is about time also we made a ipove foe another new alderman in the council. Our Democrats who helped P. Fitzenmaier to get in expect him to do something to deserve that help. It is rumoured that Lake's Creek works will soon be on the po again. We have more unemployed here now than we have had for tbe past twenty-five years— a bad show for any immigrants coining here.— Yours, &c;, Lynx Eye, Rockhampton, March 15th, 1897. Mn. T. Glassey, M.L.A., says the Bun daberg Guardian, intends to address his constituents about the 5th of April. Labour Members Kerr, Turley, and Frank M'Donnell addressed a large and enthusiastic meeting on political matters at B'.iv.'kp-ll !ft«-J week. 