ranei [?] [?] PAETXIL £ On this the eays of the morning m wen streaming in golden splendour, and were reflected back from the glistening granite in prtstuatla hues. Every nook and cranny on ?that side were lighted up 'by tho penetrating iunV»roV»Bd.»taiiding some distance bask the mongers of the party were enabled to Me far into deep crevasses. . {, In tome instance* these were of peculiar shasejand eontour.but they all appeared on v approachable exoeptby meats ef ladders and ?/ropes. For several hour* the quest «a* main ? tained, the party following theeoane of the .sun. At noon they had approached the north ?western angle, and at that piaoe the waits . Vote up sheer .in » lace of solid granite. _. irVwton was particularly curious about thU 'point, M it wu near where he had seen the -two aboriginals disappear. As on the pre roojisoocaaion, therejdid not seem to be the 'slightest break in the faoe, and gradually Hue Beekers passed on. The -captain woe walking close to the face of the rock in a sort of disappointed mood, when suddenly his eye eangbt something on the faoe wbton arrested him at ones. It appeared as if there was a ibjock of stone fitted in to the huge cliff, \- .-Calling to his companions wbo were a short 'distance ahead, he stooped and picked op a :pieceofstonewhichlayathand. Striking tho ?suspicions plane, -he was sensible that it 'gave back a hollow sound, and just as his .wondering comrades returned he repeated the stroke. This time there was no mis. taking the fact that an aperture existed. Giving two more vigorous blows, a piece of granite about lift. Bin. Bquare fell back, re vealing tk dark passage. Jumping to one eide.Preston lifted his rifle as if in fear that ? an 'attack would be made from within, but it niigbt have been the entrance to a vault so far as such a result followed. All was silent as the grave, but the air which came out was not so fetid as one would expect from such a place. After a few moments, Rennie leaned into the aper ture, and when his eyes became accustomed to the gloom, he said : ''Tea, we have got totches, and most explore this place. It is somewhat risky, as we may get a spear thrust or two, but I am determined to explore the place,' said \- Preston.. . Some rough torches had been improvised the previous night in anticipation of a cavern search, and one of these being lighted ? it was beld into the opening. A couple of feet below was a solid floor of rock, and without hesitation Preston got through the . opening and stood on the floor. The piece of granite which concealed the entrance had ? fallen down on a bed of dried grass and leaves, evidently pnt there to prevent it . being broken. This was ample confirmation that the place was used by the blacks as a shelter or retreat. One after the other all . five men got into the passage, and %he blaze of the united torches gave abrilliaut.thongh somewhat flickering light, some distance ?.head. i The passage-was fully SO feet -high, by s- 'dozen in breadth, and for more than 100 feet it ran in a due easterly direction into . the hill. . At the end it branched into several ?mailer avenues, and seeing a glimmer of tight at the end of one of these, it was ?followed. Each man kept a rifle ready for ?instant action, and as they also canied two jHBtoU and a short sword, they were afraid of nothing save a surprise. Preston, who iras leading, was 10 or 12 feet from the .'doctor, and as the captain of the Lucinda reached the end of the branching passage he ?topped as quickly as if he saw a ghost, and 'then retreated two -or three paces. Instantly every man had his rifle to his shoulder, ex ipecling an attack, but it came not. , ' What is the matter ? ' Rennie asked P- * itoarse whisper, as Preston turned to him with a face on 'which fear, was clearly written. * ' ' . ? 'Go and. look,' was the only answer , vouchsafed. ? -?? : ' Blacks t' queried the doctor. . ' 'Devils, X' think,' came the not ce , assuring response. ! For a few moments 'Bennie thought his \- - friend's mind most be unhinged, but as 'Barrows earoe to his side he took his arm, and thVtwo men went/orwardj closely f ol- -. lowed by Prciton and the others. In .such \' -A&hn; mysterious pUee.it wa« not to be \- irpnderfd that something akin to awe, if not .&\- fear, should eatffy seize upon men, and '-', ? j assuredly it h»d on the exploring party, As ihe doctor and Banxiws reached the end of ?- thfc rocky ledge which shut out their vision . from the spot where the gleam .9% light 1 shone, tliey beheld one -of the most extra :T. ?ordinary sighU'that bad ever crossed their p!:^Won.- ' ???. . ? ;? /'?;?-??; ;iA lipge amphitheatre extended round, \-- -Vgii'lpg 8 Boot space of about -an acre. The .:;:}drtyw#lls*hotnp«heer for fully 100 feet, ' /-.ih3 the .concave roof wjifoh vaulted over ' .''_', teemed to be hung with silvery lights. In ; four places * fetreani of bright light shot .'? ' .through lhe---of iuid^hre'w quite a radiance arouod. From different parts of the circular '; 0gfM 'partl-coJoredVeflectioin *»me, showing ^-'; that the «ubBtance of which it was composed ?-:lnuet be of- various .colors and strata. It ' '.''* mid apt this, however, wnich caused the -'; Valient spectators to gaze a»i( spell-bound at ;ihe#pectac'eTjelore them. H was magni ??^p£bin^:iint the. eight which .ri vetted 'tfcjetr. r^^(arwa»j|orrible. ?',.':'', y- ..,,.;??.? '-'.i' ?-p^y&m;^txety. part of'iihe vM1 which .i; j/tronted them uncouth find '/rightful visages, ^S^jAf ;*uman; . Jialf. devll'un, glared down .- ^gfetji'* ;,tbem,,-and in the queer light, and ?msmtnite gliEtetung stone, it almost seemed ^K#iKJe£^rf imbued with life. In some ^^*f .the 6gvmi of gigantic animals, / mf&jmntoat.; : In their :«spe«t ana shape,.. ^^^fnipf therock, andjthe whole place Wj&BiBMwi;&ifc-h;»i&*he. Sij? pearanoejot evsaper ^Kl^-'Horror. ? . 'Ay. the graven images stood out in balder relief, and the awe-struck beholders marvelIed,anJ asked each other who could have done the work. Bennie broke the silence : ' I have read that traces of rook carving have boon found in Northern Australia, and perhaps we have discovered one of the most perfect monuments of* dead race which exist* on the continent.' 'Yes,' answered Preston, re-assured by the remarks of his friend. ' These horrible drawings must be relics of work done by the aboriginals in long ages past, I never saw such a eight in my life. It quite terri'jod me at first, as it was so unexpected. We must make a thorough examination of the place, and be careful, for this place may be saored to the blacks, and, if so, they will fight to prevent it boing desecrated.' 'I don't think so,' Wills answered ' They have few sacred places, and I feel Sure this is not one of them. It may be used for some purpose of their own, though I doobt even that, for, as a rale, they arc' far too superstitious and. cowardly to cuter such a spot.' 'And yet we saw two come into thte hill,' retorted Preston. ' Vos, that is true, but there is a master, mind not far away who has probably made this his stronghold ? ' The further remarks of the sergeant were Interrupted by a cry from Savage. ' Look ! Look there !' a AH eyes were turned in the direction indicated, and as they peered down the long ?outbern corridor of rook, a strange figure night be seen at the end. It could not readily be distinguished whether the object was * man or % fur-olad animal like a bear. It was something clad with, or wearing, a natural cover of fur ; that was plain. 'Man, beast, or devil, I will have a shot it it, anyhow,' Preston said, raising the rifle to his shoulder. As he did so the object disappeared behind a ledge of rock. ' I suppose it is a black, clad in skins,' Rennie said. ' . ' By Heavens, it may be the manVe're in search of, 'exclaimed the captain, picking up his torch, and running quickly in the direction of the place where the figure had stood. He was followed by his comrades, and when the spot was reached a number of passages were seen branching off in various directions. Most of these were examined fora considerable distance, bnt the result was fruitless. ' We would never find anyone in such a place as this,' Barrows exclaimed. ' I think we had better get back to the Chamber of Horrors, captain,' Rennie said. Seeing it was useless to waste further lime in such a quest, the whole party went back - to the amphitheatre and began a minute examination. ' Why, these are bones,' Wills cried, as he approached the first pile of what looked like jagged rocks or pieces of wood. ' Bones, sure enough, and gigantic ones, too,' the doctor added. A* the exploration continued, it was found that the whole floor of the vast vault was strewn with bones of animals which must have lived thousands of years previously. Bennie, who was well versed in paleontology, declared that the huge re mains belonged to the mighty diptrodon or gigantic sloth, which was extinct beyond the memory of the white man. There were also the remains of thehuge kangaroo, which proceeded the present degenerate species, and also bones which tbe doctor thought be longed to the extinct Australian hyena. None of the party were Owens, or Jf they had the great naturalist's love for his profession they would have been loth to tear themselves away from such an interesting graveyard of the mighty dead. The most extraordinary feature oi the examination was, however, revealed by a study of tbe walls on which the rude sculptures of a dead race were bewn. Interspersed with the horrible representa tatioas of half -human faces, hideous as the features of Medusa, were rude drawings of enormous animals. ' Those who drew these things must have lived co-eval with the now long-extinct animals,' Dr. Rennie remarked, as he stood opposite to what purported to db a dip trodon. 'Yes, I suppose so, or how else could they draw them? But what about these faces?'. Barrows asked, looking np half in disgust, and half in awe at the hideous drawings. 'Ob, they are probably mere fanciful pic tures. Allegories mayhap, or perhaps that is how the sculptors of those times hud re venge on their enemies in caricaturing them,' Rennie jooularly returned. ' 'The queerest thing that strikes me is what tools they used to out this rook. It is as hard as steel,' Preston added. - 'See, but not as .hard as flint, whioh most likely was the material used in the work. I notice, too, that the rook iu this chamber, varies from almost a -dark red to pure white. , That gives a my striking effect! and the place shows the wisdom of the »n;ien't sculptors in selecting it,' the doctor answered. . ? Conversing in this manner, the party gradually made'* tour of the great chamber, and'its interesting relic*. . It was 4 o'clock when Preston looked at his watoh, end the explorers'; decided to leave... They did . this with regret, for they felt there, was yet a great deal to see in the strange' place. They noticed. that'. the light which came through the roof was brought down by the queer circnter openings which' they fad ob served od the summit the previous day. . It . was indeed quite probuble that thete had in ancient times been .artificially formed, for. It was hard to ' bellevt they were simply nature's handiwork. On the eastern side of the great cavern a number of passages radiated, but the explorers had not time to search them. -^ 'On onr return we may bo able to devote another -Wy to this place, It it well worth it,' Barrows slid with fervor. Preston, who had been .unusually silent, now spoke. ' I have an Idea that Lelchhardt is hiding in this retreat. We mutt make a further search at the Grit opportunity; He ma;1 be . gbnctiltttte here,' the captain concluded, tignifioantly tapping his forehead 'That' might be so,' antwercfl the doctor. ' What with the sufferings he must have endured, and the awful solitude, they would be quite enough to unhinge a ninn'e mind. Besides, he may have beeo injured on the head, erther by a {all or in an encounter with 'blacks, Poor fellow, 1 would like to find him.' ' What a fool I was not to leave some one here,' Preston muttered. '? One of the torches was now lighted, and an attempt made to find tbe aperture by which they had entered, bat in vain. 'Do you think we have come the right way?' Savage asked anxiously. ' Yes. I took careful note of the passage as we entered, and I am sure this is it,'* Mills answered, 'but [it seems to me we are caught like that fellow in the Arabian Nights, who got into 'the cave and forgot the magio password when lie wanted to get out.' It was certainly no time for jesting, and the whole party lighted their torches and jet about finding the square stone which closed the entrance. The grass and leaves whioh were placed to break ita fall had been removed, and they could get no clue from them. The fitting of the stone was a marvel of ingenuity, for it took nearly half-an- hour to find it. Barrows at last hit upon the spot, and with the aid of their swords the stone was at last prized back. Each man drew a deep breath of re lief as the welcome daylight poured in, and they hastily clambered out. The last to leave was Bennie, and as he stepped out a loud shout o! hoarse laughter sounded from within. ' That's the most uncanny, place I have ever been in,' Barrows said, with a slight shudder as they listened. No one replied, but after waiting for a few minutes, and the invisible laughers not repeating their merry performance, Preston said : ' Let us try and put op this clone, though I suppose if we do not others will.' For five minutes the party tried to do as requested, but the attempt was an otter fp.ilure. . It was quite impossible to fix it ia position. When raised there was no means of getting it into a perpendicular position. Unlike all the stones covering secret en trances whioh are mentioned in legends this slab had no ring to hold on by. ' There is one lesson to btf learned from this,' Rennie remarked, as the party turned away towards the Lucinda, 'Whenever anyone leaves that extraordinary cavern there must always he one or more left be hind to close the entrance.' Se was right in his surmise, as will be seen later on. When the Lucinda was again reached it was near sunset, and each member of the party were quite satisfied with the result of the investigations made at 'Haunted Peak,' as the place was now named. In deed, when they looked back at what they bad gone through, a stray thought would steal into their minds that they had acted in a rather foolhardy manner Going into such places in the way they did was liks courting death, and it struck them all a strange that the Unknown who snatched WilU's pistols atray had not attempted to use them This question formed thesubject of nearly an hour's argument that evening over the excellent meal which their comrades who were left en board bad prepared ior them. ' it must have been no other than Leich hardt himself who did It,' Preston stoutly maintained. 'If there were monkeys in this region I would be more inclined to say it was one of that species which did it,' Rennie answered ' It could not have been ao enemy who took them. In tucn a place he could earily have ehct two of as down as we passed him,' wae the argument tVilli uted. 'Are you sure It was a man. It might have beec the ghost of one of those monster figures «t saw sculptured on tbe walls.'1 Bariows interjected. 11 It vrai a. very tangible ghost at any. rate,' the ex-sergeant retorted. ' Perhaps it was a ' darkie,' and he did not know bow to me the weapons.' Savage suggested. Though a general laugh went round the table at this, thera «u a good deal iu it, bat again Preston returned to his favorite theme, ' Von know I am the only one alive, I am sorry to say' (with a glance at Bar rows) ' who saw that white man. It was not .more than twenty miles from here where he was camped, and something in the appearanoe of tha$ object we saw to-day put me in mind of him. As yon know, Leiohhardt was slothed in«kins andjeovered by the large rag which be left in my hands. The blacks in this region do not wear any . sort of covering, and if what we saw in the cavern to-day was a man, it is almost cer tain it was the person we are in search of. Everything favors tbe notion, as Wills says the blacke.unlees controlled by a stronger oi less superstitious mind, would not dare to enter a place like we explored to-day. Such a mail as Xeichhardt would be just the person to discover and revel in the relic* which' abound in the Peak;- He is a — *-? tilt, you know, and even if he were a little gone in the head be would probably have lecid moments.' - - . 1hU argument was somewhat convincing, for Bennie, who was soeptical hitherto on the point, said. ' ' ?' ::^- ' 'There Ji. something in wi'at you say,' ' Cap.' The man or demon who has control of that place is no fool. Look at 'the way that entrance stone is fitted. It Is a real triumph of skill, especially when you reoolleot it must have been— or rather, probably was— formed ? with ride imple ments, I hope when we return from Mount Cheerless we will solve the mystery.' 'Ah, now you are coming to business, Oixon interrupted, ' He had not explored the reoessei o!. Haunted Peak, and consequently wai ;notj so impressed with Iti marvels as the -others. His -companion' daring., the' day, .Field, backed him up by. saying, '? .?? . 'Yes^Jiat about tho expedition. Iluve been cooking all torts of dainties for you this last wt&i; 'iuid Ifcbpe. they wDl riot be wasted.' ' ? . '..-?'? f No-few of that, Field. If *11 goes well we will make a, start tomorrow, . What wy ? jou, comrades?' the captain cried, ? 'Yes, It is no uae- to waste time here,' came the unanimous response. 