THE SUPERNATURAL. We wish the Psychical Society would one day attempt an analysis of what, for want of a bet ter word we must call the dread of the super natural. Both those who. believe and those who disbelieve in the notion that the veil be tween this world and the other is capable of being lifted agree in one thing. They all recognise the fact that most people feel fear, or something akin to fear, at what they be lieve to be the occur rence of supernatural phenomena. . There is here, therefore, a piece of ground which may be explored without any beg ging of the question as to whether the fear is caused by real ghosts or by trickery, by rats and water-pipes, or by genuine glimpses of the people of another world. One would like to know whe ther the fear felt is akin to that experienced when a man' is frightened by a runaway horse or a fire or any other imminent risk of life, or whether it is something different in kind. Speaking broadly and without any minute consideration of the facts, one would say that ghost-fright did differ in kind from the fright that comes from active danger Most people have, we imagine, at some time or other in their lives' experienced that eerie, uncanny, creepy feeling which is associated with the possi bility of contact with the supernatural. Yet few would declare that it was' in any sense connected with the dread of loss of life or limb. The man or woman who wakes up in the middle of the night and . hears strange noises — thumps, raps, clangs, and creakings — or sees lights or feels the touch of unseen hands, is probably very frightened, but the sense of bodily fear is not present. There is no dread of being killed. People in the agony of terror caused by dangerous accidents constantly call out that they are going to be killed, but we doubt if that is ever the case in the fright caused by haunted houses. Possibly this difference may be said to be due to the fact that the dread of the supernatural is not nearly so acute as that caused by the imminent risk of death. People, it may fee argued, only imagine themselves to be frighten ed of ghosts as women pretend to be frightened of mice. In neither case is the fright quite genuine. It is only want of self-control, and could be mas tered in an instant if the will-power were in proper order. Unfortunately for those who argue thus there is plenty of evidence to show that occasion ally the dread of the supernatural produces very serious results. On the whole, we should say that more people had been frightened out of their wits by what they believed to he supernatural phe nomena than by accidents involving great risk of life. It is. not often that one hears of insanity caused even by the prolonged agony of shipwreck. The fear caused by what is supposed to be a super matural agency seems, then, to have in it some ele ment not found in ordinary fear. If and when the haunting phenomena cause fear they seem to give a shock of quite special keenness. Another strange thing about the dread of the supernatural is its greater power of transmission. One may, no doubt, read about hairbreadth escapes with a pleasing thrill of danger, and very sensitive people may even find it 'trying' to hear how the hero of a mountain climb crawled along a ledge of rotten rock with a two thousand feet drop below and a sheer wall of cliff above, but no one is really terrified by this in the way that sensitive people are terrified by, reading or hearing ghost-stories. People susceptible to such impressions not unfre quently find themselves in the position of Sir Wal ter Scott and Hannah More, who sat up telling ghost-stories till they were both afraid to go to bed. Unquestionably the fear which we call 'creepiness' is much more easily kindled at second hand than the good honest dread of having one's skull split.- Yet another curious fact about the form of fear we are discussing is its admitted un reasonableness and want of sufficient cause appa rent to account for it. If a man is asked why he is afraid of standing in the line of fire when sol diers are shooting, or of doing any other dangerous thing, there is no sort of mystery about his an swer. He tells you at once, 'I am afraid of doing' this or that because I don't want to be killed.' If you ask him why he is afraid of sleeping in a haunted room, as in many cases he undoubtedly will be, even though perfectly sane and sufficiently brave, he will be unable to tell you. He will pro bably declare that he does not believe in ghosts, and does not believe, indeed, in any supernatural phenomena being permitted. Yet he will, if he as honest, add that there is no sort of uncertainty about his objection to sleeping in a room believed to be haunted. He may say, of course, that he could force himself on good grounds to submit to being frightened, but he will not deny the fright. If you ask him, further, what are the consequences of which he is afraid, he will, as we have said, be unable to tell you. He will admit that there is no fear of the figure said to haunt the room in juring him in any possible way, and he will laugh at the notion of low voices, or loud explosive raps, or touches from cold fingers doing him bodily damage. In the end, indeed, he will be forced to admit that what he is really afraid of is being frightened. 'Experience tells us that these things, whatever they are, cause a very unpleasant form of terror in the human mind, and experience is backed up by a strong instinctive feeling in most men's minds. I don't know in the least why these things should cause alarm, but as they do I intend to avoid them.' An adequate explana tion, if you will, for avoiding haunted rooms, but dearly a very different reason from that which makes a bad rider avoid getting on the back of a buck-jumper. His dread is fundamentally the dread of physical injury. There is yet another very curious fact connected with the dread of the supernatural. It often seems as if people were afraid of ghosts in an in Terse ratio to their belief in their existence. The convinced spiritualist sees no difficulty in believ ing that ghosts and haunted houses are true, and feels little fear at the thought of encountering them. The man who disbelieves wholly in ghosts, and sincerely thinks that everything can be ex plained by the operation of natural laws, will, on the other hand, frankly admit that he is so foolish as not to care about sitting alone at night in a haunted room about which he has heard 'some very curious things indeed.' Though they are no doubt things which he believes can be explained, he con fesses to be unwilling to try his nerves gratuit ously. On the other hand, it not unfrequently happens that people who are not disposed to be satisfied with the materialistic -explanation of what are called psychical phenomena, and who even lean to a supernatural solution, are by no means easily frightened by hauntings, either visual or audible. — 'Spectator.' The engagement of Princess Mary Beatrice, third daughter of Don Carlos, the Spanish Pre tender, with Don Fabrizio Massimo, Prince of Roviano, second son of Prince Massim, is the great event in the Roman social world* the family of the former having been brought unpleasantly before the public by the elopement, not long ago, of Princess Elvira, another, daughter of Don Car los, with a so-called Count' Folchi, an artist an^ married man, already notorious for such kind of adventures. He once tried to shoot himself in his studio at the feet of the wife of a Sicilian baron.. In aristocratic circles it. was feared that the escapade of Princess Elvira would injure the prospects of - her other two unmarried sisters, but, fortunately, such predictions have been falsi fied. About four years ago Don Fabrizio's name was in everyone's mouth because of a piquant adventure. He was passionately, in .love with a beautiful girl, the daughter of a well-known engi ? neer in Rome, ? but he was not of age, and his father would not allow a member of Ms house to he united with a bourgeoise. The young couple, therefore/ took the law into their own hands, and disappeared. However, not finding a priest iWflJing'to perform the ceremony, the girl, after a short stay -at the Botel Minerva, retired to a convent, while Don Fabrizio promised to marry &er; -on attaining his majority. It is said, in. fact:, that at the end of 1893, when he came of age, they went to the city hall, when she stated publicly that she would not marry the Prince, and returned to \- her convent .. She is reported to have taken this course since she knew «he rvrould never tie re «eived by', the Massimos. .' Don Fabrizio has also been, engaged ? to -Princess- -Eugenia Letitia Bona parte, daughter of Prince. Napoleon Charles and PrinceBB Christina Kuspoli, who, it is now ru mored, will, jnarrr her cousin, Prince Victor, Pretender ^ to.*he*rhrbne pi France. In the sum mer of ;189| her engagement was suddenly broken off, «bine;saia because she had discovered that Dion Fabrizip Etjll loved the girl on -whom be bacl -'? brought misfortune. ,,-- ??-? - ?'?'??? 'W^x^^^Smbb became rector of Bright-' -'£t9n§r^$hie 'JbIs ?oj-Jpght, le was. waited on fey an old farmer,, whose on© desire in-life was to rent th£Jg1j3be land.; ^ Why P' aated Wilbjerfoipe. ?'W^^«jd'aaeo^feUow/mtttaippk o£ ;*msir ness slirewclieBB, r* when t'other parson was Jaere, he n^ed io; farm it hisself, and, there being- £0 little-of ;i&iiie;'alwjiys ?j*bt£n Miis nay before *iny-: body 'else. Then lie clappe-J on the prayer lor rain.'-^Si'il.i'?'JuEgbnaut.'---L --:- ?'??':? ??-:??;;--'?-???' 