THE STORYTELLER. CAPTURED BY BRIGANDS. (By Emily Spender, in the Strand Magazine.) A Jane evening in Florence. The sun had j apt set, the Arno ran like a river of fire^ beneath a flaming sky ; a rosy light lingered on the heights above the city and on the marble fagcade oi Sin Miniato amongst its cypresses. Up and down the Lung'arno loitered crowds of people, de lighting in the balmy air after a blazing day j carriages with daintily-dressed women rolled past, and the tramoars were laden with the bourgeoise on their way to and from the Oascine, the Hyde Park of Flor OllUOa Amidst these gay and happy people, talking, laughiog, flattering fans, one young man seemed quite out of harmony. His athletic figure and style of drees gave him an unmistakably English air. He was leaning on the wall, hia eyesfix^d up»n the brown, swiftly rushing river, with a gloomy, abstracted gaze; he ssemed nn oonecioas of the glowing sunset and the throngs of passers by. Presently he started, as a hand was laid on his Bhoulder, and a musical voice uttered a common-place greeting. ' Halloa, Peroi vale ! Didn't know you were in Florence.' , Percivale was just an ordinary, good looking English lad of one or two and twenty, fair, well-built, healthy, wiih honest blue eyes, such, as you may see tamed out by the dozen in a University town. Bat the man who addressed him Was of a different make, a man whom few people would pass in the street without ob serving. Tall, spare, and upright, with a keen, strongly lined face, latent fire in his dark grey eyes, and the easy grace which comes from strength, Manrice O'Connor had more than good looks — he had distinc tion. He had the reputation of being ? eccentric and unsociable. Sine a the death of his young wife, a few months after their marriage, he had led a roving life, the life of a traveller and explorer. Latterly he had somewhat settled down ; he had bought a villa in the Tuscan hills, within easy reach of Floronce. He was an amateur artist of remarkable ability ; and here he was able to gratify his love of Nature and of art. Speaking Italian like a native, he had become on friendly terms with the peasants of the wild and lonely country where he had made his home ; whilst he was frequently to be met with studying in the picture galleries of Florence. He had little in common with Harry Percivale, but Maurice O'Connor had had a liking for the young man ever since the day he had happened in a casual sort of way, to save him from drowning when, bathing off the coast of Ischia, Harry had been seized with cramp on a chilly spring day. ' Pcarae over from England a fortnigh n °Buf oam jlj.Mii. i ^y ^/icocuui^y , ixa iiuo UVYU UIU11 I sauntered along the Lung'arno, '? and I 1 might 33 well have stayed at home for any I pleasure I have had.' I ' Really ?' and Maurioe gave a quick I glance at him. ' Anything wrong ?' 1^ 'Everything !' replied Harry, savagely. 1 ' That is, it's nothing to do with me — a 1 family matter——' and he stopped short. ? ' Let ua walk on to the Caseine,' said ? . the Maurice, ready- to ignore the young J9 man's semi-confidence, if he wished to say I . no more. They went a few yards in silence, ? then Harry barst out : — 9 'I might as well tell you the whole 9 Btory — that is, if ib won't boro you too fl much. Perhaps you can suggest something. 9 I should be awfully glad if you would. I 9 don't see what is to be done.' 9 ' Tell me by all moans, my dear fellow.' 9 ' Well, you remember my sister Lucia ; 9 she and her mother, my step-mother, you H know, were with me at Ischia last year.' H ' Yas, I remember her,' said Maurice, l| with an almost imperoaptible change in [1 hia quiet voice. if ' She is a dear little creature, as simple [1 and docile as a child. My step-mother is II Italian, you know, and Lucia has been i brought up In a convent, and has not the ti pluck of an English girl, and thinks she Jj mnat do everything she is told. Well, it 11 is. a. horrid B'ory' alt.ig- t'tu-r. TIkwi is a [| min named H-- ud-'rtum — I don't km-w ii I'i you h'-v(! ev-r ni- t hi-n 1 ' II 'No, I think not.' 3 ' II ?! is im awful brnl lot — about; rs bid i br thay uriko them ; bub ha has hwips oi 1 .moaey, Hoi is smari, and all that kind of 1 thine;. What; -?-iflu tho heas!; -lo, hut ~% net ially tliu'D to propose to marry my pout 1 jiMo stater, Lucia j' mi iw ^uthcr, wretched woman, aids and abets him, just because he has a place somewhere in Eng land and ten thousand a year — or says he has. He may be in the hands of the Jews for what I know. Lucia loathes him, I'll bet anything she does, though she will hardly own it even to me ; but she daren't call her soul her own. All her Italian lady friends are down upon her, telling her it's her duty, and the custom of the country, to marry the man her mother accepts for her, and it's only those improper English girls who think of choosing a husband for themselves. Bab ! It makes me sick— an innocent baby like Lucia, jast out of a convent, and that loathsome reprobate, double her age !' Maurice O'Connor's face had become very dark and grim as he listened in silence. A year ago, when he had met the Percivale family at Ischia — Harry, the Oxford undergraduate, the portly, dark haired, vivaoious Italian stepmother, and her yoang daughter, Lucia — Maurice had at once been attracted by the latter for she had reminded him of his dead wife, as she was when he had met her first, a mere school-girl. Lucia Percivale baa' probably not his wife's intellect and strength of chairaater, bub there waa something in her flower-like grace and ohild-like innocence which touched the strong and tender hearted man. And now to hear of her destined saorifioe, one more maiden to a Minotaur, filled him with righteous wrath. ' Can you do nothing to stop this mar riage T' he asked, coolly enough, for ha waB not a man to wear his heart upon his sleeve. ' I have tried to move Heaven and earth, and it's no go at all. The Signora (that's my step-mother, you know) is just like one of those great mules. I wish to heaven my father were living ! I am con fident he would soon put a stop to this hateful marriage. But what can I do1? The Signora stormed and raved at me, and finally ordered me out of the house yester day, and forbade me to speak to Lucia again. So I just packed up my portman teau, and walked off to an hotel. The wedding day ia fixed — curse it ! and yet I simply can't go home again and leave Lucia to her fate.' They walked some way ia silence. The stroet was almost deserted now — the dark masses of the Cusoine woods loomed vagary before them, firn-flk-s flashed and vanished, and from tho lenfy r- ccsaes of tho park curm tbo silvery tri'l of a uightin* g.-i'e. ^ . Rliiurica fttkerl a few tnor;- questions about tho intended m:»rriu«i-. Ho w*s evidently pondering over whnfc Harry had told birn, ond was anxious for all tii-t h:» formation b.Q could gain r^pwvii.g Mr. ?fionildrson, und imotVo feelings to\7^a- 'You may see for yourself, perhaps, ii you are still living in that out-of- the-way place of yours in the mountains,' said Harry. *' Yes, I have come down to Florence only fora couple of days.' ' Well, they— that is, Lucia and her mother and that beast, Henderson- — are going to Vallombrosa next week, to stay at the hotel there, Lucia is quite ill with the worry of it all, and the doctor says she must have mountain air, and so she and my step-mother will remain there till just before the wedding. Of coarse Bhe .is ill ; she is miserable] but she accepts the in evitable. She is resigned and obedient, like a Hindu widow going to be bnrnt alive. She doesa'fc know half the horror of her fate, poor little innocent. And I have to look on and see it ! I wish to goodness we lived in the old days, and there was someone to do the young Lochinvar busi ness, and spirit her away, despite them all. I have been wondering if I couldn't do it myself, cut I don't quite see how.' 'Perhaps the bridegroom might be spirited away instead of the bride,' returned Maarice, with a quiet laugh. A week or two later, Mrs. Percivale, or the Signora, as she was usually called, was sitting under the shade of the great syca mores in the hotel garden at Vallombrosa. In front, fields, ' whose grass you scarce could see for flowers,' and where silvery poplars shimmered, sloped towards a dark wood of Immemorial pines. Beyond rose range after range of filmy blue hills, clowned with faint peaks of the distant Appannines. Behind the white, green shuttered walls of the hotel were the tall towers and massive buildings of the ancient and famous monastery. Above rose* vast forests ot beech and pine, climbing the hill side for many a mile, along whoso wild en chanting paths Milton onca wandered, and where still, ' beneath the high, overarched E'.rurian shades,' flow down the brooks embanded with myriad fallen leaves. The very name of Vallombrosa is full of legond and romance, even though its monastery has become a Government college of forestry, and its ancient hostelry a modern hotel, crowded in summer time by English and Italians. Mra. Percivale, a handsome, portly woman, of the Juno type which ona often seas amongat the Roman bourgeoisie, v/ab cheering ft way in English, fluently enough, but. wiih fv must un-English accent-— ?occ*- sioniiRy waving hit plump hands to em ph;5H!zo hur words.. Her prospective Bon-ia-law, Mr. Hender son, wjs b-*ndin{» ovev hor, with an atten tive air — for Ms ,a\\\w h-'l ht^u h.i pay as mu-jii court, i;o i,ho moi.hro n'- w tl-« -.1f»u:.-.;i;t-:.i\ ?whites iawawlly vowiug- i&@ should beva iet foot in his house in Eagland. ' I hate 'oreigners,' he used to say. Henderson was a rather short, stout man )f nearly forty, with a sallow face and hag gard eyes. Well dressed as he was, and , sourteous as he could be when he chose, ;here was a stamp of ill-breeding about aim and an air of self- sufficiency which some people found intolerable. Bat the 3ignora saw nothing of this. She had all ;be Italian simplicity of nature (which is if ten combined with a child-like cunning in ittlo matters), and she had the warm heart a id domestic affection of her countrywomen. Davoted to her daughter Lucia, she'Bincerely believed that she was doing the best pos sible for her welfare by urging on the marriage with Mr. Henderson,, and that her 3tep-8on Harry waa flying in the face of Providence by opposing it. Lucia had but a email dowry, and she was lueky to have found an Englishman of wealth and posi tion willing to matry her. The Signora herself had led the happiest of lives with her English husband, Lucia's father, ' If only ner oaro sposo were alive now, how he would have rejoiced at his little daughter's good fortune !' So ready are we to believe that the dead would have been on onr side ! Harry and his stepmother each claimed the late Mr. Percivale as an adherent to their opposite opinions. Lucia was a fair, delicate-looking girl of 17, childish and unformed in character, but with a sweet and sincere nature, and 3be might, under favorable influence, de velop into a noble woman. She knew nothing of life ; her convent was the world ; she was resigned to her marriage wiih a msn utterly distasteful to her ; all the girls of her acquaintance married men their parents chose for them. It wa3 all the will of Providence, which allowed some people to be rich and others poor, somo to be happy and others miserable ; and it was ' her duty to accept what God and her 'inothpr ordained for her. Life was a sorrowful mystery, she thought, and she only, wished she might have been allowed to remain with the kind, gentle sisters in the convent, and escape from the terrible necessity of marrying anybody ; most of all this Mr. Henderson. She scarcely knew why she disliked him so much j he was always paying her compliments, and telling her how much he adored her, be sides lavishing jewellery and pretty things upon her; bat her worasnly instinct re volted against the expression in his face when he gazed at her, and she shuddered whea he took her hand. ' Perhaps he has the evil eye,' she whispered. to he?eelf. A short respite was now all that was left to her. The wedding was fixed for that day week. After this evening, she would scaroely see Mr. Henderson again before that dreadful day, for to-night he was re turning to Florence to make the thousand and one necessary arrangements. ' It will be night long before you arrive at Florence,' f he Signora was s ying to him. 'Ah, what a dark and dolorous drive through the forest! I shudder to think of it !' ' There is nothing to be afraid of, cara Signora. The English CodsuI tells ma the country ahoat here is absolutely safe, or else I shouldn't risk it. Of course, I don't believe what the ? »' — ' natives,' he was going to say, with the peculiar con tempt an Englishman can show when speaking of the inhabitants of any country but his own; but remembering that Mrs. / Percivale was an Italian, he turned his sen- \ -;; tance awkwardly into, 'I don't beliave what waifcera and hotelkeepers say, of ' . course.' : . 'Daring the table d'hote that evening, . Mrs. Parcivale, who always amused herself ; ; between the courses by carefully observing the guests, gave a little cry. ' Look ! Lucia, there is your brother ; there is, Harreo, at the end of the long table ! He did not tell us he was coming. How glad am I, now that Mr. Henderson is going to leave us. I do not liko bg^^^®»^ hero in these mountains without a i^&s;??^ man,' and she nodded and smiled at her ^ stepson, who returned her greeting very stiffly. Har volatile but kindly nature had forgotten all about fhoir stormy parting § . : but Harry evidently had not. Ha looked pale and stern, and consumed with anxiety j he scarcely touched nny dinner, and befoie l he meal was quite over, and the S?gnora could cummon him to her eUe, ha had yv-tnishod from tho room. After dinner, Mr. Henderson departed for Florence in a -hired 'ourriagfl ami. pair. He took a tender furewoll of Lucia, with, the whisperad woi'(ti, '' Only another weftk.- .,'? svrul-w» shall tiHvyy pnrt i-aia !'.;.wbich b^(,.t.ijvii-»- the poof $irl wk witli um\& ' loss l\QW^ Mr.' Henderson was thoroughly enjoying his drive, in the dewy, balmy air of the June evening, as he reclined in the carriage, smoking one of the choice cigars he bad smuggled into this land of bad tobacco. There had been still a rosy glow in the north-western when he started, but the brief twilight was passing, and when road de scended into the forest, and the tall pine trees stood thickly ranged on either side, the gloom became lunereal. The carriage lamps shed flickering- uncertain lights, weird shadows flew past, and now a gleam tell 'upon an ancient and wayside cross ot stone. At that moment the wild and mournful hoot of an owl — or what sounded like such — rang through the woods and the driver abruptly pulled up his horses. ' What are you doing 1 Go on,' shouted Henderson, in his lame and blundering Italian. Bat the coachman sat s'lill on his box without replying. ' Curse tho fellow { what does he mean by it?'' and Henderson spraig to his feet. Tha feeble light from the lamps showed him two dark figures standing at the horses' heads, men in the ordinary dress of peasants, hut with their faces veiled by black crapn, which gave them a sinister and alarming aspect. And then, as if they had sprung oufc;of the earth, four men, similarly masked, surrounded the carriage. ' You rascals 1' cried Henderson, furi ously, bat turning cold with terror as he thought, ' They are brigands, and it is all a lie to say there are none in Tuscany.' ' You rascals, what do you want ?' ' We want you,' replied a solemn voice in Italian. ' The Signor will alight and come with us.' 'I shall do nothing of the sort,' and Henderson tried to swear and bluster, ' How dare yon, you thieves, interfere with an Englishman ? Drive on !' ho shrieked. ' Drive over them 1' Bui the coacbmin never moved, and his only answer was something that sounded rather like a chuckle. The next moment a pair of powerful arms pinioned Henderson, aid something hard and cold was pressed to his forehead. ' Another sound and you are a dead man I' Utterly cowed, and shivering with fright, he was dragged oat of the carriage and set . on h's feet in the road. Eich of his arms was then held in an iron grasp, and a third xnan, standing behind him, tied a cotton handkerchief tightly over his eyea ; but not before he bad caught a glimpse of a brigand standing a little apart from the rest —a tall, powerful-looking man, who wore no mask over his face. Henderson guessed him to be the chief of the brigands, and he gasped and stuttered out an appeal : ' I will give you all I have to let me go — I have five hundred lire in my parse, and there is English money in my portmanteau — — ' ' Silence !' came a stern voice, and if Henderson had had his wits about him, he might have noticed that the chief spoke ?with a deeper and more Roman accent than the softer Tuscan of his followers. 'We ?want a good deal more than that, and we Shall have it too, before we have done with yon. Now, quick march I' Henderson was hurried along between the two men who had gripped his arms. He tried to collect his senses, and to form some idea, blindfolded though he was, of Tvhitber he was being taken. The ground at first was soft under his feet ; evidently it was a forest-path deep in fir-needles. Upw and then came a breath of cool air, ecented with pine ; he could hear a brook murmuring not far away ; there was no other sound but the tramp of the gang who surrounded him. After about half a mile, the path began to ascend steeply, and now and again he stumbled and struck his feet against stones, and presently he, being ' fat and scant of breath,' began to pant, but still upwards he was hurried, till at last he bemoaned himself in English — 'They want to kill me— I shall be done for in another moment.' ' Stop I' came a word of oommond from ^^thechief in front. ' Give him a moment's ^^^&|nd here, let him have a drink.' /Tntsk was held to his lips and he ♦ gulped down a mouthful or two of what to his astonishment proved to be some of the beBt cognac he had ever tasted. 'Bather civil sorfc of brigands these, aftor 'all,' he thought, especially as the pace now slackened and he was allowed to proceed at a more merciful rate of speed. Onwards they went, mile after milej the air grew fresher, almost chilly, as they ascended, and be corild distinguish that they had left the plneo below them, and by tho crackling of last year's leaveB under foot, had reached tha beech woods on a higher level of tho mountains. He hoard hoot of an owl— a genaine owl this time— ? but perfect silence was maintained by the brigands. : ? /' b And now they had begun to descend rapidly \ he was guided down a: slippery, stony path, and then to his surprise and relief he found himself on the firm ground of a high road. ' Some instinct told the prisoner that they were approaching a dwelling-house. Tho road gave place to a gravel path ; there was a fiint scent of roses and mignonette in tha air, as if a garden were near; now he waa being led up stone steps ; he heard a heavy door open ; ho had entered, and the door was shut behind him, with a clanging of bolts and bars. He was hurried upstairs, flight after flight; now he was brought into a room- — 'You can let him go,' came the voice of the chief — then his arms were re leased, the handkerchief was unbound from bis eyes, and Henderson stood breathing hard, blinking his 6yes after the darkness, and glancing round him in bewilderment. He found himself in a small bedroom, with a bare floor and a few articles of fur niture, cheerless, but spotlessly clean ; and a small window strongly barred. In the darkness without, it was, of course, impos sible to know what the window looked upon. The ioom was dimly lighted by one of those brass three-wicked lamps the Tuscan pea sants use. It was all so strange— this homely room was so unlike the mountain cave where brigands are usually supposed to have their haunts. Henderson began to feel the whole thing was a horrid night mare. The two men who had held his arms, and whose crape-veiled faoes looked even more ominous in these oommon-plaee surroundings, had retreated to the door, and he was standing face to face with the chief, who appeared to disdain any dis guise. He was a distinguished- looking man, with finely-cut features, a touch of grey on his dark hair and moustache, and a passionate gleam in his dark eyes, which wore a very ferooious aspect in Henderson's estimation. The chief addressed him in Italian, speaking slowly and distinctly. 'You can understand me, I believe ? — well, I wish to give you a word of advice. Don't try to escape from this place ; it is useles3. Tho house is guarded by my men, and you will . remain here until it suits me to release , you.' ' How much money do you want ?' and Henderson tried to pluck up courage. 'It - would pay you much better to take all I have with me and let me go. There will be a great row made about you kidnapping an English subject.' ?* I am afraid that is a question we are not likely to agree upon,' returned the brigand, with ironical politeness. ' But I will not trouble you any further now; we will re sume our conversation another time. Supper will ba brought you presently, and I will wi6h you good-night. By-the-by,'^ he returned as he waa about to leave the! room, ' yoa can sleep without fear— I pledge you my word as a gentleman — brigand,' he added quickly, ' your life is safe if you obey my orders.' Presently the door — which was guarded outside by tho two brigands who had led Henderson hither — opened again, and an old peasant woman, with wrinkled face and grey hair, covered by a yellow kerchief, entered, bearing a plain. bat. sub* stantial meal, half a cold fowl, a loaf, and a bottle of vin ordinaire, but— humiliating detail — the bread and meat were cut in small pieces as if for a child ; no knife waa allowed him. Henderson addressed the woman eagerly : ' Buona donnar, tell mo where I am.' But she only shook her head, saying, 'I understand no English,' a bad compliment to Henderson's efforts in Italian — and set ting down her tray, she loft the room, and the door was promptly looked and bolted ? ? on the outside. Footsteps went down the staircase then all was profoundly still. His long march through the forest, his fright and anxiety, had thoroughly ex hausted him, and he ate his homely moal with unusual relish. He found his door could be securely bolted from the inside, and this combined with the brigand's pro mise (murdering villain as the man might be, Henderson somehow felt convinced he might trust his word), tbis made a certain ssnse of rest and comfort steal over the prisoner when hia hunger and thirst were appeased. The whole adventure was bo odd. Here was a brigand living in a fairly comfortable house, able to allot his prisoner a bodroom, with clean bed, waahdtand, towels, even a looking-glass, just aa if he kept an Inn I Why did they not take his purse ; Bat a dreadful presentiment made him ahiver~-i£ '^trifles, it meaat, only that a ruinous ransom would be demanded : in exchange, for hig liberty and life- And then he began to rage against the whole country— the Go vernment which was powerless to put down brigandage, the officials who were in league with the brigands, the English Consul who .had deceived him by denying their exist ence. He tried to comfort himself by wild ?threats of what he would do when he was tfree again ; the Ambassador would ba ap pealed to, an international matter made of 3fc, and the Italian Treasury forced to pay ihim exemplary damages. Then, , somewhat tardily, he began to thiak of Lucia. ' Good heavens !' and he turned quite cold—' suppose these black - , guards keep me here over the wedding day, and refuse to let me communicate with the Percivales ! 'What is to become of me ? jfpbody will have the ghost of a notion . wnere l am. Extreme fati^na and tho death-like silence around him had their effect upon him, however, and he slept soundly till after snnrise. Then he sprang up, and, full of curiosity as to his whereabouts, ha went to the barred window. He looked down some. 80ft. on a strip of grass, then came a .- dense wood of pine trees, amidst which he could hear a river murmuring far down be low. A low range of grassy hills, now golden with flowering bloom, rose steeply beyond the pine wood, shutting out all distant view. There was not a sign* of human presence, not a clue to toll him where he was. Only, as these hills were no v? bathed in morning sunshine, he knew that fails window looked towards the west. And, to his amazement, three days ? passed away in this room without his see ing a living creature, except the old woman who brought his meals and made his bed. '-?Tell your master I wish to speak to him,' said Henderson, impatiently. ' Why does he leave me here like this 1' But the old woman only shook her head as before. The weariness of those three days was indescribable. He had nothing to do but smoke and read over again one or two Tauchni'z novels which he happened to have in his portmanteau. He tried shout ing and banging at the door of his room, bat without the slightest result, except that the -armed brigands who always guarded the entrance when the old woman brought him food roughly told him to be quiet, or he would repent it. All the time he was maddened by the thought that the week was speeding on, that nothing was being done for his release, and that the twenty sixth, the day fixed for his wedding, was near at hand. About five o'olook on the fourth evening of his imprisonment be at last heard foot Bteps approaching, which he rightly guessed to be those of the chief. He entered, with a great rattling of keys and bolts, and be hind him came two of his followers, armed with revolvers, but also with more peaceful weapons — an ink-bottle and a writing-case. Henderson's heart beat fast; some crisis in his fate was evidently approaching. In his excited state, the chief looked to him more, commanding and ferocious than ever. The brigand bowed in a stately manner and began : — ' As I do not wish your friends to be anxious about you, and their seeking might inconvenience me, I have to request you, fiignor, to write a short letter to the Signora Peroivale. You see, I know all about you. We have plenty of friends and allies in the city of Florence.' ' Oaitainly I will write to her,' replied Henderson, with, alacrity ; ' it is jast what I have been wishing.to do.' /' Bat. understand mo, signor — you will have the goodness to write the letter from my dictation — that is, 1 shall dictate it m I alian, and you will write to the Signora Percivale in English, as is your custom. Only remember this : I can read and un derstand English, although t do not speak it_- to you j so you will not add anything of youc own composition. Do you under stand me?' Henderson thought he did, only too dearly, and his face fell. .The ink-bottle, pen, and a sheet of paper were then, in obedience to a sign, placed upon the table, by the brigands, and the chief and the prisoner seated themselves. ? 'Now begin,' said the former, and he dictated the following words :— 'Dear Mrs. Percivale,— I much regret to tell you that circumstances have occurred whiuh will prevent my being able to fulfil my engagement to mavry your daughter, Mi?s Lucia Peroivale, on the 26th instant. Tbio, my intention to re linquish the honour oil her band, is irrevocable. So I beg you to forget that such a persou bus ever existed as ' Yoar obedient servant, ; , ' ' Jamks Hendeebon.' \ ft.WW top s^Qht Ub t*-w* ippfc m fury, Henderson threw down the pen and sprang to his feet; choking with curses. 'Yon scoundrel, do you think you axe going to treat an Englishman like this? I defy you-— you and all your cut-throats— I defy you to make me write a blackguardly letter like that I' . '? You will change your mind to-morrow,' returned the chief, coolly. 'Here,' he said, turning to bis men, ' blindfold him, and take him down to the dungeon.' Accordingly, the two men again lard hold of the wretched Henderson, who kicked and fought, and all but bit, but was quieted down by a further application of the revol ver to his forehead. Downstairs he was dragged, without another word being spoken, down flight after flight, the last steps being of slippery stone ; be felt a damp, chilly atmosphere surround him, and when the bandage was removed from his eyes, he found himself in total darkness. A heavy door was slammed upon him, a grating key was turned in the look, and be was left alone with his helpless rage and mortification. All sorts of terrors pursued him in this awful gloom— the thought that he might be forgotten, might be left to die of starva tion, tortured bins. He raved, he swore, he was all but delirious. As. night fell a faint ray of moonlight shone through a narrow slit of a window high above his head, dimly revealing a square room, with damp, fungus-stained walls, and fhor earth; in one corner, an empty paoking-casa littered with straw, in another some empty bottles. The dungeon looked uncommonly like a wine-cellar with out the wine, and the gruesome idea oc curred to him that perhaps the brigands had broken into this lonely house and mur dered its proprietor, and had now com fortably established themselves here, in stead of in one of those denB and caves in the mountains which, according to all con ventional notions, was their fitting habita tion. The intolerable hours dragged on ; Hen derson seated himself on tho packing-case, and sat shivering and bemoaning himself. He thought once or twice of Lucia, and came to a hearty conviction he had been a fool to refuse to write that letter to her mother. Ha could make it up with her when he waa set at liberty again ; and in any case, no woman in the world was worth all this misery; he would write any thing — anything to gefc out of this den of horrors, and to put into a good humor that disgusting, toll, cool, saporoiliQus qaptaift of the b^j^n^ Morning dawned at last, faint daylight glimmered through the window, then a ray of sunshine — but still no one oamo near the prisoner. At last, when Hender son was entirely broken-spirited by cold and hunger, he heard the joyful sound of his door being unlocked. The usual guard of two armed men appeared. ' The Signor, our captain, wishes to know whether you are ready to write the letter as he com manded you?' ' Anything you like,' replied the pri soner, with the recklessness born of de spair. 'You have me in your power — I am not responsible.' So Henderson was once more blind folded, and hurried upstairs. When he was allowed the use of his eyes again, he found himself In his former prison ; hut, af'er his night of terror, it appeared to him, now, quite a cheerful and luxurious apart ment. The chief soon made his appear ance, and wished his prisoner good-day, with what the latter thought a diabolically sarcastic smile. Without further demur, Henderson wrote' the letter precisely as the chief dictated to him, addressing it to the Signora Porcivale at her home in Florence, whither she and Lucia had by this time returned. ' It will be posted In Florence,' said the chief, grimly, 'and the Signora and the rest of your friends, who have doubtless been wondering what has become of you, will now have no further wish for your society, and w|U take no trouble to seek your whereabouts. Thus I shall be spared the necessity of putting you to death and hiding your body.' Hendorson started at thia, and then groaned to himself in English : ' A pretty figure I shall cut in the, eyes of Florence society !' 'There is now the matter of your ransom to be considered,' went on the chief aa be put the letter in his pocket. 'You have doubtless your cheque-book in thnt portmanteau there?' 'I don't know,' muttered Henderson, sulkily. ' Look and see!' in a tone which the prisoner did not venture to disobey. 'Now write a cheque for five thousand pounds sterling, payablo to Giuseppe Amalfi.' ' I'll be shot if I do !' ' Oh, no, you will not bo shot — just yet. You will have to spend a few weeks in the dungeon first, on bread and water, and not too much of that, and afterwards, if you still prove obstinate, well — I daresay you have heard how it is our custom to cut off § piwwr's m os ?% mi ®w& ft .to. Ma friends, with a demand for a ransom. !Nbw, then, which shall ifc be ?' Henderson tried to keep his teeth from - chattering. ,'I — I have not — not got : five thousand pounds in the world.' 'Have you not!' returned the chief, 3coffingly. 'Well, I daresay you can borrow it — to save your ears.' ' Thereupon the prisoner wrote the oheque, : with a^ shaking hand. The chief took it and said : — 'I will now bid you farewell, signor. In a few days' time you will be set at liberty. - Yon shall not see me again, bufc I shall - hear of you, and know all about you, wherever you are. Beware,' and his tone became one of awful menace, ' beware of the tremendous vengeance which will fall upon you if you, at any future time, make an attempt to discover the brigand chief, Giuseppe Amalfi.' Haughtily bowing, the chief left tha room. Bat as soon as he was outside the door, his face totally changed. He slapped the pocket gleefully in which he had placed the letter, then, struggling with in ward- laughter, he took a matchbox from aaother pocket, struck a match, set light to the cheque for five thousand pounds, and consumed it to ashes. Three days later Henderson's room waa invaded about midnight by a gang of some half-dozen brigands, who lod him down stairs and out of the house, and then, after miles of wandering up and down forest ..aths, suddenly released him. Tearing the bandage from his eyes, he found him self in a lonely spot on the high road be twe;n Vallombrosa and Florence, not far from the plaos whore he had been made prisoner. His portmanteau was placed by his.side. Thf re was nothing for him to do ? but to shouldor it and to walk down to the nearest station on the railway to Florence, ? there to wait till daylight and 'the first train. He was half inclined to believe that his capture and detention were all a dream. And In found later that all his friends were qaita sure of it. His piteous story. was re- ? ceived everywhere with shouts of incredu- ? loU3 laughter, and so mercilessly was he chaffed, and such dreadful rumors reached him of the Signora at the jilting of her daughter, that he fled from Florence with out attempting to see the Percivales again ; his only consolation being that he had ' saved both hia ears and his money j for, unaccountably as it seemed to him, that chequa for £5000 wa8 never presented at ? any hank. ? . And so Italy and its brigands knew Mr. Henderson no more. ' Brigands !' cried the irate Signora ; ' as if there were any brigands in Tuscany i If this were Sardinia or Sicily, one might be lieve in it. But no, no, it is all an excuse — a lie, Lucia, carissima mia, my poor de ceived, deserted Lucia. Do not weep ior him, the heartless villain. It is a lucky escape for you ; one ought to be thankful if there were any brigands to carry him away.' Lucia, so far from weeding, had a glad step and beaming eyos, and a heart uplifted with thankfulness that a merciful Heaven had delivered her, even at the eleventh hour, . from a fate worse than death, and she quite agreed with her mother iu invoking blessing; on the brigands — if there were any such useful people. ? As for Lucia's brother Harry, he was not only in high spirits, but for days he was . subject to sudden fits of uncontrollable laughter. On being remonstrated with by his step-mother for his untimely mirth, he answered, with a fresh giggle : ' I can only echo your words, Signora : a lucky escape — two lucky escapes 1 Henderson has escaped from the brigands and Lucia bas escaped from Hendeison. We shall never hear of Henderson any more, or /of the famous brigand, Giuseppe Amalfi, with his ' £5000 cheque. Don't soold me, Signora. I rnust laugh !' A year afterwards, Lucia, a bride, was driving with, her husband, Maurice O'Con nor, along the forest road to his villa. Ij; .. was a massive-looking, antique stone house covered with clematis and wistaria hidden away in a nook of the Tuscan hills, with a garden full of roses, and pine woods all around it, and a river murmuring, and black-birds singing in the valley below. ' Oh, what a lovely place,' cried Lucia ; 'as completely out of the world as a hermitage. How happy we shall be hers together, with no one to intrude upon us !' ' Yes, its solitude stood me in good stead, onoo upon a time,' said Maurice O'Connor. 'Bat the house ia not so lonely as it looks. lror the peasants who work on my farm and in my woods hava their cottages not far away j and they are uU. e$ yeuy good ft$-$8i .5 &OTQ-sw;&ty-pej; . somehow to gain their hearts, perhaps just by showing them some of the sympathy and courtesy which Italians so much ap preciate. Anyhow, I think they would follow me through fire and water. And never shall I forget how their faithfulness helped me, indirectly, to win you, Lucia. Only, as some of their good service con sisted in a great flourishing of pistols, and as Italians are apt to be quick-tempered, I took good care beforehand that those pistols should not be loaded, for fear of accidents. Some day I will tell you the whole story, my dear little wife !' 