Parson Quayle's Letter. ' Dear John — Before this letter reaches you, or perhaps along with it, you will receive the news that tells you what it is. I am 'in,' John. I can say. no more than that, Tho doctor tells me that it may be now or then or at any time, but I am looking for an enlargement soon, and whether it comes to-morrow sunset or with to-day's nest tide, I Ieavu myself In His nands, iu Whose hands we all are. Well has the wise man said, ' The day of death is better than the day of our birth,' so with all good will, and what legacy of strength old age has left to me, I send you my laEt word and message. ' My poor old daughters are sorely stricken, but Glory is still brave and true, being, ' as she always was, a quivering bow of steel. People tall me that the poor mother is strong in tho girl, and the spirit of the mother's race ; but well I know the fathers stalwart eoul sup Eort3 her ; and I pray God that when my dark our comes her loving and courageous arm may bo around me. 'That brings me to the object of my lotter. This living will soon be vacant, and I am wondering who will follow in my feeble steps. It is a sweet spot, John. The old church does not look so ill when the sun shines on it, and in the summer time this old garden is full of fruit and flowers. Did I ever tell you that Glory was bom here ? I never had another grandchild, aud we were great comrades from ! the first. She was a wise and winsome little thing, and I was only an old child myself, eo wo had many a run and romp in those grounds together. When I try to think of the place without her it is a vain effort, and a painful one ; and even while she was away in your great and wicked Babylon, with its dangers and temptations, her little ghost seemed to lurk at the back of every bush aud tree, and sometimes it would leap out on me and laugh. 'It is months since I saw your father, but they tell me he has lately burnt his bureau, making one vast bonfire of the gatherings of 20 years. .That is not such ill news either, and maybe, now the great ado that worked such woo is put by and gone, ho would rejoice to see you back at home and open his hungering arms to you. 'But my eyes ache, and my pen is shaking. Farewell 1 Farewell ! Farewell ! An old man leaves you his blessing, John. God grant that in His own good time we may meet in a blessed paradise, rejoicing in His gracious mercy and all our sins forgiven. 'ADAii Quaylb.' 