TALES AND SKETCHES. VOW FIRST PUBLISHED. SHADOWELTFOR LIFE! A SOLDIEH'S STOHV, By CORDON STABLES, M.D., R.K. Authur of "Thc Rose of Allaudaln," "For Money or For Love," " The Cruise of the Land Yuolit ' Wanderer,'" "Our Friend the Dog," 4c., &c.; [ALI. lllnllTS RESERVED. ] CHATTER XXVIII.-A MYSTERIOUS WARMNO. " There are more Illing» in heaven than earth, Horatio Thau arc dreamt of tn your nhiloEoyhj." Many times and oft have these lines from Hamlet been quoted : many times before have I quoted them myself. And if 1 do so now again, it is been use what I am about tu relate borders on .thc spiritual. Yet I wish it lo bc distinctly understood that I myself ant no believer in spiritualism, feeling quite certain in my own mind that nothing takes place in this world, however apparently mysterious, that may not be explained by natural laws. If, mind you, we can get these laws to apply to the case. Transient dreams, daylight dreams may uc count for the appearance of many an appari- tion. And I hu vc proof positive that men, and women too, under certuiu conditions of thc brain, especially perhaps aftt-r great fatigue, may fall asleep for just a brief momeut or two, even when walking through a room, or along a garden path, and duriug that short period of somuolcncy may dream that they sec ghosts, ay, and be ready to swear to the truth of what they saw. We all know what nightmares arc, but these arc daymares, if I dare coin a word, and thc terror they plunge thc transient dreamer into is, fur tho time being, very real and very die.idful also. Hut apart from all this, I should not bc the one to deny that heaven may sometimes give people slraugc warnings, even in dreams ; warnings that if acted upon may enable us to steer clear of great dangers to ourselves, or protect the life of some very dear friend. I do not, of coarse, know for certain, but it seems to mc that, even while in life, wc may at limes be permitted to place our footsteps on the threshold of another world, and fearfully peer within. When I returned to England, after the Capture of thc notorious Jacques, I did so with a comparatively easy mind. 1 somehow felt certain in my own thoughts that the danger was past and gone. For, I reasoned, if hila were ever so much inclined to aid her old lover in his fearful plots against the life of my friend Jocelyn, she could not Mow do so, Jacques having been captured before he had time to completo his schcuieB, and to send her thc deadly lymph which should smite ber husband with that fatal disease anthrax. . I determined to bc on my guard neverthe- less, and I had another midnight interview with the maid Lena. Mrs. Lloyd, I found out, had really bought underclothing for Jocelyn at the shop recom- mended by Jacques, tte had worn these too, and with no bad results. 1 did not expect that there would be any. That wool from a diseased sheep even after it ia dyed and made up into nnder-garments may possibly give anthrax to thc wearers is generally believed. But it is admitted that the chances of its doing so are very remote indeed. No ; and none kuew thiB better than Jacqnes himself. Why then had hs recom- mended tho purchase of such underclothing ? This question is very easily answered. For any medical man attending a case of anthrax would certainly feel about for the primary cause of the terrible malady. Where did the mscrobes come from that laid his patient low in death Ï And in thc absence of any other clue or explanation, the very fact of his having norn that probably infected wool from South America would be eagerly seized up as the H causa mortis." O, without doubt the man Jacques had played Iiis cards well, and had meant to leave nothing undone to insure success. And DOW comes tbe mystery, for mystery it is to nie to this very day. In telling this portion of the story I intend merely to state facts, simple facts, and to leave thc reader to explain them in any way he or she thinks fit, or do as I do, leave them unexplained, and take refuge in those lines from " Hamlet" I quote at the begining of this chapter. Lena then had promised that she would continue to live with Mrs. Lloyd as ber maid for some months yet, and that she would take notice if anything at all unusual occurred, and communicate with toe at once, even if Bhe had to walk all the way to the Jungle "at the dark hour of midnight." These last are Lena's own wordB. She was a brave as well as a faithful girl. A week or two had passed away. Things were getting on well and quietly at the Haven's Nest, aud there was no reason, I firmly believed, why Ella should not ulti- mately forget her old lover entirely and settle down as a faithful wife and help-meet. A Ins ! thc wish waa father to tho thought, and I did not even yet know the female " terror" I had to cope with in the person of Ella Lloyd or Lee. Ah, well do I remember that gloomy autumn evening when I rode alowly back from the Haven's Nest with thc gloaming shadows deepening around me, leaves fluttering earth- wards from tbe lordly elms, rooks overhead flying heavily homewards to the distant woods, and one little glimmering star shining sweetly in a rift of blue high above thc Eastern horizon. I remember I felt somewhat sad and low in spirit*. Duwncast indeed, for my friend Jocelyn had complained of not being over well; a strtnge drowsiness ho said almost overwhelmed him, and now and theu a transient giddiness. "I'll go to my room, Gord," he told me, with a faint smile. " I shall net dine. Sleep will pull inc together. Come and see me early in the morning. " I repeated his last words to myself over and over again as I rode homewards. " Come and Bec me early in thc morning." What if Joss was going to die ! Tile good go 6rst. Y es, many and many a proof I have had of that truth. But how lonesome my whole life would be if if my friend were to die! " Come and seo mc carly in (he morning." "That I assuredly will," I cried aloud. "Go on, Polly ; go on good mare." And thc mare broke into an easy gallop, and soon stood stock still at our own gate. My dinner that evening, I am certain, was a mere passover. My dog had the soup, thc cuts had thc fish, and my parrot-a flesh cater-discussed most of my modest chop. 1 helped myself, however, to blanc mange, with cranberry jelly, pouring a couple of glasses of genuine port over it by way of sauce. Then I eat in my rocker, read, and smoked. "Como and see me corly in the morning." "These wore the very last words I said to myself as I lay down to sleep. A Bad, uneasy slumber it was, though. Toilsome, rackingdroams, which culminated at last in as ugly a nightmare CB ever I can remember. I th night I stood alone in a chamber all bung around with black cloth. The room was dimly lighted, but where thc light came from I could not tell. Nor cared I. For my eyes were rivetted on a fearsome eight. Against thc wall of this bluclc room stood or were placed a row of busts of human beings -s'.l dead they wero. Suddenly, to my horror, the lips of all them moved, tho lower ones being slightly protruded, uud from every dead mouth there spouted a long stream of crimson blood. A nightmare like this cannot bc vividly or graphically enough described on paper, but tho terror of this dream was sufficient to canso me to start from my couch and even when I opened my eyes I could seo those awful busts fading away till they became invisible. I lit my candle. Now as to what followed I possess no scientific certainty. I only know that I did not think I was asleep or dreaming. I folt as wide-awake BB I do at thia moment. "Much more sn, indeed, when suddenly the knocker on the hall door sounded loud and long. I sprang out of bcd at once. " It is Lena," I said to myself, " and poor JOSB ia taken worse." I looked at my watch ; it was just two o'clock and a few minutes more. Once again thc knocking commenced ; louder now it was, and impatient. I snatched up thc caudle, und hurried down- stairs and along thc hall. I threw open thc door, and thc rays of my caudle fell upon and struggled with tho dark- ness without. But a feeling or dread-a dread that is in- definable-took possession of me from that outer darkness, and into tho light there glided the face and form of Jocelyn Lloyd himself. " Oh Joss," I cried, " how you startled me ! Come in, come in. Don't sand out in the cold." The very sound of my own voice was hollow apd unearthly. Jocolyn never moved. He only gazed at me with those gentle pleading tyeB of his. Then his image faded away. I made a spring as if to seize him. All in vain. But far away-in what direction I could not tell-u voice, his voice, fell dis- tinctly on my cars. "Come and seo me early in the moraine;." My honest marc looked about with some surprise when just ten minutes after this I entered thc stable, lautern in bond, dressed and really for thc road. But she tunned mc a welcome, and shortly afier this we were tearing along thc road through the darkness and the gloom, at a rate that had thc marc not been well acquainted with thc path, would have endangered both her neck and I slackened speed as I neared thc Raven's Nest. There was a bright light in Jocelyn's room just above the verandah. And in that room, I doubted not, foul murder was being committed, if the deed were not already done. CHAFTEBXXIX.-THE DOOM OF EHE WOULD-BE MrjBDERsbS. While Blill seventy yards from the house I entered a field and left my mare to graze. I must approach the verandah with caution, though as speedily us I could. Dawn by the summer-house lay a light ladder, and as I passed through the garden I tonk it with me. My footsteps could not bc beard, so silently did 1 tread. And now I am close beneath thc window. To tho left of this was Jocelyn's dressing room, with a door opening through into his bedroom. Both windows were of the old fashioned casement kind, with tiny panes like those wc see in churches. I softly leant the ladder against the verandah and up 1 swarm like a cat or a sailor, till my head is on a level with the light. Many and mauy a ghastly horror have I witnessed in my time, but nothing in life I believe has ever affected me more than the terrible scene iu this drama of life and death now being acted before me. For a few moments I can hardly realiso it, and find myself wondering whether I am not the dupo of some horrible dream. The per- spiration stands in cold beads upon my brow, and my limbs tremble so that my footing on the ladder is insecure indeed. It is the calm deliberation, the stoical cool- ness and fiendish courage of Ella Lloyd that almost petrifies mc with fear. My friend Jocelyn is lying there on his back in bed, one hand and arm resting on the coverlet. His lips are parted, his face is very pale, almost ghastly. He had been drugged. A child could perceive this much. But standing by the chest of drawers is the figure of Ella herself in her night-dress-intent on murder. Un the top ot that chest ot drawera ere phials end tubes, a siphon, and a little retort simmering over the tiniest of pale blue flames, just sufficient to keep the contents at blood heat. In her hand she holds a lancet, and this she is trying thc edge on her thumb nail. As if satisfied with its sharpness, she turns towards the bed and places it handy. Then ehe commences to fill a tiny glass syringe such as medical men use for giving substantaneous injections of morphia solutions. I watch her narrowly. I watch her as if spellbound, and I notice that her hand neither trembles nor shakes, as she bends over the retort containing the fatal lymph. " Come and see me early in thc morning." Once more I seem to hear that voice, and tho words suddenly break the spells that binds me. I am a man again, full of life and action. I leap with ease on to the top of the balcony, and make my way swiftly to the casement window of the dressing-room. This Joss, acting on my advice, always leaves open. I am through and inside in two seconds. I dash open the intervening door and cl ut oh tbe woman by the shoulder just as she is bending over iny friend's couch to administer the deadly dose. Oftentimes in real life there is au element of the comic mixed up with deeds the most tragic. It was not wanting in this case. It may sound strange, but it ts not after all surprising that, having been so long at sea, I should address this would-be murderess in sailor language instead of plainer English. But I had not time to study my words or phrases. " Avast heaving," I shout, and I shake her as a cat may shako a tat. " Avast heaving, you murdering devil and fiend 1" Was it terror alone, or was it madness, that now contorted her pale and ghastly face. I knew not, neither did I care. She had fallen on thc floor, or I had thrown her there. Her arms were extended, her fists were clenched, her black eyes rolled upwards till they almost disappeared beneath tic: brows. Then with a ¿roan she sank upon the floor-convulsed. Even in my excitement there was one thing I could not help observing. The glass lymph laden syringe had been broken to atoms inlier clenched tiste and the blood from her palm was trickling down her arm. My first thought was for Jocelyn. I eagerly beni over him, and listened to his breathing. lt was quiet and regular, with thc slightest degree of stertor. I opened an eyelid. The pupil was fixed and contracted. But the pulse was firm, and by no means intermittent. That he bad been drugged was evident, but at present there was no danger to life, and I did not apprehend any, I dipped a handker- chief in wu ter, however, uud placed it over his brow, patted his poor white hand and left thc room. I went upstairs quietly and tapped at Lena's door. Thc girl was up and dressed. "Oh, sir,"Bhe said, as well as her chatter- ing teeth would permit ; " is it you ? How did you got in ? I've had a dreadful dream, and was going fur you. 0, Bir, is master dead ?" " No, Lena, no. Thank God I have come in time to save his lifo." Ï hen I told bar all. Between IIB WC carried Mrd Lloyd to her room and put her to bod. She was quiet enough now. I dressed thc wound on her baud, applying antiseptics, and doing all I knew to prevent the poison, with which in crushing the glaBs syringe she had inoculated herself, from circulating in her blood. But of her case I had positively no hopes, evon from the first, The vory death she wnuld have meted out to her husband, Fate had decreed Bhould be her own. It was late next day before Jocelyn awoke. I had telegraphed for one cf the beat physicians in London. Unreservedly I told him the terrible history of tho whole case, and he agreed with me that the danger was extreme. A man like Jacques, Savant and Anarchist, was likely to do his work all too well, Nevertheless everything that could bc done in the way of prevention wc did ; nor did my confrere loavo for days. Allin vain. Kita Lloyd was doomed. I would only nccdlcsssly horrify tho reader were I to give, from the commencement to the end, the pathological history of this case ; from the oncoming of tho first vesicle and carbuncle through all the stages of inflammation, of fever, or high delirium, of mortification, mattering delirium, protraction and death. Suffice it to Bay that in nine days' time from the first appearance of this plague Ella Lloyd was no more. My London medical friend came down again, and both he and 1 agreed that wc had never before witnessed a case in this country that went so steadily and swiftly on to a fatal termination. Meanwhile we consulted together on another question. .Should Jocelyn Lloyd, whose grief, by-the-way, was terrible to behold, be told of the danger he had himself conic through ! " Cui bono ! Cui bono ?"* said Dr. U again and again. He was found of Latin quotations. "Cui bono, my dear sir. It can do naught but harm. Let thc poor Major live and die in this opinion that for all ber cruelty towurds him his wife loved him ut heart." And so I consented to keep thc matter hidden from my friend. Lena, too, was bound to secrecy, and I know she has kept her word and vow. As for the would-be murderous herself, she met her death in a fearful fashion, her sufferings were unparalleled. God grant, I pray, they may have ended in this world, for no man can aet bounds or limits to His nicrcv. CHAPTER, XXX.-" HAPPINESS HATH COME AT LAST." Â8 heaven is my judge it was not the wish or desire to gloat over the misfortunes of a fallen foe I hat took me to Paris just one week ere Christmas bells began to ring in the year 18-. Jacques, the murderer and anarchist-yes, thc crime of murder in Paris bad been proved against him-was condemned to die by guillo, line on some sad morning unknown as yet even to his gaolers. Society would not bo tafe while so dangerous and unscrupulous an adventurer as he was still alive and at large. And I myself was anxious to know, to feel sure that the dread sentence of the law was in reality carried out. He bsd sworn to escape, and I was well aware that there were those in the city who would Btraiu every nerve, move beaven and earth almost, to enable bim to do so. If ho escaped my life waa not worth a week's purchase, and bis vengeanco might even extend to my friend Jocelyn also. I determined to visit him ia his cell. My influence in certain quarters, which must be nameless, procured me a pass to the terrible prison, and in due time I was ushered into the dread presence of the Anarchist Jacques. The gaoler accompanied me. He had pre viously warned me not to go too near to him. He would spring and fasten on me, he said, like a wild beast. Jacques sat on his bed, his elbows on his knees, bis long white hands supporting h¡8 head for a moment. I thought him asleep. "Jacques ! I said. He raised bis head and eyes at once. " You here ?" he muttered. " I am here." " Come to triumph over me ?" "I have no Buch intent. If sorrow for a being like you could find a place in my heart, I would mourn your sad fate." *' Why are you here, then ?" " I have come to Bay farewell, and to tell you I have forgiven you." "Is that all?" " What else should there be ?" He laughed hoarsely, scornfully. " Your friend, the Major," he said. " Where have you buried bim ?" " My friend the Major is alive and well." "Yon lie !" " I speak the truth. There WBB an accident. Your paramour or lover is dead. Your sufferings at the hands of the executioner will be as nothing to the torments she endured before kind death stepped in to relieve her." A change that waB instantaneous came over his dark and handsome face. It was lit up with a gleam af joy that is indescribable. "And now," I added, " I must say farewell. May God forgive you, as do I." " Stay !" he cried. " You have made me happy. Inexpressibly happy. She, my love, my own, has gone before. She will meet me-" he crossed himself as he spoke-" on the radiant ettore. 1-I-I-" He clasped his left hand acroSB his eyes, his strong frame shook witb the sobs he could uot restrain, and tears, genuine tears, came welling through h¡8 fingers. After a time he grew more composed. "Now welcome death," he cried; "soon, j soon may it come. Then we sballmeot." " Advance," he said, standing erect, " and shake my hand." " Do not. Do not," excloimed tho gaoler, excitedly. For one brief moment I hesitated. But the doomed man's gaze met mine, and I felt I had nothing to fear. I stepped up and shook his cold hand. " Adieu !" he said. Adieu ! and-" " And what?" " You may pray for me !" " I will, I will ! Adieu !" " I left the cell. Just once again I saw the man. It was a bitter cold, dark morning, and he was walking with steady step and firm to his doom. AB be stood by the terrible instrument, while every bead in tho awe-stricken mob was unbared, he raised his voice and shouted in French : " Long live anarchy ! Down with tyrants !' Next moment he WSB seized by thc shoulder, and his body fell forwards with a dull thud. A few seconds moro nod Jacques was no more. Spring hud returned ; the second spring since the tragedy at Raven's Nest. The earth had been awakened from her long winter's sleep by the clad songs of a thousand birds. Green were tho fields, starred with daisieB, and draped with many a wee wild flower, peeping coyly heavenwards from bank and brae. Softly whispered the winds as they toyed with the silken leaves of the lindon or ches nut, or Bighed through tbe needle verdure of the crimson-tipped larches, venturing only on a bolder song aa they lighted and swayed thc dark foliage of pine-tree or fir, while every brooklet and rill joined their rippling mubic to s A ell the glad chorous that all nature united to in raising. It was indeed a gladsome time. No time tor sorrow, though. O, no, no ; one glance at the blue rifts in the sky, or the sunshine shimmering in checqners through thc waving trees was euough to rejoice the saddest heart. I had two little maidens staying with mo at Thc Jungle, and there they had been for many weeks, for next to dogs I dearly love the com- panionship of innucent childhood. But hero I had dogs and children both, and on this lovely spring morning they were all together tumbling on the tennis lawn. It would have been difficult indeed to have Baid which was thc maddest, the merriest, or thc daftest of those four. Had you como to any rapid conclusion on this point you might havo been glad to change your mind next minute. Here was Hurricane Bob, my noble Newfound- land, for example, with a garland of gowans *To what good end ? round hie neck, lying on his broad back and kicking his heels in tho annoy air ; and there was Wasp, my wiry little Scottish terrier, feathering round and round the group in a circle, so faat yon scarce could Bee him, and yonder, one on each side of Hurricane Bob, was Jocelina (Lily's Gowan) and poor motherless Molly Lloyd, and their laughing voices made the sweetest music I thought that ever I had heard. The mavis on thc cedar tree was, I lee! certain, of the same opinion, for there was emulation, if not jealousy, in every note of his sweet aud ringing song. My dear friend Jocelyn was away in Scot- land, but he was expected home this very afternoon, and it was probably this fact that made us all, to-day, feel so happy, so daft, and so iovful. We were going to meet bim, too, at the station. Hurricane Bob and Wasp, Molly, Gowan and my humble self. I had ordered dinner, and looked forward as eagerly as a schoolboy on a holiday to meeting Joss once more. Rut there would be weeks before us of this bricht and beautiful weather, and what we should do, or what we should not do, was yet hidden in the revolving kaleidoscope of events. All wc did know, and of this we were per- fectly certain, was that wc meant to enjoy ourselves just as much and as well as wc knew how to. I must mention one or two odds und ends here, as loug as I remember them. First, then, thc Haven's Nest was sold, Jocelyn had suffered far too much sorrow within its walls ever to wish to dwell there again. Secondly, thc Major's friend, poor old ' 'olooel Singleton, was dead and gone. Thirdly, Lena ¡Smart, the late Mrs. Lloyd's maid, ivas married. That grocer lad was a lucky fellow, I think, to get for his wife a faith- ful lass like Lena. I never paid money more willingly away than I paid that fifty pounds, and to his honour be it told, Joss himself added another fifty to it. Lena has always a smile for me when I go past ber cottage door, and more than once she has shown mo a wee, curly-headed boy, holding it up in her arms to be admired, and saying, " Isn't it just like George, sir V I don't think there is much else worth re- cording, so I returned to Jocelyn. WV were all there at the station to meet him, and we all wanted to Bhakc hdnds with bim or hug him at one and the same time. Joss had to walk out of the station bare- headed, because my Hurricane Bob had seized him and run off with his bat, a way of showing his respect for his master's best friends that the noble dog never missed a chance of putting into practice. v " I declare to you, Joss," I said as soon as we got scated in the brougham, I never saw you looking stronger, younger, or boonier." "Oh, I feel splendid," said Joss, modestly. " Now come, mon ami, trot out your cigar case." " Now," he added, lighting up and leaning back in the carriage, while Molly cuddled close to his broad chest. " Now, Gordon, I coufess to you that I do feel the truth of the dear old son c. I ' There IB DO place like home 1' " Ah ! and right well did my friend know ' that at the Jangle he waa realty and tritely at home, so no wonder he sighed a sigh of satisfactionand relief when thc carriage drew upat lliegatcundweall began todisembark. Yes, we spent a downright happy time, and weeks on weeks of it too, till spring merged into summer, and the Jungle gardens were radiant with the roses of June. " What do you think," said Jocelyn, one day as we sat at our early breakfast. The dogs were there, and the cats ami the parrot, and the postman had just brought the j letter-bag, but the chidren had not yet come down. I " What do you think, Gordon ?" "Something very nice I know from the smiles that are playing ' follow-yonr- leadcr' across that sun-burned face of yours." " Well, I daresay it b rather nice. At least, it isn't anything very dreadful you know." "Out with it then, Joss; don't keep a fellow in suspense." " >? " Well, we are all going down to Chichester. I love the dear, old town. There are splendid walks all about-and-and I may be able to find some bits suitable fora picture." I laughed so heartily that the eups and saucers rattled on the table. "Oh, you sly old dog, Joss. Shall I tell you what other attraction there is ?" "Yes, do." " Well, Lily Andrews is on a visit at her aunt's and sister's I" " Who could have told you ?" " I guessed it from your face. Nay, never look so sby, as tho song says ; but you are perfectly right, and we shall start to-morrow. " " Hurrah !" cried Joss. Then he ate a breakfast that a man-o'-war sailor could hardly have stowed away. Well, we did all go down to Chichester Joss and I, the children ; Hurricane Bob and Wasp. Three pairs of us it will be noted, and wandering along the lanes or through tho woods, it would have been difficult to say which pair managed to secure the greatest amount of enjoyment. But shortly after our arrival at Chichester a fourth pair joined us in our rambles. Thte was composed of Lily herself-who with ber somewhat chastened beauty, looked, Ithought, more interesting than ever, and lier second Bister. I left Jose as much as possible with Lily, while I walked on with tho rest. But we lost thc pair one afternoon al- together, and gloaming shadows were already creeping down over the sweet summer woods ere we found them again. They were seated together on the rustic bench on which they had sat years and years ago, wheo Jocelyn made that pledge be bad so faithfully kept, to be Lily's adopted brother. Major Jocelyn Lloyd stood up at once, and advanced to meet us. No shyness now. There was the man and soldier in his every look and bearing. He beld Lily by the hand. " Gordon," he said, " my more than friend, you must be Lily's brother now, for I am going to be her husband." 1 hon Lily drew thc children towards her, Molly Lloyd and her own mountain daisy, Jocelina. fcsho kissed them both, while tears stood in her eyes. "You are sisters now, darlings, sisters now and ever." So ends the story of my dearest friend, Major Jocelyn Lloyd. Happiness had come at last, and with it calm, and peace, and sympathy. TJIE END. 