corYRinnT. CHAÏTEBI.-THU KETORN OF THE NATIVE. When thc train rumbled slowly into tl little station nf Orsdeu Grccu the only pg Benger that slighted was a stranger to tl pompous, red-faced, thick-girthed litt station-master, standing; on the platform, ai the poor-looking, attenuated porter who w hovering about thc white gate leading fro the platform to collect tickets if any wi forth couiiug. As he stepped out of the carriage tl solitary passenger glanced around bim wi the air of one unaccustomed to tho plac stared at the new red brick station- house in quietly curious way, regarded the purs uniformed official as if he were h ilf inclim to venture some inquiries, and then seeing tl waiting, would-be collector ot tickets, and tl open gate, walked «lowly towards thei drawing his voucher from his waistcoat as I «ont forward. " How far is tho village of Orsden Grci from here 1" thc man queried, as he hand* his railway ticket to the porter. " About a mile, sir, the long-Ieggc anomic-looking railway servant auswen readily. "When you get to thc high rua turn to the left and you can't miss ft if you i right on. You are a stranger about thc 'ere parts, sir T" " You are right, my man. I'm a stranger the traveller returned, with the ghost ot repressed smile flickering for au instant abo the corners of his eyes. "1 suppose no there will be no place in the village where 01 could put up for a day or two." "There'sonly the Black Boor, sir ; hut bo the landlord end his wife are nico folk, an' daresay they'd make you comfortable. Au way, if you was thinkin' of stoppin' you migl see, sir. " Thank you, I will. Very warm isn't il Here's a drink. Good afternoon, my mao." " 1 hanks. Good day, sir ; turn to the Iel mind." Passing through the open gate the strang went along the downward slope of smoo cinders, and in a feivi/noments was standing I he country laue over which the railway ra Without pausing the man set. out at a rap pace to thc left, went beneath the stone arel way, and passing a newly white-washed fart stead gave a hearty " Fine afternoon, M Brodrick," to a burly, gray-boarded farm er I met coming out of the farm yard. The farmer stared hard at the strange grunted back some indistinct response, at then turned to follow the other with his eye But the man who had come hy train to tl small station at Orsden Green trudged on i stolid unconcern, drawing an old briar fro his vest pocket, ramming down the dust en tobacco with a thick, brown finger, and soc big paffs of pungent smoke-wreaths wei rising from his lips to eddy and melt away c the summer air. The stolid wayfarer was a oommon-enouf looking individual. He seemed to be aboi five-aud-fifty years of age, was of mediui height and goodish build, with blun intelligent features, whitish hair, and ¡roi gray beard. He had fine eyesof grayish-blm and they were keenaud clearas those of a ma in his twenties ; and his garments and genen bearing were auch as one might expect to fin in a respectable member of the workin classes. Still smoking stolidly, and trudgin measuredly, the pedestrian _ oame to th summit of a gentle brow up which he had bee pacing. Here he paused, drew out a re cotton handkerchief, removed his softfelt hal and mopped his perspiring countenance. Tben his eyes swept the whole of th surrounding countryside, and the altered loo! in the depths of those gray-blue eyes bi tokened some regret and muon quiet enjoy meut. He appeared at that moment as a ma might be expected to look when at length after yeats of dreaming, the Land of Promis lay before his eyes. The view upon which the stranger na easing was a somewhat fair one to find in th heart ef Lancashire, within a score of miles c the greatest seaport in tho world, and abou a similar distance from the capital of Cotton Before the mau, as he pauBed there, please, and perspiring, the white dusty highwa; stretched away in a gentle declivity, betweei tall, straggling, blossom-laden hedgerows behind which were pleasant expanses o cultivated fields. A quarter of a mile away where the road vanished from hie sight, koot of scattered houses marked the centre of th village of Orsden Green, and the square lowe of gray-brown stone, rising high above tbi tallest chimneys in the place, denoted tbi whereabouts of the sacred ground whereii " tho rude fore-fathers of the hamlet" slept it peace. To the east of the village the green landi swept upward for half a mile or more, slow)) at first, then sharply, till the crest of th( Bispham bills was reached. Almost on tl» top of the green ridge a white farm house stood out clearly ; and thc great sails of the slowly revolving windmill were vividlv silhouetted against the blue of the summet skies, and could be seen distinctly in Coleclough, the nearest town, which was J just five miles away. On the highest point of the undulating sweep of green upland a low, roughly- con- structed pue of unhewn stones indicated the site of the old Bispham Becon, whereon, in days long fled, watch fires had flared forth when danger had threatened the land. The whole of the country side lying on the western side af Orsden Green was flat and only commonly interesting. There were many fields and a few farm houses, a ground lane or two, and paths across the wheat- field and grass lands, and here and there a clump of trees. Orsden Moss and Orsden Hall were close by the village. The former was a barren stretch of turfy moor npon which nothing . grew save rushes, marsh marigolds, and ahuudred other vagabond plants, oneless to the hunhandinan. IN ow and again, in past years, ineffectual attempts at cultivation had been mud,:, und iu times more remote still the j moss lind supplied thc villagers with peat for M heir coil ncc fires. ! Othdcn Hall was situated on the edge of thc mosB, were thc (¡round rose somewhat lund thc soil was better. It was a tumble I doun altair now, but had been a residence of some pretensions, and consequence when a few of thc Orsden Green folks wore ladB and lasses. There were clumps of treeB about the house, a big, rambling old orchard behind it, a neglected lawn aod flower patches in front, and thc whole nae surrounded by a tall, ragged, untrimmed hedge of hawthorn and hazel, over and about which the fragrant, yellow blossomed honeysuckle and the white chaliced bindweed clambered still and flourished in their seasons. Standing there on the summit of the high- road thu upper windows of the Hall were just visible to thc resting and reconnoitring way- farer, and as his keen gray eyes swept over them far an instant a most forbidding scowl blackened his countenance. Then his gaze was hurriedly withdrawn, and flashing east- ward to thc foot of the green shelving upland rested upon thc only really black spot in that wide expanse of summery greenness. This was the Orsden Green Colliery ; but one might have peered about in vain for the towering head-gear of heavy baulks of timber that usually guards t neon trance loa raine. The colliery was worked by means of a tunnel, or "day- eye," driven under the tange of hills, and for twenty ar thirty years had furnished more or less-generally lesa employment to the male portion of the villagers. The wayfarer's eyes rested on the engine house, office, heaps of coal and dirt, the tram- line running northward to the railway siding, with a look of recognition in them. It was evident he knew the old-fashioned, antiquated oolliery, and it was evident, also, that tho recollection revived no bad memories such as those thc sight of thc Hall had recalled. " Just thc same old spot that I have carried with mo all theso years !" the man murmured to himself as ho pursued his way villagcwards. 11 Kot a Bingle thing seems to have changed. There's not a new house addud to those I recollect-not one of them missing. Hut what of the folk who lived in tho cottages when I went, away? Are they uuchauged loo? Aud is that iniacrable- iuturcd, fliuty-souled old scoundrel still alive and ut the Hall ? Well, well, I shall learn soon enough now. Aud the others ? What has become of them Matthew, Luke, and poor Judith ?" Thc man s voice trembled just a little as thoso names fell slowly une after thc other from his tongue, and a generous moisture aathered iu his sharp oyes. The Bight of the Eeaceful-looking village bad sent his thoughts ack with a rush to thc incidents and hap- penings of many years before-the little delights and petty annoyances which then made np the sum of Iiis life, and thc one foolish adventure which had driven him, out- lawed and outcast, abroad. And now he was back again in the green, sleepy village wherein he first drew the breath of life, and the ban which had been placed on him in early manhood hung over him «till, now that he had topped the hill of life and was slowly and gracefully sliding towards the black gulf named of men Death. But thoughts of tho ban gave our friend no deep concern.. If thc face of the land had changed imperceptibly, he knew that he might expect changes in thoso who had known him in Iiis youthful dayB. Of ull those whom he had left behind, und remembered still, how many were in the laud of the living now? Not many, he felt assured ; aud if a few remained, would they be able to recall his name even, much less recognise him ? Thinking of these things, the man went down thc falliug highroad, and when thc first cottage was at hand he came face to face with the drat of the villagers. He knew that cottage well, aud paused a score of yards away to take stock of it again. It was a low house of stone, and stood by itself, with a strip of garden surrounded by a closely-trimmed hodge of privet, in which was set a small white wicket. Then he noticed a tall, girlish figure at the little gate, and he resumed his walk. The girl was at the wicket still when he approached. Somehow the pedestrian wea minded to speak to the village maiden, and when he was opposite her he drew up, and with a clumsy attempt at civility, half raised his hat, saying : " You must excuse me, my girl, but isn't thia Orsden Green ?" " It is, sir," the girl said, readily. " And where is thc Black Boar ?" " Just a few strides further on. You can't miss it, for there's a big drinking trough for the horses before the door," " Thank you very much I" He lifted one foot to take himself away when another thought stayed his progress. " You will excuse me," be said akwardly, " but perhaps yon can tell me if anyone of the name of Shelvocke lives in the village." "Skelvockc!" she cried, and her eyes sparkled, her lips parted with a smile. " Yes, sir ; lhere are several in the village. I, my- self, am one of them 1" "You?" His eyes lit up with a new, a sudden interest, and he regarded the budding specimen of womanhood critically. She was dark-haired, darkcyed, and olive- skinned, had good fea- tures and atall, graceful, well-developed ligure, for one of seventeen. In a few years she would be a beauty of the dark, imperious type. While he regarded her he was speaking. "The Shelvocke I had in my mind, miss," he said slowly, " was a man of the name of Aaron-Aaron Shelvocke. Perhaps you wouldn't know bim. He was a mate of my own once, but that was some twenty-five or thirty years since." . " Oh, he's been dead ever so long," Miss Shelvocke answered lightly, as she ran a brown lissom hind along the sheaf of dusty tresses hanging down her back. " Dead I Well, well 1 I thought Td look him up as I was passing this «ray, miss. Surely be wasn't related to you in any way, was he?" " I believe he was, sir," she replied. " Of course I never knew him, but I have heard my father talk about him. Uncle Aaron was a bit wild, as you must know, if he noa a friond of yours ; and when he went away to to Australia'or New Zealand they never heard from him afterwards." " But how did they get to know that Aaron was dead ?" " Somebody brought the news of his death. He was killed, I believe, by somebody at the gold diggings." " Poor old Aaron I Poor old Aaron I" the man said sympathetically. "To think that I should only think of looking you np after all these years to find you dead-dead and buried in a foreign country. And so he was killed at the gold diggings ? Well, well ; Aaron always was a wild, roving sort of chap. But I was fond of him for all that. Your Uncle Aaron wasn't a bad sort, my girl 1" " Perhaps not, .but he got a bad name, didn't he r " Nothing worse than poaching I Nothing worse than that I" thc stranger exclaimed warmly. " And so your father was one of my oldfriend's brothers, was he ? Now, which of them, miss, for I believe there were two or three brothers ?" "My father's name ls Luke Shelvocke," the girl answered, not without some pride ; "and he is, or was, the underlooker, and manager as well, of the Orsden Green Colliery over there." " I don't remember him ; but I am glad to hear that one of poor Aaron's relatives is alive. And so, Miss Shelvocke, I understand that your father isn't the manager of thc old colliery now ?" " No, sir 1" And a faint frown flickered across the girl's strong and darkly handsome face. " Retired, I daresay, through ago ?" " Oh, no 1 The colliery is stopped for good, and folks are saying it will never he re-opened again." " Indeed I How's that ?" " The people who owned it-the Vanshaws -have all gone to wreck and ruin, and the whole of tho plaee is to bc sold up. Tbat is the reason, sir ; and I believe the sale is to take place on Monday next." " How sad 1 How sad, to be sore I" the man muttered commiseratingly, and the girl whose eyes were on the speaker wondered how it was that the look on his face was entirely out of acoord with the tones in which he spoke, " That will bc a bad job for all the villagers, I suppose ?" he said. " It will, sir ; but I for one shall be glad to get away from this dull place 1" " Is your father thinking of moving then ?" " He hasn't said so yet, but I hope he will. Why should he stay herc when there is no further work for him ?" "Just so. I daresay he is in tho house now." " Oh, no ; lie is at the colliery, where they aro paying off all the workpeople for the last time. I must be off now to get his dinner ready or I shall catch it. Good afternoon, sir." She half turned from the gate. " Ono moment, my girl," he cried. " Tell your father, will you, that an old friend of his brother's was inquiring about Aaron. I may soe him before I go away, as I iutend to stay in the village for a day or two. I shall put up at the Black Boar, don't you call it ?-if I can get no other place," I " Shall I give bim your name ?" she queried, with her fine black eyes fixed full on his own gray ones. "Of courts, I quite forgot. Say Mr. Brown -Mr. Israel Brown, of Preston-wat asking about his brother Aaron." She nodded her bare, dusky head quickly, he nodded more gravely, and then they parted ; she msde her way la household affairs, he went thoughtfully towards the village inn. "A bonny wench that, and a smart one, too !" he murmured to himself as ho went along. " And so Luke is alive and kioking yet. I wonder if he is as misoraby aud religious as he.'used to be Î And thoseothers, Shelvockes, the wench spoko of! Who are they 1 Very likely some of the children of Matthew and Judith. Well, well 1" {To ie continued.) 