NEEDLES:: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." The old soldiers to be entertained. ; ' St. Peter's Cathedral festival services. Mr. H. Hart seriously hurt at Millicent. The work of helping the poor proceeding. - Beard to be hanged on Saturday, July 10. Intercolonial lacrosse in Melbourne to-day. : A specific at length found for the tick fever. . Mir. L. A Wells arrived in Perth on Priday. An attempted suicide at the railway-station. Queen's Jubilee Drive at the National Parle. Good news from Queensland about the tick fever. A good bore of water found on the Nullabor Plain. A half-caste had a narrow escape from Beard. ' . Promotion by merit in the Police Porce in future. x A good supply of water at the 'Nullabor Plains. The Court of Disputed Returns sat on Priday. Jack Virgo will be back, in Adelaide on Monday. The Island Lake Austin's battery Working splendidly. _A_ day with the commissioners of the National Park. The police will have to be quite a learned force in the future. The State Children's Council want some drastic legislation passed. , _ Three old and meritorious sergeants have re tired from the Police Porce. Savings Bank deposits during June were £735 less than the repayments. Sullivan's "TeDeum" is to be sung at the Cathedral again to-morrow afternoon. ' The State Children's Council thinks the mania for bicycle riding makes children steal. The State Children's Council wants the police to clear the streets of all children after dusk. A full orchestra will accompany the after noon service* at- St. Peter's" Cathedral to When little Evangeline goes, round to the "pub" to bring " father, dear father" home the police will snap her up for being out after dusk. Pity the poor bobby! The S.C.C. says he must arrest all children in the street after "dusk, and. Mr. Wood wants him to arrest all men who are " loitering." 1 Gleanings of Hujiob. Reality is the: taelc that punctures the pneumatic architecture of hope. The man who is really doing a great work is seldom conscious of the size of the job. Portune's ladder has no top. No man ever stopped climbing for want of another rung. Mis. Isaacstein (engaging servant)— "Ihope' you haven't a young man?" Bridget—"Oh, no mum, he's nearly fifty 1" Maud—"Miriam is trying to keep her' en gagement a secret." Martha—" How do you know ?" "She fold me so." - : , Visitor—" Is your father as old as he looks?" Son (whose father is an.alderman)—"I don't know, but I'm sure he isn't as big as he feels." Bertha—"What is the height of your am bition, dear?" . ''Marie (blushing)'— "Oh, something between five, and a half and six feet.". .;■■ /, ,.V' " Do yoii think you could learn' to love me, 'Maud?" "I don't know, George,"' she answered softly: "I might. I learnt German once." ; ' Dyer—" Vonr wife, bought these cigars, didn't she, Shaw?" Shaw—"Yes. How did' you gues3 it?" Dyer—"They're in such a pretty box." r : Cuttan Thrust—"That young Dumleigh has got more money than sense." Dulham Bluntly —" I didn't know he was rich." Cuttan Thrust —"Ho isn't." . . Ethel—"They-say that Blanche is to marry a man old enough to be her grandfather." Plorence—"Why, everybody knows there is no such man." " . O'Hoggarty—" How is poor Duffy comin' • on- now?"- McLubberty—"It's nearly re covered he is from the b'atin' he gev his woife last Satherday noight.". He—"If we should decide' to elope to morrow night do you. think you could get your trunk packed in. time?" She—-"Oh, yes; pa and ma would help me !" • Willie—"It's always in damp places where mushrooms ; grow, isn't it, papa?" Papa,—; " Ye3, my boy." Willie—"Is that the reason they look like umbrellas, papa ?" Bridegroom (wealthy)—"I wonder, dear, how you came to marry an ordinary fellow like me?" Bride—"I haven'.tthe least idea. Mamma managed the whole affair." Flippant Cockney (to countryman)—" Are there many fools in this part of the world; my lad?" Yokel—"Not as 'I knows 'on, zur. Why, d'yer feel a bit lonesome like ?" _ Emily—" I am so ,unhappy. I begin to see that Arthur married me for my money." , Her dearest friend—" Well, you have the comfort of knowing , that he is not as simple as be looks." "Did Cynicus encourage you to send in your .picturo?".asked the artist's.friend. "Yes. He intimated that it ought to be'"exhibited." "What did he say?" "He said it was a sight." " Conductor—"Did 'you see the man with the' child?3 Driver—"No.33 Conductor— "He3s the proudest father I ever met. Insisted on paying full fare for the six-months old boy.33 ! : ' Mrs. Mann (meeting her "former servant)— " Ah, Mary, I suppose yon are getting better wages at your new place?3 Mary—"No, ma'am. I'm working for nothing now; I3m married.33 Haskell—"What3s Bobby crying for ;33 Mrs. Haskell—"Oh ! the poor boy caught his finger •. Haskell—"ffml he in the .pantry door, evidently didn3t get, the jam he was looking for that time.33 , Mother (examining the proof of her small soh3s photograph)—"Johnny, why didn3tyou smile ?33 Johnny (aged six years, with an in jured air)—"I did, mother, but the man didtft put it down,33 . v Edith—''He told .me I was so. interesting and so beautiful.33 " Julia—" And yet you will trust yourself for life with a man who begins deceiving' you even at thh commencement .of his courtship !" , : . "Grandpa, how old are you?33 "I am S7 years old, my little dear." " Then you were born'80years before I was!33 ''Yes, my little girl.33 " What a long time you had alone waiting for me.33 ' . I Judge—"Have you anything to say before the courtjpasses sentence upon you ?3 Pri soner —" "Well, all I got to say is, I hope yer honor'll consider the extreme youth of my lawyer, an3 let me off easy.33 No matter how strongly a man pretends that ho doesnV believe in. ghosts it maybe doubted if 'he ever goes by a churchyard at midnight without feeling as.if something were going to grab hiih from behind. AY enetian who had never travelled save by gondola on visiting a friend in the city was placed on a balky horse. He took out his handkerchief, held it up, and exclaimed—"No wonder. The wind is against him.33 " Won3tyou take this seat ?" said the gentle man in the tramcar rising and lifting his hat. " No, thank you,33 said the girl with the skates over her arm ; " I3ve been skating at the lee Palace and I3m tired of sitting down.33 Husband—" I have" mada_ all sorts of sacri fices for you. Now, what did you ever give up forme?3 Wife—"What did I ever give up for you.?.'. Well, I never! Why, I gave up half a dozen of the nicest young men in town. " As you say my daughter is willing to marry you, I must tell you a secret. . There 'is mad ness in our family.33 "Indeed! You alarm me ! What is your "daughter's mania.?33 " Her mania, sir, consists in her willingness to marty yon!" . ... . • . . She — "Major Pommelwell /wears three medals., I wonder why they , were given him ?33 . He—"He got the third because he had the other two, the • second because he had the first, and the first because ho had none at all." ■■' .-. ... "Where,33 said the auctioneer,- addressing an audience of possible, purchasers,, "where else on the face of the globe; wjll yob find " in one place copper, tin, iron, cotton, hemp, grain, game-—" And a. voice from the crowd replied—"In the pocket of my youngest son !33 . : ..- . '■ ■> "There is no doubt," said Mr. Meekton, "that the bicycle has done much to promote the happiness of mankind.33 . "In what way ?3 "It makes peopln more sympathetic. . It was' not until she had a bicyole that" my wife ever expressed any sympathy with me when I lost a collar button.'3 He—"Isuppose your thoughts' were all on your new bonnet during the lecture last even ing?" 'She—"No, indeed, they were not.33 He—"I don3t believe you can repeat any thing that was said during the whole address." She —" Yes, I can, too. I heard a lady behind me say—'Isn3t it pretty ?3 33 , German Corporal (to soldier)—" Why is the blade of the sabre curved instead of straight?3 Private—"It is curved in order to give more force to the blow.33 "Humbug ! The sabre is curved so as to fit the scabbard. If it were straight how would you get it into the crooked scabbard, blockhead i" Daisy—''Ob, Dolly. I have-had such a nasty, spiteful,' anonymous letter I'3 Dolly— "Whom was it from?" Daisy—"I don3t know; can you guess?; The wicked- creature says I am a vain, silly, frivolous, chattering, over-dressed; empty- headed flirt.33 ' Dolly—"I really can31 imagine ; ■ hiit. (reflecting) I think it must he some one who knows you quite well, dearest." '. ■... ' A victim of omnibus pickpockets determined to get even with them, so lie put into his pocket a pocket-book containing only a slip of paper, on which were written the words—" This time, you rascal. you3ve lost the reward of'your, labor He got into the Same omnibus and waited, resolved to have the first -pickpocket that meddled w i th hi m arret ted. Twenty m inutes passed and nothing happened, and, -tired of waiting, he got out,: .having assured himself that his pocket-book was safe. He' opened it, and in the place of a white piece of paper was a blue one, which he unfolded and -read as follows—" What a «ly joker you are I33 