ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. There was an unusually large congregation at this church on Sunday evening when the Bev Dr Stace; Chapman prea&ed; from Hebrews IL i—"God also bearing them witness both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost." The first thing dwelt on was the promise of the Lord Jesus Christ that His disciples should be able to work results which would be impossible tomerely human powers. He (Jesus) said, forexample, These signs shall follow them that believe: In My name 'they shall east out devils: they shall speak with new tongues; they shall take up serpents; and if they shall drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on tbe sick and they shall recover." He also gave them some indication of the time when His promise should he fulfilled. In the interval the apostles and their adherents obeyed their Lord's injunction, and while they still continued in one place with one accord in prayer and supplication there came a S9und from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost. So went they forth and preached, and on that Sunday there were added to i the church 3000 souls. Dr Chapman then insisted with much urgency that the apostolic preaching on the day o Pentecost, taken, as it must be, together with its results, was as great a miracle as even the greatest of the li wonders and signs" which were wrought afterwards. These twelve men—not scholars, not poets, not demagogues, not even professional patriots —carried all before them. And di When.' Not when they had a sympathetic audience eager tohear abuse of those who had no power to reply—not when they had an andicnce disposed to kindly agreement with orators who flattered them, bat while they accused the veiy men who listened tothem of their participation in the most atrocious crime that had ever stained with its blood this blood-stained earth 1 Yet tbe effect was what I have described- And for the effect to be snob—namely, the vanquishing of inveterate prejudice, the carrying of penetcntial conviction to thousands of hearts, the inspiring of faith, the complete and lasting conversion of so various a multitude that did not wanttobe converted, and all whose earthly interests were imperilled by their conversion. All that I am sure you will permit me to call as great a miracle as any of those which are more commonly called so." The preacher then referred to Our Lord's own appeal to His works as His credentials. " If ye believe not me believe the works." Archbishop Whately, Chrysostom, Dante, were all laid under contribution to illustrate the successive steps of the preacher's reasoning, and in concluding he made impressive use of the solo which bad been £0 admirably sung earlier in the service—Tennyson's "Too Late." " We shall all believe some day," said Dr Chapman; " yes, all of us. We shall all believe some day. God grant that it be not too late! The song was the better sermon of tbe two, and I say again, let your faith be not * too late.' During the course of the service Miss B. P. Kerr, of South Mclbpurne, sang (Tennyson's -'Toolate," and interpreted the beautifnl composition perfectly. Mr A. M. Perkin presided at the organ with his customary ability. 