A GREAT 'WRONG: OR, THE MYSTERY OF BLAC.K ROL. "tW GRAINGE, CIIAFTER VI.-C-onraNm . "He insulted me and I stabbed him," she explained, as she turned toward the new. comer-"not seri ve:ly, h,,wcverr,as I struck him in the sho:,lIer. I think he has fainted I" "No, I haven't," growlel the wounded man, getting on h's f, t aian : 'h but you're given me an ng!y wound, and it'd hare your life for it." "Stand back, sir," thundered the other man, his tall hal toewring aive them. "If the wound was in y-ur c'area. heart,'twould serve you right. low arn you insult a woman " Then tarning te,.r.el Lenere, he removed his Highland cap. and sit : "I beg your ip-rltm, ma larm. If there is any .n.e!tanee I can render you. I am at your service." Something in tPie king!y form and massive brow. an I in the ,lncrer.nial v,,ice, in'pired the cill with a feeling of runfidtene. •'If you plas', sir. pet me in the right way to Piedmont Station," ;she said, quietly. "Ce'rtainly; this way, if you please; Pied. mont its to our left;" he replied, bowing low be1":e her. as be aided, "Allow me to guide youn thither." Hie tarted on, and, without a word, Miss Trevethan calked by his side, leaving her wounded Y'ntmirrr stoding in the moonlit path. His dark face grew fearfully threaten. ing as he gazed after her. "An eve for an eye. a tooth for a tooth, a blow far a blow-that's my code," he mat tered, his teeth set. "I'd know you in Hades, with ounr clittering eyes and yellowhair,my termgennt, atn Ill hunt creation orer, buh I'll find rot and settle this score." L. anwe'ile Miss Trevrthon accompanied her guide, until the lights o! Piedmont twinkled through the gloom. He had not asked her a single ques:ion relative to her strange position. lie merely gave her that courteous care which every true man owesto an rnprtectel w.iman, and the girl's heart atekn's?.tltel this eiiralrous kindness with a tnill of admirnng nterest se?n as other man had over awakened. "I see the train justcoming," he remarked, asthey reaehel the platform. "We are just in time. Are you going far ?" "Only to the next station, itr.' "If you are at all afraid, and would like me tndo so, I will cheerfully acompanyyon to your jonrney's end." Lenore smiled up at him, and put out her slim, whi;e hand, its diamonds and emeralds flashing in the light. " I thank you sincerely,sir, but there is no necessity. I shall he quite safe, now, and I will not trespass upon your kindness any farther. You have done me a great service, and I am gratefual." He took the soft hand and bowed his hand. some head over it. " Oh, you are more than welcome I I only wish I could further oblige you." The train came steaming up. "Yon are sure," he continued, "there is nothing more I can do for you ?" "Nothing, sir, thant you, unless you will tell me the name of the man who does not hesitate to pay due deference to a lady, eren if her position chances to be question. able." The towering head was bared again, and oowed before her. " My name is Ambrose Gerhart." "I shall not forget it, nor the service yon nare done me," she replied, as he asvited her on board the train. The carriage door closed, the engine ut tered a shriek, and flew on again; butstand ing in the moonlight, Ambrose saw the fair face and radiant eyes from'the window, and once more lifted his cap. "She is some princess in disanise," he murmured. "A lady one can see at a glanceand as lovely as one dreams the angels are I There are no such women as she in my world i I wonder if I shall ever see her ain I" lIe sighed as the red light on the rear of the flying train faded in the distance, and the next moment broke into a laugh at his own tufolle. " What a fool I am," be muttered, "not to be content with what I've got I If one has the glow.worms, why should one pine for the stars? Ah, well, I won't stand here and dream; my good mother's oat-cakes will all spoil with waiting, and the lambs and kids are to be folded yet." He drew his HIighland cap overhis cluster nglocks and strode on at a rapid pace. At the extreme edge of the Black Hollow, snow the manor,he saw a strange figure ad. rancing toward him in the moonlight-the Igere of an old man, bent and stooping,with oead and beard like snow. " Who comes now " thought Ambrose. 'Nosach character as that inhabits these aerts. Who can hebe l" " Hello I good father Ihe exclaimed aloand, which way are yon faring I" The old ficure paused, and turned on Ambrose a face that looked strikingly youth fal in contrast withhis snowy locks. "I, sir? Where am I going? Why, back to Moreton IIouse, to be sure I Did they send you to hurry me? rre overstayed my time, I confess." "No, sir, no one has sent for yonu I I merely asked which way yon were going ; you look as if yon might be a stranger here. aboutl." The old man stroked his rippling white oeard, and laughed a soft, musical laugh. "Do 17 Ah, well, I suppose I am a stranger; this is an odd world,and it puzzles me. Yes, yes, I'm a stranger. I've been stopping at the old manor yonder." " What? The haunted manor?" "The haunted manor, sir, making the ghosts a visit. I'm not afraid of them." "And what may your name be, sir? if you'll allow me to ash.' " 3fy name, young esir Well, they call me King Lear at the Moreton House, and thtt'lldo for you. I had another name once, hbut no matter. When the time comes you shall hear it. Some folkas call me a lunatle; do you think I look like one " "I think ynou look like a gentleman. I should tahe you for one of the old lords that used to live up yondler." "Wohtldyou, nuwl Hatal ahal What an obserrving young man you are. And your face. Heaven bless me, wherehare I seen you before I" "I think this is our fIrt meeting, King Lear." " Will you smile again, if you please, young man 1" Ambrose showed all his white teeth. "' Good heavens, what a likeness II never saw such a likeness. The very smile, and a clear-ct, manly face. Young sir, will you tell me your name ?" "Amhroe Gerhatrt, sir." "And you live in these parts I" "In the conttage below there. Suppose you go down with me; the night is advanced,and I must hurry on, or my good mother's oat ca-re will spoil with waiting." "Nay, thanking you all the same, bnt I must hurry on. I am going back to the Moreton Hose, and I'vere orstayed my time nowr. I only run down once in awhile to lAk after the old uhose. It is going to ruin s'rrlly, and it breaks my heart to see it. But as soon as I get affTairs untangled, and secure the ruinu aoaio, and between us young man, Sses a ool to let them alio. I'll hold fast and then I shall hare the Grange reparred anl thrown open for visitors. I shall be glad to see you. MIr. Gerhart, for I'm particta iarlystruck with your face. No doubt you're heard of the Trevethons I" "Oh, yes, sir; I're seen fir Geoffrey Tre rethon I" : Indeed I IMay I ask when and where!" "At Lvndith Hall, where he now lives." "Sir Gefri-ey Treretdon Mr, Gerhart, are you sere you saw dim 1" " I am indeed." "Sir Geoffrey I We!l, bless mysoul, this is an odd world I You saw 8ir Geoffrey rereethon at Lyndrth Hall l" Ambrose smiled at what he believed to bo a madman's vagaries "I certainly Esaw him at Lyndith Hul. About two years ago I went across with a Iruve ,f cattle, and I saw Sir Geoffrey, and a very pleasant and hospitable gentleman he "No doubt. IHa I ha I ha I the best joke f the season that. I really think, Mr. Oer. nart, we shall be compelled to have pru at IMoreton House. You surely belong there. But, bless my soul, I must hurry on I Good nilght. I shalll look to see pou when I open the Grange." " .'el," mused Ambrose, watching him a no disoppeared, "the hst wonder is greater than hrB frst. Who can he bhe mad mso, a! course; hbat he has the tit of a Thie demand for Australian hard wood for paving purposes in England is increasing, GHAPTER VII. AY EYBARASSIINO nECOONITIO.N. Miss Trevethon sit in the breakfast parlor s of the Highland Inn, on the morning follow ing her wild alorenture, a trifle pale, a little 1 more subdued on I thoughtful than was n her wont, but imperially calm and eclf-con. L tained. r She was dressed in a morningrobe of crisp a !moslin, with an uncut book in her fair hand. and her eyes beat upon the blue peaks that lay beyond the open window. Sir Geoffrey, fresh and genial after his day at deer.stalking came in. "Lenore, my lear, how fresh and fair you look. This highland air agrees with you. 'at c by your book a minute, please; I come with r news for you. "News again, sir Geoffrey I Pray, what is it this time ?" "Ne's egain, my dear-the best of newsn and, as you dislike guessing, I'll reveal it at once. fMyson, Richmond, reached the lodge last night.' For one swift instant Miss Trevethon'o L imperial calm was disturbedl. S::e started swightly and bit her lips. The utcse of th return of her betrothed was not at all wel. come. But in the next breath she was her n queenly self again=. "tie has come at last, then," she re. spended. B 'At last," Sir Geoffrey continued. " He arrived at Lyndith thll only a day or two a after our departure, anl came on at once to join us, but, unfortunately, lost his way, and last night he tnet with an accident. "An accident?' n " Yes; but pray do not be alarmed, my dean; there is nothing serious." Miss Trevethon's laugh was by no means G flattering to the baronet. '"Dear me, Sir Geoffrey, I am not at all u alarmed," she answered, lightly; "and, beg- a ging your pardon, not much concerned. But what was the nature of the accident, anti bow did it happen " t Sir Geoffrey's brow contracted in an omi- d nous frown, but he answered, quite plea. santly : " He was attacked on the highway, and he received a wound in the shouller, not seri- r ons, as I said, but quite painful ; and as he shows some disposition to fever, the pity- t sician enjoins entire quietude, for a day or y two at least. Naturally, my dear, he is quite b impatient to see you, and, fearing he may g rebel against orders, I am here to beg that h you will do me the favor to walk over to the lodge." The young lady arches her haughty brows. "You want me to go and see Richmond? That's what you mean, isn't it,Sir Geoffrey?" she questions. SPrecisely, my dear." d " Well, I'm sorry to disoblige you, but it since the young man has been so very tardy about his return from abroad, I must beg s' leave to decline the honor of rrnning down I to welcome him. If there is dangerofdeath a I'll go, otherwise we can await his reco. r very." She rises and walks over to the window t with the air of a born queen. Her guardian's n eyes follow her with a look that leads one lI to think that under the velvet glove he wears a :i the iron nand, strong and merciless when the occasion requires. But he answers pleasantly: "As you will, my dear; but the poor fellow t will be disappointed." 5 "He won't break his heart, Sir Geoffrey," g she replies. She watches the blue hills with weary v eyes as he leaves the room, her thoughts a going back to the old manor and to her ad- t rentures of yesterday, and, for the first time in her ife, she shudders with disgust at the f thought of her formal marriage with this long absent Richmond. "At last l" she murmored, "at last I He a is here, and my freedom will soon end, I wish to Heaven I were dead, and lying in the ilack Hollow by my poor mother's b side." Two days went by before the baronet's f son was able to leave his room, so painful were the effects of his wound; and in all b that time Miss Trevethon did not once visit the lodge. Lady Halstead tried persuasions and severe words, but the yoonig laty was not to be moved. Go to see her future hus band she would not; but the tiny ring, the symbol of their childish marriage, still hung in her bosom, and shehad no thought of dis- d obeying her father's will. On the third day theyoung man received t permision to go out; and, as may be imag. b Ined, Ius friet visit was to his cousin. Clotilde announced Geoffrey and his son, c and then directly withdrew. With high.bred composure, but with a 1, secret flutter at her heart, Miss Trevethon arose to receive her bridegroom. ' My dear Lencre, here he is at last,"cried t the baronet, "this laggard lover of yours,and t Ionly hope you'll give him hisdeserts, Come, onu do not nusd to be introduced" I miss Irevetocn nows, anqloe young man n advances ; then both stand?dtd stare for a few moments in petrified amazement. " Heavens above I" ejaculates Richmond, a at last breaking the embarrassing silence, a curious expresseion crossing his swarthy face. Lenore says nothing, but her eyes darken, and her red lips settle in a determined line. " Well, my dears, why don't you shake hands I" cries the astounded baronet. Richmond reddens, hesitates, and then ad vances with proffered hand. How are you, Cousin Lenore, I am very glad to see you I" She waves away his offered hand, and throws up her graceful head. "I cannot touch your hand, sir. Stand back, if you please," she says, her voice like a flute. "You are the man who was cow. ardly enough to attack an unprotected t woman when she asked a simple civility of you I Do you not know me, sir I Ah I see that you do, Sir Geoffrey " turning to her 1 guardian, her face all aglow with indigna. t tion. "Hear me II had no intention of tel. I ling you of my escapade, but I will. The day you went on the deer hunt I ran away from Clotilde and made a vis:t to Black Hollow Grange. Do not look so incredulous. I 1 did I It is only natural that I should want to see the ptace where my parents were mar. dered." Sir Geoffrey's face grows .as white as death, and his eyes resemble those of a blood.thirsty beast, but his ward goes fear. lessly on. "I was in the old house, and had quite a strange adventure, which belated me, and, on my return, I lostmy way. I encountered the man who stands before me, and asked him to put me in the right road, and he basely insulted me I Let him deny it if he dare; Sir Geoffrey, you are mistaken your self, or you are trying to impose on me. That tman ir not your eon ; he is not a Treve. thoen I No man, with a single drop of Treve. then blood in his reins, would be such a da . tard as to insult a woman I" The baronet cowers away from her blazing eyes with the face of a man convicted of some shameful crime; but his son pushes farward, his swarthy face flushing hot with anger. " Yes, I am his son," he retorts, his white teeth set hard together; "I am his son, and, I what is more, I am your husband, my fiery p beauty; and you'll do wellto curb that sharp n tongue tf yours." "3y hosband Ilear the lunatic I He calls himself my husband," laughs Lenore. Richmond Trevethon looks at her fair, de. flant face with eyes that glow wttn mingles anger and admiration. " Your husband, yes," he repeats, "by a marriage in our childhood; by your dead ti father's command." The room rings with her scornful laughter. i " Our marriage in childhood was no mar riage at all," she answers; "and if my dead father should rise from the grave and comu mand me to marry yon I would refuse. Dis obedience may be a sin, but to mate with one like you would be rushing madly to secure a life of misery." SHush I don't speak rashly ; you'll repent i of such bitter words by and by," he says, u. P snming a conciliatory manner and attempt ing to take herhand. " How could I even dream of meeting you at such an hour and B in such a place 1 You must forget that foolish encounter." "Ishall never forget it, sir," esh crie., recoiling from his touch with undisguised horror nad aversion. "No matter whether you knew me or not, I was a woman, and I asked a kindness at your hands and you in. sulteld me. The vilest man that lived could do no worse than that. Standt back, sir ; do not venture near me. I have my little I weapon still, and the next blow may strike home." She draws a jewelled dagger from her bosom and flashes it before his eyes. lIe falls ( back, grinding out a brutal oath between his set teeth. "Come, come," cries Sir Geoffrey, coming forward, "this will ntver do. Lenore, my dear, put up your dagger ;t it isa dangerouc toy, and I must beg that you will cOease carrf) . leng it, Do not be rude, my son, I beg of you. You two cannot afford to quarrel." Stud sheep are being fed on oats in some drought stricken districts, ' Ys, we can," interposes Lenore; "we can stfrd to quarrel and to part. You may go, sir," bowing to her lover with imperial scorn ;" there is no need that you and I shutid ever meet again." " Yes, there is, by George," theyoungman bursts furth. " Last nights account is to be settled yet, and I'll settle it with a vengeance, too, when the time comes." HIis father takes his arm and pushes him aside. " Richmond, be silent l" he commands; "leave the matter to me. Lenore, my dear, you must remember-" She cuts him short with a gesture of im. permns disdain. "No necet to remember, Sir Geoffrey," she cries ; " I ss need to waste your breath. Hear me, and then have done with it. All my ide my intention has been to abide by the; letter of my fatier's will, and make good my chillishi marriage with your son ; but seeing him now as I do, a man whose face betrays his habits, a man wiho does not scruple to in.i cult an unprotected woman, I would die a score of violent deaths rather than become his wife. The Trevethou heritage must go, my fe'or father's will must be disregarded. Of the two evils I choose the lesser one. You hare my decisien in regard to the matter, Sir Geofrey, and I bid you good. mo?"rnisg." Sue makes them a graceful obeisance, and sat eeps from the room like and empress. Father and son stlad face to face for a fell minute. I Well I' questioned the baronet then. "She shall be my wife," replies the sen, his dark face flushing hotly; " and once mine I'll pay her with saterest for adl this." "She'll pay you, you mean," retorts Sir Geoffrey. ' She's more than a match for you, you bungling idiot. If you ard harkened to meshe might have been your wife twelve months ago." "That may be, but she shall be mine, nevertheless. I swr.re to have my refer sg the night the stabbed me. Curse ter, I doubly swear it now." Ills father s.izes him by the collar and gives him a vicious shake. "Silence, you fool," he thunders. "You'll ruin everything with your infernal temper. Let your revenge rest. To secure the Treue. thon wealth is our object. Don't forget the very bread we eat comes from this girl's bounty, anud even your income is of her giving. Let her slip and we are both beg. CHAPTER VIII. TIHE WAOn rEGIN.s Lerore sat at the window of her chamber at Lynuith flaill, near the close of a stormy day, gazing far out at the angry waves beat. ing on the shore, " Never cross a bridge till you come to it," she mused, bending her pensive eyes upon the tossing waves. "Sir Geoffrey and his son make no allusion to this hateful mar. riage, and why should I ? I earnestly hope they hare accepted my decision and made up their minds to abide by it, but I fear it is not so. It will be hard with Sir Geoffrey to lose his lion's share of my fortune. I have a fancy that there's trouble ahead. I think my worthy guardian's face suggests some. thing that isn't exactly quite submission. SWell, sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. When I get nearer to my twenty. first birthday it will be quite time enough to give the unpleasant affair my serious atten. tion. Marry that wretch I never will. Ah, what a dreadful mistake my poor father made when he suffered that childish marriage to goon I " And yet," she added, taking the tiny ring from her bosom, "I cannot bear to take this little trinket off. I cannot help regarding that marriage of my childhood, which my mother and father witnessed and sanctioned, as something sacred and binding, and which I dare not repudiate. And yet I can never becme'Richmond Trerethon's wife. Was ever mortal woman in such a straight be. fore 1" With a moan of annoish she bowed her head upon her folded arms, and her thoughts soot drifled from her trouble to that subject which so frequently engrossed them-the mystery of Black Hiollow Grange. A double mystery it had become since her eventful visit to the old manor ; and the re membranceof that ghostly face which peered down upon her haunted her waking hours and filled all her dreams. Was it a ghostly thing from the land of shadows or a living, human face ? She was resolved to know, and yet she could not summon courage sufPleient to make a second visit to the manor. To speak to her guardian was out of the question; and when on one or two occasions she begged Clotirle to accompany lher, and related to her the events of her former visit, the woman trembled with terror. "Ask me to die for you Miss Lenore, and I'll do it willingly, but do not ask me to go near the accursed place," HIence, Miss Trevethon brooded over the mystery, and deferred her second visit, until a most absurd idea got possession of her mind. She fancied that her father might have been shut up in the old house, and that it was his living face she saw. The idea was certainly an absurd one, but it so possessed her, and her desire to solve the mystery be came so great, that she determined to write a letter to Ambrose Gerhart, and beg him to assist her. She remembered his name well, and his handsome face and courteous bearing even better: she recalled also the mention the peasant woman made of him, as being the only person who bad ever dared to venture within the Haunted Manor. If any one could assisther this man could; so the young lady put aside all scruples, and wrote him a frank letter, disclosing the fact that she was the daughter of the missing baronet and the murdered lady, and begging him to assist her in solving the mystery which hung over her father's name. She directed her letter to Piedmont Station, and awaited an answer with feverish impatience. "Two weeks have passed since the letter went, and surely I shall soon get an answer," she thought, as the dusk of the wintry twi light began to rather round her. (To be montinlerd.) 