THE TURNER POLICY. TO THE EDITOR. —Yours, &c.;, CONSTANCY. 30th September. SIR, —Ton hit the mark in saying in this day’s lender that the constituencies should strengthen the hands of Sir George Turner by sending the right men to Parliament. Lots of people, however, are wavering, in eoma in stances, as to who the right men are. There ought to bo no wavering or doubting. The policy o£ the Turner Government and party has been so far a success. The oircumstanoes of the colony are such that any different policy has not the ghost of a chanoe. Only the most unswerving loyalty to it, and the strictest economy compatible with efficiency in administration, a-in pull the oolbny out of its troubles. Who are the men likely to oarry the policy but to a triumphant close f Not, surely, men about whoso con sistency iu political oonduct thore is any doubt. Not men who are known to put solf first and the country last. Not men -who tiro known to be capablo of trying to save them selves by wrecking their party. Not at all. The men wanted to-day to aontinne tho Turner policy are the men who in tha House were prepared to stand or fall with thoir leaders. These men have been prime factors in saving the Government from obstrnation nod defeat at the' hands of in triguers for office. Thsy should assuredly be sent back lo continue their faithful sorvioa. Shoddy and shady politicians who profess to be ready to support the Turner policy, Bhould everywhere be rejeoted. Their presence in the House can only embarrass that polioy and make legislation less useful than it should be. The men who have beon loyal to that policy should bo rewarded by their constitu encies proving loyal to them in return. Where changes take place they ought to be in favor of those whoiprofess sympathy with the aims of the Opposition. Thus only can the beat traditions of party be preserved. The con stituency that does neither of theso two things, but sends in a representative who savors at all of Iscuriotism, will act unfairly and un gratefully towards its own and the country’s best interests. Many of Sir George Turner’s best supporLors assisted to facilitate business by maintaining silence on many occasions when tlißir fortunes would have beon served by speaking. Wo mast not forget to bear this in mind. Their temporanae in this re3peot has been in some oases cruelly misrepresented by unscrupulous and crafty opponents as in difference to tbo interests of the country. It would be perfidy to make them suffer on this ground. Let loyalty for loyalty be the watch words of all constituencies that rank them selves beneath the Turner banners. 