Oar Alleged Inconsistencies. THE microscopic shadow of our morning contemporary which emerges from its native obscurity in the gloaming, as if ashamed to show its diminutive face in the daytime, is pleased to again take the MENEE to task for its alleged inconsistency on the question of municipal borrowing. As the stuff in question has already appeared in the evening ghost aforementioned and will appear in the daily simulacrum of a signboard which appears to-day, and again in the weekly echo at some period in the remote future, it would be thought that it would have sufficient publicity. Taking pity on a feeble and fluctuating circulation, however, we propose to give it the unusual tonic of a widespread advertisement, and so reproduce it in extenso :— At the time of the last municipal elections the policy of borrowing which has been consistently advocated by the " Goldfields M orning Chronicle " was opposed tooth and nail by the MINER. But the whirligig of time, responsible as it is for some remarkable metamorphoses, has brought about a complete change of opinion on the part of our contemporary, and it now just as vigorously advocates " running to the pawnshop with our securities," as the following parallel extracts will show :— COOLGARDIE MINER, COOLGARDIE MINER, November 14,1896. June 3,1897 " Mr J. M. Smith, " The Council's rewho has dubbed him- port justly says that self the ' enterprising we have gone beyond candidate,' is wishful the merely parochial first of all to prove his ideals entertained by enterprise by plung- other towns, and the ing the municipality, fact that we have now the most solvent not suffered by so and financially pros- doing seems to us the perous in Australasia, very best of arguhead and ears in debt, ments in favor of Mr Smith entirely continuing the forignores the (fact that ward movement, a Parliament, wiser Consequently we look than he,has prevented with equanimity and such rash folly on the approval on the part of any munlci- scheme of borrowing pality by legislative £20,000 to build a enactment, so that town hall, and trust whether returned or that the time is not not Mr. Smith's fran- far distant when an tic desire to plunge imposing structure us into difficulties worthy of the town will be nipped in the will have been reared bud. We have little to additionally ornato thank the Parlia- ment the already ment of Western handsome streets of Australia for, but we Coolgardie. The furshould not begrudge ther loan proposed them the gratitude for the construction which is their due for of workB which are having imposed a not reproductive healthy check upon though highly conheaven \- born finan- ducive to the welciers of the Smith fare and prosperity type. . . . Thus of the municipality, there are only two is amply justified by original planks in the the magnitude and platform — that of -value of the public running to the pawn- assets." shop with our securities, which is pernicious, and a new system of sanitation, which is a mystery." We might reasonably content ourselves with the remark that even if it were true that the MXNEBJIS occasionally inconsistent, it is not guilty of downright misrepresentation, of which our contemporary has more than once had to stand charged without possibility of effective reply. It might also be urged that those who never change their opinions never find out their mistakes. The MINER is always willing to change its attitude if it can be proved that its former position was wrong. But in this particular instance,'the point raised is made to look effective by the suppression of the most important facts. From the way in which the above quotations are given it iB implied that the mighty genius Smith was the person who originated the idea of borrowing £20,000 for building a Town Hall, and that the wicked MINER, which first opposed him, now-supports the very policy on which he went to the hustings in search of municipal death or glory. We know as much of our files as anyone, however, and on reference to our issue of November 12 we find the following paragraph :— We have received a card from Mr J. M. Smith's committee in which that gentleman is described as "the enterprising candidate." His enterprise is demonstrated by the announcement that the principal plank in his platform is to raise a loam, of £100,000 fo municipal -purposes. This local Vogel overlooks the fact that happily it is quite as impossible legally for this town to borrow; £100,000 as it would be physically to borrow the moon. Such utter ignorance of municipal law cannot be accounted a recommendation. That was how we dealt with Sweep-promoter Smith when we firstheard of his preposterous proposition, as illegal asitwas absurd. Any and every thinking man will admit that borrowing £20,000 on £60,000 of assets is ft very different idea to borrowing £100,000 on less than a third of that security. Because we opposed Mr Smith's callow idiocy, there is no reason why we should not support a sensible and matured proposal likely to largely benefit the city. We aie frequently accused of a lack of consistency. What our opponents probably mean is lack of partisanship. Because we have opposed the Mayor and Council when we deemed them wrong, there is no reason why we should carp and cavil at them when they are right, In conclusion we would advise James M'Callum Smith and the literary spectres who find him in what answe rs for intellect, to cultivate their memories before digging up the tomes of ancient history, to their own undoing and utter confounding. 