TO BEKNIGHTED ONES. Seeing that there have been a few enno bled patriots added to N. 8. Wales' lilt of handled names, and that the rustling Wings of rumor hint at still another new Son of chivalry, Truth takes this opportunity of inditing in good faith and fellowship the following to all and any whom it may con cern :— Dear Sir Galahad i * In the stillness of my study I will endeavor to reconstruct the knightly days of old ont of my knowledge of present and future bearers of the accolade of St. Michael and St George, and true it is, that it will be difficult to imagine the stainless King sur rounded by some of the prestos chevaliers known to Sydney ; still bow beautiful and Chaste a subject, is it not, to conjure np visions of Sir Boris and Bfr Bevys and Co. shoulder to shoulder with, say, such crystal souls as Sir Henry Parkes, Sir Thomas Mcllwraith, and several other either politi cally or practically dead and gohe modern Anstralian champions of chivalry? And at the instant of starting such ah altruistic day dream, how my mind, putting itself, as it were, in your carcase, gloried and enthused over the feelings which 1 know you must have experienced when it was inti mated to you that for your multifarious services rendered your country, your Queen, and YOURSELF, you were soon to be re warded with a tinsel star to adorn that part of your abdomen termed by courtesy your swelling chest I Ah, it is indeed a soulful reverie I There you stood, In all the dignity of — ft — in. f- and there, half-smiling, half-weeping before you, flopped into a capacious settee, the j lbs avoirdupois of female flesh, your wife, now at last within definite touch of being ber soul's hope— a ' perfect lydy.' You have iadeed a right ' a more pompous strut, for you know tba»-~, . future yon ate not to be as other men are ; bnt yoo will go down to your death Sir Galahad —? ; which inscription you will not forget to have engraved both on coffin plate and tomb. Meantime in this life you will take proper place amongst your noble and courtly peers. And that last word again sends my thoughts tilting back to days of Old, when tin-bellied knights were bold. Again, I pose you at the mystio Round Table, where Arthur Pendragon, first of the fenighte, sits amongst his warrior band. It is only a dream, Bir Galabad— (1897 vintage) but take note of the Stainless King seated in ruisty TintageL He is the hero of many S stricken field, and 1 picture yon advancing to him With that mingled air of cheek and sycophancy, Which has charmed so often a customer or client in posse. Methinks the kifig don't know you, and doesn't look as if he intended to either. Your troubles I He is but a ghost and you are quite a solid man. See aft) and, Sir Gawwain and your namesake, Sir Galahad, who went in search of .the Holy Grail. He fonnd it, and yon have found your* ; &t; least you have got what you desired, and stiiti yon far better, a brand hew Crest, A' spaci ous notice in the Colonial Rterage, ahd a handle to your name. Yon mffitt be a gentle man now, for you have been made one by a special patent process.— J hit once again ; observe that nonle yet sad figure. That is Sir Lancelot— Oh dear, dear ! I beg pardon, I forgot that contt scandal With Guinevere. 1 am so sorry, for you Wphld have sought consolation in the Nisi Prius department. And again I forgot yofi are a ohurobwarden and an outwardly shining Sooial Parity object. Let us hasten to a later age. Flitting be fore us go all the proud crusading host, gallant fighters winning spurs on bloody fields. Doubtless yon would do the same only you never had the chance. And ah I See, Bayard and Sir Philip Sydney, Raleigh and Drake. We will go no farther ; Elizabeth's ds^s shall end thecinemetographe lor there are reasons. Does not nasty history teach ub that in the reign oi slobber tongue'd James 1 the difficulty was not to get a knighthood but to avoid one? And now yon have earned yours, I know that you would abominate sucb a counterfeiting of the true knightly courage, (Victorian period,) which only true merit can attain and be worthy of. - Well, we must part Sir Galahad (new seas eon jubilee.) You are a knight, and there are quite a lot oi your brand that have been knocking around since 1837. The envious and the scoffers state, indeed, that the Vic torian Era has reduced the old chivalric order beneath all oontempt, even lower than In the days of Good King Sell-you-a-Title James I, of pious memory. Seeing whatyou are, how ever, thiscannot be true. Ton, sans pear el sans reproclie , are one of the bulkheads of N 8 Wales' liberty; yon are a butress of religion and society t politically you are tbt Doping stone cf parliamentary genius, also yon are the living embodiment of that Strang* XlXtb sentury product, snobbery. Yoo fit the times to a T . S have taken you safely into the shadowy past | never attempt to ge there alone, for you wonld be simply booted. Yours eto. ? PaoQUIN. ? Hers fill In your usual Minn ♦ Span left (orlielKht. 1 FU1 in tennagt o( wl(6 