mi ~i ? iWhiiiiiu awn ii'''' ' '??? 'tinffirrrv 1 M? '.*? ja. |P[p jlisrEisBM.' PHYL DONOVAN. : - Vi ^ V;*r ' ' - ? - ? - * ' ' ? ? ; -r \ ; .j CHAPTER VII. 'It's Phyl's- hand writing — there is no ?/.. mistake as to that, but the sontimont— psHaw l'' -Then, knitting his brow . in ' thought—' These newly- found relatives of hers may be trying to bring her over to their own worldly way of thinking, bnt my sweetheart ? is not the' girl to learn a lesson of that sort all. in. a hurry. No ; I will never believo that sho really moans this, 1 unloss she tolls mo so with her own lips— scarcely even, then/ I shall go t6 London by the first train I can catoh,' he adds, ringing the bell for the time-table. True to this resolution, the anxious lovenatarts that afternoon for the Me tropolis^ and,: as soon as .possible after ?his arrival there, presents himself at Carew Honse, Belgravia, about the time when the denizens of that aristocratic region have just commenced dinnor. 'Lady Barbara and Miss Donovan are dining out,' a supercilious flunkey shortly informs him ' And Lord Arglyn ?*' demands Jack, : so sternly that the . menial this time re plies with an infusion of civility in his manner, ' His lordship is laid up with a severe attack of goat, sir.', Disappointed and sick at heart, the young captain retires, only to pace the streets until a late hour, perhaps with some vague hope of seeing the lovely face he is thirsting to behold once more. Next' day, long before the orthodox time for calling, he again presents him self at Carew House, and is at once ad mitted, whilst. after1 nearly halfan hour's? waiting in the sumptuous drawing room, a lady enters, who, glancing at the card in her hand, regards him with a rather puzzled expression, for she has somehow pictured Captain Haviland to herself as being the roughest of rough seafaring men. Jack has nevor been accustomed to visit at West End mansions, or minglo with the upper 'ten,, but his earnestness of purpose imparts such dignity to his manner, that Lady Barbara is rather taken aback at encountering so noble looking a man. She had intended to receive him standing, and thus mark the diflerence in their station, but, as Cap tain Haviland politely places a chair for hoi, she sinks into it mechanically, and, whilst waiting for bin.* to speak, the ghost of a dead-and- gone romance arises from its grave and bea's, with passionate romemhiance, upon the portals of her heart: Just such a man had sho loved, and been loved by, years and years ago. But, noblesse oblige — one mesalliance in a family was quite enough, and haughty Lady Barbara spurned her plebeian lov er, at the same time inflicting a wound upon hor own feelings which has nevor since healed. And now, as she sits gazing at Jack Haviland's handsome, sunburnt face, and well-knit figure, she wishes she had never undertaken to crush he neice's presumptuous suitor. ' I have called to see Miss Donovan,' 'begins the young man, somewhat awk wardly. ?' Is she ut home 7 ' '? My niece has been expecting this viBit, Mr.— er — Captain Haviland,' re plies Lady Barbara, 'but we— sho thinks it better, under the circumstances, not to bold any personal communication with you.' ' Perhaps you are not aware that Phyllis is my affianced wife ?' ' Ob, yes ; I quite understand there lias been some sort of an entangle ment—' ' Entanglement !' echoes Jack, am azedly. ' She betrothed herself to rao with her father's consent, and, if sue now wishes ' to break off the 'engagement, I certainly think I have a right to demand a personal explanation from her.' 'As Miss Donovan refuses to grant you an interview,' replied Lady Barbara, ' you can scarcely hope to coerce hor into doing so.' 'I believe the coercion to bo alto gether on your part,' replies Jack, al most losiog control over his temper, 'for I cannot accept the fact that Phyllis would, of her own accord, prove fulse to the man she professed to lovo.' Lady Barbera draws herself up haugh tily. At first sha experienced a feeling of pity for this fine, noble- looking fel low, and caught herself wishing moro than once since she entered the room ?that he was entitled, both by birth and fortune, to wed Lord Arglyn's beautiful heiress, bnt, knowing that sho had not, in this instance, endeavoured to influence her- wilful niece, she feels distinctly ag grieved by Jack's angry accusation, and therefore replies, with dignity — ' I advised Miss Donovan to see you, and explain why she wished to have this engagement broken off, but sho seemed to shrink so from the idea, and I ceased to urge hor. If— -as your words would seem to imply— you imagino that I have tried to bring about tliio chango in her ? feeling, you aro greatly mistaken. Tho fact is, Captain Haviland,' she continues more kindly, and with evident sincority, ' when you first met Phyllis she was an unsophisticated country girl, ready to be lieve herself in love with any man who ? might happen to pay her tho slightest attention, bnt tho great change in her social position, her present surroundings, the life sho has since led, have opened ber eyes, and she is now perfectly aware of her own value. I cannot see,' sho goes on, ' that there any use in pro longing this interview.' ' If you would only allow mo to speak to hor,' beseeches tho young mon, feel ing instinctively that ber ladyship is not unfriendly to his causo. ^ To bp ? Continued:) ' 