THE WATCHMAN OF ORSDEN MOSS. BY J. MONK FOSTER. Author of "The Slaves of Fate," " A Miner's Million," "Children of Darkness*" "Through Flood and Flame," "Queen of the Faotory," "A Pit Brow Lassie," "The White Gipsy," "The Mine Master's Daughter," &e.;, &c.; [copyright.] CHAPTER XXVI. THE NEW MASTER OF ORSDEN MOSS. A week or two had passed away, and matters in the village of Orsdon Green were flowing along very much in the channels they had pursued prior to the sudden death and inquest upon Aaron Shelvocke and the old watchman. The three relatives of the late Master of Orsden Hall were residing together at the big house, and, save for the absence of their uncle's genial presence, there was little change perceptible. Still there was a difference be- tween Mat and Levi and Naomi—a difference which each individual of the trio felt most clearly, and yet endeavoured neither to see nor feel. Shortly after the interment of Aaron Shelvocke the "last will and testament" of the deceased mineowner was produced by Mr. George Scott, the Coleclough solicitor, whom the testator had constituted his legal adviser. That document was duly attested and proved, its validity was never questioned, and Mat- thew Shelvocke, Esq.. stepped practically into the shoes of his dead kinsman. To his niece, Naomi Shelvocke, Aaron had bequeathed the comfortable sum of five thousand pounds free of legacy duty; to his nephew, Mr. Levi Blackshaw, two-fifths of that amount; all else, with the exception of small legacies, to old friends and servants, became the absolute property of "My dear nephew, Matthew," to have and to hold un- conditionally for ever. Thus the young Mine Manager found him- self suddenly lifted from a comparatively obscure position to one of considerable import- ance, influence, and wealth. The exact amount of the fortune he had inherited was difficult to estimate; it could not be less than twenty thousand pounds, and probably might run to five or ten thousand more. But for many days Mat did not trouble his brain much with thoughts of his newly acquired affluence and dignity. He was surprised that his uncle had treated him so generously; was delighted to have placed in his hands such undying and indisputable proof of Aaron Shelvocke's goodwill and esteem, and while he felt sorry in a sense that his two cousins had less cause to remember their dead kinsman affectionately, there were other matters that pressed upon him for attention. The day after the burial of his uncle's remains Mat proceeded to the colliery as usual, descended the mines, and discharged the ordinary duties of the position to which he had grown accustomed. To all the miners his manners and methods remained unchanged; he was still their Manager, and they were his co- workers, and a stranger to the pits would never have imagined that Mat was lord and master of all he surveyed. He was quieter than of old, more reticent and thoughtful, but not less kindly and considerate to the workers on the Moss. His finely marked brown face had grown paler and graver, as if his outlook upon life had undergone some deep change; and the look of introspection and speculation which had become habitual with him now gave rise to many surmises. The defection of Lettice Forrester was still a thorn in his side, and strive as he would to put all thought of her behind him the ghost of his strong young love refused to be laid. Every time his eyes rested upon the fair woman the wound bled anew; and sometimes, when he caught her sadly reproachful, soft, blue eyes upon him, he felt inclined to ques- tion the truth of what he had seen. And apart from this trouble of the heart he had other, and perhaps graver anxieties. There was the mystery surrounding his uncle's strange end; Naomi's sudden resolve to quit the village for good—a resolution Aaron's death seemed to have swept away; and finally, the unknown trouble which appeared to have arisen between his uncle and Levi Blackshaw. Why Aaron Shelvocke had deserted Naomi in Wales, and come back secretly to Orsden Green, was a riddle to which Mat in vain sought the key. The more he cudgeled his brains for a solution of the puzzle the more enigmatical the mystery became; and still, even when the fog around him seemed thickest, Mat felt most positive that there was much to be discovered. On various occasions Mat had visited the never-to-be-forgotten spot in the airways where his uncle's dead body was found. Sometimes he had taken the under-looker or fireman with him, and together they had tried vainly to disentangle the Gordian knot. Even when alone he was not more success- ful in his mental gropings. He was like a man struggling blindly in the dark; and turn which way he would, peer here and there as he might, no ray of light came to him. The stone that had been found resting on Aaron Shelvocke's broken skull still remained intact, propped against the side of the repaired gallery. Again and again the young man had bent his gaze upon the slab of rock, into the grain of which some portion of his uncle's life blood had sunk, and wondered what story it would have unfolded could it but speak. When Mat had ordered the massive frag- ment to be placed aside and preserved, he had thought that the texture of the rock would reveal from which part of the roof it had fallen; but examination of the various layers of slaty shale composing the roof had proved fruitless, and he was still unable to say whether the stone had fallen accidentally on the buried man, or been flung there pur- posely. On the night following the inquest at Orsden Hall, Mat had made his way to the colliery on the Moss with the intention of speaking to the night-winder, Stanforth, who had volunteered to give information before the enquiry terminated. Mat had been strongly impressed by what the man had stated; had wondered greatly that the important point he had raised was not considered more carefully by the Coroner and Jury; and it was to satisfy himself more thoroughly on the matter that he sought his workman. It was nearly midnight when Mat crossed the back of the pits and entered the engine- house, the door of which stood ajar. He found Stanforth alone with that evening's paper in his hand, and the anxious look on the man's face showed the Manager how mat- ters stood. The following conversation took place between them:— "Good-night, Luke," he cried genially in order to set the engineer at his ease. "I dare say you can guess why I have called to see you?" "I think I can, sir," Stanforth had answered. "I'm sorry—very sorry, sir, but I thought it was my duty to speak." "Of course it was, and I'm glad you did your duty," Mat rejoined frankly; "but there is one thing I want you to do first of all, Luke. Rid your mind of all uneasiness on my account, will you? So far from blaming you for what you said, I am only sorry that you didn't speak out sooner." "I ought to ha' done so, mester, but I didn't like," the man said slowly. "That's it. You didn't like, Luke; and I know why you didn't like. You kept your mouth closed on my account, and you only opened it because you were half afraid of what might happen to you if you kept back what you happened to know." "That's God's truth, sir," Stanforth ex- claimed, fervently. "I know it is. I could see how reluctant you were to come forward—how disagreeable it was to tell what you knew—and I knew also why you were so uneasy about it all. You thought, were compelled to think, that if old Dan Coxall spoke the truth to you, when he said my uncle was going down the pit with his nephew, the nephew in question was myself." "What else could I think, sir? I knowed you went down the pits at a' hours, an' who else----?" "Yes, I see it all, Stanforth," Mat broke in. "God knows I didn't go with him. How could I when I was travelling all that night between ten and twelve o'clock? But some one went down with my uncle, and what I have to discover is, who that man was." "That's it, mester" Stanforth replied. "But on'y owd Dan Coxall can tell yo' that." "And he is beyond speaking," Mat re- joined, with a low, dogged vehemence. "But," he added with sparkling eyes, "I will find out—I will find out, if I spend the whole of my life and my uncle's fortune in the work." The man did not make any rejoinder, but his face showed that Mat's words and manner had made an impression upon him. What- ever he might have thought before, it was easy to see that he no longer believed that his young master had accompanied his old em- ployer when he went into the mine that night. Feeling still far from satisfied Mat made it his business on the following day to call upon Sergeant Roberts, to whom he ex- plained his own feelings of uneasiness con- cerning the manner of his kinsman's death. The suspicious circumstances surrounding the tragedy demanded the most earnest and care- ful investigation, and if the officer deemed an enquiry necessary, he was prepared to employ one of the smartest detectives that could be found in England. The officer listened patiently, and when Mat had concluded spoke freely, yet with the caution peculiar to a shrewd policeman. It was, he admitted, a singular thing that Aaron Shelvocke should steal away from Wales and go into his own mine under cover of the night; but singular things were happening every day in the world, if one only cared to take note of them. As Mat knew, his uncle had his own way of looking at things, and, probably, when he paid that unexpected and secret visit to the colliery he was only doing so to satisfy himself that everything was being properly attended to in his absence. Unfortunately, his perhaps ex- cusable curiosity had cost him his life. As for old Coxall's statement to the man at the engines that Shelvocke was accompanied by one of his nephews, that could be easily understood and explained. Aaron and the watchman were old friends, and the master, in all probability, had taken Dan into his con- fidence. Hence the statement that two were seen to go down the pit, when in reality only one man wished to go. "But who came up the pit some time after- wards?" Mat queried, unsatisfied. "No one came up," was the answer. "Luke Stanforth only imagines somebody did. But as no one was working that night I suppose he would have plenty of time to dream of things, wouldn't he?" Feeling that it was useless to argue the point further, Mat desisted. Besides, the only basis he had for argument was suspicion, which might prove groundless. Hence he returned to the Hall with a mind still filled with vague misgivings and intangible doubts. In the days that followed there was no ex- change of opinion between either two of the three cousins regarding the remarkable way in which their joint benefactor had come by his death. Various matters which had happened prior to that sad event had set a seal upon the lips of Mat and Naomi, and Levi Blackshaw never alluded to the tragedy in the remotest way. Occasionally the new master of Orsden Hall wondered why the dead man had set him on watch and guard against Levi, and although Mat and Naomi had spoken of that matter in Wales neither had ever ventured to renew the discussion. And thus two or three weeks wore away, the trio of cousins living under the same roof, eating often at the same table, conversing with each other with apparent freedom, yet with an unseen but quite palpable cloud of restraint hanging over them all. Sometimes Mat attributed this lack of heartiness and good feeling to his own great fortune. Levi and Naomi were inclined to resent the undoubted partiality his uncle had shown him at their cost. He was nearer than they were to the dead man, and it was un- natural that one should take almost all, to the exclusion of others who were also his own flesh and blood. Thus Mat thought at times, and then he would smile in a grave, forgiving way. In time he would show them he was far from mercenary; for the nonce there was more to think of than mere worldly gear. One morning about this time Mat Shelvocke found among the batch of communications the earliest post brought him a letter which startled and annoyed him not a trifle. Almost the first glance at the missive aroused a keen interest in his breast, and when he turned to the anonymous signature appended to the note he thrust the sheet into his pocket, with an effort to appear indifferent, which did not escape the prying eyes of his cousins who were at breakfast with him. Half an hour later when he was alone--- Blackshaw had gone to the colliery offices, and Naomi was attending to the duties of the household—Mat turned to the letter again, read it through carefully, and pondered its contents deeply. This was what he read:— "Dear Sir—What I am about to tell you will most likely annoy you very much, but as I think you ought to know what is going on around you, and being said, more or less openly, every day about you, I intend to speak frankly even brutally if need be. Hence, I wish you to consider most carefully what I say. I dare not give you my name, but you may without much difficulty satisfy yourself that what I warn you against is true. "Perhaps I do not need to tell you that the events of the past two or three weeks have made you the most prominent man in all the village. As the new master of Orsdon Hall, the new owner of Orsden Colliery, you have become a public character, and the sudden way in which you have leaped, or been thrust, into a position involving importance, riches, dignity, and responsibility, has made you a public target at which one and all may shoot their poisoned arrows. "That is the plain truth. You are the target, and shafts of envy, malice, hatred, and spleen are being shot day by day at you. If you care for your good name you will see to this matter at once. While all kinds of vene- mous inuendoes are flying about from one gossip's tongue to another you have no right to sit idly by with folded arms doing nothing. " Do you know what folks are saying? They are saying that Aaron Shelvocke's death was not the mystery it appears; that one man could say something about it if he cared to speak; that the mysterious death was a fine thing for the man who stepped into his uncle's shoes; that it was remarkable Mat Shelvocke should be away in Wales that night when the night engine-tenter thought he had gone down the pit with his uncle; that the engine-tenter sheltered his new master as far as possible; that the Coroner did the same thing. "Nay, more than this. It is being whispered about that there is some connection somewhere between the deaths of the mine master and his old watchman—each had a bloody end within an hour or two of each other; and it is even said that the police, though apparently asleep, are working quietly. "All these things, I repeat, and a thousand others are being said, and at your expense. Of course, you know nothing. The talkers dare not talk when you are by. Even those who respect and admire you are compelled to listen to the gossip, if they don't join in it." "I have told you all this that you may act. Some one is working against you in the dark. I have my suspicions, but I will not name them. You are a man, and strong to think and do where your honour—perhaps your life —may be at stake. "I finish now. This letter has cost me much pain to write. For your sake alone I have written it. But you may rest assured that I shall continue to watch. I sign myself, "ONLY A FRIEND." 