IN THE NICK OF TliE. t. Little Mrs Brooke a fool? Not ;l bit -Of it Plenty of people thought her one, -misled by her guileless babyface, her en gaging airs of helpless ignorance and the empty chatter, which flowed so uttteas ingly from her pretty lips. All thie same they were mistaken. She might be ill educated, knowing nothing of, and car -ing less for, science, art, literature, or politics. Nevertheless, shie was quite clever enough to look after her own in terests, and to be quoted by lnine men out of ten as the nicest woman of their .acquaintance. At eighteen, too, as the insignificant daughter of a country par son, she had 6Ieen sumficiently intelligent to attract the notice of old George Brooke, of lBrooktsby, to marry kim,. and, in the difficult position of a young and pretty woman tied to a surly husband three times her age, to conduct herself twith such circumspection as to win tilhe approval of the county and the con fidence of her lord and master, who six years later died, lcaving" her five thou sand a year at her own disposal. Yet, being but human, she had made her slips. It was of one of these slips-the one gigantic act of folly of her life, that senseless lo\'e affair of hers with Phillip Tryon-that she was thinkilng one No vemler afternoon. "I must have been mad," she told herself. Mad indeed to have allowed herself ever to listen to the vows of devotion which lie was Iotori ously ready to lay at the feet of any pretty woman; to respond to them; nay, more, to write those fatally compromtis Ing letters, and to a man notoriouslt destitute alike of mercy or honor where vonmen were concerned. "I was mad!" she repeated. How mande, she had never really realised till that moment! At the time the episode hrld not troubled her over Inuite. Colonel Tyrotn had comenic and gone. hitad loved, and had ridden away. Site had come to her sesees: the affair was dead and burled, and there was an end of it. And now, when after six years of slavery. cut off fro?n all the pleasures of youth six years, during which, tied to the chair of a querulous old man, she paid to tile full tile price of her present liberty- nott that she was admired, wealthy, free to consult her own inclinations; now that the one man she would have chosen out of the world had Just laid at her feet his name, himself. a:nd his worldly goods; now this ghost of the past must needs rise again to pull down the edifice on which her whole future halpiness rest ed! Was ever the resuscitation of an old love more inopportune? Shite was diturbed - oppressed by a Vague foreboding of ill--when, arriving at the tFinches' for a week's covert Shooting, she found Colonel Tyron nmong tile party. She quite agreed with her fiance, Sir James Blunt, I .when he expressed his annoytanee at the I presence of such a man. "I may be S straltlaced," he said, 'but, personally, I don't think ihe ought to be allowed in side any decent house, and I'm surprised I the Finches should have hilm here. - In I a way he is good company, and a good 1 shot, so that people seem to put up i with him. As It is, you can't help know ing him, I suppose." "But I do know hlin already, worse a luck!" She confessed--where was tile use I of concealing what before long must be known?-"hte came to Brooksby once." Sir James frowned. "At all events, ei have as little to do with him as pos alble," he sail,. "That I can safely promise," she re- t joined "for T like the man as little as I you do." Never was wonman so sweetly submis-c siveo o the will of man. Never was pro, I mise more sincerely and quickly given. , :Would, alas! that it might have been i kept with equal promptitude! Mrs 11 Brooke, with the feehil ovaeasie tactics r which were all she dated to pursue, was t no match for Colonel Tryon with his obvious determination to renew the old relations. "What shall I do?" wondered the un- r fortunate woman.' "He means to get me to marry him. What shall I do?" Why, refuse hin. Let hint propose, and have done with it. A gentleman I cannot re[use to net,-pt hIis dismissal at to Ue ntouogt or: Yet'nei'it i-as precisely c what hald happened. Gentleman or not, f Colonel Tryon, not three hours ago, had refused to take no for an answer. "You don't know 'your own mind" he said, coolly. "Yoit loved me before. You will love e again. I ant sure of t It. We know one another. We are ad mr?itL.-. sulted to 5e anttother. You will reconsider youl' aecrlor-, -anm-s?,. "Never!" she declared. "Hon' can I, when I have already promised to marry 2 another mall? It Is out of the question. Indeed, you have no right to speak to ( mne of marriage at all, and I must beg you not to mention the subject again. "I cannot obey you. My claims, re eaember, are prior to Sir James Blunt's. 1 I must and will enforce them." "What tdo you mean?" She was Im- t pressed by his determination. "What I say. I will never give you t up to another man." "And I will never give upl Sir James." 1 "In that case it is ihe who will give you up, whlen that old correspondence.of -ours has been submitted to him, as it t most certainly will be." Choking with rage and terror, she turned upon him. "You dare to say i you will show--my letters?" she gasped. "I have no cholce. I ant not so poor .3 -lover as to give up the woman I adore .without a single bilow-. Besides, all is i lair in love and war. See! This is Wed- - tesday. Think it over and after tea on Friday I will come to you ihere for mny -answer. He kitld, Ella, to yourself andt to me. )Don't drive me to extremities. 1 All, I swear, shall be well If only you I -'will say yes." . "And if T say no?" "Then I shall have no choice but to place your letters in Sir James' hands. 1 He must decide." "It will do you no good,," she cried, -defiantly. "You may ruin ine, but I wnill I never, never marry you." He smiled. "Never is a long time," he said, with the air of contldent superiority she found so maddening. "I know you better t than you know yourself. I call trust to time to prove to you the worth of my byve and constancy, as well asc the value of a husband's namet and protection. The world, re maemter, is .I censorious one, and a lonet woman lies completely at the mercy of 'e'l tongues." She clinched her little fists in impotent fury. "You fiend--coward!" she cried. "Oh, if I were only a man!" "Be reasonahbleElla. I ant no fiend, no enemy. Believe me, I am your true -and faithful lover." ,. -' "Then have mercy-upon mest Give me the letters, I- beg and implore .olyou,. and I will Ibe your glateful and devoted friend for life." He smiled. "I donot nwant your friendship, bIut I "will give yoiu the letters - on our wed ding day." And then sile broke down completely. 'Threats, ahuse, tears, pitiful appeals for meic'ey--s-le tried them all. They pro 'voked renewedl assurances of his devo tion, Int no hint of yielding In ills pur-t 'pose. Oh, it was hlard-hard to ie ruined for an indiscretion of which, too, she had so heartily repented. To lose all, not only the piosition and wealth for whichl i bher soul craved, but also thie naln sihe "loved with all her heart. And she.would have made him so true, so tender a wife. Except for the one false step, she had been a good rwife to old- George Brooke. IHe certainly thought so. And .It she had satisfied -the husband for whom she cared so little, how much 'llore would she satisfy the man she I adored! And now all nwas overlt, For whatever lhappened, she must lose her "lover. Unless---- "If only one could -get hold of those letters!" she,said to herself. "After all, whylnot ? In all probabillty hie had them witilf hlim. AndI men are ihnay' careless about their keys. Could one not steal up after din her?' . . Surely :n attempt might :be made." SIt was made--with no result but the I Shumillatlon of being found out. She could have sworn.that no one had seen her enter or leave Colonel Tyron's room, and that she had replaced everything lprecisely as she found it, yet "Don't tryi Ithat on again," he said, with a mneaning tlaugh, as he wished her good-night. "It's dangerous; quite useless, too. They are here," tapping his breast-pocket, "and here they will remain- till Fri day." All through the long watches of a sleepless night iMrs Brooke turned and tossed In despair. "What shall I do?" she groaned. "What shall I do?" The thought of suicide at once crossed her mind, only to be abandotied. She was both too brave and too cowhrdly not to fight the fight out to the bitter end. "If I were only a man. I would drag the letters fr?in himt by force," sh'- vowed thro:lt: her -S'et teeth. Well. sihe was not a man, but there were mnen \--BIob Saunlders, for inst:nce. He was coniing thl next day. He might help her. He was the very manl to help her. Not a lover!: Heaven forbid! Lovers cherish strange ideals and delusions, which it does not do to disturb. Besides, lovers are selfish folk. They don't do anything for nothing. No: Bob was just tile oldest,thebest,andtmoststaunchl friend shite had in the world. neither making any pretence at perfection him self nor expecting it fromn his associates; with the kindest of hearts, too, through which his sound head might surely be worked upon. More-he detested Colonel Cryon. She remembered with re lief now, even in the old days, Bob had warned her against.the man. At the time she laughed at the warning thought it jealousy. If only she had lis tened i Bever mind; Bob would help her now-if not for love of her, then for hatred of her enemy. She hastened to confide in him. Draw Ing him into the conservatory after din noc, "I've made a terrible goose of my self, do you knuow?" she sighed. "Been and gone and done for myself entirely." .Mr Saunders was a nman of fews words. "What is it?" he asked. " Man or moneyt?" "Man--Colonel Tryon. He is bent on getting me to marry hinl. VWthat am I to do?" "rlefuse him." "I can't, I daren't. Oh, Bolb. if you only knew how wretched I am! The fact is I was idiot enough to write him some letters years ago., and now he threatens-imagine what a scoundrel he must be!-that if I don't throw over Sir James Blunt lie will send him the letters. He'll do it, too, the brute!" aIr Saunders did not waste time in in vs:tive. "Are they bad?" lie merely asked. "Awful!. James would never forgive them. I should die. If only I could get hold of them! I have done everything I could think of. I've raged, begged, itrayed, iearly gone on my knees to hitm. I'm in despair. Oh, Bob, wouldn't I you--couldn't. you help me?" What could he do? Expostulate, and' be told to mind his own business? Use force? The days of duelling are past. Besides, to brawl over a woman would he a strange way of helping her to keep I her reputation. As for threats, they must be empty ones. Anlly attempt to show up the man mnust recoil a thous andfold on the woman's head, as no one knew better than Tryon would know. Yet, looking at her miserable face, her eyes laden withttears, her lips piteously quivering, hlow could he tell her all this? I "I'll do what I can," he said; where upon Mrs Brooke, who possessed the enviable capacity of throwing . off I her cares by the simple expedient of shifting them to the shoulders of some other person, went happily to bed and I to sleel,. It was a cruel and unexpected blow to her when the following mourning, in answer to her Interrogative glances, he shook his hlead. "Very sorry," he said, :'Did,.my-beit, and"got roundly snubbed for my pains. ITe won't give them upi." "He won't?" she asked blankly. The women had gone out to watch tile shoot ing, and she was standing with him in a ride alone. "Can't you make him?" "Only by making a scandal, which is t the very thing we want to avoid." "Then can nothing be done?" To his infinite relief she didn't cry. All the haby softness had left her face. which own stay and chalice it?" i?t suggiested, feebly. She took no notice of the words. "I wish I were a man." she said abruptly. "Why?" "I would kill that scoundrel." And then she laughed. "As it is, being a wo man, all I can do is to go home and cry. Good-bye. 1 can't st:'ay here to talk and ouf-'""--an dau ke belleve. I'll be off. No, don't come with me. Ift''nO? : a mile, and I'd sooner be alone. Safe? Of course I'm perfectly safe. I'm not going near the guns." No sooner had she gone titan he was sorry for it. Accidents happen so easily. In her desperate frame of mind she would " certainly not take precau tions against danger. She might even court it. He ought not 1 to have let her go until the drive. at all events, was over. Yet, when a lady tells one she would rather he alone- I "Poor little soul!" he reflected. "I shouldn't be sorry if Tryon did get be tween me and a pheasant, and if by-ac cident my gun did happen to go off." .\nd then, hearing a shot. he decided just to look round the corner and see if she were safe out of covert. He looke4, Well ! Odd creatures women, to be sure! There site was, with a man just inside the covert-Tryon, of all men, too -laughing and talking away with him, showing her pretty dimples, and smiling up into his face with that charmingly confiding way of hers. Bob shookl his head. "Trying to make a fool of him," he reflected. "That won't do. Tryon's tos old a bird to be caughlt with such ch:ltff." But here tile advent of a fine cock I phleasant salling along effectually di verted his thoughts. And here camte I :tnother, and another. Right, left, be- I hilnd, in front--tie air was full of them. I And so, in this hottest corner of a well stocked covert, with a strong wind driv ing the birds across tile tall tops of a 1 ielt of firs. Mr Sounders for the ne.t t ten minutes had neither time nor incli- i nation to give his mind to anything bu: the work of slaughter. At last the a cannonade meew less and less, dwindling I to an occasional stray shot. and herl were the beaters. Well, like all good things, it was over. No, not quite. i A last shot rang otlt-Tryon, of course! t What luck the man had! The birds simply fly into his mouthl. Not that Air Saunders had anything to complain of, as he put his gun at half-cock, com placently surveyed :1 small heap of empty eartridge-cases and a big heap of I birds, and strolled towards his left-hand neighbor. Nor did he complain. He was just expressing the opinion that, if Tthe day'went on as it had begun, no one would have much to. find - fault With, when -a. serenm--a. woman's "cry for help-startled the pair, and sent them ' post haste down the ride. round the.cor I ner out of the covert. There, Just out side, lay' Colonel Tryon on the ground, I with a frightful wound in hIis head, I from which the blood wuas piouring in streams. lMrs Brooke, by his side--her dress and hands all bedabbled with I blood, her face white and rigid-ruslled I at them. "He shot himself!" she whispered lho:trsely, pointing to the prostrate man. " He did It himself." And, then she hurst into a wild tit of ltughter, which ended in a dead faint. : He did it himself ? Of course - who 1 else could h:tve done it? The loader hadl gone in search of q badly wounded bird, I and Mrs Broake had started home wards. Hearing her name, she tuntled. Colonel Tryon nwas huITylng after her, 1 when he slipped and'fell at her feet. Quite so. There was the proJtecting root of the tree over whichi he must have I tripped, disehnrging his gun, the con tents' of which lodged in the righit elr and caused instant death. A most de plorable accident. No one ever ithought othverwise, except Mr Saunders. Itoe might belleve-as a matter of tfact he did believe--that Mrs Brooke herself. 1 and "not blind fate, was responsible for I the removal of her enemyfrom her path. 1 Thils belief. however, he has carefully I kept to himself. After all, it was no ' business of his. The man was a brute, who richly deserved anything he might get. For the rest-the letters vanished, and there was an end of the matter. All the same, Mr Saunders has never seen his way to accepting of the frequent in vitations given him by Sir James Blunt. He Is delighted to hear of the domestic felicity enjoyed by his old friend, but he does not care to witness it. To tell the truth. he has a distinct aversion to any further communication with Lady Blunt; nor, as he shrewdly suspects, is the sight of him particularly agreeable to her.-"The World." 