T)ic lEoine. By V/ay of Protest. How forlorn and dreary Is the thought I lint for most of us il will not bo enough to die unci"i«» have it said of us, as of one gone hrncv In sumnuT, " 11 !* part in all tIn* pomp that nils The circuit of the .summer hills IN Dial hi.* grave J.s i;reen." Hut that la addition to giving up the dear life we love, the work, the wages, the people wo care for, the bright pleasures and joyous activities, we must also bo dropped for ever from the family talk, (air names shunned, our little ways for gotten, till the places that now know us will literally soon know u» no more. " Don't speflk of to her mother ; she cannot bear it." we say. In tender fear lest we shall lay a rough linger on an aching wound. 41 Don't stir up the grief of that child ; let her go on her light hearted way, and forget her mother (or her father.)" " Don't allude to ; her people are not able to talk about her." And so it goes, from one to another, always ihe motive one of gen tleness, kindness, love, and always the result the same-a gradual and imper ceptible but relentless obliteration of the personality that was lately vital, Im portant, and dominant. One would suppose it a crime or a blunder on the part of the dead to have gone away, leaving themselves so help less that they cannot raJse even the wan ghost of opposition to the oblivion which is tlielr portion. Are they not twice dead, these beloved ones, of whom we never speak, whose little jests and. quips we no longer revive, whose portion it Is ! to be dismissed from the table, the drawing-room, the walk, the drive, from i the Congregations of men, as If they had j never existed ? I Yet by a singular parodox our for gotten dead refuse to be dismissed and Ignored ; this babe in your arms has the trick of eyebrow, the turn of head, whlcli belonged to her grandmother. Thnt college boy has the manner, the pose, the bearing of the young uncle who passed away at Gettysburg, and was burled on the field. Family traits wit) not be blotted out ; they are Im perlshably alive. One's follies, faults, teni|>ers, as well as one's physical pecu liarities, are revived and reappear In successive generations. We die, but It Is in a way as last year's flowers died ; orhers as fair shall step Into our vacant places, and, !o the places will not be vacant ; the ganfc will go on ; the music, the laughter, the dancing feet, the wed ding march, the cradle joy, all will come ag-ain. Yet why must It be, for us and for ours, that, once hurled, we who did love and do rcmcmbor them (should avoid their very mention ? One loves to think of dear fatherless children, who always In the nightly prayers still ask God " to bless papa." Why not ? " God's in his heaven ; All's rleht in nil worlds." Hanger's Bazar." 