FATHER WILFRED'S GHOST.. i By Mbs. Henry Ckosse. Certainty the iippeirauce of Fell moor Grange justified its reputation o* being hpimted. Tlu* approach was by a long winding drive through a pine wood. On the brightest day few of the sun's rays cmild pierce the 8 unhre branches of the trees, through which the wind, when soft and low, sounded like the chanting of a solemn requiem. When the wind rose high an i boisterous the pines swayed to and j fro sullenly bowing their heads before i the tempest's wrath. At no season of the year could one pass up the drive to Fellmoor Grange without being iin pressed with a feeling of awe. The entrance was directly out of the wood, and the front of the bouse overlooked a river from which frequent mists arose, blotting out all view of the sur* rounding country. The large square hall was used by the Staceys—the friends with whom I was staying for Christmas, and who had lately bought the place from the original owners—as a general meeting pfc&e; and very cosy <t looked with £he bright fire burning on the wide open hearth. Over the fire-place bung a life-size portrait of a monk, whose kindly yet searching gray eyes seemed to follow one wistfully. A frank, open countenance, and a stern, grave mouth, with firmly set lips, made an attractive face even to those who knew not its history. On the wall opposite was an equally fascinating picture: a woman, young, with a wealth of dark wavy hair piled j high on a well-poised heal, arched eye-brows, and large brown eyes. At i first sight one would have exclaimed, " What a lovely womar.!" hut closer scrutiny revea'ed something unpleas ing. J.t was the month that marred her otherwise perfect features. The lips, of that vivid red, which so in variably denotes cruelty and deceit, were so thin as to appear little more than a line of scarlet, albeit there lurked at the corners a smile of cynical conjoinnt. As WC nni. arming t.hu fiw> in the gloaming it seemed to me that the eyes of the monk rested upon the fair-faced woman with reproachful pity. " How came you by those two por traits?" I asked. "People do not as a rule sell their family pictures. "No," answerer! my hostess, "but that," pointing to the monk, "is Father Wilfred, confessor to a former Sir Ronald Temple ton. Both Father Wilfred and Sir Ronald, it is said, were murdered by that woman, Sir Ronald's wife. The present Sir Ronald, from whom we bought the plane, did not care to remove the pic tures. 1 will tell you the story. \ v $ ^ ^ T The Inst Sir Ronald who inhabited ti e Grange married when sixty years of age a girl of eighteen. The inar ri>il*e whrfar from Wing a happy one; the young wife craved for cxcitement and plrnsnre, while Sir Ronald greatly disliked having his country home. When Lnni Cy. il Gonynghatn came into possession of Felhnoor Castle— the adjoining estate—be was welcomed as a cheerful addition to their small circle of friends. Sir Ronal l was a martyr to gout, so the visiting was very much on one side. That these visits were a great pleasure, to Lady Templeton was patent to all, atid Sir Ronald was glad that- the monotony of her lif should be relieved. Lady Templeton, weary of the chain which bound ber to her husband, began to count the years when she might be free. She was an attractive woman ; but two people at the Grange she could not fascinate, consequently she bated them—Father Wilfred, her husband's confessor, and Barker the old butler. Early in October the year following Lord Conyngham's arrival, Sir Ranald was taken ill. The cause of his ilness greatly puzzled his doctor. By the end of November he bad so far re covered as to be able to walk through the wood. Upon his return his wife, who appeared anxious and attentive, handed bim a glass of wine. That night Sir Ronald had a relapse! Three days and nights Lady Templeton never left his room, winning much gratiiude for ber care and attention. j Tue third day Barker met Father I Wilfred, who regularly visited the sick man, and in a mys'ereous manner asked him i- o<> the libtvf-y. When the door was closed'he sai l—pointing to a painting of Lady 'L'empleton— "Father, that woman is poisoning my master!" The priest raised his eyes to the portrait, but showed 110 sign of sui • prise either in the expression of his face or in tone of voice, as he calm'y asked what ground had he for so gr«ivt an accusation. For answer Barker opened a cup board and took ont. a wineglass in th< bottom of which was a white sedi ment. "You see that, Father?" said hi. holding th« glass up to the light; "thi is the glass into which my lady jMiuv the wine which my master drank :u hour before he was taken ill. Thi. morning I saw a similar seniinent in the remains of s .-nie soup that cant< from the sick room." When Father Wilfred eulered th< sick room Lady Temple ton was at ;i table upou which stoo.l some medicine | liotties and glasses. One glass war> ' filled ready for the patient; tin** sht I took up and held t > his lips, hut b> turned from it, saying it made ni.i worse. Usually Lady Teiupletrn left the room immediately Father Wilfred arrived, but that day she lingered a< though loth to go. At last she took up the glass containing the medicine and moved towards the door. "Leave it, Lady Templeton; Sir Ronald may take it by and by," said the prei9t; and he took it from her band. The monks of Dale Abbey had iu Sir Ronald a generous benefactor. Father Wilfred, fearing that their friend was fast passing away, decided t:> remain with him through the night that he might soothe his last hours with the rites of the Church* In the early morning Sir Ronald breathed his last, and Father Wilfred left the death chamber, taking with him the medicine he had seen Lady Temple ton hold to her husband's lips. This, by tests he well knew how to apply, he found contained a slow but deadly poison, which had undoubtedly destroyed Sir Ronald. Sending for the wretched woman, of whose guilt he was convinced, he urged he to speak the truth. "Give me time to prepare my con fession, Father," said she with well affected contrition ; " tomorrow I will see you in the library." Tlie following morning upon the arrival of the priest, he was shown into the library, where Lily Toraple ton went to hitu. When or how he left the house none were able tell; but never again was good Father Wilfred seen. Lady Templeton, thinking no one suspected h«r crime but the missing priest, now breathed freely and hoped soon to irarry Lord Cyril Conyngham. But Darker yet regained to avenge Sir Ronald. H • resolved to tell all he knew, with the result that Lady Tenipleton's guilt was pr wed to the satisfaction of jud.^e and jury, and she paid the penalty that in such cases the law dein.uils. The 'i 114 >v u ift'jnv.t;v] < qhut up for many w-iir.s, ail I it win s u I that Father Wilfrei cuui.l sj.aeM.11es be seen walking among the pines. Indeed, we were told abjut the ghost before we bought it, 4: * * T'»e d:dness of the Grange did not ipp ar to sittVct the Stacevs, and a j very merry party we were, sitting MiHid the hall tire <*u Christinas eve. U>mit cloven, Captain Stacey and the young men went out to smoke on the ■f-ace, and a^!«< d us to join thein. A id I moon in a cloudless sky tempted 1- to leave the fireside, and we strolled .own to the lowm- terrace to see the ^rect of the moonlight on the river. I i/os.-iibly it uny h ive been the death ike stillness, and ihe cold soft light .hat produced a feeling akin to awe, •or gradually <>nr voices became uishtid. Suddenly our attention was ■wrested by the sound of a boat. So ! innsual a noise at such an hour on a' December night astonished us con-1 tidei-ably. A bend in the river hid the j ioat, but we could distinctly bear the broke of the oars. Later, when it routitled the bend we saw it contained six figures, attired in the garb of tnoiiks, with cowls drawn over their ;leads. Swiftly and skilfully they steered their boat alongside the Grange boatbouse. We were by this time much al&rmed;, for the monks pre sented a very weird appearance. Captain Stacey called to them several times, but they neither responded nor turned their heads, and when they had steered their boat into the shed ! and no further sound could be heard we returned to the bouse baffled and mystified. Bed was not to be thought of, every one bein# toe nervous to care for the solitude of their own room. A few minutes before twelve a iU>^, lying on the hearth, arose and wt-ut to the door. Soon the animal began to growl ominously. George Btacv opened the door, and the dog rushed out, barking angrily, but he quickly returned shivering, and crouching under the table commenced to howl. I One after another the group round the I fire went to the open doorway to dis cover, if possible, the cause of the dog's alarm. Soon, coming slowly from the other Hide of the house the monks who had passed into the boathouse were seeu returning. Their c*wls were thrown back from their tonsured heads, and they were carrying on a bier the body of a mau ciotbed in like habit to their own. Spell bound and terror stricken we watched their approach. As they passed us a ray of moonlight fell upon the face of the dead man. At the | same time a flickering light from the wood lire illumined the portrait of the monk in the hall. By one impulse every eye was raised to the picture, and "Father Wilfred" was breathed rather than spoken by each of us. Silent as though borne on air the solemn procession turned into tbe avenue of pines, and soon passed out of sight; but softly through the air came the sound of far-off voices chanting. Tiiat we had seen the ghosilv visitants who for yfars had been the terror of ail who passed through the wood at night none could doubt. The building was soon after demolished, when the workmen, upon removing a panel m the library, dis coveted a small square chamber. In j the floor was a trap door whicb, upon j being raised, revealed a narrow, dark! flight of steps leading down to tbej river. From the river, en trance could I be obtained by removing certain stonesj which concealed che door at tbe bot-j torn of the steps. | That Father Wilfred had beenii the chamber was proved by finding old Breviary in whicb his name w written. It would seem that thi secret chamber was known to monks of Dale Abbey, and w&e; Father Wilfred failed to return came by boat to search for bim. Fin' ing him murdered, they passed tbrotg the library, which had a glass opening on to tbe terrace, and carrtl his body through the wood to | Abbey. Many years have passed since Iftj moor Grange was destroyed* country people around d»'plare monks still walk through the wood and may lie heard chanting: requiem. E)t{flixh_ paper. 