SCOTLAND YARD. BV DRYRLGWER. Alas for another illusion that's gone, Which long we have tenderly cherished ; It's glories, which once like a meteor shone, Have faded away till they perished. The great Scotland Yard regarded with awe, As the house of the cunning detective Has shown us the weak ineffectual paw Which muddles all cases dissective. With the greatest of ease It's shattered the wheeze That the time-honored D.'s Are effective. How oft when a boy I've read with delight How a criminal, cornered while flying, Would turn like a wolf and doggedly fight With a man who was careless of dying. That man was a D.. and we all knew him well By the pseudonym neat of a sleuth : But we learn from the manner they bungled with Bell 'Twas merely a fiction of youth. And I'm feeling annoyed That my time I employed . With stories devoid Of the truth. The D. of romance was a fictional feast, He'd an eye like a wide-awake weasel ; He'd assume in a second the twang of the Bast. Or converse with the grace of a TeaseL He could follow with ease the smell of a clue, He could lurk in a. hundred disguises, And further and further his victims he drew, Till he nabbed 'em by cunning surprises. But a blush to my face For the methods of chase In the dynamite case Arises. 'Twas just about time to throw up the sponge, When Tynan was ordered from France : That rap then increased to a palpable lunge, Till they hadn't the ghost of a chance. So a cheer for the D.'s and their wonderful ways. With their nous and acumen collective ; May they keep to themselves, while reading these lays, Their warmest and choicest invective, And I'm sure you'll agree That an " f " for a t" In detective, Would fit pretty well; so their title should be Defective. The committee of the newly-formed Coolgardie Swimming < 'lub have decided to hold their inaugural meeting on Tuesday. March 16 Very extensive preparations are in hand, and every effort is being made to pa^e the way for a perfcct success. The programme will not be so lengthy as the last entertainment. but two hours' solid racing, without intervals, is what is aimed at. Handsome prizes will be offered and a really good evening's sport can be expected. Members of the Swimming Club in the meantime can obtain cheap tickets f jr the baths . from the secretary, A. E. Simpson, Hunt-street, to enable them to train and be in first-class condition for the 16th. Coolgardie has another hotel, and it can be safely said that the latest addition to the hostelries of the town, " The Australia," will be the finest here. On the 24th ult. the Australia was opened for business, but the formal celebration of the event will take place when the decorations, which are on an elaborate scale, are completed. The management of the hotel is in the hands of Mr. Wilson Dunn, and he states that it is intended to run the establishment on lines similar to those of the leading hotels in Australasia, and, where possible, he purposes going one better. 