Variorum 12otez. The work of photographing the heavens proceeds at Greenwich Observatory. Over 1,365 plates have been taken, leaving nearly 1,000 yet to be secured to complete the map. Oarlyle, when a child, having saved in a teacup three bright halfpence, and a poor old Shetland beggar with a bad arm coming to the door, gave him all his treasure. 'The feeling of happiness was most in tense,' said Oarlyle, ' I would give £100 now to have that feeling for one moment.' In the Sunday Magazine Mr. George T. Brown writes an interesting account of the Rev. George Jackson'B work in the Edin burgh Mission. After sketching the history of Methodism in Edinburgh up to the time of Mr. Jackson's appointment, he describes a Sunday evening spent at the Synod Hall. He seems to have been very much aston ished at the size of the congregation. 'The weather,' says the Methodist Churchman , 'is supposed to be a last resort in social chat, but the following is such a good story that our readers will doubtless find it more than interesting. It is also an improvement on many modern sermons in that it carries such an excellent application with it — at least for some people : ? ' Can you tell me what sort of weather we may expeot next month ? ' wrote a farmer to his country paper, and the editor replied as follows : — ' It is my belief that the weather next month will be very like your subscription bill.' The farmer wondered for an hour what the editor was driving at, when he happened to think of the word ' unsettled.' He sent a postal order.' Dr. Abel Stevens, author of several volumes on the ' History of Methodism,' and one of the American Methodist giants, died at San Jose on Saturday morning, September 11, in his eighty-third year. He waB the only man ever elected to the office . of Editor of the New York Christian Ad vocate Who declined it. He was highly respected, loved, and honoured by a large circle of readers and friends. His 'History of Methodism ' is ihe American standard history. — Methodist Recorder. The Methodist Churchman (South Africa) has a very appreciative article on the Eight Hon. Cecil J. Rhodes. We learn that one of his first acts on reaching Rhodesia, on bis recent visit, was to lay the foundation-stone of our new church at I Bulawayo, and he has frequently placed himself in sympathetic relationships with ?our work, showing hiB sympathy in a very practical manner. The same journal says: 'Several churches in South Africa are seeking ministers at the present time. An adver tisement in the catalogue of a Birmingham curiosity dealer may have escaped the notice of stewards and deacons. It runs — ' Clergymen. — A fine collection of 200 clergymen, consisting of Protestant minis ters, Roman Catholics, Wesleyan Metho dists, Unitarians and Presbyterians. Nice clean lot, 5s.' The price is not extrava gant certainly. The tenants have fled from a house in Gravesend, lumps of coal, so it was said, having been flung about the premises by a ♦ghost.' 