THE SHADOW ON THE, MOOR. 14 Tbec'd hotter stay 'ere awver night,' The speaker was the landlord of a very small Devonian inn, or, rather, public-house, in one | of those little villages which fringe the borders 1 of Dartmoor ; the listener a young man in tonrist costume, who was adjusting a knapsack on his shoulders. ' Aye, aud for a few nights beyond too. I suppose,' retorted the .traveller rather sharply, for ho was uotjn tho best of temjrarp. 'Vivian .Grey was a struggling Iwater- colour artist, who spent tho summer tramping about like Dr. Syntax, 44 in search of tbepicturesquo' transferring choice bits of scenery to bits sketch book for later working up ioto pictures. Ho was not without some talent ; bab the bill' of Parnassus is nnvdr an. oasy ascent for cither painter or poet, and Vivian's caruiogsfrom bis profession wore but scanty at present. There fore, after putting up with rather second-rato K accommodation at this small wayside hostolry, \- 4 he was annoyed to find that bis bill amounted to ?? r*V about what he would have paid at Plymouth r or Exeter for better usage. Ho had borne with ?| tho discomforts of the little ' pub ' for a day !*-r two whilo ho completed somo sketches in the vicinity, and now discovered that the keepers of the Rhino hotels arc not the only.Bonifscnn who count the 44 views*' of local scenery .as . items to be charged for, directly or tudirectly, in their bills. Not that mino host'jS claim was a very ; 3nrge one, but Viviau; like many another traveller, cherished visions of tho ideal inn of ? i 44 Swoet Auburn ' (did; such; over exist out of j a poem ?), and thoughtresentfully that the hard bed, and the inferior cooking, and the noise , mado by the convivial occupants of the tap i-oom in tho evenings, t-hould havo been taken account of in tho charges, aud have diminished them by a shilling or two. So, though tho tourist paid without discussion, ho did so with somo smothered annoyance, and responded sar castically to tho landlord's invitation to pro« y* bis stay. Bat the, latter was apparently heedless of the intended' satire. 'It be Midzumraer Eve to«night,' he re y- marked stolidly. 44 Ob, and I suppose you mean I shall meet ilio pixies on the moor.' / ' Not the pixies, but the sperrits, maybe.' | I'm not afraid of either, sperrits or bogies,' Teplied the young man, taking up his stout walking-stick ; ' a mist over the moor is tho j only thing I should fear, aud there is not much chance of that on such a fine svening,' .and he .passed quickly ont of tbe inn, for ho proposed to walk another six or seven miles before dark, *nd the sun was already westering. 1 'I wudden go if I was thee,' persisted honest Boniface, but as his late guest was already tramping down the lane he merely shook his head, and returned to his tap-room in ' | silence. It was indeed a most beautiful summer's evening, and as Vivian climbed the steep, nar row lane which leti down to the village from the higher moorland above (West country ..ri folk usually wisely nestle their habitations under or at the side of tho hills, mindful of tho winter gales and snowstorms) he was tempted constantly to turn and linger, surveying the wide spreading landscape ..with . all an artist's delight. Indeed, when, he at last emerged upon tho moor the painter could not resist halt ing for awhile under the shade of a group of .granite tors to gaze on the fair scene beneath him, lying so calm and peaciful, bathed in the Suuset light. Vivian had. been on foot since the early ^... morning, workiug bard to finish his sketch. The day had been hot and fatiguing, and he .... l .bad managed, in spite of tho indifferent cook it;- ,' pry and heavy beer, to make, a substantial f.;:i aneal before quitting the inn. Lying luxuri ously .upon his plaid, with his knapsack . under. Aiis head, ho gradually dropped into a comffirt i able sleep,. He woke at length, as everyone Joes from such unauthorised slumbers, with a .sudden start, a sensation of having been asleep Tor mopths or years, and a general feeling of Chilliness and stiffness. The young man sprang up hastily .,He. had actually s'epfc for over two hours.; it was not eight o'clock wheu he last remembered glancing at his ^atch, and decid ing that he really must move ' in a minute or . two,', and now the old church clock, far away .beneath him, wab slowly striking ten. Fortu nately tbe!moon was up, and at ib foil. Under its clear silvery light every object was as distinct ?as at midday ; no fear this evening of that dread of all Dartmoor travellers, a ' moor toist,' .For a moment Vivian hesitated whether be should return to his former hostelry, but his pride revolted at this, in a way, seeming to accept the landlords suggestion. No, he would push on to : Tavistock, where, in a .town with good hotels, he would be sore to find someone up {or readily wakeablo) even at a late hour in the r evening. So, shouldering his knap-sack, tho ji young man stepped out briskly. It was very silent all round, not a sound, not a movement ? . .anywhere. This uller solitude of the moor, »?/ l . impressive even in the daylight, was infinitely more so in the quiet of the night. As ho tramped along Vivian at first thought how delightful and beautiful was this stillness ; ^ then, as tho intense quiet grew almost oppressive, !he felt that it would be an advantage 41 to have a companion to whom he might exclaim: * How charming is solitude ! ' At lengtb( after about au hour's steady tramp, ho began to find him self decidedly tired and hungry, and to opine c-;- that the sight of the good town of Tavistock, .a lyiug beneath him in the valley, would be a j more agreeable prospect that even the loveliest riV 41 moonlight effects ' over tbe moor. He was aware that he should have been within sight of ? i ' his destination by. this time bad be kept on the 1 right road, but still seeing nothing but the moorland around, the disugrecable suspicion that he had missed the proper track began to force 1 : itself ou his mind.' It is, in truth, as easy to *' loose one's way on Dartmoor, even in full day ' light, as to lose one's purse in a Loudon. crowd. ljh Distauces are deceptive in theclear atmosphere, v i and the apparent landmarks made by the many tors prove most deceitful ; for all those grauito ! piles so exactly resemble one another that, as a i -y, candid guide book remarks, ' descriptions of .!' them onty serve to mislead the tourist ' ; who, 4, 1 indeed, is often deceived by the fancied recog. | ' nitiou of some particular tor, led to shape his i path accordingly, und to lose Us way. | '.V'/)n stumbliug hastily to his feet after his \ rJL^ber/Vivian had, in fact, turned the wrong | , V.^y, aud was now walking iu quite a contrary . j 'sion to the one which ho wished to pursue. *?1 ' bud unfortunately lost his usual guide, his ft ? pocket compass, that very morning, and could '? naw only trudge on, trusting, at the worst, to jlj come to somo farmhousn where he' might obtain 4* quarters for the night. Moonligh , with its deep $ shadows, is rather a perplexing guide by which fx to find an unknown road ; and as Vivian I'ip splashed into more than one bog he began to I remember the legends of 14 prixy led ' travellers { who hud wandtrcd ' about the moor until day ?-ll light, and to reflect ruefully that he himself 1 seemed likely to 44 make a uight of it '* in tbe open. 44 I'll try for a farmhouse, anyway,' Vivian said to himself, turning off the moor into a lane which skirted |t for a while, and which he thought mi^ht probably lead to some habita tion, if but a cottage. v* J The lane was dark as woll as narrow, but as Viviau walked briskly down it he fancied he ) heard a light step behind him. He turned round, but could see nothing, spoke and re h ? ') , (f ceived no' reply, and yet, as ho resumed his progress, it certainly appeared that a footstep, a light, swift footfall, was following him. Vivian was not a nervous man, but there is always something unpleasant in being, thus silently; followed in tho dark ; grasping his Btick he. swung ro^nd sharply and called to know 'who was there ?''bnt all was .darkness and silence. It seemed unlikoly that anyone should be lurking in so solitary a placo for purposes of robbery ; but the young man felt, that he should be glad to get back upon the moor again, and hurried along the rough part towards an opening, where the moonbeams fell clearly. Was it; fancy, or did the light, quick steps behind him hasten, too ? ' ; ' It's only some animal/' thou 'it the travoller ; but it was a relief, all the same, to ' quit the lane and, to find himself besido a cot tage, although, to his' disappointment, tho habitation, proved deserted and partially roof less, the door hanging by one hinge, the whole building falling into decay. 'I'm so dead boat that I've half a mind to camp in horo till daylight,' thought the young man to himself, us he .pushed his way, into tho desolate interior, disturbing a large owl as hes did so. But there was something singularly un attractive and desolate-looking in the appear ance of this ruin, something . inexplicably re pellent like tho ' sense of fear,' which Hood has described as brooding over the—' flaunted House ' of bis.pncm. ' If I were a superstitious fellow, I should say that some crime had been committed here, aud the cottage abandoned afterwards,' thought Vivian, with a shudder, born partly of fatigue, partly of tho situation. ' It's abominably lonely here,' he said aloud ; ' if I'm bound to make a night camping out, I wish I'd someone to keep mo compuuy.' Was the wish prophetic ? As' be spoko Vivian moved out of the half-ruined porch into the open, where the moon shono clear ; and there — was he dreaming? — two shadows fell distinctly upou the, sward — his own. and an other's ! ' What do yoa mean by dogging mo in this way ?' cried the artist, fiercely turning on bis imaginary assailant ; but there was no one visible. He hastily dashed back into the' cot- tage and searched its rooms—only two ; tho upper floors, if any such had existed, had been removed, or had fallen away, but he. found no one. And yet, to. account for the shadow fall ing where it did, the substance .which pro jected it must have certainly stood just behind him. 'lam growing .as nervous as. a cat,, that's what it is,' thought- the young nian passing out of the door again, and persuading himself that all which ^e had seen and heard was mere fancy. Yet be could not forbear glancing again ou tho grass, and there— -oh, horrible ! lay the double shadows ; one his own, recognis able by the outline of his straw hat, the other, vague, shapeless, but distinctly visible. Vivian was no coward, and he steeled him self resolutely, ' It's just the shadow of the cottage gable,' he said aloud (for there .was comfort in bearing even his own voice in tho utter silence aruund him. ' I'll walk ou and think no more of these fooleries,' and he stepped out sturdily, far away from all possible shadow of the cottage. And tbe two uhadows^ side by side, sped swiftly over tbe morn* ; while that footstep (very soft now, as if it was deadened by the, heather) kept pace behind him. ;Vivian desperately shut his eyes for a few moments and walked on, but his straining ears still caught that light footfall at his back. He opened his eyes and halted. He' was standing in an utterly solitary place ; no tree nor tor near to throw a shadow ; and yet two distinct outlines lay at his feet. He unstrapped and throw away his knapsack, which might, he. strove to .think, bo accountable for that other reflection — the knapsack lay with its own shadpw behind it, but the other mysterious out line still flickered and moved besido bis own. It was undefined in actual form, , but palpably thecp ! . . '' I shall go off my chump altogether if this sort of thing keep^, on,' thought Vivian, as a . cold sweat bedewed his brow. There was some thing so unutterably. horrible, in this nameless haunting presence. He set off to walk rapidly, ho scared ^not in what direction, only anxious to shako off this awful companion ; but, move where be would, close by his side flitted the Bhudow, close behind tripped that soft step. Tbeu he shouted aloud, and adjured the Thing, whatever it was, to speak, or to appear in any other form but this ; but not a sound broke the silence of tbe quiet summer night. He swung ronnd as if to surprise his unwelcome companion ; he ,even thrust his hands behind bim in the attempt to clutch it, but only grasped the air. As he ran, or walked, or stood still, that twin shadow kept pace with his own, waving and moving, and at times melting into it, exactly as the shadow of a human companion would have doue 'I shall go stark mad,' Vivian almost wailed at length, that awful form of fear— fear of the; supernatural and- tho unknown— beginuiug to overwhelm him. If he could but face the Thing ! . .A sudden idea occurred to him ; liftiug up his eyes, he saw a heap of boulders not far away. 'I will force the thing, ghost or devil, to come out from behind me,' he muttered, and began to run towards the granite stones, nhilo the footsteps sped, swiftly after him, and the twin shadows raced side by side in the moon light. Breathless and exhausted Vivian dashed up to the largest block of stone and placed bis back firmly against it. ' Now,' he cried, ' lurk behind me longer if you can.' Clear at his feet lay his own shadow, clear by its side flickered tho other outline; and asVivian turned wildly to glauce at the granite masses above him be fancied he heard a low mocking laugh, as of one who had triumphantly out witted an antagonist. The cup of horror was now full ; Vivian was conscious of a frantic clutch at the boulders, a crash of falling stones, then durkness aud oblivion. It was a startling experionce for a quiet Dartmoor farm labourer, passing to his . work next morning, to come upou u young gentleman lying insensible among a quantity of fallen stone at the foot of the tors. Save for the io quinitive sagacity of this shepherd's dog, who, having first investigated the strange sight for himself, persisted iu attracting bis msater to the spot. Vivian Grey might have died before he was rescued. As it was, his discovercr found bim lying ?.ti a state of unconsciousness, with a sprained. c.ukle and sundry contusions resultant from a fall amid stones ; and when oarried by kindly hrods to the nearest farmhouse (where the Good Bamaritaus its owner willingly placed their spavo bedroom at tbe traveller's dis posal) it was many days before lie could give any clear accouut of himself, though he raved incessantly about shadows and footsteps and the demons who haunted the moor. ' And it'fl my belief he's been misled by the sperrits of the lane,' said the comcly old farm dame, confidently, to the doctor ' Polks do say that she walks still on Midsummer Kve, you know zir' ' How can sensible women liko yourself bo lieve such nonsonse, Mrri. Prior P' replied tho local Esculapius ; 'why, your very grand children would laugh at tho foolish tale.' ' Is s, zir,' said Mrs Prior bridling, ' as oil knad ? . that tho young folks be n , mighty sight, wisr.* than their ciders nowaday — it's a differ ent world sence I was young.' ' It's plain enough what's Happened to this young fellow,' ' remarked tho doctor, as be adjusted a fresh bandage round Vivian's foot ; ' lie lost his way on the moor and then slipped down trying to climb among tbo tors. I cxpcct he fainted with the pain of this sprained ankle, and then got a chill lying in the dews, which has landed him in a pretty attack of rheumatio fever; but ho'a a stout young fellow, and will round well enough,! thiAk; only you won't be rid of bim for a few weeks yet.' J} I be sure tbe poor gentleman's welcome enough to tho room so long as he wants un,' said kindly Mrs. Prior ; and it was, indeed, only after somn demur that she agreed to accopt Viviau upon the 44 paying guest' footing, ft positiou which he naturally insisted on assum ing, as soon as he recovered from his delirium and learnt where be was, and how he had been found on tho moor, ; Dreud of ridicule kopt yivian silent upon tbo subject of bis fancied vision. lie had, indeed, attempted to mention something of it to the doctor, but met with so little encouragement that ho soon desisted. Perhaps, after all, the 'fever had been upon him. earlier than ho had beon aware of, and the supposed sights and sounds of that terrible night's journsy wero but delusions— tbe first symptoms of a coming ill ness. But when allowed to descend to Mrs. Prior's snug . parlour he found tho household in a great state of excitement. On turning over bis small possessions, Vivian discovered that a pencil case wbich ho greitly valued had been broken from his watch chain. Thinking that it might have been caught by some of tho stones among which he had fallen he bad requested tbe children of tbe - house to search amid tbe tors for it on their next half holiday, promising a small reward to its finder. The juveniles accordingly set off for the moor; but though they failed to recover the artist's, pencil-case they soon reached home- full of a greater dis covery, which put all other matters out of their minds, Vivian's aimless clutch at tho granite boulders hnd displaced one of the blocks of stone ?bove him. The rescuing party had been too occupied with the traveller to pause to examine his sur roundings ; but the children, climbing and peering about the tor at once discovered that this stone had masked the entrance to a fair sized cavity amid the rocks. Anything like a ' cave ' is irresistibly attractive to every well constituted boy, and Tommy and Billy worked diligently to enlarge the opening until they could peep within— and'beheld a man's skeleton, yet held together by a few moulderiog remains of rrhat bad0 once been clothes or wrappings, some silver shoe-buckles, and * few coins of a century and a-half ago lying amid the dust of what had probably been a purse \ Tommy and Billy, horribly scared, and yet greatly elated -at becoming the bearers of such an astonishing piece of news, fled back, to the farm on the wings of the wind. ; then for weeks, nay, months, the whole locality was in a delicious state of excitement, marvel, and questioning. Doctors, and coroners, and juries, and all manner of inquisitive and irresponsible inquirers came to view,' and to ' sit,' and to 14 investigate ' into the dark secret which those grey stones had concealed for so many years, and Tommy and Billy were the envy of all their juvenilo companion?, owing to tbe local importance with which their strange dis covery invested them. 44 Local tradition,' which lingers so long in rural districts, and is more reliable than some folks believe, assisted in piecing together possible explanation of the presence of the tkeleton in its strango rcsting-place. ; In the earlier half of the last century it. was remem bered that an elderly mail had resided in tbo ruinous cottage wbero Vivian had experienced so disagreeable a shock. This man t was uot a uative of tbe place ; he. lived a hermit life ; none knew whence he came or what was his occupation ; but it was whispered that he was a miser, and that gold and silver were concealed in his poor abode. After residing for some years in solitude, making no acquaintances and ad mitting no visitors, he was suddenly joined by an elderly hord-featured woman who described herself as bis daughter, and announced that she had come to live with him and keep his house. It was said in the neighbourhood that the old man was greatly disturbed by her appearance, and received her with the utmost reluctance. Passers-by the cottage bad often heard the pair engaged in angry discussion, and it was - hinted that some guilty secret was shared between them, and that the old man's very obvious fear of his daughter might bo the result of a dread of her revealing it. However, the woman made good her footing, and remained, and grew to be a power in the vicinity. She professed to be able to tell foitnnes,rover£e spells, act generally as a 41 white witch ' ; certainly she possessed » skill in tbe uso of what she termed 4tyarbs' (i.e., herbs), wbich brought her many customers. Bnt it was an illicit, unholy kind of trade which she drove ; and tbe louely lane, her usual cousulting-room, had witnessed some strungo scenes. Pious and strict-living villagers shook their heads when Prue's name was mentioned ; but prodigal youths and foolish maidens, and many a local black sheep, found a complaisant friend, a useful ally ; and, though many a farmer cursed her under his breath for a witch, everyone was outwardly civil to a woman whom all feared. Mean time the-old man 44 broke ' visibly, and it was suld that the woman tyrannised cruelly over him. One day he disappeared. Prudenco. wheu her father's absence was remarked upon, ansffercu briefly that he had gone away to re side at Plymouth, she believed, being tired of a country life, and had made over tbe cottage to her. It was no ooe's business bo con tradict her, or to inquire further. Rural folk, iu the days of tbe early, Georges, were not given to much investigation into tho private affairs of 14 strangers ' who bad settled among them ; so, though it was thought strange thut the old mau should have gone away thus suddenly and silently, and apparently on foot, he had come into tho neighbourhood equally mysteriously, aud only vanished as he had arrived.' One person, a client of Prudence's, romembered hav ing heard a furious altercation raging betwecu tbe father and daughter the evening before the former was missed, and before this visitor had rapped at the cottage door ho had overheard the womau say passionately. 14 Yes, you thought you had hidden yourself from me here, but I sold my soul for that money as well as you d;d, und 1 will have my share if I take your life to get it.' This young man had always an uncomforC able suspicion about tho fate of the old miser, but ho was too muoli in tbo power of the 'white \ witch,' who knew somo ugly tecrets about him, j to venture to make his doubts public in her ! lifetime. But there came a day when Prud- 1 cuce'8 obliging uso of 44 yarbs ' (at the instigor tion of a young farmer, who wished to conceal , some awkward passages in bio former career), resulted in the death, by design or accident, of an uufortuuato girl whom the fickle suitor \- had thrown over for a wealthier bride, and this matter was too serious to ba ' hushed up.' An | -uJi^utnt crowd set out for the cottage, the mob nving vengeance against the 44 wise woman,' , i,u local constables charged with a wurraut for tbi; woman's apprehension ou a capital charge. But Pi- udenco had passod beyond tho juris diction of enrthly tribunals ; for when aftor vainly asking for udmittuuee the cottago door wus forced open the wretchcd woman was found lying' on her bed dead, with an expression of such horror upon hor countenance as almost justified tbo village assertion that 44 tho dovil h'd strangled her.' ** Death from poison ' was tho verdict of, the doctor, and, taking all tho circumstances of tho case into consideration, it was not surprising that a local coroner's jury pronounced a felo do so ; nor. that the orthodox 'cross- road' burial place selected for tho miserable woman waa at tho foot of the lonely lane which led to her cottage. As had been suspccted, a rather large amount of money, and some valuable (though ; broken up) jewellery was found hiddeu in the I cottage ; bat no inquiries availed to discover I any trace of tbe old man who had previously disappeared. The cottage (which he had pur chased on his first coming to the neighbour hood) fell into a ruin, none caring to occupy it; for it was rumoured that Prudence's restless spirit was still ; wont to 44 walk ' in the lane, where so many wickcd secrets had been once whispered into her ears. Years passed by, tbe story became half forgotten, but there was an occasional talk that 44 the sperr^t ' had been seen or heard of ! again; Midsummor's Eve, tho date on wbich tho old man was last seen alive, being usually selected for these manifcst&tio; is. ' Bnt I doubt the witch'll walk now; seeing the old man 'ave had Christian burial,' .re marked good Mrs, Prior, alluding to tbe inter ment of the skeleton, which had taken placo after the 44 investigations.' had been con cluded. Local opinion, at least, was satisfied that these nameless remains were those of the old miser ; tbe shoo-buckles discovered with the bones bearing his initials, the coins found cor responding in date with the time of his dis appearance. That his unnatural daughter had murdered tho old man, carried or dragged his body to its hiding-place amid the rocks (ho was a Bmall, withered old man, she a tall, stalwart woman), seemed at least more than probable ; the villagers . had no doubt about the matter, Who tho father and daughter were, from whence they came, by what guilty means they had be como possessed of the treasure found in their cottage, were mysteries which the pair had carried with them to their graves. Vivian heard all this story from Mrs. Prior during his. tedious convalescence, while belay on the hard uncomfortable sofa of her 44 best parlour ' iu tho evenings, and his kindly host ess sat knitting by his side, chatting to 14 cheer bim up a bit.' And amid this flow of friendly chat Vivian was tempted to give the good woman his ver sion of what be had seen, or believed he had seen, tbat night on the moor. Mrs. Prior listeued with full and cheerful faith. 44 Theo'st heer old Prue's step, and see her shadow, sir, sure enough,' sho promptly re plied, 44 and you iddon the only, person aB thicky dead old witch 'ave a' frightened nigh out ot their lives if folks speak true. Maybe, she've been trying all these years to drive folks nigh where she hid the old man, that he mun come to a decent grave at last. I doubt if she'll walk so much now, seeing ber father's buried rightful.' Viviau Grey at least never tosted the matter, for whether bis late nocturnal experiences bad been merely an hallucination or an actual reality he never again attempted to traverse country roads alone after nightfall after his encounter with that fearful 44 Shadow on the Moor.' 