ITBITHEE WIDOW FOE WIFE, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ABJUKQEIXEKT. BsM.RO. MALEN. Author of 'A Daughter of the Philistines,' 'For Her Sake, ? Only a Heathen.' 'The Stolen Will,' 'Two Countesses,' 'The Shadow Haul,'' ' Esther,*1 ' Grenlle's Wife,' [oopykight] Chapter XVHL— A Paib or Diplomats. Lois always breakfuted in her own sitting room, and Mrs. Uuncombe broke the tidings of Willie's subpoena to her very gently. ' I cant ,eee tiiat it matters,' she said, ' for what can Willie know ? Only it tiorriei him, poor boy.' Loia made no comment on her mother's information, but as she was leaving the room she observed qnieUy : ' I Bbonld like to speak to Willie before he coes out, nmmmPi Will you ask himtto come and went away, very glad that her unplea sant task was over, and had left Lois so calm. 'I won't go. It will do no good,' Willie answered, when he received Loin's message, and he persisted in his refusal for full ten minutes. Then he said passionately, ?' If she will, she must.' an enigmatical phrase to Mn. Dtracombe, and inarched straight upstairs with the air of a martyr going to the stake. It would have been difficult to eay which was the paler, be or Loia, as their faces touched in a good -morning kuB, but she was the calmer of the* two. at any rate. 'You know why I wanted to see yon, Willie ?' she said. » Yes,' answered Willie, who felt aa if he were choking. ' Yott moat know something, and they must know you do, or you would not have been summoned as a witness.' ' Yea,' said Willie again. He did not feel equal to anything bat monosyllables at that 'Then what is it?' she asked firmly. Willie had expected this question* but he was no less overcome than if he had been quite unprepared. ' You had better not ask,' he murmured, presently, and his voice sounded harsh and odd in bis own ears. ' Though I shan't tell you anytiow.' ' Yes you will,' and she hud her hand gently on hi*. *' I know you want to spate roe oat oE kindness. But it is no kindness really. I want hardening, not softening, Willie, if I am to live throaph the next thre: weeks. What did you see?' '* It is not what I saw that matters so much. It is what I heard. 'Then what did you hear ?' sbe per sisted. Seeing sbe was so determined, Willie blurted out the truth then, and Lois's face went whiter, if pos&ible;, as she listened. Bat presently a gleam of hope brightened her dim eyes. ' You need not volunteer this. Willie,' ahc ?aid. 'Of course, I would not ask you to tell a lie for the world ; but we are all of os at liberty to keep silent if we wish. And you can't be questioned directly, because nobody knows you were np in tbe tree and beard the conversation between Clement and Captain Crawford. *' True ; I never thought of that,' responded Willie, brightening. ' I've never said it before, and I don't want you to trouble about it, bat I half fancied at the time that Clement caught sight of me, though I wouldn't admit it. However, it wouldn't matter if be did, as far as I can see. I thought if I went into court I should be booed to tell all I knew.' ' You are simply oonnd to answer the ' Bat won't they ask me if I knew of any cause of qoatrel between the two?'' 'Let ub hope not; let as pray not,' she said, her voice trembling. ' Bat even then, you need not actually betray Captain Crawford. No one must erer know what he ?aid about having found t difficult to hold his band.' ' Bat I may aay that Clement struck him, may Inotf ?*If you are obliged. We don't want to ahow there was provocation for the murder. Indeed, you most help me to save htm, Willie, because he is an innocent man.' ' How do you know 7' Lois told him, reluctantly, of the apparition ehe had seen at the four cross roads.. she added, impressively, 'but, as you know, does not exist, and I saw my husband then as nst over the place where the suicides used to to be buried. Why should be have appeared to me there unless there were some special reason for it ?' 'It does look strange,' agreed Willie, ' Only, yon see, this is not the sort of thing you could put before jnrv.' ' I don't mean tn'put it before them, but I tell you, of counte.' she answered, with a con fidential air that flattered Willie immensely. 'I thought yoa would feel differently, perhaps, if yoa knew.' Willie said nothing ; batitroaybeownedthat if Clement, Oeoe'e spirit bad appeared at every cross-road in die kingdom it would never have induced him to believe that he had not been murdered by Captain Crawford. Still be was glud to leave her this comfort. It was always safe to be silent, as Kitty bad said. ' You won't say more than you can help, anyhow f Lois went on, coaxingly. ' I know that It seems hard that I should have brought «o much trouble on yoa all,' sbe continued, ' bat I am afraid I was born nader an unlucky star, and not meant to be happy myself or to make others happy ; but it won't be for long.' 'What do you mean?' inquired Willie, anxiously. ** I think tin. Lawton is right, and I am not long for this world,' she answered, mith out so much as a tremor in her sweat, faint voice. ' Whoever told you that humbug ?' in quired WUHe, blustering to hide bis feelinge. ' She told me herself. She came to see me ' on purpose,' and Lois smiled a little. '* She thought it her duty, she said.' 'Confounded old fool!' mattered Willie. ' If I cared to live I suppose I shouldn't believe her,' replied Loia. ' Bat I am afraid 1 done The world is to lull ot trouble, and to me I shall be much better oat of it.' 'Pdhaw!' exclaimed Willie. ''You'd be all right if you'd cheer np a hit. It's no use grieving over spilt milk, after aJL What you want, I believe, is change of air and tonics,' and Willie looked very wise. 'kay, what I want ia hope. If Captain Crawford is acqnitud I shall live ; if be is hanged I shall die, because I shall know I have been the ruin of an innocent man.' 'Bat that's jast morbidity, you know,' retorted Willie, with quite an elderly, pro fessional air. 'Because it stands to reason it Has nothing to do witu you. ** You say that because you don't under stand. It has everything to do with me.' 'Came now, that's nonsense, yoa know, for you didn't egg him on,' said Willie, force t ling hid role in his anxiety to reassure ' Egg who on ? What do yoa mean V inquired Loia, opening her eyes very wide, embarrassment. ** I Tifwn that when men quarrel because they arc food of the same girl, it is very often she — humph ! —who has egged them on, don't yoa know, jast to gratify her vanity ; and you aren't capable of that.' Willie felt like a MachUvelli, and wondered if he ought not to go in for diplomacy, he bad extricated himself from an embarrassing position with so mack tact and cunning. What he had meant was that Lois bad not helped to the murder, and, of coarse, he must uot take the tone that there had been a murder, and certainly not that Captain Craw ford bad committed it, if so. But he felt so little equal to continuing this MflpJiia.irpllinn policy of hia» he decided to get away before he committed himself, and rose to his feet. Bat Lois's band still rested on his con strdininglyt and because of its weakness he coald not break away from it ' Don't go just yet, Willie,' ehe said. ' It id so nice co nave you, ana j. want' 10 cats 10 you about the shooting.' Willie sat down agaiu without a word. ' i'apa seemed to think I ought to let it.' Lois went on, in a soft, cooing voice. Her troubles bad icade a diplomat of her, as well as Willie. ' But I thougfatyou would like it, dear, and I sse no need to deprive myself of the pleifiure of giving you this treat uhen I have so much more money than I know how to speed.' ' But yoa see I shan't be at home most of the time.' 'No, but papa will make op parties now and then, when you are away, and there will be the Christmas holidays. I want you to have a pood time. The only comfort I have in my money is seeing that it is of some use to others. Millions would not bay me either happiness or life, if Captain Crawford were hanged.' Seeing an odd look on Willie's face, she hastened to add : 'Not because I love bin. — or loved him rather. It would be shameless of me to be thinking even of each thinga jast after my hu*b*na's death, bat becanse, aa I told you jast now, and I am the cause of all his misfortunes. A little courage and common sense would have saved us all. Clement would have been alive still. Captain Crawford's good name uoaesaUed, and I without cause for Belf-reproach ; bat then I bad neither, and so you tee what bu happened.' Willie looked at her reflectively. He had heard that when people were weak they sometimes had delusions, and be began to complaint In that case she might never have been to tbe croEs-roads, or seen anything there that could be taken for a ghost, and be ne^-d not attach the smallest importance to her self-accusations. Bat he mustn't contradict her, of course, or she would Ret excited, and so he eiid in a soothing tone : ' Bat it is no use worrying over what is passed, Lois. We all of us do a lot of things we are sorry for afterwards, you know.' ?' Little things, bat not really big ones that have terrible consequences for others.' ' Ob, yes, we do ; and yoa are sensitive, and exaggerate. I have no doubt Captain Crawford will get off,' added Willie, men* dacioualy, 'and then you'll get away from Gray don for a while and forget all this un pleasant business. Come, do cheer np, that's a darling ! We couldn't bear to lose yoa, and that's what it will come to if yoa don't take care.' Willie's boyish comforting touched some chord of feeling which the others bad not been able to reach, for Lois dropped her bead on to bis broad shoulder, and burst into tears, to his embarrassment and gratification both. 'Dear old boy!' she eobbed out 'Yoa have helped me more than anyone,' and ahe actually smiled at him through her tears. ' You seem to know jast what to say.' 