FLABBY-MINDEDNESS. "Too much doubting of the event" appears to be a vice of these.modern days, perhaps the vice. Shakespeare tells us that this is a thought which, quartered, shows three-parts cowardice and one-part wisdom, and the defini- tion seems to have an intellectual as well as a physical application. For if we come to consider, we shall see that much of the doubting and the believ- ing of the present day arises from the want of the strength of mind to face the conclusions which reason tells us to be the true ones. It is nothing new to say that a great deal may be said on every side of every question, so that if we persist in looking at one series of arguments only we can prove anything to be true. Take the many delusions IgT-jff£!$*. tb? 4*^ learned, nuinTiave j^Vml&edTwhlgH; jfo|r.s#m " "to* ,;1Sb. ;1 afe^ly^x; ahdreally thought t^iat & country^odii Jtorrow4fiblf oyt *of dcjit - havethe balance of fi^de, a. that prevailed for hundreds of. aiid which influtencep tbe%fitt»| statisticians to thisvcry day, wittr Schemes theire Aa^e IjeeiatCfj iDff the national debt by a currency juggle It would be difficult to discover, for they vanish and return periodically, and the last new one is quite unaffected by former failures. There are hundreds of persons who believe that they have squared the circle, and cannot be con vinced to the contrary, whilst the dis coverers of perpetual motion still form a considerable crowd. Now, when such delusions as these prevail in regard to what we may call matters of fact, is it any wonder that delusions are numerous In respect to things that are obscure by their nature, and which appeal to that sentiment of the human being which always awakens in re sponse to uncanny things, beliefs, or places? Yet, after all, these delusions are the consequence of a indisposition to face and weigh the evidence, 'coupled with an ignorance or forget fulness of the beliefs which have existed through all the long history of the human race. When we consider what men have believed, and the evi dence on which they have believed it, We must come to the conclusion that it is quite possible that we may be de ceived as well as they, though we may be deceived in another manner. Many of the Romans, in company with Horace, laughed at the thought of there being gods who bothered themselves with human affairs, and cried Credat Judæus; yet they did not doubt the power of charms and philtres. Many Romans, in the later days, held that there were neither gods above nor devils below the earth, yet they did not doubt that witches, as we call them, could transform themselves and kill people by incantations. How these things could be done without the aid of the powers above or below they did not stop to inquire, from which fact we may deduce the conclusion that such beliefs have little to do with rea son, and nothing at all with logic even in its most rudimentary form. The belief in Lamia, or serpent women, was universal in Greece long after the doings of the gods, as set forth in Homer, were the subjects of laughter, and no one saw any incongruity in the scepticism and the faith. Philostratus, in his "Life of Apollonius," tells us that that philosopher turned a beauti ful woman into her proper snake form in the presence of thousands of per sons, and no one presumed to doubt the alleged fact. In more recent times we know that there were witches, for they have told us themselves that they made compacts with the Devil, who gave them familiars in the shape of cats or ravens, or other creatures which hap pened to be black in colour. Yet in these days there are, we suppose, not many persons who believe that an old, tottering woman can blight corn, kill animals, or even do to death human beings by means of pins stuck in wax figures. Still, we may ask ourselves the question, why should we not believe all these things as well as many that are believed? The answer seems to be that we doubt too much of the event; that is, we are not strong enough in mind to decide on the balance of evidence. We are willing to believe—we do, In fact, believe most firmly—that the world has been deluded in a thousand ways for centuries, yet we are not disposed to admit that we can be deluded. The ancients were not fools by any means, yet they believed on evidence which we, regard as ridiculously absurd. If we apply the same tests to many modern beliefs, such as that In ghosts, clair voyance of the prophetic kind, second sight, and many other things, such as astrology, now grown to be fashionable, we shall see at once that we are deluded too. But this is precisely what a whole host of persons will not see. They can see at once that the ancients, who saw dryads in the woods, nymphs in the fountains, river gods, and Pan with his satyrs, were little better than fools, but they will not see that the evidence in the case of the ancients was quite as good as in their own case. The ancients did not be lieve without cause. They saw plenty of things in nature that they could not explain, and they at once put them down to sentient beings. The explana tion was natural and simple; it was supported by plenty of analogy, for the ancients reasoned on the plan adopted by Bishop Butler. The only trouble was that analogies were false, In consequence of the assumption of cer taln fancies as facts; And this Is just what Is the matter with a whole host of things that are seriously followed at the present day. To this, of course, must be added the danger of charlatan ism, which always flourishes when people begin to accept fancies- for facts. The faculty of feeing things as they are is the rarest of all faculties. Pro bably ninety-nine out of every hundred persons see things as they are not. This is why there are so few great generals, and great statesmen are so very rare. In private life people much more often deceive themselves than they are deceived, and in some cases they actually prefer to be deceived than to be told the truth. If we bear all those things in mind, and add to them the utter incapacity of a large number of persons to observe, we shall easily understand why there are so many ten dencies to go back to old superstitious and beliefs when once they are presented as subjects for inquiry. Even men of ability in other ways are often very foolish in this, because the mind has many sides, one of which may be ex ceedingly foolish, whilst the other Is keen and acute. Everybody has heard of learned judges being befooled in the simplest manner by ignorant women and by the most clumsy rogues. Brown ing, who had some experience of these things, has dealt with this matter in " Sludge, the Medium," and It Is abso lutely astounding to what lengths people will go in the task of helping in self-deceit. From all this we must conclude, not that we ought to be astonished at the increase of what we may call a return to superstition, but that it is rather surprising that there are not more charlatans abroad and simple inquirers who delude themselves with what they think is evidence. One Baxter convinced many thousands of persons that Napoleon III. "must" be the destined monarch of the world, and there are thousands now waiting for another volume by the same hand, and ready to believe again. Evidence with most persons is like water on a duck's back. 