CHAPTER III.—AMONG THE ROSES. She stood beside him, her ceaseless smile at its brightest on her small face, looking like some little female Mephisto pheles come to tempt a modern Faust. . -He put up his eyeglass to look at her. What a gorgeous li'ttle creature she was! It was his first thought. In the dim yellow light of the conser vatory, the amber silk gli'ttei-ed with its ■pristine lustre- The yellow roses she wore made such an admirable foil for her dead black hair. “What the deuce brings me here ? Don’t trouble yourself to ask the ques tion, mon ami; your face asks it for you. I’ve been eavesdropping”—in her airiest tone—“not intentionally, you under stand,” as the young man continued to stare speechlessly at her through his eyeglass. "Entering the conservatory "by the merest chance, I overheard Miss Dangerfield’s last words to you; ‘a. little more than kin, and less than kind,’ .were they not ? Permit me to con ‘ gratulate you, Mr Dangerfield.” “Congratulate me!” Mr Dangerfield re -peated, dropping his double-barrelled • eyeglass, and glowering ‘vengefully at the fair creature by his ’ side. “In 'Heaven’s name, on what “On having escaped becoming the hus '■"band of a termagant. Believe me, not even Scarswood and eight thousand a year would counterbalance so atrocious a temper as that.” “Eight thousand a year would coun terbalance with me even a worse temper than that, Mrs Vavasor,” 'the lawyer an swered, grimly. “I am only sorry I am not to have the opportunity of trying Once my wife, I think I could correct the acidity of even Katharine Dangerfield’s temper and tongue.” "No, you could not. Petruchlo him self would fail to tame this shrew- You see, Mr Danger field. T speak from expe rience. I know what kind of blood flows in our spirited Katherine's veins.” “Very good blood, then, I am sure— Very good-tempered, too. in the main—at least, on the father's tide." “Ah. on the father’s side"’ The sneer with which this was said was indescrib able. “May I ask if you knew her mo ther, Mr Dangerfield?” “Certainly 1 did—a very fine woman, too, and as amiable as she was hand some. Colonel Dangerfield (Sir John was colonel then) married a Miss Lascelles. nnd Katherine was born in this very house, while they were making their Christinas visit. You may have known her father and mother—you certainly seant to know Sir John suspiciously weir—bur. don't tell me Katherine took 'her tantrums from either of them—I know betteiV' . ’• “i see you do—you know all about it. How old wits Katherine whan her father and mother left England for India?” "Two or three years, or thereabouts. It.seems to me—being so well acquaint ed, and ail that, as you say—you ought to know yourself. Was it in England or India you'came to know Sir John so well?” “In neither. Mr Dangerfield.” “Or does your acquaintance extend only to the baronet? Gad! he looked like an incarnate thundercloud when pre senting you. His remembrances of you must be uncommonly pleasant ones, I should say. Did you know the late Mrs Colonel Dangerfield. Mrs Vavasor ?” “I knew the late Mrs Colonel Danger field, Mr Dangerfield.” “And yet you say Katherine takes her temper from her mother. My late aunt in- law must have greatly changed, then, from the time I saw her last.” “I repeat it,” Mrs Vavasor said, tap pingherl'an,“Katherine inherits her most abominable temper from her mother, the only inheritance her mother ever left her. And she looks like her—wonderfully like her—so like,” Mrs Vavasor repeated, in a strange, suppressed voice, “that I could almost take her for a ghost in pink “Like her mother!” cried Peter Dan gerfield. “I beg your pardon, Mrs Va vasor, but you must be dreaming. She is no more like her mother than I am. The late Mrs Dangerfield was a hand some woman.” “Which. our spirited heiress never will be. I agree with you, Mr Danger field; and yet you told me you were in love with her. and wanted to marry “I meant what I said,” the young man responded, sullenly, “I do want to marry ‘“Or her fortune—which?” “I don’t see that that’s any business of yours, Mrs Vavasor, and I don’t see what I am standing here abusing Ka therine'to you for. You don’t like her, do you? Now, what has she ever done to you?” “Nothing whatever—I haven’t seen Katherine until to-night for fifteen years. She was two years old then—a little de moiselle in short clothes, and too young to have any enemy.” “Yet you are her enemy, Mrs Vavasor, and you sit at her table and eat her bread and salt. And you speak of her mother as if you detested her. Is it for the mo ther’s sake you hate the daughter?” “For the mother’s sake.” She repeated the four-short words with a concentrated bitterness that rather repelled her com vr—‘op “And you hate her for her own, liana Suddenly and sharply on his term, and sunt the words m his ear in a. sibi lant whisper. “We both Hate he,-: let us. make common cause together, and have our revenge.” Peter Dangerfield threw off the gloved hand that felt unpleasantly like a steel manacle on his wrist. “Don’t be melodramatic, if you please, Mrs Vavasor. Revenge, indeed! And I a lawyer. You would make an uncom monly good actress, my dear madam, but in private life your histrionic talents are quite thrown away. Revenge! Bali! Why, the vendetta has gone out of fashion even in Corsica. We don’t live in the days of the handsome Lucrezia, when a perfumed rose or a pair of kid gloves sent one’s adversary to glory. There is no such word- as revenge in these latter days, my dear madam. If one’s wife runs away from one with some other fellow, we don’t follow and wipe out our dishonor in his blood; we simply go to Sir Creswell and get a di vorce. If we run away with some other fellow’s wife, that good fellow sues us for damages, and makes a good thing of it. Believe me, Mrs Vavasor, revenge is a word that will soon be obsolete, ex cept on theatrical boards. But, at the same time, I should like to know what you mean.” “What is that you say ?” Mrs Vava sor cried. “While the world lasts and men love and hate, and use swords and pistols, revenge will never go out of .fashion. And you hate your cousin hate Jier so that, if looks were lightning, she would have fallen at your feet ten imputes ago. ‘A little, rickety dwarf!’ ” She laughed her shrill, somewhat elfish -laugh. “Not a pleasant name to be called, Mr Dangerfield.” His face blackened . at the remem brance; his small, pale eyes shot forth that steely firelight blue eyes only can flash. ' “Why do you remind me of that ?” he said, hoarsely. “She did not mean it— | she said so.” j “She said so—she said so!” liis com ■ panion cried, scornfully. “Mr Peter Dangerfield, you’re not the man I take you for if you endure quietly such an insult as that. And look at her now, with Gaston Dantree. that penniless tenor singer, with the voice of an angei and the face of a god. Look, how she smiles up at him. Did she ever give you such a' glance as that ? See how he bends over her and whispers in her ear. Did she ever listen to you with that happy face, those drooping, down cast eyes ? Why, she loves that man—‘that impoverished adventurer; and love and happiness make her almost beautiful. And she called you a rickety dwarf. Perhaps even now they, are laughing over it rather as a good | “Woman ! Devil!” her victim burst out, goaded to frenzy. “ Katherine Dangerfield would stoop to no such base ness as that!” joke.” “Would she not? You have yet to learn to what depths of baseness women like her can stoop. She has bad, bitter bad blood iii her veins, I tell you. She conies of a daring unscrupulous race. Oh, don’t look at me like .that; I don’t mean the Dangerfields. And you will bear her merciless taunt, and stand quietly by while she marries yonder handsome cox comb, and go and be best man at the wedding, and take your hat off for ever after when you meet Gaston Dantree, master o'f Scarswood Park. Bah! Peter Dangerfield, you must have milk and water in your veins instead of blood, and l am only wasting my time here talking to you. I’ll detain you no longer. I wish you good evening.” She had goaded him to the right point at last. As she turned to go, he caught her arm fiercely and held her back. “Stay!" he cried, hoarsely; “you shall not go! You da well to say I hate her. And she shall never marry Gaston Dan tree if I can prevent it! Only show me the way how! Only show me!” he ex claimed, breathless and hoarse, “and see whether I have blood in my veins in stead of milk and water—a man’s pas sions in my heart—though it he the heart of a rickety dwarf!” Ah, that blow struck home.. “Look at them once again, Mr Danger field, lest your brave resolutions should cool—look at Katherine Dangerfield and her lover now.” The baronet’s daughter was waltzing again—she had a passionate lore of dancing, and floated with the- native grace of a Bayadere. She was waltzing with Dantrce, her long rose-wreathed brown hair floating over her shoulder, her happy face up lifted as she whirled down the lonf -vista in his arms to the intoxicating music of “The Guard’s Waltz.” “You see,” Mrs Vavasor said, signifi cantly, “he who runs may read, and he who stands still may understand. His melancholy tenor voice, his lover-like sighs, his dark, pathetic eyes, have done their work—Katherine Dangerfield is in love with Gaston Dantree! It is a very old story: A lady of high degree has ■‘stooped to conquer.’ Sir John won’t like it. I daresay: but could Sir John refuse his idolized darling' anything? If she cried for the moon she would have it. And she is so impetuous, dear child! She will be Mrs Gaston Dantree in the time it would take another young lady _ to decide the color of the bridesmaids’ dresses.” “She shall never be "Mrs Gaston Dan tree if I can prevent it!" Peter Danger field cried, vehemently, his pale blue eyes filled with, lurid rage. “Yes, but unhappily there is the rub— if you can prevent it. You don’t sup pose now,’’vMrs Vavasrfr said, thought fvilvy^ Dontlree 'is in love with "I know nothing about it. He looks ns though he were, at least—and. be hanged “That tells nothing. She is the Jieiress j of Scarswood, and Mr Dantree—like yourself. I haven’t a doubt—is in love with' that I wonder if either of you would want to marry her if she hadn't a farthiing—if her brown hair and her fine figure were her only fortune?" “I ca.n answer for myself—I would see her at the deuce first!” “And unless I greatly mistake him, Mr Dantree would also. How she looks up at him! How she smiles! Her infatua tion is patent to the whole room. And, after her. you are the heir-at-law. Mr Dangerfield.” “I don’t see what thait’s got to do with it,” the young man retorted, sulkily. “I am likely to remain heir-at-law to the end of my days, for what I see. Sir John will go off the hooks, and she will marry, and there will be a son — half a dozen of ’em. most likely—and my cake is dough. I wish you wouldn’t talk about It at all. It’s of no use a man howling his life out for what he never can get.” “Certainly not—for what he can’t get; but I don’t perceive the ‘can’t get’ In this case. Three people stood between Colo nel Dangerfield and the title six months ago, and they—as you express it in the elegantly allegorical language of the day —'went off the hooks;’ and lo! our Indian officer all in a moment steps into three pail's of dead men’s shoes, a title, and a fortune. Scarswood may change hands very unexpectedly before the year ends again.” “Mrs Vavasor—if that be your name— I don’t understand you. "What's the use of badgering a man in this way? If you’ve got anything to say, say it. I never was any hand at guessing riddles. What the deuce do you mean?" Mrs Vavasor laughed gaily. “Forcible, but not polite.! Did you ever have your fortune told,Mr Danger field ? I have some gipsy biood in my veins. Give me your hand,;and I’ll tell it, without the proverbial piece of sil He held it out mechanically. Under all this riddle-like talk, he knew some strong meaning, very much to the point, lay. What could she mean? Who could she be? , She' took his thin, pale, cold tin.r>rt. o.nti snored into the palm, with the prettiest fortune-telling-'air ima.sina.uie. -■a. nta,TiK,.iy t-iiouu«v-ii palm, my gen tleman; all its strange future to com..-, i see a past quiet and uneventful. I see a character thoroughly selfish, avarici ous, and unprincipled. No, don’t take your hand, away: it will do you good to hear the truth once in a way, Mr Dan gerfield. You can hate with tigerish in tensity: you would commit any crime under heaven for money, so that you were never likely to be found out. You care for nobody but yourself, and you never will. A woman stands in your path to fortune—a woman you hate. That obstacle will be removed- I see here a ruined home, and over ruin and death you step into fortune. Don’t ask me how. The lines don’t tell that, just yet; they may very soon. You are to be a baronet, and the time is very near. How do you like your fortune, Sir Peter Dangerfield, that is to be?” ] She dropped his hand, and looked him full in the face, streaming fire in her black eyes. “Hush-h-h! for Heaven’s sake 1” he whispered, in terror. “If you should be overheard!” ‘‘But how do you like it?” “There can be no question of that, j Only I don’t understand. You are mock- ! ing me. What you predict can never happen." “Why not?" “Why not—why not?" he exclaimed, I impatiently. “You don’t need to ask that question. Katherine Dangerfield stands between me; a life as good—bet ter than my own.” “What I predict will happen, as surelv as we stand here. Don’t ask me how ; I can’t tell you to-night. There’s a sec ret in Sir John Dangerfield’s life—a sec ret I have been paid well to keep—which I have kept for fifteen years, which no money will make me keep much longer. I have a debt of long standing to pay off —a debt of vengeance, contracted before Katherine Dangerfield was born, which Katherine Dangerfield yet must pay. What will you give me if within the next three months I make you heir to Scars “You?” “I” “It is impossible.” “It is not!” She stamped her foot. “Quick! Tell me—what will you give?” “I don’t understand you.” ”1 don’t mean that you shall yet. Will you give me ten thousands pounds the day that makes you—through me, mind —lord of Scarswood? Quick! Here come our lovers. Yes or no?” “Yes.” "It is well. I shall have your bond Instead of your promise soon- Not a whisper of this to a living mortal, or all is at an end. We are sworn allies, then, from this night forth. Shake hands upon it.” They clasped hands. He shivered a little, unprincipled though he was, as he felt the cold, steely clasp of her gloved fingers. She glanc ed up, a flash of triumph lighting her eyes, to where Katherine Dangerfield, still leaning on her handsome lover’s arm. approached. “Now, then, my baronet’s daughter— my haughty little heiress—look to your self ! I am a woman who never yet spared friend or foe who stood in my path. Vce victis !” She vanished as she spoke, and Peter Dangerfield, feeling like a man in a dream, his head in a whirl, glided after her as his cousin and her cavalier step ped under the arch of rose and myrtle. 