. WESTERN AUSTRALIA AND THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. To the Editor. Staneff your leader on Saturday last you express the opinion that this colony is unlikely to be represented on the Federal Convention. In addition to the weighty reasons as to why Western Australia will) probably not send delegates, I would be obliged if you would grant me sufficient space in your valuable columns to set forth further reasons why this colony should not trouble itself with making any arrangements to be represented. I think that to most persons who will give serious attention to the circumstances at present surrounding the question of Federation and to the conditions attendant upon the election of the Convention-particularly in New South Wales the conviction will be borne in upon them that the ; labours of the Convention will be utterly barren of results. In support of this view I shall try and establish the following : Firstly. That the Premier of New South Wales, who is generally considered as being the leader of the movement, is insincere in his present attitude towards the question, and that he is and always has been a most ruthless enemy to Federa- tion. Secondly: That everything connected with the means chosen for the purpose of drafting and of finally completing the Federal Constitution is more calculated to obstruct and prevent the framing of it than the accomplishing of it. Thirdly: That it is impossible for New South Wales to enter any federation while Queensland remains aloof, without completely sacrificing every item of local interest and prestige at the feet of her esteemed but rival neighbour, Victoria. No one who has any knowledge of the various phases of the Federal movement can ever forget the impassioned and fervid orations addressed to large audiences of the public in the Protestant Hall, Sydney, in 1890, by Mr. Reid, Who was then merely a private member of Parliament, leading a small and influential party who were opposing the movement which was then being carried on by the late Sir Henry Parkes, then Premier of New South Wales. All that cutting satire and all that brilliant rhetoric of which Mr. Reid is such a perfect master were employed to try to induce the people of New South Wales to oppose to their utmost the advance which was being made in the direction of Federa- tion. No man over worked harder against the cause, addressing public meetings on every possible occasion. What mighty reason did he advance for his unqualified opposition The solitary one that he considered that the principles of Freetrade would never be adhered to by a Federal Parliament. Protection, Mr. Reid considers, is a creature of the Evil One and he would have none of it consequently New South Wales would have nothing to 'do With Federation if he could prevent it. The Convention met, however, and framed the Commonwealth Bill, while Mr. Reid continued an unflinching and bitter opposition. In 1891 Sir Henry Parkes was defeated in Parliament, and his Ministry went out office, and, owing to failing health and the necessity of rest, he declined to lead the Opposition. Two prominent members of the free-trade party were asked to lead, viz., Mr. Macmillan and, I believe, Mr. Brack Smith, but both these gentlemen declined to accept the position. At this time a leader appeared in the Sydney Morning Herald which suggested that if it were not for the fact that Mr. Reid was an I aati-Feäerationist.possiblyovertnres would be made to offer him the leadership of the free-trade party. Suddenly at one bound Mr. Reid performed a phenomenal political somersault.. One night (it must be a memorable one to Mr. Reid he went to bed a bitter opponent of Federation, and the next morning he awoke with the advent of the Sydney Morning Herald ardent Federationist, with the possibility to the leadership of the free-trade party within his grasp. One would naturally , have expected that Mr. Reid would have announced himself as a Freetrade-Protec dentists, as well as a Federationist and an aati- Pederationist} buff no. He very grace- fully told the public that he had now come to the conclusion that the policy of free trade would not be endangered by Federa- tion, and accepted the now proffered leader- ship of the free-trade party. it would not have been a wonderful occurrence if Mr. Reid had that morning ! breakfasted with the Ghost of the historic "Vicar of Bray, as their sentiments must have been in perfect accord. This remarkable change of front in so short a time would almost be enough to convince most people that the conversion was the reverse iff sincere ; but as a further indication in that direction, I now beg to bring forward my second contention, viz., that the means Wteettd for the purpose of drafting and completing the Federal Constitution are so cumbersome that they are calculated to obstruct the framing and the final comple- tion wife. Mr. Reid knows this, and that is why he has been the means of bringing it into action. First of all the delegates are to be sent by each colony to the Convention, and it has been decided by the colonies, with the exception of our own colony, that ! these shall be elected by the popular vote. This Convention drafts the Constitution BAIL The Bill then goes to the Parlia- merits of the various colonies, who can either reject it in toto or make any amendments that they please. This means that it has to go through five Parliaments, consisting each of two Houses. Therefore the Bjahas co through ten Houses, who may hack and out it to pieces, as occasion may appear to demand. Then it goes back (or What is left of it to the Convention, which remodels it, and then it goes to the people for the answer Yes, or No ! It will be apparent to most people that, in the event of everything going smoothly, all (this would take a very considerable time; but can anyone say how long it is likely to take, when the different parties in the various colonies find that wholesale amendments become necessary in their view-in order to preserve some vital principle, connected with their particular -wintry It is not beyond the regions of possibility that even Mr. Reid himself will find that the interests of New South Wales *ej| h*n #o ttUvrij djneg«dod by the, other colonies, and that she has received such unfair treatment, that he will find it necessary to eloquently and passionately oppose Federation as he did formerly. This suggestion is merely thrown out as one of the possibilities of the situation, but looking at what is likely to happen, on account of the manner in which parties are split up, it is only reasonable to expect that the amendments will be both important and numerous. I again respectfully ask, how long is all this procedure going to take ? It is fairly clear that it must take years, unless the undivided attention of all the colonies concerned is given to this matter, which would mean that all local affairs would have to be disregarded, no matter how important, in the meantime. Such a position could not be. Mr. Reid possibly would affect not to take this view, but he knows that this is the state of affairs that will be brought about, and that nothing could more effectually kill Federation, not even his own most uncompromising opposition ; hence all his apparent enthusiasm and all his apparent efforts to bring about the accomplishment of Federation, but which have really been efforts to bring about utter chaos, while posing as a friend and champion, a line of play at which Mr. Reid has proved himself an expert. Mr. Reid is a master of tactics, and on this occasion is likely to surpass all previous records. I think that I have advanced sufficient evidence to justify the first and second of my contentions. With regard to the third, not much need be said. Victoria has always been a great rival to the mother colony, and her policy has always been to advance herself to the first place in Australia ; it is only reasonable to expect that in coming events the action of her statesmen will trend in this direction, without any regard to the interests of Australia as a whole. Her immediate neighbours, Tasmania and South Australia, would probably give her a general support. Queensland being, absent leaves New South Wales in a difficult position, when matters of broad Australian interest come to be dealt with. New South Wales is prepared to concede much on her part in order to unite the people of Australia and lay the foundations of a great nation, but she is not prepared to offer herself on the altar of sacrifice to Victorian ambition. Without the aid of Queensland, New South Wales would have the large odds against her consequently, any federation without Queensland is impossible for New South Wales. If the position is as I have endeavoured to show it-and I respectfully hold that I may fairly claim to have advanced strong reasons in support of my various contentions-surely it would be waste of time for Western Australia to make arrangements for her delegates to be present at a convention which is likely to be so barren of results and so fruitless of benefit"!, especially, as you say, Sir, that local legislation of the utmost importance is awaiting attention. -Yours, etc. E. H. ZOLLNER. 27 Lord-street, Perth, February 4. 