Br HARRY STILLWELL -EDWARDS, Author of "Two Runaways," "Mine," " Sister Todhunter's Heart," "De Valley an' De Shadder," " Ole Miss and Sweetheart," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author; All rights reserved.] Chapter III.—A Breath From the-Old . Sodth. • The room in which Edward Morgan opened his eyes next morning was laree and the ceil ing low. The posts of the bed ran up to within a foot of the latter and supported a, canopy. As he lay letting the dream shadows draw away his eyes took in all the details of his apartment. There was no carpet, the cur-^ "tains were of chintz, and the lambrequins evi dently home-made. The pictures on the wall were few and chiefly portraits. There was a steel engraving representing the last meeting" of Lee and Jackson in a frame made of pine cones, with clusters of young .pines :at the corners. The curtains were held back with rosettes of paper, and there were home-made brackets on both sides of the mantel full of swamp grasses.1 The bureau had two minia— ,• ture Tuscan columns, between which was hung'" a swivel glass. All was homely hut clean and suggestive of a woman's presence. And through the open windows there floated a delicious/itmosphere—fresh, cool, and odorous, with th Abloom-breath of tree and shrub. He stepped out of bed and looked forth. For a. mile ran the great fields of cotton and corn, with here and there a cabin and'its curl of smoke. A flock of pigeons were walking about the barn doors, and a number of goats waited at the side gate which led into a broad back yard. In the distance he could see-negroes in the fields, hear their songs and the " clank of a little grist-mill in the,valley. ■ I But sweeping all other sounds from mind, he heard also another musical voice calling "Chick! chick! chiclcee! chickee1" and caught a glimpse of fowls hurrying from every direction towards the back yard. • -He plunged his head into a basin of coolVwater, and pre sently he was dressed. . " • The front door was open, as it had remained all night, the chairs on the porch with here' and .there books and papers, when Edward Morgan walked out. The yard was spacious and full of plants; he-noticed in that easy way: peculiar to artists b'orders of pinks and dusty miller, a boxwood hedge, roses of" many hues, transplanted wild flowers, old maids, honey suckles, nnd a wilderness of morning glories that reminded him! of a famous drop curtain once seen in Paris. Sunflowers" and poke berries were growing along the front fence, and mocking birds, cardrams, and jays, their animosities suspended, were .breakfasting side by side. --His walk carried him to the side of the house, and looking across the low picket - fence he saw' Mary. Her sleeves were rolled up above the elbows , and her arms covered with dough from a great pan into which from time, to time she thrust a hand. .A multitude . of ducks,1; chickens," and turkeys - and -guineas scrambled about her and" a dozen white pigeons struggled for standing-room upon her shoulders. . - " May I come in ?" he called. . , . "If you can stand it, Mr.. Morgan.". There was not the slightest embarrassment; the brown 'eyes were frank and encouragiug ;. he ; placed his hands upon the fence and leaped'. lightly over. " Wljat a family you have," he said. She smiled, turning her; face to him as she scat- ! tered dough and gently pushed away the-; troublesome birds. ' , i , "Many birds' mouths to fill; and they will have to fill some mouths, too, one of these days, poor things." .' "That is but fair.'', , ' "I'supposeso; but what a mission in lifer just to fill somebody's mouth 1" V. - • "The mission of many poor men and women I have seen,"- he said gravely, " is merely to ' fill mouths. And sometimes they get so poor theV can't do that." ' " And . sometimes ' chickens 'get the same way," she said sagely,, at which.both laughed outright. Her face resumed-its placid" ex pression almost instantly. -'"It'must be sad to be very poor.; how I wish they could arrange for-all of the poof people to come out; here and .find, homes. There seems to he so much land wasted." : , ^ "They would not stay long anywhere away from the city,',' he said ; "but" do- you never sigh for city life 5". iv . 1 "I prefer it,", she replied simply,..." bub we cannot afford it.: And there is no one; to take care of this place.' It is -harder on Annie, brother's wife. . She simply detests the ; country. "When I graduated ——" ' ~ "You graduated!" he.exclaimed, almost in credulously. She looked at him surprised. ■ . . "Yes; Lam young—'seventeen this'month —but that is not extraordinary. Mamma graduated - at the same age—sixteen—forty, years ago." ,A servant approached spoon in hand. "Want some more lard,-missy." She took her bunch of keys, and selecting one that looked like the bastile memento at Mount Vernon,' unlocked the smoke-house door, and waited. "Half of that will do, Gincy," she laid, never looking around as she talked with Morgan, and theSvqman returned; half., ; "How," she continued to him,4"Xnmst go see about the milking." "I will go too, if you do not object Thi3 is all new .and enjoyable." They came to where the women were at work. Morgan . thought the animals had a grazed rather than a fed look, and that'the yield was small. As they stood looking on a calf that had been galloping about with his tail arched, came up and stood by the girl's side and let her rub its sensitive ears. A little kid approached, too, and bleated." V , . /"'•'■ " Aunt Mollie," Mary asked, "has its. mother pome up yet ?" "No, ma'am. Spec' somep'n done- cotch her." ■ ; ~ "See if he will drink some cow's milk—give me the cup." She offered him a little and fhe hungry animal draiifc eagerly. " Let him stay in the yard until he gets large enough to feed himself." Then turning to Morgan, laughing, she said—"I expect you .are hungry, too. -I wonder why papa does not come." "Is he up?" ' "Oh, yes.* He goes about early in the morning. There he comes, now!" The soldierly form of the old man was seen oiie among the pines. "Bring in breakfastt Gincy," she called, and presently several, negroe3sped across the yard, carrying smok ing dishes into the cool basement dining-room Then the bell rang. At the top of the stairway Morgan had an opportunity to better see his hostess. The lady was slender and moved with deliberation. Her grey hair was brushed down over her temples, and her faded face was brightened by eyes that seemed to swim with light ancl sympathy. The dress was a black silk; old in fashion and texture, but there was real lace at the throat and wrists, and a little lace head dress, Sba smiled upon the young man, and gave him her plump hand as he offered to assist her. .. "I hope you slept well," she said; "no ghosts ! That part of the house you were in is said to'be a_hundred years old and must be full of memories." They stood for grace, and then Mary took her place behind the coffee-pot and served the delicious beverage in thin cuds of china.. The meal consisted of broiled chicken, hot, light biscuits, bread of cormneal, and eggs that Morgan thought delicious,' corn cakes, bacon, and fine butter. A little darky behind an enormous apron, but barefooted, stood by the coffee-pot, and with a great brush of the gor geous peacock feathers kept the few flies off the tiny castor in the middle of the. table, while his eyes followed the conversation around, Neither Norton nor his wife appeared, but presently there was a clatter on the stairs and the little boy came down and climbed into his high chair. He was barefooted, and evidently ready for break fast, as he took a biscuit -and bit it. The colonel looked severely at him. , ''But your biscuit down," be said, quietly but sternly, "and wait outside now. until the others are through, You came in after grace, and you have not said good morning." The . boy's countenance olouded, and he began to pick at his knife handle; the grandmother . said, gently— , -"He'll not do it again, grandpa; and he is hungry, I know. Let him off this time." Grandpa assumed a -very seyere expression as he replied, promptly-r , Very well, madam; let him say grace and stay, under those circumstances." The com- ■ pany waited, on him'; he hesitated, swelled up as if about to.cry, and said, earnestly, "Gimme somep'n eat, for the Lord's sake, amen." Grandma smiled benignly, but' Mary and grandpa were convulsed. Then other footfalls were heard on the stairs outside, as if someone were coming down by placing the same foot in. front each time. Presently in walked a blue eyed, golden-haired, bare-footed girl of three, who went straight to the colonel and held up her arms. He lifted her and pressed the little cheek to hers. . "Ah," Aesaid, "here comes the duchess." He gave her a plate next to his, and taking her fork she ate demurely, from time to time watching Morgan. "Papa ain't up yet," volunteered the boy. He told mamma to throw his clothes in the creek as he wouldn't have any more use for ' them—ain't going to get up any more.'': "Mamma, does your eye hurt you?' said Mary, seeing thq white hand for the .second time raised to her face. . ' A little. The same old pain." 11 Mamma," she explained to Morgan, "has lost one eye by neuralgia. She still suffers dreadfully at times from the same trouble." Presently the elder lady excused herself, the " daughter watching her anxiously as she slowly disappeared. It was nearly noon when Norton Montjoy and Edward Morgan reached the law office of Ellison Eldridge.. As they entered Morgan - sawv*,clean:gli&ytq;, man. of, frank,-opea.-exJ 1 O 6 " pression writing. He laid aside his pen and rose. Norton was speaking. " Judge, this is Mr. Edward Morgan—you have corresponded with him. Morgan felt the sudden penetrating look of the lawyer. Mont • joy was already saying au revoir and hasten ing out, waving' off Edward's thanks as ho went. "Will see you later," he called hack from the stairway, "and don't forget your promise to the old folks." "You got my letter, Mr. Morgan? Please bo seated." "Yes; three days since, in New York, through Eullbr & Puller. You have, I believe, the will of the late John Morgan." , "A" copy of it. The will is already pro bated." He went to his safe and returned with a document and a bunch of keys. "Shall I read it to you ?" "If youplease." ( To be continued.) 