Federation's Dangers. THE Secretary of State for the Colonies, the Bight Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, seems to have got over the tendency to meddling which he was at one time thought to die play. He has not urged his Imperial Zoll verein. scheme ; and replying last week to a question by Mr. Hogan, the member for Mid Tipperary, he declined, tof exercise even indirect influence concerning federation. Mr. Chamberlain said that if -3entral Queensland had no prospects of relief by ' means of federation, that was due .to the voluntary action of Queens land in not . joining in the -.'Federal Convention. The Queen, he added, Jiad power to create Queensland a colony' when it belonged to New South Wales, but was with out' similar power to subdivide Queensland; Of course it is within the knowledge of everyone that the whole of thiMettled part of the east of Australia was originally ruled' from Sydney, the authorities of which, in days when communication was slow, had. but little facility for dealing with so extended a territory. /The separation from the mother colony of ;svhat is now Victoria, taking place in 1851 before the establishment of responsible Govern ment here, and when consequently the Colonial Office had much power, formed a precedent for the separation of Queensland in 1859, four years after this colony had been enjoying fully free institutions ; and Queensland separation was, moreover, powerfully supported by Dr. Lang. Queens land's growth having i being since the granting of responsible institutions entirely its. own doing, as has been the growth of every other colonv since they were put on their feet, the Colonial Office wisely recognises that it ha? nothing to do with regulating that which' it lpng ceased to have any share in promoting. The wild idea that Central Queensland might send delegates to the Federal Convention upon 1 its own hook will thus receive no counten- | ance. It would be well if the moderation of the Imperial authorities could serve as an example to some people here. The last impression put about is that public opinion in New South Wales is beginning to shy more than ever at the idea of federa tion without Queensland for fear Sydney should lose its chance of being capital. The most popular of the conditions which are now being talked about is, one is told, that in consideration of New South Wales uniting with the southern colonies Sydney j bhall be made the capital of the common- ? wealth. It is said that it is particularly j in commercial circles that the hostility to j federation at any price is most pronounced, j and ' a prominent commercial man ' is re ported by our senior morning contemporary ' as expressing himself on this subject as follows : The big English financial institutions are using all their influence to have Melbourne made the capital. These financial institutions have erected their granite fronts in Collins- street, and they are using all their influence to drag trade unnaturally past this port to Melbourne. They irant to make Melbourne the capital. That is the chief thine we have to fear. The old I Scotchmen 'with their deposits in colonial institu tions will brush up their knowledge of the colonies and use their influence in favor of Melbourne. I am a federationisc ; but I don't trust the Victorians. They are ruled entirely by self-interest, and -when they are bo eager for federation you may depend on it it is not for i our good. Way, it is not so long ago since ] Victorians -were sneering at Sydney as a fishing i village. That was at a time vhen they 'were up i in the stirrups, and thought themselves financially stronger than -we were. Their tone is changed now, and the simple fact is that the Victorians I are federationists through fear. They realise j that their position in competing -with f'reetrade Sydney is hopeless, so they -want us to join ia a federation which would certainly have a protec tionist tariff. There are a great many who, - like xnyself, are .'beginning to look at this federation business in a serious way. It is ; all very well to talk about the advantages of j Sydney; but we have to remember that the Mountains are against us, eo far as our railway traffic is concerned, and that our most fertile territories lie nearer the other capitals than to .Sydney. It is only by maintaining the attrac tions of our great port that we can hep 3 to do anything. I am glad to see, as pointed out in the ' Herald,' that we are not committed to federation, and that, even if the people approve oE j the Constitution, Parliament will have the last j say about federating. That is as it should be ;' j but still we shall bave to be very careful even on | this trip. Just look at this, and see if it does not support my argument about .Melbourne. It is a clipping from the London. ' Times, ' and the Sydney news is headed as coming from Melbourne. No wonder letters are often directed to * Melbourne, New South Wales, Australia.' The extract referred to is headed as ; follows: ' Australasia, Melbourne, December f 14/ and opens with, the statement that 'Mr. Eeid, Premier of New South Wales, has stated in the coarse of an interview that the attitude of Queensland in regard to federation was hollow and unreliable/' The 'well known commercial man' un. consciously supplies one of the strongest arguments for federation. He shows how in default of it a, perfectly irrational feeling of almost hostility may grow up be- j tween New Soutih Wales and Vic-! toria. the ' commercial man ' does not trust the yictorians. He considers that they are ruled altogether by self-interest, and if they, are anxious to federate it cannot be for our good. Come to that, we are all ruled by self-interest, New South Wales men as much as Victorians; but there is- no reason why the interests of New South Wales and the South should not coincide. As for the other complaints made in the above paragraph, if Victorians were wont to sneer at Sydney as a 'fishing village,' New South Wales 'was accustomed j to call Victoria a 'cabbage garden.' Both taunts were in very bad taste, but it is hard to see tnat.iany harm was done. The para graph goes on to £ay that it is *' oaly by maintaining the attractions of our great sport that we can hope to do anything.' . The main attractions of the great port* easy entry, safe anchorage, aud ample accommodation, will remain despite wnatever conventions or Parliaments can dp. As long as different . parts p£ Australia maintain entirely diffe rent interests attempts will always con tinue, in^plying much waste -o£ money, to ** unnaturally drag trade' hither and thither. ^ere there ; a. common customs revenue this uimaluraland costly squabbling would in a greatriieasure ceaee, arid adva.ri'- j tage would be found In letting trade follow } *ts natural course. Upon reading of this fear of Melbourne herej it is curious to re flect that Mr. Reid's attempt to bring Queensland into line failed largely because- of the ifear of the Bris bane commercial community that Syd ney would gobble up all the trade. This fear seems to be .running down the coast and appears very exaggerated. We are by no means inclined -to be weaker in regard to the claims of New South Wales to contain 'the capital than are any of the persons who have been interviewed on the subject. The only thing is that if New South Wales were to go into the Convention stating as a condition prece dent to union that Sydney must be capital, the convention is a farce from the start. What is -wanted is to leave the matter open for the present and to hear everything which can be proposed as to a Hew constitution, and to weigh what advantages it will offer. There is no fear of New South Wales being forced into any unpalatable arrangement ; has not Parlia ment the last word? Much depends as to what will be said in Mr. Beid's manifesto to-morrow. The prevailing feeling in New South Walea concerning' the important cricket match now being played between the representatives of this colony and those of Victoria will be one of dis appointment. Everything was favorable to a brilliant display of batting on the part of the local team. The latter included the generally ack nowledged best cricketers the colony has preduced — men who have been victorious in three intercolo nial matches this season, and among them no fewer than five of the representative players of Austra lia. The weather was in every way favorable. A light fall of rain the previous night had benefited the ground and made such a perfect wicket that the side which won the toss would' consider itself fortunate, in having the chance of going in first to bat. The local captain won the toss, and was able to send in his men on this fine wicUet. Yefc the best players went out, to employ an expressive but vulgar term, like rotten sheep. It was simply a collapse in the first part of the game. 1'he Victorian bowling was good, no doubt ; the fielding a mix ture of good and indifferent, some fairly easy chances being missed. But the earlier batsmen, those supposed to . embody, the run-getting strength of the eleven, were unequal to the occa sion. Their play was characterised by weaknesE and bad judgment. It was weakness that lost the first wicket and bad jtylg ment that run ^Gregory - out. Kelly was a con spicuous failure -with the bat, and he did cot compensate for his poor exhibition with the bat by a brilliant display as wicket-keeper. Blacken-' zie never for a moment showed himself up to intercolonial, form. It is to Noble that New Sooth Wales owes its salvation from a humiliating defeat ; Turner contributed to the liveliness of the play, which is something from the spectators' point of view ; and M'Kibbin, our champion bowler, did really valuable service with the bat, besides taking all the wickets of the other side that -were taken during the day. Eut 259 is a poor score for the opening innings of an intercolonial match as cricket is played nowadays, and the crowd was justified in expect ing something better. Let it not be forgotten, however, that the Victorian bowling was excel lent. In Koche, cotwithstanding his unfortunate physical detect, Victoria has a really first-class bowler, while Trumble was in splendid bowling form. Between them they managed to force the opposing batsmen into a cramped style of play quite foreign to intercolonial form; and the Victorian wicketkeeper, Johns, must surely have removed the unfavorable impression previously formed of him by his finished keeping -of the sticks. -Perhaps a better exhibition of batting will be given in the, second innings. At any rate it will be a sore disappointment if there is not a decided improvement, for, to the ordinary in terest attaching to these contests, there is added the desire of the contending colonies to hold that coveted trophy, the Sheffield Shield. Every new development in connection with these diabolical mountain murders would seem to add to the intensity of the dramatic -interest which they have excited. It now appears that the body discovered on the Black Kange, near Parkee, is not that of Lesagh (or Leiseicht), bu£\ of Burgess, another missing man. The fate of Lesagh is, /therefore, still involved in mystery, while that ? of the un fortunate Burgess simply adds one' more to the many links in the chain of evidence against the accused Butler, whose con nection with this latest discovered victim seems to be established qnite as clearly as in the cases of Weller and Preston. By the way, a case of that old time offence ?* Robbery Under Arms ' in Weat Australia, as well as the great gold robbery at Melbourne, reminds one, though not quite so startlingly .aa the Mountain Murders, what desperate characters the quietest citizen of Australia may now and then rub shoulders with. Two mine managers have been stuck up outside. Coolgardie by two masked men armed with rifles, and robbed of .£700. The mine managers were bound, and then either literally told to put their heads in bags, or had bags thrust over their heads, and a third person, coming up at an inconvenient time, was also bound, though there was not a bag available for him. This is something: in the style of Gardiner tying up the teamsters before he robbed the gold escort. Says a character in one of Henry Kingsley's Australian novels — an oid Scotchman — when chaffed about his superstitions fancies, and told that this was too new a country for ghosts to be seen, ' Eh, mon ! ? it's a new country.-but there's been ower muckle wickedness committed in it.' What with desperate robberies and mysterious murders, Australia's record does seem piling up pretty fast. Who was the practical joker that per petrated that ridiculous hoax on Saturday about Butler and the Kwanhilda. ' Butler arrested, and in irons on board the Swanhilda' was the substance of the report circulated about town. The rumor flew with electric rapidity. It speedily got to the Cricket Ground where it was posted tip and animated the breasts of thousands who derived some sort of consolation for the downfall of New South Wales batsmen in the thought that one of the greatest criminals of the age had been secured. It reached -Bandwick Racecourse, and was hailed with more satisfaction than would bave been the victory .of a favorite if there had been such a. thing, which there wasn't. The thousands at the sailing carnival heard of it, and, indeed, it found its way wherever man did congregate, exciting feelings comparable only to those ?which -were aroused over the news of the arrest of the infamous Deeming-. Evidently the playful genius who thus ventured to trifle on a subject considered rather too' serious for jesting about, is endowed with a rather depraved sense of humor. He was, perhaps, only anticipating history, as the too smart war correspondent did who anticipated by some days the fall of Plevna. Anyhow, the solid fact remains that the supposed murderer and tker practical joker are still uncaught. The former tact was announced in the 'News' of Satur day. .. - 