AN ORIGINAL BELLE. JJBY EDtWARD P. ROB. CHA£»TE!R'l;IIL— ^Continued.}' At last th& light of reason dawned in Mer wyn'e eyes. He recognised Marian, smiled, and fell into a quiet sleep. -Then awakening,' he said' to 'her, 'You ikepit -yout&wor;^r nay darling. Yoii did not leave me. I' should have died if you had. I think I never wholly lost the consciousness that you were near me.' The younger girl soon brought about a com plete reconciliation between mother and son, and Merwyn was absolved from his oath. Even as a devoted husband, which he be came at Christmas-tide, she found him too ready to go to the front. He appeared, how ever, to have little ambition for distinction, and was satisfied to enter upon duty in a very subordinate position; but he did it so well and bravely that his fine abilities were recognised, and he was advanced. At last, to his mother's horror, he received a colonel's commission to a colored regiment. Many of Mrs. Merwyn's life-long prejudices were never overcome, and she remained loyal to the South; but she was taught that mother love wa6 the mightiest of human forces, and at last admitted that her son, as a man, had a' right to choose and act for himself. Mr. Vpsburgh remained in the city as the trusted agent of the Government until the close of the war, and then was transferred to Washington. Every year cemented his friendship with Merwyn, and the two men corresponded so faithfully that Marian de clared that she was jealous. Each knewr however, that their mutual regard and good comradeship was one of her deepest sources of happiness. While her husband was ab sent Marian made the country house on the Hudson her residence, but in many ways she sought opportunity to reduce the awful sum of anguish entailed ;by the war. She often lured Estelle from the city as her companion, even in bleak, wintry weather. Here Strahan found her when on a leave of absence in the Ia9t,year of the war, and he soon learnt that he- had another heart to lose. Marian was discreetly blind to his direct and soldier-like siege, indeed, she proved the best of allies, aware that the young officer's time was limited. Estelle was elusive as a mocking spirit of the air, until the last day of his leave was expiring, and then laughingly admitted that she had surrendered almost two years before. Of the humble characters of my story it is sufficient to say that Zeb barely survived, and Was helpless for life. Pensions from Merwyn and Lane secured for Jiiin and his mother every comfort-..: Barney Ghegan. eventually recovered, and resumed^ his duties on the po lice force.' He often said: 'O,.. I'm proud to wear the uniform that Misther Merwyn honored.' I have now only to outline the fortunes of Captain Lane and 'Missy S'wannee,' and then to take leave of my reader, supposing that he has had the patience to accompany me thus far. Lane's wound, re-opened by his exertions in ncnonlniT in Wodiincr+nn Irani- him ?ip}7iJas« on a bed of suffering during the riots, and for weeks thereafter. Then he was granted a long furlough, which he spent chiefly with his family at the North. Like Strahan, he felt j that Merwyn had won Marian fairly. So j far was !be from cherishing any bitterness, j that he received the successful rival within the circle of his nearest friends. By being ! sincere, true to nature and conscience, Ma- i rian retained, not only the friendship and re spect, but also her ennobling influence over them.. While they saw that Merwyn was j i supreme, they also learned that they would i I never be dismissed witra indifference from her j thoughts— that she would follow them through life with an affectionate interest and good will scarcely less than she would bestow on brothers cradled in the same home with her self. Lane, with his steadfast nature, would maintain this relation more closely than the ? others, but the reader has already guessed that he would seek to give and to find consolation elsewhere. Suwannee Barkdale iiad awaken ed his strongest sympathy and respect, and the haunting thought that she, like himself, had given her love apparently where it could not be returned, made her seem akin to him self in the deepest and saddest experience. Gradually, and almost unconsciously, he gave his thoughts to her, and began .to wonder when and how they should meet again, if ever.' He wrote to her several times, but ob tained no answer, no assurance that his letters were received. When he was fit for duty again his regiment was in the West, and it remained there until the close of the war, he having eventually attained to its command. As soon as he could control ihis own move ments he resolved to settle one question be fore he resumed the quiet pursuit of his pro fession—he would learn the fate of 'Missy S'wannee.' Securing a strong, fleet horse, he left Washington, and rode rapidly through a region that had been trampled almost into a desert by the ; iron heel of war. The May sun was low in the west when he turned from the road into the extended lawn which led up to the Barkdale mansion. Little beyond un sightly- stumps was left of the beautiful groves by which it had been bordered. Vividly his memory reproduced the same ^hour, now years since, when he had ridden up that lawn at the ihead of Eis troopers, his sabre flashing in the last rays of the sun. It seemed ages ago, so much had happened; but j through all the changes and perils the low sob of the Southern girl when she opened the way \- for his escape hadUeen vibrating in stronger and tenderer chords in the depths of his soul. It had awakened dreams and imaginings 1 which, if dissipated, would leave but a 'busy, ? practical life, as devoid of romance as the law tomes to which he would ' give his! thoughts. It was natural, therefore, that his heart should beat fast as he approached the solution of a question bearing so vitally on all his future. He concealed himself and Ms horse behind some low, shrubby trees that had been too in significant for the camp fires, long since burn ed out, and scanned the battered dwelling. No sign of life' was visible. He was about to proceed and end his suspense at once, when a lady, clad in mourning, came out and eat down on the verandah. He 4nstantly recog nised Suwannee, ' ? ,??/ For a few moments r£arie could scarcely summon courage to approach. The surround- i ing desolation, her badges of bereavement and Borrow, gave the young girl the dignity and sacredness of immeasurable misfortune. She Who had once so abounded in joyous, spirited life,: now seemed,' emblematical of her own ' waK-wasted and unhappy land — one to whom the 'past and the dead were more than the fu ture and the living. Would ehe receive him? Would she forgive him, one Of the authors of her people's bleed Ing wounds? . He determined to end his sus pense, and tode slowly towards her, that eoe might not be startled. At first she did not recognise the^ stranger in civilian -lress, who was still more disguised by a; heavy beard; bill she rose and approach ed the verandah steps to meet aim. He was about to. speak\ wheh she gavea great «tart, and 4 quick flush pas&ed; over her face. . Then, 'te if vb/fthe eternest:Henorti she resumed .her quiet, dignified bearing, as she said, coldly : *'yon -3*3^1 ic^ce^: wojidee, Oaptain Lane, tkatidid toot recognise you before.' He had dismounted ^Jnd jstoOd uncovered before her, &M; ^e'l^adsdY 't jjegret that X have no one; to 'take your horse, 'and no place ib stable him, bfit for ; yourself | can still offer such hospital it^ as my -home affords.' '...'. ' fcane was chilled and embarrassed. He . eoiild not epeak-to her in like distant and for mal manner, and 4e tesoiyed :that he would not. i/ However, it might Jiend, he would be true to/his own?h^i^pS9]3nipal^B- W : $fie threw the |elM|^DRai^ horse's neck, car Ing jaxA srhat :&stjjxfii;& ^ Itfm, aad, .stepping to. ./tt*$d€^^e:vi^iin^ ...; \ ? ? 'I never doubted that I should receive tios- j pitality at your home— that-is refused to no one; but I did hope for a different greet- i ing.' , . ;- .. . V -...'. ?! Again there was ia , quick,* auroral flush, and ' thenj with increased- pallor and 'coldness, she; asked, 'Have I failed in courtesy?' ? ?-? 'No.' . . :,.?? ??: ;. f; . 'Whatsreason have you to. expect, more?' ... ^'Because, almost from the-first hour we met, I had given.you esteem apdjceyerenee as a no ble woman; because I promised : you honest friendship, and have kept nay word.' Still more coldly she replied: 'I fear there can be no friendship between us. My father and brothers lie in nameless graves in your proud and triumphant -North, and my heart and hope are buried with them. My mo ther has since died, broken-hearted; Roberta's husband, the colonel you sent to prison, is a crippled soldier, and both are so impoverished . that they know not how to live, and you, you have been so busy in helping those who caus ed these woes that you evidently forgot the once light-hearted girl whom you first saw on this verandah. Why speak of friendship, j Captain Lane, when rivers of blood flow be- ] tween us— rivers fed from the veins of my kindred?' Her words were so stern and sad that Lane eat down on the steps at her feet and buried liis face in his hands. His hope was wither ing and his tongue paralysed in the presence of such grief as hers. - She softened a little as she looked down up on him, and after a moment or two resumed: 'I do not blame you personally. I must try to be just in my bitter sorrow and de spair. You proved long ago that you were obeying your conscience: but you who con quer cannot know the hearts of the conquer ed. Your home does hot look like mine; your kindred are waiting to welcome you with plaudits. You have everything to live for — honor, prosperity, and love. For, doubtless, long before this, the cold-hearted Northern girl has been won by the fame of your achieve ments. Think of me as a ghost, doomed to haunt these desolate scenes where once I was happy.' 'No,' he replied, springing to his feet, 'I. shall think of you as the woman I love. Life shall not end so unhappily for us both; for if you persist in your morbid enmity, my future will be as wretched as yours. You judged me unheard, and you wrong me cruelly. I have never forgotten you for an hour. I wrote to you agan and again, and received no answer. The .moment J was released from the iron rule of- military duty in the West I sought you before returning to the mo- ? ther who bore me. No river of blood flows between us that my love coulQ not bridge. I admit that I was speechless at first before the magnitude of your sorrows* but must this ac tjursed war go on for ever,- blighting life and hope? . What was the wound you did so much towards healing compared to the one ? you are giving me now? Many a blow has been ? aimed at me, but not one -has pierced my heart before.' She tried to listen rigidly and coMly to his impassioned utterance, but could not; and, as he ceased, she was sobbing in her chair. He SGUght with gentle words to soothe'lier,' but by a gesture she silenced him. At last she said, brokenly, 'For months I have not shed a tear. My heart and brain seem bursting, yet I could get no relief. Were it not for some faith and hope in God I should have followed my kindred. You cannot know, you never can know.' 'I know one thing, Suwannee. You were once &. brave, unselfish woman. I will not, I cannot, believe that you have parted with your noble, generous impulses. You may re main cold to me li i. merely pieau my cause for your sake, that I may bring consolation and healing into your life; but I still have too much faith in your large, warm, Southern heart to believe that, you will blight my life also. If you can never love me, give me the right to be your loyal and helpful friend. Giving you all that is best and most sacred in my nature, how can you send me away as if I had no part or lot in your life? It is not, cannot be true. When I honor you and would give my life for you, and shall love you all my life, it is absurd to say that I am nothing to* you. Only embodied selfishness and cal lousness could say that You may not be able to give what I do, but you should give all you can. 'Rivers of blood flowing be tween us' is morbid nonsense. Forgive me that I speak strongly— I feel strongly. My soul is in my words. I felt towards my cause as you towards yours, and had I not acted as I have, you would be the first to think me a craven. But what has all this to do with the sacred instinct, the pure, un bounded love which compels me to seek you as my wife?' 'You have spoken such words to another,' she said, in a low tone. -' 'No. Never such words as I*peak to you. I could not have spoken them, for then I wa9 too young and immature to feel them. I did love Miss Vosburgh as sincerely as I now re spect and esteem her. She is the happy wife of another man. I speak to you from the depths of my matured manhood. What is more, I speak with the solemnity and truth which your -sorrows should inspire. Should vou refuse my hand, it will never be offered to another, and you know me well enough to be sure I will keep my word.' 'Oh, can it be right?' said the girl, wring ing her hands. 'One question will settle all. Can you re turn my love?' ?Witti that query light came into, her mind as if from heaven. She saw that such love as theirs was the supreme motive, the supreme obligation. She rose and fixed her lovely, tear-gemmed eyes upon him eearchingly, as she asked: ' 'Would you wed me, a beggar, dowered only with sorrow and bitter memories?' 'I will wed you, Suwannee Barkdale, or no one.' 'There,' she said, with a wan smile, hold ing out her hand, 'the North has conquered again.' . 'Suwannee,'' he said, gravely and gently, as he caressed the head bowed upon his breast; 'let us begin right For. us two there Is no North or South. We are one for time,-andr I trust, for eternity. But do not think me so narrow and unreasonable as to expect that you should think as I do on many questions. Still more, never imagine that I shall chide you, even In my thoughts* for love of your kindred and people, or the belief that they honestly and heroically did what seemed to them their duty. When you thought yourself such a hopeless little shiner and I discovered you to be a saint, did I not admit that your patriotic impulses were, as sincere as my own? As it has of tei been M the past, time will settle all questieiis -between your people and ours, and time and a beaer. knowledge of each other will heal our mutual wounds. I wish? to' remove fear and distrust of ; the im mediate future from your mind, however. I must take you to a Northern home where I can work fdr'yoiifi&'Viny^rbTesSiiGiaj'^Ut you can be your own true seft tiiwe— just what you were when you fiiBtSvonniy honor find esteem. The memory *of your brave father and brothers shall jbe sacred ipj&e; as .well as , to' you. .'-'1 shall expect yoii to' change your feelings and dpuiMls uridja? no «ther compul sion than that Jot your SwTtl Jre&SSn; and eon acienee. ShaM'^oii fear tb id Witii toe now$ I will do evetyaung that yoti«&n; asfe if you Will only bless me' With yo^ibye.*' 'i nev^r- dreained bete^lt^t It ceuid be.jso teweet &;£-iess an je£e&&*J^ne\~6aid, with £ gleam ofcjier ^d-ffllr^nUie^ :?'and I haye dreamed about It ©h|?E^atO^|t #yed you *ui eoughtj and the truthaiearly billed me at first, but I came at laat^to be a little t*oud or it. You \rere so brav$ -'i&et; ~: consifteraifcej eo fair and generous towards -tas, that ;you: banished ' my-pfejfiSUeeSr and you 'won i^/Jieiis*;by-taei UevmgJtheTe Was som(^od:lfiit^f^«lLw ;| kled viBage, appealed 4tJ: A#dc»fr; aiad the did for supper but a little eawn-meal. Oh, bress de Lawd! if dere ain't Cap'n Lane!' 'Give us a hoe-cake, thefl,' cried Lane, shaking the old woman's hand. ''I'd rather sup with your mistress to-night on corn-meal than sif flown to the grandest banquet yeu Tiave ever prepared In the past. In the morn ing I'll forage for breakfast.' : 'Bress de Lawd!' said the old woman, as ehe hobbled away. 'Good times coming now. If I could jes' hear Missy S'wannee larf once mo' '—and then she passed beyond hearing. 'Yes, Suwannee, if I could only hear your old, sweet laugh once more,' Lane pleaded. ? 'Not yet, Fenton, not yet— some day.'' (The End.) 