' ii flfi MM, CHAPTER IX.— {Continued.) 'Do I ever talk of any one else,' said Doctor Fiank. ? ' Pooh ! How is Agnes Darling ?' ' As well as can be .expected, after eeeing a ghost !' 'Did she see a (jhoBt, though ?' asked Bobc, opening her hazel eyes. 'Of ctiurBH she did j and my advice to you, ' Miss Root', in to go to bed every night at dark, and to sleep immi'diately, with your head covered up in this bed-clothea, or you may happen to see oae, too.' ' Thonk you for your advice, wbicli idon t want, and won't tu!m. Whoso ghost did she see P' ' Tha fihoBt of Hnmlet's father, perhaps — she doesn't Irnuw ; before she could take a second look it vanished in a cloud of bine flame and she Bwooned away !'' ' Doctor Danton,' snid Rose, sharply, ' I wish you would talk sense. I'll go and ask Agnes her self about it. I want to get at the bottom of this affair.' ' A very laudable desire, which I regret being obliged to frustrate,' said Doctor Danton, placing HerBeit osDweon ner ana cnu uoor, ' You I' cried Rose, drawing herself up. ' What do you mean, sir P' ' An Miss Agnfs Darling's medical attendant, my dear Miss Rose— deeply as it wounds me to refuse your Hlinhtsat request— I really must forbid any Bten of the kind. The consequence might be G riouB,' . . '? ' And I nm not to see her if I choose,' demanded Roso, her eyes flishing. ' Certainly you are to see her, and to fetch hor ? jelly, nnd ch'ioken, and toast, and tta, if you will, but you are not to spoak of the ghost. That blood curdling subject is absolutely tabooed in the sick r ora. unless — ' ' Unlftfls whatf' inquired Roae, angrily. ' UnlesB you want to make a mnniao of her. I am serious in this; you raoBt not alludo in tho ro lnoteBt way to tbe cuuao of her illness when you ? visit hor, or you may regret your indiscretion while you live.' Hospuke with a gravity thatshowod that ho wns in earnest, Rose ehrugged hor shonldors impatiently, and walked to Agnea' door. Grace followed at a sign from her brother, who ran down stairs. Tho sick girl was not aBleep j she lay with hnr eyes wido open, staring vacantly at the white wall. She looked at them, when they entered, with a half-frighronad, half- inquiring gaze.. ' Are you bottar, Agnes f' asked Robo, looking down at tho colourless face. .. ' Ob, yes!' , ... She answored nervously, hor fingers twisting in . and. out of tha bed olothea, hor eyes wandering uu eaBily from one to th'o other. ?, ? ' Wouldn't you like somothinpr to eat ?' inquired Hobo, not knowing what eho to say. ' Oh, no I' ,.?-«?? ' You had botfcnr havo oorao tea,' said Qraco, do'cieively. 'It will do you good. I will fetoh you un some proiontly. Robo, there is tho breakfast bell.' A Roso, with a parting nod ti Agnes, went off, vary much disappointed, and in high dudgeon with Doctor Frank for not lotting her oroBS-examine the BeamstreBS oti thu aubject of the ghost.. ; ?? 'The ghoBt; Hhosaw inutfchave boen Mr. Rioharcl returning from his midnight Btroll,' thought Rose, shrewdly, .-'?' My opinion is, ho Ib tho only. ghost in Danton Hall.' ?;,'.,'?«; : Thero was very littlo allusion made to, tho affair of laBt night at tho breakfast tablo. It loemod to be tacitly understood that the subject wns dis agroeoble i nnd beyond an inquiry of the doctor, 'How favour patient this morning t' nothing was aaid. But oil folt vaguely thoro waBspme mystery. Doctor Frank's theory of optical illuaion Batisfiod no ones thero wan something at the bottom that thoy did not undorstnnd.1 ? . ?The stormy day arow Htormier as lr tvoro on, Ilnsosat down ut tho drawing- room piano aftor breakfast and tried to while away tho forlorn morning with music. Kate waB tboro, trying to work off a bad hoadacho with a complicated piece of embroidery and a .conversation with Mr. Reginald Stanford. That gentleman sat. on an ottoman at hor.foot, norting silks, and bouds, orid Berlin wool, nnd Robo wns abovo ousting even a clatico at them. Captain Danton, Sir Ronald, and tha doctor wore playing billiards ot tba othor end of the rambling old house. And up stairs %...».. a ..mm Ttuxtinrr fonakrl fnverinhlv on her hoi pillow, and moaned ind slept fitfully, and mur mured a name in her troubled sloop, and Graeo, watching' her. and listening, heard the namo Hurry.' Somo of tho glooth of tho wretohed day doemoa' to play on' Rose's spirits. She snug all th«.moL nnohoiy pongB she knew, in. a .mournful minor koy until tho connorvatiqn of tho other two ceased, nnd . thoy fait ob dismal ob hornelf. , ;?? '??'..- / 'Rose, don't)' Kate oriod out, in dospnration, at longth. 'Your sonpa aro onough to glvo ono ! ' tho horrorn. Hero is Reginald with a faoo as gloomy as the day.' ? ? ; Rose got up in displeased ailonqo, olosed tho niauo, and walked to tho floor. ' 'Pray don't 1' Baid Stanford) 'don't loavo us. Kuta and I havejdofcliiiig mora to say to- ono another, and I have a thousand thlngB to nay to y°' You must not dofor thorn, I fear,' replied Rose. 11 Kato will raiao your spirits with more onllvoning inuuio whonl nm gone.' ,, ??.' ... , 'A good id on,' Bntd Kate's lover when tho door ? :ol6aod. «' Odrao, my doar girl, give us Bomotbing a 'littlo loss depressing than that wo have just boon ''How odd,' suld Kate, languUly, 'that Robo will not like you. I cannot underatand it. 'Noithor oan I,' repliad Mr. Stanford j 'butslnoo tho cods havo willed it no, why thoro is nothing for it but rOBlgnation. Euro is ? Through tho wooas, through tho woods, follow nnd find mo, Sing 4hKato oaaayod, but failod. Hor hoadaoho was 'woruo, and singing an linpoaBlbiljty. ; '« I am afraid I muat Ho down/' aho said. ' I am half blind with tho pain. Yon muat Book rofugo ,in thn billiard-room, Rosluald, whilo I go up '^Mr! Stanford oxpronaod hia rogroro, klBoed her hand— ho was vory culm and deooroiu with His 'stately lndy-lovo— and lot hor go, _ _ _ ' I wish Rose had Btayod,' ho thought. 'Poor littlo girl t how miserablo sho lpokn BomotlmoB. lam afraid I havo not aotod qutro right i and I don't know that I am nut going to. n«ko a scoundrel Of m«Bolf ; but how is a follow to hnlp itP Katu u too b'oautiful and too perfoot for morUl man j and I am very mortal, Indued, andshould fool unoow fortabla mnrriwl to purfeotion.' i.n,.in« Ho walked to thoourtainod roooaB of tho drawing room, whom Robo had ono morning battled with hor despair, and throw htmioK down among the pillows of tho lounge. Thono vory pillows whoreon ^ hia handaomo head routed bad boen sonkod in Bo.e'i tearo, shod for.his nWnt fli»ko~but )Ow wub .: ;ho'to know thntr It wao ouoh » oocy Httlo nook, 'A ► atill nnd diuky, ond BUut in, tbkt Mr. Stanford, closed bis dark eyes, and wbb asleep in five minutes. And sleeping, Robo found him. Going to her room to read, she remembered she had left her book on tho sofa in the receas, aud ran downstairs again to gfet it. Entering tbe littlo room from the ball, she beheld Mr. Stanford asleep, hia head on his arm, bis handsome face a& perfect as something carved in marbls, iu its deep repose. Rose BbDod still — any oae mighc have stood and looked, and admired that picture, but not as she admired. Robo was in love with him— hopelessly, you know, therefore more doaply. All tbe love that pride had tried, and tried in rain, to crush, rose in desperation stronger than ever within hor. If he had not been her sister's betrothed who could Bay what might not have been ? If that sister was one degree less beautiful and accomplished, who could Ruy what still might be? She had boensucb a spoiled child all her life, getting whatever she wanted for tbe asking, tbat ic was very hard she should be refused now tbe highest boon she ever cravsd — Mr. Reginald Stanford. Did some mesmeric rapport tell him in his sleep she wab there? Perhaps so, |for without noise, or cauee, hid eyes opened and fixed on Rose's flushed and troubled face. She started away with a confused exclamation, but Stanford, Btretching out bin arm, caught and held her fast. ' Don't run away, Rose,' be said. ' How long have you been here ? How long have I been asleep ?' ' 1 don't know,' eaid Rose, confusedly. ' I came lure for a book only ajmoin:ut ago. Let mo go, Mr. Stanfocd.' ' Let you go ? Surely not. Come sit down here beside me, Rose. I have fifty things to say to you.' ' You have nothing to eay to me — nothing I ivish to huar. Please let mefgo.' ' On your dignity again, Rose ?' he said, smil ing, and mesmerizing her with his dark eyes j 'when will you have done wearing your mask P' ' 5ly maBk !' Rose echoed, flushing ; ' what do you mean, Mr. Stanford 1' ' Treating mo like this ! You don't want to leave me now, do you. You don't hata me as much as you pretend. You uot very well, my pretty litfcJa Roso j but you don't mean it— you know youi don't I' ' Will you let mo go, Mr. Standford ?' haughtily. ' No, my dear t certainly not. I don't get the! chance of a teto-a-tcte with you bo often that I should resign the priceless privilege at a word. We usod to be good friends, Ruse ; why can't wo be good frieuds again ?' ' Used to be 1' Rose echoed ; and then her voice failed her. All her love nnd her wounded pride roso in her throat nnd choked her. Reginald Stanford drew hor closer to him, and tried to Bee tho averted face. ' Won't you forgive me, Roso P I didn't behave well, I know j but I liked you so much. Won't you forgive mo P' A pasBionato outburst of tears, that would no longer be restrained, answered him, ' Oh 1 how could you do it ? How could you do it P How|could you deceive mo so P' sobbed Roso. .Stanford drew her, closer still. 'Deceive you, ray darling !? How did I deoeivo you ? Tell mo, Rose, anddon't ory. I' . ' You said — you snid ybur name wbb Reineoourt, and it wasn't; i and I didn't Jcnow you were Kate's lover, or I never would have — would have— Oh 1 how could you do it P' ' My do»r little girl, I told you tho truth. My mane is Reineoourt.' Roso looked up indignantly. ' Reginald Reinncourt Stanford is my name; and the reason I only g«vn yeu a third of it was, jib I said before, becauBe I liked you bo much. Yon know, my dear littln Rose, if I had told you that day on the iue my name was Reginald Stanford you would huve gone straight to the Hall, told the nows, and hud mo brought hero at once. By that proceeding Ishouldhave Been very littlo of you, of course, Don't you Beo P' ' Y-e-B,' very faltoriugly. ? I looked up that day from the ioe,' oontinued Stanford, ' and saw such a dear little curly-headed bright-oyed, roBe-cheeked fairy, that — no, I oau't tell you how I felt at the sight. I. gave you my middle name, and you acted tho Good Samaritan to' the wounded stranger, came to see me evory dny, and made that sprained ankle the greatest boon of my life.' ? ' ? ' Mr. Stanford— — ' ' Call me Reginald.' ? 'I cannot. Let me gol What would Kate aay ?' , ' ' She will like it, She doesn't understand why you dislike me so tnuoh.' Ho laughed as he said it. The laugh implied so much, that Rose started up, colouring vividly. ' Thia is wrong ! I must go, Don't hold me, Mr. Stanford.' ' ' Reginald, if you please I' ?? ' I have no right to say Reginald 1' . ' Yes, you havn n|siater'a right I' ' Let me go 1' said Rose, imperiously. ' I ought not to be here.' ? t ? : ' I don't see why, ; It is very, pleasant to have you bore. You haven't told me yet that you for give me.' N ' Of oourse I forgive you. It's of no oonse quenoo. Will you let mo go, Mr. Stanford P' ' Don't be in such a hurry. I told you I had fiftiy things to ? ' ? He atoppad ahort. The drawing-room door had . opened, nnd Captain Danton's veioo could be heard talking to his two companions at billiards. 'All deserted,' said the captain j ' I thought we should find the girls hero. ' Come in. I daro say somebody will bo along presently.' - . ' Oh, let me go 1' cried Rose, in dire .alarm, ' Papa may oome in hero. Oh, pray— pray lot mo go I' . '???-..?, 'If I dp, will you promise to be good friends with me in tho future P' ? ' Yes, yes 1 Let me go 1' ? ' :' ' And you forgot and forgivo the past P' ' Yes— yoa— yes I Anything, anything.' ? J Stanford, who had no ,. more desire, than Roso herself to bo caught just then by papa-in-low, relottsod hi^oaptiyo, and Rose flew, out into the' hall and upstairs faster thnn she had over dono be-j foro. ? ? .. ?.' , ,? ,.? .' - I '. How tho four gentlemen got on alone in the drawing-room aho nevor know. . She kept hor room all day, and; took uncommon pains with hen dinner toilet. She wore the blue glqco; in which ; she looked so charming, and twisted some jewelled stars in her bright auburn hair.' . She looked nfc herself in the glass, hor eyes dancing, her ohooks flushed, her roay lips aparb. - 'I nm pretty,' thought Rose. ' I like my own looks better than I do Kate's, and evory one calls hor bonutiful. I auppoau hor oyea nre'larg'or, nnd her nose more perfoot, and . hor forohoad higher; but she is too pale and cold. Oh, if Regi nald would only lovo |mo better than Kato I' She ran down stairs m the last boll rang, oogor and oxpootanfc, but .only to be disappointed. Graoo was there i Euny and Kute were there, and Sir Ronnld Keith j but whom worotho rostP 'Where's papa P' snid RoBe, taking a seat. f Dining out,' rcplod Knto, who looked pnlo andi ill.' 'And Reglnnld und Dootor Danton are with' him. Thoy uro at Mr. Howard's. They drove off o'vor an hour ngo.' Rosa's ovob foil and her colour faded, Until' tho meal wno ovor eho harldy openod her lips; nnd wbon it was donoludod, bIio wont baok immodiatoly to her room. Wharo was tho hbo of waiting when ho would; n'df bo thero. , '.,..,- .,':-.! , ,/ -.,?! ?.':'..., ! , (To'loconlinuod,) 