THE PRINCESS OF ONAWE. A TALE OF OLD NEW ZEALAND By Jessie Mackay. Chapter IV — (Continued.) Then Matene te Whiwhi took up the word. ' Peace to you, 0 sons of our father's foes ! In the vast heaven Heku Karaiti waits for the Ngai Tahu. The Ngatiroa and the Ngai Tahu are brothers. Listen to-day and smite us to-morrow, if such ;s your will. We are unarmed in your Jcainga, as birds in a snare.' Mere and taialia fell gently from irresolute hands. That night the Ngai Tahu listened in the Council House to the new 'Karakiu, and Fairy saw with a gentle wonder how the the gay laughter loving people she had tried to icach, quickened and fired under the magnetic words of the son of Te Rauparaha. Years before she had won the vivacious tender Maori heart with a look and a smile ; but she had never penetrated to the mysterious Maori soul. She felt that she stood face to face with a day risen out of the grave of time — a day of Paul and Barnabas. No mosses of cold convention eighteen centuries old ob scured die beauty of truth to those primeval eyes. But when she drew aside in her lmmili:y they seemed to divine her thought. The Christian Arihis stood before her ; she felt the spell of the proud ancient noblesse, purified and disciplined by the living faith within them. As in a dream she heard them call her in their own tongue ' The great lady who loved the Maori,' ' the good teacher who cleared the way,' ' the noble chieftainess who served Hehu Karaiti.' And calling to mind suddenly how, as as a child, she had said that she would stand on the headland of Onawe and shoot Te Rauparaha, the beauty and the strangeness of the Lord's ways came home to Fairy's -heart. She could: not speak a word but held out a hand to each ; the tears welled into her eyes, and she could have knelt for their blessing. It was much spoken of, how the young chiefs had completely overthrown heathenism among the natives of Wtiu galoa and Kaiapohia. ' They're all Christian now, are they ?' cried the Captain with kindling eyes. ' Then, by Jupiter, they ought to stand to their bond like men, and we'll have our own again ! Hey, Joanna, are you ready to go north !' *' To the' North Pole, if it please you, my _dear old. Captain.' said his wife smiling kindly and quietly. 'Wheie's Hori? I am on pins till we sail,' said the Captain, briskly setting out for the beach. But he rubbed his eyes 'twice when he got as far as the hainga. For there, at a wliare door, was the man he sought — stained, un kempt, and clad in a blanket. He was possessed body and soul by the squalidest form of the lotus-eater's mad ness. Hori Mar had gone back to his mother's tribe. Neither the Captain's adjurations nor Fairy's entreaties had any effect upon him. His answers were rough and brief, and he showed no indication of remem bering the past save on one occasion. It was the day before the Galbraiths sailed. Fairy had left her preparations for the voyage to make a last appeal to her adopted brother's higher nature. ' I remain at Otakou,' he reiterated sullenly. 'It is my mothei's hainga. I am tired of being a pakeha.' Fairy stood and looked at him with shamed pity in her dark eyes, Something in the tiny, pathetic face struck a living chord of memory. . ' Ah,' he said, with a savage gleam of his white teeth, 'it is finished, the fight with Lemaire's son. I parted you; yes, it is finished. But- I wish I had killed him, too !' Not another word would he say, and Fairy was forced to. leave him with an agonising doubt beginning to wake in her mind. Many a year after that there might have been seen at Otakou the slouching, coarsened wreck of a once magnificent man. He had taken to himself a Maori wife. When he was hungry, he fished ; when he wps not too lazy he snared birds : when white traders came with flour and rum he chaffered and cheated according to the custom of the lower pakeha Maoris. But to all intents, human and divine, the life of Hori Mar ended the day that Tamihana landed. He was the one man in the kainga who was absolutely unmoved by the preach ing of the Ngatitoa chiefs ; he lived and died in blank materialism. Truly had Korora spoken in her death trance — ' The ghosts of the gods are calling # * * * ghost of God to ghost of man ane, aue !' Chapter V. THE WIND GOD'S VICTORY. It was not to Wangaloa, however, that the Galbraiths went, but to Whangaraupo, now beginning to be called Port Cooper. A feeling of pride kept the Captain from returning to the Peninsula till he could do so as its unquestioned owner. He still clung to his claims with unabated tenacity, but his negotiations with the chiefs remained 'unsatisfactory. He was now engaged in trade with Sydney and was much from home ; his wife and daughter worked cheerily and lived sparely in a little cottage near the old pier. Fairy sometimes told her father that he still made a good Prospero, but she was no longer young enough to play Miranda — this very demurely, for every unattached trader in the district would still have given his eyes for the Captain's daughter. She took the homage of these sons of Neptune very much as a matter of course. ' To be sure,' she said to her own little olive face in the mirror, 'though I've nearly doubled .the age of Evaline Beranger, I was once a princess, and even when royalties cearse to be 'young and beauteous, They still are called so by every subject duteous.' ' She had been at Port Cooper more than eighteen ' months when for the first time in .many years she heard the name of her old lover spoken. It was in a settler's hut ; and a wandering widow who had drifted over from Sydney to look fnr a ne'er-do-weel son was telling of her voyages, ' I came to Auckland whh Captain Lemaire,' said the old lady, 'and if I'd been his own mother he couldn't have been kinder. And I felt it, Mrs. Munro ; for I was thnt sick I thought I'd taken a ticket for the next world 'stead of Auckland. Poor man ! He's none too well looked after in his own house — it's house I call it, Mrs Munro, for I think the ship's his home.' ' Has he a wife ?' asked Mrs Munro. 'He has,' said the old dame, with deep sympathy. ' A delicate downat heel, skim-milk-and-vinegar sort of woman, who has a grudge at well people because they're well, and at sick people for taking attention off herself. They say she was an orphan the Cap tain married out of pity ; and a better husband never was, but he's got a very indifferent bargain.' The doubt of an ancient treachery stirred again painfully in Fairy's mind as she listened in silence. Now the air was full of new thoughts and new names ; everyone talkeed of the Canterbury Association and the conmisr of emigrants. When they spoke of the parks and cities that were to rise on the vast straw-colored plains beyond the Bridle Track, Fairy smiled placidly with a shade of world-weariness. Nation-making seemed an old game ' to her now. The stalwart figure of John Robert Godley. the Resident whom the Asso ciation had sent to prepare the way, was a visible portent of civilisation. Captain Galbraith was overjoyed. He lost no time in laying his case before the Resident, and demanding restitu tion of his dues. Mr Godley appointed: a day for the final consideration of the suit. When that day came, it brought the overthrow, of the hopes of sixteen ?years. Considerately, but firmly, the Resident pointed out that his claim was utterly untenable in its entirety ; but thst he was entitled to some compensa tion, the precise acreage of which could only be determined by the coming Land Court. The Captain went home with a dazed child-'ike smile, as pitiful as tears to thone who loved him. He sank into the rough old arm-chair that Fairy had upholstered with , chintz and home dressed sheeD-skiii. ' ' ' ? ' It's all nvi-r, lasses dear,' he said, ' Wongaioa hasgbiie past us, as the whales did. I c-une to New Zealand to make a man or a: mouse ; and' I've made the mouse, Joanna. You don't blame me, you two ? ' The Lord gave, and the Lord took away.' Maybe that text was not meaift for land and whales, but they'll know just how it feels — up there.' ' You are not the mouse ; you are the man now, father, to take it like this,' cried Fairy from one side of the arm.chair. And Joanna Galbraith said softly from her side : ' Heaven be praised ! I have all I ever asked, and more:'' ' Ay, ay,' said the Captain. ' True as steel, and good as gold— wife and daughter both. To-morrow — there's something to be done. Godley spoke o£ compensation — a grant. Half a loaf, Joanna — but .Te won't complain. My head's not clenr. I'm going to lie down. I'm going to sleep.' But out of that sleep the Captain never wakened on earth. Mother and daughter were inseper able in the months that followed. But Mrs Galbraith stooped and failed rapidly, like a climbing plant whose prop is cut down. It was in those day's she told her daughter of her run away marriage, and proposed to write to England about Fairy's finding a home with her relatives later. But the pioneer girl refused to see the advantage of this. ' 0 no, mother dear,' she said quickly. ' I shall live and. die in New Zealand. Besides, J am not good enough for them— if my father was not.' The proud woman looked wistfully at her daughter, then gave her an approv ing caress ; and the matter was never named again. When the snow lay thick on the far hills beyond the yellow plain, Fairy was an orphan indeed. Little indeed could be made of the Captain's affairs, but she found kind friends. Almost every home in the settlement was open to her. She went' to live with a certain Mrs Smith as help and companion, and became the guardian angel of a legion of little Smiths. There she found a balm for sorrow in ministering to others. The* summer that followed that desolate winter was the dawn of a new era. Fairy was one of the crowd that stood out to watch the four pilgrim ships coming into port. In the con fusion of the landing, she played Mercy to many a bewildered Christiana. Of all the wonders of civilisation, none struck Fairy more than the little printing office from which issued Canterbury's first newspaper. As she held the tiny sheet in : her hand, and conned over the name ' Lytteiton ' at the title page — the name that like Aaron's rod was to swallow the three others that went before it — Whanga- raupo, Port Cooper, Port Victoria — a curious feeling of aloofness came over her, the old order had so completely changed. In the February following the landing of the pilgrims, the Smiths suddenly planned a visit to Akaroa ; and Fairy after long years saw her old home again. She could scarcely con tain herself going up the long harbour, and never was duty more tedious than settling the little Smiths in their tem porary domicile that afternoon. ?'There's a ship come in from Auckland/' said Smith pe're that even ing at tea. ' What's her name 1 Who's her captain 1 What does she want ?' asked his wife in a breath. Smith pe're was an absent and un observant man ; und answered h-eamily. He thought she was tl:e Flying What d'ye:call-it; he fancied that her Skipper was an Italian Dom .Somebody ; and he opined she had come to load with thingummies. ' Are you sure she hasn't come to sive notice of the death; of Ojaeen Anne ?' inqnirel his brisk wife with a fine air ot sarcasm. But the next day was Fairy's own ; and she hurried away to-her old liannts lest anyone should hinder her ; and like /Enone for her ' dark tniil pines' that had been cut away. Further up she was better pleased;: there the axe had not come. 'Ah,' she said, 'the Royal Post Office ! That has not been touched,' and with an April face she put in her hand. Amazement !' The hollow was not empty. First she drew out a stone used for a make-weight;: then a dark, firm, clammy thing ; and last of all a staked and ancient letter.. As she examined the dark object it opened in her hand, and displayed the very chain and pendant she had last seen on the neck of Korora. She turned it over and overrlialf believing it an optical, illusion. Then she examined the letter. Only a few words were distinguishable for damp and age and wood stain. On the envelope she read 'Edward Lernaine,' and inside was written in the thin Italian character then common among women. ' Dear Edward — It is q^uite true what I told you ; I aim going to marry Hori Mar I am happy. * * *)r All the rest was past deciphering. Fairy sat long with it before she could understand anything. Then she rose hastily, saying :: : . '?Hori Mar did , tin-,, and parted us forever!' She had but one though I in- her mind as she sped down the hill^ and that was to go at once to' Edward and tell him all.. She' could not live longer under the stigma of broken faith. The- newly -arrived ship, was vaguely in her mind ; perhaps that would take her to him. . She had no thought before, and none beyond the one aim of clear ing herself. When she reached the beach, there was but one man there, and he was launching, a sailing-boat, with his back to her. ''Can you tell me ? ?' she began, and then was dumb, for the face of the man who turned round was the face of her lover. Their hands met in a long clasp, their eyes questioned each other mournfully. ' O,,iire we two yet. alive !' but for a iuU minute they said nothing. Then Fairy uttered softly. 'It's a' miracle ! I was going to the world's end to seek you, and show you what I found : to tell you — to tell you-' And Lemaire said, pointing to^his boat : ...?-.- ? ' Come. Tell : it on the honest open sea. There are no spies ; there is no treachery there.' Then Fairy stepped in, and they pushed off in a sombre and ? silent wonder. Soul and eyes alone spoke. Each saw the other in a psychological light ; and the gross doubt and cruel misbelief of fifteen years fell away like a dead husk. They had parted a rash, ignorant boy and girl :' they met in the1 grandeur of self-reverent manhood and disciplined womanhood. ' Beautiful, most beautiful — and lost !' wailed the souls in unison over the ferial vision of a waste hearth and a dead fire. lfl Edward, it was all a long, mistake,' said Fairy at last. -: I knew it too late,' he said sombrely. ' You never married, and I, Heaven help me— did !' ' So many years I have misjudged the best man in the world,' said Fairy piteously. ' Oh Edward, look how clever and cruel they were ! — and I never knew till to-day.' She showed the letter and the case. ' That writing was meant for mine ; but it was not.' Speech was unlocked ; eagerly they pieced the plot together — Hori's dis covery of their engagement, the com plicity of the Maori girls, the suppression and forgery of letters, the juggling with the chain. It was evi dent that Hori had placed them there the last day of their stay in Wangaloa, not knowing that Edward had been recalled to his dying father, and that coming night would see them in Otakou. How Hori had intended to shape his plans in the natural course of events they could never know. It seemed as if discovery must have been inevitable, and yet by a chain of fateful circum stances his childish devices had suc ceeded. Then Edward's story came out. How with boyish rashness he had placed the chain as well as the letter in the hollow tree ; how they disappeared and he found a letter, apparently in Fairy's hand, and certainly on her own peculiar paper,, coolly announcing her coming marriage ; how his sudden recall on -so solemn a summons, prevented his going boldly to the whaling station. He had reached Kororareka in time to receive his father's dying charges ..which in volved an immediate journey to France. He wrote a letter from the North Island to Fairy, which he trusted to a whaler ; this seemed to have been inter cepted by Hori also, for it was answered by a final spurious note announcing that she was married. They asked many questions about each other's welfare, kindly and soberly, as long parted friends. Honour sat at the gateways of speech, and stifled any words of love. They spoke too of the new auspices which heralded the civilisation of the island. 'But you know I have no. part in that,' said Fairy simply. ' I belonged to old New Zealand ; I only wanted the great trees and the quiet beach. I shall never call the place Akaroa nor Kaia pohia Kaiapoi. And 0, how could I call my own Onawe Mount Sinclair ?'' ' You are right. The golden age lies backward for us both,' he said gloomily. '0 no, not for you,' said Fairy earnestly. The rest of us were children — such poor, foolish, precocious children — Hori, and all of us. And I think '. stayed a child somehow ; but you have grown into a glorious man, and the new age-. wants you.' '? ? \ -? He was looking at the small thin figure ^with an infinite love and pity. ' 0 poor little lonely princess, poor discrowned princess ! 'What will you do alone here ?' She smiled. ' You don't know .what a strong little' thing I am ; nor how many friends I have.' ; The strong -nature of the man was momently giving way. '! Fairy, can you bear it ? I can't, I can't ! All the long years we have starved on a memory ! All the long years we have got to go on ! And you so lonely ! I can't !' Pure selfless pity welled up for him whose lot. she knew to'be so much worse than her own. ' O yes, you can. You are 'going to sail away and leave me a very precious gift— the memory of the best man and noblest Viking of all ^he Pacific.' A groan burst from him. ' It was not our fault,' said Fairy with a pallid smile ; ' nothing was our fault. It was all the Wind-God of Onawe. 'We defied him, and he was too strong for us. But he * has not broken us ; he never shall. God is stronger.' Edward Lemaire looked up with a shamed wonder at this small creature who was so steadfast. 'Fire and water — glass and iron — strength and feebleness - that is what good women are made of. ' God be thanked for such' as you, Fairy Galbraith.' ? ?„ . ' ' \ 'Do you know ?'' she said, smiling still, 'I think we have taken the tapu off Onnwc — you and I and the dear ones asleep at Port Cooper. The Wind God will never curse any Pakeha again. Is not that a ??bea.utifnl thought ?' Then the pei4lous sweetness of this drifting on the summer sea came to her in a flash. . \ ,. . ?? ' 0 let us turn now-;'Ave have been away so long.' : ? A sudden, rushing roar almost took away her last words. It had blown a mild nor'-wester all clay, and they had not noticed its dying awayj Wor.se than that, they had uot seen the warning of the dark clouds gathering swiftly in a heavy bank at the south. ITow 'the sou'- wester had sprung up, and struck them in all its fury. ' Fairy— darling— keep still ?' His hand darted toward the sail ; but the wind was quicker still ; in a moment the boat was upset and they were flung in the water. ' Home Edward —together !' gasped Fairy. / .'But he answered not a' word, for the edge of the boat had struck him .sense less. She seized his passive hand in both hers, and almost instantly they were sucked down into the lashing water. There was a dull roar on the height of Onawe ; the Wind-God had taken his last vengeance on Edward Lemaire and Fairy Galbraith. But in the everlasting triumph of light over darkness his worst became their best. The loveless gray ness of life could never touch them again, nor could disloyalty come near them even in a thought. [The End.] 