Pith and Point. Habit, It not resisted, soon becomes neces sity.-St. Augustine. Censure 1B the tax a man, pays to the public lor bolng eminent.-Swift. A fan with a little car-trumpet attached Is Ihe latest device to aid the deaf. There is m&ny; a eprlckiilig car£ a noedleEB leak in a clty'B treasury. A rich gold '.ode In Colorado, which w0£ loft about twenty years ayo. was recently, round. Bxaraplo is move forcible than precept. People look at my six days to see what l wean on the seventh. A woman In Vlnccnnes, Ind., shot her husband the other <1sy because be would not allow her tOsGO to Sunday pohool. Snakes In South America fear the s:cro tary bird, and will even crawl away from Its shadow. This bird can easily thrash a bird twice Its size. WlUle it! !5n;lsnd potatoes arc ero-vn almort entirely rs an essulent, »"OMt 4,000,000 tens ere annually used In Fiance In the manufacture cf starch and alcohol. Fashionable women aro designing their own Jewellery Just now, and they have so're very pretty ideas. Cheap-wcrking jewel lers, " handy" men, are much in raqut.sl. Until 1871 there were no shad In Pacific waters. In that year a few thousand were introduced by the United Stat'cr. [';sb Com mission. Last year the catch s"U1 for tuariy £8000. It Is asserted that M. Bhlgl, of Turin, has succeeded In producing and photograph ing "the e)obular lightning whose exist ence has b?en so long doubted by aclent lats." It has been said that nowhere in the wcrld are gathered together bo many stately, beautiful, and well-dressed women as Coven t Garden during the grand opera sea son. A man's own conscience la hl» sole tri bunal ; and he should care no more for that phantom "opinion" than he should fear meeting a ghost If he crossed the church yard at dark. The report of the Chicago Public Ubrarjr shows that 1,178.68* volumes were circu lated during the year ending lat June, which breaks the world's record for free circulat ing libraries. Queen Victoria rules over more Moham-" medant than the Sultan of Turkey, over more Jews than there are in Palestine, ana over more negroes than any other Sovereign who is not a native ot Africa. The robes worn by the Speaker of the House of Commons are ld-ntl"aj with the Judicial costumes ot the Master ol the Ho::*, an ofHco which in former years was fre quently united with the Speakership If the secret history of books couie ba written, and the author's private the M« and meanings noted down alongside ,< ) !>« ?tory. how many insipid volumes wculd In come Interesting, and dull taies e*clte reader. It Is rumoured .that Ma* Norflau Is the author ot a book which Is soon.to be pub lished, entitled "How Women Love.* In this volume the author will attempt to present by romance bis Idea of woman* love. Lady Georglanna Grey, aunt ot Bart Grey, is nearly IPO years of age, but, though she Is not very brisk upon her legs, in an- .. aces to keep Informed on politics and the . , talk of the day by having guests to Olhner ? almost every night. A preacher at Swedeburg, In Nebraska, has got himself into trouble by an alleged . hypnotising of a young woman and o re fusal to waken her. The girl says she." euffera great agony in consequence when- ? l over there Is a thunderstorm. Dr. H. H. Hale, ot Detroit, carries -a walk ing-stick the intrinsic value of which Is ? £600. It was presented to blm some y.ars ago by Mania in Edinburgh. It is orna mented with gold and JewelB, and the head contains a fine chronometer. The tea always used by the Queen U bought from a quaint old-fashlonmlshop In Pall Mall. Karl drey recommended the blend to her Majesty, and It Is known «* "lSurl Grey'B mixture." Wherever rtio goes a stock ot the tea-like ber bed stead-accompanies her Majesty. The Queen made her will Just about twenty years ago. It Is engrossed In vel lum, quarto size, and Is boui'd as a VOJiudp, secured by a private lock. \Vheu the I'rln ccfB Alice died in 1878 modifications of the beuuests were rendered necessary, and In the summer of 1S8«, after the Duke 'I Albany'a death, further revisions wore mi'V. I MIbs Ellen Terry (says the " Magnet Ma?n r.lne") Is a great suBercjr from neuralgia, and lier nervousness Is apparent to every ' one on the stage. Among her trl-rCa. too, it is wetl known, and when slie it dlnlug out it Is a very ordinary occurreyiw lor her to leave the table when dinner is about hilf over. She re! Ires to * dark-, encd room, and rests on.a couch for t»n or flfteen minutes, at the end of which time Bhe returns to the dinner table. During the reign of James I. ISngland'a first newspaper was born, May, 13.12, setting the first Issuo of the " V.'ceMy Nowos," KclviilliEtEmUng that It was illy rcK'lveiJ, Its editor, Nathaniel Butter, lived by ihe business for eighteen years. The venture was the outgrowth of a custom amons the country gentlemen to pay some writer In l,rmlon for " news letters," end Mr. Cut. ler's brave attempt was merely the prlnlltfi; re^ilcrly for the re:ieral public that wlileh before bad beou written. In a diaul;orjr tnnnner for the private Individual. A girl can toll when a man is really In love with her long before bis Innlshlp can sum up couraKu to admit of a verbal conf^s slun. His eyes will wander towards her ut table : he will protons a profound llkln« for the dishes elie alTeets ; be will admire her water-colour sketches In split! cf tl»o fart that her brothers call thein weak and splashy ; the colours that she wears are perfection, yet he has the utmost dllllculty in telling pink from heliotrope. All tlieae r.iid a hundred mure Utile things betray lilm. " The Wheels ot Chance" Is the first work or Action In which the cycle supplies the central motive. The lover and the heroine meet and make acquaintance on wheels, The elopement with the villain takes place on wheels, and after the villain has been unmasked tbere is a rescue on wheels by the lover. Instead of a flight on galloping horses, the pair speed down an English road at midnight on two bi cycles. The bicycle appears In almost all or the Illustrations, ai'd the characters are seen In cycling costumes. 