THE PARLIAMENT HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 23. The Speaker (Hou. Sir Jenkin Coles, K.C.M.G.) took the Chair at 2 o'clock. THE SEAT FOR ALBERT. Tho SPEAKER announced that a nntitinn lad been lodged with the Crown by M.r. Ereorge Kiddoch against Mr. A. U. Peake retaining a scat in tho House as a member for the District of Albert. Tbe petition wa3 iccompanied with i'50 as security for costs. The TREASURER (Hon. Jb\ W. Holder) moved that the petition be received and re ferred to the Court for the Trial of Disputed Returns, and that the Court meet on Monday, June 2S, at 10.30 a.m., at Parliament House. Carried. INSPECTOR OF STOCK TOR THE KORTH. Mr. BURGOYNE— Has the appointment of Inspector of Stock for the Northern Divi sion been made ; and if so, who has been appointed? Was the position promised to any one at tho time application for the office were invited. The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. Dr. Cockburu) — 1. No. *_. Applications have been invited from all branches of the service. The position has not been promised to any one. To tha Hon. A. Catt— He had told everybody that it might be taken for granted that the position would be tilled by some oiiicer in the Government service, because he was sure there were several officers already in tho service who were quite capable of per forming in every way the duties of the posi tion. He had told everybody outside *that practically there was no chance of their being appointed. GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES AND EXTRA WORK. Mr. CALDWELL asked if any Govern ment employes working High pressure during the last few days wouid be compensated by the Government. The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder) said he was not aware of any particular servants engaged in extra work. He would ba glad to know of the cases if there were any, and he would consider them. ADMISSION OF FRUIT INTO WESTERN AUSTRALIA. Mr. MCDONALD asked if anything had been done as tho result of the interview with Sir John Forrest for the admission of fruit into Western Australia free from disease. The MINISTER of EDUCATION and AGRICULTURE (Hon. Dr. Cockburn) replied that he interviewed Sir John Forrest when in Adelaide, and did everything he could to persuade the Premier of Western Australia to accede to the request of the South Australian Government. But he regretted to say that the apj^ication ended in a definite refusal on the part of the Premier of Western Australia to admit apples from South Aus tralia south of a certain point, including the area from which we desired to introduce our fruit. CARRIAGE OF LIVE STOCK. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. L. O'Loughlin) informed Mr. Copley that arrangements would be made to bring back from the commonage areas stock at half rates ; tho same as now there would be easy terms of repayment. STATE BANK SECURITIES. The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder) told Mr. Griffiths that the Government had not objected to the State Bank bonded securities being employed under the meaning of the Life Assurance Act by the various Life Assurance Societies in tho sense that they could havo accepted those securities if they pleased. As a mattor of fact tho wording of the Act under which tha Lifo Assurance Societies worked required that a deposit should be amongst other things securities of the Government. The bouds were not securities of the Government, and therefore it had been ruled by the law officers, and it waa also the opinion of eminent counsel outside, that these bonds could not be accepted. In further answer to Mr. Griffiths the TREASURER said it would be necessary during the session to introduce a Bill dealing with those Societies, and if that was done, and if the Lifo Assurance Societies wished it, he would include a clause on the matter tho hon. member referred to. THE SURPLUS. Mr. McDONALD asked tho amount which he expected as 'a surplus at tho end of the year, and with permission he wished to con gratulate the Government upon the distinc tion conferred upon the Premier. Tha TREASURER said he could not pive any definite amount as the surplus. Hon. members who had occupied thu position of Treasurer know that until tha accounts closed it was difficult to tell the amount within £'5.000 or £10,000. There would be a surplus, and he hoped soon to give an approximate amount THE STATE BANK. Tha TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder), in answer to Mr. Gralxgek, said the papers asked for in connection with, tho State Bank were not quite complete. GLASTvTLLE ITPEWORKS. Mr. ROBERTS asked if tha Commissioner of Public Works would increase the number of workmen at tho pipeworks at Glanville in order that authorized worka may not be delayed through want of pipas. Tha COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. (Jr. Jenkins) said it was useless to increase the number of iuan unless they increased the plant also; it was better to have a little delay — (Mr. Roberts — 'A little') — so far as pipes were concerned than to have on increased expenditure for plant, that would not bo justified, because thev might have to throw all the men out of work again iu a few months' time. They were working now as many hours as possible at the works, and wore making pipes at a very rapid rata. They hoped to be able to lay all the mains before the necessity of next summer was upon them. WATER CONSERVATION. Tho COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins), to Mr. Bkookeu, said the report of the Engineerin Ciiief on water conservation was practically ready, but there were a few plans to iini3h in connection with it. He hoped it would ba rcidv in a few days' time. BUNDALEER WATER SCHEME. Mr. MILLER— 'Will the particulars that are to ba provided relating to water conserva tion include those applying to the Bundaleer ^ThT' COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins)—' I believe so. They will practically include all the schemes that we have any reports upon.' ACCOMMODATION AT BROCK'S CKEEK. Mr. GRIFFITHS— ' Has the Treasurer considered an application from residents of the gold fields relative to shifting tho hospital buildings from Barrundie to Brock's Creek, that placa being more suited for medical facilities. The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder)— *'I have received a request to shift the doctor's quarters, but did not understand it meant the Hospital quarters. Tho request was refused not merely on account of the expense that the alteration would involve, but because of the probability that as the mining industry ad vances tho building would be needed at Bur ruadie. However, I will further consider tha matter on the fresh representations made.' THE GLENELG RAILWAYS. Mr. PRICE— ' Is it true that iu the condi tions for the proposed purchase of the Gleneig lines the Government refused to assent to a requirement that the present employes should be continued in the service?' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins)— 'When the otierof the lines was made to the Government a fuw years ago the Railways Commissioners wouid not absolutely promise to give per manent employ moat to all the men then in the service of the Glenelg Railway Company, but said that ali the men Jiecessary for tho work ing of the lines should bo retained. :! HOMESTEAD BLOCKS. Mr. BROOKER asked — '? Is it the intention of the Government to intro duce a Bill to ausend the Crown Lands Act so as to provide for a reduction of the rate of interest charged to blockere from 5 to 4 per cent., nnd to give power to the Government to purchase land for blockers without having tha full number of depositors before rue': purchased' Tho COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hoik L. O'Longl.Iin)— ' The Govern ment will ask Parliament to reduce the interest on future loans, but is not in favour of the othsr suggested alteration.' A' CONSOLIDATED LAND BILL. Mr. MOODY— ' Is it the intention of the Government to bring iu a Consolidating Land Bill this session : if not, whv no:?'' The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS(Uon.L.OrLo:iKhliii)— 'Owing to the tine whioh will bo osuupied by tho proceed ings relating to federation the Government fears that this work cannot be undertaken this session.' EXPORTATION OF RABBITS. Mr. KOIiERTS asked—' 1. What has been the loss sustained by tho Produce Depot at Pars Adelaide thrcnjrh the exportation of rabbits? 2. If any ioss, tho reason why?' Thu MINISTER of EDUCATION and AGRICULTURE (Hon. Dr. Cockburn)— '? 1. Up to the end of May £1S2 10s. 3d. '2. Be cause there being no other produce at the depLit requiring refrigeration the whole cost of running tho machinery had to be debited to that account, and it was considered desirable in order to develop tho industry to perform the necessary services at the same charges as obtained in Now South Wales and Victoria.' MOY HALL LANDS. Mr. MORRIS asked, for Mr. Cock— 'Is it tha intention, of the Government to have en mities made as to the suitability of the Moy lall lands for closer settlement with & view to ;he repurchase of the same?' The* COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. L. O'Loughlin)—' The question .vill be considered should the Repurchase Bill 36 passed.'' PORT ADELAIDE PRODUCE DEPOT. Mr. DUNCAN asked— '1. What had been :he net receipt from the Port Adelaide Produce Depot for thu year ended May 31, 1S57? 2\. What had been the total expenditure during ihe same period ?' The MINISTER of EDUCATION and AGRICULTURE (Hon. Dr. Cockburn) —'The amount received and paid into the Treasury was £1,173 10s. lid. ; additional amount outstanding to col lect, £455; total, £1,638 19s. lid. 2. The total expenditure during the same period was £1,950 11s. lid., which included Manager's and other salaries and all other expen&es; ; also £1 S3 103\. 3d., tho losses Bustaiued in preparing rabbits for export. THE SEED-WHEAT ACT. Mr. CALDWELL asked— ''Can a person who has obtained wheat under the Seed-wheat Advances Act of 1S% sit as a District Coun cillor, or be nominated for Buch an office, before his obligation to tne Government has been met?' The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder)— 'Yes.' SUNDAY WORKING. Mr. CALDWELL asked— '1. Is ha aware that men — mostly farmers and their sons — were at work during tho last Christian Sabbath at the Govern ment Railway Reservoir at Eurelia? 2. If so, what explanation had he to offer? 3. And in future, in the interests of the working man, will the Commissioner see that no such violation is done to the day of rest''' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins)—' 1. Yes: a fewmen were at work. 2. The arrangement was made in order to prevent a large body of men at tho Yonpala Reservoir being out of work un the Monday. 3. So far as possible the day of rest would be kept as such.' SUMMERTOWN AND URAIDLA TELEPHONE. Mr. DUNCAN asked— '1. What steps;* have been taken for the reception and delivery^ of telephonic messages at Summertown and ' Uraidla? 2. If so, when will tho lino be pro ceeded with?' The MINISTER of EDUCATION and AGRICULTURE (Hon. Dr. Cockburn)— 'Arrangements are being made for the charge of tho offices, and when these are completed the line will be at once erected.' CYANIDE ROYALTIES. Mr. McDONALD asked— '1. Has the Go vernment paid any royalties to the patentees of tho cyanide process ; if so, how much? 2. What is the amount still due?' The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. L. O'Loughlin)—' 1. Yea ; £37 3a. 7d. 2. £9 5s. 10d.' COST OF COMMONAGE. Mr. ROBERTS asked— 'What has been tho total amount of money expended by tha Government for the purpose of finding and providing pasturage for stock coming from droucht-stricken districts?' The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. L. O'Logblin)— 'The total amount expended was £1,694 12s.' LEAVE OF ABSENCE. Mr. HANDYSIDE moved— 'That four teen days' Jeave of absence be granted to the hon. member for Albert, Mr. Peake, on account of urgent business.' It was stated in error in the Press that his colleague was not well. Ho was assured he was in perfect health. Carried. ADDRESS Ef REPLY— ADJOURNED DEBATE. Mr. POYNTON felt he was only doing his duty iu expressing his views regarding certain paragraphs in the Speech, and also luattuM not referred to there. While the policy of the Government could not be designated a 'rest- aud-quiet' one, there could be uo claim to its being broad and comprehensive. The bulk of it was not new, and what was new would net create many fresh avenues of labour. There was no necessity to say anything more about paragraph 2. That matter had been practi cally dealt with as might bo seen by the volumes which had appeared in print in con nection with the Queen's Diamond Jubilee. As to paragraph 3, it was quite right that the Premier should go to England, and he availed himself of this opportunity of congratulating Mr. Kingston upon the honour be had received. Thero was no necessity, however, to send home a bodyguard with him. It siruck him very forcibly that about the tima when the Govern ment wero considering the advisablenerj of sending a contingent to London they refused ii reinws-t for an increase of Gu. a week for tho ui&inieuanCG; of destitute children. It would have bean very ninch more like a Jubilee act if that request had been granted out of money saved through not sending home a military contingent. He wished to ask the Govern ment one or two pertinent questions. Was it true, as rumour paid it it waa, that some of tho commissioned officers resigned their positions nominally in order that they might be sent as privates in the contingent? If so, and the silence of tho Treasury Benches led him to think it was, ha did not think such a pro cedure was likely to instil that amount of con fidence in our iorces that would exist if the privates were not passed over in order to ir.'.l;e room for those officers. When the Govern ment decided to send a bodyguard with the Premier, they might havo belected niwi of better physique and more even in stature than Bouie of those who wero sent. It could not be said that the contingent was an 'awkward squad,' but judging by tha disparity in their huights they might bo classed aa ''the long and the short of it.' (Mr. Price — 'Littla men are good.') He was not linding fault with the little men, but when they sent home men ranging in height from 5 ft, 6 in. to 0 ft. tlie show was spoilt. He thought also that when the Government wero thinking of Bonding home the contingent — an act which ha looked upon as a tinful waste in the facn of tlia necessities of a number of our colonists— they miyht have considered aa application mado to them by some of their own wnployes for a sixpence per day increase of pay in consequence of tho high rate of living— a request which also had been refused. The surplus referred to in paragraph 5 was no doubt acceptable to the Treasurer, but a surplus buiit up as that had been meant that i expenditure had been postponed for a time, % and the people had really little to ^ congratulate themselves upon. Hs was pleased to notice that the State Bank was doing good work. A member in another place had spoken doubtfully of some of the securities hehi by the Bank, and said that those who previously held them had been only too glad to get rid of them. His experience was just the opposite of that. He knew of cases where the Bank had refused securities which were sound beyond a doubt — securities on which the owners desired an advance of £50, and where the properties if put on tho market would realizo £700 cr £800. In tho sales of leasehold lands, most of it with right of purchase, lately held by Mr. James Melrose, as much as from £60 to £110 was realized for the goodwill alone, and yet the farms were not nearly so good aa many of those upon which so much improvement had been made, costing hun dreds of ]-ouuds for clearing aud buildings, and the securities afforded by which had yet been refused by the State Bank. The Bank had placed these abttlers in a bad position, because when securities were refused the excuse was given to other money-lenders to ask higher interest on their advances than they would ordinarily get. Ho must commend the Com missioner of Crown Lands for what he had duno towards providing commonago for stock during the drought, but, after all, the Comiuissjiouer had done no more than his duty. A large number of pooplo who had suffered enormous losses were getting no relief what ever from the State. They had not been able to participate in the advantages of the Seed wheat Act nor in the benefits of the Stato Bank or the commanage. Numbers of thc~e men, who had lost nearly everything, had been clashed by the Treasurer in his pamphlet on tho 'Pastoral Industry' as 'pastoral blockers.' Lately he had seen reports from a number of them — and ho did not believe that 'all men are liara' — describing their con dition. He expected tho Government would say that those men had been assisted throueh the reduction of rents, but the fact was that the rents had been re duced because they wero previously too high, and the last t's-o or three specially bad seasons could have had nothing to do with the de creases', because it v.-ould be foolish to fix tho rent on tho busis of a bad season. Take two or three caies typical of hundreds in the North. A man who had 3,000 sheep, 12 cattle, and 5 horses a year azo. and had been cutting scrub for eight months past in the hope of saving S'lrae of tho stock, nov.' had 150 sheep alivo. Another who had 4.200 sheen and 20 horses a year ago, and had been cutting scrub, now had 150 sheep aud 3 horsed. In a third ease a man who had 25,000 sheep had failed to pre serve alive as many hundreds. And tba Government had done nothing to assist the.^o people. In New South Wales the drought had resulted in £175,000 being remitted in rents and reductions, and water from the trovermnent bores had been supplied free. He urged upon the Commissioner to do some thing for the people, who had as yet got :;o Lelp from tho State in the calamities that had befallen them. Paragraph 12 referred to private enterprise in mineral prospecting. He did not think the State gave all the encouragement to this work that ought to be i?iveu. Recently a Company formed in Eng land to develop mining in the Northern Terri tory sent out £20,000 worth of machinery, and the cost of despatching it 120 miles over the Government railway wa3 double that paid for sending it from England to Port Darwin. That was not encouraging to the work of mining in the Territory. Prospectors in the interior were often treated in a peculiar way. He knew of a number of proepectoR thirty-three miles from Hergott. During the summer they had to get meat from Hergott, and the charge for conveying a liva sheep thirty-three miles was 3s. 10d. If au dead carcass was carried tbe coat was 8d., but ! \ the men had to buy live sheep because the j a train only ran once a fortnight He had j ' brought thi3 master under the notice of the j J Traffic Manager months a^u, but bo nnal ; i decision had be^ri como to upon it. Another ! j prospector haa to remove two horses a short J t distance by railway and the charge was £o Las. s 10d. Had the horses been unshod the charge - wronld have been £1 4s. Id. (The Commia- ! sioner or Public Works — 'That rule always i applies, because shod horses destroy pro- i j perty.') In thia case tha two horses 1 1 between them only had four shoes, j ] To handle horses which were shod indicated i i ts once that there was less trouble to zha 1 department than to handle younjj hordes c unshod. As to paragraph 15 of the spee-jh. i he could not, understand tho object in not : ha^ins a fre?h assessment. (The Treasurer — i 'It will save a lot of money. ') Would it - present taxpayers having the ripht of appeal? It chat were the rvsult, then he agreed with Sir John Downer thas it was a very disin genuous way of doing the work. It the tax payers were notified thit the assessment was not to be made, but that they could have me right of appeal on the present assessment, tha stlnjof the thing- would be taken ouc, b-u if that were not done, people would ha uiiaicd, for he knew of a naraber of cvses where tax payers had been promised that they would have a reduction when the next assessment was bains made. He believed it was necessary co have law reform- Whether the Bill as in troduced last session would be a great benefit » a large number was a different question. JFnaS was wanted to-day was the cheapening or law. It mijjht be advantageous to remove some of the obstacles in tha way of allowing capable mea to qualify fur tha Liw, bus cheap law urns thd fir3t consideration. He did not know why lawyers should be placed in a different position to she tradesmen who Hupplied their customers with poods. If a tradesman supplied a bail article the cus tomer could demand the return of the money that was paid for it and the seller got his goods back. But if a lawyer supplied a. bad article in the shape of bad advice there was no redress. (Air. Uiynn — 'Get another Jury.'} There might be a lawyers' Liability Bill to make them responsible for their advice. 'Whilst social legislation was necessary, and &rery; maans should be taken to protect the Bealch of the people, is was equally necessary that Parliament should do something to create avenues for labour, because it was idle to point a man to beautiful sanitary conditions unless that man had seme work to do. Therefore they should have had in the rfpeech the men tion of mora Bills of the character that ?would bnn;j about that result. He did cot know whs: was meant by the proposed railway to the Queensland border. It was said there was nothing in a new name. It was evident that the Ministry were net of that opinion, or they would not hawa dropued the familiar term of the Kopperamasna line, and merely stated that the fine would be to tho Queensland border. Did it mean tha; all the work of the two Royal Commissions to decide upon the route was to be pa; oa on«si-le? There was no indica tion where ths lino would start from the present system. (Mr. JBurjjoyne — 'And ko part of Queensland is mentioned. u) Just so. He regretted something had not heen men tioned in the sp*jech with regard to the pastoral industry. It was due to this House that some reference was niado as to tho result of recent le^i-Iation. i'iul he been allowed to pat on the question that he tried to do in con nection with pastoral leaser, he would bs in a position to show that trie legislation with some amendments would ba ample. He wanted to know now miny of the lessees in Class 1 country h:id applied to come under the lerats of last ye?rs Act, and of the number who applied how masy the Surveyor-General had aporovc-J, because it was all now a matter of a-irainMfcration. If the people were not allowed to surrender and come trader tha; Act what was the good of it? Ee congratulated ilr. Foster upon his speech on the pastoral question. The hon. member had evidently reaiizi-il uoiv that what he (.Mr. Poyntcn) had said in the past was absolutely true, that he had not taken an extreme view, and that there was room fur doing something. He was surprised that there was no reference in the Governor's spee'.-h to a. Stock Routes BilL It was over two years sices ho was pro mised this. The Bill hod. been prepared for over two years, and the particulars wera in the Surveyer^Generai's office to-day for the pur pose of deiinin^ the stock routes out aide hundreds. Lac:, year it tr^3 decided that the Crown Lands Department should deal with the watt re fur stock purposes instead of the Public 'iVui-ks Department, -yet ta*we was no mantiun of th:s. (Mr Horaburjj — 'They have transferred it.') There was no mention of any intention to define the stock routes, TKhicii were in s. disgracctul condition. (Mr. Hoaiburjj — 'It is on paper. 'J Ltesse-ja in the back couatry wanted something more than on pap =r to satisfy them. If the hon. member were insuch a position and his neigh bour's stock ate all the feed and drank ail the water on tha stock routes, he would consider it a very serious question. Neither was there any reference to the settlement of the vermin question. It was not a r-asturali?: question only, because thero iras hardly aay pastoral settlement between Port Augusta and Streaky Bay, and even away down to franklin Har bour the dojj pesc was to be found, not in the pastoral country alone but in District Councils. Ha oad gone zo some trouSIe to g,»c on; -the details to impress upon han. members the necessity for doin; something mere than was being dsce now. He had taken Scares relating- to three District Councils, and h» wanted to show the relative areas of Government- lards, the curse to the settlers, and itm lands, that were oceurnad Take tha District Ouun-jil of Tort Lincoln, wi:h an are.i «_»£ 1,GL4 squire miles within hundreds. Out of t'uat there w3a-l(tu| square miles unoccupied, practically kept as a breed iag-ground for vermin. Then outside of hun dreds iu tbe same pistrics Council was 70! square miles, of which -410 aqnure miles was unoccupied, miking a tjtai of 516' square miles unoccupied. Any practical man woalti Bee how hopeless it -was for the lessee to try to keep down the vermin while such large areas were unoccupied and tho Govc.rair.ecE doin;r nothing'. In tha District Council of PUiLst-ju there were 55o a i uaru sii iJes unoccupied ouc of a total of 2,207 square miles, leaving- the settlers in much the sain* po,-i:iou iia those in the . Port Lincoln District. lu Franklin Lbrbour V-tbis covered uii area exi-:ndiiisj over 5 ^million acres, taking the three Councils ' tog-ether — thyy had the followiajr position: — Thd riundred of Gh'un contained 10u square miles, and o7 sq.uiie iiik-s. was unlet; the Hundred of Charlchtoa eoutaintd 100 square miles, 05 oc which was uniiit : the Hundred ---f ilcGregor li&i; sqsiare nii!t£. tith STuniet; the Hundred of C^rnpauna 100 square miles, with 63 unlet: the Hundred of Jlaat,-ala lot) square rsiles, and 24 i utiei; the Hundred of Miilalie 1CU square miles, and 27i unlet : the Hundred of Mmbne 100 Bquare niilas, and IS\ anlei: the Hundred of Warrta 14'~- square miles, and 1U-* square miles unltt ; the Hundred of Yad narie HX) square miles, aud 1«; unlet ; and the Hundred of Mann KO bi^iuce miles, and 7^ unlet. The Hundred of Hawlasr had 147 miles, and 9^ was unlet : tho Hundred of Fiayfard 75 jujuare miles, with half square mile uniet : the Hundred of Wlitsra. 67 square miles and G7 square mi lea ualec; the Hundred of Boochby 113 su'inre miles and 4C unlet; the Hundred of iiutler 114 equare miles aud SS unlat. In the Dia trist Ccuimil of Franklin Harbour there was 3.657 square mile^, ana of this 2.353 square miles vras not let. The Government should make every esfort to settle their own iawiis before thev started so repurchase f r- th la^^a. Here was an area o£ 5,510.3 K* sq:iure diles. Out of that there were 2,lS5.HiU acres that were not let. T lw feii^t; wlik-ii hs suggesteii ought to be eoHsirucu-J at oucu. bL-c.iUio the drou^hi bid killei the rabbits in millions, and if the matter were taken in hand now it would involve very mach Sets exj sense than would be involved if the rodent? were allowed to breed up again. Unfuna^ately the drought iiad not killed the doss, v.-iii-.--e ravages uuv would be worse than they -.vero previou-ly. At a recent very representative meeting, hold at Franklin Harbour, tha !es-«»;ts wliil^s complaininpr bitterly of tha inaction of the Government had expressed their willingness to permit of a rate beis^ made over the -vb.uh* of their lands in order to try and cope with this vL- nnin diffi culty. Unfortunately is was not a question that the small man could deal with, and the fencing o£ individual holdings meant multi plying very L-onsiderably the co*: within that araa. jilr. iliiler — ''Where do you propose to take tho fctri:*') Vrma 'the North Eastern buus'Inry of the dLstrics of Franklin Ilarixmr to the nor: a- western boun dary of the district of Ellibtcn. (Mr. iltller— 'Why no= gi- thro=;rh to JTowlers Bay?'} They would g*:t up thcra in time. (Mr. MiGer — 'There arc ^ettiers all tha iva.y.~y If the hon. nitimljer uJukt-t at thtr plan he would see that :he whole of v. hit he su^gtsred could be carried out in ssttion.*1. He would impress npon the H-juse ti::it tvery bit of this land was let at one time, and if thi- fc-noe he suggested were erected, th-j result ivuuid he that iu a very short time the wh«.»I«r of thLi unoceupieti country would Iw ict n-^asn. A fence such as he proposed wguI'1 i.-s mim fcrmidable for anything tu pet t.-. i-r. It would stand 5 ft. dear. The first I- ft., iuel^din^ 6 in. which would be buried in the ground, would carry wire-nettinc with li-in. niusb, wiiich would be rabbit-proof, fhi'sv the m-xt 2 it. would be covered with nettinjr of -J-in. nie=h. which would ra3k»i ?: dog-pniof. J-Irocted oa iron standards this sVnctf would -cost SGQ per mile, or a:,uuc £10,000. A rate of oae»-jif;htli of a peisny p;r r«:re, or 6s. Sd- per mile, would return a. revenue of £2,766 per year. The repayment by instal ments on the twenty years' term, which was the recognised pr;nc;r-Ie now. and interest oa she money, would mean £3'-J. T'aus there would be'£l.S6fi ivailabk- :tan'^i!ly for ths destruction of vermin within that area. This ?wonld u'-.-au that ai the G uverumcat r&te; of 5=. per BC=!p they would bs aj-e to pay for the destruction of 7.'li-l dogs yearly. lie tVlt so strooidy upon :hi= question that his support -f the Governmant almost depended upon ?hetlier they were goiu? to deal with it in a tatesm&ulike; way. Some people might say 'This matter is purely Fiindors.' (Mr. lomburg — 'Part of it.') Yes, unfortunately, t was part of it, aud unfortunately it was )art of South Australia. Tho question, how iver, was one for South Australia and not or Flinders at ail. If members were :onteut to let things 'drift'' liiey were uo; it to be there. 1 He Government ought to ecognise their responsibility and pay their -roportion of tho cost- of destroying these 'ennin. At the rate of orie-eijhth of a penny j -er acre the cost o; this work to the (Jovern neut would L'l* ijl, I'.:* i:^-. -11., while the esSL'es within V.is arv.-a iie ua i imlicated would :on:ribu:-3 £i,i;2;7^. lid. n~;is it not hcttvi or the Governruenc ro expand this amount md secure th-j.Ot-cupation or these lands than o continue the present p-jlicv of drill'; From j -ne point which ho hid marked on the plan i hoy ooulJ coiinec: with tho i'an-Jui'ra district -y frecti^ij a fence forty miles lornr which vould enclosa 700,01)0 acres. If that wers lone nine-tenths o: that area would be -ccupicd lusida of twelve mouths- 'iae rate i iced only be about one-sixteenth of a penny i -eracre,and th.; (i-jverauientouiiht toreso^nise i .heir respor.iii)ilitic3 a-ad pay their share . -f it. Li thev h.v.i done that a vast area ! -f unoccupic.i Jand would have hten j et to-day.' Ha tiioupht the lerfsees were ! [uite wiiiin? tu contnbnrc their share of , ho rate. in one case & lessee who had j 3,000 acres «r.a:o^d with a do^-proof fence 7aa prepared even to pay a rate upon that. jecause the do^s 'urrof'dinsr him were acon inual menace. The justice of tha principle le was contendine forbad besn recognised in: Sew South Wai us. There leyLslatiou had j )oen introduced jwovidinp for the ruling of | jublic lands capauie of carrying ona tshecp for j en acres on th-» same bs^is as land tnat w;w j eased. The liill also provided that it should j -e the duty o: the Minister to suppress and ! lestroy ail rabbits which miijht from time to ? ;ime be upon the public lands. Another pro ;ision was to the etfect that where a rabbit- 1 jroof fence formed the common boundary i ence between private and public land.--. ! ;ho Government snould pay half tho coat of j ;hat fence. That was the pa^itioa which : mghfc to be taken up here. He ielt very strongly on this question, but if nembera went into the district he had referred », and saw nearly the whole of the Peninsula i inoccupied, and the vermiu driving out the ? ?mailer men on the fringe, they would come ' '?o the same conclusion aa he had, viz., that j iomething- muss be done, and that a3 quickly | is possible. { ilr. LtAXDYSIDE congratulated the nover and seconder of the Address in reply upon their spaeches, though he could not 'see that there was very much honour attached to the performance of that duty. £t was the custom of .Ministers to ask rounjr members of tho House to undertake chat duty, because they considered that it bound these momhers to support them during the session. There was very little in the Uk-vernorrs Speech, and what was in it was not very understandable, and it would have been much better if the Government had got one of their ablest exponents to have moved the adoption of cue Address in reply. Ho wished it that st.i^u to make a brief reference to his late colleague, J-Ir. Ash. Many members iniss»xl him from his accustomed seat. He was always a grad colleague, and they had worked very wall together, and every one would a^ree that tho lite Mr. Ash was one of the hardest workers and most industrious members of the House. Ha had been very pleased in this con nection to listen to the remarks which had fallen from Mr. Price. No doubt in his criti cism Mr. Ash was very severe, aud many felt the sting of it, but ali recognised that when ha considered it was his' duty to do so, he had stood up and expressed hi3 opinions courapre ously. Coming to the Governor's speech he noted that members wero congratu lated on having a surplus ot revenue above expenditure for the financial year. The reason assigned for this was that ** the year' which has juai basn passed through had been a most disastrous one, both for the agricul tural and the pastoral interest.1' Any one who knew anything about how money matters were in years of that sort knew that it was tha succeeding year when the disaster was most keenly felt. It was nut necessary, there fore, to compliment ths Government on the surplus for this year. It must hn plain to every one that we had a large Customs return last 'year, and that tho people who had suf fered from drought would be short of money to purchase with next year, and further that the importers would nut require to import the quantity of goods at tho cud of the present year that they imported as ths end of last year. He had no doubt that there would be a deficiency of income to our population of nearly three-quarters of a million sterling. Tiie lo^-s of stock would probably amount to £500,000, and the agricuituri.ss would most likely have lost £250,000. Surely on the face of that something oupht to have been done to make up for this certain loss of revenue. The only matter as to taxation or revenue which the Treasurer had ref erred to was that of the land tax. The speech said that they would be asked to continue the present assess ment for three years, i c had not many objections to that. He did not go with other members who said that there would be a great diilerwiee in the assessment. He did not thiuk that land had fallen so much in value. There was no doubt that if they went to the North after tho drought the laud would look worse than it was a year or two ago, but after the rain1- it would be better. The land had not deteriorated from what it previously was. Ths Speech said nothiiisr as to what was to be done with the income tax. -To duubt it was tuc intention of the Go', errimwit to let it fali bairk t=) tho original plan of taring from iS»0. That wouid make a difference of about £*'_'i},C-'.i0 a year to the revenue. Seeing that they had only had a fair year, and that tho surplus would be only a few thousands, it looked very had for the revenue for 1837-38. He hoc-eii' soon to hear the Treasurer adJress' the House on the Speech. It was usual for one Minister to reply, and give some in formation as to how he intended to make tho ineouie meet tho expenditure in each year. The State Bank had done a great deal of £ood, but ho must deny that it had had anything to do with the lowering of the rate on interest. Larjre sums of money were lent r.t I per cent, before the State Jjank Bill waa passed. They were told that tho State Dank La-:i mode a litt-u profit over its es pensirf. They knew that that was caused by th'i .filing of ita debentures. Those deben tures they sold at ^s. tid. per ceut.. and he supposed that- others were sold at. rr.tos higher tliau that. It von!'! require a much larger incfiut; than it had at present, as they had only a racrgiu cf 1 per cent, to work on. That would rtoi cover the working of the Bank. There was no provision in the Bank for losses. He had not the slightest doubt that the Trustees had gone intw tha thiug to the best of their knowledge with the hope of having no losses. Mistakes were made and losses ensued in every financial institution. The Savings Bank was as careful as auy of its funds, bus still they had made losses. They had a Reserve Yund, which had accumulated to a large amount, to make up for any losses. If a loss was made by the State Bank it had to be mada good by tho taxpayers. In the amending Act of last rear the Biuk had been placed in a worse pcaition than before in tha leading oE their money, as they cculu lend on leassw. Another difficulty was with regard to vineyards and orchards. Every one knew that if vineyards and orchards were neglected they were in a year or two practically valueless. Taking i; all round there must '0-2 a loss in the Stale Bank from the system they now had of lend ing. The system of lending money was very apt to make the people improvident, because tho=» who borrowed from the State Bank got the monuy tin lonar terms. They only thought of the interest; they had to pay, and if they had more income than was necessary to meet the expenditure they took no notice of it, and did not think to pay the principal. (Mr. Bur goyne— 'They are paying oil the principal ton.'} They might do that, but thev did not provide for a rainy day. He considered that any one borrowing from the Savings Bank was in a very much better position than one borrowing from the f?tate Bank. The Savings Bank perhaps did not lend so much money a* the State Bank on hind, but they gave the borrower the opportunity of paying the amount borrowed when he paid hLs in terest. Thereby if a farmer had a good harvest he vras enabled to pay off his money tnd save 4 per cent. That encouraged him to reduce the amount and put himself in a better position than oae borrowing from the State Bank. He was not aware of the way in which thtt Government intecded to bring iu thoir Bill for the purchase of large estates. The Treasurer totd them last year that it was not the intention of tba Government to purchase largo estates at all. because they saw the difficulty that the best of the land might be taken up and tha other left op their hands. It he was still of this same opinion he could not conceive of the kind of .BUI they were Koinij to bring iu. He knew some people with lar,;e estates who would be very glad to dis pose of the;n to the Government if they got a fair price for them. At the present time there was a property which was being surveyed for the purpose of being cut up into small farms for closer ?settlement. The sale would take place next Xovetnber, and the Govern ment mi^ht wait and see the result. There was nothing new in the public works, and the only change was the Queensland railway from Kopp^ramanna. He did not see auy chance for tho line bcinj; carried. Tho Queens land authorities had been striking out lines to their western borders and charging low rates. =.nd the people were perfccrlv satisfied with the accommod&tion; they now had. Their trade with Port Augusta was broken off altogether cow. Frosa the description piven by Mr. Poynton of the western coast of the colony he thought he mi^ht repeat it for the country lines between Herpott'and Queensland. They could expect very little from their nr;n terri tory as to carriage of goods or occupation of land, and it would be an absurdity to build lines to take the trado from Queensland for Soath Australian ports. He was rather unused at the proposal of the Govern tieut to build ' the railway to Vngaston en the betterment principle, rha Government had brought in a Bill to Irain tho South-East on tha betterment iystem, but they had let it drop. The esperi nent had been made in America and in jondon, and it had failed. By the botter uent principle he understood tnat tho paople vho ware near the railway lino wore to be axed more tha.n those who were further away. Chat might bs fair, but the person who was urthi:r away might receive more benefit, and n that case the taxation would be unfair. Jcjinsj that tho Angaston railway had been jeforo th*j House for so many years, he sup posed tho principle had been introduced with :!ie intention of putting the ijag iu tho mouths )f the ropre-*ont:itivi.-«. Ho had not the slightest anticipations of anything coming ro;n tiio Governor's Speech. Ho did not :hinit the Government would get the support )f the House to carry oi:c the graving dock at Pore Adelaide. 1 loyal Commissions m Mel xjurnc :mil Sydney had declared that tho louks vrers of no u-e. The es-sca for Adelaide vou'.d occur c-o E-jMora that it would be j ibsurd to expect tha do.:k to bo icept in j -rder so as to bo rs'inly for any emer- j renc-y. The evitlenc-o given !-y the .hijKr.vners in Moloounie was tnr.t the iccot:iaiodati;iii and workmanship, '»nd every hiuir connected with the working of tho locks was such that even if they got tho work | -n the same terms they would not go to the tlelbaurne docks. Lie saw that it was the iu .ention of the Government not to open the I arm thi3 session. He supposed that was I jecause federation would take up bo much of he time of the House. He understood the Crea-iurer to .say thas there would !-e a surplus )f about £oO,nOb this year. It had happened iwice that large quantities of wh-*at had been wight over tiis border from Victoria bj the ?ail way to tha injury of our proivers. He was -ne who had urped' that there should be no lury upon whi^r, Uicriu-e South Australia, ?vas a wh^at-fxpjrtJiig co'intrj-. a:id it wmild nattnr very ii::! ?. A,iot':!-»r reason w:ts that i- th-jre wris a line from Snrvieeton to Kinc itoii i: woui'i urititcessariiy interfere v.ith the arriagi; of whoa: on that hue. The first year liter the tari:f was passed rive or six vessels ,vers loaded at Kincpitou with wheat princi lally from Victoria. But the next year the ?ailway authorities in Victoria raised the rates rora Drinbooia to Sorvicctcn tn such an estent :hat they could not carry their wheat to our jordcrs. Tha; had prone on for soms ye.ii's. ioniD 1,200,000 bushuli of wheat had Keen car ried over 01-r railways, which if there h:id bei-n b duty would haveyiel'-'ed an income of i.'7-,0!)O. | Mr. Duncan — 'At the expense of tiie coa iumer.') Tho consumer had benetited hy it. [f it had no: been brought in on o;:r railways we should have hail to bring it in by ship. It lad been s. li*ss to r.he producer, but not to the jonsumer. He did not see why the fanners should not have icy benefit there was to be rot from these seasons, but he was very glad they so seldom occurred. A duty ought to ho imposed on wheat coming across the Border, because our farmers, even' those in the South Bast, had to take a much lower price for their ivheat than they should fairly get. The millers in the South-East had to purchase jood v.'hsa5 to mix with the wheat grown there, and had to bring wheat over from Vic toria, thereby keeping the price lower than it should bo. Some might arguo that the im portation of wheat had dona ijood in giving aur producers cheap food and our railways some traffic. There was no doubt we had re ceived somu £32,000 by our railways through Mrryinjr that wheat. (Mr. Foster — ' If there iad been duty you would not have got it by railway.') Then they would have got the Customs. The net profit through the railway jarriajje of tho wheat was only £16,000', ivhereas the duty would have been £72,000, so that the country had lost £56.000 at least by the absence of a duty. Several members had referred to tho alienation of land, and one member had rejoiced that he had another con vert in the camp. That was Mr. Pcake, He could not sec where their argument came in that for the benefit of a certain class land should not be alienated from the Crown. In fact those men did not represent the views of their own class in this matter, or the class of people who took up land. Of the 47,000 acres of land taken up by blockers 41,000 acres were taken on right of purchase, and only 0,000 on perpetual lease. That showed that the blockers wanted to havo that land to call their own. He could not sou how members could wish to have that law altered and yet repre sent that class. It was much better to have the law as at present, and allow a choice between right of purchase and perpetual lease, ilr. Price himself when he arrived in this country wanted a piece of land to call his own, and, according to his own words, grumbled because he did not get enough. He had a craving like others for land. The parablo of tho pan who buried his talents in ths ground applied to Mr. Price. A good many men had come into this country with a great deal less than £170, and had made a lot of nionov afterwards. Tho hon. member had talents which would succaed any where, and had he listened to advice and not buried his money in land out at Mitcham he would have been to-day in a much better posi tion. Mr. SCHERK tendered hearty congratula tions to the Government on the honour con ferred on the Premier. It was an honour which the right hon. gentleman richly de served. Every member of tha House and everybody in the land would join in these con gratulations. When tha Right Hon. Dr. Kings ton returned to the House they would all just as heMtilypersonailytendertheircongratulations. He endorsed all that had been said by pre vious speakers in regard to the lamented death of the lato Mr. Ash', who had done such good work for his country. He also wished to refer to the death of one who had gone from them during the recess, and who was not a member of th© House. But he had been with them for many yoary. discharging his duties fearlessly and faithfully. He had taken most accurate and impartial reports of the proceed ings of the House, and every one regretted sincerely that he was 110 more amongst them. Ha referred to one who was a, personal friend of his and of all the* members-, the late Mr. PowfelL His nntimuly and spdden death they ail deeply deplored. Ho was immensely pleascd_ with the remarks made by Mr. Prire, ?who said ho had como to the conclusion that mea in this country who succeeded in accumu lating wealth da^erved all the honour and credit they got, and that tho memory of those who made good and proper use of their wealth, like tae late Sir Thomas Elder, would always be honoured. Besides tha late Sir Thomas Elder they had other men with them who had succeeded in this life, and who had done and would continue to do good to useful and charitable institutions. He had 110 doubt that if Sir Thomas Eider's attention had been drawn to such institutions as the School of Mines, the Trades Hall, and ether useful institutions he would have considered their.. During the recess a gentleman who was once a member of this House, and who went to tha other House — Mr. Duncan — gave a very large amount of money to an institution in North Adelaide, for which generous actiuu he de served the thanks of the whole colony. Than there were those who had madu money in the West — such as Messrs. Druce and JjooletJc and Tweedie — who had not been far behind in making good uso of their sjoriay by giving donations to the School of Mines aad other institutions, and for that those geutleiuuu deserved thuir be^t thanks. A man was a true friend who told his friends straight cut their faults to their face. He as an independent member would tell the Government exactly what he thought of their policy. He would support the bui.'dins uf the Angaston rail way. He believed the Government was sincere in their policy as to that railway. He agreed with the member for Baro^sa- th.it that district was the most important in the colony — next to East Adelaide. Such a railway would do great good, and more than pay its way. Ha would Srst see what was done with regard to the Glenulg Railway before he decided as to the Brighton Railway. If a satisfactory arrangement was made be tween the Glenelg Company and the Govern ment it would be a question whether a Brighton railway should be built. But if the Glenelgltailway was not sold he would .support a line to Brighton. There wa* a large amount of Grown lauds which did not brit:-j in a farthing to the Government. In times like these, when work was scarce, men who were willing to work should be sent to trench, fence, and prepare these lauds, which could then be cut up into blocks and let on lease. There would be any amount of applicatiocs for leases so long as the land was thus prepared Srst. Many could not take the land unprepared, as they had not the necessary capital to clear it for themselves. He would support the build ing of an Art Gallery in the city. It was necessary. Ha was surprised tho Govern ment had neglected to say anything about the urojected new railway station which the Railways Commissioner's report had shown to Le desirable. He had succeeded in carrying a motion in tha House in favour of tho removal of the Desti tute Asylum, but the Government bad taken nonoticsof it. Thesjteof thoyrfcsent Asylum, between Government Houae nnd the Miisemu, would be an excellent place for the proposed Art Gallery. More miw-hi and o:i_rht to be done in tho direction of water CfUicrvation. Many times he had directed ar;i.';ition to the grievance of a number --f Civil servants in re gard to low sa'arie?, but ilic Government had not grappled with the question. Some public servants, who had douu their duty faiihfullv asd well, were gettinsr ihu same low t-mp? of pay that thev reccivi-d lifreeu and even tv/enty years iro, i^d ths just claims o; these mcii ought to \ht cu-Wored. He ;nu-.: i\:-'7 to a row Govormii'Mit appointments niaue '.iurit^ ti:o re;:-_'-.:. O.'l'.'.'St-S Madlviy's- ap'';iut::i':!t, made, he believed, before lass session ck^cvl, had tr'.t-'i full satisfaction. Ha wished ri_- icarn from tho Treasurer whether the Con: mi-sjo::er of Taxe= had l-.*rii instruc^-d to proceed a« he vra.- doirig in tis-» c'.~iuc:- o; iiis dt^parcmii.t. Tiierc was such a thine: as iioin, over-zealous, ar. J it was questionable whether tha pres»m CotaiiiL-^ioner of Taxes h:id no overdone his duty. Very few complarf' had been heard regarding the methods adc^.^ he ex-Commissioner, Mr. J. G. Russell, and lis deputy, Mr. Spiller; but latterly all sorts -f inq^uisitoruil — lie might even say absurd — juestions were sent to hundreds of taxpayers. Je did not believe it was ever the intention of Parliament that such a course should be aken. One of the arguments he had used igainst the property tax was tha; it was coo .nquisitorial in its character, but the questions :hat had been sent out from tho Taxation De partment were much more inquisitorial than ;ho.-w needed for a property tax. One question ately asked was — 'How is it that the interest )u your income this year is so much less than n previous years?' That betrayed ignorance ffhich a school hoy would hardly be guilty of, !or it was r. matter of common knowledge that :h(? rates of interest had fallen, and the difii 'ilty of rinding good investments was in :reasin£. Tho position of the Commissioner ii Taxes was a ditiicult one, no doubt, but ho :ould always ask for the production of books Hid voucher?, and experience proved that very :ew people sought toe v:u!o the payment of just lues uik!'.t the Land and Income Tax Aft. It ivas ple.i--.-int to know that our mining industry ?vaa reviving, and that rich cold sjiecitucua, as food as any that had coaio from cither of the jthor colonies, had been sent to the Crown Lands Dcparttaaut from tho 'vlacDounell aud ,hp r'lind'-rs Ranges. Tho Commissioner of Jrown Lnnds had authorized him, too, toinen :ii»n that in ull probability sokio rich eopuer hnooveries would also be madeintheFar North, tiegavo the Government credit for doing all ;!iat ought to be done for the mining iuduatry. l'h-jy had sent out fifty prospectors, and next week another 100 men would be dispatched. tie wished they could offer them a little lijjher wa?e, but a little was batter than lothing. 'The Government were to be con jfatulated on tho great success of the last ?ia.i, which clearly evidenced that the British investors and our own moneyed men had con iiduscc in ths stability and the resources of tho province. (Mr Caldwell — ' It showed that they wished to do us a good turn at juhnee time.') Oh, the hon. member's pessi r.iistic spoijch the ether day had nearly made (lira sick. He feared that the hon. memhar iid not always mean what ho said. (The Minister of Education — ' A very mild view of it.') A lot had been said about the labour tnembors Liilectiug thu credit of the colony .will preventing the investment of capital. During the past year, so far as he could ascer tain, it wjs difficult to give the proper figures. A -.'reat. lii- al more than a million pounds ster ii:ig had beon spent in the District of East Adi-'laide, *-\'hich he represented, m the erec ci-ji: of buildings. There were the large building i ? Greafell-street, erected for Mr. tirookman, the O.B.I, building in Wake dt-l'.i-ftreet, and at least 300 new houses, all i-i'it up within the district during the past year. No doubt the Land Values Assessment Act had something to do with this, and if Mr. LSrooker's proposal dealing with the Act were tarried there would Boon be very few vacant blocks of land in the city and suburbs. He was strongly ia favour of establishing a satisfactory Police Superannuation Bill, but if ths Government brought in a Bill like tint of !x=t session ha must oppose it. When the Estimates were passed lr.st year a certain amount was approved of for providing more police protection for the city. The amount would have sufficed, he believed, to pay for fourteen more constables, which would bring up the number to that of former times. But no more men had been put on, tho reason pro bably bain;: that the Treasurer wanted to save the extra expense for the half-year. Hs would like to know when effect would be given to the will of Parliament in tho matter. Sir John Downer the other day re ferred to him as ona of those whom tho Government desired to keep a little warm, and alluded to him in con nection with the Steam Boilers BilL Tha hon. gentleman blamed the Govern ment for having left this measure out of their policy. They had instead put in one fora graving dock to keep another hon. member warm for a few years. He himself succeeded with the Bill that he introduced further than any other hon. member; he got it past its second reading into Committee, and it was greatly through the action of tbe then .Leader of the Opposition that he could not proceed further with it. Sir Joun Downer opposed the Bill that ho introduced, but aa soou as he got into power the hon. gentleman included tbe mea&uro; in his policy. Where did tho con sisteucy come in? Ho believed that the Government were honest in their proposal to construct a graving dock, and he would support it as heretofore. He would speak on federation at the proper time. The House and the country were uuder great obligation to Mr. Foster for going to tho Far Hsorth during recess, at much personal inconvenience and trouble, to ascertain the country suitable for the farmers to send their Etock to. and ho was exceedingly pleased that a large number of farmers had availed them selves of the hon. member's enquiries. Ko Government could have done more than the present Government did during recess for the producers and farmers who were in such sad distress owing to the'disastrous season! He hoped that the Government would not lose sight of the necessity for giving greater sup port to the new defence forco. He witnessed the review of the troops on Monday, anc! was struck with admiration at what had been accomplished during the short time the forco had been in existence, and he believed every one who saw the demonstration on Monday was of the same opinion. lie should continue to give an independent vote on measures men tioned in the Governors Speech. Mr. DUNCAN did not know that he would have spoken on tho Address in reply had it not been for the absence in His Excellency's speech of any reference to one of our most if not the must important industry in South Australia. He referred to tho pastoral. He asked hon. members who had not heard it to read carefully the very excel Sent and tell ing speech of Mr. Foster. That was one of tho b-jst he had heard or read 011 this subject. Ho felt sure that every hon. member who knew anything as all about pastoral matters would aijre*j with him in his opinions. His only regret was that the hon. member was not* in the same frame of mind last sessiou when the Pastoral Bill was before the Koifco. It was just the knowledga which that hon. member had acquired which was so sorely needed to bear upon this question. He did not wish to accuse hon. members of wil fully ignoring tho needs of the pas toralists, but it was wonderful the want of knowledge shown by soina about such a very important industry as the wool- producing industry had provexl itself to be during the history of our colony. The terrible drought through which wo had just passed was only a name to some hon. members, tho reason being that thoy wero acquainted only with country well inside Goydur's rainfall line. A great many people, and he was afraid some hon. members, seemed to think that squatting our side, say District Councils, vras the same as it was in years gone by on auch properties as Rutirlaleer, Bunjrarce, Hill River, and Gum Cveuk, or other properties in similar situa tion.-, but such was not the case. Tho rainfall was one-fourth or one-tifth of what it was insido Goyder's rainfall line. Hence the herbage was very different, and not always to be hid. The price of wool had fallen over 50 per cent, from what it was a fev7 years ago. and besides the increase and damage done by wild dogs the rabbits had destroyed all the bush and herbage which at 0116 time tha sheep could fall back upon iu case of dry seasons or drought. In this con nection he would read an extract from The Ade laide Observer of September i!G last: — 'The necessity for subdivision and water conserva tion has been forced on tha pastcralists, from the fact that large bodies of sheep in a puddock eat ouc the salt aud other bushes and shrubs round the water to such an extent that in bad seasons weak sheep cannot reach the feed, and in a bad or late season the ewes ainnoX rear lambs, and the Iobs:;s arising from this causenecesri tatesfurther development or ruiu.' Squatters 23 a rule could not go in for that extnv subdivision of paddocks, or that extra water conservation, without having a fixity of tenure and longer leases, and this was tho needful thing if we wished to save tho squat ting industry in South Australia. It was I beginning to bo admitted on ail sides that the I farmers had gone out far enough already, and ! in some cases too far to bs of any benefit to : th»ir.selves or to the colony. Therefor* let Parliament be liberal to tho pastoral industry and just boforo it was too late. Mr. McPhen=on said ho did not know what the pastoralista wanted. What they wanted i were — First, fixity of tenure and longer leases ; I secondly, reasonable covenants in their leases : j thirdly, payment for improvements on their I value, hot by the State, 6ut by the incoming tenants, on similar terms as between landlord and cenant. (Commissioner of Crown Lands — ?'All provided for in the Act of 1S!X-.') That was no good ; and fourthly', they wanted these t^rms to bo applicable to all pastoral country not suitable far subdivision into small blocks. Hon. members might think that this industry was a very personal matter to him. He admitted that it was, but it was not purely personal, because when thero were pood season3 and things were going1 well with the =quftt:er and farmer the whole community 1 benefited directly or indirectly. For bcrni! reason the pocr sheep and hid owner wera not in favenr in South Australia. Lie never could make out why, for although tho 'staff of life'1 f.w a very neecful a::d exijollent thing, most folks did not turn up their noses -t a, slice of I mut'ou to go alonfr with a, loaf of bread. Iso -iout-* silk.- and satir.j could be done without, bat blankets a:v: toa'.s were necessary alike to rich anci poor both for comfort and decency : so there was 100:11 for both squatters and farmer* in South Australia without detriment to eiih'j-r. bat do tv '-t 1st them damn oue inte ri-st '.virlictit beiieating the other. With iiJ^ral laws there was no roapon why they siiovild not both grow and riourifch instead 01' ?.!?*?: r.iliu;: and dyinir, as there seemed every* n!:i:iiJ:o--'.i uf the:r dchiLj at present. Looking: it those two industries in the way he did he should be found voting for the repur c!;.i.-o scheme ii the Bill brought forward by tho Government met his views, as there ivas no doubt that sometHng must be dona to keep our rising population iu the colony. He joined with iir. Hague ;- the hopo that the Hcn—* 4 vould not make federation a party question t was far and away above and beyond party )olitic3 altogether. He firmly believed it nust and would come some day, and it would jo far better for us to join in fedora ion now, whilst we had a voice in he proposed Constitution, than to wait ill New South Wales and Victoria federate, nid for us to be forced to join them on their -wn terms. If only for that reason he hoped :o see federation become an accomplished fact, ind that it would be for the good of South Australia and for the benefit of Australasia is a whole. Mr. MOODY joined with other hou. nombers in lamenting the deatli of Mr. Gilien md Mr. Ash from amongst their membership, md of Sir Thomas Elder and Sir Henry Ayera. The first time he entered Parliament ?e fonnd Sir Henry Ayers was most kind and :onsidurate to him. Speaking en para jraph 2 and the loyal address to the .,}ueen, with regard to social progress, Mr. McPhersou referred to Ireland., But the fault of Ireland not having received justice lid not iie with the English people; it lay principally with the Irish psopie themselves. He was pleased with tho generr.l remarks of :he Leader of tho Opposition with regard to :he Premier's visit to England. He was gratified to notice that the Queen had con 'orred a distinguished honour upon the Premier, a distinction which would, he felt sure, ba approved by all South Aus sralians. The Premier would do credit ;o the colony iu England. Sir John Downer deserved credit for the moderate ;one of his speech, though he took exception to his remarks in reference to the recent Federal Convention. Tho Leader of the Opposition seemed inclined to blamo the Premier for one vote he had given against ill the other South Australian delegates. But aad he been a member of tho Convention he ivould have done exactly what the Premier iid. There would havo been no Commou wealth Bill to come before the House if Mr. Kingston had not voted as he did. With re gard to tha issue of 3 par cent, consolidated stock in England, he confessed he was sur prised at the flotation of the loan. He was not aware that it was to be undertaken at the time it was. Sir John Downer had protested that the loan could have been floated to bstter advantage nine months earlier. (Sir John Downer — 'I said that the Treasurer stated he could have got something over par.') He did not think tbe Treasurer could have done so. Moaey was as cheap now 4' as it was nine months a.50. Mr. Grr.incjer about twelve months since had stated chat wo were down to bedrock, that the pendulum was swaying, aud that we were ail going to turn to gambling. Coining to the question of the State Bauk~ he was pleased to notice that members generally were now in favour of the institution despite the adverse criticisms which had been passed upon it. He believed, however, that the Trustees of the Batik had been rather over-cautious iu their transactions. Last session when there was an amendiug Bill before the House empowering the Trustees to make advances upon leasehold lands Mr. Copley had stonewalled the measure most persistently. Tho same gentleman had tried his best to kill the Seed-wheat Bill. (Mr. Copley —'Kill what*') The Seed-wheat Bill. Mr. Copley — 'That is not true.'') The hou. member had said that ten years pre viously when there was a drought and farmers wanted seed wheat given to them thfire was not an acre left unsowed. (Mr. Copley — 'I didn't say that. Stick to the truth.') The hon. member had said it. It was in ''Hansard.' iMr. Copley — 'Find it.'} When he was speaking Mr. Copley had said there was not an acre left nnsowed, whilst he himself knew there wero thousands of acres. (Mr. Burgoyne — ' It only showed his limited knowledge.') With reference to the recent conference of Ministers of Agriculture, he hoped that coed wouid result from it. Tht? couatry had had to pay dearly in tha past far Ministers' visits to India and New Zealand, and what good had resulted from some of these junketings it was ditlinuit to determine. How ever, these conferences were to be held annually, and he wuuid w&tcii; them very care fuliy, and hoped for good results. He com mended the action of the Government iu regard to the State Export Depiircin&nt.; He had understood the Minister of Education, in reply to a question that day, to say th Government were £300 to tho bad over th. Depot. (The Minister of Education — 'There are a loi of rabbits to that, and I have charged tho whole of the Manager's salary and all the oiiieers' expenses. I could have brought ii out much raoro favourably.') Wo had to compete with tiie markets of the world, and we needed to get markets for our produce. One country that was likely to be of great value to us in thia connection was Argen tina. It must be the aim of any Government to put our produce on the markets of the world ?.t the cheapest rates and in the best order possible. In this respect the Govern ment deserved all credit for their actions iu the past Speaking the other day in reference to paragraph 6, Sir John Downer had said: — ' They had not to consider any financiers, or whether there was some section of tho people here, or a Savings Brink with which the more or less prosperous class of the community wa. connected, to whom it would be very useful it they gave a larger rate of interest.' Further on he said, ' The sooner they got out of the notion of considering local financiers thebetter.' Contrast that with the expressions given utterance to in 1870, when the Hon. W. Cavenagh, on a no-confidence motion moved by the late Sir It. D. Ross, was reported in 'Hansard' to have said: — 'Tho people in England would know that we must pet the money, aud instead of getting JL'SS for our bonds wo should very likely ^ot only £78. There was another question with regard to the Associated Banks that ho though: would lead to a very great evil. If wo wero to have the local Banks as a political institution ho would like to know where the memucta of the House would be. Was there a member who was not to a certain extent indebted to the Banks? (Hear, hear, and laughter. A Voice — 'There is.') If thero happened to be a crisis in the House on a question between the Banks and the Government, ho would like to know how members would vote. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) Men were but human; and if a man had a large overdraft at ilia Bank he would think twi-;e before he voted in a way that would not bo agreeable to thai, Bank.' (Mr. Solomon — 'No members have lan;e overdrafts.') lie was reading from the record of eighteen years ago. 'They wore told that tho Agent- General pledged the principals, and tha principals wore bound to carry it out. It appeared according to the showing of the Ministry that the pledge was given by tho Agent-General without their sanction, and tha Government sanctioned it afterwards. (Cries of 'No.') Hu would ba giiid if tho Treasurer would say whether that wero so or.not.' In reply, tho then Treasurer (Hon. C. Mann) had baid 'that tha telegram received from the Atjeut-Getwral was that the Bank had stipulated that there should beno further loanduring- 1S79. Hesaid in reply that ho strongly objected to such a pledge being given, bun that if all e)sa failed he was to give it.' What a pleasant state of things existed to-day in comparison with those times. Coming to paragraph 11 of tho Governor's speech having reference to agricultural t*ich iiij* in Staco Schools he might remark that thia vras also a proposal which Mr. Copley had opposed and spoken of in a most pessimistic way. (Mr. Solomon — ' It is the Governor's speech you are referring to.') The hon. member was scarcely awara that Mr. Coplov had attacked him and he would say that he did not wish to be interrupted by Mr. Solomon or to bo taught what he was to sp--ak. (Mr. Solomon — 'Don't get your hair off.'') That was a nice expression, too, for a statesman. (Mr. Shannon — 'He is not that yet.') In the District of Light the people would be satisfied if the parents who were able to do so paid for their children's instruction in this department ac the rate of sixpence weekly. Coming to clause 15 of the Governor's speech bo wished to reply to some suiteaients made by Sir John Downer. That gentleman, doubtless feeling annoyed by the ipterjtictionsof -some members, had said that land had been reduced in value. He claimed, however, that within sixty miles of Adelaide land instead of beirsg reduced in value had rather iucresstrd within the last three years. But the real question at issue in regard to this parag &ph; was whether the pro posal it contained would prove an expense or j a saving. As land generally was about tho same in valuo now jus it was three years ago, was it wise to go in for an expenditure of £3.000 or £1,000 for a new assessment? (Mr. Solomon — 'What about outside the sixty - mile radius?') He believed thev were going to improve. There mitrht be some parts which were reduced. If ho thought any injustice w.13 going to be done he wouid not allow it. (Mr. Homburjr — 'Yon say that the land in Hombunj and Lindlay haa not decreased?'') I; had more value to-day than it had three years aj-o. He was not spoakiug without book. Ho haii seen a fanner from Lindiey, aud ho told him on Monday that they had net had such a rain for seven years If that wa-* tho ease things vereg'iiriff to boom there. ( Mr. Solomon — 'The statement of ths value was made before the rain fell. '') Ho was speaking of sixty lailes, and hen. members sp-.ike of the Murray Flats, which were ueirly 1U0 miles. There was not much iu the Governor's Spsech. They had a ri«.;ht to__co:nply with tha request 'of Sir Thomas r.!i;er. He did not think the Govern ment ha-? any cuanoj of pacing tha Law Reform Bill this session in the absence of the Attorney - Gencial. He had net the least objection to an Early-closing Bill for Adelaide and suburbs, but he objected to any eariv closing for tho country districts. Thsr had their hali-hoiiday in each we-ik. Paragraph 18 dealt with laws relating- to public health. He did not profess to know much alotit that, but if the injustices which Mr. MaPhersan had spoken of were facts, then the matter deserved their consideration. The re purchase of land was a big subject, and it wanted to be fairly thought out. The question was — Wouid the Government buy all tbe estates? It would not d^ to pick out the best parts. (Mr. Goodo — 'It is voluntary.') He understood that it was comDulsory in New Z— Hnd, and they * * maka it ooaipuljory n tho colony. They had to deal out even tanded justice. The position was that ettlement had scone too far out. They vere bound to keep the people, and they must indeavour to have closer settlement, and here was no help but to buy land with a better ainfall. As to the protection of young women, le thought our young men wanted protection klso. The Government proposed a railway to :he Queensland Border, and also a railway to Angaston on the betterment principle. He hd not intend to go into that subject, as he vas not au authority. As far as he under itood it the case was as follows: — do had a railway running through his property, and he would far rattier have it three nile3 away. Some of hi3 fences bad been purned away, and there was uoc only tho risk Torn lire but there was the subdivision of the paddocks. A station on a person's property ivould rather take away from the value than uid to it. He wanted to know where the jetterment principle came in. As to the A-ngaston Railway, there had beon a petition signed by 500 names sent in against it. There ivas not the ghost of a show of tho Queensland ttailway being carried. If in place of the ino from Hergott to Oodnadatta they had jone to the Queensland Border it would have jeen inoro satisfactory. Paragraph '24 was perhaps one of the most important in the Speech. That was water conservation. Re rerting back to the railways, he understood Mr. Caldwell to say — 'If ic were not for the southern lines we would have to take a very second place as a colony. He believed that the southern lines wore being run at a loss every year. (Mr. Butler — 'No; they ire paying about 1 per cent.' He was pleased to hear it. There ought to be one person at the head of the Water Conservation Department, and the Enginer-in-Chief relieved of all responsibility. He regretted that the late Hydraulic Engineer was not kept in tha colony. He was aa ex pensive man, but he believed that they would nave saved thousands of pounds and had works going on where they had none to-day. Some people who knew mora than he did said that Port Adelaide was not the place for a graving dock. Paragraph 25 referred to con stitutional reform, but ho was against it. He would approve of the colony being divided into six districts for the Legislative Council, aud elections every three years, so that the members would beinonly six years instead of nine. There =hould be fewer members in both Houses. Supposing federation came about, would they require so many? He would approve of reform iu that way. The last paragraph was an important one — 'Every endeavour will still be made to tide over the period until harvest.' Speaking of the farmers he knew that every laniency was being shown to them, and the Government had dealt fairly with them. He trusted that they would have a good harvest .ir-*r all. He wanted to say a word or two .vith regard to Mr. Copley. He had attacked him a3 he had never teen attacked In the House. Mr. Copley had stated that he had said — 'I must vote with the Government to keep them in power and to ignore the constitutional matter.' What did that mean? That he ivould do an unprincipled thing, iie had looked up 'Hansard,' and found on Mr. Copley's motion for suspension of the Stand ing Orders ho was reported to have said — ' If Mr. Copley meant his motion as a noconn dance motion he would have to vote against it.' iVaa there anything unconstitutional in that? On the occasion referred to did not Mr. Copley take an unfair advantage of his colleague, Mr. Shannon? Ho was a young man, but blood was thicker than water. Mr. Copley had said of the Treasurer—' He displayed his eal-like propensities for wriggling around na3ty sharp comers.' He applied that remark to Mr. Copley. He took advantage of his col league's confidence on the occasion referred to, navergave Mr. Shannon one hint what he was ;oing to do in tho matter, although Mr. Shan non told him that he was going to take action. ,\Ir. Copley generally found a red rag when ever he got up. That gentleman with strong views, goin «j on individualistic lines, did not mind, although he mipht not be awaro of preaching a little socialistic sermon now and again— he was great on 'tics,' &c.;, aud talked of not sacrificing hia political prin ciples. This was thu heavon-born states ;nan who, as mediator, if he only had ?i;id his way, would have settled the Hospital trouble ia one act. All be wanted — and he said it quite blandly — would be ro soo tho Labour members (those socialistic fellows) vote on the same side so as to do some good for the country. He had asked the Commissioner of Crown Lands twelve months ago if he intended to :-riug in a consolidating measure. Tho Com missioner said he would if the business of the House allowed. He asked him tnrough the session and got the same answer. Ho had asked him that day, and now it could not be brought in on account of the break in the ?session. When the Pastoral Bill was beforo the House last year he was all at sea, as there were so many Acts. They had not had a consolidating Act for ten years. If ho went to tho hon. member for North Adelaide and asked him about the land laws he would probably take a day or two to reply. They should not b.' in thao position. Mr. GILES said tho Government were to be congratulated on the tone of the debate. Cer caiuly judging from the last of tho speeches they need have no fear of losing their seats. They had one prominent member of the Inde pendent Country Party attacking one of tho leaders of tho Opposition. The Labour Party and the Independent Party would support them, and they would l-e able to carry anything they wished. There was not very much in the Speech. Ha agreed with Sir J. Downer that thero were two or threo important things in it, but the rest of it had bwsn hashed up to suit different districts and their members. He had heard a good many of these speeches; all of tham more or less alike ; aud this was no exception. There were in it many thinirs which the Trea surer aud every ineinber of the Government knew perfectly well when they pat them in they had not tho slightest- chance of carrying. He suggested that in tho future soa~e of these motions should be left out. Tiie debate had one advantage in that it let the Government know what measures they had a. chance of carrying aad what they had better keep back because they had no chance of carrying them, and in that way time would ba saved. Of the twenty-seven different motions proposed in the Speech, the House would only have time to deal with three or four. Ho believed tho Government was sincere in wishing to push on tho Federation Bill. Ha hoped they would do so as quickly as possible, because that was the chief work they had to do. There might very well be some amendments in the Draft Constitution, as far es South Australia was concerned, but it was so important for South Australia to carry the Bill that bo would co for it as it was rather than seo it lost. The draft Bill on the whole was very fair. There was bound to be compromises. They could not have everything at once; they were getting in the thin end of tho wedge, and that was the most important thing for South Australia. Let them pet as much as they could, and get a Federal Government. When they did that they would have a strong Government, which, being federal, would have more or less of a federal spirit, and would help all it could to get all tho colonies fede rated. That federal spirit would grow until th^v got all they wanted. For instance, once there was a Federal Government there would b-? a much better chance of settling tho Kiver Murray troubles. The' SPEAKER— I must ask the hon. member not to discuss the question. Mr. GILES wouid not do so. Ho would not have spciketi at all but for what had btjen said as to the values of land. As one who had had a great deal to do with land in different parts of the colony his experience mipht be of some value to mem bers. Bo:h ?iies of the question were no doubt true, in parts of tbe colony tbe value of 'and had increased ; in others it had de creased, in districts where they were fa von red' last year with rain there wre good crops, and the land naturally increased in value through the very troubles of the outside country. In the district of Port Germein there wero good crops, and all through the dry com: try they had to purchase those crops at high prices. That naturally increased tha value of land all round tha: district. But the value of land in tha drier districts where they had no crops fell in value. When tha Treasurer was good enough to hint that tho Government intended to propose not to make the triennial assess ment this year he thought it a good i-it-a, because it would save £3,000, but when he looked into it the injustice of it struck him, and he saw a very preat wrong would be done to those people who had already suffered severely by the dry seasons. He knew of lands in dry districts which had decreased immensely in value, because tho people there wher ever they could wero trying to pur chase laud further south. That, of emirs*, made the land down south more valuable. Mr. Butler's district of Yatala was one of the favoured ones which had benefited by the trouble in the outside country. That district should pay more for the land tax than it now did. But the northern districts should havo to pay less. Nothing could affect what tha people had found out, and they had found out that larjpa areas of this country suffered from drought. If Mr. Bntler made enquiries he would find that the State Bank would not lend money so readily on land in those, dry areas as they did on la- nd in such a district as Yatala. Were they to do an injustice to those people who had suffered so much already, simply for the sake of saving £5,000? Hu would stronply protest and vote against such a proceeding. (Mr. Rol-er ts — ' -Not 5 per cent, of the taxable land has pone down in value since the last assessment.') The principle was that they were doing a great injustice if they said to those whose land was valued at so much when seasons were good, but had fallen in value since, 'You f»hsll pay tho saina rates as before,' and said to those whose hind bad increased in value 'You need only pay the same rate as before.' He was most surprised to hear members most favourable to the present system uf assessment seeking to do this ?u justice, Nothing would kill the present lystem sooner than showing how unjust it svas. The law beiufr what it was they had no fight to do away with it without giving a right jf appeal. If the Government would give that tie had nothing more to say about it. But if they intended to do so, were they going to put up with the loss which they most suffer by not jetting an increased tax from tbe districts where land had risen in value? Ho objected to the Treasurer's sitting there and hearing all these objections and yet not letting the House know what the Government intended to do. He would not have spoken as he did if ho had known that the Government intended to act justly and fairly by the landowners. He askod the Commissioner of Crown Lands whether tho Government intended to continue their present systam with regard to lessees of Crown lands in perpetual lease in tho good areas — that was in the country inside Goyder's lino — or alter it? Thero was a number of these, lessees. Their rents fixed when land was ? valued beforo tho drought. Owing to the dry seasons they could not now pay tho rents, yet Government could not make reduc tions, because such redactions would be per petual also, and that would not be fair to tho community. The Government should cer tainly brimr in a short measure to allow these tenants of the Crown to Lave a reduction of rent for a short time. Tho moment they interfered with perpetual k.-^es and did away with tha revaluation th«*y made a great mistake, because had there been a revaluation every seven years the Land Board could have re duced rents if necessary when there were bad seasons, and increased them again when times improved. Whereas now their h»nds were tied, and they could not make reductions, even though a great many Ie?see3 could not pay their rentals. Some of the rentals were Is. per acre, and the lessees had not had a crop for two years. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands — 'Very few.') Well, there were plenty at 9d. and 6d. an acre. Any land lord who was worth dealing with recognised that in bad seasons ren tals must bo reduced. The Government should be in tho same position. Why should these lessees be in a worse posi tion than other holders of land? It was piti able if they could do nothing more for the pastoral question. Were they gohig to give up country to the dingo and do nothing? No one knew better than the Government that day by day and week by week these lands were being thrown back on their hands, and lessees going out. He would admit that there were many things in their pastoral laws that were very liberal, but they wero not carried out liberally. lie would read for the benefit of the Hous9 one of the very liberal things they did, which had not been carried out. It was in the Bill of 1893, which in one way was as liberal as they could ask for; but that one way had with ona or two exceptions never been given eifect to. Tho Houae fully in tended to be liberal when thov pawed the Pastoral Aot of 1893, of which fart VIII. read:— 'If the Commissioner is satisfied that any person (a.) has discovered any pastoral lands in Class C adapted for pastoral purposes' — he said at the time that there were very few lands to discover in Class C country ; it war. nearly all known — ' {b) has applied for a lease under this Act of land situated in Class A, B, or C. which, by reason of the presence of vermin thereon had beon previously abandoned or had remained unoccupied for more than two years, or of Jand destitute of natural water.' Such land as that abounded in couth Aus tralia. Did not the Commissioner of Crown Lands and other members know plenty of land that was valueless by reason of the pre sance of vermin? Tha whole of tho Crown Lands were infested with vermin, which were driving tiie pastoralists away altogether. And yet here was a liberal Act that was not taken advantage of. Tho clauses were so read that a lessee might apply over and over again for a reduotiou of rental and get nothing. (The Commissioner of Crown Lauds — 'That is not so.'') What were tho facts' Here wer-j the lessees askinsr for reductions. (The Commis sioner of Crown Lands — 'And they get them.') In nothing like the proportion indi cated by that Act. (Mr. Miiier— 'That did not refer to reductions.') The clause con eluded as follows: — 'The Governor may, not withstanding that the land applied for maj or may not have been declared open for leasing, grant to such person a lease under this Act of all or any portion of the land applied for at a peppercorn rental for the first five yeare and a; an annual rent of Is. per square oiile for the next five years, and '2s. Ud. per square mile for the residue of the term, but subject to revaluation as hereinafter pro vided.' (The Commissioner of Crown Lands — ' Apply for some- of that land, and you will come under tho Act.') The Government said that because such land was occupied, or had been occupied, they could not grant those terms. All the land really came under that clause. (Mr. Miller — ' What, not occu pied?') The Commissioner ought to be able to grant the saaie terms to tho present occu piers. The clause 'Jid not say that the land must be both veruiin-infe:;ted aud unoccupied, but the word 'or' was used, and yet it was interpreted as though the land must be thrown up before the concession could be made. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands —'You are misrepresenting what we have dono.) Then why wero tho people leaving the country and throwing the lands upon the hands of tho Government? It was because the vermin were increasing so fast that the occuoiers could not afford to keep the country at the present rental. Why wait until the lessees bad given up the lands before re ducing the rents to a minimum or erecting wira - netting? Ha had noticed the other day that a lesseo of Gawler Ranges country could not get the reduction he needed. (The Coniuiissioacr of Crown Lands — 'Who is he!') He did not feel called on to mention the name. (Tho Com missioner of Crown Lands — 'Kaduetiona were made to all of them, except one.') He was not blaming the present bo much as the past administration of tho Acts. See how lessees had had to pay for improvements which wero of little or uo value. (The Com missioner of Crown Lands — '' We have written them oif altogether in some instances.') . But what was the use of waiting until tho country was unoccupied, and then writing them down? It was reported that thu whole of the Flinders Range couijtry'would soon bo thrown up. Un doubtedly something should be done speedily1. Eiiher a mom liberal reading should be given to existing Acts, or the Cammiiaioner should havo fresh power to so act as to prevent the abandonment of couatry. The Commis sioner of Crown Lands — 'Tho Acts ana ad ministered as iibsrally as possible.') Ho did not, think so, because ho knew of cases where lessees would vermin-proof fence thu country if they had the concessions asked for. (Tho Commiasioner of Crown Lands — 'The Act was only passed in lS'JL') What could be more liberal than the Act of 1S1/3? The fact was the Government were much more liberal to incoming new lessees than to the old lessees. Why that should be so he did not know. Ono would think that tho meu who had fought against difficulties in the country ought iirst to be considered. The trouble really arose through the outside unoccupied Crown lands, where the dogs were increasing every day. There would soon be no pas.toralists west of Port Augusta unless something was done. He had long advocated running a railway south from Pors Augusta to the West Coast. The sooner the Government made that one of their works to be carried on durinir bad times the better for the colony. All that southern country was* infested with rabtiits and wild dogs. The rabbits had lately been dying from the drought, and the wild dogs had left those huut inc-grounds for the Gawler Ranges, where thiy were decimating; the sheep. Mr. Craw fora had had to shepherd his flocks there, and the sheep would not live shepherded in that poor country, to it meant ruin, and tho whole fault was due to the dogs leaving the unoccu pied country adjoining. Time after time Mr. Crawford had appliod in vain for reductions of rent, and now the Bank that had helped him said it could cr:ve him no mora assistance, and so he ^oes out without a penny. The country should be wire-netted, and a minimum rental should be charged for several years. (Mr. Roberts — 'Do you approve o£ the State fencing in country for farmers?') Yes ; if tho couutry had a bitj running sore it should bs cut out or fenced off. Before inany years had elapsed, unless proper measures wuru taken, the sheep on the whole of the Northern Areas would be killed by the dog3, because in had seasons tiie dogs did not die like the rabbits, but migrated to tho settled districts. The Government should intimate whether or not they intended to do anything. It was no use to leave tho question over for two or three years, because tho trouble would grow all the time. Ho had spoken on the matters which b-j considered of tho greatest impor tance. He regrroited that the Government had not fcrmulated a public works policy. Their only proposals were a graving doci: and an Art Gallery. Anv benefit from these would be confined to tl»e city, and not to the pro ducers. (Mr. Archibald — ' Don't tht secondary producers benefit?') If tho farmers and out side piwtoralists wero doing well, then tho ascoudary producer.', tho manufacturers, would prosper. At present, tiie population of the city was increasing, while every day that of the country was falling oil. Kuin most come unless tho producers did well. (Mr. Archibald — ' Let us ship the ' Dead .March.'' Laughter.) Let the hon. member sin? it; him self as long as he liked, so lor::r as ik* did not sing it in that House. He beii--vt:i in Miisinpr a batter sonc — in doing their duty and doing it wisely. We had been trying for years to get a proper system of wat'T enn— frvarion, and had not got it yet. Par.igr.iphs a'nut this subject appeared in every susjech, but in apite of all thy talk a great deal of money had bec-n waTeri. Unfortunately the House had voted a lartje sum of money for water-con«?rvatio:i work-, and the Government tptsut ic a3 they ji!,\\-i-f-d. Though some of the wells constructed had been good, many had been useless. (Mr. Roberts — 'You don't believo in sinking wo!!s ?when no water comes. ') He believed the country would be better developed by in dividual enterprise than by any socialistic schemes. (Mr. Carpenter — ' Would you apply that to wire-nettuiff?') Individual enter prise had put up_ a lot of wire-netting, and done the work in a proper E&nner.; The Government had put down some successful bores, but that was in districts known to possess artesian supplies. If the Government ought to find water at all, they should search for it in districts regarding which there was no certainty as to itB being irot. Had there been liberal laws years ago, large undeveloped areas of the interior would have been properly opened up and water found. The Government should have a plan of roads in the interior aad stick to it when making provision for water. They had acted well in goin^ on with the bores in tho direction of the MacDonnell llanges, but that had been the exception. Th-j number of u.-ioless bores was larger than the sueees-'cs. As to thu repurchase of laud for cioaur secilement, he hoped the Bill to be introduced would be a hotter one than the last. It wa3 necessary that many farmers in the dry country should come to the older districts. Now they were wasting time in trying to grow ivheat and keep stock on unsuitable country. Many of them had such small holdings that they could not possibly keep their ilock*. Far better that these men should sell out to their neighbours and remove to tho good districts. ? Plenty of laud was available for them at a fair price. There was room enough in the colony, he believed, for ten times the popula tion wo had now, and room for them to bo profitably employed in dairy ing and raising crops in the old districts. Tha fault had been in pushing out into dry country. These farmers were encouraged to take up what they thought to be large hold ings, but tho.v were merely large in area and smaller in carrying capacity. Tho troubles of ttie dry seasons had taught the farmers to manure the old lands where there was a rain full, and in tbe South they were now growing good crop3 .is the result of this experience). [Sir. Price — ' We want a railway to WilJunga via Brighton.') If tho Uon. member could show that such a line would produce anything he would be glad to help hitn, but he did noc know that it would keep a lariror population on tho lend. There was certainly a Bilver lining to our dark cloud, and that was that thu farmers were learning to make use of the good land inside rainfall districts by manuring and proper farming. When thia wasf all y recognised wo shonld be able to keep our population. After tho Federation Bill had been dealt with he hoped that the Repurchase of Land Bill would be pushed forward. In his own district, near Yongala, Petersburg, and other places, good land could be obtained at a low cost. The future was brighter through the education of tha farmers, and the day wouid not be far distant hs hoped when much larger population would be settled in the various districts. (The Treasurer — 'Will you help us with the Ile purchfiso Bill?') Undoubtedly, if it bo on proper lines. Ho wanted to see some legisla tion on the subject, and would stretch a point to help the Government to pass a BilL As with federation, he should endeavour in con nection with this Bill to get what he could for the benefit of South Australia and leave tbe rtst. Mr. HOURIGAN obtained tho adjourn ment of the debate until Thursday, June 24. ADJOURNMENT— THE COMMON WEALTH BILL. The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder), in moving the adjournment of the House, asked tho Speaker if he would kindly arrange with the officers of the House to place upon the rilea of Iron, members copies of the Com monwealth Bill. These would assist thorn presently when tho measaro came before hon. members. The SPEAKER would do bo if it were the wish of hou. members. PAPERS. By the TREASURER (by command)— Report of the Commissioner of Audit re Thyers leases. ADJOURNMENT. The House at (J.7 p.m. adjourned till Thurs day, June 24, at 2 p.m. 