THE LIGHT THAT OAST NO SHADOW. . Curious stories are told about tho powers pos sessed by certain natives of India, who live up nmoung the Himalaya mountains. Thcso old men, it is said, hrvo devoted scores of yenrs to the study of natural laws and forces, whiott tho reBt . of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German pro fossor visited the 'adepts,' as thoso queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out tno seoret of thoii remarkable performance. Thoy treated him rather Bcurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine sorqe ancient Sanskrit roanusoript. An adept went with him to n. oave wherein the books wcro kept, The place was dark as the bottom or a well. ' 1 can't see to read, here,' said tho viiitor. «? Thon wo will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately Ctno profesior says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but ho noticed that it hud one strange quality — it cast not the diyhtest shadow. TWb is a story hard to boliove, yet Us truth is affirmed by a man o£ vast learning and high character, and you who now read it hevo no reason for doubt except that all tho lights you havo saon have cost shadows. Bcliof or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own cxperionco. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of tbo LtBbon earth quake, yet credited tho tale of thu Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when frionds tell him of a medicine which thoy believe will make him well, What elso but doubt could result from the ex porionce ? Take an example ; — i In tie spring 1888,' writes our correspondent '?I fell into a low, weak, and languid stoto. . I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor and after .eating I had pains and weight at the chese. ? I was muoh troubled with wind, and frequently spat up, a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Lator on I suffered faom nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had alwayB a senso of dlBcom fort. Off and on 1 continuod in this way for two years, nothing that 1 took relieving me. At last.I heard of Mother Sesgel's Syrup, and procured i supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief j my food digested, and gradually all nervous ness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my re covory, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I havo been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of Buffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Slgnod) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 161, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 7th, 1893.' There 1b a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about tho light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more troublo than it is worth. On the other hand wo have a trust worthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother.Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease— indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 