LITERATITBE. , REVIEWS. "Food and Population," by W. A.Mac- ! donstd -(Ideal ; Publishing Union, London). Hero we have inuohsubtle criticism of the most' noteworthy- and original theories of popula tion, ob lipid by Mai thus, Darwiu, Spencer, Marx, and other economists. In the chapter beaded "Sociological Experiments" the per nicious effect of clothing is dealt with. It appears that the most vigorous exponent of the doctrine of nudity in England is Edward Carpenter, & popular writer ou social questions, and tliat the doctrine is taking root aihougst educated Englishmen in India. As advocates of the system the uames of Dr. Pudor, and Kenneth Romanes, a cousin of the late G. J. Romanes, F.R.B., is mentioned. The Doctor mak$s four indictments against the wearing of clothes- the habit is unhygienic; it is unmoral; it is unartiatic, and it is- i unhum&nitarian.; By the last- named word ho meads that clothing is -the sourcO of class distinctions. A portrait of the author giveB one the ipipression of a man who had just escaped from a burning, lunatic asylum in his nightshirt, and rather a short one -at that. Thus habited- he entered Regent's Park one Sunday afternoon, and the sequel cannot be described bettor than in Mr. Macdonald's own words. " I was suddenly stopped by a Park attendant. .. i And upon the threats of the attendant becoming audible naturally a crowd assembled. I politely informed him thatI hud.as- muchright there as he, and that if -there was one respectable lady or gentle man there who objected to my passing through the Park I would retire, otherwise I would be put out by brute force. A few voices oried 'Let him pass,' while only one miserable ruffian demanded my expulsion, as I was not respectably dressed. When the attendant found th»t I refused to retrace my steps he blew his whistle, which brought help, - and then I was forcibly ejected into tiie street. My next step was to dartaway from the crowd, which contained a few uproarious vagabonds, who pursued me, yelling'Ould'iin.' There upon four or fivo policemen rushed to the front."/ Mr. Macdonalcl is taken to the polico station, where the curiosity of the officials was awakened to find out if ho wore knickers,' and boing now a suspected criminal his own state ment on this point was, of course, not admis sible. A searching examination showed that the kniokerbookers, though present, were invisible to the naked eye of the public. The next morning ho found himself before the Marylobone Magistrate. 44 4 What is the charge?' said his Worship. ' I saw the prisoner running away from a orowd,' said the police man. . . . 'Don't you think,' said. the Magistrate to me, ' tnat your propaganda would be more successful in your native Scot land?' 41 don't live in Scotland, your Wor ship,' said I. ' I have no propaganda, and am only costuming myself according to the weather and the stato of my health.' 'You must promise me faithfully never to go out again in that ridiculous costume,'said tho Magistrate, 4 otherw ise I shall remand you for a week,'" Were it not for an occasional flash of "unconscious humour on the part of the author the booklot would be stiff reading in deed. "The Foderal Defence of Australasia," by George Oatlicart Oraig (George Robertson and Co.). So far the literature of Australasian defence has boon principally confined to Bpeechcs, newspaper articles, and professional and Parliamentary reports. To reduce this confused mass into a complete system in bnok form is the rather formidable task which Mr. Craig has undertaken, and that ho has acquitted himself well will we think be acknowledged by most of his readers, as he has presented the main characteristics of the question to the public in a plain and instruc tive form. With the advent of federation tho book - which appeals to all patriotic Anglo-Australians - makes its appearance at an opportune moment. Many years ago the undefended state of the colonies in tho event of sudden war was clearly pointed out by the highest military and naval authorities, among whom were Sir George Chosney, Admiral Colomb, Sir W. D. Jervois. and Field Marahal Sir J. L. Simmons. Tlusre is no telling how ? noon tho present critical situa tion in tho ISaat may precipitate a general war; therefore tho question of defence is ono of supremo importance. Tho armed strength of Australia for offence or defence is probably better known in Paris and St. Petersburg than in the capitals of the Australian Colonies. A Russian fleet, without a pilot, sailed past Kan garoo Island, and suddenly anchored off Port Adelaide, whilstits naval lieutenants were once ! eautfht surveying Port Jackson and Port Phillip under tho pretence of fishing. 14 Ifobart and IS'ew Zealand," says Mr. Craig, "stand foremost .in danger. Russia in 1885 had plans laid for invading Auckland and Wellington, whilst !ihe had everything prepared to force tho Heads of Port Phillip and seize tho wealth held by the -Melbourne : Banks. If a foreign Power knows that Aus- j tralasia is well defended, it will not risk an ; expedition; but if it is known that the : colonies are unprepared they will most ! assuredly come in great force to land, burn, pillage, kill, and. destroy." Tho author is of opinion that tho first objective points of a foe will be to capture Port Albany, Hobart. or Thursday Island beforo they make a strong anddetorraincd attempt to capture Melbourne or Sydney. In tho chapter headed "Foreign Designs against Australasia" we are told that-the dangers now suirounding the Colonial Empire are numerous, and that every new warship dosigncd by Franco and Russia is directed against the British Fleet and the colonic". Under separate headings the author deals with harbour defence, the ammunition question, the defence of Austral Pacific trade routes, the sort of army Austral asia requires, the value of artillery in defence, and a host of other kindred subjects. Mr. Craig is an ardent Imperialist, and his work breathes high-souled patriotism throughout. The book, which in ovcry respect if» well got up, contains portraits of Field - Marshals Wolaeley and Roberts, Mr. Chauilterlain, I»ord Urassey, tho Commandant of the Vic torian Defence Force, and several other colonial military men, besides pictures of many of the Australian war vessels. It is a book that will well repay study. "Tho Australian Colonies in 180^5," by Edward A. I'ctherick (London: Effingham Wilson ; Glasgow: John Smith & Son). Ifere we have the resources, population, public works, finances, and geographical features of the colonies described in a series of letters ad dressed to an investor in Australian securities, with remarks on federation, the_ funding of public debts, emigration, and kindred sub jects. The author, wht.< is a colonist of forty four years, paints Australia in rosv colours, and predicts for her a glorious future. His statistics as a ruleare brought well, up to date. The boqkleVwhiohis wnttonin a papular, easy style, is! ull pf u&ofuliriformatirtu;, which will be lound of v&lQe; 'notbnly to the investor tut to those of the nnothcr country who are | thinki IUJ of iniiking'a home in the eolpnicts. : ! A Social Highwayman," by E. P. Train (Ward, Loclc, & Op;,: London, received from Messrs, E. S. Wigg & Son). This is a I veryroadable book, with a hero who makes a livelihood by relieving ladies of their super fluous jewellery. As he is a ''dude" in the most -fashionable New York society he has plenty of opportunity for practising his marvellous gift of sleight-of-hand. The story is put into the mouth of his ssivantHanby, himself also a thief, but who has a sincorb ana self-sacrificing devotion to his master. The author evidently intended the reador to feel pity and affection for the social highwayman, but he fails, liis art is not that of Mr. Bret Harto, who by the ? magic of his pen oan make the reader fall in \- love with the veriest rascal, and all the Social High nayman's woes leave us cold. Tho society scenes seem as if they were drawn from life, and altogether the book is a capital book-one for a railway journey.' With it aro bound _up short stories bj various authors. " His First Essay," by W. Pett Ridgo, is a pood examplo of tlie surprise story. " For Official Recog nition," by Quy Boothby, is short and smart, < almost painfully smart. :MTh'Ould Bog," by. Shan F. Bullock, *' "A Three - Cornered Affair,"by Mayne Lindsay, and "His First Case," by Percy Andrpae complete the book. "THE BKBWEH'S UHOST."-This is the title of a brbohure issued' by.the -Salvation Army, and written by Com/naudant Booth. It serves to show, as tho title suggests, the evil' influence's-of the drink traffic, tho author's method of dealing with tho subject being to point out to tho brewer's better self, through the medium of his conscience, which for tJio tfme'bsing takes' tho form of a ghost, the results of oveHndulgenco in the liquors which he himself is responsible for distributing. The charge against tho manufacturer is thus a very serious one, but we fancy that the author would not condemn tho individual so'much as the system: After all the great ovil is tho result of solf-indulgenco. PRACTICAL TEACHING-CnAT'TJirw ON THK TERMS AND 'PRACTICE oif TKACIIINO (Edited by F. Spencer, M.A., Phil. Doc., Professor of II ronch in University College of North Wales (Cambridge, the University Proas),-Twelve practical essays by as many highly skilled experts a to in this book grouped together to form what is perhaps tho most thoroughly up to-date work issued on tho subject of methods of teaching. As a specialist in the teaching of languages it was perhaps to be expected that Professor Spencer should have given very great prominenco to the parts devoted to linguistic learning, but if any one imagines that the modern teachers of Greek and Latin aro bound by tho dry-as- dust traditions which made these subjects so often a weariness or a terror to past generations of schoolboys, ho only needs to read this Cambridge text-book in order to romovo the impression at once. Mr. J. L. Paten, Assistant Ma?t«-r at Rugby, in discoursing on the modes of toaohing Latin, insists upon tho biological truth that tho | history of each individual is in itself an epitome of the history of tho whole species, and points out that tho schoolboy hotweon the ages of eleven and seventeen is just about in tho same relative stago of development as the Romans represent in tho history of mankind. An American school has recently been founded to work entirely on tho recognition of tho theory, and the method adopted is to organize classes in such a way that they may pursue their studies from the standpoint, first of tho savage, then of the ancients, and so on down to the people of modern times. The teachings of Latin grammar, without thoughts and ideas to givo it life, is shown to be a very great mistake, and to this practice is ascribed tho fundamental misconception which led in olden days to a constant resort to corporal punishment. Qui quae quotl. Fdcr ma the ro<l, says tho old rhyme. Tho samo idea is insisted upon in reference to tho teaching of the French and German languages, (J ra m mar is. in fact, relegated to a subsidiary place, and the scholars aro encouraged to entertain the conception of language as a vehicle for tho conveyance of thought rather than as a mere string of examples of certain rules. Tho system of public test comes in for some hard knocks as "the grim examination phantom, which terrorizes to such an extent the orluca cational conscience of England." The essay on tho teaching of English is contributed by Dr. Way, late of Wesley College, Melbourne, whose translation of Homer is so widely and favourably known. Geography, algebra, geometry, chemistry, physiology, and botany are all treated of in a vory clear and practical fashion, tho practice of .'cram" being de nounced in terms which should bo studied specially by examiners. In regard to history Professor Lloyd (jnfltes with considerable effect the dictum of Fouill o that "tho man with no knowledge of history will lack the sense of human and national solidarity, will lack tho sense of time, and will be tho dupo of every abstract Utopia." Perhaps m no other English-speaking country having a good elementary' oduoational system is there" less teaching of history than in Smith Australia, i The University ignores it, having neither Pro- J fessor nor lecturer in it; and tho secondary schools make it more of a cram subject than any other on the syllabus. This may possibly suggest one of the reasons why so many people in this part of tho world are, in tho words of Fouillee, the dupes of every abstract. Utopia." 