SENSATIONS OF BROWNING 'Drowning is a plea'sant death,' as a remark constantly made by those wto never gulped dovm salt water into tflie delicate tiissues of their lungs. ... As a lad I was bathing in rough weather ' en tire beach of a wiate-rin.g-place ? in Northern France.' Swept o'ut to sea, I struggled, sank, be came insensible, and was saved by the courage and ekill of a gallant Frenchman, who wTOte hie name that day in. my mother's New Testament as a memorial of tthe rescue. This was all. Tie circumstances were ordinary- A thousand such may occur every year. Psychologically, -however, there are points of interest which arise principally from the fact thait I remember oil that happened during a period of time which may have been four or five minutes, but which appeared to be as many hours. Almost immediately I entered the water, the much-resounding roar of the waves struck me as desolating and sorrowful — full of foreboding and terror. Ashamed of this fancy, I instinctively but foolishly fought my way seawards, and wsis .promptly out of my depth; not because I intended to run any risk, for I could not swim, but because the strong current had scooped out a hollow in the sandy bottom,' wtocfli had six feet of water on *he top of it. Tumbled over by the waves, tbe concentrated agony of the moment wlien the water closed over my head for the first time cannot be described. It was the bitterest point of the struggle. Cruel and omnipotent fotrce, without warning or- reason, ? surrounded me, and ?my frantic and determined efforts to escape only iner- eased the* pent-up passion to ceaee holding my breath and to inhale once moire. I felt in stinctively, as I writhed in the cold, biack water, that if once I succumbed to the temptation to expel my breath, wiiich almost burst tfce ribs in my angry efforts to retain it, the end would come; that I stould be compelled to breath in wards while covered with the pressing salt water. At this time I must ihave given *ay, and th.e dreaded stream of air bubbles rose to me eur f&ce.; A few weeks before I ha«3 watched the drowning of a cat in the clear water of a run ning stream. The animal was tethered to a stone, and had fought with upturned face for liberty. When the bubbles roee in a silver fountain from the corners of its mouth it stood at trie bottom swaying in the gentle current, turned ever, and alter one final struggle gaveeup the ghost. This scene came vividly before me. J thought of this wretched cat, and was ihalf amused to think that my case. was the case of the cat. There was no fear; the actual circumstances filled my at tention, and the piteous longing to' escape and the inability of my efforts suddenly became sub ordinated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, chest, limbs were all one solid pain. Just 'then I touched the sandy bottom wit3i my fingers and knee, and hastily snatched a handful oi sand and water to thrust in any mouth to end this struggle for air. All I wanted was to end the pain. No thought of death, except as in inter esting and immaterial factor in the situation, came over me. It is true that I remembered iihat ' I should be missed when dinner-time came and I was found missing; and thinking of the home people, I thought of a blue xie I had left on a thest of drawers in my bedroom, whdeh I had 'in tended to put on. Then, suddenly, I found my eyes above water for a second, and I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank again, and was conscious of relaxing effort and sinking out of a conscious state to one in which one dreamed without knowing what the dreams were. From this I awoke in great pain in the centre of a crowd on the beacih, whither my rescuer had Borne me. My first thought was one of indefinite and/ unreasoning shame; but the nausea caused by swallowing so much salt water quickly brought me back to eartih again. — 'Caseell's Family Magazine.' 