LITERARY NOTES. prom a special correspondent. LONDON, 17th February. "We aro in the midst of a furious Nausea ' boom," and to evado it is impossible. The newspapers teem with interviews" and sketches," tho explorer's 10,000 £1 volumes of Arctic experiences block tbe booksellers' win- dows, and he himsolf and Lieutenant Hansen aire to be met driving about at all hours in an open landau, escorted by vigorous exploiters, and followed by a string of reporters. I saw the hero of the hour last Saturday evening at tho Savage Club. He speaks English rather well, and humorously justified his oleotion to membership on tho ground that u a Savage he had beaten all records. For 15 months he had lived without Boap and water. But even worse things had happened to him than that. "Wo had," said he, 'to oat raw moat— polar bears, walruses, walrus blubber, blood, and so on ; but tho worst of all, perhaps, was tho waT ki which we had to clean our selves. Weill, I won't go into the details. (Laughter, and cries of Do.") Wo had no soap, as I havo told you, ami I can assure you it is rather a nasty thing, after having been obliged to skin walruses iu the water, and get ting your clothes sonked through with fat and oil, to feel those clothes sticking to you in the most uncomfortable way. Wo did our best to keep ouraelvea clean, mid tried all sorts of different ways. Wo tried the Esquimaux way, but that was no good. What wo had to do was to use tho knife and scrape ourselves; (Laughter.) That i3 all right bo far, for the knife will scrape the skin clean in the long run if you uso it woll. Eut it was worse with our clothes, aud tho only thiug we could do with thom wns to boil them iu our cooking pot. (Laughter.) The fat, however, would remain in the clothes ; so after wc had boiled them for & considerable time to make it softer, we took thorn out, and holding one end in the mouth scraped them out iu tliis way (illustrating it). We (got out much fuel in that way, and this we burned in the lamp. (Laughter.) Yes, it is quite true. Wc lmd fuel for our lamps for a whole day after having cleaned our olothcs. When we met J&ckson; after having epont tho whole wiuter in our hut, which was not as big as this room — it was 10 feet long and G ft. broad, and wo had to lie in our sleeping bags the whole time — what hap- pened ? One day I heard some dogs — you may have road it in the papers — and I met a man on the iloe, and the first way in which I felt tho approach of civilisation was the scent of soap." There was a record gathering of tho fel lows of tho Koyal Geographical Society and their friends At the Royal Albert Ball on Monday evening, when 12,000 persons assembled to hear Dr. Nausen read a paper on his famous expedition and to see him presented with a spocially struck and designed gold medal in commemoration thereof. The Prince of Wu!cs and the Duko of York having dined first with Sir Clements Mark- ham and tho explorer at tbo Imperial In stitute, occupied scats on the platform. Ilis ltoyal Highness evidently took the keenest interest in the proceedings, and it wa9 quite iu his best royal manner that he handed over the medal to the Arctic liero. Nanscn's lecture proved an agrceahlo surprise. His clear, ring ing voico easily filled the vast auditorium, his accent was scarcely noticcablo and tho famili- nrity of tho story was more than made up for by the excellent lantern elides thrown on a coloseal screen. Two cuttings I have made for special quotation. The firstdcscribcBthebcautics of Polar scenery. " You would," said Nansen, " naturally expect such regions to have many attractions, and I do not believe that any scenery is to bo seen anywhere which oun com pare with tho beauties of these regions. Tho long Arctic day ia exceedingly beautiful in it«elf, but without doubt tbo greatest beauties are in the Arctic night, and these who have once seen wbat ia to be witnessed thcro can never forget it. The moon effects aro specially beautiful. The ice is all like white marble, and with the light upon it some remarkable things aro seen. Even more beautiful tban tbo moon effects is the wonderful Northern Light. Tho effects wore so ourious that it made us think almost that ho had left this globe, aud goneto some other strango world, a world consisting of nothing but marble and white dazzling suow. If you have once seen this sight you will never forget it. In my opinion the Polar night ia much better than the Polar day. I did not ! often care to go out during the day, but in tho long winter nights I always liked to wander about, and I must admit that after getting back to civilisation I havo often longed back ' to those scenes whore all was always beautiful, and? there were few worries, and certainly no letters and no newspapers — where all was beauty and harmony." The other extract describes how Nansen and Johanscn, after building with iufinito labor a hut, spent tho long winter of 18Q5-9U. " Wo were," he says, " very glad of the walrus tuBks in building this hut. Our only tools wore the runners of tbo sledge, and theso were used for taking out stones from tho land. The hut' was 10 feet loug and 6 feet bread, bo that whon sleeping we had onr heads against one waft and kicked with our feet the other. It took ub a' long while to learn to sleep on Btones, and we used to toss about hour after hour in au endeavor to find the softest to lie upon. It may then be asked how wo ap.ent our time. Wall, we took it easy. We slept a great deal- about 20 hours of tho 2-1. Wo then got up and pronared a breakfast of bear's meat ; then went to look for more, and camo back and bad another meal off hear flesh. Then wo went again to sleop. Thus wo passed tho days- Wo had very little reading, except that provided by the Nautical Almanac and a tablo of logarithms, neither of which, as you may suppose, provided us with very exciting entertainment. (Laugh ter.) You can easily understand what a life wo led there. Only to give 3011 some impression of what tho life was like I will read to 3ou a des cription which I find in my diary of how wo spent Christmas Eve, 1805. The entry in tho diary runs thus— And tliia is Christmas Evo. Cold and blowy out of doors and cold and draughty indoors. How desolate it is bore ! Wo have never had such a Christmas Evo before. The bells are now ringing in tho Christ mas festivities at home. I can hear the Bound of themswingiug out through the air from tho church doors, and beautiful it sounds. Now tho candles have boen lighted on the ChriBtmas tree, aud flocks of children aro let in, and atonco I am reminded of what tho Christmas period for children means, and when I get home I will have a children's party. This is tho timo of joy, and there is rejoiciug in every hut at home. We arc kept hero. Johausen has turned his shirt and lias put the other one inaklo. I havo dono the same, hut I have changed my drawers as well— (laughter) — aud I put on tho others which I have wrung out in warm water ; then I have washed myself in a quarter of a cup of warm water, using tho drawers as sponge ami towel, and having done tins 1 feel quite liko a new being. (Laughter.) My clothes do not stick to mc quite as much as they did before. Then wo have supper. "Wo havo a fish grctin mado of powdered fish and Indian meal and train oil. Then for sweets wo havo bread fried in train oil. To-morrow morning wo will have chocolato and bread. fLnnghtor.) 'That was how wc had prepared for our Christmas eve. o had raved theso things as substantial luxuries, for throughout tho other time we hail to be content with bear's flesh and bear's fat." "The Looker On," in tho "National Ob server," alleges that J. St. Barric is taokling the — I should Jiavo thought impossible— task of of _ dramatising "Tho Littlo Minister." "Would ho not be well advined," arks "Tho Looker On," " to sdlow that sort of thing to lie done for him bj some more practised playwright —by Mr. Edward Rose, for example, who has been no successful with "Tbo Prisoner of Zenda"nnd " Under the Red Robe" ? Though Mr. Barrio has all along shown an inclination to the theatre — notehhi "Ilichard Savage, written with Mr. . Marriott-Watson so long ago as 1801 (or curlier), hia "Ibsen's Ghost," his "\TaJker, London," his "Professor's Love Story," 1ub " Eccky Sharp,' his share in that infimtilo production, "Jane Annie" — he has never vet exhibited any real command of dramatic technique. To be sure, ho is the husband of a charming lady who has a good deal of experi ence as aa actress and who ought to be able to give liim valuable assistance in hia work as a dramatist. Still, novelists do not, as a rule, make good playwrights, and it is beat to let play making be dono by professional - pin makers. Mr. Hose, they now Hay, is going to give up " adapting " for a while and tako to original writing. Eut it ia better to be a skilful adopter than the writer of original plays which do not take the popular fancy. The sequel to Anthony Hopo's " Prisoner of Zcnda" will follow St. Ives," in the "Pall ; Mall Magazine," and is to be called " Rupert of Hcntzau." There is, 3ou ina3 remember, a dare-devil knight of that name iu tho original story, and it is 110 doubt of his after career Mr. Hoiks has elected to tell ua. 