THE STCRYTEbbER A STRANGE WITNESS. "Murder will oat," said Mr Pi ice Brindle, aa he lit a cigar and puffed at it vigorously at the same time gazing keenly at me through the cloud of smoke he had raised. " Do you think so '" f queried. " I know BO," was his emphatic reply, " There's to such thing as a man having committed a crime escaping entirely. He aun run acot free for a menth or a year, but sooner or later he is bound to be found out, Now, in the case ol old Mr. Jordon, one would hardly thiak to look for his murderer in his san-in-law, who seemed to love the old man as bis own father." "There seems to be no doubt of the young man's guilt ?" " Not the least. An incautious word gave him away, and he is now in prison awaiting trial. I am eorry for his poor wife; but what could she expect, marrying such a man as Jack Ferguson?" " Such a man as Jack Ferguson ?' " Yes. He was a reformed gambler, if the truth has been told, and Madeline Jordan took her ducks to a poor market when she became the wife of Ferguson. I came over st her request, however, to see you, Mr Deering. The poor yonng thing seems all broken up over the affair, and I don't wonder.'' '• Do you think it necessary for a detective to look into the affair, Mr Brindle ?" " No, I don't think there's the least use," returned he. "I am of the opinion that Ferguson will confess, or at any rate can be made to do so, if the case is worked up properly. That may be worth your time, captain." •'I will come over," said I. " The inquest has not been held, I understand." " No; at my request it has been stayed until jou looked into the afEiir, I saw that the murderer was put into a safe place, how. ever, pending an examination." Price Brindle rose to his feet and bowed himself ou', leaving mc to my reflections. He was a man of influence in the little city o! D-irington, a member of a lumber-dealing firm that was supposed to be wealthy. The sudden death of the senior member of the firm had startled the community, and when it was found that a murder had been committed the wrath of Dorington was deep indeed. I had not been long located in the place, and was Bomewhat surprised at rereceiving R call from Mr Brindle on the afternoon of the day of the murder. Be explained that his partner had been found dead on tbe floor of his office adjoining his dwelling, with a knife in his heart. The old man's son-in-law had quarrel le-i with Jordan on the previous day, and had been heard to utter tiuvats. Moreover, the knife, a tl.asp affair, with a long, wicked blade, belonged to young Ferguson, and this together wi'li the fact that Ferguson had admitted quarrelling with Jordan, led to his being arrested for murder. Soon after thn depai ture of Price Brindle I repaired to tiie scene of the crime. I was admitted by Mrs. Ferguson, a bright, pretty woman of iess than twenty, whose faoe was pallid and stained with teais. " Oh, sir. Jack never did it, and you must must mve him I' cried the yrung wife, a look of earnest entreaty in her brown ejes. I was touched at her grief, and promised to do what I could in her husband's behalf. Ientered ihe office, a swell room adjoining the one in which the dealer slept, he being a widower, his daughter acting aa housekeeper. The body cf the dead man lay on a bed in a room off from the office. Ma 'eline did not accompany me ti this place, but Mr Brindle did. "H> was iu d jus' hero," explained Brindk 1 ., poinsii-g to the floor near a table, " where ne bad fallen out of his chair when the assassin plunged a knife to his heart." I glanced keenly about—at the floor, the chair, and the immediate surroundings. Under the table was a sp'ttoon in which lay the stump of a half-burned cigar, and on the table was a bottle of wine. ThAnurdered man bad evidently been enjoying himself at th? time he met his fate at tiie hand of an assassin. From the office I pa<sed into the bedroom and examined the dead. The knife-wound was plainly to be seen, and 1 soon made an important discovery. There was no blood on tbe clothing of the murdered man, and I had noticed none in the ofiice. Surely this was a little singular. As I passed back into the front room I saw Price Brindie just removing the spittoon from under the table. " Leave that where it is," I said sharply, " Eh, what, sir ?" The gent'eman teemed astonished. Leave that; spittoon where it is, Mr Bundle," I said ; nothing muet be disturbed fill the ioquest. Yoa ought to know the custom in cases of (his kind. Nothing must be disturbed in this room for the present." " I beg pardon," said Mr Brindle apologetically. " I have assumed charge s : nce my partner's death, and supposed it would be all right to clean up the room a little, but I realise that you are right, Mr Deering. I see that you understand jour business, and Madeline did right in suggesting you as the l>roi er peson to look into this afiiir." We left the room in company. I interviewed the officer in charge, and then went t > Mrs Ferguson. "Have y u made any discoveries?" she questioned at once. "I think so," ssid I, "Tell me " " Not yet. You must tell me all you know about this tad affair, Mrs Ferguson." I then began questioning the young wife closely. She admitted thBt her father and husband had quarrelled. Mr Jordan was a man of violent temper, and often had hot words with those in his employ. On the previous evening the two had eat till a lite hour smoking and chatting in the office. " Had they any quarrel last night 1" " None that 1 am aware of; in fact, I am sure the meeting was a pleasant one," arsured the woman. "When Jack was leaving, a stranger cal'ed at the office, and my husband left the two to 'ether." " Indeed ! Did you see the stranger 2" " Yes; I saw him go down the street in the moonlight. I had a bad toothache, and could not sleep, and was up attending to it. Jack was snoring then, and I know he did not leave our room till morning." " Who discovered the tragedy I" " One of the servants," "And then your husband was arrested." " Yes, he was arrested. I think Mr Brindle pointed him out to the officers." " What sort of a man is this Brindle." " A gentleman, sir; but he is mistaken when he accuses Jack." "Perhaps. Did the stranger whom yon saw leave the office at a late hour last night resemble Mr Brindle" "Not in tbe least. Jack says he had a very heavy beard. Oh no, sir, Mr Brindle is a gentleman, and would not wrong anybody intentionally." " Pethaps not." I questioned her minutely about her father's relations with different men. She could give no information about her father's visitor, but requested me to see Jack, who had seen him in the full glare of the office lamp. Once more I returned to the office and made it a point to secure two things, the 8 nit toon and tbe bottle of wine. I had theory which I determined to carry out immediately. The bottle of wine and cuspidore I secreted in a paper, and carried them both to a chemist, who was a personal friend Leading the articles with him, I turned my steps towaid the city prison. I found Jack Ferguson, a young man of good address and frank face, yet deeply distressed over his unfortunate position. He had little to offer save that he was innocent. Tbe knife found in his employer's heart was his, but it had been stolen from him a long time before the tragic night. As to the stranger, he had never seen him before, and even Mr Jordan seemed not to know him. " He was very chatty, however, and offered cigars to both Mr Jordan and myself." ' Did ycu accept one ?" " Yes." " And smoked it'" " No; I was just going out, and put the cigar in my pocket." " Where '"s it now " " In my coat at home," " Very good." A little later I leit him, and quickly repaired to the chemist. "What luck, Will 1" " The wiuc is all right," " And the spittoon ?" "I'll tell you," and myfriend bentforward and whispered a word in my ear, " I thought so," I said, with a start. The chemist was curious, and I had to enlighten him as to my latest case. I had everything in readiness for the inquest, which wae held the next morning. I made myself known to the coroner at tbe outset, and had !camel from Mrs Ferguson her whole family history, arid such other things as I deemed necessary. The fifs^ witness called was young Ferguson, who gave an account of that last evening with his employer. Since the young man was under airett his testimony was taken with a degree of allowance on the part of the jury. He told of the coming of the stranger, a man with an immense beard, who professed to know Mr Jordan, and who seemed a good-natured fellow indeed, since he offered c gars at once. The next witness was Madeline. She corroborated that part of the story her husband told relating to the stranger, and I could see this bad an influence with the jury. I took it upon myself to ask a good'many questions. The most important witness was yet to come, however, in the person of the murdered man'e partner. He was ccol and collected enough when he entered the witness-box. After the coroner had brought out the fact that it was Ferguson's knife found in the heart of the murdered man, I tojk the witness in hand. "Howlong have you been in partnership with Mr Joid.in ?" iiy first question was one easily answered, which led to otheis of a preliminaty nature. " Now, Mr Biiudie, it is your opinion that your late partner came to his death from the knife-wound ?" "Of course ; how else could it be?" he asked quick'y. * " We will getat that soon," Isaid. " Now, sir, if the knife <~aufed Jordan's death, what became of t he blood ? I found none on tbe floor, nor any in or abou' tbe murdered man's clothing." I regarded the witness keenly. " He must have bUd internally," was Brindle's reply. •" Would It be possible to stab a man to the i heart and not draw a drop of blood to the outside?" t asked. " 1 do not know, sir." " But I know. I would be impossible," I said sharply. "Well, it may be, I cannot judge," returned the witness. " I am suie the knife was found in Mr. Jordan's heart, :md, as it belongs to Jeck Ferguson, that is evidence to me that be is tbe murderer." "Now, don't jump at conclusions, Mr Brindle. We do not care fur your opinion on the case just now. You will simply answer questions put to you," I said curtly. " I am ready to answer, t-ir." " Very well. An expert surgeon baa held a post-mortem on the remains, and he asserts Mr Jordan was stabbed after life was extinct." I bent and regarded Brindle keenly. I saw his face blanch, and believe he trembled. " What is this tome!" he said firmly. " You will soon discover. " I did not come here to be insulted." The man was getting on his dignity, and it pleased me. " You shall not be insulted," I said. We only seek the truth, and so are sifting matters. Now, Mr Brindle,' tell the jury who tbe strange man was who visited Mr Jordon on the night of the murder." " I know nothing about him." " Are you sute? " " I am not in the habit of being doubted Mr Deering," snapped thew tness, angrily. The man was losing his temper, a fact which pleased me not a little. 1 would soon have him at a good advantage. " I suppose not," I retuinid, " but I beg to be differ with you as regards this stranger. However, let him diop. Do you recognise this?" " I suddenly presented a morocco cigarcaBe to the gaze of the witness. He glared a moment and then put out his band. "It is mine." " Exactly." J turned to the jury and said : "Gentlemen, this ci.ar-cabe was found in Price Brindle's pocket, the pocket of a c at worn on the night of the murder. It has been ascertained that Mr Jordan died before he was stabbed, and the stump of rhe cigar found in the spittoon in Jordan's office, being analysed, is found to contain a most subtle poison The stranger, who visited Jordan on tbat fatal night pasted cigars, and one of them Jack Ferguson took, but did not smoke. Tbat too, has been analysed; it contained the same subtle drug. It is evident that a double murder was contemplated." Profound silence reigned while I made the announcement. The lace of Mr Price Brindle was very white. At length he said : " What is this to me ? I can't see that this helps Jack Ferguson." " I'll teii you," I cried, turning upon him with a piercing look. " The plot to remote Loth Mr Joruan and Jack Ferguson has failed. The poisoned cigar th »t the former smoked came nut of this moroccj case. Ihe cigars remaining here contain the same deadly drug, and you acknowledge the case of cigars to be youw, Price Brindle ?" White as a ghost, the witness gasped : " The case is mine, but not the cigars. It is a plot to ruin me." " Oh, no, it is not," I said, suddenly producing a false beard. Did you not wear this on the night of the murder, Mr Brindle 1" His whiie lips parted, but no sound came forth. With a gasp lie slipped from his chair in a dead faint. Price confessed his crime soon after. His motive was twofold. His partner's daughter had refused him and married Jack Ferguson; and he, Brindle, was an embezzler, having robbed the firm for some time, and, fearing detection, he planned the murder Failing to kill Ferguson, an aftei thought caused him to attempt fixing tbe crime on the young man. Brindle died in prison soon after i he confession. 