WOMAN'S WORLD. (By "SYLVIA.") A new idea has been eagerly adopted by Society women in India. Several hundreds have already joined a "Union." founded (one wonders why) upon the 1st of April, and each member binds herself to eschew social calls in tho manner handed down by her ancestors. Instead of paying visits in person, cards ate to be sent and calls re- turned by post! An excellent plan for adding to the revenue, but one that will soon fall into disuse, if Rudyard Kipling knows anything about us. It will not be long before Mrs. Hawksbee will want to tell some choice secret to her dearest friend-and wish the penny post at Jericho. But what an appalling vista opens before us at the very mention of such a Union. Life would be but a monotonous round of weary days, from which " good things " perforce should hold aloof, were we never permitted to whisper the very latest rumour about Maud's broken engagement into willing ears-nor catch the answering gleam of wholesome malice in the listener's eye. * * * * * This is strictly between ourselves. There is no fear that any man will attempt to penetrate the intricacies of Woman's World ; the editor is a kind of Father Con- fessor, who has power to cast the whole and each particle of his paper out of mind when he rises from his padded office-chair ; the comp, is so often abused that he will »efr attempt to reveal what he has seen - who would believe him? For centuries \- since the days of Eve, no doubt - we have sought in vain for a face powder that does not come off, whether on our own opera-cloak or a cavalier's coat sleeve. At last a mixture has come to light which will gladden each truly feminine heart. It is called Darsy's Liquid Powder, and, when applied, seems to become part and parcel of the skin itself. Many remarks have been made about the dazzling whiteness of the necks and arms seen at recent drawing rooms. The secret of their charm lies in a guinea bottle of this liquid, which is thought cheap by all who have come under its magic spell. * * * * * Al trust that no dissentient mind will peruse this page. What does Kenan write in his "Recollections" about the all- important topic of outward perfection? "As a young man," he says,. " I became gradually aware that beauty is so superior a gift that talent, genius, nay, virtue itself, combined are as nothing compared with it ; so that the really beautiful woman has the right to disdain everything, seeing that in her own person she contains, as m a vessel of myrrh, all that genius painfully en- deavours to accomplish in enfeabled tracts by means of fatiguing labour and reflec- tion." * * * * * The perfume of the hour is called Uasu-no-hana. It is the extract of the Japanese lotus lily, and is said to be abso- lutely distinctive and different from every other known preparation. It has the great advantage, too, of dying away gracefully like a properly constructed ghost, in the mist of the morning, instead of lingering round and suggesting the musk rat and other odours of quite fearful variety. I * » » » « France is ever to the fore in its thirst ts>V novelties. The latest innovation was at a fashionable marriage, where eight tiny groomsmen took np their stand ¿a. lund the eight diminutive bridesmaids. ;A11 sixteen were between the age of six »nd eight years, and were dressed in cos "tnmes of the Louise Seize period. At the conclusion of the ceremony each little .anauikin gava an arm to a se." maid and .proceeded down the aisle atina wake of ïhe chief performers, L * * * o *> At a wedding in London recently, where »Peer's daughter was the bride, the brides- maids, instead of standing by, subsided ¡into pews close to the altar rails. To me, this seems just as it should be. If the t¡me has come for Miss Jones to change her name into that of Mrs. Robinson for evermore, she surely deserves to be the centre of attraction just this once ? The bridesmaid should have her day, too, if I had my way, but all to herself when her own time comes, instead of sharing the glory of the late Miss Jones. * * * * * A crusty old bachelor has been diving into antiquity for the origin of the wed- ding present which has assumed such immense proportions in these degenerate Wtys, and has discovered that fornjorly the «gift waa really a tribute which the lord of the manor exacted from his vassals. The jnen (or serfs) were bound to give tho result of a day's hunting, and the women presented a specimen of their handiwork. 'It was compulsory and a vassal might lose liis head if he dared to murmur against ¿he mandate of his lord. Things are much the sam« to-day No ona can make us " a head shorter" as the Virgin Queen did ?when she pronounced the hapless Maria «Stuart too tall, but wa ara calle«! "mean eld things,"" and ara geoEBptsrây shunted libeyond the> pale» o£ jggfia ssaeiy if wa clare let an occarfona jam ?without adding come' gift -ifco.-í]¡a¡u4«xrayaiof^nupSal offerings. * \ **"..£ . The vexed question of cvcfînff for women lias long been settled all over th» civilised 'world by the adoption of the practice by everyone who feels inclined for it. This is (?what Dr. Turner, an eminent London 'authority, gays upon the subject " Therç is not the slightest donbt but that the invention of the low safety bicycle and »t the pneumatic tyre has opened the door of the Temple of Eygeia to a very large number of those to whom it would otherwise have been permanently jdosedrand that in consequence the general Standard of health, both among mon and ,women whe have properly and judiciously made use of the opportunities for exercise »nd recreation afforded by the use of the ¡bicycle, has been considerably elevated." The foregoing learned opinion has only Jbsen quoted here to afford every cyclist the satisfaction of ejaculating, " I tola you so." * * * * * An exhibition which" is attracting a good {leal of attention at home was opened in ' June by the Marchioness of Lorne, at drapers' Balk Foremost amongst the loan collection is a 'marvellous array of fans, lent by Mr. Dnvelleroy, containing lovely | «xamples of Italian, Empire, and First Se Jinblic periods. Another old English col ection represents " Shakspeare'a Seven Ages," and there are some quaintly pic- turesque fans bearing acrostics, ever which, no doubt, the charmingly powdered and bewigged beaux of earlier times were wont . tm ponder at the bidding of sprightly dames. i # * m *' * Speaking of sprightly dames, it was only to-day I came across some Terses by the beautiful and gifted Lady Blessington . worses that, wa are informed, create« quite a sensation. Here are two ,." Your daughter's charming, en my word!v à "While yon-I vow I heard Lord Lyster . ^ Say-youlook like her elder sister. »My son baa come back from the Fast, "Sut has not suffered in the least. * Well, Lady Mary's quita a belle, . I And dressed, I must say, à merveille. Any attachment, tntrt nous P ^T,«o young-ha, ha ! That's se like yen, I Av. revoir, chère amie^ Adieu." Set she- was the contemporary-«? Byron, Shelley, Wordsworth, and all the long line jf poets when the century waa young, and .She had courage to publish that. She ¡munt have.,,been. as. brave as she was ajeautiftd. The «fashienabbSTiight" at tbaTheatre ¡Boyal has now become quita an institution, und is always marked by a goodly muster in the dress circle, although for-weeks the announcement that a party from Govern .ment House* would be present has been the signal for ».general downpour. On Thurs- day evening amongst those who witnessed '^ From Scotland Yard " were Lady Smith, tin a brocaded costume, with corsage of black sequins net and lovely diamonds; .Miss Smith, in a pretty concert blouse of «ream and pink silk, and black skirt ; Mrs. Saunders, in a rich, black silk gown with a profusion of cream lace en the corsage; ISIra. Petherick, wearing ivory white faille! '?fptih bodice of white brocade, «wljiearlii, and panels of the brocade on the skirt; Mrs. G. W. JonC3, pink satin evening blouse and black silk skirt ; Mrs. Florence Broadhurst, blue and -white stripad silk blouse and black skirt; Mrs. Keynolds, black corded silk, with bodice of black and white striped satin; Mrs. Ewing, pink liberty silk blouse, black silk skirt; Miss Bertha Brookway, costume of pink merv and black ; Mrs. Moran, heliotrope brocade ; Mrs. Henson Broadhurst, pink silk blouse, black skirt; Miss Davy, costume of deop shell-pink silk ; Mis3 Scrickland, pink satin and chiffon corsage, black skirt ; Miss M. Strickland, Nile green crêpe, blouse trimmed -with pearls and lace," black skirt ; Miss Keynolds, flowered silk bodice, black skirt; Mrs. Shadwick, cream liberty silk blouse, black skirt ; Miss Adelaide Swinton, in pink corded silk and black. * , * # s * I was sorry to see the audience so eager to leave the theatre that they could not even wait to permit the vice-refral party to pass out first. Surely, when it is only a Wftttw of a minute er two, the average mortal might stand back to give prece- dence to the Governor and Lady Smith. 