Old Favorites. ON A STREET. .i DIUU9 mat street— hb naggara inco I havo not seen for oight long years ; A mothor's curse is on tho plaoo (There's blood, my reader, in her tears). Ho child of man shall over track, Through filthy dust, tho singer's foot— A fierce old memory drnas mo back : . I hato its nnino — I dread that street. Upon tho lay of green, sweet lands, Whoso months are like your English Mays, I try to hirio in Lethe's sands The bitter old Bohemian days, , Bat sorrow speaka in Ringing leaf, And trouble toikoth in the tido; Tho skirts of a stupendous grief . Aro trailing ever tit my sido. I will not sny who suffered there, 'Tin best the name nloof to keep, Because tho world is very fair Its light should sing tho dark to slcop. But let me whisper, in that street.- A woman, faint through want of bread, Has ofton pawned tho qailt and sbcot And wept upon a barren bed. How glftdly would I clmbgo my thorae, Or ceaso tho song and steal away, Bat on tho hill aud by tho stream A ghost is with mo night and day ! A dreadful darkness, full of wild, Ghaotia visions, comes to tno : I Boom to hear a dying child, Its mother's faco I seem to see. Hero, surely, on this bank of bloom, My vorso witli shlno would ovor flow ; ' But, ah ; it oomes— tho rented room, With man and wife who suffered so ! .From flower and leaf thero Is no hint I only soo a sharp distress— A lady in n faded print. A careworn writer for tho press. I only hear tho brutal ourso Of landlord clamouring for his pay; _ And yonder is tho pauperis hearse . That aomos to tako a child away. Apart, and with tho half grey beau Of sudden ago, again 1 soo Tho father writing by tho dead, To corn tho undertaker's fee. No tear at all is askod for him— A drunkard well deserves his lifo ; Bat voico will quiver, eyes grow dim, For hor, tho patient, puro young wife, Tho gentle girl of better day6, As timid as a mountain fawn, Who used to choose untrodden ways, And place at night bcr rags iu pawn. She could not face tho lighted squaro, Or show tho street her poor, thin dress ; In one close ohambcr, bleak and baro, _ i She hid her burden of distress, Her happy schoolmates used to drJvo, On gaudy wheels, tho town about ; Tho meat that keeps a dog allvo, , She often had to go without. I tell you, this is not a talo Conceived by me, but bitter truth ; Bohemia knows it, pinched and pale, Beside the pyre of burntout youth' . These.oyca o: mino have often seen \- girl wife, in winters rude. Steals out at' nights through courts unclean, To bunt about for cbfps of wood. Havo I no word at all for blm Who used down fetid lanes to slink, And squat in tap-room corners grim, And drown hfs thoughts in dregs of drink ? Tbis much I'll say, that when tho flamo Of reason reassuaed its force, Tho hell the Cbrlstiao fears to name, Was heaven to bis fierce remorse. Just (o think of him— beneath tho ban, And steeped in sorrow to the neck, Without a friend— a feeble man In falling health— a human wreck ; With all bis sense and scholarship, How could ho faco hie fading wife ? Tho devil never lifted whip With strings Hko those that scourged his life. But be in whom the dying thief Upon the Cross did place his trust, Forgets tho sins and feels the grief, And lifts the sufferer from the dust. And now, because I havo a dream, The man and woman found the light ; A glory burns upon tho stream, With gold ana green tho woods are bright. Bui still I hate tbat haggard street, Its filthy courts, Its alleys wild ; In dreams of it I always meet The phantom of a wailing child. 'flit' mime of Jl begets distress, Ah, song, be silent f show no moro Tho lady In the perished dress, Tho scholar on tha tan-room floor. — HmaiY Kendall. Thfi poet's d&aghtcr;, Aralacn. 