SEVEN EPISODES Mrs. Baldwin Hodge. FOR THE "SUNDAY TIMES." EACH EPISODE IS COMPLETE IN ITSELF, YET FORMS A I.INK IN A STOKY OF SEVEN PARTS. SIXTH EPISODE. Thy Sin Shall Find Thee Out. A young woman in evening dress is rather impatiently waiting for her husband to accompany her. "You are slow, Malcolm," said the young wife, a slight tremor of impatient anger stirring her tones. "People will say, 'Little Mrs. Pain has actually man- aged to leave her precious baby — and what a time for her to arrive!' they will blame me, not you, for — for—" Her husband glanced in her smooth, complacent face. He looked troubled, and the fingers that touched his coat-collar trembled. She noticed it. "Are you not well, Malcolm? You have something troubling you. These last two nights I awakened to find you trem- bling — and — " "I've been a little put out— o — ver busi- ness — that is all." "You are sure?" with a little knotting of the straight black brows, "you are keeping nothing from me; you have not been the same since you were upset over that newspaper — last week. You are quite sure there was nothing in it?" "Nothing, my dear. I have been sub- ject to a foolish fancy — that is all— a little out of sorts, I expect. I must not work so hard; we will go out together." "Yes; you must take a long holiday," said his wife, whose thoughts, light as a breeze; were easily diverted. "Are you quite ready?" "Quite." From the carriage, when he had placed his wife in it, he turned back to the house to the housemaid still standing in the door- way. "Tell Buxton," he said, in a whisper that the girl afterwards declared to be uncanny, "that we shall return early, and be sure and have the house well lighted on our return; I want no darkness where — where shadows may hide to startle one." "Yes, sir." And he entered the carriage with his wife. A ball at the Sydney Town Hall. A great gathering of fashionables have ac- cepted the invitation to be present. To the left of the doorway stand a group of young men well known in literary circles. One of their number is recounting, for the others' benefit an incident recently hap- pening in his life. Among the late arrivals are a gentleman, tall, middle- aged, and bearded, and his wife, a slight-made, fair- haired, dollish-featured woman, some years his junior. The face of the young man as he talks is turned towards the doorway they are entering. The Mayoress bestowed her most win- ning smile on the young wife. Tired as she was, and weary of her talk, it was refreshing for the hostess herself to see the familiar face of a friend amid such a crowd of fashionable acquaintances. Then husband and wife passed on. A flutter of excitement stirred the heart of the wife. It was her first appearance in public for many months, and the return to the life she loved and was adapted for pleased her. The pleasure heightened her beauty, and gave to her usually expres- sionless face a brilliance not often found there. Her thoughts were far away from her husband, or she might perhaps have been more prepared for the shock that followed a few minutes later. She passed her hostess and exchanged a few little meaningless nothings with one and another of her society acquaintances until she met an old family friend, and stood stationary for mutual confidences. The two women gushed after the manner of their sex, while the man's eyes wandered indifferently over the room. At the same time the conversation of the young men at the door turned on the late arrivals. "There are two particular friends of yours, Hallen," said the youngest of their number; "I expect they know of your safe return, and your appearance will not be the surprise to them it was to us." "Oh, Pain and his wife. No, I did not think either my disappearance or reappear- ance of sufficient importance to warrant me proclaiming it from the housetops." "You're too diffident, Hallen; such a chance for an excellent advertisement, and you profit nothing by it." Rod Hallen shrugged his right shoulder, an impatient habit he had of expressing disdain. He was watching the progress of the Pains round the room. One of his companions hastened away, but just in time to secure his partner for the dance being formed. His presence at the assembly was mainly due as a surprise to Malcolm Pain. He, the latter, had through some fancied cause for jealousy attempted to take his life, an attempt known only to the transgressor and his victim; an attempt the former believed a successful one. The victim, in vigorous health, and slightly changed in appearance, prepared for his small triumph. He slowly made his way in an opposite direction to Pain, endeavoring to catch his enemy's eye while doing so. When half way through the slow course he did so. His sensitive face whitened with re- pressed feeling, and his eyes brightened with fiery indignation. They two gazing in each other's eyes saw nothing of the gay crowd, the room for each held only himself and his foe. To one of them those passing moments were an eternity. He felt that the pre- monitions of his victim's re-appearance on earth had sapped his strength and left him nothing for combat. The other picked his way slowly through the mass, and the face of the watcher grew rigid as he watched the gradual approach; his wife, lighthearted and happy, chatted on unconsciously. Then the fearful tight- ness snapped, and he fell prone to the ground. The face of the torturer changed as he hastened his approach to give, if required, assistance to the wife. The consulting room of a well-known Sydney physician. "Dr. --, I have come to you — to in- quire — to —. To tell the truth, there is that between Malcolm Pain and myself that prevents me ever entering his house. How is he? I to-day heard that his sudden illness last night — is likely to end in loss — of reason. Is there any truth in the report?" The doctor peered through his spectacles at the inquirer. He was an old man — in years and experience. "I am sorry to say there is some truth in it. He is in a bad way. He has evi- dently passed an exciting life, and his present mode of living has been too much for him. Many men, while they bear the strain of continued physical work and mental worry, disappointment and ill- fortune, find the reverse too much for them. I have heard that Pain, until his recent almost unparalleled prosperity, lived a knockabout life. Undoubtedly, success has done what hard work and anxiety failed to do." "You think it unlikely he had a shock?" "A sudden shock would account for it, but considering how he was situated at the time, under the circumstances a shock great enough to do the mischief would be impossible.'' "Supposing a fellow — mind I am only supposing — a fellow to whom he intended doing some great injuries — supposing he tried to do away with a fellow, and thought he had done so; well, supposing — mind, hypothesis only — the fellow appeared to him as one from the dead, do you think such a thing could do it?" "Such a thing might do it. The mecha- nism of a man's brain is so delicate that very little sometimes puts it out of gear, particularly after any manner of strain." "Even we unqualified men know that much." With a touch of impatience, adding apologetically, "Pardon my rude- ness, but I am anxious for his wife's sake — she is fond of him — and rather than she should know his real self, I'd — I'd — well! I would do a great deal. Is the aberra- tion likely to last?" "I should say so — from my own ex- perience I should say it would. But we qualified men do not profess infallibility." In a private asylum for the insane in N.S.W. there lives a patient who was once well known in Sydney society, through his great and quickly-acquired wealth. He is still wealthy, and labors under the delusion that he is a poor working miner. He is fairly happy when he forgets the one great hindrance to his peace — he believes him self haunted by the ghost of a man — a man still living in Sydney, prosperous and happy. His wife — a pretty, fair-haired woman — and his young daughter — pretty and fair- haired like her mother — often visit him. They are as strangers to him, for her name is Alice, and he calls her Rebecca, and the child he calls Ruth, while her real name is Dorothy. A few of his delusions leaked out among his erstwhile friends. They, while dis- cussing them with the freedom of a bygone friendship, shake their heads, and opine it is more than sudden acquisition of gold and its attendant cares that has brought about the gruesome end. "There is more in it than meets the eye," they say, "and more ways than one of getting gold.'" Of course they know — gossips always do. (To be Continued.) 