iYIAS* A JEAN; OIt TIlE ,i IIOUSl E OF TILE INK SPOT' I A STORY OF THE SOUTHERN I STATES OF AMERICA. 1 I was lying stretched at full length on the long sofa in the library. It was a 4 drowsy afternoon in spring, as I had been asleep. Even after I awakened the sweet drowsiness of slumber was on me, and I lay for some time with closed lids in that thoughtless. dreamless state between sleep and waking. Suddenly, I became aware of a presence in the room, and opened my eyes, expecting to see my aunt. Instead I saw a flash of black before my eyes, a flash that shimmered and quavered like super heated air and disappeared while I was blinking my eyes to see what it all meant, but I was alone in the room. The thing gave me a queer sensation, and I lay quite still for some minutes, shutting and opening my eyes to see if the black flash reappeared. But it did not ; there was only a sort of tired feel ing back of my eyes. ' Malaria,' I said resignedly, and I went to look for Amelia, to get her to make me a lenmonade. I found the little maid watering the flowers down in the paved court. I le.aned over the banister with my face in my hands, lazily watching her swab the dusty aloe, her deft little hands glistening like copper when the sun touched their wet brown fingers. 'Do you believe in ghosts, Amelia ?' I asked wearily. 'Oh, yes, mamzelle,' said the little maid in her pretty French, as she turned her sacred brown face up to look at me. 'Don't you ?' 'Of course not,' I answered, ' but I'm thirsty, Amelia.' Then she flicked the water from her coppery fingers and went away to mix me the cool drink of lemon and lime juice which no one could make so well. When the little maid was gone, Aunt 'Cilla poked her big white, kerchiefed head from the kitchen door, r.odded at me a moment, and then came toiling up the steps. ' You been sleep in the libr ry, ain't you, honey ?' she said, when she had waddled quite close to me. ' Yes,' I answered, wonderingly. 'Das a mighty po' place to sleep, chile,' she said. ' Why, Aunt 'Cilia,' I asked. ' Cause 'tis,' she answered, laconically nodding her head backward towards Amelia, who was coming up the steps behind her. ' I's jess telling mamzelle she better mek you git the feather duster and bresh de dust offn dem bananas and dat palm 'fo you sprinkles 'em, '.Meiia,' said the old woman, as she waddled away. " All right, Aunt 'Cilla,' said the little maid, as she left me to my lemonade, and to wondering what the old woman meant. But whatever she meant, she would not tell me. For days, in the eagerness, of my thoroughly aroused curiosity, I besought the old woman, and finally offered to bribe her if she would tell, till at last the poor old thing threw her self down on her knees at my feet. 'Don't mek me tell you, honey chile,' she said. "Tain't nothin' gwme to hurt you : ef dere was I'd tell you ef it kill me. But 'tain't nothin' 'tall gwine hurt you, only I done been conjured, an' ef I tell de hoodoo would git me. 'Fo' Gawd das de truth, honey,' and there were tears rolling down the old woman's black cheeks. Of course this served to excite my fancy all the more concerning the shim mering black spot in the library, and in the meantime I had a second experience of it. It was much the same sort of experience as the first, except that I had not been asleep. 1 simply lay down on the sofa and closed my eyes, opening them suddenly, when the black spot shimmered and danced and was gone. I had told my aunt upon the first day of our possession that the house we took was worthy to be haunted. I have always wondered why my aunt selected it. It was, in many respects, the least prepossessing of any that the agent showed us, yet, to be sure, it had a grandeur about it, a sort of stately, stuccoed, Creole grandeur that was altogether charming in our eyes that beheld New Orleans for the first time. But the house was plain and tall and straight and square; there were no quips and cranks about its appearance on the outside, though the interior was all that the most fanciful heart could wish. There was an open court, with a rusty-throated fountain in the centre. and a scraggy, scaly palm that clamnbered against one of the brick pilllars quite to the upper gallery ; there were narrow corridors, winding stairways and sliding panels which let upon niches and closets that were empty enough in reality, but which, to my awakened fancy, became teeming with suggestions of ghosts and romance. My aunt said she selected the house because of its location, became from the upper balcony she could see the old Cathedral, and lower down the shipping at the wharf, the big, smoke-putffing steamners, and even the red sails of the tiny fishing smacks showing their bright flare of colour on the breast of the dull water. It was a location worth one's choosing-a location where one could overlook queer corrugated, tile covered roofs, cool, shaded, paved courts, and narrow cobbled streets; a location where one could hear the sweet, low speech of gentle Creole tongues from morning until night, and dream all sorts I of romances. I frankly confess that the ghostly spot in the library set me to thinking that romances may be much better dreamed than realised, particularly as I could not speak to my aunit about it. We had come South for her health, and it became my constant care to keep her from knowing about the spot. Nevertheless, I set myself to find out what it meant I rummaged all over the house, in every crack and corner, and found many secret closets and hidden I springs that I had hitherto been ignorant of. But besides these not a scrap of manuscript,nothing to tell of any former history of the house or of inhabitants. One dtay, however, when I had about concluded my efforts would be in vain, Amelia was helping me to arrangesome books and magazines in the big, empty wall case in the library. Suddenly the little maid let fall a heavy volume. The book slipped from a pile which she was I attempting- to lay on the shelf, and. striking heavily against the hack of the case, opened a secret door-therein con cealed, and dropped with a sort ofi broken fall into theniche behind. It is t needless to say I lost no time in search-t ing amid the dust and cobwebs of the little closet, where I found two small I oil pictures and a little plaster bust. t With eager hands I brushed the dust from the pictures, and, taking them to the light, fonnd one to be the portrait of a delicate, sweet-faced boy with blue eyes and fair hair. Across the back of ! the canvas was written : 'Jean, aged o years.' The other picture was a lad l seemingly 15 or t6 years of age, a handsome, black-haired, black-eyed boy whose expression I did not like. The plaster cast was the head of a grinning Faun, so stained and dust-covered as to be scarcely recognisable. Beside the dust and grime, the Faun was further disfigured by a clack but poorly patched, running entirely round the head, cleaving the right cheek, anli slanting downward through the mouth and dashed squarely across the face, so that it spattered both eyes, was a hideous black ink spot. Here at last was a clue to the mystery but what it would lead to I could not even conjecture. Was it the shimmer ing black spot that I had seen so often now which darted across the Faun's face as it set in on the high library mantel between the two portraits ? Perhaps it was only a passing shadow, for someone had crossed the threshold. ' 'Fo Gawd, missy, honey, wharbouts you git dem things ?' said Aunt 'Cilla as she entered. ' Better put 'em back whar dey come fm, honey-better put 'em back.' By this time the old woman had reached the fireplace, and stood looking up at the pictures. Po' li'll Massa Jean,' she said caress ingly ; ' po' li'll lamb.' W' ho is the other boy,' Aunt' Cilia ?' I asked. Da's Massa Pierra, missy, ol, marster's odder gran'son,' the old woman answered hesitatingly. ' Jean's brother ?" I asked. ' No, no, missy,' she said quickly ; t ' he's li'll Jean's cousin.' ' Tell me about them ?' t ' Dere ain't much to tell, missy,' she said slowly. ' I wish dere was mo'. Dere ain't nothin' 'tall but jess dat de li'll boys uster live here wi' ol' marster an' den when ol' master died, he let' everyt'ing to Pierre an' po' li'll Jean nothin'.' 'How long ago has that been ?' I asked. Long ago,' the old woman answered 'when de boys was li'll fellows, soon after dose pictures were painted.' ' And what has become of the boys, Aunt' Cilia ?' ' De Lawd only knows, honey,' she said earnestly. ' I wish I did. Massa Pierre, he went abroad, an' I 'spect he's livin' dere yet. It's him you rent de house from. He's got mo' houses here too what de same agent looks arter. But po' little Massa Jean, I wish I knowed where he is, po' lamb. I been tryin' all dese years to fit' out. Ff I knowed- ' The old woman paused abruptly. ' If you knew, Aunt 'Cilia,' I sug gested, ' what then ?' SNothin' honey, nothin',' remon strated the old woman hurriedly, as she left off caressing little Jean's picture and left the room. As the summer advanced it seemed to me that the flashing of the black spot in the library increased. Further, it began to follow me all over the house. I could not get away from seeing it by day or dreaming of it by night, and it flashed back and forth from Pierre's bold dark face to little Jean's pale one, and thence to the grinning Faun, till I felt at last as if it would run me wild if I could not solve its mystery. Positively the thing haunted me. One day in late summer, with the f little Amelia for company, I was walk ing along through a narrow street above Canal, 'up town,' as we had come to call it, following the fashion of our neighbours. It was hot and sultry, with not a breath of air to stir the dusty leaves that hung limp on the trees. Suddenly on the hot pavement before me, danced the black spot; then waving and skimming it rose and flashed before my eyes, blinding me. I staggered and would have fallen, but the little maid caught me. A moment later I was on the cool inside of the little shop before which we had been passing, and a kind-faced, blue- eyed, white-haired old man was bending over me, feeling my pulse. 'You became faint, is it not so, mademoiselle ?' he asked gently. 'Yes ; it is the heat, I think,' I said. SAh; yes, the heat, no doubt,' lihe said with a smile, ' and the malaria.' He gave me something to drink something that was very cool and very acid, and by and bye he called a cab and handed me into it as tenderly as if I had been achild. I glanced back at him as he stood in the little office door, and read on the window beside tihe sign painted in gilt letters, 'Doctor Jean.' W'hen I got home I was still very weak, so Amelia bIrouglht some pillows and propped me up on the leather couch in the library, because it was cooler there. Late in the afternoon, when the sun crept around that wray for a farewell touch, the little French maid, Amelia, closed the blinds, drew back the red tapestry curains, and fanned time to sleep. I must have dozed forsome time, for suddenly I awoke with a sense ofheavi ness and oppression. The black spot again dashed before my eyes, then shimmered and danced across the room till it rested, like a scar, blood red, across the face of the Faun, which in another moment fell to thie floor with a loud crash. I remember to have screamed and covered my face with my hands, and then I must have beben unconscious for a long time. When I came to myself I was in my own room, and the white-haired old man from the little uptown office was bending over me. My sunt was there, too, smiling joyously to see me coming 'round again, and Aunt Cilla was turn ing thie pillows, while thie little maid fanned. ' You are much better, mademoiselle, is it not so ?' asked the old man in his soft French. 'Have I been very ill?' I.1 asked. ' Yes, perhaps, mademoiselle.' 'Long ?' 'Three weeks.' ' And the black spot-do you know I about it ?' I asked; 'You told me while you were ill,' I the old man answered. 'But it is gone now.' t 'Tell me all about it,' I said. . ' It is a long story, and mademoiselle I is weak,' he said, gently. A story about two boys, Pierre and Jean, whose per traits you found in the little closet, and C about a will that was hidden in the 0 Faun's head, and which was not found b till that day when you were taken ill.' t I remember,' I interrupted him. sl 'The Faun's face was cleft with a blood- g red scar.' a The old man smiled. The Faun's C head had been broken,' he said, 'and tl mended again with wax. The heat of c the sun on that hot afternoon melted ti the wax and parted the old cleft. There b are red curtains to the library windows, mademoiselle; doubtless, that accounts for the blood red scar as the cast fell in two before your excited gaze.' ' But the black spot ?' I persisted. I'd 'a' told you'bout it befo', Missy honey,' said Aunt 'Cilla, 'ef Massa Piere hadn't'a'hoodooed me. I knowed 'bout it, ca'se I was here 'fo' it started. and' I heard folks what lib here talk 'bout it ever sence. iBut Massa Pierre I he hoodood me, an's I's skeered to tell. 'I dunno how con:e,' the old woman went on, 'but Massa Pierre was oi' marster's favourite. Look lack Massa' Jean was too gentle an' good fet to please him,' and Aunt 'Cilla turned her eyes humbly to the ol white-haired man beside me in a way that set me thinking. 'So ol' marster nmek a will an' lef' everything to Massa Pierre. Massa Pierre he was allus bol' an' reckless, an' one day, when I went dere in de libr'ry to tek ol' marster a cup o' coflee, Massa Pierre was dere, talking to him, an' axin' him fur money. An' some how 'nuther ol' marster wouldn't let him hab it, fn' den Piere got mad an' jerk up de big ink bottle an' dash it at marster's head. It hit him side de head, den glance and strike 'g'inst dat what you call a Faun, and' splash in de face an' break it open. D)en ol' marstcr riz upii his wrath an' he tell Massa Pierre dat he g'wine to disinherit him, 'and fur him him to leave de house. Twarn't long arter dat 'fo' marster died, an' de very day of de funeral, dess as dey's takin the corpse out, Massa Pierre cum walkin' out er de libr'ry, an' him been gone since the day marster ordered him off. He had a paper in his han' an' look like he didn't want the folks to see him, 'case he pulled me in de libr'ry an' shut de do', an' he rub a hoodoo bag on my face an' gin me the paper an' told me of I didn't 'stroy it my flesh would rot and my bones would crumble. Den he rub me wid hoodoo bag again, an' when I come to myself he's gone an' de folkses was all gone to de funeral.' ' So dat's when I cram de paper in de Faun's head an' got some wax an' stick it.togedder an' put it away in de li'll closet to keep ,Massa Pierre f'm findin' it out. Presen'ly de lawyers come an' found de will where ol' marster left everything to Pierre, an' so he took it all an' went away, an' li'll Jean he was to have nothin', and the lawyers sent him off to his ma's kins folk, an' ol' Mammy' Cilla what loved so, she never heard no mo' f'm him, po' lamb.' And again the old woman looked at the little man. 'And the paper in the Faun's head ?' I asked. ' Was the second wil,' explained the the old main, leaving everything to Jean.' ' And are you Jean ?' I asked. 'And I am Jean,' he answered gently; 'butyou must go tosleep now, mademoiselle.'-Philadelphia Times. 