The General Conference,, OPENING PROCEEDINGS. (Abbreviated from New Zealand Herald). The Eighth General Conference of the ?Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church was opened on the evening of the 10th inst. at the Pitt-street Church, Auckland. There was a Very large attendance in addition to the members of Conference. The Rev. W. Morley, the retiring President, conducted devotional exercises. RETIRING PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The Rev. W. Morley, the retiring President, delivered his address which we are sorry to be compelled to abreviate. FATHEBS AND BRETHREN OF THE MINISTRY AND LAITY. Our Book of Laws requires the retiring President of the General Conference, should he be present, to deliver an address prior to the election of bis successor. I recognise the propriety of the regulation, but I should have been unfeignedly glad, if it could have been set aside in the present instance. My , voice has frequently been heard in our New Zealand churches, and it would have been more interesting to the general public could some of our gifted brethren from Australia have spoken at length on the present occasion. I remember, too, the high character of previous inaugurals. The first elected General President, after an address of great spiritual power, moved us all to enthusiasm by a hymn or poem of of his own composition. The second, in dignified and sonorous tones, not only presented his own views, but enforced them with extracts from Borne of the masters of . English literature. Joseph H. Fletoher, the silver-tongued, in his own admirable and terse fashion, summed up the leading features of our dootrine and polity, and in most felicitous phrase, exhorted us* to hold fast the traditions of the past while adapting ourselves' to altered sooial con ditions. J. 0. Symone, with great ability and force, well stated and defended our ecclesiastical [position as one of the great Protestant Churches, while my friend, the Rev. J. B. Stephenson, gave us a most exhaustive review of the previous quad rennium in our last assembly. I cannot hope to charm you as these masters of address have done. My life is a busy one, and all that I can do is to speak straight on. A CORDIAL WELCOME. On behalf of the members and adherents of the Church in this colony it is my pleasant duty to extend to the representa tives from the other side of the Tasman Sea a cordial welcome to New Zealand. Your names are familiar to them. With your past services they are not unacquainted. They are glad now to see you 'face to face.' They will follow your discussion in this Conference with intelligent interest, and you will have the advantage of their prayerB and sympathy. It gives me special pleasure to welcome you in this city of Auckland, and in Pitt-street Church. Before New Zealand became a British possession, it was a successful mission field of the Wesleyan Church. Heroic work was done, and by the blessing of God hundreds of Maoris were turned ' from dumb idolB fn SArTA fVio liuinor onrl bno ft-rtrl ' Whn missionaries were also the first ministers of the colonists, and laid the foundations of the European Churches. Not a few of tbem gave some of their best years to Auckland. Their names are commemorated on the tablets fixed to the walls of this church, and we cherish the memory of thejr lives, and of the noble work they did. Nor do we suppose Australia has forgotten them. GROWTH OF THE CHURCH. Probably because of the great commercial depression the number of ministers has not been largely increased during the triennium. j-mu uuo agouua auuvra uuau tuoio uvko uwn a net increase of 6847 church members and 4096 catechumens, while 30,499 persons more worship in our congregations. Such returns with 204 additional churches erebted show that we are not satisfied to rest upon our oars, but anxiousjto follow the advancing tide of settlement. The colonies that show the largest additions to the number of adherents are New Zealand and WeBt Australia — the first being due in part to Methodist Union, and in part to agricultural settlement, and the second to the rich auriferous discoveries, and to the energy of our brethren there who have made splendid effortB to supply the new populations with the ordinances of religion. Lovers of missions will deplore the fact that a de clining population in Fiji necessarily pro duces a diminution of hearers, but they will see that the slight deorease there ia more than twice made up by the increase in New Britain and New Guinea, while the Tongan diserict also shows an advance of 20 per cent. Whether something cannot be done in the way of arresting the decline of native Polynesian tribes, by teaching in the sobools or elsewhere the elements of sanitation and the general laws of health, is a question well wortfiy of our attention. METHODIST UNION. Ifc is my duty to report to you what has been done in the way of carrying out the ' Plan for Methodist Union ' in these colonies, whioh the last General Conference formulated and laid down. The New Zealand Annual Conference of 1895 having before it statistics of the United Methodist Free Churches and the Bible Christian Church of the colony, and the faot that these Churches accepted the provisions of the ' Plan,' declared its willingness to con summate such union. The assent of the superior courts in. England of the two Cb.urob.e3 named having been dnly obtained, a detailed and formal agreement for the carrying out of .the same was, as directed, submitted to me on your behalf. A heavy responsibility was put upon me by the Conference to decide upon this matter. But believing that all essential interests ' were duly guarded, the ' Plan ' was not dis allowed, and by a practically unanimous vote of the district meetings of the two smaller Churches, and of the New Zealand Wesleyan Conference of 1896, . it waB re solved to carry it out- The union actually took effect in April 13 of the same year. An Act to duly vest the property was after wards obtained, and the representatives of this colony take their place in the Genera Conference to day in accordance with the modified constitution which the ' Plan of Union ' provides. In Queensland, during the triennium, the properties and congre gations of the Bible Christian Ohuroh in that colony were, by mutual arrangement, taken over bv and incorporated with the Wesleyan Church. Since then the Primi tive Methodist Conference and the Wes leyan Conference in that colony, after earnest thought and submitting the matter to a vote of their official courts, have also agreed to unite as and from the first of January next, and a ' Plan ' for carrying that out, with due recognition of the rightB and privileges of all concerned, is now under consideration, Whether any modifi cation of the general ' Plan ' prescribed three years ago is needed, and if so in what direction and to what extent such modifi cation should take place, are questions which you yourselves will determine during the present session. QUEENSLAND JUBILEE. By your appointment the opportunity was afforded me during the present year of paying a visit to the youngesc of our annual Conferences in Queensland, and taking part in the jubilee of Methodism in that large and important colony. Accompanied by gifted and eloquent colleagues, represent ing the other three annual Conferences, and thus demonstrating the interest of the whole Church in the celebration, the ap pointment was duly carried out. We rejoiced in the evidenoe presented of what has been accomplished during fifty years, we realised something of the immense territory that is under the charge of that Conference, and we thankfully recognised the faithful and unwearied efforts of the brethren there — lay and clerical — to extend our Church's borders. Personally great kindness was shown to us. As your re presentatives we were accorded a warm welcome, and greatly honoured. Probably my brethren will allow me to say on their behalf, as well as my own, that we have returned with the conviction that if any thing oan be done by the General Conference to strengthen the hands of our Queensland brethren and enable them to overtake the work that presses them on every Bide, we should promptly and cheerfully do it. LEGISLATION AND DIVINE POWER. Our work in this Conference is almost entirely legislative. By the constitution of the Church, the work of administration is committed to the Annual Conferences. This Assembly, which represents the whole of the colonies and the Mission Field of the South Seas, and is therefore the largest and most powerful ecclesiastical court in the Southern Hemisphere, has devolving upon it the duty of shaping and adapting the polity of the Churoh to the varying needs of the population in these rapidly-growing communities. No thoughtful man will be unmindful of the responsibilities that attach to us on this aocount. Nor will he be in sensible to the privileges which we possess in being able, once in three years, to make such alterations as are necessary. I am but uttering a truism when I say that the besetting sin of all legislative assemblies is a passion for making new enactments. Probably you will agree with me when I add that the endeavour to bring oar machinery to the highest state of efficiency, and thoroughly carry out the present laws, is at least equally important. In this con nection the power that moves the machinery, and the agents who are responsible for its working alike demand attention. That power whioh alone can render any ecclesi astical arrangements useful, and without whioh the more elaborate they are the more cumbrous, is the God-given power of the Holy Ghost. That Divine gift — che supreme gift of this dispensation — is available for the direction of the Church Assembly as well as for the guidance of the individual Christian. And it is ours now in all its ° fulness if we only seek the aid, and believe and claim the promises. To enlighten - men's minds, to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, to recreate them in Christ Jesus and build them up in all holiness of living, that power is as freely bestowed, and as wondrously operative, as in Apostolic ' times. FOREIGH MISSIONS. In the business to come before the Con* ferenoe that whioh will claim from us our _ best thought and deepest sympathy ib 'The Imperial Cause of Foreign Missions.' It has been our privilege to witness triumphs of the Gospel in the isles of the South Pacific* - The .evangelisation of Fiji, the Christianising of Tonga, the excellent work in Samoa, together with the successes in our newer missions of New Britain and - New Guinea, make a record for whioh we may well be thankful. With a staff that, . ' bo far as Europeans are concerned, has never been large numerically, and at & .very moderate expenditure, we have seen whole communities transformed : while the licentious and ferocious savages have not only become faithful disciples of the Lord Jesus, but earnest and faithful preachers of His Gospel. With such results it ib not creditable to the Church that there should be a debt, which damps the energies of the workers, and prevents the extension and development that are demanded. Most ' desirable is it not only that this incubus should be removed, but that by closer consideration of our duty towards the heathen, and a more thorough and a better worked organisation, we should provide an ampler revenue, and one that would enable us to take advantage of new openings in the fields we already occupy. No one who is oognisant of the ohanging conditions of life in the South Seas, and the. influences that - are now at work in the Islands, will be dis posed to think that this is a time when, we can retrench by. , reducing the number of our agents' or diminish our expenditure. Rather, if we are to do our duty, must we contemplate an effort eomewhat commen surate with the need of the thousands of Indian coolies in Fiji, and the necessary, outgrowth in New Gninea. But is this all at which we ought to aim ? In the year 1820, the late Rev. Walter Lawry— a man of mark in his time, and whose name is honourably preserved in our itinerant ranks — reported to the Rev. Samuel Leigh, the first Methodist minister in Australia and the pioneer of our Maori Mission, in the following terms: — 'This is certainly one of the most important spheres of labour under the direction of the committee. From ub in a few years I expect to Bee mission* aries sallying forth to those islands whioh spot the sea on every side of us— the Friendly Isles, the Fijis, New Hebrides, New Caledonia, New Zealand, New Georgia ; and then to the north again very contiguous to us are the islands of New Guinea, New Ireland, Celebes, Timor, ' Borneo, Gilolo, and a great cluster of, thickly inhabitated missionary fields ; but we want more missionaries.' At the Australian district meeting held in Windsor in 1827, the assembled ministers committed themselves to a statement on the subjeot whioh they affirm is ' sound in its prin- ', ciples, correct in its facts, and judicious in its suggestions.' After adverting to the beginning already made in New Zealand and the Friendly Islands they say, ' From, the stations whioh you have there taken up ? may your labourers spread themselves over the whole of that large cluster ; and thenoe ; proceeding to the Navigators, the Fijis, New Caledonia, the New Hebrides, jbhe Solomon Isles, New Britain, New Ireland, New Guinea, and numerous subordinate islands, they might reach the Carolines, the , Ladrone, the Pelew Isles, the Manillas, and the vast number of other populous islands which crowd the great Oriental Archipelago, and bring us to the frontiers of the great Chinese Empiue.' That was 70 years ago. But out enterprise still lags far behind the faith and foresight of our fathers, though the number and wealth of these colonial populations have increased t» an extent of which they did not even dream. The particular Bteps to be taken ought to be carefully and wisely planned, but I submit to your earnest consideration, whether the grace and providence of God ? do not call us, before the end of the century comes, to commence a mission among the great Asiatio populations, which are so near us, and daily coming nearer. SUPERNUMERARY FUND. Scaroely second in interest to the Foreign Missions is the Supernumerary and Ministers' Widows' Fund. 'While the one arouBes our Christian heroism, the other powerfully appealB to our sympathies. From a very early period its history the Methodist Church has made determined and gallant efforts to provide for the needs of those who spent their strength in its service. The Australasian Connection has cheerfully recognised thiB duty, and the fund established by our lathers in or about 1857 has been the pride of our Church. But its stability has within the last few years been seriously menaced. The rapid decline in the rate of interest and the losses during the finanoial crisis which all the colonies passed through, and which were unavoidable have rendered necessary a thorough exami nation of the state of the fund, and a proposal for a revision of the scale of allowances and payments. For- many years the fall pressure likely to come upon a fund of this kind was not felt. As the ministers grew older necessarily claims ' have multiplied, and we cannot expect much relief in that direction. All I suppose will now be agreed that the one thing to be done, and to be done at any cost, is to insure its soundness. If in doing this, any provision can be made for lessening the strain upon the widows, whose income must be seriously reduced, it should be cheerfully done. In other lands in addition to the prescribed payments made by ministers and ehurohes, such funds have, been strengthened by legaceis and donations. If suph help can be given here it would be raa\r ViRRfcowArL and the declining days of our veterans and their widows be brightened thereby, and 'a word to the wise is -? enough.' We shall miss in this in vestigation the clear-headedness of the Rev John Cope, who for 25 years has made the affairs of the fund a speoial study, and by his patient and able work in connection therewith ha,s made us all his debtors. Nothing but the greatest thoroughness will now be satisfactory, and it will probably be found desirable to remit the whole matter to a thoroughly representative committee for examination and report. MINISTERIAL INTERCHANGES. . Among other questions that will come before us there is one that is of considerable importance, and to whioh my own thoughts have been necessarily direoted, namely, that ot ministerial interchange between the several annual Conferences. The uonr ferenoe in Adelaide appointed a committee to arrange for and carry out such inter changes aB might be found necessary during the interval between the General Con \- ferenoes. By an oversight no means were appointed to give effeot thereto, nor was a secretary or convener appointed. Satisfied that thiB omission was accidental, after consulting with brethren in various colonies, I arranged for a method of procedure. But it has been practically inoperative. Mean time, the interest in the question has not diminished. Not a few of our moBt thought ful ministers and laymen believe that for lack of a freer interchange our power of usefulness is being lessened, and that shut up in our annual Conferences, some of us are in danger of taking a narrow parochial 1 view, instead of that broad outlook which \- those should oultivate whose jurisdiction extends over the whole of Australasia. I know what the difficulties are, and what strong arguments oan be adduced against the removal ot ministers who have made their mark in their respective colonies But the whole is greater than its part and I should be unfaithful to my con victions were I not to avow that it is my deliberate judgment that in the highest interests of the churoh, to preserve our one ness of feeling and aim, and to strengthen the connexional bonds, such removals are absolutely. necessary. Particularly desirable do they seem to be in the case of the men who are growing up amongst us, and who are either natives of the colony where they exercise their ministry or spent their boyhood there. Removal to another oolony would in such a case widen their field of observation, give them opportuni ties of seeing more than one type of Methodism, and so render them capable of better service. The General Conference has undoubtedly the power to effect such inter changes. We enter the ministry, not of this or that colony, but of the Australasian YTTaal j.«»M IVTnll* *» j3 « n 4- f\ V»M MA 1* O »1 j3 ' 4- li t\ *V* «- V* VVaaloyau ixicbuuuiob viiuluu, nuu iud uinu amongst us who can devise a plan for giving effeot to what so many in our Church desire will deserve our thanks. ENGLISH METHODIST LAWS. I venture with some diffidence the sugges tion that we might with advantage incor porate in our book of laws some recent legislation of the British Conference. We are an absolutely independent Church. In some respects our surroundings differ from those of the fatherland. But there are common needs of Methodism all the world over, and we show our wisdom in adopting regulations the practical character of which -has com mended them to the leaders of the Churoh in England. Various additional interests which should be represented in our synods and some provision for the trial of those holding official positions among us (should such unhappily become necessary) may be taken as illustrations of what I mean. Should it be thought wise to take the matter up, it will probably be found desir able, instead of doing it hastily in the present session, to apppoint a committee who would examine and report. Whether such a committee might not improve the phraseology of some of Borne of our present rules, and also reduce their bulk they too will determine. USE OF THE PRESS. We all rejoice in the excellent work being put into our connexional papers. The Metlwdist, the Spectator, the Christian Weekly, the Advocate, the Methodist Leader, and the Goldfields Methodist are indispensable to the efficient working of the Church, and we should be glad to Despeak for them a much larger subscription list. But Australian Methodism has at present no intercolonial medium of communication. Jn these papers, which are chiefly for the circulation of news, it would be impossible to find space for lengthy articles. Yet there are subjects that ought to be discussed, and on which a healthy public opinion should be created. Political- eccesiastical questions orop up from time to time, theological and doctrinal subjects call for remark. The trend of thought in philosophy has a close bearing on religion. We should . keep our selves in touch with scientific research. Social questions require thought and de mand expression. We have men among us who oan disouss them with ability and moderation. They wield facile pens and have the power of expression. Whether the time has oome for an Australasian Methodist Review, and if so how it should be established are points worthy of con. sideration. CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR SOCIETIES. Looking beyond on denominational boun daries there are two great movements which enlist our warmest sympathies, and will secure from us cordial support. The Christian Endeavour organisation is pre eminently one of the times. That in 16 years over 50,000 Booieties have been established, that it moves among 40 different denominations, prints its pledge in 40' different languages, and has 3,000,000 of members enrolled, are tacts which show that it has both vitality and popularity. A very pleasing feature of its working is the way in which it has brought all the Protes tant Churches into line. In some it has been distinctly fostered, and the sooieties, while gladly olaiming comradeship with allies from all other Churches, appear as a solid denominational phalanx. In others, with scanty official recognition, it has become a potent factor in the Ghuroh life. As Methodists we rejoice in it because it emphasises the need of Christian fellow ship, and distinctly provides for the expression of religious experience, while many of its methods of service are but the formulated embodiment of what has been done informally in our best churches from the beginning. Its uses are only in the initial stage, but meantime we rejoice that in the number of societies of Australasia, Methodism is in the van. THE STUDENTS' CHRISTIAN UNION. The World's Student Christian Federation, the associated form which the Students' Christian Union of various lands and different languages has taken, is another and most hopeful outcome of the past few years. That the students of colleges and high schools the world over should unite in any form of Christian activity is a sign that is full of promise. The motto of the Federation, ' The Evangelisation of the world in the present generation,' is a noble one, and one which all who believe in evangelical Arminianism will heartily en dorse. No class of persons know better what this involves than the young men and women who constitute its membership. Their rules compel them to familiarise themselves with the difficulties of the problem, and the training they receive oonstrains them to put into this work the same thoroughness that they do into secular studies. The dense populations of non Christian lands, the forms of thought and philosophy that prevail there, and the points of contact and repulsion whioh false religions have with Christianity are all included in their programme. They know that the work to be undertaken is not child's play — that it means toil of brain and travail of soul— that it involves risk of health, and may mean the sacrifice of life itself. They are aware that devotion to this task will neither bring the pecuniary reward nor the scholastic honours which ordinary employ ment offers. But the attraction of Christ's cross is so pow eriul that the most vigorous and attractive part of the union is seen in ' the student volunteer movement for Foreign Missions.' ' Since its organisation this has already been taken up in 600 American colleges, where 4000 volunteers have been enrolled, and of these one fourth are already in the field. In Great Britain, in the older universities and the new, and in the theological colleges, it has also taken root. 1300 have joined the membership, and 300 of these have already commenced actual work. Each of these 5000 and more, be ic remembered, has signed this declaration: 'It is my purpose, if God permit, to become a missionary.' What mighty spiritual force is in all this we hardly yet fully realise, but oertainly it will go a long way to fulfil their own purpose and 'make Jesus King.' That the movement is an active one in these colonies, 1 for one am heartily glad. The wisdom shown by its promoters in not seeking to weaken denom inational attachments, but to leave each member free to accept the service whioh his own Church offers is a further element of strength, and worthy of commendation. The outoome of it surely ought to be a large increase of the missionary spirit in the Churohes generally. When young men and young women whose minds are disciplined by study, and who have counted the cost, are thus offering to go anywhere to preach the Gospel, we may well expect that those who cannot go themselves, but have the means at disposal, will freely place it in the hands of the missionary coui mitteeB, that theBe as their representatives may be sent forth. It does seem that the Pentecostal blessing is coming upon us. Our 'young men (and young women) ' dream dreams ' of a regenerated earth, and of the universal reign of righteousness, and as they go forth to aid in the realisa tion, saying, ' One is our Master, even Christ, and all we are brethren,' they will have the prayers and benison of all who pray ' Thy kingdom come.' THE CHURCH'S PRESENT OPPORTUNITY. Our territory as represented in thiB Con ference is immense, and the populations in the midst of whioh we work are rapidly in creasing. The Methodists of eight colonies in the Southern world look to us for inspira tion and guidance, and the successful missions in four groups of islands are in terested in our discussions. Since the first Australian Conference was held in 1855, the population of the colonies has increased more than seven-fold, and their possessions have multiplied even faster. With our rapidly-growing cities, and the ever widening spread of our rural settlers, problems of Church life confront us of whioh our fathers knew very little. Careful observers know that work among city populations is the . most difficult of all. Our cities are the Sebastopol fortresses which the Christian armies must invest. They cannot be taken with a rush. How rightly to do the social work that it is the province or the Christian Churoh to under take, and at the same time maintain un impaired the spirituality of our efforts, are questions which press for solution In our country distriotB there are evidences that the wide circuits of English Rural Methodism cannot be reproduced in their entirety in these Southern lands. What changes in our economy are necessary to accomplish what is requisite and urgent in city and country, it is our duty thoughtfully to consider. We have an ecolesiastioal constitution whioh is of the freest. Elected by our brethren, there is in this Conference absolutely no question as between the votes of ministers and laymen. Each have the same right to propound their views, each the same privilege of voting. While the great responsibility suggests caution, the opportunity ought to inspire boldness ; ana if we are convinced that any part of our Church machinery needs to be' set aside or replaced, we should resolutely set our selves to the adaptation. CONFERENCE PROCEDURE. May I say one Word as to our procedure in the Conference itself. We know no party in this supreme court of our Church. The ', work we have in hand is too sacred for party considerations I trust we shall not allow mere colonial boundaries to influence us too much in our deliberations. There ia~ an ever present danger in free parliaments like our own, and in a Churoh assembly the danger is intensified. We have most of us strong and definite conviotions on the subjects that come before us. Holding these with tenaoity, there is a possibility ,that in the ardour of debate we should sometimes cast doubt on the sincerity of our opponents, or in our eagerness to oarry a measure we think desireable that we Bhould be unduly insistent. Is not the remedy for this to be found in a constant recognition of the presence of the Great Head of the Church ? Shall not we do well also distinctly to seek' the guidance of the Holy Spirit, who is promised ' to guide into all the truth ? ' In our personal prayers we shall seek that guidance. If the first half-hour of the morning session could be devoted to united pleading, it would be of benefit to us all. May God, our own God, send us His blessing, bo that in the' days to come, thiB Conference may be distinguished in our Church history as one that inaugurated a new era of spiritual power, leading to greater triumphs of the Gospel than any we have yet known. Election of President. The Conference then proceeded to the election of President, it being stated that all the ministers present were eligible. The Rev. W. W. Rutledge and Mr. Coltman were apprinted scrutineers. On completing the count, the retiring President announced that the Rev. H. T. Burgess (8.A/ had been elected by 74 votes (applause), the next in order being the Rev. George Lane (N.S.W.) who received 23 votes. Several other ministers received two votes and one vote each. On proceeding to take tbe chair the President-elect was again warmly ap plauded. The Eetiring President said the Con ference by its large and hearty vote had simply carried out what was expected. The President-elect had served the church in South Australia signally and well for 38 years, and bad also helped in the General Conferences not only as a member, but as an offioer, especially at the last two Con ferences. Of his own personal indebtedness he (the Bev. Mr. Morley) need not speak then. He then presented the symbols of office, and prayed that God's blessing might reBt upon the new President. The President said he had not been entirely unprepared for what bad occurred ; his brethren had taken care of that. Happily he was not expected to give an address on that occasion ; the com prehensive and exhaustive address they had just heard sufficed for that even ?'??' ing in its review of the past and its suggestions for the future. There came to his (the speaker's) heart and lips, ' What am I, O Lord God, and what is my father's house, that Thou hast brought me hither to?' And gratitude was all the greater because in Methodism he had no father's house. He had given bimself to Christ mainly through the influence of a pious father and a mother whose angelic tempera ment he waB afraid had not been inherited by him. He had not gone into tbe Methodist Church in the regular way, but he had early come to the conclusion that the polity of the Methodist Church was distinctly in harmony with the polity of the early Church, aB laid down in the Acts of the ApostleB, and he believed in the aoripturalness of the Methodist doctrine and discipline. He was not bo egotistic as to suppose that in electing him President the individual had been in the minds of the members of the Conference; they had desired to do honour to the colony he represented, and the Conference had not been precipitate in doing it. The type of ^Methodism in South Australia was about aB fairly energetic as anywhere. Terri torially, South Australia had the largest ? Conference in Australasia ; some of its distances were magnificent, and they touohed all the other Australian colonies. South and West Australia to gether occupied a very big area. It was a country of great possibilities. In South Australia WeBleyan Methodists numbered one in six of the population, and when the \- union of the Churches came about, whioh was expected, they would be one in four — {applause)— so that Methodism had taken strong hold. Then, too, there was the remarkable fact that the eolony was not ?the child of any. other, and the first Metho dist immigrants came from the old country while their first minister was apparently flent.them by Providence, for he was ship wrecked there. In the very midst of depressed times Methodism had retained its hold. In conclusion, he hoped the blessing of God would rest on that Conference. WELCOME TO AUCKLAND. While the votes for the new President were being- counted. The Rev. W. J. Williams tendered a warm welcome to the members of tbe Con ference from all Auckland people. A depu tation from the Auckland Ministers' Association would be also pleased to wait on the Conference. Arrangement bad been made for the members to lunch to gether in the Wesley Hall, and it was hoped all possible would so meet. The committee of the Auckland Bowling Club invited the members to bowls or tennis during their stay. - ELECTION OF SECRETARIES, ETC. The Eev. George Lane was then elected secretary, and briefly expressed his acknow ledgements. The Rev. Rev. H. Boll (N.Z.)- Mr. Robson (N.S.W.) were appointed assistant secretories. The Rev. W. Dinning (Q.) was appointed journal secretary. THANKS TO THE EXPRESIDENT AND SECRETARY. The Rev. J. Woolnough congratulated the new President on his election. He had the confidence and esteem of all. The speaker then. moved, 'That the Conference records its Bense of indebtedness to the ex-President (the Rev. W. Morley) for the service he has rendered to the Connexion, and the fidelity with which he has discharged the duties of his office since the last General Conference ; the Conference also presents its thanks to the Rev. W. Morley for the able, compre-. hensive, and timely address delivered by him at the opening session of thisConlerencej and requests that he will arrange for its publication in permanent form.' So far as any man bad had, or could have of knowledge of Methodist polity, constitution of its law and fidelity in administering these, had been illustrated in the exPreBi dent. Mr. T. Vasey seconded. The proposition was carried unanimously and with applause. The ex-President, in expressing his acknowledgments, bore testimony to the unvarying kindness he had received from the ministers and laymen of the church It had been his privilege to visit most of the Conferences in an unofficial way, and he had always received the greatest possible kindness. There was the heartiest loyalty to the church and its institutions. He then moved, ' That the cordial vote of thanks cf the Conference be presented to the retiring secretary, the Rev. T. Burgess, for the painstaking, thorough, and eminently satisfactory manner in which he has dis oharged the duties of his office.' Mr. Nock seconded. This was carried by acclammation and duly acknowledged. GENERAL. It was agreed that the standing orders of the last Conference be those for the present one. The hours of session were fixed at from 9.30 a.m. to 12.45 p.m. ; from 2 to 5 p.m., and from 7 to 9 p.m. Mr. C. W. Priest and Mr. W. F. Brownell were appointed precentors. It was agreed to admit the public to the Conference except at such times when it decided to sit with closed doors. The New President. We give a biographical sketch of the new President of the General Conference, the Rev. Henry Burgess, of South Australia, and who is labouring in one of the Adelaide circuits. Mr. Burgess was born in 1839, and came out to Adelaide from the mother country in 1848. He has lived in South Australia ever since. Mr. Burgess became a member of the Wesleyah Methodist Church at the age of 17, and was employed in Sunday-school work. He subsequently beoame a looal preacher, and entered the ministry in 1859, thus having tbe excellent record of having been 38 years in the ministry. During that period he has occupied some of the principal churches in and around Adelaide, besides having charge of some of the most important country circuits. He has been president of the Conference of South Australia on two different occasions — the first in 1886 and the second in 1890. That office includes the hon. presidency of Prince Alfred College, one of the largest and most successful educational institutions in Aus tralia, For a number of years he was editor of the Church W eeJcly and Methodist Journal, the denominational organ of South Australia. Mr. Burgess was also for several years Home Missionary Seoretary, and he iheld many other connexional offices. In addition to his clerical work he has also contributed largely articles on special topics to the daily press. He won the Howard Smith prize of JJ50 for an essay on ' The Growth of Commerce in Australia,' and also a £50 prize offered by the Centennial Year Book on ' The Future Position of Australiajamong Nations.' Mr. Burgess also won a .£100 prize for an essay on ' Tbe Fruit of the Vine,' offered by the Total Abstinence League. He carried off the Frazer prize for an essay on 'AgnoBtic- ism.' He has done a good deal of literary work of a general oharacter, one of his latest publications just come out from England being on ' Tbe Relation of the Children to the Church.' In 1890 he- was elected seoretary of the General Conference which was held that year in Sydney, and was elected to the same office in 1894 at the Adelaide Conference. He has been a prominent advooate in the question of Methodist Union for many years. Mr. Burgess is also a strong temperance man, and equally strong for scriptural instruction in the State schools. He has taken an active interest in the Christian Endeavour movement, having been president of tbe South Australian Union in 1894. He is a married man with a large family. The election of Mr. Burgess has been a foregone conclusion for some time, partly because hitherto the South Australian Conference has not been honoured in this way, and partly because among the men of mark in Australian Methodism, it is generally agreed no one is more fitted for the high position than the Rev. H. T. Burgess. He iB a fluent and for- . -7 oible speaker. He is understood to possess a thorough knowledge of Methodist law and usage, and has secured the confidence of the whole Church by his ability and hie fidelity in every position which he has hitherto filled. This position is the highest in the gift of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church, and the present occupant of the chair will undoubtedly sustain the ' high reputation he has hitherto secured in ' other departments of service, and will ' maintain the prestige of his exalted position. The New General Secretary. The newly-elected General Seoretary of the Conference, the Rev. George Lane (New South Wales), is a native of Fitchin, Eng land, and is the son of a Baptist minister. He joined the Wesleyan Methodist Church at an early age, and was received into the ministry in 1864. Mr. Lane has travelled \ in the most important circuits in New South ^ Wales, 'for six years for the sustentation fund, and for several years was seoretary of the Conference of that colony, and oresident X ?' . of the New South Wales Conference in 1888, centennial year of New South Wales. He is a man of excellent bnsineBs ability, and is well fitted to discharge the duties of the office to which he has just been appointed. 