THE HAUNTED MINE, ? (Fob ' The Tocsin.'') Thirty years ago. a miner and his wife lived iu a slab hut on the diggings at Mount Pleas int. The once busy scene where a thousand men had worked like ants was now abandoned. The men were gone, and only their burrows in the earth were left, like the passages in an anthill ; the ground was corridor'd with shafts and. drives. The men were gone — all but one. He had taken to himself a wife, and had built a hut ; and there he stayed, earning the precarious wages as a fossicker, which wages consist chiefly of fatuous hopes. As last, however, he succeeded in inspiring a Ballarat syndicate with his own faith in the workings, and a claim was pegged out. Then Marshall began mine extensive explorations in a net work of drives, looking for more opportunities for syndicates. One day he got into a section he had sever entered before,, and he lost liis way and went tramping around as if he were astray in the ^catacombs. At last he found daylight five hun dred yards from the shaft he had entered.' He made up his mind to climb up to the surface. Shafts made by miners in a small way have f jot-rests down each of two sides, dug into the earth. In climbing, you put your foot into one on one side, and into the .ne- it higher up on the other side, and so on. Marshall placed his foot, in the first rest on one side, and, placiug his weight thereon, was about to mount to the next, rest, when the earth cracked and fell in a mass upon him. He was not killed on the spot, but was able in a feeble voice to cry for help. He was found under singular circumstances, as. it afterwards appeared, but by the time he was taken out he was dead. One day, shortly after this occurrence, when the syndicate had taken possession, I was down the mine working in one of the drives s retching towards the shaft where John Marshall, was killed. It was a wild day, with the wind whilsting and wailing in the rain. Down the mine, even, the air was full of curious whisperings ; the drives opened out so often on to shafts, and the wind blew into theses as into pan-pipas — there was a rustle in the air that made the candles give a more than unusually uncertain light, and the damp clayey walls of the drive glistening everywhere with moisture ; every corner seemed, to be prepared for ghosts and evil spirits. I was at work timbering the drive, and was just thinking of leaving my work, when I heard a voice say, with shrill distinctness — 'John Marshall!' I turned in fright to whence the sound came (again to wards the place of the fatal accident), and I heard the cry repeated ; but this time I noticed that it was rather a shriek, than a call. In timbering, your hammer strokes- must be rum and sure, so I left work and went where another man was at work, and called him to me. I asked him to. listen. In less than a minute there came down through the blackness the shriek — 'John Marshall ! John Marshall !' The man dropped his shovel and said he couldn; wait, and was off like a shot down the drive. At any rate, I shouted to him, ' Send sojiajne else !' This he did not fail to do, as he met the manager at the face of the mine, and was forced to explain his scared manner. ! The manager hurried down bearing a stock of candles, He sought me out, and I was hurriedly explaining to him. when. T was interrupted by the1 same scream - 'John Marshall ! John Marshall !' We ran as quickly as we could with safety towards the spot. There, around the scene of the fatal accident, we searched and listened. We looked up the deserted shafts, but we only saw the daylight and the outlines of the 'ferns which, grew horizontally from the sides of the shafts. But when we would return to the drive I had been working in, as clear and distinct as a nightmare would cams the shriek — 'John Marshall!' Most of the men declared that it was death to stay ia such a place — they had their families to think of, and they had to leave, but a watch was maintained till the second day. On that day the mysterious sounds were repeated once or twice, but every attempt, whether by waiting among the drives or rushing in suddenly when the screams came, was unsuccessful. That Christmas night 30 years ago everything was still ;? the clayey walls echoed feebly our steps, the light of our candles danced in the ooze on the walls, we spoke in subdued t.nnPB Thp. a-nxifif.v had mn.dfi thtt mannupv nnrl ms» t.irorl onrl weary; our steps, our appearance, our thoughts were anxious and dispirited. VVe went through the drives again, throwing the light into the nooks and crannies we knew so well by this time. But as yet no cry of ' John Marshall' had reached us. Suddenly, in turning a sharp corner, the manager's candle discovered an object on the floor. He gave a cry of surprise. I ran forward and saw a white cockatoo lying dead on the ground. That was all — that was the ghost — and it was starved to death. It turned out that it had been a great pet of John Marshall's, and was used to seeing him and playing with him every day. It was the cockatoo that, in Us travels, heard him moaning at the bottom of the shaft, and it was through its means that John Marshall was found in the first place, but the cockatoo became lonely and,, apparently, at last convinced that it would find John Mar shall where it found him before. Beneath the spreading bamboos the conversation drifted to water supply. It was claimed for Glasgow that it had the best system in the world, the Loch Katrine water being so pure that it would not mix with whisky, and the whisky therefore had to be drunk neat. For London it was urged that Thames water had the property of settling itself. Thus a glass of Thames would separate into water and etcetras. The water coulcl be drunk, and the sediment used as a fer tiliser for French beans. What could be said for Melbourne 1 — only that Yan Yean is at once meat and drink to the weary wayfarer. Then there was told the story of the Ballarat Rumour, which depicted a Chinaman committing suicide in the Gong Gong.. The local public immediately took the pledge against water, so probably it was, as alleged, the brewers who invented the rumour. Who else would be re sponsible for that corroborative detail which gave artistic similitude to the narrative— namely, that Someone had found a long finger-nail in his cup of tea ? 