HETEHEE WIDOW EOB WIPE, By M. E. O. MALEN, Author of ' A Daughter of the Philistines,' 'For Her Sake,' 'Only a Heathen,' 'The Stolen Will,' 'Two Countesses,' 'The Shadow Hand,' ' Esther,' ' Greville's Wife,' [COPTBIGHT ] Chapter XXIX.— The Vujlet - f the Shadow. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AKBAKGEMEST. Lois took faer lecture from Willie very meekly, and Dromised faithfully never to transgress again. 'But you see,' she said, with perfect candour, ' I was obliged to bid him good bye, and it was impossible for him to come to the bouse.' ' I should think it was,' retorted Willie ' Pater would show him the way out pretty quickly, if he did. Look here, Lois, you wouldn't marry him after all that has happened ? We should all disown you if yon did. ' 'I daresay I ahoold manage to survive your displeasure,' she ans-vered coldly. ' It isn't that that would deter me.' 'Wbetthen?' ♦ ' Two or three things that concern myself alone. I never intend to have another hus band, but I do intend to have my liberty. And after all if I go ont every night, and all night, it is no one's affair bat my own.' Willie whistled plaintively. Lois had got the bit between her teeth, as he confided to Kitty later, and there was no managing her ' Anyhow,' he said, ' don't call me np in the middle of the night again, and expect me to humbug the pater, because I won't, that's* alL' ' Then don't,' she answered angrily, and walked to the door with slow state, bat reaching it, came running back, and threw her arms round Willie's neck. ' Don't be cross to me,' she sobbed out. ' I am so very miserable. May yon never know how terribly hard it u sometimes just to do your duty.' Willie was melted in a moment, and like wax in her hands, bat she made no bad use of her power. She only wanted a kiss, and a word of frir^n^*t from him, and having these she asked for nothine more. But Willie was rather grumpy for the rest of the day -he felt such a fooL He knew that he was always at a disadvantage in arguing with Lois, and of course he never guessed, what moat of ns find out Booner or later, that the simplest girl has a wisdom beyond oar wisdom when once she loves, and that a kiss has sometimes twice the force of a blow. Lois did not want to go out again at night ; after Captain Crawford's letter it would have been impossible, even if her own experiences had not been so deterring, but nothing that Willie could have urged would have had any effect on her resolution, if the had not bad powerful reasons of her own for abstaining. Besides, in any case she had never intended to ran the riBk asecond time. One interview had seemed to her excusable, even proper, under the circumstances. But another would have been a grievous mistake. She would never have appointed a meeting at all, only that she had done him a great wrong, and was bound to make some atonement, and the pro position die had to make required all the influence of her words and presence to take any suspicion of offence oat of it. Bat of course she should never see Captain Crawford again, forconscience'SBake; Willie's objections had nothing to do with the question, only 6he must be left to go her own way in peace. The only thing left now to make the long, lonely future bearable was liberty. Captain Crawford had bidden her be care ful never to go alone into the distant hues, or on the common, and, above all things, not to be ont after dark, and in her farewell letter to him she had promised to follow his wishes. But she would not give np her walks and visits to the village, though she re solved that if detained any time sbe would have someone to take her home. If she were by a sick-bed she coold not always leave abruptly, but there was generally some respect able man in the family who was glad to earn an unexpected shilling, and so she was never at a loss for an escort. It was about three days after her meeting with Captain Crawford that, as she came out of a cottage one afternoon, she came suddenly upon Mrs. Bricton. Mr. Duncombe had written to the captain of the .coast- guards for her, and bad received a courteous promise that the matter should be investigated, but be had no reason to suppose that there was anythingwrong. Bcittoawas .. uoardH.M^S. Orpheus, cruising round the Irish coast, it being the rule for them to paw three mouths ont of every year at sea, but he would tele graph to the captain, and let Mrs. Britton know if it were all right. This was how the matter rested for the moment, and therefore Lois hurried for«ard to meet her as soon as sbe aaw her cotnlag. Mrs. Britton'si-xe was disfigured from cry ing, her lips quivering, and she broke down directly she saw Lois. '* They can't bear anything of poor Jim, ma'am,' she sobbed out. 'He asked for a day'sleave, thecaptainsays, and has never been seen or beard of since. They thought be had got drunk, perhaps, and been in a row, and was perhaps at the lock-up when the ship left port, and would turn op one day. Aa if Jim erer did get drank, or was quarrelsome, ma'am. I daresay they meant to save me, as they say, but I've suffered more than if they had told me the troth at once. They say he isn't drowned, they're sure, and may be lying ill and insensible at Plymouth, and so I'm going off this very night to look for him. I lon't mind what I spend, or what I do if I find htm at last.' Lois brought oat her pane directly. ?? You muat let me help you,' she said, and put three sovereigns into Mrs. Britton's hand with a Lind smile. 'You will have great expenses, I am afraid.' 'Yes. ma'am. I know, but Fve saved a little for when the baby cornea, and that will have to go.' ' Yon will be taken care of at that time, never fear,' Lois said, encouragingly. And if tbe worst has really happened yon will not be left utterly destitute, remember.' 'I never trouble about that, ma'am. I have been thinking if Jim, not of myself, all this time. Fd rather live on sixpence a day and keep him than have hundreds and hundreds without him.' ' Let ns hope you will get him back,' Lois said. For she knew that it wax necessary for tbe poor creature to keep up her spirits when starting on such an errand. *' Yon had better go to the hospital first of all, I should think, and then to the police station, where they will give you full directions. And Godspeed you,' she concluded gently, holding out her hand. The woman shook it gratefully and respect fully, and was turning away, bill-blinded by her tears, when she suddenly stood atalL apd began to tremble. ' There's that man again,' ahe said. ' I can't think what he wants here.' Lois turned curiously, and saw a tall coast guard, with black hair and beard and a pale face, sneaking away down the lane. He mart have come from the meadow behind, the decided, as be had not passed them, and then was something so furtive in his manner, he excited attention on that account, and ahe asked Mrs. Britton if she knew anything about him. ' No, ma'am, except that he isn't stationed anywhere along here. He's frightened my ISe nearly out of me again and again, peering in at the windows and hraging' round the place at nights, just like a ghost. At first Tinea to take him for Jim, and run out to meet him. 1 had my arms almost round bis neck once, and he laughed in such a horrid jeering way he tamed me quite cold.' ' Perhaps he isn't a coastguard after aU,' observed Lois, remembering Captain Craw ford's adventure. ' I don't think he'd dare wear the uniform if be wasn't, ma'am,' ahe answered promptly. But it wss clear that the idea took root in her mind, for she looked specalatirely after the retreating figure for a few sponnds, and then added : 'He doesn't walk like a seaman either. My Jim has such a roll with him,' and her eyes glistened fondly through their tears. Lois watched him ux-, and mnHrions of their scrutiny, be assumed a nautical roll now, but exaggerated it, of course in a way that would have deceived no one. '* Oh, ma'am, he's coming back,' whispered Mrs. Britton, as he turned. 'What shall we dor *' How do you mean, what shall we do?' * returned L is, with an assumption of indifference the did not exactly feel. ' Stay where ire are and let him pass as. There is a man working in the Vicarage garden we can call to if he threatens or aunoys us.' But the pretended coast-guard, if so he ra, had no such intention evidently. He passed vithin ten yards of the two women, and stared bard at Lois, then went on towards the meadow again, leapt the style, and walked away at a brisk pace. Jip was violently agitated, not liking the look of him evidently ; and Lois had to take him up in her arms, or he would have gone off ' Yoa foolish little dog,' she said raressing him. ' I believe yon think you are as big as a mastiff, and could tear that man to pieces ! I don't like the look of him myself, and you are much better ont of hlB way.' But for once the ' voice of the charmer' had no effect, for Jip continued to struggle, and even licked her band pleadingly, as if praying to be let down. But she held him fast and made much of him, and at last be quieted down. But bis little experience seemed to have sobered him, and even when he was trotting along soberly at her heels, he turned several limes and looked wistfully back towards the meadow across which the coast-guard had disappeared. Mrs. Britton returned from Plymouth at the end of three days quite broken-down and discouraged, having discovered no trace of her missing husband, and it was, perhaps, a good thing for her that his successor was going to be married, and wanted the house. He would have bought her furniture at a valuation, bat sbe would not hear of this. ' They shall not say I so soon made up my mind to do without him, that I sola the home ever bis head,' she said to Lois, with a burst of passionate tears. 'Hell come to mother's to fetch me, I know j because he always tola me that if anything happened to him I was to go to her, and I always leave a light in the nindow, ma'am, ail used to do when he was on duty, so that it shouldn't look dark and lonesome-like when he come in.' This tender devoLlon always touched Lois greatly, and she was careful not even to hint that there was no hof.^ of Jim's ever turning up now. If she could ouly think of him as alive until her trf-uble iras over, she would have a better comforter then than any they eonld find her. One evening — an evening Lois would re member all her life, with a »f'k™g he-art— old Mrs. Trotwood, Mr*. Britton's mother, came over to the Manor House, and asked if Bhe conld see her. DuncombeB^Jd rather impatiently : ?* What a-u extraordinary time to come 1 Yon are spoiling these people, Lois.' 'I expect Mrs, ftritton is very ill, papa. I toM her I would go to her if she were.' ** Bat not at i-.hfa hoar of the night, sorely,' he answered, deprecitingly. ' At any hour,' she answered, in that new tone of decision that always silenced her father 'Joyce can walk behind me, and wait to bringme home.** 'Yes, pray tak« Joyce— or wonld you rather that I went?' returned Mr Duncombe, politely. 'Oh, no*, indeed, thank you, you would make your cold worse. Joyce is a Btrong young woman, and will take do harm. But perhaps I mayn't bave to go.' However, when ahe got into the ball, and found poor old Mrs Trotwood trembling and crying she knew the worst even before ahe questioned her. Her daughter's child had been borne dead two hoars before, and Jessie her self was tanking test, the other told her as well as ahe conld speak. 'She knows now, ma'am,' she says, that Jim is dead,' continued Mrs. Trotwood, ' and as he has got the boy he must need her too. Bat she wanted so much to say good-bye to you, and thank you for all your goodness to her, t couldn't help coming, although I am afraid I am taking a great liberty.' ' £ can't think of anytMng that would have hurt me more than not to have been fetched, Mrs. Trotwood, for I promised Mrs. Brittou, as you know.' ?' Yea, ma'am, that's what she said. Still, it'd a bitter night for you to go ont in.' ' Why* since you can. come,' said Lois, and and tremulous, ahe went to fetch her a glass of wine, and made her drink that whilst she waa patting on her things. Mn. Dancombe followed her into the bail, andiielped to wrap her op, and suddenly dis covering (she would not have noticed a thing like tins in days gone by) that Mrs. Trotwood wsa not Bicfficientiy clad, sent for a far-lined *?! na.fr of her own, and rnaJp her put it on. M And, mind, it is not to be returned,' she said. ' I have a new one, and do not need this.' They were all so good u- her, even Willie and Kitty, the poor old sool said afterwards, she might have been a duchess. The young gentleman himself took her glass from her, and Miss Kitty bad big tears in her bright eyes as she opened the door for her to go ont, and whispered, 'Bid Mrs. Britton good-bye for me. £ am bo very sorry for you both,' Then Lois passed ont, with the trembling bent figure behind her, and Joyce, tall, young, and strong, bringing np the rear. The bitter wind smote them in the face, and got entangled amongst their skirts, and did all an arroguit nortfi-euter conld to binder them, bat they poshed on in spite of it, and Lois was glad to see that Joyce gave her A couple of neighbours were taking care of Mrs. Britton daring her mother's absence, but the sick woman had evidently been listening eagerly for their footsteps in the lane, for they heard her call ont as soon as they entered the cottage : ' It that you, mother? There's more than one step,' v-istfclly. _ ** Yes, dear ; the lady ia come.' 'I knew she would,' came faintly, bat triumphantly. ' Please be quick. ' Lois knew why she had told her mother to be quick when Bhe caught sight of -the poor, peaked face, on which the gray thadow of death bad settled. The eyes were already dim, bnt they brightened as Lois appeared eagerly. Lois had made Joyce bring a bullet with brandy, tea. Brand's essence, and two or three other things which she could get at i-i a harry, and which she thought would be r^efol in a sick room, and she gave her at occe a little of the meat jelly, and tome of the stimulant. A flash went over her pallid features, and she revived suddenly, and sat upright. ' Jim is gone, ma'am ; did they tell you ?' she »aid, in a strong, excited voice. 'And 00 U baby, and I chill jam them before the night is over. What is the use of living when yon have nothing to live for ? Jim and me loved each other as little children, and every year we got more and more to each other ; and I am sure he wouldn't have cared to stay here withoat me either, would he ♦' ' Perhaps not. Still, it is your duty to try and live, Mrs. Britton — and then yon don't even know for certain that he is gone, do yon f ' Yes, am.'*m, now. This morning early 1 was sitting by the kitchen fire, whilst mother was ont, and the coast-guard v.e saw yesterdav came tod pat his head in at the door and'eaid, civil-Uke, ' Don't be frietiiened, missis. I shan't do you any barm. I'vecoofe to tell you something about Jim/ ' I was across the kitchen in oi.e spring! crying, ' What about Jim ?' and rr- atif to tear the answer ofi his tongue. ' 'No good news,' he says, shakier his head very solemn-like. * Only I have never been able to get my heart high enough to teU you. I am afraid yon must give op all hope of seeing him again,' I don't know where the courage came from, but I said at once, ' Then he is dead '-' * Yes, missis, he's dead.' 1 How do you know ?' I asked. 4 1 saw him drown.' * And yon never tried to save him V I Bays. 'Oh, yes, I did ; but he must have been hurt, I think, for he went down like a dog, and never rose again. However, it may be a comfort to you to know that he had a beaatifnl faneraL Good-day, ma'am. I'm Borry I hadn't do better news for you ;' and whilst I stood Btaring stupidly at the door, the sunshine was in my face again, and he was gone, 'I believe I fell then and injured myself ; but I don't remember much more except that at about four o'clock baby was born, and that I just beard a cry that set my heart beating through all my faintness, and then all was silent again, and they told me he was dead. But it was natural Jim should be wanting hitn, and he knew I should be going soon. Only I wish we could lie together, ma'am.' ' m see about that lira. Britton, I promise you. The coast-guard knows where your husband iB buried. If £ can find him I will nave the body brought here to Graydon chnrcfayard, that yon and he may be together in death.' Mrs. Britton seized Lois's hand md raised it to her lips. *' You are bo good, she murmured. ** Yon leserve to be happy. And you will be happy,' die added, with an assurance that sounded [ike prophecy. 'You think of others, and so 5od will think of you.' She fell back on the pillow with Lois's hand rtiU in here, and the gray shadow swept the lush off her face, and crept into her eyes hgain. They gave her a little more stimnla&t;, tat ehe only came back long enough to bid them good-bye and smile. After that she lay stiU, and Lou prayed for the parting soul, ind she seemed to hear, for she smiled again, ind tried to repeat faintly, *? Our Father,' but waa too weary to aad any more, and just sighed a little and died. Lois hadsent the twowomen into the kitchen to make themselves Borne tea, and they were dozing over the fire now, but they robbed their eyes and stood up when she went in, and she asked them to go at once to Mrs. Irotwood, and help her with the last sad offices, paying them herself for their trouble. She was going to put on her cloak when she found Jip, who had followed her unperceived, curled op in the fur and as fast asleep as if he were in his own bed at home. When she called him he opened his eyes, blinked at her, and then closed them again, as a hint that be wax very comfortable, and did not wuh to be Lois knelt down in front of the fire to warm her t»*TT«*« and give Jip a few ^'fifa**1 grace, and never heard the door open behind her ontfl the little animal sprang down with toe wildest demonstrations of joy and welcome, and jumping up quickly she was just in time to see htm capering and bounding and yelping at the heels of the tal I coast-guard, who stooped- at last, picked him op in bis arms, and strode' rapidly away. Chapter XXX.— Love to the Rescue. Lois did not see Jip again, nor could she hear any tidings of him, although, she made inquiries everywhere. The little creature had endeared hims«If so much to her she missed him painfully at first, but she did not feel anxious as to his fate. She knew that an animal's instinct is never at fault, and if be had followed the coast-guard it was because he loved him better even than his new mistress. The only explanation of the mystery seemed to her that this man had been Jip'e first owner, and he had sold bim to Clement Dene, bat that the faithful little creature was true at heart all through to the first who had won his affectioBs, although he conld attach him self elsewhere. And the coast-gun rd himself was never seen again in Graydon, where he would have met with harsh treatment if he bad shown himself, as he *as consider- d responsible there for Mrs. Britton's death. Everything went on very quietly after this, not only in the village but also at the Manor House. Willie pa-aed into Sandhurst with flying colours, Kitty grew bigger and hand somer and saucier every day, and Lois more resrless, perhaps. She was seldom long together in one place, though she kept op the pretence of a home with her parents still, and the Place remained empty and desolate. Sometimes ahe to'k Kitty abroad with her, and the girl enjoyed intensely these glimpses of foreign life end i - r countries, and became more mature in I : _r manners and almost grown-up. She had even ha ! an offer of marriage, to her great delight, uut she and Willie were still great chuma, although there were no secrets between them now, except when the boy confided to her his passion for one of the very grown-up young ladies of the neighbour hood, and then she pretended to be sympathetic, although she knew it was as evanescent as hot. From Captain Crawford Lois heard some times. He bad not gone abroad after all, as H'Douald had been able to get him an appointment as steward with an uncle of his who had lar^e estates in the north of England and wanted someone he could trust. 'He knew his history, bnt being as generoas hearted as his nephew end heir, believed en tirely in his innocence, and was glad to give him a helping hand. So Captain Crawford had fallen on his feet after all ; but still the shadow rested on biB name and made & barrier between himself and the woman be loved, Bnd he could not learn to be hippy without her, unfortnn&tely; {or him. Lois pitied him, pitied herself, bnt showed no sign of relentiog, and so matters dtood until one summer morning when she was returning from a visit to Scotland, and the min was approaching Newcastle-on- Tyne. She was in & first-class carriage alone, and dozing & little, when ehe felt a sadden violent jerk that threw her against the opposite seat, and then there was an awful crash, as if the train were breaking np, and bamming screams and cries filled the twilight air. Stunned, faint, and bewildered, Ijois hardly realised what had happened or knew if she was hurt or not until she felt someone's annB about her and heard a voice, broken with I I anxiety, but always recognisable, saying, 1 I close to her ear : F I 'My darling, you are not hurt? Speak, I | I beseech you.' I I Even if she had been at the very edge of f I the grave she would have come back, if only 1 I for a second, to answer him. But it so K I happened that she was far more frightened than hart, and was able to reassure him in a I measure, although not quite certain of the fact herself. For this reason he still held her in his arms, even after he had lifted ber to the ground, and made her take a Bip or two from the flask which had done him such good service after the coastguard's attack. *' I am quite right now,' she said, presently, and she bloshingly disengaged herself. ' Won't you go and help someone else? I am afraid' there are a good many injured.' He would have carried her np the bank first of all, out of sight and sound of the dis tressing scene, but ehe ehook ber head resolutely. 11 1 am coining to help too.' she said. 'Don't be afraid for me, I am much stronger minded than I used to be.' ' Yea, but -why give yourself unnecessary pain?' *' I hope it won't be unnecessary,' she replied gently. ' There seems such a panic, I am cure a cool head or two will be of use.' He made no further effort to deter her, and she went -rom one to the other of the poor wonnded passengers, reassuring some, succour ing others, appearing to know by intuition joEt the right thing to do and say. Those who were the least hurt made, the most out cry, bat Lois calmed them by her calmness, and got them at last to exercise a little self-control, if only for the Bake of those who were beyond any effort of the kind. Meanwhile Captain Crawford was helping to carry the dead away, and extricate those who were still jammed in by the wreckage of the broken carriages, and by this time two or three doctors were on the scene of the acci dent, bringing all necessary appliances with them, and Lois's services were more in request than ever. It was fully an hour before she was released and then Captain Crawford gave her hia arm, and insisted aponbercoratngaway,seeiD£she bad borne as much as she couldbear. ' I don't know what we should have done without your wife, sir,' said the elder doctor admiringly. 'She is a born nurse. ' Captain Crawford coloured almost as much as Lois, and they did not dare so much as to glance at each other as they moved away together, with a conscious air. 'Bride and bridegroom evidently,' was the old doctor's internal comment. 'Anyhow, he is a Incky man, for she seems as good as she is beautiful, and that is saying ? good deaL' The wonnded, and those who could not be moved far, had been accommodated at the Railway Inn, close to the station, and some of those who were uninjured proposed to walk into Newcastle, whilst othire waited for conveyances to be sent for them, the line being blocked. Amongst the former were Captain Crawford and Lois, who decided that any thing would be better than lounging about the village for an hour perhaps. Indeed, the very thought of this walk through the darkness, with Lois close at his aide set all Captain Crawford's pulsesdandng wildly, and he scarcely Breathed whilst he waited for her answer when he proposed Ihis alternative. ^^ And yet they did not talk much. It was enough for both that they were together, and this nndreampt-of happiness sufficed for the moment. And yet they had so much to say to each other. At an inn half-way Captain Crawford suggested that they should stop and get some supper, for they were needing food by this time. Lois gladly consented, for she was feeling now the reaction of her past excitement, and two or three times ehe felt her legs bending under her. and would have fallen but for her companion's supporting arm. He ordered a private sitting-room, and removed Lois's travelling cloak, and made her sit on the conch, which fortunately was not so uncomfortable as most of the horse-bair abominations one meets with in such places He managed everything, and her— a novel and delicious experience u- the girl, who had had plenty of authority and liberty this hut year, but would have resigned it all gladly for a word of love. There she rested quietly until the enpper came and then he took her in hand again' She thought she was too far gone to eat, bnt he made her drink a little stimulant first of all, and after that every mouthful told, and by the time she was half-way through her chop she had a colour like a rose on ber cheeks and her eyes were shining brightly. ' It seemed to Captain Crawford that he had not remembered bow beautiful she was, and he watched her hungrily, taking his fnll of that wondrous face which might never gladden bis sight again. And she was happy, too— supremely, intensely happy— and having found it so difficult even to smile of late, But actually found herself laughing readily now, as if she were a girl again. They were too much absorbed in each other to notice how the time was going, until the clock struck so often Lois turned round to see what it was, and found to her dismay that it was twelve o'clock. The two looked at each other with a sort of horror, and then Captain Crawford tugged refleclively at his mous tache.. 'I teU you what,' he etui at last, '? you must stay here now for the night, Lois, and I will go into Newcastle alone, and bring a car riage for you in the morning. WonM you like me to telegraph to your people before I come — in your name, of course ?' 'There is no need. They do not know I have left Edinburgh, and will not be anxious 1 I suppose yon must go T ehe added, wist- 1 fully, blushing as she spoke. f ?' I ought, Lois, but I shall stay if you tell I 'I should not tell you if yon oughtn't,' she answered resolutely, ber eyes cast down. *' Only I waa wondering if I could not go with you.* '* Impossible,' be said at once( for con science sake. 'It would cot do, even if yon could walk so far. But why are you afraid to stay here alone?' ' It is rather lonely, and my nerves have been «o jarred. I should not mind as a rule.' 'AmltosUy then?' 'No,' Bhe answered promptly, but with effort. 'I think you are right,' he said, and took her hand, and lifted it respectfully to his lips. He rang the bell at once, lest either of them should relent, and ordered a bedroom to be prepared, taking care to mention that he should not remain, and then he went away and left her, trying to persuade himself all through his lonely walk tint he had not seen any tears in her eyes as he bade her good night. (TobcamtiauaL) 