CHAPTER XI. A WILD WEDDISG-SZGIIT. A wild night shuttingdown upon the Scot tish hills, and it is Ambrose Gerthart’s wed ding night. He stands in the door-way of his father’s souse,, arrayed in his holiday garments—a tall, handsome youth, with an eye like an eagle’s and the bearing of a prince, allc'il he is tbe son of bumble parents.-. Jiis-iuother “domes forward, with his heavy coat in her “ It is high time you were off,'my son,” she says. "The dark come3 swifi these winter evenings, and the-.walk you have before you is long and dTeary. So get thee' gone, Am brose ; it won’t do to keep the.liLtle Isabel waiting on her wedding-night.” She is, or has been, a handsome woman in her time, this mother of "the tall .young mountaineer. She is tali and straight as ft dart, with sloe-black eyes, and cheeks which even yet retain some little of their youthful bloom. Her husband, Donald Gerhart, has led a seafaring life ever since their marriage, and Ambrose and his mother have been left a great deal to themselves, and. are very tenderly attached to each other. Never hut once has the mother been parted from her hoy, and that was when he made a voyage to the Spitzbergen 'coast with his father. She looks at him now with a curious mix ture of tenderness and regret in her dftrk "To-morrow he is to bring home his bride; and she takes him in her arms and kisses him tenderly, her dark eyes running over with tears. Ambrose gives her a hearty welcome-in re •- Good-by, mother. Heaven keep you safe until my return.” He departs, and his mother stands in the door-way and watches him out of My brave lad,” she muBes, a curious, wist ful look in her eye3 ; " handsome enough to be the king’s son and wed with a princess. But Isabel’s a bonny lass, and she’ll bring him a snug little dowry, and he’ll be happy and prosperous. 1 could not part from him now. He is discontented as it is, but if he knew his history he’d leave me and go roving to the ends of the earth ; and what would Donald say, after Bailing the seas for a score of years, and hoarding gold for his only son! Nay, nay I” throwing up her hands with an impns3ionate gesture, " I cannot tell now; J never can tell him. I’ve locked the-sccretin my heart, and I’ll carry it with me to my grave.” The night fell swiftly, and the storm gathered fury with every passing minute. Tbe mother and father, the latter having returned soon after the departure of Ambrose, sat before their blazing hearth and heard the wild riot of the blast. “ 'l'is a bitter night, Donald,” said the wife, addressing her bronzed and deep chested husband. “I-trust the lad will reach hillside all safe. If he had only taken the collie along I” Donahl laughs derisively, as he rubs hio bauds together over the blaze. “As if the lad needed ttie collie,wife ? l'ou think him a boy yet 1 Why, Ambrose could find his way blindfold, though the drifts he neck-deep. Never worry for him. He’s safe at the Fellside by tnis tiine,aud will soon he Isabel's husoand.” But at that self-same moment Ambrose stood panting and irresolute at the foot of a great snow clad peak, hurely he had lost his way, albeit he had roamed for years amid these wild Highland hills. He paused aud looked about him with be wildered eyes. The snow descended in swift whirling masses that almost took away his There could he no doubt about it; he had lost his way ! He should be down in the sheltered valley, and here he was climbing amid the storm-shaken hills. He must have been bewitched or bewildered, he thought, to have lost to unaccountably his way ; he wbo had trod these hill-paths from his boyhood; he who had. been in the habit of crossing these same wild moors every Saturday night, on his way to the Fellside Standing amid the white, swirling drifts, with tiie thunder of the biast in his ears, in imagination ins pictured the gay company | gathering at the Fellside, and saw Isabel, in her white wedding lobes, awaiting his He bad never been over anzious in regard to this marriage, though be was fond enough of Isabel. Tiie match was of his good mother’s planning. Ambrose would never have dreamed of matrimony of his own will; his desires aud aspirations ran in quite a dif ferent way. From a lad he had oeeu discon tented, and longed to seek fame and fortune in foreign lands. Flocks aud herds, and "gold and siller" failed to satisy hi3 long ings ; but his mother’s persuasions had kept him &t; the Highland home, and it wa3 through her that he wa3 ever brought to make love to Isabel and consent to a marrinko with her, the prettiest lass in tlis country, . As he thought of his bride awaiting him, lie determined to strain every nerve, risk every dancer, to reach the Fellside farm in time. lfe started on atain at a brisk pace. A great, gusty drift drove him back; but he was on his feet again in an instant, and on his way ; he was resolved not to keep his bride and her wedding-guests wait ing. I’ut the darkness deepened and the snow ■hut him in like a winding-sheet. He paused a second time, and strained bis eye3 to pierce the gloom. He could just make out the dark hill-line beyond which was Black Hollow Grange. lie had wandered miles out of his way, for the Fellside farm nestled in a shel tereil valley far below. lie turned to retrace his steps, when a glimmering light came before his eye. It ’■idently gleamed from-the window of the H nmlcd Manor. Ambrose stood and looked at it with bated oreath and distended eyes. For years he had trod these mountain paths, and never before uad he seen a light in that abandoned and accursed dwelling. What did it mean? It was an old, old place, this High land manor, green with mould and over grown with ivy, the home of bats and .owls, and ghosts, too, the simple hill- folk averred. Human creatures shudder as they passed its ponderous gates, and few dared set foot in its mouldering halls. lie stood there, and a great owl fluttering down the stair-way frightened him, hero as he was, well-nigh out of his senses. He thought of it now, and of the old Btories lie had heard from the lips of the Highland dames, as he fixed his eyes upon the glim mering light, and wondered if the murdered lady had come out oE her grave to visit the manor this stormy night. But there was a little superstition in his nature, and he drew a deep breath and started on again, fancying that lie was going toward the valley. But that twinkling light in the window of the Haunted Manor seemed to draw him upward with a strange power. For his life he could not keep his eyes from it, as he slowly struggled through the blind ing snow. At last he fell, faint and breathless, and he rashly resolved to rest for a few mo ments. Gradually the white drifts covered him like a winding-sheet. A sweet, hiring forgetfulness slowly stole ever him, and his eyes closed, . Suddenly realising that to sleep was to die, ho struggled to his feet. He stumbled on again, that glimmering light before his eyes. It was close at hand now and dazed as he was, he fancied he was nearing the Fellside farm, and saw the light shilling from his bride’s window. He staggered on, with a glad cry, Until lie fell again, his strength utterly gone. As he dropped upon the snow he clutched at some white, Epectral thing which rose above the drifts. A chill of horror passed through him. He srtuggled to his feet, still clasping the spectral thing, and glaring about him with dilated eyes. To his amazement he realises that his footsteps have led him to the shunned precincts of the Black Hollow ; and a chill of horror creeps through his veins as he discovers that he stands beside the stone cross above the murdered lady’s grave. A hoarse cry breaks from his iip3. He relaxes his grasp of the ice-cold grave- stone, and falls face downward in the snow. How long he lies there ho never knows. A shrill cry of agony brings him to bis senses—a woman's cry. “Murder! Murder!" Ambrose gains bis feet, new life running through his chilled veins. The yellow light twinkles in plain view, and he makes his way toward it. He crosses the Black Hollow, climbs the snowy steep, and dashes through the open gale into the wide park. The old manor iooms up distinctly before him, all its turrets and chimneys darkly defined in the whirling “Murder! Murder!" Again that awful cry, shrill and wild, above the clamor of the storm. Ho looks up, and at the lighted window he sees a face. Only for an instant, but in that instant he recognises it as the face that has haunted his dreams since the hour he saw it in the moonlit valley below. White and wild with mortal agony and terror, it flashes upon him for a moment; in the next it is gone, and the yellow lightsuddenly dis appears. A great throe of pain and rapture stirs his breast. Through the drifts he dashes on. He will save her, or die in the attempt. He reaches the terrace, and gropes along its hinges, and lie dnshe3 into the wide, windy hall. A blast like tile breath of the • grave meets him, chilling the blood in bis .veins. But be does not pause. He rushes on, and his hand is on the railing of the : black stair-way, wnea a last cry breaks the ’ silence—a cry so piteous, so imploring, so full of mortal terror and agony, that it i_ brings an answer from his iipa. ■ Shouting until the vaulted arelias ring with the echo of his voice, he goes leaping ' up the stairs; but ere be reaches the first landing something clutches him ; a strong band grapples his throat; a swift, sharp ' blade pierces him, and he is hurled headlong ' down the broad steps. Hardly aware of the extent of his injury, but conscious of his fast waning strength, he struggles to his feet and staggers aro nd. For only a few minutes he is able to keep his feet, and then he drops unconscious in the 