SAYINGS AND DOINGS An Expensive Dress, Beating tbe Hays. Warming-Fans- Flohero of Men. Brigands in Mexico recently, robbed a mule train loaded with £10,000 in gold dust.-. .. Perfumed warming-pans are the la test forhi that British hospitality has taiten. xne . premiers should bring some back. v ? v .;. In Texas the marriage notice 'some times has the following addendum:— "No cards, no cake, no . flowers, no thanks, no regrets, nobody's business." "Sir," said Dr. Johnson to a friend, commenting upon a widower who re married, though his wedded life had been unhappy, "It Is the triumph of hope over experience.!' . A female burglar, 21 years of age, re cently sent to gaol i in London, wa3 proved to have worked her way through an opening nine and a quarter inches square, and on- a previous occa sion liad wriggled through a hole eight inches square. The extravagance of the Roman ladies of high rank was one of the prime causes of the fall of that mighty Empire. Lolia Poppla,- In Nero's time, was the happy possessor of a gown said to cost nearly: £200,000; -The materials are not stated. This is how a "superior English lady" advertises for an engagement in the Vienna "Neue Freie Presse": — "Do you require a superior English lady to In struct or walk your girls? Are you so, kindly write under 'London 19,' office of this paper." A mutual benefit society of a novel character lias been organised at I-Ia- gertown, liid. It is told that the mem bers are young women from the best families, and their one and sole object Is to help one another to be fascinating. They call themselves the Orioles. An Anglican clergyman; when once addressing a girls' friendly society, ex horted his "dear sisters" to "follow the example of the apostles, and to become fishers of men." And then he wonder ed what the girls were laughing at. During April 12,800 pictures were passed in review by the hanging com mittee of the Royal Academy. The number of works submitted to the council this year was far greater than on any previous occasion, and exceeded the total of 1896 by nearly 600. Last season as many as 12,228 works of art were sent in to Burlington House. Envelopes lined with tinfoil will pos sibly be a "fad" In the near future, if experiments with the Rontgen ratf continue. It has already been demon J strated that the contents of a sealed letter, enclosed In the ordinary enve lope,- may be photographed. The I "Gaulois," a French paper, has photo- j graphed such private matter in 15 I seconds. By using envelopes lined with tinfoil, ive could defy tlie X-rays in thq hands of the inquisitive. The North Frisians are very unmerci ful to people who do not marry. One of their legends says that after death old maids are doomed to cut stars out of the sun when it lias sunk below the horizon, and the ghosts of the old . bachelors must fix them up in the sky ! running like lamp-lighters up and ! down a ladder all niglit. Of course ; this may only lie a poetic excuse con- ccivod in a kindly spirit to explain tho . bachelors' late hours. j The Supremo Court of Missouri has decided that Women are eligible to hold ' any elective office in that State from which they are not specifically debar red by statute. Tlie right to hold office not being dependent upon the right to ' vote, the women of Missouri may got the plums without being at the trouble to shake the tree. It lias- been consid- ered so much a matter of course and . of custom that the office should bo ; filled by males that in few instances ; lias there been any statutory regula- lion as to the sex of the Incumbents. j An air ship, invented by Prof. Arthur ! Barnard, physical instructor of the ! Young Men's Christian Association, at ! Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.A., has been ! used with success. Professor Barnard : promised to sail against the wind, and in the presence of a large number of : people took his ship high in the air, ;,and did so with success. The inven- l lion has created great excitement. J John Jacob Astor, tho millionaire pre- j sident of a dozen railways In the United States, and who has natural tastes for mechanics, recently undertook to run a locomotive on the Illinois Central Rail way. Mr. Astor took the train, which consisted of seven well-filled passen ger ears, from Chicago to Detroit, Mi chigan, and made all the stops, back ings, and side-track work with the abil ity of a veteran. No one in the train knew of tlie occurrence until it appear ed, in tlie papers the next day. Senator Voorhees once had succeeded in delivering an anpeal which liod' brought tears to the eyes of several jurymen. Then arose the prosecuting attorney, a gruff old man, with a pip ing voice and nasal twang. "Gentle men," said he deliberately, "you might as well understand from tlie beginning that I am not boring for water:" This proved so effectual a wet blanket to tlie emotions excited by Mr. Voorhees that he realised the futility of his own "boring." A correspondent writing from Nia gara Falls oil April 3 describes one of the greatest bridge-building feats Ame rica has seen for some little time. Tills was the joining of the two sections of the great new steel arch bridge across the Niagara gorge, which Is to replace the old suspension bridge of the Grand Trunk Railway. The arch, which will be completed in June, will have a span of" 550ft., with' an u'ppef"deok 'for tho railway (a double track) and a lower, floor for a carriage way, sidewalks, and trolley cor tracks. Maurice Barrymoro was once in Lon don with a new piece which he was anxious to have produced, He liad read it to a manager, and it had been decided that he was to play the leading role. About a week after it was sup posed to have been definitely settled, "Barry" received a note from the mana ger asking him to call. Barrymoro culled, and the manager said; "I like the piece, old fellow, but I don't see how I can use you In the east. Your beastly American dialect won't do at all, you know. They won't have .'It." ""Well, that's strange," said Barrymore: "they told me on . the other side that they wouldn't have me on account of my beastly English dialect. What am I to do; give recitations on the trans atlantic steamers?" The custom of kissing at Easter is in vogue all over Russia. It is no un common event, for the mistress of a, princely establishment to be called upon to receive the brotherly kiss from tha Hps of a butler, or a devoted peasant; and, unless slie be prepared to pass for. a depraved heathen, she must submit to the caress. This custom of the bro therly lciss, so charming In theory, Is ori occasions -.somewhat absurd. Cases analogous to the Dorpat University af fair some years ago still arise. Tho students at Dorpat numbered in all about one thousand young men. The Orthodox Russian priest was blessol with a particularly handsome daughter. Oddly enough, on Easter Eve, though they were, with but few exceptions, of the Lutheran persuasion, the entire body- of students considered it their duty . to attend the midnight service. iu:U, on its conclusion, the young lady, referred to had no lack of salutation 