. A QUEER CASE OF ' SAiraS.' A (xOLI)FIELDS YARN. (FOR THE 'SUNDAY TIMES.') ^ ELL ns Joe, old ««? man, tell ns bow you were lagged,' j said one of our crowd sitting round a roaring log- fire near a creek within a day's walk o f Kiaudra. It was a bitter cold night, aud we were snowed up, and the water in tlio races was frozen, and tbe flumes breaking down with tbe extra weight of snow and ice, Joe was an old identity, one of the past generation, aud be had experienced some rough life in his early colonial days. In short, he was an old Vandemonian, rough and uncouth, foul of month, but possessing a fair share of the milk of human kindness. He had been in the locality some years, while most of ns were comparatively new hands. The old man replied, without taking his eyes from the fire: ' No, iads, I can't do that, for yer see I disremember tho pints — and what's the good o'spinniug a yarn 'thout fixin* tho pints ; pints, ye know, is everything.' ' Never mind the pints, Joe,'' said some one, ' let's have quarts — eh, chaps, they'll do better ?' 'Quartz is it?' growled Joe. 'Well, qnartzit is ; for I can tell'ee a rattling good yarn about salting a qnartz reef — leastways, it warn't a reef, though we strung 'em on to it ? .*' ' Strung who on, Joe?' ' Lookeo 'ere, vast 'eavin' ! Le'me go my own gait, lad ; I ain't as young as I was, an' I likes my own way o' doiu' things, an' takes my own time. So shut up, all of yez, while I tells ye 'bout a bit o' scientific saltin', and how the bloomin' job got me twelve months in Plain-town gaol — fac', s'elp me !' 'We don't doubt it, Joe, not a bit. Fire away, old man ; possibly we shall learn a wrinkle or two before you have concluded.' ' Laru ! I should say so. Why, there never was such a bit o' saltin', neither afore nor since, though I sez it; but then it wasn't me, but Ike Hollock — big Ike, I mean — as done it. Ike was a powerful cute feller, was Ike ; oughter a been a bishop, or a member o' Parlyment, or a bookie, orsuthiu' o' that sort, for he could read an' figger up, an' measure land, au' do lots o' things as most men I've seed couldn't do. ' But about this bit o' saltin' as I'm a goin* to tell yer, and w'en yer 'ears it you'll agree that Ike knowed a fow things worth larnin'. 'We was both on us a scratchin' about in Bloke's Creek — an' bad bin for mauy a long day — an' he afore I pitched my tent on Codger's Pint. We was both on us 'atters ; cos, yer see, the drift was shaller, an' one 'and could do as well as two. Any'ow, 'twere as much as I could do to keep my inuardB warm, let alone my back — and I 'specs Ike were the same — if he 'hadn't a been he wouldn't a gone in for saltin'. ' There was only me and 'im on the oreek, 'cept the b ? Chows, an' they was every w'ere but w'ere they oughter a been — in their graves. ' One night I were a sittin' on a block in front o' th' fire suckin' at th' last bit o' baccy I had, an' thinkin' 'bout sutbin' or other ia a hungry, grumbliu' sort o' way — talkm' a bit to meself, I do believo, for the answer to sntbin' I said corned in at th' door and that pat that I felt quite skeart, an' expected to see a ghost or suthin' instead of Ike Hollock. ' My 'art was up in my mouth — and Ike sees it, for he sez : ' Don't be skeart, Joe, I ain't a ghost yet, but damned soon will be if things don't mend.' ' 4 Wbat'g up, Ike,' 'I sez, * lost enny thing ; duffered out, or what ?' Lost, be damned I ' sez he; 'got uutbin' to lose ; and as fer dufferin' out, why, ain't we a pair o' duffers i ' ' ' ' I axed 'im why ; and then he sez : ' Look'ee 'ere, Joe, its got to be done.' ' ' What's got ter be done ? ' says I. | ' Suthin' desperate,' Bays he, ' for I'm half j starved, an' old Sconebug won't trust me for a j fig o' terbaecer. An' you, I guess, by the look ; on ye, ain't had a tightener for a few months . — p'raps a year or so. Them b ? Chows is a gettin* what gold there is in the hell-fired creek, an* the time's come when there must be a change. . . Will ye go in wi' me, Joe ? ' ''Say it, Ike, ' sez I,' 'you're a cleverer ohap than me ; but, s'help me, old man, I'll stiok to yon if — if it aint too risky.' ' ' Risky ! Not a bit. It's the Chows down there I mean (jerkin* his thumb over his shoulders towards the Chineymen's camp right alongside the big waterhole.)' ' ' Why, it ain't bailin' up ?' ' ' No fear ! They're too many for ub, Joe. But that would be foolish, anyway. See 'ere, I've got brains, I have.' ' ' My word !' sez I, interruptin' him' ' an' I of'n wonder, Ike, yez don't put 'em to better use than gravel-scratchin' in Bloke's Creek.' ''Well, I'm agoin' to now, Joe. Listen. Did ye ever salt a olaim ?* ' ' Yes, often ; .but that dodge is played out. Why ? ' ' ' Shut up, Joe,' he sez, quite snappy like. ' Saltin's been done by duffers, but now a student of science is goin' iu for it.' Yes, them was his very words, ' a student of science.' and I felt very small. 'Yes, Joe, I've been studyin' this thing for a long time, and now it's got to be done, an' you've to lend a hand.' ' ' Right ye are, 'eave it up, so's I'll know about th' size of it,' sez I. ' An' then he lets out — ' You an' I've worked all up an* down the creek an* we oan't make tucker.' . 'I nodded. ' ' 'Cos why ? All the gold's gone — what was wuth having long ago, an' now these doubly damned Chineemen snavel up the leavin's — the old tailin's au hopperin's. Years ago — loug afore yon oome here — I've carried a billy-can full o' gold down to my hut afore dinner. I 'ave, s'elp mel An' now 1 can't wash a weight a day. ' ' Did you say a whole billy-can full, Ike ?' ''I did, Joe — an' if yer diBbeelieves me ye' re a chuckle-headed infidel.' ' 'W'at's that, Ike?' I axed 'im. ' ' What them Chows is as we're agoin' to victimise.' But how, Ike?' ' ' I'm agoin' to tell if ye'll only hold yer , clapper. See 'ere ; what's to pervent me an' you takin' up a 'xtended claim — 'old wor kin's,' you know — an' puttin* ou men to work it, an' you and me a lookiu' on an' bossin', au' livin* like fightin' cooks, an' drinkin' sham pane, and cuttin' a dash like them swells what comes out from Plaintown sometimes ?' ''Nothin* at all, Ike — if we had th' money.' ' ' Money ! you idynt — don't yer see we're agoin' to make th' money out o* the 'xtended claim we're agoin' to mark out?' ' ' But d'ye know it's there, Ike ?' ' ' Joe, old man, one 'ud think you'd never i been in Van Dieman's Land, nor anywhere J else, 'cept gravel-scratchin' in a worked-out creek,' sez he. ' 1 Why,' says Ike, ' we might even employ somo o' them Chows — they're devilish cute ; but th' fact of our employin' 'em would put 'era off their guard.' ' ' Boiled down, Joe, this is the way to a sure an' certain fortune. First we pegs out one acre — right up to the Chinamen's workin's, and they looks on grinnin' and yabberin'; Then one of us goes to tho camp and applies for the ground, brings back notices and nails 'em on tbe pegs. Chows reads 'em — can't un derstand 'em, but grins, as nsual. Both of ns go down an old shaft, fetch np a bag o' wash, likewise a lump o' quartz — ' ' ' Why, there's no quartz within miles o' us, Ike.' ' Never mind that — we'll find some. Listen. We pan the wash out — plenty of gold. Chows stand round: never mind, let 'em see it. Plenty black sand showiu' gold all through. Crush up quartz, pun out plenty iron, sand, mundic, and other Rtuff ; put in quicksilver — result, fine lump of amalgam — ' _ ''Bnthow about the 'ands, Ike?' I axes 'im, almost trembling with excitement. _ ' ' Go easy, Joe ; all you've got to do is to listen an' do as I toll yer. Very well, then, we'll intervoo old Sconebug fust thing, for I kuow lie's both greedy an' cute, an'll fall in with my plan straight off. ' But look 'are, Joe,' says he, quite solemn like, 'it's jnst as well for you to be on the safe side, an' so I'll take all sposibility, an' take up the olaim in my name— though of course both you an' old Sconebug'll stand in. D'ye see? ' ' ''Eight ye are,' says I, 'for I knowed what a cute 'un he was. Why, he used to read all the religious an' scientific books as was printed in them days, such as the War Cry and tbe dictionary ; an' when a man can go that much he ain't any too dull. Anyway, I do believe that Ike knowed these paperB an' books by 'art.' 'And what happened, Joe?' asked Tim Tiddler. _ ' Well, me noble Tim, we just come on it right — found the Tiddler's ground, which warn't yourn, was it? But, as I was sayin', Ike's plan was just bootiful — panned out rybuok — for hisself.' ' What, did ho not act jouick?' ' J ust you listen an' then you'll lam. Ike spun a long twister to old Sconebng as I couldn't foller, and the old hunks gives mo a ball o' rnm as makes me head go round an' feel sleepy. An' when they finished their jaw he brings out a bottle o' shampaue, an', by gosh, he hands me a tumbler full. I was just happy an' glorious afore I went to bod that night, an' the Chows corned round ter see what was up, 'cos I was singiu' an' goin' on a rum 'un. ' Well, wo works about th' olaim for a day or two, an' 'bout knock-off time Ike comes up .the Bhaft and sings out ' Ureeka !' '' What's that, Ike, when it's cooked?' I axes him. ''It's what the bloomin' Greeks or Turks — I forget which now — used ter say when they dropped ou ter a good tiling,' saz he. ' But it's here all right, Joe an' he turns a lump o' quartz out o' the bucket.1' '? But you said there was no quartz within miles, Joe ; where then could the stone come from?' cried one of the crowd. ' G'long, yer stoopid 1 Didn't I say as old Joe was a scientific chap? Au' why should I ax questions? — though, between us, I had my suspicions. Anyway, there it was, all bright and shiny — the real Btingo, and no gammon. An' then all the Chows cum runnin' up, an' yabberin' iu their own lingo, which, in course, I didn't understand But Joe just pushes 'em aside, an' takes the quartz au' the bucket o' wash inter my 'umpy — spite o' their yabber an' curiosity ter see it. ' Then Ike goes away for a couple o' days, an' that made 'em rampin' mad — 'cos, yer see, cautious as them Chows was, their greed fer oof got the better of 'em. ' As for me, ita jolly little work I does 'cept drinkin' brandy an' shampane, an' snoozin' on my -bunk. ^ Anyway, tbem yeller beggars was just bus tin' ter know what we really had got an' the boss comes pimpin' round, an' qnizzin and pryin' in at the door. But I only laughs at 'im, and tells 'im ter beep his 'air on.' Arter Bupper two or three of 'em comes an' axes lots o' things about the claim, an' all . I sez was : ' Its middlin' good, Johnny.' An' when they axed where my mate was, I Bez : ' He's gone ter Melbourne ter get married.' And they all laughed, an' I give 'em some brandy. ' When Ike come baok he had three chaps with 'im, an' he sets 'em ter work, ' on half wages,' he sez, an' they nodded an' laughed. Ike laughed, too, an' the Chineemen standin' round they laughed, an' then I laughs. Some of us soon laughed t'other side of our mouths. . ' 'Owever, the chaps worked a week or so, an' old Sconebug supplied 'em with both rations an' drink — and they was chaps as could carry a lot. Then th' Chows used to call, at his store an deal a bit. Afore that they usen't to. Then they pumped 'im, an' he played fox — didn't know nothiu' — ontil one day Ap Loo — that was the boas — laid a fi'-pun' note on the counter and axed about our claim. Then Sconebng let out a bit — just sprat ter ketoh a mack'ril, yer know. An' then old Ah Lee Mung, their storekeeper — an' a cunnin' old thief he was — comes to Ike and axes straight out if we would sell out. 'No b ? fear!' says Ike. 'Have a drink, Allee?' an' we drank together. But the old Chow give Ike no rest. He was alius at 'im, ontil Ike says : ' Look 'ore, Allee, I likes you very well, an' if you do business properly we may be able to deal, though mind, I don't want ter Bell out, though my mate hero may. But look 'ere, ole man, we must get a tip-top price.' ' ' How muchee ?' axes Ah Lee Mung. ''Well, considerin' I ain't in the humor ter sell, I'll let her go for .£10,000.' 'By G ? 1' says Allee, 'too muchee! My conntlemans no hab got ten t'ousand pounds. S'plose you say .£6000, then I tink we make deal.' ''Not a damned cent less nor ten,' sez Ike, ' an' if yer wants to buy look sharp, else some o' them Melbourne speculators will be up an' get fust chance.' ' ' S'plose me an' Ap Loo go down shaft an' getee plospeot, eh?' ''No damned fear,' sez I; 'ye needn't come a-botherin' me unlets ye means bizzi ness. . . But 'ere, ole man, drink this afore ye go. You an' me ain't bad friends, are we, Allee?' ' An' s'elp me 1 if I didn't see 'im shove some paper iuto old Allee's 'ands — 'twor a note, I -swear, new an' crisp. ' My eyes,' thinks I, ' if that Ike ain't the ounnin'est dog out !' ' Next morniu' a lot of 'am comes ter the 'umpy, an' old Allee jabbers away to the others, and then tells Ike what they says. But I didn't say nutliin', for I lay on my bunk nearly half boozed, though arter a lot o' jaw Ah Loo holds up a big roll o* notes an' say3 somothin', and they all sez what I took to be 'Yes.' ' Then we all went to Sconebug's store, an' there was more palaver an' writin', an, payin' of mouey all round to Ah Lee Mung, who 'ands it to Ike — two thousand pounds as true as I live ! — an' that was only a deposit. Ike said th' other .£8000 was ter bo paid arter they had worked two weeks. That seemed fair an' Rquare; an' I gets glorious drunk on the atren'th of it — what old Seono bug did I don't know ; he must a' been drunk, too, or Ike 'ud never 've got away so slick as he did, for the old Scorer was a very canny bug.' 'What! Did Ike seoop the pool, and then vamoose the ranche?' 'He did, by G— d ! But loolc 're, chaps, don't say a -word agin' Iko, for he was the smartest oove I ever met, an' if we was such cussed idyuts as not to keep our weather eyes open it sarved us damned well right. Any way, when I went down to the store in the morniu' there was hell to play. ''Yer infernal scoundrel,' says Sconebug, ' what d'ye mean by asking me for grog? You tlieif ! you mongrel ! yon dog ! you blasted con spirator you—you !' and then he foamed at the month like a mad dog, au* set down out o' breath.' ' ' 'Old on mate, sez I, 'afore yer cops it. Who be you ter call a feller a thief? What's np, anyhow ? ' ''Up, up? Dyer moan ter say yer don't know what's up ? Why, Ike's cleared, an' there ain't no gold in the claim.' ''Well, what o' that?' sez I, ' you knowed it as well as me; you needn't loot so inner cent, Mr. Sconnbug ; but I ain't blind nor deaf, although a bit soft.' ' Then be whispers : ' But Ike's got th' oot — the deposit — an* cleared right away ; an' the boss Chineeman and old Allee 'ave been 'ere swearin' tho Chows '11 pull the store down. Look 'ere, Joe, wo've been 'ad, but it needn't go any further ; leastways you needn't say as 'ow I knew anything. 'Spose you clear out too. I'll give ye a fiver. Only mum's th' word.' ' An' so the old beggar got round me so's to save his own blessed self, an' I promised. But wuss luck th' Chows comes round to lb' 'umpy and kicks up a thunderin' row, an* one of 'em puts his claws on me, an' I lets 'im 'ave it right atween th' eyes of him. An' then they rushes me, an' I picks np a piok-'andle an' whack goes a head or two agin it. Old Allee jumps about like a jumpin' jack, but stands clear o' th' piok ; an' arter I battened a few more heads I makes a run for it, but tripped over a gibber, 'an then they gets all over me, 'an I wasn't wuth a cuss, for they tied me up an' sent to Plaintown for the police. They guv mo in charge for 'sault an' battery, an' likewise for saltin' th' olaim. 'When Sconebug 'ears it he sez snmmat to the trap, who goes inBide ter get a drink; an' ' Scone,' he whispers ; ' don't funk, ole man ; I'll 'ploy a lawyer to look after yer — only, mind, don't mention my name.* '.Neither did I. Though, s'elp me ! I don't tbiuk th' all-fired cuss paid a penny-piece for my defence. ' At the trial I said I didn't know anythin'. I was only a hired man, an' didn't know whether there was gold in the claim or' not. I didn't impercate nobody : an' yet they fines me .£10 fer 'Banltin' the Chows, or three months : an' twel' montliB fer saltin' the claim — an' the judge sed I was as bad as Ike ; that I was a bad lot — had gaol-bird writ in my face, an' th' gallows would briug me up standin' some o' these days. 'An* that's all on it, boys — leastways, all as I knows on.' ? ' And did Ike never turn up?' ' No damn fear ; he's not suoh a galoot — an' lookee 'ere, I ain't agoin* to 'ear my old pal run down — for s'elp me ! I'm the man ter take a fall out o' them as does it.' ' What, after the way he treated you?' ' What's the odds ! Dog don't eat dog — an' sometimes I gets a fi'-pun note by post — an' I guess I knows where it comes from. An' old Allee he sometimes drops in an' has a yarn — an' leaves a bottle o' mm behind. Besides, old Sconebug never worries me 'bout th' tucker score, nowadays. SaveeP' The Cliows came round and kicked up a thundering row, SEE STORY—*1 A QUEEK CASE OP SALTING.' 