Catftep's Stoue. AN OLD HAWKESBURY RECORD. BARNES was an nld farmer, as food of tea and gossip as »> ny old woman, and in the evening he wou d often come into our place " to have a yarn." 'Never heard about Carter's store,' he said one evening as we were talking about a lar^e pohfl which bore tbfetname. JtyfB,B one of a chain-of-ponds forming a creek which joined the Hawkesbury. " Dan Garter lived in a slab humpy be side his store, as we always called it," said the old man, filling his pipe. " People uster oall him 1 Garter the Butcher,' but he didn't have any shop or any cattle though he was ;alwiays bragging about the meat he raiaed down the creek. No one ever knowed him raise anything down there but the devil of a row if a neighbour's cat tle happened to get through his rotten old fenoe, that waB only kept up by the white ants in it. I remember the .two dawgs he aster have-the oqnningest beggars that ever stealed a neighbors hens' eggs. You oould never catch 'em, either, and they barked like the mischief if yon went within coo-ee of Carter's Store. A curious name, you say. Well, it was the only store Garter had, for the pleeoe nster come and search hie humpy, buttheyneyer found anything thfre. Oneday * young 'ircrse got bogged1 intta ;Creek*and Carter Wentrouhd Belling meat for a few' days after. I didn't Bay. nothin' to nobody till he tried; to sell my missis some, ana then I' told him a thing; or two. 8oop jajEter that he tpld ub lie was going to kill a bullock, .and sure enough he had a fine ammal there the next day. He ran it into his yard, and had just dropped it when one x>f my boys cams back from Windsor and said he had passed Constable Price on the road. In half a jiffy Carter had Jbip old white horse. harnessed on to that there bullock, and drew it close to the water'e edge. Then be fastened two logs on to it, and rolled it into the pond. The babbles were hardly off the water when np rode the pleeceman.' '* Good-day, Carter," he said. "Do you know if there's a brown filly, marked T.W.. in Beacheb'ran ? It was there a week II ago. " I seen it yesterday," says Carter. " Well, there's d ponnd reward for any one who takes it to Jaxon'sby to-night. I'd get it only 1 have something else to do. Can you get it ?" Of course Carter said " Yes"-for he knew it wouldn't be safe to get the bnlloek out of the water for a time. The constable rode away, and Carter sobn followed. But he had not gone far when the pleeceman came back again with two men, carrying -r-s-^- ~-??? ropes and tools. Thtey all set to work, and soon bad that bullock out of the water again, when I'm hanged if it didn't have Hudson's brand on it. Hudbon had bean losing, a lot of cattle, and bad offered two pounds reward for that very animal. After a time they fished up the hornji and hides of about a dozen more beasts, and then they got a plough out of the water. In fact, it was a store." "It was just dark when Carter returned home. He only got inside the door when Price walked out from behind a tree. He followed Garter into the humj^y, and said, " Daniel Carter, I arrest"-but he didn't get no further, for Garter picked up a gun, aimed it at his head, and fired. The two other ohaps appeared &t; thrdoor justae this gun went oft One of them caught Con stable Price as he fell back as dead as a door-nail, and the other collare^ Oarter. They took him into Windsor that nightj, and he was banged about three months after." " You can often see his ghost and Price's walking about there at sight. One even ing, before the old humpy was pulled down, I was riding past, and I saw Carter shoot that pleeceman just as if they was both alive. My mare went as if the devil him self was after her, and she'd never go past Garter's store again." Benny, our youngest brother, suggested that we should go and see the ghost#, and I seconded the proposal. Our old,' friend agreed to go with us. Garter's store was a quarter of a mile from our house. We soon got there, and Barnes pointed to « clump of trees and:bushe|v > > ^ " That's where the old humpy stood," he explained, keeping ft respectable distance away. " By cripes (" he exclaimed*, suddenly retreating, closely followed by Benny, whilst I was not far behind-for a white figure appeared by the pond, and a mutate later the loud report of a gun sounded in the etillness. An hour later, as Benny and I were going to bed, our brother, P^t, threw a white bundle in through the window, spying: " Here, boys--this is the sheet off your bed." We didn't Bay anything about it, to Barnes, and he still tells the yarn about Carter's Store. E. HUMPHRIES. 