OUR STORYTELLER. _ GQAl^F'S GHOST, It • was : : a hauuted lionse, and, as is osaal ia sach cases, the occapantB were ill at ease. It was annoying, to say the least, to hear that ghostly rocking, rocking to and fro, in midnight hours, when the sr^btest Botrnd assumed startling proportions^ Sqoire Elkin8j had_purcbased the place at r a "bargain—or so it* seemed; but if he had known it was. haunted herwouldVnst have takendt &ti; any pricn. Not that he was nervons or believed fa ghosts ; bot^ it wasdecidedlyunpleasant,' he said to be roused fro«n slumber half' a dozen times in a night with the informauon that Bomebody was rocking tbe,big arm-chair.'. . - T 'Well,, let 'em rock,' he growled. I don't want to.' • Yes: bat Harvey, what is it ?' ' I dbn't know/and don?t c8re. Go to sleep, Sarah.) And Sarah tried—perhaps she succeeded; but. when, that mysterious rocking began again the scene was repeated, until in desperation the squire would proceed to the large apartment which answered tor kitchen and dining room. It was Very : comfortable there. A big rock!Dg-chair r : occupied - tbe cosy - corner door. Saran-810 w~ctrair,W to rock and knit Bat "why the rocking should continue after tbe occupants of the chairs -were in bed was a matter that puzzled and alarmed her. Only lately she had- heard the sound, but she was sure her ears did not deceive her . The squire did oot tell upon his return from-his investigating tonrs which she farced him to make that the big chair, was swaying back-and forth as if recently vacated. ' Some natural causeior it, I'll reckon; but I'll be confounded if I see just what,' he muttered, then uobloshingly declared to his wife that not a thing was stirring, not even- a ccouse. When abe began to talk of ghosts he ridiculed the idea, yet wondered the while why the place was sold so cheaply. To be sure the house was somewhat out of repairs ; but paint and plaster would soon remedy that ; the land was good and well located ; if there should be such a thing as a house being haonfed, that would account, * But pshaw I there are no .ghosts,' he mentally exclaimed ; and he dismissed the matter from his mind and slept the sleep of the just. Not so poor Sarah. When the idea had once possessed her mind she could not get ridof it. She began to make cautious enquiries concerning tbe former owner and his family. Sbe learned that Mr Harris had been a widower with several children. A hired girl and his helpless old mother completed the family. ' When she died he sold out an moved away. The house doesn't seem tbe same without the old lady. Sbe alwayB sat in that corner and rocked. I can., just shat my eyes and see her now.' Thus the voluble neighbor chatted on, unmindful of the horrible certainty that took possession of Mrs Elkins. ^ 'I just know it, Harvey. The house is actually hannted;' sbe said to her husband, that night, in a terrified whisper. 4 It's old Granny Harris' ghost rocking in your big chair. Whatever sha'l we do.' . : ' Do. nothing,' snapped the squire, to whom the subjret had become an exasperating one. «The old woman is welcome to rock aU night, jusf so she don't dispute my claim before'bed-time.'- ' Oh Harvey, how can. you talk so ? I would not sit in that chair for the world/ But Sqnire Elkins continued te pass his evenings m the same cozy corner, never giving a thought to his probable successor while conning the evening papers. Regularly at nine o'clock he went to bed, and was sound asleep almost as soon as . his head, toncbed the pillow, while his wife Bpent weary hours listening for or to the mysterious rocking. Never a night did the ghostly visitant miss. Sometimes she only , rocked a few minutes ; again the chair was heard at intervals almost the entire night. When she could be»r it no longer, Sarah would brave ber husband's displeasure by awaking him. 'The .old woman, she's roctingI I just can't stand if. * Confound the old woman—and you, too : I nev9r heard of a more peaceable ghost. What would you do , with one that wandered round in a winding sheet, with fiery eyes and sulphurous breath V Poor Sarah cowered beneath tbe bedclothes while her "husband resumed his snoring—a sonnd much .more formidable than the mysterious rocking. The news that the Harris house was haunted flew on willing wings. Tben the real troub!e began. He was deluged with enquiries, and confronted by tbe most senseless and blood-curdling, tales imaginable. He denied'and exaggerated by turns, and the ball kept , rolling.. The house ; w«as avoided " .. , ifee,until in his "righteous indignation- he grew sc fierce that he-was- going crazy, and that, C in addition to the ghost, was why his wife had left him. A few venturesome spirits essayed an investigation, but each one had heard the mysterious sounds, and went away to add fresh' fuel "to the flames. ; One even asserted - that be bad seen a sb» dowy form, in cap -and spectacles, swaying to and fro within the" chair, and heard a moaning as of someone tn distress. And nobody queetioned tbe trutb of the statement, tboflgh not a single hearer would have belfevei the man's oath in business transection. , *r The squire grew sick of the «infernal nonsense,' as he termed ifc; - "* " Ob, HarvOy, Sell the place—give it away—-anything V pleaded Sarah, and Cynthia seconded.ber entreaty; ' •• [ Squire, Elkins< stormed and toie, end swore be wonld never do it lor any ghost, nor the foolish .whim of a woman:; -• •Does the chair really xoct, Uncle Harvey ?\ashed:his niece, Kitty Elkine, wben she found tbe sqnire alone. • > »It does, for a jact, Kitty.V- ' But wbat makes it go V ' Granny Harris, I reckon—I don't know what else. They say she always sat in that comer ; -it's a veiy comfortable one, .1 don't - wonder .she likes to come E baok ; I'm sure no one ought to compluii . if I don't. 7 We never oocopy the chair at the fiame time.' ' Bst fihfc'e.deai, Uncle Harvey ; you surely don't Shelter io ghost s ?* ' Don$ know, Kit. There s something mighty queer abont ir. Bat I never heard of a sensibler -ghost. As long as she; don't take to wandering aroand promiscuous like, T've not a word to say. She can bave my chair whenever I don't want it. I don't see how folks can be s<> SelfiSh.' t • / : V • • I- Matteri-of-£act Kitty had to laogb at her uncle's geaprosity, though she would not believe there was anything supernatural about -the rocking of the chair. I'll 1 - tell you what we'll do, Uncle Harvey, If Net Baker will go along— and I know she will, she's always in for fun—we'il go with you and c lay that ost,' so Aunt Sarah can retnrn to her again.' The next bight two merrr, mischievous girls were domiciled in the hall bedroom. The girls while watching discovered, that the mysterious rock-ng was caused by a kitten, which ran awaw whenever it | heard- footsteps !- , Aunt Sarah, and Uncle Harvey gave-each of the girls an clegantgo'd ring for services rendered. And would you brieve it ? After tbe thing came out, not a< ^oal could be found who ever believed there was any ghost—not -even Mrs Elkins herself.. 