NEWS OF THE DAY. Executive Council. — The ordinary meeting of the Executive Council was held on Wednesday morning, when all the members with the exception of the Attoraey General and the Commissioner for Railways were present. Owing to the opening of Parliament yesterday afternoon the papers could not be prepared in time to allow the decisions of the meeting to be made known this morning. Drinking Ctjps for Schools. — ' A Parent ' has written to us drawing onr attention to the fact that at the central school in James-street not a single drinking utensil is provided for the use of the pupils, and that when tbe children desire a drink of water they have either to drink out of the lavatory basins or to hold their mouths under the taps. This matter was referred to the Minister of Education yesterday, and Mr. Lefroy promised that, if on inquiry it were found that the report of ' A Parent ' were true, he would immediately order tbat suitable drinking utensils be provided. Salaeies of School Teachers. — We recently received a letter from a correspondent dealing with what he terms ' a disgrace to the administration of the Education Department,' namely, the inade quate salaries paid to teachers in the primary schools. He main tains that as long as the present scale of salaries is adhered to tbe best class of teachers will not be induced to enter the service. He points out that teachers are paid much smaller salaries than any other civil servants, and that their services are remunerated at a less rate than the ordinary policeman. This letter was referred to the Minister of Education (Mr. H. B. Lefroy, M.L.A.) by a Herald reporter yesterday morning, and that gentleman said that the inspector-general of schools (Mr. Cyril Jackson) and he were at the present time engaged in farming regulations for the conduct of the schools. Under these tbe teachers' salaries would be fixed, and the matter would be placed on a more satisfactory basis. The Agricdltukai, Districts. — The Commissioner for Crown Lands (Mr. G. Throssell, M.L.A.) has decided to send a reporter into the country next week to make a tour of the agricultural centres for the purpose of getting a record of what is being done, and a faithful report as to tbe grain crops. It is also intended that this official shall warn the farmers generally against tbe cutting of too large a quantity of their corn for bay , as he anticipated that otherwise there would be asuper abundance of hay and a scarcity of wheat this season. Ihe official will make a start at Beverley, and then work throush the Avon Vallev. and subsequently down the Albany line. Afterwards, if time permits, he will write about the' areas recently thrown open for selection. A Peculiar Custom. — A pecu liar custom existing among the Afghans has recently been brought under the notice of ihe Minister of Education. It appears that the peopie of this race are prevented by certain religious scruples from taking interest on money that they place in the bark. A number of Afghans are in the habit of placing money to their credit in the various Post-office Saving Banks through out the goldfieids, and their habit of refusing to take interest having been ascertained, inquiries wti-e made as to why the liionev sot acart for the cavmeiit of this in terest was not in out' instance re turned to the credit of the bank. It was then discovered that the ofSeial bad thought himseli entitled to the amount which the Afghan would not take. The necessary precaution was at once tabtu to prevent thi6 official from continuing the same b'n« of conduct, and in future the department will take care that it alone will obtain the benefit of any scrupulousness in this direction on the pai of its customers. UsLKwpvjL Possession of a Fishing Net. — Bernard ErdaJe, who was formerly in charge of the hulk Athena, after several remands was charged before Mr. Fairbairn, R.M., at the Albany Police Court yesterday with the unlawful pos session of a seine net, valued at ,£8, the property of John P. Wysocke, carpenter of the steamer Shaftes bnry. Mr. Dynies appeared for the defendant. On August 12, when the steamer was at Albany, Wysocke dropped his net over the side, and tbe next morning the ropes were found cut and the net gone. Information was given to the police, and it was ascertained that Erdale had sold the net for 20s. to Harry Needham, barman at the Royal George Hotel, who owns a boat, and is a great fisherman. Erdale said that he had lost a bag of potatoes over the side of the hulk, and in dragging for it drew up the net. The bench considered the case proved, and fined Erdale -£o, in default two months' im prisonment. The fine was paid. Needham was paid fees for three davs' attendance, which came to more than the amount he paid for the net. New Telephone Service. — It is hoped by the Post and Tele graph Department that arrange ments will shortly be able to be made for connecting Fremantle with Robb's jetty by telephone. This will be done chiefly in the interests of the shipping people, and more especially for tbe con venience of those imparting cattle, to tbe port The Jtrt Act. — In the Legis lative Assembly on Oct. 13 the Government introduced without notice a bill to amend the Jury Act. The measure was read the first time. Peeth Water Supply. — Mr. George, M.L.A., will ask in the Legislative Assembly next Tuesday for a full statement of the receipts and expenditure of the Metropoli tan Water Works Board in connec tion wiih the Perth water supply. Perth Gas Company. — Ms. G. Leake, M.L.A., gave notice in the Legislative Assemblyjon Oct. 13 tor leave to further amend the Perth Gas Company's Act of 1896. This measure is intended to empower the company to assign its property to the company which recently offered to purchase its interests. A Nastt Accident. — John Darby, a man engaged at the Denmark mills, met with an uglv accident on Tuesday. He was squaring timber with a 12in. axe when by a false stroke the axe struck his right leg below the knee and sliced off not only flesh but also a great piece of bone. He was re moved to tbe Albany Hospital, and is doing well. A New School. — As has been previously stated in our columns, the Hannans Saw Mills Company has offered to erect a suitable school and teachers' quarters at its mills, near Bunbury, and let them to the Government at a nominal rental, provided that a school is established there. The Minister of Education (Mr. H. B. Lefroy, M.L.A.) told one of our representa tives yesterday that he was pre pared to accept the offer of the com pany, provided that the plans of the buildings were first of all sub mitted for his approval. The Yilgarn Electorate. — The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly informed that chamber on Oct. 13 tbat he had received a communication from the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Stone certifying that Captain W. Oats had been duly elected representative of the Tilgarn electorate, and that the petition brought by I. J. K. Cohn having for its object the upsetting of the election had not been upheld. Parliamentary Papers. — The Premier laid the following papers upon the table of the Legislative Assembly on Oct. 13 : — Statistical register, 1 896, and previous years, part two ; operations of London Agency during 1896; 21st annual report of the Lands and Surveys Department ; report of the Govern ment High School ; report on the goals and prisoners ; report of the acting superintendent of relief ; report of the commandant of the local forces ; by- laws of the Carnar von commonage. Gaols and Prisoners. — The! report »n gaols and prisoners for 1896 was presented to Parliament on Oct. 13. It shows a very large increase in the number of commit ments, viz., 473. The largest in crease was at Premantle prison, where 297 more prisoners were re ceived last y.-ar than in the previous cne. The aggregate expenditure of all gaols in the colony was =£22,103 12s. 5d., whiie in 1895 Jt was .£18,220 17s. lid. If the cost of rationing prisoners in charge of the police (.£3,298) be subtracted from the gaol expenditure the aver age annual cost of each inmate of the various gaols is ascertained at .£37 17s. Id. as against JC33 3s. 2J. The increase is attributed to the higher contract rates for pro visions. Wkstealian Trade. — The Mel bourne Ar-jitt; observes : — Reports received from Western Australia concerning the condition of trade arc somewhat unsatisfactory, a sLight reaction from great activity manifesting itself. This was only to be expected, evon with a con siderable gold output, things being generally overdone for a time in such exceptional circumstances as those in which the colony has been placed. For one thing, the Govern ment has in various ?viays 'ueen employing a large proportion of the labor available, and as some of its undertakings are approach ing completion, and as its command of money for new works bas le&sened;, the labor market may undergo a slight congestion for a time. But the tendency to slack ness will doubtless pass away, owing to tbe large and increasing production ef gold. In the mean time credit is carefully watched, and, in fact, from this point of view Western Australian trade has all through been kept on a pretty sound basis. Advertising the Colony. — Upon several occasions of late com munications have been received by the Lands Department from Ger many drawing attention to the ignorance existing there as to both the agricultural and the mining interests in Western Australia, and urging that something should be done to bring before the people there authentic accounts respecting these resources of the colony. So much bas been done in this direc tion by Queensland and the other colonies that the Commissioner for Crown Lands (Mr. G.. Throssell, M.L-A..) has come to the conclusion that Western Australia should also make an effort in that direction. He hopes to be'able to establish in London and elsewhere intelligence offices after the scheme which he propounded some time ago, where all information concerning the colony coirid be obtained. In con nection with the communications from Germany he has arranged for the immediate publication in the German language of pamphlets which will contain all the informa tion necessary for probable settlers in Western Australia, These will be distributed in Germany. Menzies Water Supply. — A j public meeting was held at Men- 1 zies on Oct 13 to discuss the water supply. The tenor of the meeting was in favor of allowing a private company to lay the pipes. Fremantle Municipal Elec tion. — Mr. A. L. Manning bas announced himself as a candidate for the representation of the West Ward in the Fremantle munici pality at the forthcoming elec tions. The Arrest of Mr. Cohen. — Our Kanowna correspondent tele graphed on Oct 13 : — Mr. Stawell, solicitor, representing Messrs. Parker and Parker, Perth, re ceived instructions this morning to cancel the warrant in connection with Mr. J. A. Cohen's arrest. Owing to the absence of the warden no further steps have been taken in the matter, and Mr. Cohen is still in the lock-up. Albany School Board. — A special meeting of the district school board was held at Albany on Tuesday to receive applications for the secretarvsbip of the board. Four applications were received, one from a lady. Father Mateu stood aloof. The board decided not to recommend anyone, but forwarded the applications to Perth, and will ask the minister -to make a selection. Salvation ' Army.' — The open ing of the large tent at the corner of William and Newcastle streets, which is to serve as temporary premises for the 'Army,' was per formed by ' Major ' Gover last evening in the presence of a large number of Salvationists and their friends. Special music was ren dered by the band. The tent, which provides extensive sitting accommodation, should prove ac ceptable during the warm weather on account of its roominess. The Mail Steamers. — The R.M.S. Victoria arrived at Albany from Colombo at noon on Oct 13, and as the yellow flag was flying the medical officer put off to the steamer. He found that tbe Vic toria had called at Aden, an in fected port, 16 days before, but tbe vessel was quite free from disease. In the circumstances the medical officer recommended Dr. Loveerove to allow the passengers to land, but instructions were received from that gentleman that the half-dozen passengers landing at the southern port would have to submit to the unpleasant operation of fumigation. The Victoria left for the east at 8 p.m. Mueller Botanic Society. — Weduesday evening at the meeting of the Mueller JSotanie Societv in Wesley- hall there was a large attendance to hear the lecture delivered by Mr. Bickford on the wild flowers of Western Australia. After paying a warm tribute to the labors of La Perouse, Labillardiere, Drummond, Baron von Mueller, and others in collecting and classi fying the flora of Western Austra lia, Mr. Biekford pointed out the importance of the Mueller Botanic Society carrying on the good work which had been commenced by those botanists. A brief explana tion of the different orders of flowers was then given, special reference being made to the orchidaceous plants. The lecture was illustrated by magic lantern slides, and by several specimens of wild flowers which had been sent from many parts of the colony. A liearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Bickford ou the motion of Mr. Scainmell. Presentation to Mr. James Hayden. — In the Club Hotel at the Port on Oct. 13 a large number of tbe Government railway em ployes entertained Mr. James Hayden, inspector of permanent wav, at a social. Quite recentlv Mr. Hayden has been relieved of the duties appertaining to the direct inspection of the buildings fon the railway lines from Fremantle to Chidlow's Well, and from Perth to Pinjarrah, these having been assigned to Mr. R. Bennie, who will in future attend to them under instructions from the permanent way office. At last night's gather ing Mr. J. J. Fitzgerald, chief clerk to the inspector of permanent wav at Fremantle, occupied the chair, and in his openinc remarks he re ferred in eulogistic terms to the great esteem in which Ilr. Hayden was held bv all those who had worked under him during the 12 years in which he had filled the position of inspector of permanent way. On behalf of the railway carpenters, plumbers, painters, and signal-fitters who would hence forward be under the control of Mr. Bennie, he presented Mr. Hayden with an illuminated address and a gold ring. Mr. Hayden returned thanks in suitable terms. A num ber of toasts were honored, and general harmony was indulged in during the evening. Acting Superintendent op Relief. — The report of the acting superintendent of relief for the year ended December 31, 1896, was laid on the table of both Houses of Parliament yesterday. It was stated that there had been a marked increase in the number of admissions to the Mount Eiiza Depot. The new maternity ward had been largely availed of, especially by married women whose hueba-nds were away or unable to support them. The chief reason assigned for the increased expendi ture of the department was thnt the prices of bread, meat, and milk were much higher than in previous years. Returns were appended to the report giving classified statistics concerning the various institutions un«kr the control of the acting superintendent of relief. Mail Train Delayed. — The mail train from Albany to Perth was delayed about an hour and a half at Bsyswater on Wednesday, through something going wrong with tbe engine. The train reached Perth at about 1 o'clock. BcssELTOir Items. — The ball at Busselton on Tuesday night in aid of tbe Roman Catholic Presbytery was a success. About .£20 was taken. An Afghan was fined 40s. and costs yesterday for having hawked without a licence. Mr. M. Hector. — We under stand that Mr. M. Hector, the en gineer for goldfields water supply, has been granted the three months' leave of absence for which ha recently applied, and that his dvitits will be carried out by Mr. T. Hvdg son, the engin«»r for sewerage and town water supply. Kanowna Town Clerkship. — At Kanowna 8C applications from all parts of the colonies have been received for the position of town clerk and engineer to the local council at a salary of .£350. The matter was to be decided at a special meeting of the council last night. Death op a Military Officer — We regret to have to record the death of Captain Scott, lately com manding officer of the Gerald toa K-ifles. The deceased recently came to Perth for the benefit of his health, and was staying at the Court Hotel, where he was attended to by Dr. M' Williams. Last night the waiter, on taking a telegram to his room, was horrified to find him dead. An inquiry will not be necessary, as it is understood that Dr. M'Wiiliams will give a certifi cate that the cause of death was syncope. It is probable that the deceased will be accorded a military funeral. Nearly Caught in the Act. — At about 11 o'clock on Oct 18 Mrs. Hitch, the wife of Dr. Hitch, of Hay-street west, heard a peculiar noise outside the side window of her drawing-room, which opens on to a right-of-way. On opening the window Mrs. Hitch saw a man on the ground and three others rifling his pockets. She ran to the front, and called out to some men who were passing, but the three men had become alarmed and decamped. They were pursued for some distance but got safely away. The police were telephoned for, and on their arrival they found the fourth man lying in the rightof wav with his pockets turned inside out and his coat almost pulled off his back. The name of the man who was assailed is George Thornton. Annual Wtild Flower Show. — A general meeting in connection with the annual wild flower show was held at The Deanery on the 8th inst., when the honorary treasurer (Mr. J. Muir) pre sented the balance-sheet. The gross receipts for the two dayi were shown to be j£306 3s. 7d., and tbe expenditure .£103 8s. 8d., leaving a balance of £202 14s. lid. to be divided bet-ween the Church of England Girls' Orphanage and the Home of the Good Shepherd. The takings at the stalls were.- — Mrs. Phillips, .£62 Os. 3d. ; Mrs. J. C. Strickland, .£26 ; Mrs. Muir and Mrs. Willis, £23 11s. 7d. ; Mrs. Goldsmith. .£18 3a. lid. ; and Mrs. Hassall, £9 14s. lid. The committee desire to thank all those ladies who so kindly assisted tf make the show a success. Perth High School. — T- « report of the governors of tli^ Perth High School for the ye r ended June 30, 1897, was laid on the table of both Houses yesterday. The report stated that the number of boys on the roll was 71, of vhom lo were boarders. The decrease was attributed to the establishment of other schools. A piece of grouad in tbe Perth Park Reserve, which had been allotted to the school as a playground, was now being cleared by the Public Works Department. During the year a gymnasium and an infirmary had been built m the grounds. The accounts of the school showed a debit balance of £863 Us. Id. The governors stated that they were convinced that if the school was to do justice to itself and the colony an increased endowment was essential. They therefore proposed to ask the Government to increase the endowment from ^6500 to .£1,000 annually. ♦ Disposal of Refuse. — A vit;t of inspection was paid on Saturday, August 14 (says the London Daihj Mail), by a party of the vestrymen of St. Mary, Newington, to the three depot6 established by this vestrv for the disposal of the street refuse of the parish, which amounts on the average to between 50,00^ and 60,000 tons annually. The vestry clerk, Mr. L. J. Dunham, who has organised the system, was able to show that a saving of from £'3,000 to .£4,000 a year ie made by his method as compared witn iue uust uesbrucior. .-\i. Meopham, in Mid- Kent, the dust is mixed with stable manure, and under the name of the Newinsjton mixture is sold to market gardeners as a top dressing. At Sevenoaks the sweepings of the roads nre turned into a deep pond which exists on a freehold estate of 2-r- acres, belonging to the vestry, and eventually, when the pond has been filled, the ratepayers will have obtained several acres of land fit for cultivation. At another depot at Longfield the dust is screened and profitably disposed of as breeze to brkkmakers, while out of other classes of rubbish a composition is formed which has taken the place of brick and stone in the building of the depots. Tbotbues o^jl ' Shapshooteb,' — it Louis GeHari,alawyer,of Nice, made an exenrfikm towards the Italian frostier near Breil the other day, taking a camera with him. As nothing was heard of him inquiries were made, and it has been ascertained that M. Genari was arrested by Italian carbineers on a charge of being a spy. He is imprisoned at Genoa. A Present foe Nansen. — A number of Russian lady admirers of Nansen are preparing, for the Arctic explorer a somewhat unique gift, consisting of a carpet with a map of the North Pole regions embroidered in silks. The places visited by Naasen in his famous Toyage will be worked in silTer and gold thread. The Kaisee. — The German Em peror ought to be a very proud man, as he now holds the position of an admiral in three of the largest navies in the world. If he could only be made an admiral of the French fleet his glory would be complete, but that one can hardly expect. Ghostly Fortune-Telling. — In the London Morning Post a correspondent tells a story of ghostly fortune-telling. The ghost was a lady in a picture at ? in Shropshire, who appeared to a girl, told her that she would be an heiress, would be married for her money, and die in the work house. It all came true. The srirl ' married ? , the son of Lord B., who proved a bad hus band,' and subsequently she died penniless in an Irish workhouse. Emxnent Knockeewrekchers — Nineteen door-knockers, which were mysteriously removed from doors of houses in Basingstoke one night 25 years ago, have been found in a leather bag embedded in the mud of the canal. No evidence was forthcoming as to the identity of the knocker-wrenchers, but they are supposed to have since risen to positions of local eminence, and their feelings on the discovery of the knockers can only be imagined. ' National Life and Chae actbe.' — Queenslanders (says a London contemporary) will be more alarmed than ever when they learn that the late Dr. Pearson's book, ' National Life and Character,' has been translated into Japanese, and is highly esteemed in that country, where also Macaulay's and Emerson's Essays, translated, are readiag books in the national schools. Dr. Pearson in his work wrote of the Asiatics at length ; so no wonder that the Japs are interested- The author thought it rery likely that the yellow m-=n would in some future age overrun the West. TRlBtTTE TO THE MEDICAL PbO fession. — In proposing success to '? The Bradford Koyal Infirmary ' at a maroral luncheon in Bradford latelv, tie Duke of Devonshire said that, tbe arduous labors, the patieuc-*. and the perseverance :-cri i-en -us ^hicb medical men devoted Vj the perfection of their noble i rr.i'ess-'on. and. to the relief of suffering and the cure of disease, ar-l t)-e personal devotion which th'-v b.id shown in sacrificing- their vv.il health and sometimes their owr lites in the cause of their pro iessiCE — these, taken with the STieat results which were shown to bare Been obtained, had made a Jeep irupression on the public mind. They had awakened the consciences oC ruec to a sense, however ina.de cuate -t might be, of the duty which resteu npon them to second the efforts made by those medical men — to offer to this profession the niea.ua which alone could enable them to continue their work with thorough efficiency l-y providing ftmple hospital accommodation and All tiae appliances which their scientific requirements demanded. ?*Ffaix' Mat. — Artist Phil May is on the grumble. 'I am not per mitted by my agreements to Jo any work otttside the Graphic and Punch. The sketches signed with m? name which you some tiu;rs see in other papers yfera done years ago. What the proprietors of these papers do -s w cat off the date which should tippo^r under my signature and tttta-:& some ridiculous so-called ?joke ?shi-:b has nothing to do with the picture. When I put a date on ft sketch I regard it as an integral part of it, and certainly I don't like having those very feeble jokes fathered upon me. This republica tion of my old work seems hardly f~ir t* me, and very soon I hope to bring the whole matter into the courta.' TBfi Worship of Athletics. ? — ' The Worship of Athletics,' on which Mr. Gilkes (the head master of Dulwic-h) writes in the National lievitic. is illustrated bv two capital stories. ' I was present,' says '.he head master, ' when a certain distinguished man was intr'.-diiced to a great English bishop. ' He is the father of P. T. 5 ? ,' said his introducer, naming a youth well known for his powers of cutting.' Mr. Gilkes's other story is like unto it. He was dining the other day with a parent who said, with some feeling in his tone, that he had just taken his son to school, and had seized the opportunity to give the boy the best advice in his power. Mr. Gilkes, in. proper scholastic fashion, said th*t the occasion was well chosen, for that when a boy was going into a strange and somewhat perilous life he needed guidance ; and, moreover, that then his heart was soft and open, and thus he would receive and remember what was said. The father agreed with the head master, and said that the advice which he had given His boy was to take up bowling rather than batting. Euscteic Fxee Ht.hki. — In. order to provide against the emer gency of fire, tbe proprietor of the Imperial Hotel, New Plymouth (New Zealand), has just fitted a system of electric bells throughout his house, so that in case of an outbreak the night porter can set the alarms going in every room simultaneously. The ' Man of Blood akd Ibon.' — Prince Bismarck does not agree with Emperor William's apotheosis of his grandfather. The first Emperor William iB described by the ex-Chancellor as an 'old gentleman who always ran straight at the decisive moment.' This is rather different from the mighty genius who figures in recent speeches in the Rhineland. Prince Bismarck has a natural preference for tbe belief that be, and not the other ' old gentleman,' made the German Empire. New Dining ' Cars. — The London and North-Western Bail wav Company has introduced a new style of second and third class dining cars between Euston and liirminghain, Manchester and Liverpool. Instead of resembling a long room fitted with seats, the new car consists of a number of little compartments with doors, leading into a side passage commu nicating with the kitcben. The charges for an excellent table d'hote are but 3s. (_-J. for first class and 2s. 6d. second and third class. An Extraoedinaet Discovert. — Dalziel's correspondent at Balti more, Maryland, report (soys an eichange) that Dr. Robert Xavier Glering, a young physician of that city, claims to have made a won derful discovery in connection with the ' X ' rays, which is that an ordinary photograph may be sub jected to tbe Rontgen process, and it will disclose the internal organs the same as would be the result were the actual body placed before the rays. Tbe doctor told an interviewer that this latest marvel of ths ' X ' rays establishes a fact hitherto unknown to scientific men, namely, that a photograph is a through and through likeness of the body of the individual. Covered with Money. — A curious freak was indulged in by one Jeremiah Kiley, described as a laborer, who was before the South llelbourno court, on a charge of offensive behavior. He was found Ly Constable Hail to be literally covered with j£l, £5, and £lV notes, which were stowed away under different articles of his attire. Yv hen the constable saw him, tlie man was walking up and down in Draper-street, holding forth on the minimum, wages question. He was noticed everv now and again to tuck up something inside tbe leg of his troupers. In the place indi cated were found bundles of notes. Altogether, notes representing ,£146 and lls. -td. in coin were found on tbe accused, wbo was remanded for medical treatment. Thirty-one Years on Mont Blanc. — A correspondent of the London Daily Ne-icn,mho happened to betbeonlv Englishman present when the remains of Captain Arkwright were removed from the glacier on Mont Blanc, where they had lain for 31 vears, was much impressed by the solemnity of the occasion. ' Never,' lie writes, ' have I ex perienced a momejit so thrilling, 6o filled with painful interest. All except the feet and head were brought to ligLt. The right hand, which had once so firmly grasped the iron-pointed pine pole that even after 31 vcarstbey were found close together, was marvellously lifelike ; the ice had even preserved in it the red tint ol tbe blood.'' Sensational Mtedees in Bel gium. — The Antwerp correspondent of tbe FnU Mull Gazvltr states that Juring the nii_ht oi August 24 two Germans eouiined in the prison at Arlcn murdered the chief gaoler, and Llien Lffeeted their escape. The prisoners were Paul Simons, 20, a shoemaker, of Kochem, Prussia, and Pierre Fuhr. 28, a working man, hailing from Coblentz, both of whom were sentenced in February last to 18 months' imprisonment for burglary. On August 2C two old ladies named Elizabeth and Marie Poorters were murdered at Hem ixeni, near Attwerp. and it in more than suspected that this crime and tb»; escape from the prison at Arlon were not unconnected. The neigh bors saw two nuns callirg upoi. the Poorters. It is now believed that the two ' nuns ' were men in dis puise, who murdered the poor women while partaking of their hospitality. Robbery was obviously the motive of tLe foul crime, but the Tniscreants obtained nothing, for the old ladies kept their money at the office of a notary in Antwerp. What adds color to the theory that the murderers of the prison warder and of tbe sisters Poorters were the same persons is the fact that the wounds in each case were seemingly inflicted by the same instrument. The affair has naturally caused a great sensation in Antwerp. Government Printing Office — With regard to the request of the employes in the Government Printing-office for increased wages, Mr. Petber (the Government printer) informed a Herald repre sentative on Tuesday that it was simply a repetition of what had occurred every year when the estimates came up. In the ordinary course he had made up the esti mates for presentation to the Minister, declining to accede to the request to recommend any increase in the present rate — which ranged froai 8s. 6d. to lls. per day. The employes themselves have not yet decided what further steps they will take in the matter. Action against Rawei. — At the Coolgardie Police Court yester day, Rawei, the Maori entertainer, was sued by a professional musi cian named Rose Myra Lewis for JCb 2s., wages due, and £2 3s. com pensation. Judgment was given for the full amount. A Visit of Inspection. — In- spector M'Kenna, senior police officer on the goldfields, returned to Coolgardie yesterday after a visit of inspection to Menzies, Niagara, Bardoc, and Broad Arrow. He found all the stations in a satis factory condition. An Editor Arrested. — Mr. J. A. Cohen, the editor of the Kanowna himocrat, was arrested and lodged in the local lockup at Kanowna last evening, for having refused to pay the fine of one shilling, and .£'130 costs, incurred in the libel case in which he was recently concerned. FSEMAKTLE ROADS BOARD. ? The monthly meeting of the Fremantle Roads Board was held last night, the chairman (Mr. W. Powell) presiding. It was decided to hold the annual court of revision for the roads board district at 6 o'clock next Tuesday evening, and to hold a general meeting at 7.30 on the same evening in order to devise a scheme for the subdivision of the district into wards, and draw up a more comprehensive system of rat ing. FltEMANTLE SpBING FeTB. ? No trouble or expense is being spared to make the fete which is to be opened in the Fremantle Town-hall this afternoon a thorough success. The hall has been decorated with bunting, fairy lamps, art muslin, flowers, and evergreens. The fete will be open from 3 to 5.30 in the afternoon, and will be re-opened in the evening at 7.30 bv the Mayor (Mr. E. Solomon, M.L.A.') and Mrs. Solomon. Durir.g the course of the evening there will be a musical competition, in which church and Sunday school choirs and soloists will be engaged. Compositors at Variance. — At the Coolgardie Police Court yester day Wni. Drew, a compositor, was charged by W. M'Kenzie, another compositor, with having used in sulting language to him in a restaurant. The prosecutor said that the defendant called him a, ' rat,' but this was denied on be half of the defence. After the hearing of lengthy 'evidence Mr. M'Namara, J.P., said that one side or the other had committed the Grossest perjury. He would simply decide the case by the number of witnesses, and as there were seven for the defence and only four for the prosecution, he would dismiss the charge, each side to pay its own costs. Opening of Parliament. — The second session of the third Parlia ment of Western Australia will be opened by His Excellency the Governor at 3 o'clock this after noon. The ceremonies observed at the first session, which was held a few months ago, will take place to day. The official opening will be held in the Legislative Council Chamber, where the Governor's speech 'will he read in the presence of the members of both Bouses. Alter the reading of the speech, the members of the Assembly will return to their own House, and Mr. H. L. Hall, M.LA. for Perth, will move the adoption of the Address in-Reply. This will be seconded V-y Mr. J. j. Holmes, M.L.A. for East Fremantle, and it is probable that the House will shortly afterwards adjourn. In the Council the adop tion of the Address- in- Reply will be moved by Mr. G. Kandell, and seconded by Mr. 1). K. Congdon. In honor of the opening of Par liament His Excellency the Gov ernor will give this evening at Government-house an ofiicial dinner, to which the members of the Ministry and the judges ai;d military commandant have been invited. In consequence of the extra number of members of the Legislative Council there will net now re so much room in the Council-chamber for those ladies desirous of witnessing the opening ceremony as on past occasions. It will be possible, therefore, to ac commodate only the wives of mem bers of the Legislative Council and of Ministers, and tbe judges of the Supreme Court and heads of re ligious denominations and their wives on the floor of the Chamber, and they are desired to be in their seats at2.4-r- p.m. to-day. 