Chapter XXXYl.—^The Thrall. * " Dudley Ogle !" I echoed-in blank amaze meat. "Are you certaiu that the servant's suspicions were devoid of foundation ?" " Absolutely," she answered in quick breath Iessness. "In those days^E was supercilious and/ disdainful, beingVta'ugEt to regard my dignity as Grand, Duch^s..;with too great a conceit to make;-:a jne^alliance. My mother used constantly to brgclhat-in- the marriages contracted by members of pur family love was not absolutely heeessaryr-^position was every thing. Well, the months went by. We left Algiers, returned to /Petersburg, and soon afterwards my mother died, leaving me alone. I found myself' possessor of - great wealth, and when after a , period of mourning I reappeared in society I was courted and flattered by all sorts and conditions of men. In a year I grew tired of it all and louged to return to England, the land wherein I had spent many years- of my youth ; therefore I engaged a woman to pose as my mother, and dropping my title went to London and lived there as Elia Laing. Then—then I met you," and she .paused, looking earnestly into my face with' her deep . blue eyes. To me she had embodied, everything that,was fair, honorable, and. pure," yet. I :.had - dreaded some sinister peril from anamknowri source. - • "Ahd.we, loved eaqh'other,". I said simply. ' "Yes," she went on fervently.; "But from the firs^,I was fettered, being' unable to act as my heart prompted. I. loved you fondly and knew you wished to make me 'your wife, 'yet I dared not to: !nsk /such it stop Without the per-, /mission of our house.' I w.ent to /Petersburg, explained who and what vou were,-Und era'ved leave- toy marry yon.- A family/--'council was holdi but' the' ^suggestion / was' unanir mously denounced as a piece of sentimental folly. Ab^shallFever fOrget/thatnight? I pleaded to: them upon my knees to Uet -ihe -obtain • hap piness* in -your love,' but they, were inexorable and refused. /• At length, when in. a moment of despair-I threatened/that if- shutput' from-lo ve by the barrier of birth -I; would end my life, a suggestion whs made—a horrible, -//infamous one,/prompted" by -Makaroff, Minis tervof -the Household. '• Yet I- was ready- to '.commit /any act, to dor anything- in order to secure happiness with you. / Permission was given rne to marry' you A on . -condition that; I / entered the Secret Service as - spy/.' - ^ appealed - personally to the Czar, but in vain. You were- in• the Earl of Warnham's confidence and "as it was seen that froth yon I could obtain^ information; which would Da of greatest utility to our Eoreign Department." "So you accejited," I said sternly. "Yes;/: laccepted their abominable condi-. tions because-/I loved y ou so well, Geoffrey," ' she said 'gloomily','; her trembling hand upon my shouldeh'A--'iTlJ';was not my fault, indeed it wasn't., H/Ifi'I/frad\knqwn what was to follow I would: d have./ kiUeA'm/fself rather than bring.: about aUjthe'tr'opble an/d disaster for which I! became/responsible^! , , ,, "No,":Psaid:.- "''Dpri'fr?speak like that." "I woUldi"/ shh . deolgred despairingly.1 "'What'^foirdwed-'/f/was-s-/a> dark mysterious tragedy, while all the time "I knew that you; must suspsct/--that after all you might forsake1 me. Within a week atter binding myself irre vocably to the, Czar's army of spies I made a: discovery that held ine appalled. I found that my master, : the man to whose will I was compelled : to submit, was none other than our .discharged valet- de chambre— the ,.mah _ who two years betor/o had' .declared his love. At the time my. mother had 'engaged him. he,was already'inr the secret service and had no doubt kept/Watch us. He came to me at tbe'Nook and, exulting in the fact/that Iliad become His, puppet, re newed his protestations of affection. ; When, frankly, I told, him/.that I "hated'him and loved only; you," he -at once informed me, with;a. grin of: satisfaction, that the depart ment- in Petersburg. found it compulsory to obtain possession of a copy of a secret conven tion at that moment being concluded between y.our country and/Germany, and that I: must get possession of it /at . any cost,through y.ou: It was in order that I might : betray you, that the. ImperiMpermission had been, given ;to pur .marriage,/. .-..In indignation I, refused,/rWbere "-upoirhe'thfeat'ene'd "to:'expose"'"me"'to"youTis a Enssiah spy, aid I saw only too clearly that: any such revelation must end forever our acquaint tonCe.: He cajoled, urged, threatened, an'd.ex-"; "plained all the elaborate precautions that/had been taken by two clerks in .Russian pay at your /Foreign' Office; in order that on a 'cejfoin'day you should, carry the precious .document in your pocket and how he had prepared'*/the dummy envelope sealed with; your Minister's" seal. At last—at last, after striving long arid vainly against the,^performance - of this ignominious action /thatfl/knew must refidct5 on your honesty, Ah! you can -mev.erj know;! what ,-/agohy.iI suffered. I vorily-. believa that.ih.ythoae/few' days the terrible .vengeance ;of that/scoundrel drove me insane.- --;The/jhideous ghost of the past causes ihe to shudder.whenever/E/think of n. . _ ' v. • I echoed her sigli, but no word escaped me. Her revelations were'astouhdihg. ; ,I haamever susp'eotedher of being aotuhlly a jspy, although the discovery of the^tol^h j coS^option in her jescritoire had lenthplprjt^tHalt'Cvievv. V "I deceived^ yb^Sshev;.wehfcpn in a hard monotonous voice:,ft" But pnly because I loved you so fondly and .dreaded; that this-"man who. had vowed; lohg^agb/M^wreck my life .would' expose and^husv^^.r^;^S^'et I;coyiav£Qt bring myself .to commit the. theft. "Hpwccibidd I place upon <you—the man who;..was.aUdhyall to mo—the stigma of haYing traitoipusly sold your country's ■ secTota^^The'nVan^lwho'.'.held me enslaved and v whQse.V;atte'ntipns:vI:-:.had:, spurned exulted.'ih. hia;: midpy61^!•;: rpyenge;? Once he offered if iTVould renPunee'all thought : of you and treat him^.with/mbre'cordiality'to oommit thecheft himselh:hub^r^use<il.d$idr> mined at all'"hazards to reipain 'with-'you as long as possible. Once "it was- thpugh£;tbat:l the secret convention would, be sent tcvAVaru- j ham Hall and I was compelled to gpYdbwnH there to devise some means or.obtainir^dtti;';-I | found Dudley staying in the^illagp;'and,weTe-(' turned to London together.*f;TEe:'phd;'mtiBit''] soon come, I knew. Therefore' I lived'on ' in. daily terror of what must follow. At last ; the day. dawned on which I had to meet you, at. the Foreign Office and filch from,,.you the bond of nations. After breakfast I stood out on the:!awri by'the sunny river's brink contemplating suicide rather than your ruin,: when'there rowed u'p to the steps Dudley Ogle, who hailed me, inviting me to i)ull up to Windsor and there lunch with him. At once I accepted, and after embarking told him; of my dilemma and besought his assistance. As ypu know he was a;good amateur conjurer and skilled in1 feats of sleight of hand. Without thought, of- the consequences he resolved to commit the theft for my sake, and when I had fully explained all the facts and given him the dummy envelope that the cunning chief of the 'Okhrannoe Otdelenie' had prepared he turned the; boat ; and put me ashoro- at the Nook, afterwards'rbwing rapidly down to Shepperton to change and go.at once to tohdon." . "Jie did this because he loved .you !" I ex claimed sternly. ■: : . .. '•■No," she answered reassuringly. "Poor Dudley was simply my friend, He called on you .aud. extracted .the document from your I pocketwhile you lunched, together, .because: tie. saw iu what a dilemma I was... • •. He kuew I i loved you dearly and never once spoke a single j word of affection to me. ■ That I swear before i heaven;' ' What followed his visit to Downing |street I.haye only a hazy'idea, so full of awful anxieties . was., that:, breathless, day. Prom "Waterloo stationhe telegraphed.to me that he had; successfully secured the agreement and handed it to the chief 'of spies. -' The latter, who had Been' waiting in Parliament-street expecting me, seeing him, took in the situa tion at a glance and approaching him asked for the document which he had given up. An hour afterwards, fearing that you. might suspect me, I telegraphed to you at Shepper ton tb dine with us, .well knowing that already the text of the convention was at that moment being transmitted to Petersburg and that war was imminent. You came; you-kissed me. I loved - you dearer than life, yet dreaded the frightful consequences of the dastardly act -1 had instigated. ; Suddenly, while we were at dinner and you were laughing, happy aud un conscious of the conspiracy against the peace of Europe, a thought flashed across my mind. I well knew that an awful couflict of armed fofces must accrue from my deep, despicable cunning, and it occurred to, me, as. I sat by yqur, side, that J. would, using the secret cipher. X had been provided with, telegraph to Peters burg in the name of the chief of ; spies, assur ing our Epreign Department that a mistake had been inadA. I slipped out and running down to the telegraph office just before it closed sent,a, message to an', unsuspicious; looking addreaSj .stating that- the. text of the conven tion already sent had been discovered to be that of a rejected: draft and not that of the actual defensive alliance that had received the signature of the Emperor William." " Then it was actually this message of yours that prevented war;!"""I gasped in- profound astonishment. ": ; "Yes," 'she answered. "Bifore receipt of ■my telegram all-preparations were being .made for the commencement of hostilities, but on its arfivar tba Gzar at once countermanded the mobilisation order and Europe was. thereby spared'a'-terrible and bloody, conflict.; Ah ! •that was indeed a memorable night, brought to a eonolusion by-a dark and-terrible tragedy." Her'astounding; disclosures held me dum founded. I" remembered ivividly how, during our lunch at thei.Ship, Dudley had, risen and gone out to the bar to speak to an acquaintance. It was .at that, moment, having stolen the document from me, he glanced at its register number; and'imitated it upon .the..dummy with which-Ella had provided him. .■ V "But',how 'came; yog possessed :of the original of the cphybntiph ?' I asked.; A, week before,: !,fled from youfl' received it by post anouj'mously," she.replied.. .".When •compelled-by my enemy., to leave you . and re •fcufrih'ere to my true position I: unfortunately left it; behind and knewthat, sooner or later,, you iriust'discov'er it: "The man who, with the Czar's authority, held me under the lash still holds me, the plaything of liis spite, and threatens that.if I allow you to come here and occupy your rightful place as my husband he SyilXdehbunee. me"to the British- Government as.a spy.; Hence'' I am ;still lifs -puppen ; still held by "it bond of guilt that I dare not break asunder.", ■ "i3e;patient-," urged Soma, m a deep, calm voice. "Bo patienfcand' you/shallyet be free." : ':'\V '' • " Ah, Geoffrey,"; solihed; my \yifej;_ her blanched, tearful 'fade bUrie'd- in* her haiids, ''you can never,' I fear, forgive. After all, notwithstanding the glamor that must surround me as Grand Duchess, I am but a mean, despicable woman who foully betrayed ycu, the mau who loved nie." , _ , "You atoned for.your crime, by your suc cessful effort to preserve the peace of Europe," I answered. _ _ \ _ " Yes, yes," she cried with a quiver in her voice there, was no. mistaking for any note save that of loye, " but, alas, I am in the power of an unscrupulous knave who parted us becaiise he saw me happy with you. Can you ever for give me? Can you, now you know of my unwoythiness, ever say that you love mo as truly as you did in those bygone days at the Nook? Speak. Tell me." ■ ' " Yes," I answered, fervently pressing her closely in affectionate embrace. "1 forgive you, everything, darling. You sinned;. but, held .as_yoii. have been by the hateful con ditions imposed, upon you by a base unprin cipled villain, I cannot blame but only pity you; ' ' "Then you still love me, Geoffrey?" she cried, panting, gazing up into.my face. .^'PoriaiKwenrtentnn'til'iiny lips met hers in a long'and fpnd caress. In those moments of ecstasy I was conscious of having regained the idyllic Happiness long lost- Even though her story iyas full-of bitter and terrible sorrow and rendered 'gloomy by the .tragic death of her self-tacrificihg: friendj' f'the; truth nevertheless brought back to m e th e joys and pleasures of life that hot.ldng.hgo' 'I believed, had'departed from ihe for ever. _ Vy Agaih and again our lips met with mur mured words :of tender passion—she declar ingthat her crime had. been'flagitious and un pardonable, yet. assuring; me of what I now felt con vinced,' that her loVehad been unwaver ing. If it. were not that she had resolved to renounce her title and. become my wife she would never liave fallen ben'eath the vassalage of; the , iufamous j scoundrel,who sought her social ruin. yd; - -v • Thus; we -stood .-together • locked.,ineach other's arms, exehangingonceagain vowsof-lpve eternal,- while Sonia -.stood - watching iis, sad, Bileut, and motionless save for,a deep sigh that once escaped 'her. -She knew, that; supreme fiappiuesa had come to the woman she had once denounced as my. bitterest foe. 