NOVEL. The Kiss of Gold. By KATE JORDAN. CHAPTER II. — (Continued.) 4 Now it has failed, as I feared. But what of that ? I know you well, — have we been friends so long for nothing ? — and I say that when you have fought harder battles and perhaps failed again, when you have suffered more, the men and women you write of will be human. Some day you will be all I expect you to be. I know it. 1 believe in you, Tom.' He could not see her face now, but the sense of her n earness touched him with a Wfiwift, evanescent feeling of delight. Some thing in her voioe disturbed hiB heart again to a dawning hope and a riot of feverish questioning. ' I believe in you, Tom.' A forecast of triumph rang in the words. There was not time for more confidences before a light, irregular footstep sounded in the hall. Virginia hurriedly lit the lamp and looked intently at her father as he opened the door. What she saw there gave a quick, strained anxiety to her expression, irresist ibly tonohing. He was a striking figure. His small pink- and-white face and delicate features told nothing of the insenate excesses in which a fortune had been squandered. Sixty years of life had whitened the hair falling like floss from a bald crown, but he did not cry quarter to Time. Age had come and found him rebellious. He kept his chin up, and never confessed that fierce premonitary tremors passed at unlooked-for moments over his frame. His clothes were youthful and unusual. A cream colored coat, worn at the seams, but Btainless, fitted tightly, foppishly, at the waist and fell in a clerical frock to the kneeB. A long brown cape was folded acrosB his breast after the manner of a shawl. He belonged to the past quite as much as the llouse he lived in. As he swayed uncertainly ,i in the doorway he Beemed to have t-tepped from a forgotten canvas to be for a single moment embodied in the lamplight. 'Ah, Tom,' and he wagged his head unsteadily, ' so you have come over to us ? Welcome ! A guest beneath my roof is always, welcome. Eh, Virginia? Why don't you smile and say yes ? If we are poor, my girl, we know what hospitality means. We know that a crust may be divided among friends and taste the sweeter for it. Assure —as Bure's my name is Rufus Kent, I'd rather, by heaven, sit down with a friend — mind, with a friend, that's the point — to a dinner of herbs, than in solitary magnificence before a stalled ox. My sentiments, young man._As Touchstone said, 4 a poor thing, IMt my own.' Tom took the proffered hand in its faultless glove and gave it a rough grip. ' v 'Tour guest?' he was thinking. 4 You old scamp ! You don't know that nearly every penny of your beggarly annuity goes to buy your clothes and whiskey, that Vir ginia, does copying and painting when you are asleep and wears one gown month in and month out that the bills may be paid, that ' . my weekly payment for bed and hoard will be more than acceptable. You don't know it, and — no matter what Virginia says — I think you wouldn't care a hang if you did. If you had your deserts you'd have been pitched in the river long ago.' Somehow his own failure made him un usually bitter to Mr. Kent's shortcomings. The world's hard knocks may eventually teach resignation, but who can say that while the bruise is aching the brute within us does not snarl ? As the old man kissed Virginia on the forehead, a pathetic paternity savoring of the theatrical in the caress, he did not dream how intensely Tom longed to call him a few hard names in sound Anglo-Saxon. He stumbled a little, and sank into the most comfortable chair, his murky eyes half closing. ' Tea ! Ah, what is more grateful to a tired body than a cup of tea ?' This was a staple remark, always delivered with gusto by Mr. Kent after lengthy communion with mixed drinks . 4 The fragrance of it ! The sorcery of home is exhaled from a cup of tea. But — I hope, my dear, yon have some thing else ? A chop, or a bit of salad.' Virginia watched him as he looked across the tips of his delicate fingers in fuddled meditation, and felt hor face burn. Her joyous anticipations of the firBt night spent together had been deplorably amiss. Tom was discouraged and silent, half angry with her and enraged at the world. Her father had returned after one of his 4bad days,' when the remembrance of all he had misused and lost stung him to think and perhaps find the ghost of his old pleasures in the hazy enchantment offered by strong liquor. Ah, there was hope for Tom. He would forget this disappointment. He would join the race again. He had still a lance to throw. But poor old dad ! perhaps she did not half guess what thoughts tortured him. She knew his annuity trickled through his fingers now in small personal extravaganoes just as the thousands had gone when she was a little child, but she could not blame him. To dresB presentably and drop in upon old friends for a chat and a glass of port, some times to dine with them in the club where once he had shone with unequalled brilliancy, or to pay for an orchestra chair when an old comedy was presented, were the surviving joys of his decadence. His friends did not know in _ what corner of the town he had hidden himself, did not remember he had a daughter; frequently he forgot that faot himself. And meanwhile Virginia worked and saved, stealing only odd moments for her reading and musio, practising depressing economies that robbed her cheeks of color and sometimes gave to her deep eyes an expression of fear. But she loved the old man. Her pity for what she termed his misfortune made her tender to his faults. Not bo Tom, who had watched the pitiful little tragdey for two years. This exhausted spendthrift, this cold materialist with a dreamer's eyes, this autoorat with a voice of honey, suave, dainty, well mannered, he disliked as much as his native geniality permitted. Tom threw himself on a lounge, and, shading his moody eyes from the lamplight, watched Virginia as she went lightly from onpboard to table, noted the streak of waver ing pink staining her cheek, the eagerness with which she hurried to anticipate her father's maudlin requests. 'Ah, Virginia, how stoical you are! how steadfast ! how tender and passionate !' be thought, a deep, warm pity rushing into his heart. And he had been impatient with her for telling him an unpalatable truth, had raged at one more defeat and turned irom her in bitterness ! He had dared do this ! Had he forgotten how often he had seen her smile in the face of despair P His repentance, like all his moods, was quiok and intense ; the desire to make amends tormenting, unappeasable. He wanted to tell her what a brute he felt him self. He was conscious of a sudden warm impulse 'to fold her in his arms and comfort her. The physioal helplessness of woman! — what a lovable misfortune it must always seem to a strong man ! Every movement of Virginia's young figure, the subdued ex pression of her prond little mouth, the daunt- ltbs pose of her head, appealed to him, awaking the instinct of protection until it throbbed an importunate fire in his heart. ' If I could help her !' he thought, with savage longing. While regarding her more intently than he knew, her eyes — those lovely eyes, more green than brown, and to- night more golden than green — met his, in a questioning, en treating fashion, and the look stirred him strangely. A warm flood poured over his heart. His veins pulsed heavily with an incomprehensible fever never known before, and the pain of it was nervous and sweet. As he had felt for a brief moment when he stood by her side in the mysterious twilight, so he felt now, only the strangeness, the pain, the delight, were intensified a hundred fold. He drew his breath with a feeling of awe. After dinner he sat down to read. It was useless. His heart-beats were hot and thick. A medley of indefinite speculations crept be tween him and the printed page. He threw himself upon his bed and tried to think what he should do, now that he had forsworn the miristry and the possibility of success as a dramatist bad shrivelled under that day's blight. But that was useless too. He started to his elbow and looked with excited eyes into the darkness. He felt he was not alone. It was aB if a presence stood at his side, a new truth upon its lips, a gift within its hand. 4 Do you not know me P a voice of oryataj sweetness seemed to whisper. ' I come to all men sooner or later. Some find me early, and some when youth is gone. I oome by strange ways: I weave strange spells. The heart that once feels my lava touch is never the same again. There is naught to with stand me. For I am Love.' CHAPTER III. It was close upon eleven when at length he quitted the house. The mood of the night had charged. A light drizzle filled the air ; a red vapor rolled across the sky, in broken places and giving glimpses of deeper murkiness beyond. Eog-horns bellowed from the river. Freight trains like dingy ser pents crawled past the western boundary of college campus and went hissing into the fog. He paused irresolute for a moment after the gate clanged behind him, then crossed the street and entered the college grounds. An unquiet spirit possessed him as he strode along the familiar paths. He was only a trespasser in this placo where hitherto he had roamed at will, but whether he was seen or not was of little consequence. He had escaped from his quiet room into the wet, massy darkness to question himself. The vapor that garbed every tree in ghostly robes, the light sweep of the wind passing his ear like a woman's sigh, the peace here, and the reminders of life on the river and market-places beyond, were all old and dear to him. They had helped him before. It was not of his rejected play he was thinking. Somehow the keenness of the sting left by failure had subdued. In fancy he saw a woman's face,— Virginia's face. It seemed to float before him, sometimes the eyes hidden as with a veil, sometimes the sweet, proud mouth. He was filled with this new feeling that in the twinkling of an eye had rushed over him. Was it love ? Love ! Oh, the ecstasy ringing in the soft vowels, as he murmured them in a tender semitone ! Hitherto he had written of love, had believed that he understood it. But to-night in every fibre he felt the illimitable, untrans latable difference. He had been a blind ' man dwelling on the beauty of light he had never seen, — a stay-at- home describing the marvels of lands never journeyed through ; his heart had been sleeping while in his writings he had prated of passion. But this sweeping forgetfulness of self even in a bitterly critical moment, this reach ing out to the flooding immersion in the personality of another, this madness that shook him, trailing its seductive sweetness over his soul and making him light-headed, this insistent burning in his blood, this yearning newly born, — this was love. He flung himself into a restful position againBt a tree and looked over at the windows where at times Virginia's shadow touched the shade. His face had grown haggard, his eyes were alight. Oh, he loved her. It seemed now he had always loved her. 4 To tell her — oh, to tell her!' was his unuttered cry. Oh, if I had something to offer worth her taking ! — not my beggar's portion, not the ashes of my dreams. Virginia—dear, tender, sweet -voiced, strong- hearted Virginia, I am not fit to love you.' And now a state of feeling beyond ex pression or definition assailed him and held him aB in a coil. It was strange, subtle, exquisitely sad. The mist and rain were part of it, the blustery darkness, the troubled breath in the trees, the longing and indecision n his rouI, the ache of passion, the ambition so limitless and unavailing, , the dull ac quiescence of the conquered. How merciless destiny seemed in that moment ; How empty the world ! The race so long, so tiring, pending — even at the best — in what P He was stirred to an eostatio sadness. Something vital quickened in his con sciousness. The serenity of his fair, uutempted years sank from sight, and he seemed to look down an illuminated depth into the very heart of life. Love and death were there; agony and sin ; joy, derision, temptation, despair ; the curse of the suioide, the laughter of young girls, the sorrow that cries in the night. It wbb all so terribly clear. It racked him, inundated him, knitted itself to him. One after another faceB arose, young and old, hands seemed outetretohed. He heard words that contained the glory and fire of diamonds, bo real they were, so trenchant. Oh, if be could tell the wonderful story that unfolded itself before him like a scroll upon the darkness, — might not some stand and listen? He shivered and looked around, emerging from his waking dream as from a trance, and almost startled to find himself alone. What was this marvellous change ? He waB as one born again under new conditions, with keener faculties for reasoning and feel ing. A fire had touched him, — the fire of love. It lightened the dark places of his nature, melted the crust that held the current, of knowledge imprisoned, and he felt stimu lated to walk victorious where before he had stumbled. He thought of the play that but a short while sinoe had been so dear a thing to him. Crude, false, and sterile it seemed now. And yet to venture again, — dare he do it ? Even while he questioned, he knew he must. His fingers . tingled to grasp a pen. The delight of the artist, the creator, quivered through him. It was tempered by a sickening edge of dread, but still it was delight. In a little while he was again in his own room, teating the leaves of the rejected play to pieces. He flung them into the grate and touched themwitha match. 'Virginia was right,' he said, his voi broken, as if he had run a long way, and indeed his inner self had journeyed too far, . undreamed of heights that night : you are false. Not a word of you shall live.' He stood with bowed .head watching the papers. They rustled in a swirl of wind and flame, subsided into spasmodic flickerings, and nothing was left but a handful of charred fragments, light as thistle-down. ' God, help me ! Give me my dream,' he murmured, his lips scarcely moving. A sustained burst of deep-toned sound from the organ floated to him through the closed doors. It thrilled him to the heart.' He seemed to hear Virginia's stanch words in their delicate intonations : ' I believe in you, Tom.' Louder the musio rolled, higher, sweeter, one keen minor note transcending the heavier volume and crowning it like a star. The man's longing eyes brightened ad he listened. The festival of harmony-- augmehted his strength. His love rushed :out to meet it, like flood meeting "flood. ' Virginia seemed playing a paean of- sanctified victory fit for a Crusader who holds his standard aloft, though a rankling wound pales his lips. He would accept her message. Until the last vibration had sunk to a caressing whisper, he stood entranced- CHAPTER IV. The inspiration did not desert him. All day, and far into each night, he wrote with felicitous ease. No hint of his love passed his lips to Virginia. Pride with a promise of ultimate victory in its warning voice bade Passion wait : 4 You are nothiDg, you have nothing now, but some day you will. Some day you may dare ask her to add her love, the richest jewel, to a measure already full.' And so the time went by with an outward seeming of uneventful quietude, and October came. Virginia sat alone one bright afternoon. She was painting a panel for a fashionable shop that was pleased to aooept her work aud pay as little as was possible for it. Her head was bent low, and a loosened strand of hair swept down her cheek. Her figure in its inclined position revealed a supple strength and complete repose. The little maid who helped her about the - house had departed, and the room was quiet, save that a tiny white kitten purred before the stove and the clock tioked upon the mantel. And how a clock can tick in a silent room ! Question it, it answers you. Sit mute, and it voices your thoughts. Vir ginia laid her brush down and listened to it. There was something pathetioally childish about her as she sat there, her chin upon her open hand, her dilated eyes couched under the delicate brows, mirroring the paesionat regret that of late had poisoned all her days. She was not in Tom's confidence now. She did not share his walks. The gay familiar companionship, so unutterably dear, was ended. He did not know— ho never must know — how often she had crept to his door late at night, to listen to the scratch of his impetuous pen. _ Perhaps her words had-atung him to such violent aotivity he wotild soon leave them to fight fortune in . a wider field. A startled breath broke-' upon her lips. What would this place be without him? What would her life be? The dock answered with a . cynical, knowing tick. A shadowy wave of desolation rushed over her, and the room grew dark. Her hands fell down helplessly. The clock tioked louder, like a garrulous crone foretelling disaster. 4 Virginia P' fell upon her ears with a soft suddenness that startled her. The panel slipped from her knees, and, grasping the arms of the ehair, she turned her head, to find Tom standing above her. ' I have been watching you for a full minute, he said, throwing his hat down and drawing over a low stool, so that he faced her. In the hushed, masterful whisper she recognised something unusual. Something unusual was in his face, too. Repression was there, excitement, joy. 'I didn't hear yon oome in, Virginia answered, his voioe Bounding thick and far away in her own ears. She half stooped to draw back the pieoe of Batin on which a bunch of daisies was still wet. He caught her hand, and with gentle fingers that brooked no resistance took the thing away and placed it out of her reach. 4 Dear little hand !' and hiB voice was heavy with love, 4 dear, faithful little hand ! , Let it reBt awhile here, Virginia.' The girl shivered as one does who rushes from a cold vault into the sunlight. 4 Look at me ! she heard him saying in a half-suppressed voice of intense exultation. 4 1 am the happiest fellow in New York. You told me you believed in me. You told, me that. Oh, Virginia, how these words have stayed with me ! And you were right. I have succeeded. My last play was accepted, and by the man who rejected all the others.' _ A boyish laugh of pure delight left his lips, and he sank on his knees beside her. 4 I'd like to set all the bells in the ohapel pealing, call out the fellows, and tell them the exchange was not so bad, after all. Not so bad, — eh, Virginia?' he asked, thinking how lovely were the velvet deeps of her eyes. 4 It is so sudden, so strange. But, oh, there is such gladness and light in my heart for you, Tom ! Tell me more, tell me all about it.' He leaned closer ; she felt his hand upon her shoulder ; his mouth in its lithe, boyish curves was very near her own. 4 There is ' something else I must tell you' '' firBt, ' he'said, slowly. . . (To bb ooxmruxD.) 