[By the Vagrant.] J. O'D.— Peveril is by The Works (by Fireworks, by Kelpie, from Baroness, by Boiardo, imp.) from May (dam o£ Shanks; for whom Comgan cave 200 guineas), by Bulginbar from La Yalotte, by New Warrior (imp.) from Fair Eilen. It is probable that tho Victorian hurdle racer 31itz will be sent to England. Old Clo', the heroine of the reoent Narrabri meeting, has arrived at Randwick. Mr. Oxenham'a cast-off Laura was sold at Cool gardie a few days ago for 171 guineas. At Sandown Park on Tuesday Joe Brown's cast-off The Hall (by Zano) won another race, the Flying Handicap. The principal event went to Damien. Although Mr. John Daly has been appointed handicapper for the A.J. C., he states that he will continue to allott the weights at Warwick Farm. The Queensland racehorse Tornado, who is fancied in the northern colony for the Metrop., in which he is handicapped at 7bt. 71b., has arrived in Sydney. Mr. H. C. White appears among the nominators for the English Derby of 1899. He is represented by a colt claiming parentage of St. Serf and Stethoscope. Advices by tbe English mail state that Charles Harper, of Blackpool, who is regarded as the fast est runner in the world, has been baoked to give C. A. Bradley, the erstwhile amateur, 1J yard in 100 for £200. ? Advices from Melbourne say that Mr. S. Miller, who leased O'Trigger, haB tired of him, and the horse is to be returned to his owner's station. If this be true, O'Trigger is not likely to fufil his Caulfield and Melbourne Cups engagements. The Australian horse Merman was given a run in the Tower Handicap Plate, one mile and a quar ter, at the Leicester meeting on July 20. In a field of six he was well backed at 4 to 1, but could get no nearer than third to True Art, the favourite, who carried 8st 41b to Merman's 8«t 81b. The Coolgardie Cup of £500 was run for on Saturday, when Tom Payten's cast-off Le Var and Paul Pry ran first and second respectively, Black wood being third. The first-named is by Lochiel out of La Valotte, and the other ia alBo by the Prince Charlie horse, but he is out of Busybody (dam of the Meddler.) Two of the best colts among the Wellington Park hatch of yearlings are said to be a brown son of Hotchkiss and Frailty and a rich bay aon of St. leger and Cissy. A dark chestnut, brother to True Blue, and a powerful colt by HotchkiBS from Lady Cureton are also well spoken of by recent visitors to the Wellington Park stud. Jack O'Lantern and Redavni were at the end of last month making the most satisfactory progress in their preparation of all the horses in training in Ceylon for the Governor's Cup. Tom did not please the touts. The betting was 2 to 1 on Jack o' Lantern, even money on Redavni, and 3 to 1 v. Tom, while a couple of points longer were available about Norbert. y The death is reported from Wanganui (N.Z.) of the thoroughbred stallion Vanguard, by Treducer from En Evant. Vanguard had a very successful career on the turf, and waa a member of a string of racehorses with which the Hon. W. ('Ready Money') Robinson visited this colony some years ago. A number of useful horses hav# been sired by Vanguard, the best of them being perhaps Skirmieher. Fleet Admiral's owner, Mr. ' J. Rowan,' is laving very bad luck with Thunder Queen. She has been absent from the track since she fell at the Adelaide Racing Club's meeting on Saturday week, and it is feared her injuries will affect her future racing career. The crack colt, too, iB in Queer street, aud Royal Admiral was left in the A.J.C. Epsom and Metropolitan Handicaps apparently by mistake, as it iB not expected he will take the trip. He is in the Caulfield Cup at 8st lib. Where is Roka ? This is a question which iB beginning to agitate the minds of Bportsmen in Sydney and Melbourne. It waB generally under stood that Mr. M'Sweeney's colt was beinp treated to a rest, but during the past week he has been baeked in Melbourne for the Cups, and an impres sion is gaining ground that Portaea's brother has been ' smoked away' somewhere where is doing a quiet but satisfactory preparation. People dearly lnve a mystery, hence all their interest in Reka. A Melbourne scribe sayB that Wait-a-Bit has not improved at all in appearance since the Autumn meeting, and that he did not compare at all favour ably with Mora, another of Malua's progeny, who was walking about the paddock at Caulfield on Saturday last. The Malua horse Malto made such a one-horse race of the Welter Handicap that he iB now mentioned in conneotion with the Canl ?fiald and Melbourne Cups, in which he has 7st 21b and Gat 121b respectively. Since his win on Satur day £500 has been offered and refused for him. Mr, Walter Eales, who is ' master of the horse' at Dackcnfield, tells me that the crop of yearlings at tho old stud is a particularly fine one, and he is more impressed than ever with the youngsters by the beautiful Russley, who promises to do credit to , 'his high lineage, n&w; that he is receiving a fair chance among good mares. However, I found a false note in Mr. Eales's song of joy, caused by the ? death of Tornado, a fine mare by Gang Forward from Typhoon, who was in foal to Russley. She was dam of Tempest, the New Zealand Cup winner. Backers as a rule do not look amongst the top weights for the winner of the Cesarewitch. Those, therefore, who were searching for tbe ' pea' in 1881 did not favourably regard St. Gatien'a chan^e. A three-year-old with 8at 101b was not by any means the punter's good thing. ' Iu my idea,' said an intimate friend to Mr. Hammond, ?' you've set St. Qatien a big task to win this race with such a heavy weight.' ' Very likely,' responded i .Jack confidently,. ' but the others have a .greater ?task to beat him.' 'Will history repeat itself with ?Anrura ia this year's Melbourno Cup p A fielder who did business at the recent meeting -at Narrabri tells me 'that the pencillers introduced ion innovation there, and ao far as I can recollect ifc is certainly a precedent, but an acquaintance assures me he reoiembers a similar affair on the Newcastle fiat when Killaloe was a great favourite. Old Clo' 'was regarded as such a moral for the Jockey Club Handicap on Ithe second day, despite her welter burden of lOat. lib., that the members of the ring oarefnUy put her. in the bag and laid odds about what would be second ! This gave them an excuse for short prices and they made the beat use of it. One of tho laziect horses and worst workers ever fleen at Randwick ia the imported Positano,, and ft only that he has well proved himself to bo a galloper might, from his doings in private, be put 4own na unworthy of being kept in training. Yes 'A torday morning he essayed to mu once round the course proper with the^Queensland.crack Battalion, bnt dropped out when half the distance had been ?got over, and finished ever so many lengths in the xear, Positano ia a totally different horse in public, but is Baid to he a terrible savage in private. I do not think he will fulfil his Victorian engagements. ^ A fable has been published, giving the winninp sires for the past season. Newminster, thaukB to Newhaven, ia found at the top of the list with | ?69181, representing 30 winning races ; Tronton (40 ' wins) is next, with 47326 ; and then come in order Lochiel i!71B2, Robinson Crusoe £4950, Splendor £4807, Boolka£4l47, Glorious £3833, Trident £3803, Grand Flaneur £3705, Gozo £3698, Thunderbolt £3334, Carbine £324G, Neckersgat £3207, Richmond £3007, and Abercorn' £3005. Sunrise had mora winners than any other horse, no fewer than 30 of his.descendnnts getting into first place and thoy won him £2338. A Sydney sportsman who has spent ^he greater part of the last twelve months in England has written to a friend in thie colony stating that he if quite in love with racing affairs and the chance of winning money in tho old country. He says ' The money iB there, and one can win a3 much over a comparatively Bmall race as on the MelbDurne Cup.' He does not think it very hard to win any one of those events. So impressed is he with tho opportunities offered that he ia making arrange- . ments for a small team to be sent home, and already ono of our principal studmasters has put by a couple of youngsters which, he hopea, will prove goo a enough to, ' flatten the Britishers out.' Tom Payten's Etring of horses in Sydney has I lately recoived three valuable two-year-old additions from Mr. J. R. Smith's Tucka Tucka stud. One ia the brown colt Gauleon (brother of Gaulue), by Gozo from Industry, by Musket from Pt-arl Ash ; another ia the brown oolt Wood lark, by Gozo from Procella, by Grand Flaneur out of Auk; nnd the other is a small unnamed bay colt, by Gozo from the J.L. filly, by Grand Flaneur from tho Marchioness filly ; nnd, bred as they are, ' they should succeed iu adding to the reputation of | tbeir birthplace. Gauleon, who is fully. 1G hands, and Woodlark are engaged in tho A.J.C. Champagne 1 Stakes, and the Derbiea and St. Legera of tho A.J.C. 1 and V.R.C. J I waa speaking to the veteran John Dines at Rutherford the other day abont Steward, and he told ma the trouble with the beautiful little bay was in the fetlock, where he has n very bad windgall. Now that tbero is. plenty of water in tho river at Singleton, Steward has been indulged in ' swimming, and has also been doing gentle exercise on the grass. ' I think I'll be satisfied with him, ' though, when I win the Epsom,' remarked the old 1 gentleman smilingly. ' You've got to get him to 1 tho post first,' I interjected. ' Oh, he'll be there 1 all right,' wna the reply ; and then the veteran ' walked off and put a fiver on Ovid, regardleB3 of ] tbe fact that tradition limits him to the investment 1 of a sovereign only. When the last mail left the probability of a match botween .Persimmon and Galtee More was being discussed. The respective owners — The - Prince of Wales and Mr. Gubbins — wure said to be i agreeable to the match. Persimmon only had four ' opponents in. the Eclipae Stikes, and odds of 100 to - 12 were at the last moment freely laid on tho Prince ] of Wales's colt. Shorter odds wero accepted by tho ring when tho betting opened, one wager noted being £6000 to £1,000 on. Persimmon beat Velas- i quoz by a good two lengths, Bav Ronald being third, Bradwardine .fourth, .and Beato last. The race was worth £9285 to the winner, thia bringing ' up Persimmon's total winnings during hia career on the turf to £34,706. At the- Stockbridge meeting held recently on the Hampshire Downs, near the Danebury stables, now presided over by Tom Cannon after being, t held for mote than a century by repre- | sentatives of the famous Day family (one of whom Cannon mimed), the Hurstville Stakes, a race for £1000 for two-year- olds, waa won by Blare, a colt by Herald out of Chantress, i with Petty Frnnce second, and Galtee More's half sister Sugarloaf third. Petty France, who is a daughter of St. Simon, is notable as having been the highest priced yearling of last senson, fetching 5100 guineas at Doncaster in September. She promises to be a better animal than many for which ; big figures have been paid. Mr. Quinton was well to time on Monday with the weights for the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap, to be run over a mile and a quarter and 100 yards on the 4th proximo, and with True Blue in the list he had not much trouble in finding a top weight, albeit 9st 81b is just a little more than I fancy Mr. Hooks expected tne big horse to receive in face of his recent indifferent form. Survivor, Valiant, and Projectile have all been nicely balanced, but [ at an even 9st Kallatina does not wear an enticing appearance, and my favourites for tbe handicap are Woodford, Gaulus, Quadrat, Rebel Queen, Blue Vest and Agats, but of course the proximity of the A.J.C. meeting may considerably interfere with the intentions of owners of racehorses engaged. The annual report and balance-sheet nf the Moree Racing Club for the past season indicate generally a satisfactory state of affairs, considering the dis astrous circumstances by which the district waa affected during tho past 12 monts. The club com menced the year with a bank overdraft of £322 and closed in practically the same position, after award ing £400 prize-mouey and meeting the current ex penses. The present value of the permanent im provements on the racecourse ia over £1000, and an effott is bein^ made to secure a freehold title to the land, which at present is leased from the trustees. Arrangements will also be probably made whereby subscribers to the anniversary race meeting will amalgamate) with tbe Moree Racing Club, which will then hold two meetings yearly. For the High Weight Handicap, run attheNew marKet Second July meeting, and which we learnt by cable the Sydney mare Acmena won, there were seven starters. The Prince of Wales' Oakdene was favourite at 9 to % His Reverence, a horse who has shown good form thia year, being at 3 to 1, and Acmenn, whoae patty supported her spiritedly, at 100 to 30. Tho distance waB a mile and three fur longs, and Acmena, ridden by Bradford, led all the way, and won in a canter by aix lengths. The daughter of Martini-Henry and Acme carried 8at 7'b, and waa in receipt of a stone from His Rever ence, who finished second. Acmena wsb trained by Mr. F. W.. Day, who u*ed to train at Randwick for Mr. S. Hordern. The Sporting Life refers to Acmena aa being a valuables addition to the ranks of stayers in England. The late John Roberts once took part in a little adventure that subsequently afforded him much amusement. During his stay in a certain town while on business, the champion cueist strolled into a billiard room where the local talent wbb wont to shine, or imagine that it did. One habitue of the place waa indulging in a few fancy shots when Roberts entered tho room. Not impressed by the new comer's appearance, the player volunteered to have a hundred up with the unknown, a challenge that waa promptly accepted. Aftor the native had given a miss, John prepared for business. ' Waiter,' said he. turning to the attendant before attempting to strike the balls, ' bring thia gentle man whatever he requires to drink, a cigar, and a newspaper. He won't be required again in this game.' To the provincial's amazement Roberts carried out hiB programme, and ran out in a single break. While the blcod '-6took sales were on at New market (Eng.) a few weeks ago the Auttralian crack, Newhaven, waa paraded, aud thia is what tho Special Commissioner in London Sportsman wrote of him: — 'Tho first attraction, ao far as speotHtorR were concerned, was the Australian champion, Newhaven, who waB led about with a boy ou his back. He is a chestnut with just a narrow blaze, and has some obviously good points, such as .clean good legs aud big open feet, but making all allowances tor his condition — which naturally is at its worst, seeing that he was very hard run hefora leaving Australia, and had an ex ceptionally bad journey home— I must say that be did not fill the eye aH being even tho framework of a really high- class horse, and his hocka are cer tainly capable of improvement'. . There can be.no doubt, all tbe same, that be ds a good one when at. his beat, though, like Robert the Devil, hia book record seetns to show that he Jiices winning when he can do so easily.' A peculiar tiotting case is narrated by tho Hawera (N.55.) r-apor ns having been dealt with there. Mr. E. Oarthew sued Mr. R. H. Kivell for £10 damages to the value of the former's trot ting maru Miss Cant. The facts were as follows : — Mr. Kivell borrowed a horse from a Mr. Lynn to ride to Toko races. On the way he found his mouut could trot, and jso being fond of sport, he entered her for a raco. She won tho trot, and had she bseu tho obscure ' Biddy' Mr. Kivell in hia in noconce supposed, all would have been well. But it, ' was soon discovered that she was the well-known performer Misa Cant, and as Toko is an unregis tered meeting, her win of a few shillings meant disqualification at orthodox equine gatherings, and ia consequence a depreciation ot vai?e, ®.9 a trotter. Fortunately for all parties, the Trotting Association withdrew tho disqualification on ascer taining the facts, and the £1 and costs which Mr. Stanford awarded tho plaintiff should about console Mr. Caitbew for the chaff about the ' ringing in and the temporary loss of casto of his mare. Prior to the Cosarowitch of 1849 there were sun dry rumours detrimental to the chances of the ulti mate winner, Legerdemain. That there waa reason for this opposition was shown when within twenty four hours of ber victory Legerdemain slipped a filly foal to Ion. Tho circumstance was made more remarkable by the fact of the youngster being per fectly healthy and Bound injovery respoefc. Leger demain waa a threo-year-old and carried 5st. 71o., being followed home by Raby (who afterwards won tho Cambridgeshire Stakes) and Lady Evelyn, In Australia there have been many instances of mare8 winning racea whilst in foal, one which comes to my mind at onco being Myra (dam of The Hermit), a big bay daughter of Maribyrnong, that achieved victories in the principal events at Wallsend and Newcastle when in an interesting condition. Mr. James Mayo, too, I fancy, raced Maid of Australia when in foal. At any rate I remember the old mare and one of h-sr sons, Budelight, meeting in a handieap at Wallsend some years back. The latest English files to hand contain the results of various interesting crioket matches in two of which the Playera outclassed the Gentlemen, winning rather easily by eight wickets in tho match on the ova). F. W. Milligan (47 and 47,) Captain Wynyard (33 and 33), aud F. H. Chapman (82 first innings) were the only Gentlemen who acored consistently. Peel and Wainwright (five wickets each) wore the beat bowlers for.the Players, for whom Hayward (73), Wainwright (71), Baker (87), and Hirst (65) batted well. Tho second innings of the PlayerB wns rather curious, as Richardson got all the runs (27) necessary to win. On the Monday a similar match was played ot Lords, but tho sidea were slightly altered being tendered stronger, but tho result was practically the same, a victory for the Players by 78 runs. F. &. J. Ferd played two fine innings for 50 not out »nd 79 not out for tho Gentlemen. J. R. Mason (62 and 10) and W. G. Grace (24 and 2G) also played well. For tho Players Shrewsbury played a lino first innings of 125. Gunn (59 and 42) and Hirst (34 and not out Gl) helped the side consider ably. I understand that old Schoolmaster made posi tively his last appearance in the Welter Handicap jt Rutherford races, and indeed it is time the sen of Grandmaster and Second Queen (sister to Secundus) was allowed to enjoy his otium cum ilignitate. He is hipped, but this notwithstanding he was a very Bhnpely customer when I saw him Erst some years back, reminding me greatly of some of Herring's pictures of English hunters. Now his back haa fallen, and he is altogether look ing older and more disreputablo than his respected pa. Another horse who bade farewell to tha post before seeking the seclusion of the paddock waa Tho Bride, a daughter of the defunct Naviga tor and Bridesmaid, but she has, unlike School master, been a very indifferent performer, and the genial Billy Smith, who has been looking after her, didn't weep copiously as he told me of the intended severance of the, partnership. HurrieaDe, too, has sported silk for the last time, Tom Judge having come to the conclusion that the big bay ia likely to earn him more of the filthy lucre between tbe shafts of a buggy than on a racecourse. Cricketers will be interested to learn that advicas by the mail state that several of the team who are to visit Australia have been keeping up their form with tha bat. Amongst Ranjit Sinhji'p scores were 87 against Lancashire and 57 against Notts. N. F. Druce has only played one innings, 163, for the University against Liverpool and district. A gainst Somerset Captain Wynyard got 80 and 32 for his county, and 33 in etch innings against the Players. Wainwright, of Yorkshire, played a first-clas3 innings of 71 against the Gentlemen, and followed it with 104 not out against Sussax. Hayward has batted moat consistently, getting 73 in tho first match with the Gentlemen, 37 and 47 in the return match, and 82 against Middlesex. In the same matches Hirst got 65 in the first game and 34 and 61 not out in the second. For the Gontlemen J. R. Mason was top scorer in the first innings with 62, and got 31 and 31 not out against Somerset. Stod dart, who has not been doing much with the bat, got 91 in a match against Surrey, in progress when the last mails left. In the last publication of bat ting figures Dru'.a had averaged 66, Ranjit Sinhji 53, Wainwright 41, Hayward 36, Storer 34, HirBt 33, Mason 28, Board 25, and Stoddart 24. George Donnelly, an old-time jockey, who ranked among the leading horsemen in Australia many years ago, died at his residence, Randwick, one nii;ht last week, the cause of death being an attack of pleurisy. Donnelly rode Tim WhifHer and Dag worth in moBt of their races, and on the latter wan the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap, 1873. On Robin Hood he won the V.R.C. Derby, 1875, and the A.J.C. St. Leger, 1876, and in 1875 he steered Lurline to victory in the Adelaide Cup. Riding for Mr. E. de ' Meatre, Donnelly won the A.J,C. Champagne Stakes on Chester, and his last mount was on the famous son of Yait^ndon, when Woodlands beat him by a head for the A.J.C. Derby. Never reckless with hia earnings, Donnelly became the licensee of the A.J.C. Hotel, Randwick, after hia retirement from the active dutieB of the turf, and sometimes trained a racehorse or two, the last being the old grey.Rosinante ; but for many years paBt he has been living privately, and in comfortable circum atancea. Donnelly, who had attained the age of 54 years, was riding in the days when Jimmy ABhworth, Tom Brown, Tom Hales, Yeomans, Brickey Colley, Cracknel), Joe Koan, Morrison, Jack Ramsay, ' Squeaker' Thompson, Stanley, and other accom plished horsemen took part in the leading events on the colonial turf. An esteemed friend writing from Narrabri Btatea that I did not give 0;d Clo' due credit for her victory in the principal handicap there on Wednes day. I wrote of her running one mile in 1.50, whereaB the distance was once round — about one mile aixty yardB — and as she carried 9st. 101b. and Bhowed a go equal to about 1.46J it wasn't at all a bad performance, indeed it was a smart one for the Narrabri track, the three six furlongs events being aarved out in l.lS.and the seven furlongs race in 1.32. .On. Thursday Old Clo' ran nine furlongBwith lOsfc. lib. (including penalty) in the saddle and won comfortably in 2 minutea, so that the daughter of Lochiel and Tatters ia a rare bit of stuff. Hereford and Sunflower, by Clan Stuart and Cranorook, respectively, and both white-faced chestnuts, are fast colts and Bhonld win a. few short races before long, but Sunflower has a very queer . fetlock and was hobbling about the saddling paddock before running for the haok race which he won. The colts are in the same stable as Old Clo', and these with Welcome and two or three others are under the watchful eye of Luke CuBhan. My. correspondent alao has a good word to Bay for Capidor, a shapely colt by Matador, that is being trained for the genial Mayor of Tamworth ?by the veteran Jack Cusb. Colonel E. F. Clay, of the. Runnymede s-tud, is trying to persnado his fellow breeders in Kentucky to organise and have all light- boned and under used yearling fillieB operated on before being sold, so bb to render them unfit for stud purposes, and when their racing career is over they will have to be utilised in some other way. Colonel Clay haB consulted a specialist, who assures him that the organs of generation can bo removed without any injurious effects, the operation being simple aud harmless. He farther states that fillies so operated on would train and race better, as indepsndent of their not being weakened by sexual causes at the stated iatorvals, they would be altogether hardier, aa it has been demonstrated that the removal of the organs of generation in the weaker sex cauBOB them to become more robust and masculine, and as a consequence they will both train and race better. Young, of tho M'Grathiana Stud, is in favour of Colonel Clay'e scheme, and would go a bit further saying that if the operation proveB ao beneficial to fillies in training, ha would like to see some high class fillies have tha aame advantage. The subject is well worth tbe attention of our wealthy gentle men who are raising home bred ones— aa well aa all other breeders — as if it should only serve the . pur pose tbat Colonel Clay has in visw, ifc is well worth baing generally adopted. WcBtralians swear by all the goda and little fishes that never such a horao waB seen aB Paul Pry, acd they intend to stand the son of Lochiel and Busy body to a man if he crosses to Victoria for the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups, in which he has 8it. ond 7et. 91b. respectively. There can be no doubt but that Paul Pry is a really good horse, and when that good judgo, tho jovial Billy Miller, came back from tho West some time ago he assured mo that the bay was then a regular top-notcher, and had im proved beyond recognition sinco he had knocked tho dew off the Randwick tracks. The gelding's ; most recent victory was in the Kalgoorlio Cup, 1J mile, when he carried lOat. 2lb., and beat Le Var, 9st. 71b., by a length, third place being filled by Blackwood, a ion of Vengeance, who had won acvaral racea in Victoria. However, a penalty on top of a welter weight served to anohor Paul Pry at Coolgardie afterwarda, but he managed to run second to the other ecion of Lochiel, who thus had hia revenge. Paul Pry won the Summer Cup at Kalgoorlio last year in 2min. 16j3ecs. with 9at 41b up, beating Wellshot, 7st 81b (second), and Yale Lock, 8st 31b (third). At the same meeting he annexed the Publicans' Purse and the Farewell Handicap. To his credit also ore the W.A.T.C. Autumn Cup of last year and the Birth day Cup run in May last. If he starts in Victoria Paul should be well worth backing. The days of Derby dark 'uns aro practically over. As a rule the unknowns did not meet with tho success the patience of thoae connocted with thom deaerved, though of couree there were excop tions. Twenty-four yeara ago the late Alec Taylor bad the Makeahift colt under his care. Until the great Epaom event of the season referred to the un named one had not been seen on a racecourse. At Manton, however, he had been ttied to bo up to classic form, and in due course a commission wend forth from this frequently dreaded and mysterious stable. Old Tattersall'a at that time flourished. There waa the first bet taken about the Makeshift colt, the useful odds of 1000 to 8 being obtained. So quietly yet successfully did the commissioners wort that Bimilar bets were taken from substantial men, the average price when their buaineas waa finished surprising even their employers. Carefully bad the situation been considered. ' Nothing but Cremorne can poaaibly beat him,' the owner told a friend just before the race, 'and I've got fifteen hundred on him for a place.' Tottenham Corner destroyed the ' dark 'un's' chance. Coming wide round the bend, he lost a lot of ground, and though coming with a rare rattle at the finish he could not quite get up, and Cremorne won by a short head. 'That must make.a difference to you,' someone remarked to Georee Payne, as the winning number went up. 'YeB,' calmly replied the unmoved turfite; 'a hundred thouaand pounds difference.' Britimarte, the Grand National winner, was i bred in Tasmania by Mr. J. M. Griffin in 1888, got by Manuka — Lenoma, by Castle Hill (imp.) — Ino, by Peter Wilkins (imp.) — Black Bess, by Hollyoak , — Bucking Bet, by Snoozer (imp.) — Mias Grizzle. Thia Miss Grizzle waB bred by Mr. James Cox, of Clarendon, Tasmania, and was by Rainbow from Kit (imported from New South Wales in 1820), by Rockingham (imp.) Mies Grizzle was afterwards bought by Mr. H. Gee, who bred a great many winners in the forties and early fifties from the old mare and her daughters. Among these winuerB were Yeoman, Bloomsbury, Hollyoak, Egremont, &c.; Hollyoak, who occurs in Brito marte's pedigree, 50 years ago, performed the unprecedent feat, for a two-year-old, of winning a race after five mile heats 1 The race waa confined to two-year-olds, and must have been a most bar barous affair. Hollyoak waa beaten in the firat heat by another BeBborough colt, called Faugh-a-ballagh . Then the two ran a couple of dead heats, after whioh Hollyoak won two heats, and became entitled . to the prize 1 Faccy a two-year-old running five heats of a mile each on one day 1 Hollyoak must have been made of cast-iron, aa ho raced on and won a number of races. In later days, Aspen, Lord Allen, Chatterer, Scottiah Chief, and other membera of the Talkative family have upheld the fame of MiBS Grizzle. Like Newhaven Kings borough, Savanaka, aud many other good horsaB, Britomarte cannot boast of a number, though she has plenty of the right sort of stout old-fashioned | blood, which enables her to last out a long journey. | Although^ .Saturday was a blank day in Sydney some excellent racing waB witnessed at Flemington, where several horses engaged in the Cups sported silk. In the Hurdle Race Nora Creina, by the Assyrian — Nora, somewhat repaid J. E. Brewer for several previous disappointments by winning from Insurance and Charon. The St. Alban's colt Manfred was favourite for the Show Handicap, Locksmith being next in demand, but whilst the former got badly away end waB ? blocked Key's brother was not at all dangeroua, and the places went to Lady Looh (by Lochiel out of the Golds brough mare Hope), Blue Blood, and Campaign, the two first being well known in Sydney. The Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase victress Britomarte, Votary, and Blackthorn fell in the Steeplechase, which was won by the pony Nipper, by Postmaster. Dreamland and Mora were most in demand for the August Handicap, for which Trent also had many admirers, nnd the son of Trenton and Sumatra won easily from tho unlucky Dreamland and Mora — who was practically favourite for the Melbourne Cup— and then followed Canoonn, Loyaly, etc. In Melbourne Trent has been nibbled at for the Caulfield Cup ever since the weights appeared, and no doubt his success on Saturday will bring hira more prominently into notice. His impost in tbe Caulfield race is 7st 101b, and he will be meeting Dreamland and Mora on 41b and 91b better terms respectively than when he beat them on Saturday. He is also engaged in the Melbourne Cup with 7st 91b. Another Trenton in Elensive (out of Eleusis) did Mr. W. R. Wilson a turn by landing the Three and Four- year-old Handicap from Luster and Hamilton; and L.L., by Haere — Dora, beat Wild Raven, Nudity, and several others in the Welter. It is now many years ago since the imported atallion Duke of Atbol was stolen from Mr. Tin dale's station in the Mndgee district, but the bold robbery and subsequent disappearance of the beautiful white-faced chestnut horse iB. as great a mystery to-day as it wob yesterday and ia likely to be to-morrow. Many stories, more or lesB startling and veracious, have been told of the occurrence, and I have met scores of men who could a tale unfold if they wished about the ultimate fate of the stolen Duke, or they said they could, which is not always the same thing. The favourite theory was that the horse was Blipped by night journeys into the back blooks of Queensland, and those who were of that opinion used to wink and nod expreBBively when they Baw an animal with the Stock well characteristics hailing from Queensland. An old friend of mine who knew how many beans mado five used to gaze fondly on'old Odd Stockings, point suggestively to the white stripe and leg markings, and assure me that he knew that ' Oddy' was by the Duke of Athol. Tho truth of tho matter, I believe, was that my ancient and honest favourite was by Belphcsgar, but appear ances were against him. These memories are brought baok to me by reading tbat a Mudgeeite at present travelling in Queensland sends to a country paper something which resurrectE the theft of the famous horse Duke. The correspon dent says : — ' I mat a man some time ago who be gan talking about the Duke of Athol caBe. He said that he woa acquainted with tha man who stole the horse, ana from him he learnt that Gemma di Vergi was the horse he wanted, and not the Duke of Athol, but Gomma kicked up such a row when he approached the box that they were afraid someone would hear, and not to be beaten altogether, they took the more phlegmatic Duke instead. My in formant Btated thatthe partially-burnt horse was the Duke, and bo was killed thus : The thieves fearing pursuit had hidden hira in a place which was almost a natural yard, boing nearly surrounded by rocks, except on one Bide whioh was almost a precipice. One of the men going to have a look at the horse found he had fallen over the precipice and was killed. The men then made an attempt to oremate the horse. It was surmised that a passing mob of wild horses had induced tbe Duke to go too near the edge and he had missed hia footing.' The pity of it was that the thieves who wanted to ' shake' Gemma di Vergi didn't get into his box, for the Kingston horse, who was a regular - man-cator, would have given them enough shaking to do them to the end of their lives, if he allowed thom to live at all. Old Gemma di Vergi's bones now lie beneath » large box tree on one of the gentle rises behind Tnranville house. Not many months ogo a stranger arrived at a I well-known Northern shearing shed, leading an animal which looked as if he had been dropped in a ditch and then dragged through a hedge. He waB aBked if his Bucephalus was for sale. Tbe unknown treated the remarks with all seriousness. If they would only give a fair price-he was williug to sell. Intending to hove some fun with tbo un suspecting stranger, the ungainly-looking eqnine was put up to a mock auction. Though the fellow who played the auctioneer praised tho animal's appearance, and expatiated upon his wonderful pedigree — which, by the way, he did not know — the highest bid wns 30s. Then did tho mild-looking owner become angry. After informing the crowd that they didn't know a good horso when they saw one, he wound up by asserting that hia cham pion. could trot any blankod horse in the district, nnd he was willing to b^t money on it, too. Scenting a chance of easing tho boaBter of a littlo ' ready,' the pro prietor of a good trotter promptly made a match with the unknown, who accepted all the odds that wero offered agaiuBt his horse, hotly declaring meanwhile that ho had never been so intuited be foro. In order to givo the latest nrriviil, who had been travelling, a fair chance, tho event wns not r.n take place for a couple of hours. Before tho timo fixed, however, the Btrnnger aBked hi3 opponent ir he would mind the match being off, ho having made it in the heat of the moment, and without dun consideration. Naturally enough, howover, the other man objected to thia, and the m'.toh came off. Quite a crowd turned out. For some diatance the pair trotted together, the natives expecting every moment to eee their fellow-townsmen leave bis i rival in the rear; but when they did part company it was the stranger who took the lead, at-d ho won almost as he pleased. About the winner a few in teresting facts eventually transpired. Under the name of Chanticleer he had cleaned out all the trotters in his own locality, nnd ir. was only where he was unknown that the owner could find anyone to oppose his flier. ThiB story is told by a contem porary, but similar anecdotes are plentiful about Jorrock3, not tho original racehorse of that name, but a little gelding bred by my father, and who wns the undoubted champion galloper of the North m--.ny years ago under all weights and over a distance. He had ownt-rH by 1 the score, among them being a follower of .Coil- ' fucius who knew quite ns muoh as Bn-t Ilarte's 1 heathen Chinee of immortal memory. Thin simple i child of Nature painted Jorrocks and rung him in at a little wayside meeting, but sad to fay someone who had a provious acquaintance with the pony ' blew the gaff' as Shakspe&re; would havo said if he had thought of it, and the plant was spoiled. Si dare say some of my old readers out back remem ber Jorrocks, and will join mo in dropping a meta phorical tear iu his memory. , Although nothing to about I fancy the Northern Jockey Club will get out of ite meeting , at Rutherford last week with a bit to spare, and the members can. bless their tbirs that tho threatened rain was uot in evi dence. The attendance generally waa only moderate, but the Middling wuliiock was well patronised, a great number ot-tli-jso prtsent being members. Indeed, after a time, the small amount charged for membership will have a reaction ary effect, in that so many will join that there will remain but few to pay the 10s admission fee at the gates. At th9 settling last evening the President (Mr. J. Gillies, M.P.), msntioned that the club was in a prosperous condition, nnd sincn Mr. Markwell bad filled the secretarial office the membership had doubled, there being now about 160 names on the roll. He reminded those present that tho Club would hold another meeting in November when better prizes than have been offered for some years past would be competed for. Whereat everybody present applauded vigoroualy. Th03n who went to Rutherford in the expectation of witnessing good racing were disappointed. The arrangements ; under the eagle eyo of Mr. Markwell and hiB committee were splendid, but Mr. Wnl Eales, who filled the judge's box, had a very easy time of it. Jacinth was supposed to be a shot bird for the Flying Handicap, but I don't think the little mare liked the track. Anyhow she was stopping at the end, and never had the ghost of a chance with Ovid, a plain chestnut gelding by First Chester out of Mabel, who was also dam of Hengiet, the old hurdle racer. Ovid majr not be quite first class, but he is a rare mover and I likehim greatly. But, alas.myaffectionBdidn't develope until after he had flitted by the Btand. Town Clock, who won tbe Park Stakes easily, is a very neat little fellow by my old favourite Jeweller out of Lady PitBford, who like Maid of the Lake, has the happy knack of throwing gallopers to any and every sire. They uaed to aay one time in an oracular way 'put a -draught stallion on a KingBton mare and the result will be a racehorse,' but an IriBh friend of mine who had a penchant for borrowing stock in an unostentatious manner, capped that by saying ' Begorrah, I've got one or two good 'una myself out of a Bylong paddock.' However away with frivolity. The scratching pen made Semiramia's task of winning tbe N.J.C. Han dicap an easy one, and the public readily took even money about the black daughter of Gibraltar. About the best looking animal in the yard was Betay Prig, one of her opponenta. That iB up top, but Bhe walked like a cat on hot bricks, and Mr. Mayo tells me t bat he has had conaiderable trouble with the mare'a knee. The daughter of Grand Flaneur and Mother Gamp is not likely to laBt long. The race wns no race, paradoxical as tbe statement may seem, for when given her; head at the turn Semiramis simply squandered tho others, and gave people an idea of what a fair horse well can do with duffers. Sho will run for the Metrop and will then go to the stud. Peveril, who won the Selling Race, is a half brother to Shanks, a steeple chaser for whom poor Tom Corrigan once gave 200 guineas, but it would have to be very small and flimsy timbor before I'd intrust the Bafoty of my precious little neck to Peveril to carry me over. Still he ahonld be easily worth a bit more than tbe twelve guineas which Jack O'Donnell paid for him. Although Cape Pigeon haB not been seen under silk for a considerable time and looked quite aldermanic about the ' bingey,' oven money was taken about him for the Welter Handi cap, and he won ns he liked from Patty Brown and his own brother .Ki Wi. During tho day, I'm told, a couple of weUhers started operations outside, but it is the fault of the public that such gentry exist. The pencillers doing business in the Leger stand have to put up a financial gunrnntee with tho Club, and are generally very reputable men, but some scraggy stranger has only to open a bonk outside the enclosuro, offer a liberal price which they have no intention of paying, and mugs flock to them to be taken down. Somehow or other a couple of unde sirable gentlemen got into the saddling paddock, regardleaa of tho fact that, metaphorically speaking, the Club's detective (Mr. K. F. Wataon) was going round with the legend ' Abandon hope all ye who enter here' writ large about hia portly form, and the consequence wbb that thoy ' vamoosed the ranch at a pretty sudden gait,' as the Americans say in cheap literature. 