IN THE NICK OF TIME. Little Mrs Brooke a fool? :Not a bit -of it. Plenty of people thought her one; nisled by her guileless babyface; heren gaging airs of helpless ignorance and the empty chatter, which flowed so unceas ingly from her pretty lips. All the same , they were mistaken. She might be ill educated, knowing nothing of, and car ing less for, science, art, literature, or politics. Nevertheless, she was quite clever enough to look after her own in terests, and to be quoted by nine men out of ten as the nicest woman of their acquaintance. At eighteen, too, as the insignificant daughter of a country par son, she had been sufficiently intelligent to attract the notice of old George Brooke, of Brooksby, to marry him, and, in the difficult position of a young and pretty woman tied to a surly husband three times her age, to conduct herself with such circumspection as to win the approval of the county and the con fidence of her lord and master, who sia years later died, leaving her five thou sand a year at her own disposal. Yet. being but human, she had made her slips. It was of one of these slips--tile one gigantic act of folly of her life, that senseless love affair of hers with Phillip Tryon-that she was thinking one No vember afternoon. "I must have been nnad." she told herself IMad indeed to have allowed herself ever to listen to the .ows of devotion which he was notori ously ready to lay at the feet of any pretty woman; to respond to them; nay, more, to write those fatally compromis ing letters, and to a man notoriously destitute alike of mercy or honor where .vomen were concerned. "I :-as mad!" she repeated. How made, she had never really realised till that moment: At the time the episode had not troubled her over much. Colonel Tyron had come and gone. had lovedl, and had ridden away. She had come to her senses; the affair was dead and buried, and there was an end of it. And now. when after six years of slavery, cut off from all the pleasures of youth- six years, during which, tied to the chair of a querulous old man, she paid to the full the price of her present liberty-now that she was admired, wealthy, free to consult her own inclinations: now that the one man she would have chosen out -of the world had just laid at her feet his name, himself, and his worldly goods; now this ghost of the past must needs rise again to pull down the edifice on which her whole future happiness rest -ed! Was ever the resuscitation of an old love more inopportune? She was disturbed - oppressed by a vague foreboding of ill-when, arriving at the Finches' for a week's covert -shooting, she found Colonel Tyron among the party. , She quite agreed with her fiance, Sir James Blunt, ,when lie expressed his annoyance at the presence of such a man. "I may be straitlaced." he said, 'but, personally, I ;don't think he ought to be allowed in side any decent house, and I'm surprised the Finches should have him here. In -a way he is good companry, and a good -shot, so that people seem to. put up Twith him. As it is, you can't help know ing him. I suppose." "But I do know him already. worse luck!" she confessed-where was the use of concealing what before long must be 'inow-n?-"he came to Brooksby once.'" Sir James frowned. "At allt events, have as little to do with him as pos -sible," lie said. "That I can safely promise," she re joined "for I like the man as little as you do." Never was woman so sweetly submis sive to-the will of man. Never was pro anise more sincerely and quickly given. WVould, alas! that it might have been kept with equal promptitude! Mrs Brooke, with the feebly evasive tactics 'which were all she dared to pursue, was no match for Colonel Tryon .with Ihis -obvious determination to renew the old relations. "What shall I do?" wondered the un fortunate woman. "He means to get 'me to marry him. What shall I do?" Why, refuse him. Let him propose, and have done with it. A gentleman cannot.refueo, tn. an.cept his dismissal at the hands of a lady. That he should attempt coercion! Oh, impossible! Not to be thought of! Yet that was precisely what had happened. Gentleman or not, Colonel-Tryon, not three hours ago, .had refused to take no for an answer. "You don't know your own mind" he .said. coolly. "You loved me before. You will love me again. I am sure of it We know one another. We are ad mirably suited to one another. You will reconsider your decision, I am sure."' "Never!" she declared. "How can I, when I have already promised to marry another man? It is out of the question. Jndeed, you have no right to speak to me of marriage at all, and I must beg you not to mention the subject again. "I canuot obey you. My claims, re "nember. are prior to Sir James Blunt's. I must and will enforce them." "What do you mean?" She was im pressed by his determination. "What I say. I will never give you u- p to another man." "And I will never give up Sir James." "In that case it is he who will give you up, when that old correspondence of ours has been submitted to him, as it most certainly will be." Choking with rage and terror, she turned upon him. "You dare to say .you will show-my letters?" she gasped. "I have no choice. I am not so poor a lover .s to give up the woman I adore without a single blosw. Besides, all is .fair in love and war. See! This is Wed .iesday. Think it over and after tea on F riday I will come to you here for my Sanswer. Be kind, Ella, to yourself and to me. Don't drive me to extremities. .All, I swear, shall be well if only you -will say yes." '"And If I say no?" '"Then I shall have no choice but to place your letters in Sir James' hands. .He must decide." "It will do you no good,." she cried, defiantly. "You may ruin.me, but I will -'never. never marry you." He smiled. "Never is a long time," he said, with the air of confident superiority she found so maddening. "I know you better Sthan you know yourself. I can trust to time to prove to you the worth of my -Jove and constancy, as well as 'the value of a husband's name and protection. The .world, re .nember. is a censorious one, and a lone woman lies completely at the, mercy of. evil tongues." " " " - - SShe-clinched her little fists in Impotent fury. "You fiend--coward!" she cried. "Oh, if I *ere only a man!" "Be reasonable. Ella. I am no'flend. -o enemy. - Believe me, I amin your true and faithful lover.'" " 'Then have mercy upon me! Give me .the letters. I beg and implore of you, Sand I will be yaur'grateful and devoted friend for -ife." SHe smiled. ."I do ndt want your friendship, but I Will glve- you the letters ---on our wed -d.ing day-." . _ -And then sithe broke down completely. Threats, abuse, tears, pitiful appeals for mercy-she tried them all. - They pro 'voked renewed assurances of his devo tion,'but no hint of yielding in his pur ;Ol, it was hard-hard to be ruined for an indiscretion of which, too, she had so heartily repented. To lose all, not only the position rnd Wealth for which her soul-. ciaed,- linut ailso the man she loved ?ith' all her heart. Afid she would bhae niadde :him so true: so "tender a 'wife.: -xceit for the one false step. she had ibeie a good wife to-old George B~rooke: He certalhly thought so. And 'if she hod satisfied the *husband for 'whom she ::car so:'little. how much smore would ishe satisfy the man she adored! And now all was over! For whatever hapipened, she must lose her .over. t?Jnless-- "If only one could get. hold of:those. letters!" she said to .herself.: After. all, why not ? In all p:.-probability he lihad them with him. And m e:n'are:nalwayslcarelcss about their 'keys::. Could o.ne not steal up after din 'ier?. 'I.I- Surely an attempt might be-made.,' "s - - - : Itwa?: made=-with no result hut the humi?ationof-being found out. She could h-e sw~orn that no one had seen her enter or leave'Colonel Tyron's room, iand that she had. replaced everything precisely as she foun'd it, yet "Don't try that on again," he-said, with a meaning laugh, as he wished 'her good-night. "It's dangerous; quite useless, too: They are here," tapping his breast-pocket, "and here they will remain- till Frl day." All through' the long watches of a sleepless night Mrs Brooke turned and tossed in despair. "What shall I do?" she groaned. "What shall I do?" The thought of suicide at once crossed her mind, only to be abandoned. - She was both too brave and :too cowardly not to fight the- fight out to the bitter end. "If I were only a man, I would drag the letters from him by force," she vowed through her set teeth. Well, she was not a man, but.thiere were men -Bob Saunders, for instance. He was coming the next day. He might -help her. :He was the very man to help her; Not a lover! Heaven forbid! -Lovers cherish strange Ideals and :.delusions, which it does not do to distairb..Besides, lovers are selfish folk. - They don't do anything for nothing. No! Bob was just the oldest.thebest.,andmoststaunch friend she had in the world, neither malking any pretence'at perfection him self nior expecting it from his associates: with the kindest of hearts, too, through which his sound head might surely be worked upon. More-he detested Colonel Cryon. She remembered with re lief now, even in the old days, Bob had warned her against the -man. At the time she laughed at the warning thought it jealousy. If only she hadj1is teioed ! Never mind: Bob would help her now-if not for love of hei, then for hatred of her enemy. She hastened to confide in him. Draw ing him into the conservatory after din ner, "rve made a terrible goose of my self, do you knonw?" she sighed. "Been and gone and done forminyself entirely." Mr Saunders was a man of few words. "What is it?" he asked. " Man or money?" "Man-Colonel Tryon. He is bent on getting me to marry him. What am I to do?" "Refuse him." ."I can't, I daren't. Oh. Bob. if you only knew how wretched I am! The fact is I was idiot enough' to write lilm some letters years ago, and now he threatens-imagine what a scoundrel he must be!--that if I don't throw over Sir James Blunt he will send him the letters. He'll do it, too, the brute!" Mr Saunders did not waste time in in vective. "Are they bad?" he merely asked. "Awful! James would never forgive them. I should die. If only I could get hold of them! I have done everything I could think of. I've raged, begged, prayed, nearly gone on my knees to him. I'm in despair. Oh, Bob, wouldn't you--couldn't you" help me?" - What could he do? Expostulate, and be told to mind his own business? Use force? The days of duelling are past. Besides, to brawl over a woman would be a strange way of helping her to keep her reputation. As for threats,, they must be empty ones. Any attempt to short'upi the man must recoil a thous andfold on the woman's head,-as no one knew better than Tryon would know. Yet, looking at-her miserable face, her eyes laden with tears.,her lips piteously quivering, how could he tell her all this? "I'll do what I can," he said; where upon Mrs Brooke, who possessed the enviable capacity of throwing off her cares by the simple expedient of shifting them to the shoulders of some other person, went happily to bed and to sleep. It was a cruel and unexpected blow to her when the following morning, in answer to her interrogative glances, he shook his head. "Very sorry," he said, "Did my best, and got roundly snubbed for my pains. He won't give them up." "He won't?" she asked blankly. The women had gone out to watch the shoot ing, and she was standing with him in a ride alone. "Can't you make him?" "Only by making a scandal, which is the very thing we want to avoid." "Then can nothing be done?" To his infinite relief she -didn't cry. All the baby softness had left her face, which was. set and hard. "'Why not tell Bluht yourself in your own way and chance it?" he suggested, feebly. She took no notice of the words. "I wish' I were a man." she said abruptly. "Why?" "I would kill that scoundrel." And then she laughed. "As it is, being a wo man, all I can do is to go home and cry. Good-bye. I can't stay here to talk and laugh and make believe. I'll. be off. You can tell James-I.have a headache. No, don't comie ti'ith me. It's not half a mile, and I'd sooner be alone. 'Safe? Of course I'm perfectly safe. I'm not going near the guns." No sooner had she gone than he was sorry for it Accidents happen so easily. In her desperate frame of mind she would certainly not take precau tions against danger. She might. even court it. He ought not to have let' her go until the drive. at all events, was over. Yet, when a lady tells one she would rather be alone "Poor little soul!" he )reflected. - "I shouldn't be sorry if Tryoli did get be tween me and a pheasant, and if by ac cident my gun did happen to go off." And then. hearing a shot, he decided just to look round the corner and see if she weredafe out of covert. He looked. Well ! Odd creatures women, -to be sure! There she was, with a man just inside the covert--Tryon, of all men, too -laughing and talking away with him, showing her pretty dimples, arid smiling up into his face with that charmingly confiding way of hers. Bob shook his head. "'Trying to make a fool of him," he reflected. "That a'on't do. - Tryon's too old a bird to be caught with such cha?lf." - But here the advent of a fine - cock pheasant sailing along effectually di verted his thoughts. :And here came another, and another. Right; left, be hind, in front-the air was full of them. And so, in this hottest corner of a well stocked covert, -with a strong wind driv Ing the birds across the tall tops of a belt of firs. Mr Saunders for the next ten minutes. lnd neither time nor inell nation to give his mind to anything but the work of slaughter. At last the cannonade grew less and less, dwindling to. an occasional stray shot, and: -here were the -beaters. Well, like all good things. lit was'over.- No, not iuite. A lastshot rang 'out-Tryon, of course! What luckl the man had! The :lifrds simply fly into .his mouth:. Not that Mr Saunders had anything to coinplain' of, as he put his gun at half-coclk, com placently surveyed t small heap of empty cartridge-cases and a big heap'of birds, and strolled towards his left- hand neighbor. Nor did he complain.- He was just expressing the opinion that, -lIf the day went-on as it had begun, no one wounld have mch ti) Bnd- fault witih. when a' screamn a .ooman's cry for help-startled the pairl and sent them post.haste dowrinthe ride round the cor ner out bf the-covert. :There, just out side, lay Colonel Try-on on the ground. witha: frightful wound in his head. from which the blood was pouring in streams: MIrs.Brooke, by his side- ther dress and hands all bedabbled with blood, her face white and rigid-rushed at them. "He shot himself:" she whispered hoarsely, pointing t: the prostrate man. " He did it himstelf." And? then she burst into a wild fit of la:ughter, which ended in a dcnad faint. He did it himself ? Of couroce - with' else could hanve done it? The lo:aler hadl gone in-search of a btadly w',rundted bird. and MeIrs lIro.ke had startned home wards. Ilearing hel" a-ane, she- turiilCd. Colonel Tryon c-as hurrying after her, nhc-n lie sliplied and fell ait her feet. Quite so. Theire was the projecting root of thlt trete oVelr whictil he must have trippeid, disc-:trging his gun, the con tents of which lodged in the right e:ir and caused instant deanth. A most di plhra-lle accidtent. No ec- e'ver thought ,tilerwnise. extcipt IMr Saunders. HIe mingllt believe-as an matter oif fTct hne did believe-that Mrs Brooke herselfl. and not blind fate, was responsible for the removal of her enemy fron hier path. T'his belief. however, hie has carefully kept to himself. After all, it was no business of his. The man was a brute, who richly deserved anything he might get. For the rest-the letters vanished, and there was an end of the matter. All the same, Mr Saunders has never seen his way to accepting of the frequent in vitations given him by Sir James Blunt. He is delighted to hear of the domestic felicity enjoyed by his old friend, but he does not care to witness it. To tell the truth, he has a distinct aversion to any further communication with Lady Blunt; nor, as he shrewdly suspects, is the sight of him particularly agreeable to her.-"The World." 