SOME MODERN GHOST STORIES, The still unsolved mystery of tlio Editliweston gliost is not without com paratively recent parallel. The good people of Perth were much exercised last January by certain mysterious kuockings on the walls nnd doors of u dwelling house used as a provision shop. The ghostly tappings continued throughout the night, and alternated between tho thick, solid walls and the doors. They effectually defied all attempts at explanation by relays of the most prominent citizens, and even answered the strokes of a policeman's baton. Then there was the mystery of the Dorsetshire village of Dnrweston, also in January last. This strange occurrence was con nected with a cottago owned by Viscount Portman. For days tho occupant, a widow, heard faint knocking and scratch* ing in various purts of tho house. Eventually they became so loud as to reach tho ears of the next-door neighbor. Tho woman, doubtless growing indifferent to tho sounds, endeavored to communi cate with the ghost by leaving a slate and pencil 011 the bedroom -window-sill. The "Hector consented to watch tho result, Shortly afterwards ho heard the' sound as of somo ono writing oil the slato and on goiug to it found tho words " Mony" and " Garden" written upon it. Tho woman and her children were in bed at the time, and there was no sign of their having moved. Nothing could be made out of it all, and no ono made a search for tho " mony." About four years ago the Rector of Pulvorbatcb, Shropshire, publicly vouched for the truth of an apparently supernatural occurrence in a lonely house which ho hud been visiting. The place, it may bo mentioned, had the reputation of being " haunted," but lie declares ho was un aware of this circumstance upon his arrival.• The first night ho was in tho house two children slept in his room, and a baby in another room with its mother. Tho whole night he was kept awake by the pitiful cries of u child. Upon sympathising with the mother (his daughter) next morning for her disturbed liiglit, she assured him that tho baby had been perfectly quiet. Thereupon she ! narrated to him tho story of tho ghost, j which was supposed to haunt the house. • lie made various efforts to solve tho mystery, but without success. On sub* sequent occasions lie repeatedly heard tho sound as of a heavy man walking in tho house. That was during tho day, too. ITe frankly admitted ho could not, during his slay of ten days in the house, form the least idea as to tho causa of the strange sounds. 