FIVE O'CLOCK PARIS. TEA IN The eccentricities of a certain ROO tion of Parisians are notorious for the way in which they out-heiod Herod. They invariably owe their origin to the inventive brain of pome imaginative member of that section of the Bohemian world which over- Hows into society, and loves to call itself by some such fantastic title as " Copurchic." None of their vagaries, however, probably ever excelled this latest manifestation of their genius. This is the elaboration of afternoon tea, which is imported from us, and betrays its Anglo-Saxon origin under its French dress, as " Lc five o'clocqucr.'" The most unceremonious meal of the day with us has been given a fantastic decoration which magnifies it, into a function, and makes it almost redolent of fairy land. It is known as " the phosphorescent five o'clocquer," a title it owes to the distinctive feature of the entertainment—phosphorescent, or luminous, paint. This, a? is well-known, ab- sorbs light during the period when the sun is shining, and gives out pale, luminous rays like'the moon's when darkness sets in. Not only the floor,.but the walls of the apartment in which tea is served are covered with this mixture, as are the hangings, the pictures, and even the flowers which lend their fragrance to the occasion. It practically goes without saying that the cups, saucers, and plates, as well as the tea and coffee pots, and the other paraphernalia of the tea-table arc all subjected to the same treatment, so that when the gleaming curtains are drawn the whole apartment is bathed in a curious ghostly and altogether uncanny illumination. Were an inharmonious note struck the whole symmetrical idea of the occasion would bo thrown out of its artistic balance. All the guests, therefore, who are bidden to this feast appear in garments turned to the phosphorescent sympathy. Even their hands and faces are rubbed with a cosmetic in which phosphorescent paste has been mixed, so that they gleam with a strange light in which it is supposed ghosts always appear That the whole scene is weird in the extreme may be readily imagined from its description. Our ultrafashionable people—who are nothing if not French, but who, unfortunately, retain all the characteristics of Anglo- Saxonism—will no doubt before long import the idea, and presently we shall hear of nothing but these entertainments in the Mayfair drawing-rooms. 