CHAPTER IX. ' Martin!' cried Loigh, in a piercing ▼oicc, kneeling down and raiting him in hit arms, and there was a sharp ring oi agonised entreaty in the. ono word, which seemed to ask what it was that had befallen him. But Martin lay against his arm, without life or more' meat. As Leigh tried to discover if he had. been hurt, something henry foil from the hay's pocket on to the marble floor. It was the heavy key of the hall door, and the maid who had admitted Loigh soon inserted it in the lock, and swung hack the portal, disclosing Lord Fitz reagh at the top of the flight of steps. As he hastily -entered and caught sight of the prostrate hoy, with Leigh Fnrrowes kneeling beside him, hit amazoment changed to consternation. What could have occurred at Oak Park to bring Emmie's brother here at this hour, that is to sav, at two o'clock in the morning 1 The.old man stumbled across the hall ! to a chair, while Leigh placed the holp iless Martin in the porter's roomy seat. I All at once a figure appeared on the great staircase leading into the hall, at sight of which Lord Fritzreagh, Leigh, and the bewildered majd alike, passed their hands across their eyes, thinking the flickering light must hare deceived them. It was na illusion, however, that had Btruck upon their view, but a tall, slim, girlisb form, who, her beautiful eyas wild'- with affright, rushod down tho wide staircase. 'Martin!' - she oried, 'Martin!' And then they all recognised that thll was Smmio Lawjerd. , . 'Miss Lawford!' ejaculated the old nobleman. 'Emmie!' breathed Leigh, aghast •with wonder. . 1 Have they killed him, my own dear brother ?' gasped she, throwing herself on her knees beside Martin. ' For heaven's 6ake explain what has happened!' exclaimed they simul •taneously. But Emmie's attention was fastened in an agony upon Martin, who now moved, opened his eyes, and seemed to be recovering from a swoon. Then some words burst from his lips:— ' Save little Basil!' They seemed to electrify Emmie. '. ' Yes, yes,' she ejaculated, frantically, «save the child! He has been stolen out of his cot.' ' Stolen!' exclaimed Lord Fitzreagh, springing to his feet. ' What does this meau? For heaven's sake, Mr. Fur rowes, come with me.' ' Yes, go,-go!' insisted Emmie, bend ing over Martin, who now sighed, and raised himself in the chair. ' Call the driver from outside, and secure the house door,' cried Leigh. 'How, my lord, show me the way to the nursery.' • Panting, the old man made what haste he could, the young one following in a fever of anxiety. Theirs was, indeed, an exciting quest, little Basil missing! If so, it would kill his grandparents, for the child was the hope 'of their house. A dim light was visible in one of the rooms at the far end of the corridor; down this Lord Fitzreagh led the .way, panting out: ' It is the night nursery.' Leigh hurried on, and pushed open the door, his quick giance taking in,, on the instant, the nurse heavily asleep, and the empty cot beside her bed! ' The child is gone!' gasped the old man, in an agonised tone. - ' We must search the house — we must set the police on the alert!' responded Leigh. There was a movement in an inner apartment', and in a panic'of terror, the under-nuise roused from sleep, hurried out wrapped in a cloak. • Oh, my lord!' cried she, recognising lord Fitzreagli. ' Someone has carried off the boy !' said he in a frenzied tone. ' Did you hear nothing? Speak!' And he clutched her arm firmly. 'Not a sound, my lord,' she stam mered, now trembling violently and bursting into tears. The entrance of someone caused them to look round, and Emmie Lawford, wearing more the appearance of a ghost than of a living maiden, advanced in great agitation. ' The thief is somewhere in the castle, I believe,' said she, 'for it was he who knocked Martin down after my brother had sounded the gong as an alarm.' ' Then we may yet save Basil!' This remark came from Lord Fitz reagh. No one thought of questioning Emmie as to why she. was there—the danger was too pressing and too awful. 'Let us separate, my lord,' said Leigh, ' and search every cranny. Call up any of the servants who arc in the house,' added he to the frightened under-nurse. Then began a search into every nook and cranny; nor was Emmie the least of those eager in the work now that Martin had so far recovered. Seizing a light, she courageously took her part, going fearlessly onward into room after room, followed by the trembling nurse ipaid—but though they cried 'Basii! Basil!' in the hope that a cry from the little fellow might answer them, none came. Nor was Lord Fitzreagh idle, though he was quite aware that he was no match for any younger man whom he might encounter; while, as for Leigh, he was dashing from corridor to corridor, and down to every exit to make sure whether the child-stealpr hud escaped or no. On the way he encountered a timid group—three maids and a stableman— who, roused from sleep, had dressed hastily, and did not yet realise what had happened. ' Lord Basil has been stolen from his cot!' cried Leigh. ' Help to search the castle!' Half one dreadful hour had been consumed in this way, and still little Basil had not been discovered ! yet Leigh and everyone else who was aiding SjjIlLSfgM MJ S,™1/ pffsqa sion that the little hoy and his captor I were still somewhere in the wide man sion ; a place full of nooks and corners, turnings and windings. Ifo doors being open below had caused them to main tain this opinion, for the thief must have been unable to retrace his .way through the breakfast room, since Emmie had carried away the key. As Leigh paused in an upper passage, asking himself what nejct was to be done, Emmie's quick ears caught a faint sound, which seemed to come from the gasping lips of a young child. ' Basil!' she screamed out; and once more, faint and distant, the half strangled , child responded. Swept out of herself by her keen anxiety for the little boy, she darted along the passage, and as she. went, her flying feet brushed against something—a dainty, pale blue silk wrap, which the little fellow was accustomed to wear when in his cot, because he would continually toss his arms above his head, thus throwing off the clothes. ' Leigh !' cried Emmie, holding it on high, ' the child must have been taken this way, and this corridor leads to the roof!' Ha! they were on the right track at last. Unable to make his exit below, the miscreant must have gained ■ the roof, and what might not happen to the tender little Basil if his captor was desperate and made aii'alse step 1 ' Two or three of \ you men follow mo!' cried Leigh, springing up the stairway whioh led to the short, narrow flight opening on to the leads. By this time, although the indoor servants had not returned from the dance, a groom, one or two of the gardeners, and the stableman aforesaid had collected in the castle, and were assisting in the search, led now entirely by Leigh, for poor old Lord Fitzreagli had found that his day for going up arid down the raauy stairs, and of being deprived of his usual rest, was past. Quite worn out, he had sunk down on a chair in the hall, leaving, perforce, to others the quest for his little kinsman. Emmie, too, had sunk upon a chair iu the upper passage, and waited in sicken ing suspense to leam Basil's fate, and here Martin found her, and crept—quite overdone and mastered by his emotions —to her side. ' I can't stay here, Emmie,' cried he, starting up a moment after. ' I must see what they are doing on the roof.' 'No, don't go,' she answered. ' There are enough without you.' ' I'll only take a look, Emmie.' And he had left her before she could detain him. The boy, still weak, stumbled up the steps which gave on to the roof, gazing in wild alarm over the flat space, inter spersed with battlements and twisted chimneys, while in the uncertain light, half of darkest shadow half brightened by the moonbeams, he could distinguish the forms of several l>ersons moving about—Leigh and his companions, of course. But as he still gazed one of the narrow, dark chimneys appeared to detach itself from its fellow chimneys, and to crouch behind them, and to lie so motionless there that it seemed to be only a part of the deep shadow. ' It is the thief!' thought Martin, his youthful heart leaping wildly; 'but what he done with Basil ?' A dreadful idea paralysed him for a moment—had the man thrown the child over the battlements? But Martin pushed it from him, and sprang on to the roof. The thief saw him coming, and with one sharp, well-directed blow, laid the boy prostrate and half-stunned, before Leigh or his helpers (dispersed all about the straggling place) knew what was going on; and Martin's assailant had dashed from the roof within the house again, and had hidden in a brush closet, which had already been well searched, and thus gave his pursuers the slip. Even Emmie had not detected any noise, as the villain stole into his hiding- place. No wonder, perhaps, since his soft overshoes deadened all sound. And there he lay, perdu, until a moment for escape should arrive. ' There he is, sir,' said one of Leigh's helpers, espying the prostrate Martin, and mistaking him for the thief. 'Is he insensible, or shamming?' cried Leigh, bending down. And then he recognised Martin. Who was to tell whether tho boy had stumblfd and strqek his head against one of the numerous projections near him, or had been felled by a blow ? They carried him down into the now deserted passage, for Emmie was no longer there, and placing the boy on a bed in the nearest room, and leaving a couple of men to watch the exit from the roof,—Leigh went.below for aid. Emmie, however, had not^. abandoned her watch for no purpose. "Whilst waiting in the deserted pass age the girl, her ears continually on the stretch, imagined that she again de tected that feeble cry which had before roused her attention. It was a long way off, but more distinct fhan before, and, starting up, she pursued it. Which way was it borne ? Hot fr.ora the roof, surely. Ho, it was rather from the very end of the long corridor, or even still further off, that the strange, muffled cry floated to her ears. The sound could hardly bo called a cry, but it set her pulses tingling, and she tremblingly went on in the direction whence the sound had proceeded. Then she paused, listening intently, now turning an angle in the corridor, and she was thus out of the way of the villain who lay concealed in the brush closet. As for him, risking everything, he crept with snake-like movements from the closet into a short passage, paused, concealed himself, went on again, turned, doubled, till he came on a flight of staiys, down which he slid, all the time listening anxiously. Voices, move ment, floated up from below, but he was still undetected. A little more hardihood might take him safely through the midst of his enemies. Turning in the contrary direction to footsteps which were approaching him, going now up, now gliding down back stairs, he found himself at length at the head of the grand staircase, having actually just passed one of the flurried maids, who mistook him for one of the men who had been up to search the roof! Now if he could only gain the hall, open the door for himself, and make his exit, he was saved. The villain knew that he was playing a desperate game for freedom, and he dared not hesitate. Now for it. Flinging himself down by the handsomely - carved balusters, he reached the foot of the staircase. But not unseen. Two women servants were at that moment crossing the hall. They stared at him. He dodged them, and then they uttered a ciy. ' Stop that,' he said savagely, and fled towards the entrance. And he had turned the key, withdrawn a holt, and throwing back the door had dashed out into the night before anyone could arrest him, for he struck out at the women with a weapon he held, and the men arrived only to know that the thief had escaped. ' But the child!' gasped Leigh. ' He had not got the child with him, sir,' insisted the terrified women. The other men had followed helter skelter into the grounds, and Leigh was about to "pursue also, when Emmie's voice, calling strangely from above, and uttering a kind of joyful scream, attracted his attention. * "Whut is it ?' asked he, dashing up two steps at a time. 'Basil! I have found him. - Basil!1 she ejaculated, as if heside herself with joy. \- 'Is he hurt? "Where did you find him, Emmie ?' gasped Leigh, in strong excitement, taking the little fellow (who now began to scream) from her amis. ' I found him in a linen basket with the lid pressed down. Oh, Leigh, is he hurt ?' An excited group was by this time gathered at the head of the stairs, and it was Leigh only who retained sufficient command over himself to say, 'Let Lord Fitzreagh he informed immediately, and Mr. Martin Lawford.' A procession was next formed towards the nursery, and thither the sobbing Basil was carried. Poor little fellow, dazed by having found himself in the arms of a strange man and hurried about from one part of the castle to another, and finally, as the man realised that ho was trapped, thrust into a large upright basket in a deserted passage, it was not surprising that ho should cry piteously. But all his weeping did not awaken the head nurse, who still lay in a heavy slumber on the bed. It was a good while before the child could be soothed. Lord Fitzreagh came hurrying up to seo the restoif d boy, agd never had Emmie Lawford seemed fairer to hie eyes than as she walked up and down the nursery with Basil in her arms. Martin, a good deal shaken by his last encounter with the child-stealer, came too,' but he felt weak and dazed, and asked his sister1 if they could not go home.' And now when the worst was over, and everybody was relieved from the appalling fear which had beset them concerning Basil, the police arrived, followed soon afterwards by the servants who had been to the dance. And so great had been the confusion that it was only now that Leigh, together with Lord Fitzreagh, had time to inquire how it was that Emmie and her brother found themselves at the castle. It was Martin who explained very confusedly, but he did not mean people to fiud occasion to talk about his sister. ' Well, I suppose I ought to confess,' began he, ' that our being here came about through my intention to run away from home. I meant to go and seek my fortune in America, finding it so dull at our place. And one is always told that you can get land for nothing, and I like adventure.' ' Upon my word, young sir, you astonish me!' exclaimed Lord Fit:: reagh. ' But your wild idea of emi grating has, in some way, saved the house of Airton from a terrible sorrow.' 'Yes, my lord,' returned Martin, looking up, ' and as that good has come of it X hope you will ask my father not to be too hard upon me, you know.' ' You may be certain I will do my very best, my brave boy! But your sister here—you surely did not persuade her to accompany you ?' ' Oh; no. I never said a word to her or to anyone. But you see any noise is easily heard in the dead of night, and so, I suppose,' (stammering) ' my sister must have heard m'e go out, and so fol lowed me ' 'Ah! now I can understand Miss Emmie's presence on the scene. But pray continue.' ' Well, my lord, Bhe and I—I mean I had agreed to go back with her, and, at lenst to give up the idea of starting to night. We were in our park, under the trees, when we overheard a couple of men talking of carrying off little Basil —though they did not say so in plain words. But we understood! There was ' no time to call for help, and Emmie insisted on going with me, so wc ran through the wood, knowing that the thief had gone by the road. In this way we saw lum enter the castle by the breakfast-room window, which was open, and we followed, meaning to ring the alarm bell, but the rope had been put out of the way.' 'It is impossible to tell you how greatly I admire your courage and promptitude,' cried the old nobleman. ' Miss Lawford, you have acted heroically, and so has your brother.' 'Oh, don't praise me, please,' re plied Emmie, beginning to shed tears of agitation. ' If Basil is quite safe, I think we will go home now. Why, it is three o'clock iu the morning.' ' Let me entreat you to remain at the castle till daylight. Booms shall at once be prepared for you—and, indeed, it will be safer in every way. Mr. Eurrowes, I hopervou will also consent to remain here. My gratitude to you is only second to that which I feel to Mr. Martin and Mfss Lawford. Indeed, I cannot say all I feel at this agitating moment.' Leigh, however, disclaimed all neces sity for thanks, and was about to depart, but was induced to remain till he could accompany Martin and his sister home, since Emmie suggested that he might walk back to Oak Park to breakfast, in company with herself and Martin. Little Basil having by this time sobbed himself to sleep, Emmie retired for an hour or two till it should be convenient to leave the castle. ' Martin, you are a thoroughly good fellow!' whispered Leigh. ' No one can ever say a word against your sister now! You are something like a brother.' The boy's lips parted in a smile as lie took in the sense of Leigh's words, before he fell asleep. 