JOY IN ROCKHAMPTON, The accidental victory of the separa tionists.in the Assembly on Thursday afternoon has evidently- filled Rock- hampton with joy. The "Bulletin," in its issue of Friday, bubbles over with satisfaction, and the meeting of ihe Separation League on Friday afternoon, appropriately held in Curtis's Rooms, recorded its "extreme gratification." The. victory, says the " Bulletin," is a " forcible illustration of the wisdoin of continually pegging away in au agita tion of this kind. . . . ' Keep fight- ing' is the moral of this unexpectel suc- cess, for you never know when fortuno will favour you." Is the success of a snatch vote, known by every separa- tionist to be misropresentative of the opinion of the House, worth fighting fr.r continually ? The conversion of tho Southern majority to separationist views is one thing, and watching and waiting for such a vote as was taken on Thursday afternoon is quite another. Is separation ever likely to be effected by means of a notoriously misreptv sentative vote ? The " Bulletin" ad- mits that " the general expectation un- doubtedly was that, as iu the past, both motion and amendment would be de- feated." Upon what was that general expectation based except the common knowledge that a decisive majority in the Assembly is against separation 1 Indeed the victory on Thursday may be directly traced to that common know- ledge. The carelessness, however in- excusable, which gave the separation ists their chance was rooted in that | knowledge. The discussion on both motion and amendment was looked Upon as little else than an academic exercise, the sessional airing of an old subject. Mr. Curtis was at Rockhamp- ton on Thursday, and, according to the " Bulletin," " had no ideai that the mat- ter would come to a division" on that day or in that week." May we not go further, and affirm that Mr. Curtis knew perfectly well that in a prepared House neither motion nor ameudment had the ghost of a chance of securing' the assent of a majority ? .Consider- ing the Importance of the matter de- clared upon, and the circumstances surrounding the case, the separation victory was, we repeat, the joke of the session. But our Central friends mean to get all they can out of it. Thus the " Bulle- tin" : " Welcome victory though this is, we are still some distance from separa- tion. The Premier declares it was a snatch victory which the Government will disregard. When, even counting the Speaker, only five members over half of tile House take part in a divi- sion it is always open io the defeated party to cry "Snatch vote.' But after it is admitted that the House was a I small one, nay more, after the admis- sion is made that if there ¡had been a full Hou6e the resolution would pro- bably have been defeated, the fact still remains that the Assembly has declared that In its opinion, &c.; That is what all previous Houses Qiave always re- fused to do, and the declaration must be of great value in the further prosecution of the movement." lu a full House the resolution would "probably" have been defeated ; does not our contemporary know as well as -we do that in a full House the resolution would certainly have been defeated ? And are the Central . separationists so poverty stricken in resources that they are will- ing to use an accidental misrepresenta- tion of Parliamentary opinion ? Is the cause in such " a condition that even such -assistance is welcome ? Is this attempt to take advantage of a mero accident likely to hurt or help the move- ment ? Our contemporary exhorts the two members for Rockhampton, who. sit on opposite sides of the Assembly, to drop their differences. "The ¡happy issue of this resolution may surely he made a starting fp°mt for more harmonious working in future between the two ?meiribeis for the town, in the conduct of this movement." And if federation fails of accomplishment then an " active campaign for separation ought to be opened at once." (But by the time the question of federation \ is settled one way or the other we onay suppose that i tlie Assembly "will have- had ïm oppor- tunity of placing on record its real opinion on separation. ^All that can in justice be claimed for Thursday's vote 1s that nearly all the Central 'and Northern memhers favour separation. I But so much -was not in. doubt. What the separationists have to show is that I they have made a substantial impres- sion on Southern opinion. As the j matter now appears from this vital I point of view, it must be mentioned again that not a single representative, of a Southern constituency voted with the majority on Thursday. Ignorant I of the danger which threatened, no less ' than twenty-seven Southern members- j several more than thej separationists' majority-happened to he absent from the Chamber when the snatch division was called for. "Süll the League has solemnly announced that Thursday's vote "must have great influence in favour of the demand of Oie people of Central and Northern Queensland foi territorial separation, stimulating them to do ti.cir utmost to carry the move- ment to a successful issue." There is a proveibial saying about the prevailing powe1' of truth, but here wt» get a hearty and joyful belief in the prevailing power of error. And toe result of the d.vlsion-not the explauaHur of it also ? -has "been cabled hy the League to Mr. Hogan, M.P., in London. We assume that the Government will do whatever is required to insure that the truth of the matter «hall be known In «Britain, and though there is joy in the separation 'camp to-day it is pretty certain that very little time will pass before the former disappointment will again re- sume its sway. The engine of the 4.35 p.m. train from Brisbane for Sandgate on Friday broke down close to Deagon Station (writes our cor- respondent), something having gone wrong with the brake. The engine just managed to drag the two front coaches into Sand- gate, but passengers for the terminus had to walk. Another engine was wired for to Brisbane to take on the carriages, but the accident threw the time-table out. The ex- press down train from Brisbane at 5.40 had to stand at Nudgee for three-quarters of an hour, and the 5.23 p.m. up train did not get away from here till nearly half-past 7 o'clock ; and it was not till this train got away that regular running was again com- menced. 