8ATHILBE Kk A TALE OF MODI']]IN EGYPT (ATT. HY AN 1)1! !*;\V HAUIiARD, D.S.O. (ALL KIOHT* RESERVED). ; I was for years so closely associated with diaries Dunraven that I can re late everything that happened to him almost exactly as if it had happened to myself. Those who see in him now a grave, stern, grey, almost middle-aged looking man, can form n<> idea what a lively, merry, devil-may-care fellow he was in 1886. He had joined the Egyptian Gendarmerie a year or two previous, and was an excellent officer iu every way. After having distinguished himself in an affair '.villi brigands in some caves in the nuiutmytiiied hills of Boni-Hassan, he was granted leave for a while to come down the Nile to Cairo and recover from a sword cut he had got in the scrimmage. But. as his wound whs very soon well, he did not have to bother much about that, but set 10 work to enjoy himself as much as possible. Among other things, he was very fond of riding, and very soon bought a couple of capital polo ponies ami a dog-cart horse, all of which he stabled in a curious little lane, between Sheplieard's Hotel, where he stayed, and the bridge which goes across the canal leading to the Shoobra Avenue and the " Mehattah," or railway station. They were comfortable stables, rv'hich he had had before, but he had always imagined the low houS.es on the other side of the very narrow lane to be uninhabited, or only used as store-houses. One evening, however, he was undeceived. He was watching Said, one of his Egyptian syces, or grooms, rubbing down a pony after returning from polo, when a little furry-haired dog ran out at him and began barking furiously. To his surprise a door opened wide within teu feet of where he stood, disclosing a little "patio," or conn yard, in which were some palms, and in the doorway stood a young lady, who began calling " Brooko, Brooko, Brooko," in a vain attempt to call the dog off. - This young lady was attired in a very neglige attire ; in fact, at the first glance it almost seemed to Dunraven as if she had just risen from her bed, for she was in a loose wrapper, which might have been either a bed or a dressing gown, and her hair, which was black with a reddish tinge, hung in luxuriant tresses down her back. Dunraven took her for a young Syrian lady, which, indeed, she much resembled, but as the dog still went onbarking, her cries 0*' " Brooko. Brooko," showed so plainly the state of distress to which she was reduced by its misdemeanour, that Dunraven advanced towards her, only a. pace or two indeed separating them from the !irst. "Mademoiselle," said he politely, addressing her in French -and smiling, " pray do not, worry about your little slog with the strange name of ' Brooko,' 1 ssure you his barking does no harm." i-Vnd, after a pause, he continued, reassured by her pleasant- smile, " I hope he and I will be better friends before long. But, 5 ' added he. gallantly,' " I had no idea, that I bad such a charming neighbour so near my stables, or I assure you, mademoiselle, that L should have ordered my syces not to leave such a quantity of water standing, as they invariably do, here before your door in the roadway." " I know you better that you know, me then," answered the young lady; ! smiling, and speaking French with am Italian accent ; and when she smiled ho saw how beautiful she was, and noticed, moreover, for the first time the lovely figure which her " gallibiyeh," or loose Egyptian dressing-gown, only, servd to accentuate. "1 have known von for a year," she continued naively, "and felt indeed sadly lonely when you last went away up the Nile, for I used to watch you every evening through the partly open door, and, when at length you left, I used ! wn-vs to feed with sugar the la,me horse you lett benmu, tintii ne was sold, and then, indeed, 1 did feel rather lonely, 1 must own, for I had no one to talk to and my occupation, was gone." And as she now smiled at him again with her great dusky, lustrous eves, Dunraven felt inclined to curse his stupidity that he laid never before found out this voluptuous, beautiful girl's proximity. " Ah ! mademoiselle," lie said " would that I had known a year ago that L had such a charming neighbour; but now that 1 have round it out you will iet me come and thank you some time or other for your kindness to my lame horse, will you not V " This was a lame enough excuse for continuing the acquaintance, certainly, out any peg serves to hang a. hat on, and when two people are both young, . nssionate, and good- looking, a. lame horse that, has been fed v. ith sugar, a iool of v> :>tvr in a roadway, or a Utile dog that barks, are one and all good enough excuses for the purpose. Anyhow the acquaintance was begun, /jivt before they separated the lovely girl said laughingly, Yes, you may come and see me sometime when I am more appropriately dressed to receive you t han 1 am now, but you must not call me mademoiselle though, out maclame. for 1 am a widow. A . widow ! that young ardent-looking girl a widow ! But so it was, Mat Inkle Kariiiz was, although only eighteen vear:--. old, the widow of a half- Austrian half- Italian,|from Trieste, and , the charming little house in which she lived, with no other companion but an old and withered-looking Italian servant, was her own property. To. cut. a long- story short Charles Dunraven and the lovely young girl soon fell passionately in love with each other, and as both were independent and they had no one to consult but their own inclinations, the inevitable result was a liaison between them. Charles became so attached to the lovely widow that we soon missed him daily from lbs old haunts, the Turf Club and the much frequented afternoon lounge on the verandah of Sheplieard's Hotel, and. indeed, soon we missed him from the hotel altogether, for he had el eared out, bag and baggage ; and with the exception of myself, nobody knew where, he had gone to live, and bus the time passed until his leave .-. as getting on towards a close, and he •vi's thinking or soon returning up the Nile to Assouon. One day, wlienDun- ••nveu had been playing polo, he came, 111 days gone by, to laugh and; •Matter a bit on the verandah at Sheplieard's, as lie was riding home from the polo ground at Gezireh. f had not seen him for some time, so 1 chaffingly asked him if he was happy.' " Happy 1" said he. " Old man, 1 am, just living in a heaven of perpetual blue, with never a cloud on the horizon except my approaching departure up the Nile, which, however, I will not allow - myself to think of." " Oh, that's all right," said I, somewhat brutally ; " then 1 suppose the. rival hasn't turned np yet." " Rival !" said Charles, scornfully. "Rival, with my heavenly little Mathilde ! Why, man, the thing's impossible. To begin with, she never speaks to a man except myself and an old uncle, who treats me most paternally 3 and, to go on with—well, she would never look at the fellow, even if he were there." "If you were there, I expect you,, mean, old chap ; but if you were away, as you will be soon, who knows ? "Women are very fickle creatures, you know, and even lovely Italian girls may be glad of variety, like other people." " Oh, shut up, old fellow, and don't talk rot !" said Dunraven testily, and he called to his syee to bring his pony across the way rroin where it was standing under the. arches opposite ; then he mounted hastily and clattered off up the street. That very evening, when he got to the little house in the lane, he had an unpleasant surprise. He found a very handsome but dark and repellentlooking Italian gentleman sitting with .Mathilde, drinking Arabic coffee in the patio, or courtyard. He was introduced to him as her cousin, Signor J Lorenzo di Carlotti- Thev hated each other from the very nr.si., j for this event coming so soon after his j conversation with me, Charles Dunraven scented a rival the second he saw the man ; and the cousin hated him also, for he could but see that, he was distinctly the man in possession, and he had—so we heard later—been an adorer of Mathilde Karlit.z for several years. This Signor Carlotti had just come down the Nile from Assiout, which is, as everyone knows, the terminus of the NilcC vdlroad which runs south from the Boulak Dakroor Station, and which is the most important city in Upper Egypt. Tt, is an odd thing', however, to chronicle here, but there are along the course of the Nile no less than ! three different lines of rail at various points, all utterly disconnected with one another, as many a British soldier learnt to his cost during the recent Nile exneclit.ion. For to Inve to load, and unload baggage and stores about six times over was the unpleasant result of this state of things, which caused many deep-toned curses on the part of " Tommy Atkins." One of these railroads, that which skirts the first cataract at Assouan, is only seven miles in length, and goes from the landing stage at North End to Shellal, which is over against the island of Philap, so celebrated for its ruins. But. apparently, the French soldiers of days gone by had more time to stop and examine those ruins than had our own troops, for their names may be seen, accompanied with dates of the beginning of the century, scribbled about on every stone of interest that is within reach upon the magnificent pylons. Another Nile railroad begins at Wady Haifa, just below the Second Cataract, and extends for eighty-seven miles through the most awfully barren country the heart of man can conceive, its termination being at Akasheb. There now, alas ! the festive Dervish roams unheeded, and the shriek of the steam-horse is no longer heard. But, " revenons a nos moutons." Dunraven sat and glared at Signor de Carlotti, while the handsome Dorenzo glowered in turn at Dunraven, until politeness, accompanied by various hints from Mathilde as to ;the lateness of the hour, compelled the Italian to take his departure. This he did not do, however, without, a parting sarcasm at his rival. "It appears, my fair cousin," said he, .scornfully, " that the lateness of the hour does not apply to English officers of the Egyptian Gendarmerie ! but I suppose that is because their police, duties make their presence necessary to protect the honour of our ladies?" Dunraven sprang forward with the intention of striking the insulting Italian, but Mathilde laid a restraining hand upon his shoulder, and made him curb his fiery temper. Herself, she answered her cousin. "With Hashing eyes, she said, if. cousin Lorenzo, yoa have learned 110 bet;er manners up at Assiont than to come here and insult me and my guests, all I can say is the sooner you return to Assiout the better. At any rate, you need not darken my doors again." With a curse, Carlotti tu'-ned, and muttering something between his teeth, left the house. After he had left, Mathilde, springing to her lover's arms, commenced f » weep passionately. "Oh!" said she. " Oh, the mischance that brought Lorenzo to my house while you were, ! here. For he will kill you! he will certainly kill you! I know his wicked heart—I. know his cruel bloodthirsty nature. If only to be revenged on me, whom he has persecuted with Ins, attentions for so long, he will murder you to break my heart. And 1, what. ! shall I do? Oh! Carlo, mio caro Carlo, what shall I do Y" And rise • beautiful girl broke down in a regnla, • torrent of tears ; she seemed quite ! beside herself with grief. " Nonsense, i mia carissima, Mathilde," replied Dan- I raven, soothingly. " Have nothing to ! fear from that beggarly Italian. Howcan he hurt me u I am more than a. match for him." For in all the pr ide, of being an Englishman, he forgot, that his love was herself an Italian girl, as he proudly drew himself up and clenched a hand, in which, in imagination, ne already gripped his rival by the throat. But Mathilde, still weeping, never noticed the slight to herself as she replied, " Oh, it is not that you are not a match for him, and more than a match, for him, if only you had his open antagonism to dread ; but you will have treachery to contend against—the poisoned cup or the assassin's dagger ; that is what you will have to fear T Charles Dunraven continued to try and soothe her fears, but it must be confessed that the result of her words was, in a degree, to make him feel somewhat uneasy in himself, although he carefully concealed this "malaise" from bis lovely sweetheart. For one. may. well be a strong and a brave man, but who can feel quite comfortable when he has been warned never to touch a cup of coffee without carefully sniffing at it first to see if it smells poisoned, and never to go round a street corner without carefully glancing backwards over your shoulder to see if a dagger's point is not in dangerous proximity to' the small of your back r And this is* the sort of life Charles led for about' •a week, for Mathilde constantly and; anxiously renewed her warnings to, him to be ever on the look-out for treachery of some kind. But nothing: happened, and at the end of a weeki matters improved. The old uncle,; who was Mathilde's almost sole visitor-, and who seemed to look uponj Dunraven almost as a son, came in one morning with the joyful intelligence that Lorenzo di Carlotti had; departed once more to his avocations' up the Nile, at Assiout. And thusi an incubus—which had been certainlyj irksome to Charles himself,- and a. matter of terrible anxiety to Mathilde, was removed. And once more tlie pure oval of the voluptuous little Italian face was constantly suffused with blight and happy smiles; and once again those grand soft lustrous, eyes contained nothing but the merry, •mischievous laughter of one who is almost always happy and never tired of teasing her lover. For Mathilde's •style of beauty was eminently a joyous :one ; and during- the few visits I was [privileged to pay her, and drink a little cup of Egyptian coffee in her company, I was always struck by the constant, but somewhat mocking, smile ;—the smile of a regular tease—that for ever hung about her delicious little mouth. But, by the bye, what a habit that same coffee drinking becomes m Cairo. Coffee drinking .and cigarette smoking, in season and ; out of season, is indeed the rule in Egypt. Whether it is the Khedive .you go to see in his palace, or the ishopkeeper . in the Klian-Khalili -Bazaar, if you pass from department to department throughout all the Government offices, or if you visit your most intimate friend—man or woman—in the o uietness of & secluded home, everywhere alike are the tiny little " fingans " or coffee cups instantly produced, the fragrant Arabic coffee, poured out, and the ^cigarettes offered at the same time. ;But this habit of perpetual coffee •drinking never seems to do any one any harm. Everyone, native or European, does it. froio 5 a.m. till midnight or later, and no one is the worse for the custom. At length came the time for Dunraven to be off again up the Nile to his distant post at Assouan, which is live or six days' journey by steamer ' further south than Assiout, on the borders of Nubia, and chiefly inhabit- • ed by Nubians or Berberines, and not by Egyptians proper. Picturesquely enough situated, among its palm trees, i it is, nevertheless, a thoroughly dreary and unhealthy spot, where, alas! many a, British soldier is laid in liis,< last resting place, and it is, moreover,; a town, which at the time of my; story, if we except the buildings built, bv the Egyptian Government for its. officials, scarcely possessed a house fit for a European to live in. As Dunraven was to be in charge of the' Gendarmerie at Assouan, he would himself be provided with a more or, less uncomfortable official residence, but he came to me one day in a great, state of distress about Mathilde Karlitz. who was begging him to allow her to accompany 111111, v^i lie had assured her that was an impossibility in every way, but equally, of course, poor Mathilde insisted, like Ruth, that where he could go she could go ; for what woman, especially a woman in love, and devotedly so, was ever yet known to listen to reason? But it was not so much from any selfish motive that Mathilde desired to accompany him, as much as from fears for his safety. She had, she said, had all kinds of distressing dreams of possible dangers that menaced him, especially with reference to Lorenzo, her cousin, and she had also dreamt that she it was, and .she alone, who would be able to avert the danger, and she believed in dreams. Therefore, in spite of Dunraven's constant refusals to listen to her prayers to allow her to accompany him, she still begged him to let her go up to Assouan with him, if only to return at once after his arrival. She urged strongly that, if he was afraid of her compromising him in his official position, she would go disguised as an Arab woman. Veiled in the Egyptian fashion she would pass for one of his own syce's wives ; she would live too, like an Arab, and as she spoke Arabic identically like a native, no one 011 earth would ever suspect her identity. But still she urged in vain, for in addition to all the disadvantages of her going up to Assouan at all. Dunraven, who really loved her devotedly, was terrified on account of her health, there being just then a raging epidemic of typhoid fever at several places along the banks, and the telegraph reporting numbers of deaths as daily occurring at Assouan. I never saw a woman so devotedly and passionately in love in my life. It was most touching. To my surpriseshe even came to me one day in my rooms at Shepheard's Hotel, to beg ^me to try to move her lover. It was •almost impossible to believe that the beautiful young lady who came to me dressed in the very smartest and latest Parisian style, with the most coquettish of creation in the shape of a tulle bonnet, was really most anxious to disguise herself in the hideous dress of an Egyptian woman, and all for the sake of love. But so it was. She threw herself at ray feet, she clasped my knees, she kissed my hands, while the hot tears rained down upon them until, quite gained over, I felt for the moment that Dunraven was a positive brute not to let Mathilde accompany him, and I weakly vowed that I would persuade him to do so. Impulsively the lovely creature sprang to her feet, threw, her arms around my neck, and kissed me on the lips. It was the most innocent action in the world under the circumstances, and I shall cherish the memory of that kiss to my dying day. 1 don't know what the apshot of it all would have been, but circumstances eventually made it impossible for Charles to take her. He was suddenly ordered off the next day after our interview, and instead of going up the Nile by train to Assiout, ordered to go up with some officers and soldiers in a steamer that was starting from the Kasrel-Nil Bridge that very evening. He scarcely had time to say good-bye to Mathilde and embark, and none to make any definite arrangements with her. I drove her back in an "arabiyeh " from the steamer, when she was very pale and determined-looking, and her eyes, which glittered brightly, were quite tearless. Indeed she had, to my great surprise, parted from Dunraven with the greatest composure, a composure which, I think, must have alarmed him, so different was it to her usual passionate impulsiveness. It certainly astonished me. I left her at. her own house, and then with great regret said farewell, for I had to go down to Alexandria on duty next day. And that was the last time I saw her. I must, now pass over the incidents of Da:.raven's voyage up the Nile to Assiout, where he ehtraged into one of Cook's Nile steamers going further south, and I will indeed carry him fight on, four days' journey or SO further south, to Luxor, so celebrated for its own munificent ruins, and for tne stupendous ruins or iLarnaK, about a mile away, these latter, indeed, being the most wonderful remains of antiquity that the whole world possesses. ! The steamer had been crowded with people of all classes and nationalities, and Charles Dunraven hailed with relief the idea of getting ashore and away from the motley crew for a night, as he had secured rooms, by wire in ad vance, at the excellent Luxor Hotel. A great many other passengers also disembarked at Luxor, and as they were all going over the side together, Dunraven remarked •audibly to an acquaintance, " I shall stroll up to Karnak after dinner tonight and look at the temples by moonlight. Do you care to come ? " "Not I, faith," replied the other, " the ruins have a very bad reputation after dark. They say they ore j haunted, not only by the ghosts of • dead and gone Egyptians, but also by j brigands." " Oh ! " laughed Charles, " is that all ? Well, thank goodness, I am not in the least afraid of spooks, i and as for brigands, those gentry are ; not very brave about here, and after the lesson we gave them recently at Beni Hassan, my one Gendarmerie coat and my ' tar bush,' or fez^would scare away a whole army of tnem, so I shall go alone. I am rather fond of solitude in ruins." Accordingly, therefore, to his determination, that night Charles started alone for the ruins. He knew the way well, and his Egyptian uniform, of a Gendarmerie Bey, deterred any of the usual Arab loafers about the hotel from molesting and pestering him with offers of their company, especially as he had a small detached gendarmerie post in the place itself, the commander of which, a sergeant-major, had reported himself immediately on his arrival. Dunraven had simply told the " bashshawesh," or sergeant-major, to carry out his usual patrols and to leave, business till the morrow morn, and had then started. He wore his sword in a brown leather "Sam-Browne" belt, but had no other weapon. Slowly sauntering along in the glittering moonlight of that lovely night, he had gained the celebrated* avenue of sphinxes almost before he knew he had started. His thoughts were far away down the Nile with his dear Mathilde, and through the thin wreaths of his cigarette smoke he almost imagined he saw her sweet image floating above him, as it were, in a halo floating on a background of cerulean blue. Suddenly, just as he reached the last sphinx of all, that which was just on the edge of the sombre shadows cast by the weird columns of the mighty temple into which he was about to plunge, he was disagreeably aroused from his reverie. From where she was sitting on the sandy ground, leaning against this sphinx and apparently dozing, an Arab beggar woman jumped up and accosted him. She wore as her sole garment nothing but a loose dark blue gallibizeh, or blouse, the usual garment of 'he fellaheen women. Her face was veiled with the usual black veil and gold nose-piece worn by the lower orders, and her feet and arms, which were bare, shone with the greater contrast in the moonlight on account of the sombre hues of her attire. Dunraven started surprised, but the words, " Amat marouf ya Saadat el Bey iddini wahed gharsh " (" Pray his excellency the Bey to give me one piastre.'") uttered in the usual whining tone beggars everywhere adopt, showed him at once what he had to deal with. Feeling annoyed at being aroused from his pleasant thoughts, he was going to pass on heedless of her, when she, springing forward and clasping him by the arm, recommenced volubly and loudly, " For the love of God, give rue a piastre—for the love of the' Prophet, Bey, give me one piastre—only one piastre." And then, to his infinite surprise, he heard interspersed, sotto voce, between the harsh Arabic gutturals, the words of love whispered in softest Italian, " It is I, Carlo mio, thy Mathilde, Carlo rnio. To ti amo, but go not within the ruins to-night, for God's sake." Then, continuing in Arabic again i ; i | i 1 ; : . I i niuuif, snc recommenced oeggmg, " Give me a piastre, Bey, only one piastre." Then once more another whisper in Italian, " Loosen swifty thy sword in its sheath, Carlo mio. T followed thee in the steamboat from Assiout, and have overheard a plot toslay thee. Get ready, therefore !, Onlv one piastre, for the forgiveness of the holy Prophet Mahomed ; one piastre to the poor fellah woman." In Dalian again—There are threeof them. Lorenzo and two Arabs. They are armed with swords—he has a pistol. A piastre, Bey, one piastre. By Hassan and Hussein. give me a piastre. Do not mind me, Carlo, 1 am safe. They think I am only an. Arab beggar girl trying to decoy yon into the temple, and they have offered me money to do so, but. go thou not in. keep rather thy back to that wide column." And she continued in softer Arabic, " A piastre, -Bey, only a piastre, and then Miriam, surnamed the Beautiful, will guide thee round the temples in the sweet moonlight, and, who knows, perhaps, as there is no one there, but she may show unto thee her face in some of the inner recesses. Yes, Bey, the face of Miriam el quiesa. Miriam the lovely ! Think of it Bey ! " Whispering again, " Put not thy hand in thy pocket, Cai'lo, for even an instant for they are watching thee. Be ready." And so it went on; the faithful, devoted girl warning her lover while pretending all the time to act as a decoy. Suddenly a loud, rough voice was heard, ex claiming impatiently, "Bus ya bint" imshi warra ! " Enough, girl ! Get th ee behind there ! " And Lorenzo di Carlotti emerged from behind a pillar, while two truculent-looking Arabs rushed straight upon Dunraven with drawn swords. With a scream Mathilde sprang aside, but purpose! v she fell, and fell in front of the leading one of the Arabs, in such a wav that he in turn tripped over her and fell headlong almost at Charles' feet where he stood with his back to the column. They were, he saw, three to one. It was no time, therefore, to think of chivalry to a fallen foe. His y'ood sword, a splendid weapon by Wilkinson, flashed brightly in the moonlight, and as the Arab strove to rise he clove him through his turban to the chin, and then instantly turned to engage his second foe, a stalwart and sturdy negro, who handled his sword both bravely and in a skilful 'manner. Meanwhile, Mathilde had herself crept away behind Lorenzo, who held a nickel-plated revolver in his hand, and who stood, with a sardonic grin, watching the well-matched pair, while listening with pleasure to the clashing steel. He thought the issue was certain, for he had his revolver to back his henchman up with. Presently, the negro gave Charles a severe cut on his left elbow, and the red blood could be seen staining his white jacket and dripping to the ground. " Afarim ! (Bravo !) Said, Afarim ! " cried Lorenzo. "But now be careful, Said, my friend, and thou hast him at thy mercy. Gordon Pasha did not surely decorate thee in vain for thy prowess in swordsmanship. Thou shalt surely kill the dog directly." The negro grinned, and the fight continued. Charlie soon felt himself getting weaker from loss of blood. But he kept his head. He felt himself overmatched in strength, indeed, but he determined to try skill. He made suddenly a feint at the Arab's head. As the negro warrior raised his sword to protect his head, Charles, avoiding all contact with his blade, continued his downward cut with a continuous sweep outwards, which he changed into an ! upward cut, the old cut three, at the I enemy's wrist, as in the old infantry sword exercise. This ruse was successful. The Arab, in raising his hand, had left his wrist exposed, and Dunraven's keen blade, meeting it, nearly severed it in twain. With a i yell the negro dropped his blade. At ; this moment Carlotti advancing a pace, raised his revolver and was about to blow his rival's bn»in« <Mit, where he lay, when an une.xpt del event occurred to mar his hm.b.l.U intention. The sham ivrao aeeoy girl sprang upon him from behind and clasped him firmly round both arms. He was pinioned, to fire with effect was impossible—one barrel, indeed, actually exploded accidentally. At the same time, the Arab decoy girl cried out loudly, " Carlo mio': the Arab's sword ! Take the Arab's sword, Carlo mio." With a curse. Lorenzo recognised his cousin Ma thilde's voice, and vainly he struggled to Free himself from her. She clung, however, with a force that was double—nay.. treble her ordinary strength—with the force of despair. Dunraven had taken the Arab's sword, but to assist Mathilde was impossible, he could not strike without wounding her. Suddenly, with a desperate wrench, Lorenzo di Carlotti tore himself free from her grasp, and instantaneously turning on her with an oath, fired at her point blank and she fell. But even as she did so she was avenged, for with a tremendous blow of the negro's curved scimitar, delivered at the very same instant, Dunraven completely decapitated the Italian, whose head flew off, and before its last curse had well left its lips, was rolling on the ground beside his victim. The frightful final oath, was actually only completed on the ground! His headless body, still, holding- the smoking revolver, remained weirdly poised for a moment, and then fell 'heavily in the opposite direction, the contraction of the muscles of the fingers exploding another chamber of the revolver as it did so. And just at that moment the Sergeant-major of Gendarmerie and a patrol of four men, attracted by the sound of shots, appeared upon the ghastly scene. For the Sergeantmajor was an Egyptian and an eyeservant, and had therefore gone out with the patrol himself with the full intention of meeting "the Bey" and of showing him what a zealous and good gendarme he was. For he hoped thus to become soon made a mulazim thani," or second lieutenant, He did, indeed, find the Bey, not perhaps, indeed, quite as he had expected to, but surrounded by dead and dying people. And he has also since become a mulazim thani, but it is for the tenderness and care with which he conveyed Mathilde to the hotel, whereby her life was preserved, that he obtained that distinction. For she was taken back alive. Now, there was a good, old Roman Catholic priest at the Luxor Hotel, and when Mathilde had reooyered consciousness, feeling that she was likely to die, she confessed all her sins to him. He said, kindly and confidently, it was not yet too late to make reparation, and asked Charles with great dignity of demeanour if he did not think he ought to marry her in order that she might die happy and go to heaven. "Marry her," cried Charles, with tears in his eyes, " that will I most willingly do—but not that she may die happy, but that please God, she may live so." And she lived ! But Dunraven has never quite got over that night, and the anxiety he felt about Mathilde, then, it had, in fact, before the dawn broke, aged him by at least ten years. 