FOIN TELROY BY A. DURIVAGE. CHAPTER XXIV (Continued.) ' Put the irons on him, Mat,' said the lawyer, ' and I wish they were red-hot.' ' One moment, . gentlemen,' said Perez. ' Let me have one drink of water before you deprive me of the use of my hands. I give you my word I will neither try to escape nor to resist.' Re walked to a side-table, on which stood a pitcher of ice-water and goblets, and filling a glass, with his back turned towards them, faced round and raised it to his lips. ' Gentlemen," he said, ' you might have offered me champagne, but here's to you in Croton. ' " Wine for the tremulous debauchee, But water, bright water's the drink for He emptied the glass, walked back to his chair, and holding out his wrists, said, smilingly: ' Now, friend Sharplesy, the darbies!' The detective slipped on the steel ruffles with professional dexterity. ' Have you a conveyance to remove the brute ?' asked Scrivner. 'He is able to walk,' answered Sharpley. 'What !' exclaimed Perez, in a mocking tone, ' would you expose me to the jeers of the idle rabble ? That's hardly gentlemanly treatment. Quite unfair. But you overrate my ability. I don't think I am able to walk with you.. Indeed my strength is giving way rapidly. Probably the reaction after the shock to my nervous system. It has been a very exciting morning to me.' A singular change came over the disfigured face of the criminal. It was deadly pale, and the muscles were distorted by an agony he seemed try ing proudly to control. Doctor Maxwell sprang to his side and felt his pulse. 'The man is dying,' he said to Sharpley. ' Is that-your-professional opi nion ?' gasped out Perez. Doctor Maxwell made him no answer, but rushing to the table smelled of the goblet out of which Perez had been drinking. The gla zing eyes of the culprit followed him. ' Doctor,' said he, ' if there's any thing left in the glass, I assure you as a friend, not to taste it, for a dozen drops-' 'Of the manioc poison would be fatal,' said the doctor, completing the sentence. Perez was now writhing in the last agony. 'Ah, ha !' he laughed, through his ground teeth. 'I've spoiled your triumph, after all. You know, most noble marquis, how your slaves some times baffled your vengeance. I was a slave once, and we all knew how to kill you or ourselves when we could do no better. I always-told-my pals-I knew how-to cheat the gal lows. I've-I've done it!' They were his last words. He fell from his chair, face downward on the floor, a terrible shudder convulsed his powerful frame, and then he lay per fectly still. Doctor Maxwell stooped down, ex amined him, and pronounced him dead. An awed silence fell on the spectators. Sharpley drew the cloth from the table and laid it over the body. ' He has spared us some trouble,' said the detective, who was the first to speak, addressing the lawyer. 'But he has cheated the gallows, as he said, for his conviction would have been certain.' 'Oh! no!' replied Scrivner, 'he might have got off.' ' On what plea ?' ' Chronic insanity. My dear Mat, petty crimes are pretty sure of pun ishment, but in capital cases the odds are in favour of the prisoner.' There was a ring at the door bell, and then, directly afterward, what seemed to be the ghost of a young man, so wan and thin was he, walked into the room. ' Tell me, gentlemen, he said, which of you is the Marquis de Monterosa ?' 'That. is my name, sir,' said the marquis, advancing. ' Yours ?' ' My name is Norman, sir. I have had the honour of teaching your daughter drawing and painting.' ' Norman the artist !' cried Dr. Max well. ' Norman, whom we have mourned as dead! By what miracle are you alive ?' 'By a special interposition of o vidence, as I firmly believe,' replied the young man, very gravely. 'I was decoyed into a boat on the river by two villains-' 'Both of whom are dead,' inter rupted Dr. Maxwell. * One of them lies there at your feet.' The artist glanced with a shudder at the huddled mass on the floor, and then continued: ' These men suddenly attacked me in the boat, wounded me, and I fell overboard. In so doing I must havo struck my head against a rock. What follows I relate as it has been told me by other parties. Two fishermen from the Jersey shore, in a small boat, saw me on the surface, swimming in stinctively - automatically. They hailed me, and I returned no answer. They took me into their boat, and at first thought I was intoxicated. Even my wound led them to suppose that I had been injured in some drunken brawl. However, they were good Christians, attended to my hurt, which was not dangerous, and carried me to their shanty, which stood by itself in a lonely spot on the opposite shore. There they undressed me and put me to bed. In the morning, according to their account, I ate and devoured with avidity what they offered me, but my talk was incoherent. Of course I re member nothing of it myself. My benefactors were poor and very igno rant men, though kind-hearted and generous. They read no papers, rarely gossiped with their neighbours, and did not trouble their heads about what happened in the great city across the river. They were puzzled about me, to be sure. My clothes were those of a gentleman, and there happened to be nothing about me to give them a clue as to who and what I was. There was a pocket.book with some money in it, every cent of which I found when I recovered my senses. I must have had a hard time of it; but youth and a vigorous constitution, under the blessing of Providence, carried me through. I am scarcely able to move about now, and it was perhaps imprudent to come over to the city to-day. One thing I forgot to mention. When the attempt was made upon my life I had- where I had always worn it, around my neck -a locket containing a miniature. I had always prized that as a talisman. When I recovered, in the fisherman's hut, it was gone." 'Young man,' said Dr. Maxwell, ' you have reason to be thankful. I recognise in you - ' ' Stop !' said the lawyer, putting him aside. ' Don't be hasty. We have suffered enough already by haste. Young gentleman, your story is a very extraordinary one.' 'I admit it, sir,' said Norman. 'But it may be easily verified-at least in part. I am greatly changed, I know; but there is a witness of my identity near at hand-Miss de Monte rosa.' ' Ay, ay,' said the lawyer; ' as you say, that part of the story is easily verified. But how can you prove that you were possessed of the miniature you claim to have lest ?' ' How ?' exclaimed the artist. ' Stay, I remember having reproduced a por trait frem memory in Miss de Monte rosa's album, and writing beneath it the initials C.F., which were engraven on the case. Now you will admit that no one who had not the picture in his possession, and had impressed its fea tures indelibly on his memory by con stant study, could have reproduced it, touch for touch.' 'tUmp! There is something in that,' said Serivner. Here the marquis begged to be excused and left the room. During the interval of his absence the lawyer plied the young man with questions, as if he had been a witness on the stand, and Norman answered him promptly and clearly. In a few minutes the marquis re turned, radiant. He held an open sketch book, which he placed in the lawyer's hand. 'Look there!' he said. 'It is a perfect copy of the miniature, and executed by a master hand. By the magic of his art, poor, dear Carmelita lives again. But I ask you to look from that picture upon the young man, and say whether he is not, allowing for the effects of illness and the difference of sex, the living image of the pictured face? I doubt no longer-I doubted not from the moment I beheld him. Norman Eon telroy, welcome to myhouse and heart!' Tears stood in his eyes as he grasped the hand of the young artist. ' Another proof,' said Dr. Maxwell. A chain of circumstances proved that the artist, Norman, educated in Paris, was the man I sought-the heir of Fontelroy. I did not succeed in meet ing him in Europe, but from a friend of his I procured this photograph.' He showed a card picture to the lawyer and the marquis. 'The original stands before us,' he added, as he introduced himself and shook hands with the heir. 'Now come, gentlemen,' said the marquis, ' we must spare our friend one moment. My dear Fontelroy, go up into the drawing-room-you know the way-for there is a lady there waitingtosee you. Ihavepreparedher.' Norman flew up stairs. Love sup plied the vigour he had lost. He en tered the drawing-room. A lovely girl, paler almost than himself, rose from the sofa, extended her hand, and then, obeying a generous impulse, flew into his extended arms, and sobbed upon his shoulder. Never was a mute declaration of mutual love more intelligiblyeloquent. Little now remains to be said. Fontelroy, legally recognised as the rightful heir of his father's fortune, led the beautiful and wealthy heiress of the Marquis de Monterosa to the altar. On that day the two honest fishermen who had saved his life dis covered they had entertained an angel unawares, by receiving a letter from him, interpreted by a learned neigh bour, covering a cheque for ten thou sand dollars. At the inquest held on the bodies of John Browning and Manuel Perez, the story of their crimes was made public, and then their remains were committed to unhonoured graves, and their me mory held in execration. Ermeline Montgomery recovered from the wound inflicted by the assas sin in time to attend the wedding of Norman and Isabella. But it was her last appearance in public. Soon after wards she became a Sister of Charity, and devoted her fortune to good works. One of her benefactions was a liberal provision for poor Mrs. Browning, who was quite broken down by the shame and death of her son. Doctor Maxwell-the genuine Doc tor Maxwell-is so pleased with America that he has decided to remain there. He is often the honoured guest of Monterosa and the Fontel roys, who divide the year between their villa on the Hudson and their town residence on Fifth Avenue. Mr. Scrivner often dines with them. He says Mike Foggarty will in time be an ornament to the bar. Mat Sharpley, the detective, de clares that he will not retire from business so long as there is a single rascal in New York; from which it is safe to infer that he will remain in. harness until the termination of his earthy career. 