WHAT A MILLIONAIRE COULD DO. (By ARNOLD WHITE.) Notwithstanding all the wise couusel that sages, from Solomon to Mr. Chauncey Depew, have given to the public, most people who ride second-class and go to Ramsgate for a fortnight in the year, persist in regarding vast riches and great happiness as convertible terms. Probably there i6 no more gloomy and dissatisfied set of creatures in existence than Kings and tynperors. Nevertheless, " Happy as a Ving " continues a6 a favourite proverb. It is the title of a ^veil-known picture, and is too firmly established in popular regard to be easily dislodged. Iving6 are not ^iiicelr to proclaim their dejection, or to publicly bewail ^e'eiivironiiient that converts royal state into a closelywatched slavery. Moreover, public interest in the kingly caste, always excepting our own dear Sovereign Lady, is scarcely equal to their concern for another sort of potentate. The class of financial emperors—that, is men owning more than a million sterling—numbers about three thousand souls. They arc more numerous in the States than in England, but the species, though rare, exists throughout Europe, Asia and the Colonies. They arc a queer crew, these millionaires. Cut off from friendship by the weakness and pride ofhuman nature— for they usually penetrate the interested motives of mere parasites, while the men whose friendship is worth having are careless of their smiles—they are compelled by circumstances to think so much of their money and what it will do, that they rarely have leisure, energy, or imagination enough to employ it in such a way aE not to do more harm than good, unless they spend the w hole of it in personal indulgence. Orthodox political economists tell us that such expenditure is wasteful; but, after all, the majority of incomes are spent in personal indulgence with tolerably good results to the world at large. Millionaires may be defined as folk who succeed in persuading other people to give them everything they want in the world except happiness, obscurity, culture, and peace of mind. With the moral ond intellectual side of great riches, for the moment, 1 am not concerned. It uiay, however, be amusing and perhaps instructive to consider what a greedy millionaire, who wants to be happy, but who has no intention of benefiting mankind, can do with his money, if he spends as much of it upon himself and his pleasures as he can manage without injuring himself in Bocicty. In the first place, a millionaire generally succeeds ill getting more than 2? per ccut. for his money. lie is not restricted to investments prescribed by a sapient Legislature as those in which alone trustees may place their trust funds. A6 a rule, the money of the selfmade millionaire brings in an average of five per cent. Fifty-thousand a year, therefore, is the sum for which we have to prepare a budget. Our friend Dives, having generally risen from the ranks, is not often oppressed with the burdens of jointures to elderly female relations, pensions to old retainers, or, what is still more expensive, the maintenance of a big historic place with 300 rooms and a ghost. Poor relations he will probably possess in plenty, but £500 per annum or 1 per cent, of his income will go a long way infilling hungry mouths, and keeping at bay the importunities of kith and kin. That sum, therefore, wc will set aside as the first item of expenditure in our budget, as the scandal of starvation among the members of Dives' family must be avoided, if not at all costs, at all events by the sacrifice of 1 per cent, of income. Next come the family claims. With two sons and two daughters, Dives will do well if he OEcapc with a toll of less than 10 per cent, or £5,000 a year. That is £500 a year to each daughter, £3,000 to the eldest 6on and £1,000 to the other. Next to thiB comes the iteui of rent. The wise millionaire does not build. lie may buy, repair or tinker at other men's houses while his wealth is new, but be cannot wait to build. Life is uncertain, and good living not conducive to longevity. So he decides to lease houses both in town and country, adding Turkish baths in each case. He does not ride either bicycle or hack ; never learned to shoot (though since he was forty-six he has begun to take lessons), hates walking, abhors golf, and beyond driving " made " horses, abstains from exercise. Hence the Hainmam and massage room. The long lease of a good house in Piccadilly or Berkeley Square will cost him anything from £40,000 to £70,000, while decorations, lighting, repairs, and the Turkish bath will cost him £S,000—say £60,000 for his town house, and £20,000 for furniture will cost him, at 4 per cent., £3,200 per annum. Hi6 country house will probably be less expensive, say £2,000 a year, but the up-keep of gardens, glass-houses and stables will amount to another £12,000 if it be well done. No fancy deer, antelope, and other "Zoo" animals, which. are now so much sought after by hosts who cater for Saturday to Monday fashionable guests, can be kept for this sum, but it may include an aviary of strange bright birds, and a few ornamental ducks. The up-keep of the London house will include a dinner of fourteen to twenty persons five nights a week for four months in the year at a cost of £1,400 exclusive of wine. Add to this the up-keep of the house, breakfasts, luncheons, and miscellaneous repaBts, and the cost of sixteen in-door servants at 3s, per dayeach for board, together with caretaker and staff in the off season, with oocasional sojourns in town, and the necessary repairs to structure and furniture, rates, electric light generally, and a further sum of £3,500 may be safely Bet down on the debit side of the account. Stable expenses may run to any figure that imagination may suggest for the purchase of borseB. Fifteen hundred guineas is not an unusual figure for a pair of -well-matched sixteen-hand carriage horses. Nine carriage horseB and five hacks, suitable for the family of a millionaire of the grand monde, may cost anything from £3,000 to £10,000, and the cost of their keep will be £120 per horse per annum. Allowing for casualties, the stable expenses in town will be £2,000 ayear, to which may be added the cost of hunters for the two sons in the shires, and the extra cost of wheels and hack work to station in the country. If Dives succeeds in bringing his annual stable bill below £3,000 a year, he will manage extremely well. Some millionaires find it a good plan to obtain the services of an ex- cavalry officer as master of the horse, and to delegate to this functionary, rather than to, a mere stud groom, the direct financial and managerial responsibility of this important department. The best ivinee, like the best liorecs, will always command the best prices. Human nature is sufficiently developed in millionaires to prevent them from squandering the finest vintages upon tbe palates of guests wlio can scarce tell the difference between a sixpenny glass of champagne at a railway bar and Terrier Jouet of 1874. Jt is true that people do not drink half or a quarter as much as was customary in the early Victorian era. Still, good wine must be provided, and will be drunk by a majority of the hundred guests a week that Dives will entertain in London, and the twenty guests who will form the average house parly in tbe country. To stock his cellars in town and country with fine brands o{ wines and really good spirits, liqueurs,ale and table waters willcost him £4,200, which will include several bins of fancy vintages for use on great occasions. Tbe annual consumption out of stock which must be replaced by new purchases will amount to £800 for ordinary consumption and £600 for balls, parties, and fetes, and exceptional entertainments. For three months in the year Dives will travel or Tisit. At Hoinburg, Carlsbad, or Marienbad lie will endeavour to throw off the gouty accumulations that arise from too little exercise and too many nutrient stimulantB. While he will not save much on his home expenditure during hie absence, his renown will be too widely spread to enable him to make comfortable arrongemeuts with the hotel- keepers at the particular Sad he may patronise, which at the same time shall be economical. The cost of lodging a millionaire in good style, at one of the fashionable spas on the Continent, is not a penny under £100 a week, and the expense of amusement, even if he do not gamble, and the cost of the table will not come to less than the same amoant. A cool thousand a month for board, lodging and amusements is by no meanB au excessive estimate for the cost of the holiday. If Dives possesses a steam yacht, he will require to draw cheques to the amount of £1,500 a mouth, while the vessel is in commission. A paltry £150 per month during the rest of the year will keep the vessel iu good order. As a general rule, self-made men, whose solvency is their most characteristic feature, dress badly. Instances to the contrary undoubtedly occur, but there is no valid reason why a millionaire should spend more upon his clothes than a gentleman of uiodest fortune. The day has come when the too open display of fine clothes retards a man's career after be has made his million. The note of tbe end of the century in regard to man's attire is extreme ne&tnesB;, and the rigorous avoidance of anything like gaudy pins, chains or ties. For £100 per annum, therefore, Dives will be able to ruflle it with the bravest of his companions, especially if he is not above availing himself of the nettoyage i sec or other cleaning process for his small slothes and other cloth garments. Probably be will not despise the hint, as the passion of the very rich for small economies is that of the autumnal swallow for the sunny south. It is instinct. Tobacco will cost Dives not less than £'600 a year. A cabinet of fine Havana cigars can no longer be bought for that sum; and with cigars at fancy prices for his own smoking and that of his favoured guests, £600 is none too much for providing the choicest Villas or Murins all the year round for as many guests as Dives ie likely to receive. Philanthropy is now obligatory upon the rich, not merely because it is the cheapest form of advertisement, but because a non-Bubscribing millionaire would soon find tbe great ladies of his acquaintance looking at him coldly. At the very least £2,000 a year, or 4 per cent, of the income, must be put aside to meet tbe claims of what ie conventionally termed " charity." We have now disposed of £42,150 out of the annual income of £50,000 with which we have credited our noueeau riche. For the collection of books, coinB or engravings, or the creation of an art gallery the remaining £7,850 does not seem very much. Pocket money, politics, and insurances mutt all be provided for from %he pittance left over from the list of expenditure already detailed, and unless rigorous economy and effective control is sustained in each department, it will be as easy (if not easier) for tbe millionaire to outrun the constable as for a man with £5001 year. On the whole, the millionaires are not an enviable set of men, as a rule; and one drawback to their position is that they are generally in want of ready money. 