RECENT PUBLICATIONS. ? « ? jj—^^ -^ HE Life of Sir Henry . q ^5toWsjj/i ,Parkes, G.C.M.G., Austra /\ fi lian Statesman,' by Charles ^?ffi'N * 5 J ' % E' L3me (with illustrations): ^iliWydfrirloTl George Robertson and Com AiffialdfaSlilSw'Jlffl- Pany, Sydney, Melbourne, /j^MffiUyi' etc.; 1896.-The devotion of iSSSsssSB^ISisSB I' 1 biographers has often been likened to that of lovers for the objects of their affection. Mr. Lyne seems to have his own share of that quality. Accordingly he has drawn what, in some- respects, ?many will be apt to consider as rather an ideal picture of Sir Henry Parkes than that of the man as he actually -was. No aoubt Mr. Lyne may have meant to be impartial in his estimate of the remarkable person whose career he has narrated, but certainly there is little evidence of any such intent. When discussing events concerning which there have always been the gravest doubts as to whether- they redounded at all to the credit of Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. Lyne appears to have little or no hesitation in arriving at a definite conclusion. And it is invariably one altogether favorable to his hero. This is to be regretted, for there was so much that was really deserving of admiration in Sir Henry Parkes, when regarded as a public man, that he could -well have stood having his faults admitted with a good deal more of candor than has been displayed in this instance. The bias alluded to is especially re cognisable in the account given of the proceedings which followed O'Parrell's at tempted assassination of the Duke of Edin burgh, and in that of the circumstances attending the resignation of the Attorney-General of the first Parkes Ministry, the late Mr. Edward Butler. The O'Farrell episode is associated with so 'much of racial and religious bitterness that it is a singu larly unpleasant one to revive. But where there is an absolute necessity for doing so, as must be admitted to be the case when it is a question of dealing with the public actions of Sir Henry Parkes, then undoubtedly there should be a rigid adherence to facts. Mere impressions or conjec tures should never be made to do duty instead. Yet something very like this is done by Mr. Lyne in his narrative of the attempt on the Duke of Edinburgh and the incidents which followed. He denies that O'Farrell was insane, and represents him to have been one of a. gang of conspirators in Australia, who had been delegated to murder the English Prince. The motive for it is assumed to have been retaliation for the hanging of the Fe nians, or at least active Fenian sympathisers, known as the Manchester Martyrs. This, in other words, is precisely the theory promulgated at the time by the then Mr. Parkes, which found -such wide acceptance in New South Wales, but which subsequent investigations rendered so exceedingly doubtful, at any rate, to m6st people of impartial minds. Even then those who knew most about the would-be assassin had no hesitation in saying that he was decidedly mad. Testimony of that sort was by no means confined to his fellow coun trymen or co-religionists. It was furnished by persons who could not be suspected for a moment of any desire to gloss over such an act as O'Far rell had committed, and who certainly had no na tional sympathy with him. Apparently with no other object than that of proclaiming the exact truth, many such person^ averred, from their positive knowledge of the Tn^n, that his mind was unhinged. Long after O'Farrell's execution the assertion that he came of a family in which there was an insane taint received strange confirmation when a brother of his tried to take the life of the late Archbishop Gould, of Melbourne. In keeping with Mr. Lyne's version of the O'Far rell business is his account of the 'Kiama Ghost.' That apparition, it will be remembered, was associated with a story of a most sensational kind told by Mr. Parkes to his constituents. He said that he had certain information of the exist ence of a secret organisation in the colony, one of whose objects was to kill the Duke of Edinburgh, and that a member of it whose fidelity was sus pected had been murdered by his colleagues. We all know that a select committee of the Legislative Assembly, on inquiring into the truth of these statements, declared them to be absolutely without any foundation. It is also known that when the report came before the Assembly, Mr. Parkes man aged to secure its rejection, and have it expunged from the records. Mr. Lyne is of opinion -that wisdom and penetration were in this case on the side of the Assembly, and party rancor on that of the select committee. . That order will be very apt .to be completely reversed by the majority who, at this distance from the period at which those events occurred, consider them calmly. In assuming that there was gross exaggeration in the statements advanced by Mr. Parkes with refer ence to the O'Farrell incident, it is not by any means necessary to believe with his enemies that he was consciously uttering what was false. There is nothing extravagant in the supposition that, in the ' first instance, he may have honestly imposed on himself, or at least that the report about a secret society having selected O'Farrell as its spe cial agent, may have reached him from sources which he deemed authentic. At. any rate, it is charitable to think so now. To revert to the Butler affair. . . . , With respect .to the causes which led to the with drawal of Mr. Butler from the first Parkes Minis try, Mr. Lyne seems to have satisfied himself that Parkes was in the right and Butler in the wrong. There had, as he, contends, been no actual promise of the vacant Chief Justiceship to Mr. Butler, and that in. finally bestowing Jt on Sir James Martin the* Premier was solely influenced by public motives. The choice, so far as Sir James Martin was con cerned, left no reason, to be sure for regret, but the belief that it was as easily defensible on other grounds is undoubtedly not a general one. Sir Henry enthusiastic biographer is probably among the very few, excepting Sir Heary himself, who have seriously held it. . . The opening part of Mr. Lyne's book is, parhaps, ths most brightly written. He gives a very good sketch of what' Sydney waa like in the days when Henry Parkes first set foot in it, and he describes the future Australian statesman as he was at that early stage in a very vivid way. As the book goes on, it, however, becomes more like an abstract of the political affaire of the colony for a number of years, than a biography in the genuine sense. Of course, it may be said that the life of Sir Henry Parkes is bo closely linked with the history of poli tical events that the two things are inseparable. That may be true enough, but it is still to be complained that Mr. Lyne has told us too much about the poli tician and too little aboutnhe man. - There were, SnfifM*^ ceiTtain events of a'-politic&l; kind which lit was desirable to have placed in the strongest light if the book .was to convey an. adequate notion of the mental . grasp and oratorical ? power of Sir Henry Parkes. That Mr. Lyne should have' dwelt at some length on these was only natural; but it is a pity that others of less moment were not treated with greater brevity. Amrmg Qw episodes recalled by Mr. Lyae, in caunectiofl with which the .image of Sir 'jlemy Parkas ^-resei]ibs*' itself in frHo' Tn/vaf' etiil^iig way, pjBmmenoe'muet be assigned to that of the Irectr&de; action, to which he gave such an impetus when Jie took -onlce as Premier for the fourth time. X series of more effective speeches than ths veteran delivered in VBrious parts of tha country in the cause of freatrade has never been heard in New South ;_ Wales. His oratoriqal progresses on thai occasion Mr. Lyne compares with tiiose of Mr. Glad stone. All that need be remarked on tihat point is that it is possible to have a very high opinion of the oratorical faculty and the general ability of Sir .Henry Parkes, and yet to consider* It slightly ridiculous to measure Kim with Gladstone. It is gratifying to remember that some of the most un deniable claims to statesmanship which Sir Heary Parkes established were identified with, the closing years of his long life. His advocacy of federation showed genuine insight in that direction. And in the patriotic vision of Australia's future destiny which it disclosed practical aims were never lost sight of. Mr. Lyne, as has already been hinted, has produced a book which is by no itiwtis an ideal one of its kind, but he deserves every credit for his industry. He has gathered together a lot cf material which, though it may occasionally need a good deal of sifting, must prove very valuable hereafter. The work is very handsomely got up, printed in clear bold type, and contains' several illustrations. The 'Australian Photographic Journal' for Jan uary has several papers which should prove inter* esting to people to whom the development of the art ,is a matter of any concern; Not the least valuable of the contents of the number are the 'practical hints for beginners,' which, as is in timated, are henceforth to constitute one of its regular features. _ Mr. Fisher Unwin will publish in January Mr. A. P. Harper's 'work on the Alps of New Zealand. It is a record of seven consecutive years of pio neering undertaken at first from motives of pri vate enterprise and pleasure, and 'subsequently carried on on behalf of the Government of the colony. Mr. Harper has shared in the first ex plGration of nearly every glacier in the central position of these mountains. His book is divid ed into nineteen chapters and seven appendices. It is exact and scientific in point of detail, but the narrative form, has precluded any negligence of the picturesque. Numerous plates accompany the work. A special edition has been prepared for the colonies. ? _^___ 