THE NOVELIST. " LOCHINTAB." * By S. K. CROCKETT, Author oi "The Raiders," "The Lilac Sun bonnet," "Tho Men of the Moss Hags," " The Grey Man," kc. CHAPTER XVI. JACK SCABLKrr'S SECOND DESERTION. Wat and his companion passed along the deserted streets of Amersfort, keeping care fully to those which were darkest and least frequented. For a space neitherspoke. But as they were crossing a wide, deserted square, the little Marie broke the silence with a startling speech. " I think by thiB time be is dead!" she said, simply as though she had said that it rained. "Think who is dfa<iT' queried Wat, stop ping instantly and facing h^r, " Why, your enemy !" replied the little Marie, calmly ; " let us go on lest the watch should come and stop as.' " My enemy !" exclaimed Wat, putting bis hand to his brow like one bewildered. "Aye,1''said Marie, the man yon showed me ami said was your enemy-the dark rnan called Barra, the Provost-Marshal. I struct him in the side with a knife as he was mount ing his horse to ride away-methinks I know where. At any rate, it was an evil qnest. Did 1 not tell you that he was my enemy before he was yours?" "Struck my Lord Barra-with a knife, Marie?" stammered Wat. Die had not thought of such fewift vengeance. "Aye," eaid the girl calmly. "Did I not right? He was mine en^roy, true. He it was who brought me higher, left me friend less in this city of Satan, made me that which men think me. Bur had that been all his fault he might have lived. After all, that Bin was mine as well as his. I struck him becaure he was your enemy, and because you hated him. Did 1 not well ?" " Mane," Baid Wai, very soberly, " you and I are as jiood as dead for '.his. Did any Bee yoaV " Aye,"8he replied, carelessly, " but I was well wrapped about in a red cloak and wore the cap and ear-plaies of a peasant woman of Frisia. There were several that stood curiously about as I went near to hand him my petition. But what with the ni*:ht, the reeling of the torches, and the instant con fusion, none put ona hand to stay me as I went away. And I think he will be dead by thiB I" She epoke the words dispassionately, as one who has done an unplensing duty and has no further care nor stake in the matter. Instinctively their feet turned into the Street of Zaandpoort. Wat's heart suddenly leaped within him. He had come to see the house where he had been happy for a few boors. He would look upon the window whence his love had often looked, and at that othrr, within which her dear head would even now be lying, shedding soft curie over the pillow-ah J The heart-sickness that never should he see it thus, never now lay his own beside it, as in Wild vision of the night he had often dreamed of doing. But there shone a light from the living room of Will Gordon's lodging. Shadows moved restlessly across the blind. The house in Zaandpoort-street was still awake and stirring. Wat took a sudden resolution. He would risk all, and for the last time look upon the woman he adored, even though she loved him not. " Hide here a moment, Marie,'' Wat said to bis companion ; " ihere in the dark of the archway. This is the house of my cousin, a soldier from my own oountiy of Sootland, I would bid him farewell before I go." The girl looked wistfully at him and laid her hand on her heart. " Ah, it iB the house of your love-I know it," she eaid, sadly and reproachiully ; "and you said eo often that none loved you-that none cared for you." Wat smiled the pale ghost of a smile, un seen in the darkneBS of the night. " It ia true that once I loved one dwell ing in this house. But she loved not me " " It is impossible," moaned Marie; " I know that she must have loved you " " No, she loved me not," answered Wat, "batas I think the man whom you " Wat Etepped back into shadow, and Marie clutched his cloak with a nervous hand. It was Will Gordon who came down the stairs. Haggard, unshaven, looking straight before him with set eyes, he was not the same man who bad come so cosily back with his wife from the guard-room of the palace the night before. Wat advanced a pace oat of the dark of the arch, fie held out his haod. "Will," he said, "with <ou I quarrelled not.: And I think that if your wife, who used to be my friend, knew my h'oken heart, she too. wonld forgive my hasty words, under stand evil appearances that were no more than appearances." Bat Will Gordon did not take the ont stretched hand, whio < Wat held a moment in the air and then dropped sadly to his side. "Tell ine first," he said, "where yon have biddea onr Kate, and what you have to do with the killing of my Lord of Barra? After that I will either take your hand or set my .word in your heart." " Will Gordon," cried Wat, " was it for this that we two k-pt Well wood's men at bay ander the arch at Holyrond ? For this that . Copyright, 1807, by 8, H. Crockett, In the DniteaState) of America. The ri*iit of publishing tibia work baa been purchased by the proprietor! of " Ibe Australasian." we lay shoulder to shoulder on the chill moors, that in these latter days you should charge me with crimes of which I know nothing? Hidden Kate? Why, is not K.ite here, within the glass of that window? Does she not sfeep soundly, recking nothing of evil or the sorrow of others, upon her bed ? Is not her maiden heart as ever free and care less " " Wat, I believe you, lad," said Will; " it was a hasty and ill-conceived thought of mine. I know you l>ve as all overmuch to bring harm to our lassie. But certainly Kate is lost-has been carried off-and now they are seeking her everywhere, charging her forsooth, with the slaying cf my Lord Barra." At the last words Wat laughed a little scornful laugh. lie had not taken in the terrible import of the news of the loss ot Kate. But it seemed a foolishly monstrous thing that she shou'd be charged with the death of Barra, while scarce ten yards behind him, in the daTk of the arched doorway, Btood the little Marie, with her dagger in her garter. After a moment Will's first words suddenly came back to him, as if they bad been echoed PICTURE PHOTOGRAPH BY TALMA AND 00., 119 SWANSTON-STREET, MELBOURNE. from the tall buildings which stood about them. " You do not mean it-K&te; gone," he eaid, dully and without comprehension; " it ia im possible. Who so wicked in all this land as to have done the thing ?" Then Will told him all the tale of the false message and of their home-coming. " It is Barra's trick," Wat eaid, at once; " 1 saw that he loved her-if such a poisonous reptile can love. Bat I thought not that even he could devise her wrong, elBe had I alain him on the spot." Wat meditated a little while in silence. " Did Maiaie tell you if he had spoken aught to her of love T' he said at last. " He offered her the most honourable mar riage, and yet greater things when the Prince shall come to his own. But Bhe would have none of him," replied Will Gordon. " It is enough," cried Wat. "Certainly this is a matter of my lord's. Dead or alive iBhall trace hiB plots til) [ find his trail. It may be, after all, bnt a matter of Haxo the Bull, his Calf, and his Killer. Give me no more than « eword and pistols, and my belt with the gold that is in your strong box." " Will you not come up. Wat ?" said Will Gordon. Come, cousin!" " Nay," said Wat, " there is not time. Bnt" now 1 have escaped from their prison. In an hour ther* will he the hue an<i cry, and they will sur ly search yonr hooee. I must be on the trail by daybreak Only famish me with necessities, couBin mine, and let me go. My humldeat service to yoar wife-bat after I am gon*!" Will Gordon went back np the stain.. Pre sently he was down again with the weapons, with enoogh to spare of ammunition, with wheaten bread, a flask of wine, and the broad leathern belt with the gold pieces, which slipped down like a weighty serpent as he laid it in Wit's hands. The money had bren kept sacred for just such an emergeney. The cousins bade one another a kiii'lty adieu in the fashion of other Pines, ami \\\ 111 Gordon returned sadly to his wit'e. Wat stepped bark 10 the shelter where he had left Marie, but she was not 10 lie seen. He looked every way and oa!fe<l gutily. but the girl had vanished. "It was perhaps as well !" he e:ti'l, the Scots prudence within him warri'n with lr.s gratitude to the girl who had twice risked her life for him without tln u-ihi oi re ward. Hetookhis way across (he 'wos.l squares and over the canals to Jack S-ailett's lodg ings. There was a light in :!u- window us he approached. He knocfee. i.entiy, an I a gruff voice ordered him to . Mm' in. or else (as an alternative) to proeet : incontinent to quite other regions. Wat entered, and there, k ie i upon (he side of his bed, he found Scarlett, with one boot off and the other still n|> "i his toot ; his eyes were set in his lie;< and a kindly idiotic smile was frozen on li. - l;«:e. At the sight of Wat, pale :in death, with his clothes frayed and disarrnri.vd with hit? long sojourn in prison, Sea He.'t st arted up. With a wave of his hand '.e motioned his visitor away. I'A vaunt, as (he clerks r-:ty. Get away briskly or I will Bay the Lord's prayei glut's if I can remember it). Come not near a living man. Wat Gordon in the flesh with a long sword was bad enough : bat Wat Gordon with an unshaven chin and clothed out of a rap-shop is a thousand times worse. Alas, that it should come BO soon to this! 1 am shamed to be such a shaveling in my cups! Yet of a truth 1 ilrank only seven bottles and a part of an eighth. This cornea of drinkina the most evil liquor oi this un friendly country!" "Scailett," said Wat, s-riously, " listen to me. I am going on a long quest. Will you come with me? I need a companion. Mine enemy has Btolen my love and ] go to lind her!" " Away-get away," cried Scarlett. " I want not to die yet awhile. ] want time to repent -that is, when I grow old enough to repent, There ia llilliard over there at the end r>f ti passage," he went on eagerly, as if a famous idea had strouk him : " his hair is gr<-y if you like, and he has a most conioundfd gout, lie will gladly accompany you. 15- advised, kin<l ghost. Hare the goodness to crose the Btair way to Hilliard. Remember I was ever thy friend in life, Wat Gordon !" " Beshrew your tioay, idiot soul!' cried Wat, rising in a towering passion, " have yon drunk so much that you know not a living man from one dead and damned ? I will teach thee the diflerenee and that sharply." And with that he went over to the bedside, and banged Scarlett's head soundly against the rafter - f the garret, exclaiming at every thump and crash, " I pray yon, Jack Scarlett, say when yon are convinced that Wat Gordon is flesh and blood and not an airy ghost" It Hid not take much of this most potent logic to persuade «he ghost-s^er that hp had to do with Wat Gordon in his own proper and extremely able-bodied person. " Enough!" he cried, " hold your hands, W&t; Could you not have done as much at first and not stood gaping there like s weeir old corpse in a winding-slim V " Thou donnert itss," cried W.-it, " will you come with coo on my quest or will you bide herein Atnerslort iiiiwiil' piitty-souled huck sters, ten ehing shambling recruits to stand on tbi'ir legs ?" "Of a truth, Jiuchan's knaves are moat hopeless. Yet whither can i go? I know not <>; ,i belter service," siid Scarlett, shaking bis head doubtfully. " Hut the adventure, man." cried Wat, " think of" the adventure over awa, through continents, upon far islands, all in quest of a tru.' lass that hath been trapped by devils, and may be treated uncivilly.'' "All these are roost extremely well for you, Wat Gordon of Lochttivar. You are a younger man, and my bones like well to lie on a soft bfd at my age. Also and chiefly the lass is your lass,and noituine. Were you to find her to-morrow w^at should I get out of all the errant jackasspry in the world?" ".lohn Scarlett," quoth Wat solemnly, "thy heart ie grown but a chunk of fat lard. There is no spirit in thee nn.v more. Go, turn over on thy side and snore, till it ia time to go forth once more to thy sheep's regiment. God kens, 'tis all you are good for any more, to be bell-wether to Bucb a shuffling, clodhopping crew. 'Keep yoor head up! Don't tail over your musket! Prop up that man in the rear! 1 pray you do not hold your gun as if it were a baby ! March !' Pshaw ! John Scarlett, is that the life for a m«m or for a puddle-rolling pig of the sty ?'* Scarlett appeared to consider. He looked at the nails in the boIp of hi# l>ooi with an air of gr*ve dplil>eration an if they coald help him <o i dectsion. "Tistrue, in truth most true," he said ; " it is a dog's life. Hat, alter all, there is ever the chance of war." War?'qoofh he, and will not I Rive thee wars to fill thy belly and leave some thing over for staffiing to thy calves J" cried Wat, " Why, man, thy sword will never be in its sheath-hiding, seeking, spying, we will overpass land and sea, hiding by heather and hill, creeping down by the bonny bom aide " "Tosh, man,"answered Scarlett,pettishly, "for all y>u know yonr Kate may be shut up in the next strwt. And besides, as 1 said, she is your l#s», not mine." Wat steppe back with a fine gesture of renunciation. "Well," he said, "it ha* come to this! Never did I think to see the day when Jack Scarlett, old Jack Scarlett ol the wriat-of steel, would turn sh<*ep and be a'nud to set his shoulder to Wat Gordon's or even to cross his blade with his. as he did the other night in the Inn of Brederode. But old Jack has lieeome but a grosB. rotten, gmw lined crock, and-Lord, Lord, auch a flock as he leads on parade after him!" " S'blooi! 1 will e'en break thy head, Wat, an you cease not thy cackle. Now, I will come with thee just to prove 1 am no sheep. No, nor craven either. But only the greatest and compteiest old fool that ever held a comtnisaion from a brave Prince and one of the few good paymasters in Europe." With this Jack Scarlett rose, and did upon him his cloak and all his fighting gear with an air crave and sullen as though he went to his own beheading. Then he searched all his drawers and pocketTTor monpT^^ in spite of the vaunted excetwot'.u®^ master's department, appeared to vl what scarce with the maatpr-aUrr 80®t sently he annoonced himself as teafo ^ Ilia decision took this shape. " It ia the exoeJIentest tool's Pff. the world, and I the greater foot -itl another fool upon it. Lead on. £ *A don." 6l» So, grumbling and muttering, he foil*., Wat down the stain. °"°*«4 " And now," eaid Scarlet, "pm, j,,tt eo maoh as thought upon the wi7**. horgfaT" w " Nay." aaid Wat, " I have thonou ^ naught but Retting out of prison, faff/ friend, and winning back my lagg." Hg "Aye, marry."granted sprint,"thsiBa, Mickle hast thoi thought <.f t&kinRthVl;^ comrade away from the b^at pay-roll.;?] the most complaiaant Ian J lady hehaaCS for thirty years/' flD1 