Sporting notes anil lint BY NUNQUAM DOKMIO. Good goods are at times wrapped in amon Tkus Key only stands 14 hands p Water Color is but galloway height-15 hand Training track work, alongside a c,fnv>i" is.oft-times very deceiving. Carbinn, toTviflfe never take a stable pal down in a training track, though they all had to fill he was playing for keeps on the course prop.,J J Douro's form during the week at Fleming jfel not warrant his trainer, Harry Harrison (one Ml worthiest of the worthy !) in fancying his chinftfa the Rockbank Open Hurdle Race, of two milll' 5 Batanzos appeared to hold him very chenn inWfi gallops together. And yet the son of Welh$$r (out of a Snoozer mare) came lilre a holt froffillf' blue in the last furlong, and fairly Pmothornrl fill Gay Lad and Nora ,Creina, the time baingF® fair-3 rain. 58} sec. Alf. Williams rode a vigorous race on the winner. With Douro 10-2 out of the event, there bave been a tremendous finish between Nora 12-7, Ouyen 10-0, and Gay Lad 9-4; Nora displaying an extremely bold front over half, from home, and struggling on like a thorough W till Douro put in an undeniable claim. Pi, had a bad time over Ouyen, as Mr. Septimus Mi mare went out a tremendously hot pot at Douro started at 7 to 1. His sojourn over in West Australia has evifl agreed with Martin Payten (brother to the p| Tom of that ilk), as he looks as big as bull bf the saying goes). He hasn't much of a strif far as numbers go- of racehorses; hut still managed to secure nearly all the good things| winning in the land of the West with the LnaJitols Busybody celebrity, yclept Paul Pry. fe® fift The " I-hope-I-don't-intrude" covey struck |,bm though on Saturday in the Melton HandiragJlj Rnce, of a mile, for which his party banke|"° right spiritedly. He had 8-5 up, and insig distance appeared to have everything deadi until a little four-year old mare named I Color, 6-12. appeared on the scene, a shortT (but very decisive) contest betwixt the twain] ing in Paul Pry being defeated by and a half, with Bundoolc 7-5 only half a away third, followed in order by Moonlyol Burrabari 8-4 and Devoted 7-9, the time] really excellent-1 min. 43i sec. Water Color started at the highly remting price of 3 5 to 1, albeit she was well supporj those "jn the know"-amongst whom was 1 known dapper little handioapper and aoknov expert hailiner from Caulfleld way. full sister to Laura and Waterfall (by Ni| Cerise and Blue), and was bred by Mr. Hub Oxenham. She is engaged in the Oaulneld | 7-0. Malto 7-0 and Zeno 7-7 were the most fad the event under notice, and they dlvl|I0| favoritesbip at 4 to 1 ; Paul Pry being nt r Moonlyong at 7's. Malto out a most ins figure towards the finish, after flattering J porters by being one of the first into tiio 3 Tt is Baid that the Malua-Lady Vengennoo addicted to a pernicious and enervating he certainly '. faded away" during the furlongs in a manner which augurec prospect of lasting out the mile and fi 1 Cavil field Cup even with fill), off In- j looked well enough to the eye.; but if < 1 true form then the sooner he is inacjf\p to the lions in the Royal Parle /oo on the better it will be for the noble army or in general and his thick-and-thm supi , ticular. Cohort is another of the d^aiopointinont1 though on his breeding- by^Carbin -he should be as consistent as tho su . his trainer deemed it adv.sa lo to up with a fluid which had an » monly like that of thus start, and tho Dutoh ^opuJL.riv six i enabled him to "pull foot . 0M,or of when ho, too, hung out «nbsi heartodnoHs or diHtross and . . 0f gon In the poom anont tho^Doptruot.on or^ ^ we aro informedI that " theii^9c^1)0rtB worn.fl a wolf on tho told, and his nul, in purplo and gold; but ,'njn tho p"rP: Cohort waa undoubtedly ' ,l>oon Q the present whatever goldho hi (;|l0 with baa quiolcly boon "Kloftininf, of the bookittalcors. ~~CfId in the Hunt Club Cup. and as l,)tor "toiehts of the pigskin" (strictly l»siiu«lfl , n "nr6 up, the fencing was a treat Mr. G Eu,sell's grey i in.n i,ad the misfortune to turn tte'race, but although Mr. A. J. the ancient grey, and, in the I' foible manner, negotiated the obstacles fllfi 'c fL stand, pursuit was so thoroughly KM hadtobe abandoned. Old Judge ^ L favourite at 5 to 2, but Queen B. 31-7 'f in cmtierb condition, and being handled r MprIIy bv Mr. T. S. Dean, Dr. P. ,T. Plana an extremely popular victory, Old Id ling second and Dolphin 12-0 third, the fie three miles being 7min. 2-Jsec. . like buying money to take 5 to ffr,mtrifld two-year-old as against a score of Syet that was what the followers of pfielder's stable did in connection with Vigor Itie First Sapling Stakes, of four furlongs and , Qgjtes the sapling had aristocratic and itamnningblood to recommend him, he being toiler to the flying Vivian (by Abercorn i Vivian). A fin0 up-standing- though some !«peacocky" colt he looked too, hardly filling mso pleasingly as another . Abercorn (from i)-the 1150 guinea colt. Cooos, who finished up 'ins pnod ft favourite as Vigorous. The Adelaide pHainault (why will they persist in spell Sjjoame Hainhault ?) had plenty of admirers Jail's Mlb. penalty, but there appeared to be i to his ability to concede that weight eolts, the consequence being that the iPilerim's Proeress and Kate Dalrymple had i "haulfc " (so far as the betting market id) just prior to the start. He was first amrk though, followed by Vigorous, whilst lost two or three lengths at the outset, ali mainfainerl his advantage till below the when Vigorous shot to the front and ran swveasy winner by two lengths from Cooos, Haiimult waw half-a-dozen lengths astern of y's colt, then following Eortree, Drama, Wow, Norrts and Safety, with Sweet Alice There was a strong head wind against the 'm coming up the straight, but still the sjiec.-was but. mediocre. Last, year Good in lire Epping Two-Year-Old Handicap, with i seconds faster time.' and Hainault are all in the (... of half a mile, at Caul field on Hainanlt will have to carry 8-10 (10lb. ' Vigorous 8-7 (7lb; penalty). Which 1' gay and festive. Cocos a rare' show historic coat of many colors wouldn't mi oven as a ciroumstance against the of the "gets-up" in the Huntnrs' at hi. . 0 m^es and a half) for which V "te six-and-twenty colored on the card ,i i?,r?na' *^'1R jackets were veritable a. .' J111'1 the " kickseys"--oh, the " kick B[y heorgnred description. Jubilee m t n9 "pillow-cases" oame upon ns as »ot a Revelation, whilst ; over in West*, (nt u Satgo caused much sensation ' "e appeared in his n.aia«t ! lie could j."" '"hi'oim'ou in iiis English bags." ?ftol ij . ^aPt;ain proved to demonstra leflni !!. K'Ve opponents 'points when fl»SraK tho«erh, the style in which he ?m n ',oine-albeit somewhat after the Milf/1''0113 ^ftn Brazil-being a treat to from JForc 8yTraetry of cut which would '<iaoinn J m' ?11? Play I doubt if the onV" i nding breeches which were .C?m««yJBrB ever bliilt before. But, *'in whatever °f th®.W6ar6ra waa in tho nfni,, MC!.l'anGQ ^boir mounts possessed nullified through their lack of ato( ohnn°n^ ?nG who appeared to have ft® al°ngside Mrs. J. Russell's 19J^y marrfn -"1,0 ^M-r< ,T- Dolatl) was NtS^°n^lena 12'7 (Mr.Bagenal), 7 t-n on tho flat even that < to/.ero. Mrs. C. Willan's Maori "?Q.Hom o . , Mra- Willan's Maori ,'? 7to2"i wL . 8\10f! third, Domino (who eiRbt lengths " " "'"."timohnin ionpy lengths in t no Doing omin. 4«seo. whilst advance .J1-, xYer;ib?° "0pen Steeplechase (two miles) proved the be&t; of good things for Eumeralla 10-9 pilot) "Mr6 T Tan A,rCOtlP.6d biB owner <and pilot) Mr. J. J, Allan his purchase-monev the first time of asking. Eumeralla started at 7 to 4 against eight others, and at the finish won in a canter by twelve lengths from Songster 10-5, with Votary 9-13 six lengths away third ; time, 4min. zisec, Though it was only a 60 sov. prize (five of which went to the second) there were eight " tip toppers " deployed into the arena for the Narre Warren Stakes or a mile and a quarter. This was a weigh t-for-age event with the proviso in the conditions that any horse which had not received 250 sovs. in any one race not a handicap should be allowed 71b. Coil's V.ft.C. Sires' Produce Stakes win, of course, pre any such indulgence, but none of the other seven starters had to carry their full weight-for-age, Key disporting herself under the luxury of 6-13. The Sydney division were divided in their allegiance between Coil and Parthenopreus, the friends of the latter being so sanguine an to the result that they, backed him to win some ,£2000 in the Caulfield <^up (at 100's to 8) prior to the event under notice in the full and certain faith that after his victory his price would be considerably shortened for the great mile and a half event. .Key fluctuated a point or two , in the market for some time, but at last Mr. James Wilson junior's multum in pnrvo settled down absolute favourite at 5 to 2. Coil being at half a point longer, whilst Par thenopteus was at 5's, Ayrshire at 7's and Fo'iage at 8's. The favourite didn't get any too well away. Mischief cutting out the running at a pretty good bat, followed by Foliage, Parthenopreus and Coil. After traversing balf-a-mile though, young Dowling. who was up on Key, evidently became impressed with an idea that the pare wasn't sound enough for the Padlock-Governess filly, and straightway he took her to the front, assuming a six lengths lead as they swept past the scraping sheds-about five furlongs from home. Taking a judicious steadier Key led into the straight by about four lengths. Partbenoprous. Foliage, Ayrshire and Coil being in hot pursuit; but although they appeared to close on her below the distance, it was only oh sufferance, as she shot away again, stalling off a final effort on the part of Coil comfortably by half-a-lengrtb, Catspaw (who was also very unfortunate in the matter of getting away) being third, a length and a half off, Parthenoprous finishing fourth, Ayrshire fifth and Foliage last; the time being 2-J^eo. faster than Ayrshire's performance the preceding Saturday-to wit-2tnin. 9i-sec. It was a really excellent performance on the part of "the little wonder," but still, as one gazed at hor bounding along in front of the towering Coil one couldn't but experience the calm of a chilling doubt as to her prospeot of winning the Caulfield Cup-a mere runt like her, with every possibility of being knocked about all over the shop by more lumbering competitors. Coil ran a good race, ns also did Catspaw, but the animal that "took ray fanny most-outside of the winner-was Mischief, who carried her 8st. 6lb. like a perfeot lady. Mr. Tom. Rawlings has evidently got the six-year-old daughter of Commotion and Ladv Teazle strung up to conoert pitch, and although the hawking at such flights as a Caulffeld Cup or a Melbourne Cup may prove a bit too high game for; her (albeit that's as it may be), she shoiild be able to aooount for a good handicap or two during the Spring campaign. Zerio, who finished third for the Epsom Handicap at Kandwiok, broke a blood- vessel whilst running in the Melton Handicap Flat liaoe on Saturday. « 1 Mr. C, Turnbull'a grey gelding Pasha had worse luolc still in the Werribee Open Steepleohase, as he, broke his leg when he fell, and had to be destroyed. Up on the Sydney side they had a First Two Year: stakes at Warwick Farm on Saturday, when wfli rfelso trotted out a "thick-set and well-formed named Xex, who started at Even Money in a Field of Twelve ( !) and trotted away with the event bv three lengths, traversing the distanoe-- about by tnree , Essex carried 8-5, and is four furlongs -in M^eca.eofc wmiam from Myall Queen. This is doubtless the same colt Kelso has nominated (unnamed) for the Maribyrnong Plate, albeit in that event his dam's name has been erroneously given as Forest Queen. This clerical error, can, however, be amended. Mr. W. A. Long's Gloriosa (by Par Niente-Gloria) finished second, two lengths in advance of Fastidious - (by Niagara-Dainty). Glorioso is engaged in the Debutant Stakes and Maribyrnong Plate. Dirk Hamxnerhand achieved another vic tory at South Australian Tattersall's Club Meet ing in Adelaide on Saturday, and although there were only five opposers. the son of Carlyon and Lady Doris carried a big weight (9st. 31b.), and covered the five furlongs in 1 rain. 4 SACS.; Victress 8-0 being second, and Keswick 7-3 third. Lady Doris, the dam of Dirk Hammer hand, is by Neckersgat from Emily Faithful. Tom Kiely's Birkseate (Gang Forward-Theresa) 7-9 carried off the October Cup from Vakeel 7-10, Bridemark, 6-7, and half a dozen others, covering the mile and a quarter in 2 tnin. 12,1 sees. Birkpgate is in the Caulfield Cup at 7-2. The Victorian jockey. "W. Uvre. has suconmhpd to the injuries he received whilst riding M J. in the Final Handicap at Canning Park on the 30th ult. M. J. looked all over a winner till some .bumping knocked him out of his stride and brought him down, three others toppling over him. Shriinpton and Strickland escaped with a severe shaking, whilst T. Driscoll sustained a fracture of the arm. Duke of York (Chester-Queen of Nations). 7-f), piloted by Boh Tre wart Via. eventually won from The Provost 7-7 and Sea Nymph 7-33. Duke of York returned .£0 19?. for overv half-sovereign ticket on the Totalisator; but excellent as this " divvy " was. it waan't-in it with the return on the same neddy in the half-crown totalisator instituted by Mr. Strat ford Strettle for the special convenience of lady patrons of the meeting. There were onlv three fair investors on Duke of York, who each received JS4> 18s.! The Dreamers are at it again. The high price of meat this Spring and the baneful effects of the Stock Tax have made them a bit behindhand, but they are making up for lost time now. After a. good square feed somebody or other dreamt that Trent carried off the Caulfield Cup and that Dreamland annexed the Melhourne Cup, and .so impressed were the friends of the dreamer with the forecast that.they aotually accepted as little as 200 to'l about that particular double, some .£10,000in all being obtained at the price. Which episode reminds me that a week or two back a gentleman was narrating to some fri&nds; his experience with regard to a sort of "divination " or "inspiration " which had been vouchsafed to him in somewhat the same connection. He had made up his mind to try and dream the winner of either of the Cups if he could, failing.which he determined to back whatever name struck him as '.being most applicable with regard to anything which happened to come under his observation. " And would you believe it," he remarked to his wondering audience, "not five minutes after I had thus made up my mind as I was walking along the street what should I see but a beautiful Rosalia parrot hanging up in a cage under a verandah. Here was the very in spiration I wanted, ready to hand! Rosella! I at once rushed up to the Victorian Club rooms and baoked Wosella straight out to win each of the Cups. 1 tell you what it is," he continued," "you might have knocked mo down with a feather when I saw that parrot !" And after he had concluded his yarn one of the auditors, after removing his " dudeen " from his mouth and mildly expectorating, remarked -" I don't know about Knooking You Down With a Feather, but if you keep on trying to piok winners of Caulfield Cups and Melbourne Cups by 'inspira tions' of that sort they will be Lifting You Up On a Pitchfork one of these fine days !" That was lik6 the artist who tried to workout the winner of the third.race (the Hunt Club Oup) by " analogy " last Saturday, He explained the system to his friends prior to the event in this fashion : " Analogy is the thing, dear boys! Analogy is the thing ! It's no use trying to piok winners any other way; You see, Douro (a river in Spain) won the first raoe, then Water Color (another aqueous deve lopment) carried off the next event. What follows? Why the thing's as plain aa plain can be. Stick to the water ? And if you stick to the water, how can vou possibly get away from Mr. Albert Miller s Dolphin ? He must win ! He cannot possibly lose on analogy. But, unfortunately for this particular " inspiration," Mr. T. S. Dsan (on Qu0©n B.) wasn y taking'any analogy .in. his, and the believer in .A quorius was compelled to turn the connection off for the rest of the afternoon. ? . . > Had it not 'been'for Dan O'Brien bringing me. face to face with Jack Harris'at Flemineton; on .Saturday: I never would ; have recognised the one-time acknowledged: Champion Sprinter of: Australia-he has got so on-bon-ptvon (as they say-in " Paree." when a fellow runs into flesh.) J. G..H: is only over; on a visits he keeps an- hotel-, in Christchurch, and it evidently keeps:him in return.1 ' ' ' There are some curious messages sent through the electric'telegraph department at,times ;:and last Tuesday at Epsom I was shown a "wire" from: a person some 200. miles :up-country to .a friend which read (verbatim- etHtev&tiwi;) as .follows :-?" Fernlea, "Epsom. Is he going? What, price ?; Oryour fancy horse. Reply." The recipient of that telegram had received that telegram in town, and straightway despatched .a reply to the following- effect"/Impos sible, to advise, suburban racing until on; course. Delicate operation'then." " , . * I met rortytorty, Tom Kieley.at Epsom, and he informed me that with a bit of luck Fleet Admiral may still give the best, of.them " a.wrastle" for it in the Y.E.C. Derby. ICieley's colt chafes under the shoulder, but the disability doesn't appear to affect him so much when once he gets fairly started.. It's tl*e jumping off that tunes him up. . 'The numerous frie.T7.dR of the jovial^ South .Australian1 trainer will bo pl^a?ed to hear ,that' he,is in th,e best .possible " nick " himself. . 'In fact, if he is only lucky enough to b.rjng his char.ges to'the pos^with such a bloom on them .my old friend Tom.will certainly have ".seyeral" winning.brackets to his credit ere he.de-; paints on. the back track. So mote it be ! Hainault made " hacks " of the opposition in the Epsom Sapling Stakes, the " official" time for the .half-mile!being'504 sec. As against this,"slickness," HQveral.experienqed .timeists made. it 5H soc.; whioh must ,have be'en much nearer the,mark;. , Ha.inault. .who started at 7.to 2 on against.flve. others,-.only had 7-7 to carry, and he never let any of-the:others'have the ghost of a look in from the start. . \- A beautifully even-shaped filly named The Saucy Girl (by. The Admiral from Mara, the dam of The Merry Boy), finished second, eight lengths behind the South Australian flier.,.-.and although she is on the small side as regards height, she is as full of .quality as an egg is of meat. The first progeny of >his old favourite must be specially gratifying to'Mr. .S. G. Cook," who deserves more of fortune's favours . than he has been vouchsafed for quite a long time .now. . Another, filly which filled the eye most, pleasingly.' ,was Mr. James Redfearn's "brown daughter ofj .Zalinski and .Milkmaidr-Dairymaid by name, She' finished thii^di three lengths astern of The Saucy,5 ,0irl; but still hers was a promising. deMt. ^ .Mr, W. ,T. Jones' chestnut gelding St. David, 9-1,: sinjply outolasse.d Babel 8-0,' Carriok 8-3, and.half a, .dozen others in the Ep^om HandioapV of five fur longs and a(half, whioh the son, of Carlyon and! Queen of Nations covered in, 1 min. ll j sec. St.' David was backed down to G to 4 for the, event, . whilst the gelding Vindictive (by .'Vengeance-Duster), who conceded Majestic 10lb. , (8:10 to 8-0) in the Federal Stakes, at Oaulfield,, lapt Maroh, and finished second, only three-quarters of a length behind the Trenton-Bonnie Rosette colt, displayed symptons of disputing first favourite-: ship with St. David at one time, but receded to <8 to 1 again towards the close of the betting. , Mr. E. G-. S. Hare, the Coolgardie solioitor, and 'reputed owner of Paul, Pry, will have to enter a ' caveat against these continual seconds the Lochiel 'Busybody horse has had to be oontent with since returning from the golden Woat. On Tuesday, 'with odds of 10 to 9 on hira (in a field of eleven) for the Mordialloo Handicap he went down "wallop" before The Hall (by Zeno-Esmeralda), whose stable 'connections allowed him to "run loose " at 10 to 1. Paul Pry carried 8-10, TbeHall 8-8. Mr. W. TL J ones 9 representative winning by half a length in lmin. 46£sec. Tangiers (Gibraltar-Languelac) won "the Hurdle iRace " like a tradesman ."cutting: out the mile and .ft half in 2min;48se^. He only had'iSat. up 'tis.true; but then with his 71b. penalty he will only have to' carry 9-7 in the small sticks event on Saturday. The bay grelding Hirundo (Brandon;-Little Mary), didn't fane the starter very often during the racing :season of 1896, hut in the Caulfield j'Gf-rarid National : Hurdle Rare, last August twelvemonth, : he was' : w'eiehted at fand ran with)>11-2. Previous to winn ing the VMl.C. Maiden Hurdle Bane" at the Grand National' Meeting in July, . 1896, Hirundo had won some good races ' up-country on the flat; and that his lengthened spell had. not affected him in any way with "the slows''was made manifest in the Jumpers' Flat Race, of a mile arid three fur longs^ when with 10-10 he was backed1 down to' 2 to V against Lucid 9-12i'Rf*£rPnt 9-11 and .four others. In the capable : hands of Mr. J.' E. Brewer the good thing wad duly brought off, too. On Tuesday morning at.Flemington Partberiopraus put in,a".sw;allow;.ca;tphinsf" ga.llop of. a mile and a quarter;, in 2min. I63-seo..(Coil arid Mjaqlifef^'finishing some lengths behind him. It was a good go-a real good go-without a doubt; but nothing, to ero,.into ecstacies. over; - as neither Coil nor Mischief ever allowed , to leave races on, the training track.. And don't you forget it!, . The same, morning Coco's and .Tiady Mo^tyn .dis played great dash of foot over half a mile traversed in 51^-aeo. Cocos finished in front, but-.whether on sufferance deponent knoweth not. . Ike Earnshaw gave Nor-East and Toreador strong "work, and Mr. Sam' Hordern's pair are' evidently in first-class buokle. Nor-East is .the more brilliant of the two, but " Torry" is a genuinebattlex-swinging along at a very sound if not watch-smashing pace. Ambe rite, . Fucile, Delaware, Devoted, Metford Fitzroy and Vigorous were the most conspicuous of the New South-Wales division, and the more I see of rthem.the farther l- progress-on the road which leadeth towards conviction that they '.will take an immensity of ptitting down during the campaign whichopens to-morrow. Down Caulfield way Rosella way has been ac quitting herself so consistently creditably that at the time of writing she davides f«vouriteship for the Caulfield Cup with Parthenopmus at 100 to 9. J. E. Brewer has the Trenton-Pardon mare as fib as, hands as can make her, and as she finished well up amongst the leaders in the Caulfield Cup,last year after experiencing.serious disabilities both prior to and during the race it is quite on the oards that ^Rb¥ellft^n>ay enable the V.A.T.C. folk to keep their .-@uiKp£?,t8fl7> in the locality. .' ?%), Tr^rj^usta'ipeiiSa slight chill at the, beginning of *£He wee^;» an^h.ey, presto! before, even Jack was properly seized of the fact tn.eVy'aead mea^' men were at work trying to dis pose'.*,; -*siipposed carcass, offers of 100, to 5 againstv^ijbf^'beiftg as plentiful as "flowers of the Cape weed. 'However, ere forty-eight hours had elapsed Trent was nearly himself again* ^ arid the. odds contracted with the same jack-in-the-box > celerity they had expanded. . Foliage has been knocked about a couple of points in the betting, albeit there maybe no valid reason why this should be so, I have always had a sneaking regard for Miraolum, but T have been given to un derstand that Mr. J. Rowan's horse has nob been giv ing bis trainer complete satisfaction of late. There's nothing much the matter with him-only a slight affection of the kidneys? but the slightest dis crepancy is likely to prove fatal to a horse's chance where the opposition is of such a formidable charac ter as it promises to be in both the Cups this year. Dan O'Brien has got a promising two-year-old in the Maltia -Faithful colt Malntua. On Tuesday Sparta (Thunderbolt-Leda) got home a length in advance of Malatua over the DebutanT^l tance in 52Jsec; Cicero (NeekerS 41 being only a neck away third with p£ of Ban. O'Brien's youn gster J-by Th^ A i^F91 from,Naomi) fourth.. y 1 he Al«stral| To-morrow the Victoria Amateur T""t r., 1 their Caulfield Cup Meeting, and this year I ceedings are of a more Intercolonial I I 3 ever.J To go through the first dayt 3 which commences at half-past one oV?J particular fancies are as follows .-rn,,ic i"l -Key; Amberite, Wait-a-bit. fcst fi 4 P°rffl ?ri^a- °r "HirAundo- Wsh Stew rj Oaulliald Ghuneas-Aurutn. Tho tt"~V. .. ,1 Admiral. First Steeplechase-Euineralfa ol Whernside. Debutant Stakes-Hainauit I Vigorous. Toorak Handicap-Luster or ffl Metford, Fitzroy. I The sodden,state of the grounds preoludtJ being made with the Victorian Cricket Assl Pennant .Matches last Saturday but tnl (Jupiter Pluvius willing!) hostilities wl mence. Melbourne have drawn the bvP . fc J contests being-Carlton v. South MolbnJ Carlton ; umpires-Foot and Barrass Ffl bourne v. North Melbourne, at East Moll umpires-M'Sbajie and Harry. HawksburtJ morid; umpires-Young and Alessio. FitzJ Kilda ; umpires- Lederman and HopkinsoiJ When honestly and squarely conducted J is a fine, healthy and withal exhilarating rej And although Coursing is generally a pal test the pockets of the man of money a ve$ incident to the contrary happened in Englaffi years aero. A pedigree greyhound was givgi as useless to a poor labourer of Southmil noted coursing centre. This dog was neveif in the orthodox manner, but merely ran al streets like any mongrel cur, and lived for part on whatever it could get. Its name w " book," however, and one day the announced his intention of entering ifc] Cowley Cup, one of the most important i the country. Everybody voted him insane.! firm, however, and he scraped together thai fee with a good deal of effort, and entered! When the day arrived he turned up at ffl ing, and was pityingly derided on all sides.! maker contemptuously offered him .£100 too his dog, and the labourer staked his last If at these odd«. The contest began, and the| dog ran straight through the whole event! the Cowley Cup, .£50 in cash, and the bet. He left the ground the richer by .£151 most coveted cup in the South of England refusing an offer of, .£100 down for his# then proceed to win all the open stakm country with his trusty hound, whioh was® run over by a oart at Rochford. The owm a fairly well-to-do landowner in Southmin® Talking about,greyhounds and coursing,|| queerest thin gsthat everhappRnod in connoffi the English Waterloo Cup.wastho victory of® several years ago. The owner. Mr. Foul* given 25s. for a very scraggy and iinproinBi which made a wretched performance in n1J| Brigadier's owner had intended another ml present him in the great doggy event of,|g but this one failed him. The picked dog® an accident, and, to the huge ainuseraflffl coursing world, Mr, Foullres entered his in the place of the first. There was fir"1T effect that the accident to the , J§ affected his brain, inasmuch as ho naffl his nomination to win ^19,000, Tho the despised Brigadier cut out all his »|y after another, in clean and woll- vun o ire won nearly .£20,000 for his owner-a vory$H for his original investment of 2oa. m \- ... ? ? 1 -' "* ( , w|| A Manual of Etymology, just P"bllslJi Joshua Lake, formerly assistant-waster « bourn© Churoh of England Grammar QgL valuable little book, and will bo found* enu candidates for next year's Melbonrno Exnminntion. The bxc^iirc contains a \ w 1R00 words in - Moris Ohoncn hnghsh j Mm 1808-9, traced to their souroo on . ciples. It is the first text book piiWM* tralia in which otyraologies aio <H| modern approved scientific metnoci. Thriok energetic little workora A. and L. Nathan, the , dnuffhtei« jig Nathan, who pity the, misf°itii ,ySBi children, have organized a i" . j 0 JtM held on Saturday. Ootober fl. jit woT Hall, Church-street, Richmond, p|| Sutherland's Home. fPff 