THE COLONEL'S DAUGHTER; OH THE STRANGE STORY OF MY LIFE. BY JOHN STRANGE WINTER. CHAPTER XV.— (Continued.) "Ah, on© never knows. It would be better to get away. I cannot, of course— I could not move my daughter In her present condition, that is out of the question. But you — your tie is broken; you have yourself and your husband to think of. My dear friend," she went on, laying her sum hand upon my shoulder with a gesture of affection, such as only the shadow of grief ever begets in those who have but just learned to know each other, "for his sake you ought to get away." "Not for a few days," I said, drawing a deep breath. "I am not fit to take a journey, and Ayah is not fit to do so either. I have to think of her a little. Some Anglo-Indians do think of the natives ,you know, though the majority do not. Some treat the natives as if they were worth nothing; but this poor soul clung tomy little child with a devotion which has outshone any devotion which I have ever seen, and I cannot drag her off on a journey until she has somewhat recovered from her exhaustion and grief. I shall remain here for the present," I ended. "People who have been used to living in India do not run away like scared rabbits from the mere chance of infection." So I remained on, and every day, sometimes twice, Nurse Mordaunt would come round and fetch me to pay a visit to the young princess. Sometimes I would stay half an hour beside her, not talking much, but just sitting there; at others she would be tired in ten minutes, and one day she said to me, "Mrs. Hamlyn, do you sing?" As a matter of fact, T did slDg; not very much, not to prido myself upon it — for I had never had the advantage or chance of receiving really good training— but I had a pleasant little mezzo- sop rano pipe, and I sang, or I had been used to sing, to please myself, and those who loved me. Having found out so much, she insisted on my singing to her. She was passionately fond of music, and the landlord of the Hotel des Anglais, who would, I think, have given his head to make the Austrian ladies happy or comfortable, brought in a little piano from his wife's sitting- room, nnd put it in the large and airy apartment into which Princess Elisabeth's bed was moved every morning through the folding doors from her sleeping chamber. After the coming of the piano, I used to spend hours there during the course of the day, going over all the songs that I had ever known, not at tempting to sing grandly, but just crooning over the airs which were her favorites and mine; and sometimes the Princess herself would come and Fit listening, and once or twice she came into the corridor with me, and told me, with tear- laden eyes, that never, never should she be able to make me any adequate return for what I had been able to do for her. "But I cannot help be ing anxious and uneasy about you," she ended. "You ought to be away from this place. It Is not right of you to stay here. The risk is too great." "I shall not go away just at present," I re plied, quietly. "The doctor thinks that I am bet ter where I am, and I have written to my phy sician in London, Sir Fergus Tiffany, who con firms his opinion. I am taking great care of myself. I carry a perfect pbarmacopaeia of drugs end preventatives here," touching the bosom of my dress, "and I am taking quinine and all sorts of strengthening medicines and tonics. I don't think you need worry about me. Princess, I don't indeed; and while I can make such a difference to Princess Elisabeth I would rather stay where I am than go out into the world among strangers again. You forget," I went on, "I am not like someone who has a home to go to; my home is thousands and thousands of miles away. If I went back to it, I should be alone just the same. I could not go to join my husband. No woman could get to the Bhozar district where be is, and if she should get there she would not be permitted to do so, as affairs are at present, so that I am better here than I should be anywhere else. Don't trouble your self about me; I am happier here, and therefore I think that I am safer." "Ah!" she said, with a sigh, "I would that I could not take you both back to our home in Styria. It is bleak there in the winter — that was why we left it — but we have no fever." I thought as the words fell from her lips that, If they did not have fever they had other things quite as deadly, but it was of no use saying it, so I held my peace. "If it would be any service to you to go there now, to take your Ayah, and make it your home," she said, eagerly, "indeed, ray dear Mrs. Ham lyn. the Castle is absolutely at your disposal. Only you would be alone, for my son has been away for many months now upon a long hunting expedition — truly, I hardly know where. He knows nothing so far of the trouble we are in, I mean of the grave danger that besets his sister. Of course, he knew that we were to spend the winter in Florestella, that was arranged at the same time as his long journey was planned out." I thanked her very gratefully for her kind thought, but said that I preferred to stay in Florestella rather than face the loneliness of a place where I should know nobody, and could not even speak the language of the people about me. So I remained on In Florestella, spending the greater part of my day in helping to put the time on — the time that was so weary and so distres sing for the dying young princess. I heard twice from Eddy whilst I was thus occupied, both letters written in ignorance of our little child's death, both very full of the every day events around him, speaking of the difficulty of making war against these guerilla-like hardy tribes, who had incomparably the advantage over the British and even the native troops, inasmuch as they were at home in the district. Both letters spoke of the extreme privation that they were undergoing, and of the poor arrangements that the authorities had made for their safety and their well- being. "If it were not for our doctors," Eddy wrote in his second letter, "I really do not know how the poor devils of inva lids would come off. Their devotion is beyond all praise, and their pluck something astounding. What do you think of Stewart — the gay lady- killer, who was always loafing around Muttraba- bad, a regular squire of dames — making beef-tea and mutton broth with his own hands for his patients? And yet I see him do it day after day. I never thought Stewart had it in him. He is a regular brick, and no mistake about it." The letter went on to tell how rejoiced he was to think that we. his two precious invalids, were actually in Europe safe and well, and recovered from all immediate danger. "When I remem ber," he ended, "how resolute you were in refu sing to go away, and how wonderfully it all came about that you should go in spite of your self—for you know, dearest, I could never have forced you to do anything against your will — I can only think that a merciful Providence inter vened to help us both at that juncture. You don't know how often I have thought of your resolute determination not to leave me; you will never understand how intensely I loved you for being unwilling to do so, and I don't think you will ever realise how utterly grateful I am to think that you were made to go In spite of your self. I feci that the same Providence which has watched over yoji and brought you and the dear child to renewed health and safety will watch over the fate of your always loving and devoted husband; at the same time, I do nothing fool hardy, I take care of myself, I run no unneces sary risks — only cowards do that. Every time that I safeguard myself I say in my own heart, 'It is for Doremy. Doremy loves me. Doremy would miss me. I must watch over myself for her sake.' " Somehow that letter comforted me more than any letter that I had received from Eddy since our parting; It seemed to bring him nearer to me. True, he did not know as yet that we were childless, but I was comforted to know that be was always thinking about us, as I was always thinking about him. Priucess Elisabeth put the same question to me every day: "Have you news of your husband?" And when I told her that I had received that last letter of his, that I had just heard from him, that he was well, in good health, and taking care of himself, her sweet face was radiated by a smile which told me, as nothing else would have done, that I had indeed won my way deep into her heart. Poor thing! she was so ill that day — oh, so iU— so full of fever, and yet so thorough ly exhausted. My heart ached for her more than ever. As the season advanced, the severity of the prevalent epidemic slowly and surely increased. Those who were able to leave had flown from the district, but those who were unable to face a long journey, or unable to leave from other reasons, found themselves caged like rats in a trap. Flo restella was not the worst of the fever-stricken towns In the infected district, but it was more than bad enough. Every day familiar faces disappeared. Sisters of Mercy went trudging to and fro throughout the toWQ, and we who were in fair health were conscious, without knowing the actual facts, that an unusual disturbance was abroad. Strange and disquieting rumors came to us hourly of those who had slipped away to other and less dangerous places, who had been refused admittance lest they should carry the fever in their train; others who had fled elsewhere for safety had found themselves literally out of the fryingpan into the fire, had found themselves fiom a town with a comparatively clean bill of health In one which was a seething mass of Insi dious corruption and disease. "Best to stay where you are," was the flat of the doctor, when I asked him as to the truth of these rumors. "I give you the same advice to day that I gave you when you asked me about tbe poor little child. She bad a ghost of a chance here — not a great one, but still a chaDct» — taken away, she would have had none. I say tho same to you now. Take the tonics that I give you, and the precautions that I recommend to you, and you may be tolerably safe; make ai« effort to escape, and you will almost certainly be caught as you fly." But I had not the smallest intention of flying. I felt that his advice was sound and good, and as long as Princess Elisabeth wished for me, just so long would I remain within reach of her. "I would like," I said to him, "just one thing." "And that is, Mrs. I-Iamlyn ?" "I would have liked to have got my poor Ayah back to India, but I suppose that is out of the question. I could not arrange for such a jour ney here, and at this time. I suppose I shall have to keep her until I am well enough to go back myself." "You will not go back to India at present?" "Not If my husband has any chance of coming over; but, failing that, I shall certainly go bock before the hot weather sets In — that would be in May or April, possibly. I could not stay over here Indefinitely if I were well enough to make the journey back again. I suppose there is no help for me but to keep Ayah where she Is. After all, this climate is not like tbe English one for her, and she has little or nothing to do in attending to me. Still, I would have sent her back If it had been fairly easy to arrange. For myself, I shall remain here as long as Princess Elisabeth has any need of me. She likes me to go and see her, and she is wearing away so fast. She cannot keep me very long." "Not more than a few days," the doctor replied gravely. "I do not say it to them, although her poor mother knows what my every look means — but a few days will see the Princess Elisabeth Barzadiev over her earthly troubles." (To bo continued.) 