^mtml-^mnlkml THE INVISIBLE WOKLD. Among the revelations, which modern Bcience ' has made to mankind, is the world of invisible brings by which we are eurrounded, and the influence they have oa men's lives. The belief in spirits, space peopled with legions of unseen beings, some benign and some malign in their supposed relationships to human creatures, is common to our race. Not many centuries have elapsed since the intercourse between denizens of the invisible and visible worlds was understood to be much more direct and material than at present. Earth, air, and sea were thronged with creatures of a spiritual and invisible nature. Fairies, elves, and goblins ; nixes, pises, mer maids, trolls, leprechauns, brownies, and kelpies were spoken of as realities. Demons, warlocks and witches were endowed by the Father of evil spirits with supernatural powers, which en abled them to skim the stormy mid night seas in eggshells; or, mounted on broom-sticks, sail on the wings of the wind. Contemporaneous with a belief in such invisible entities was a dread of them. Diseases were accounted to be due to their malefic influences. The criminal annals of European countries contain records of the trials of persons, who were accused of having purchased the aid of ghostly comrades, in order to inflict injury on some unsuspecting and perhaps unoffending neighbour. Not only were human beings, bat animals, subject to their arts. Among the com monest operated upon was the house hold cow. Without visible mark or sign fibe was elf-shot ; and the proof of this appeared from her going off her milk, dwining away, and dying before her calves could be counted on the hooves of one foot. Women have been condemned by courts for bewitching cattle. Of a certain young woman, who was a distinguished member of a dancing assembly in the West of Scotland one stormy night, it is related : ' Many a beast to dead ehe shot, Aod perished many a bonnie boat. And shook hatch meikle corn and beir. And kept the country aide in fear.' Science, while laughing at the idea of powers for good or ill being attributed to such creations of the imagination, has revealed the existence of a material invisible world of creatures, whose powers excel all that fear or fancy has ever attributed to those of whom we have been speaking. Far as are the distances in space to which the human eye may penetrate, and numerous as are the worlds revealed by the aid of the telescope, obey are not more distant from ordinary ken, nor more infinite in number, than the inhabitants of the in visible world around us, not only in earth, air, and water, but even in our own bodies. Though invisible to the naked eye, there is a world revealed by the microscope, whose inhabitants are more numerous and more powerful than those of the unseen world of goblins and ghosts, aod yet are of material sub stance. At short recurring periods our atten tion is called to this invisible world by the action of some of its inhabitants, because science has told us most of the diseases, to which men and animals are subject, and which were wont to be attributed to evil spirits, are due to the former. One inhabitant of it has recently been causing our stockowners great apprehension and alarm ; we refer to theprotozoon, Pyrosonwbegeniinum — the active agent in the production of tick fever and redwater. It is one of nature's mysterious inhabitants of the invisible world. The beginning of what is known as life is dimly percep tible in matter called protoplasm. In its simplest form it is not organised, but possesses the power of assimilat ing other matter, and diffusing itself. Science has not been able to reveal the mystery of protoplasm, and life, which is associated with it. The simplest forms of living things are little more than atoms of protoplasm. The Pyro soma is one of them. It is an animal, as appears by its consumption of organic matter ; and it consists of a single cell. Organs of sense, motion, and reproduc tion cannot be distinguished in its con struction. Protozoa congregate in masses, but the cell is the individual. They are included with bacteria under the general term micro- organisms, though | the amount of organisation is indistin guishable. What may be called the domestic economy of the hosts of this parasite are familiar to us. So far as we can understand, the first of those is the cattle tick. How the latter acquired the Pyrosoma we have yet to learn. Whether it is transmitted from one generation to another may be difficult to determine ; we have not seen mention made of its having been dis covered in the ess of the tick. When the tick is hatched from the egg in its larval state it crawls up a blade of tall grass, to improve its chance of laying hold of some living thing. It remains inert, bat hooks outoa passing bullock at the first opportunity. There it regales itself with mammalian blood, takes a mate, and fulfills its life mission. During its residence upon the bovine host it pays for its board by transfusing into its circulatory system the Pyro soma. Whether the tick does so intentionally or inadvertently we have no means of knowing. Prom its home in the thin, cold-blooded tick, the parasite has no trouble, seemingly, in getting acclimatised in the thick, warm blood of the bnllock. There it increases after its kind — by fission probably ; into two ; two into four ; and, by a calculation in arithmetical progression, it will be seen the number may soon become incomprehensible. From a diet of tick blood the change to bovine blood seems to have an enliven ing influence. The protozoa feast on the red corpuscles, and thus produce a change in the condition of the immunity It becomes feverish ; and in multitudes of cases the mortal malady of redwater supervenes. At present the coarse of descent seems to be from ticks to cattle : cattle without ticks are unaffected. What becomes of the parasites when an animal host dies there is room to inquire. The vitality of micro-organisms can* in many instances only be arrested by a temperature above boiling point or below freezing ; bat then, in some in stances, death does not follow. Even with die aid of the most powerful microscope jt is impossible to trace all the movements of the denizens of the invisible world which science reveals to the industrious and persevering few. While reference to these elementary facts in the life history of the denizens of the world of invisible forms by which we are surrounded, may serve to attract attention to the interesting lecture given by Mr. Pound last night, his dis course should quicken the minds of all to the realities of the present, which have superseded the fancies of the past The pestilence which walketh in dark ness is not an emissary from the pit, but a micro-organism. It is a living creature, insensible to exorcism and anathema, bat quickly susceptible to material agents, directed by scientific skill. In onr modern invisible world, as in that of imagination and romance, there are creatures whose powers are exercised for the benefit of man — at least he turns them to his own advantage. Among the most newly discovered of these is the bacteria for ripening cream. This precious liquid, when left exposed to the open air, is subject to invasion l»y all sorts of- micro-organisms : germs of typhoid, diphtheria, dengue fever, and other diseases are apt to pop into the cream crock, and there fester, to the after peril of the consumer of batter. Now the scientific dairyman, when he has bis cream ripe, beats it to 158° or 160°, and thus destroys the micro-organisms — at least a great majority of them. Then he intro duces a culture of cream containing genus which are not only harmless, but improve the toothsome quality of well made butter!. The subject is one on which much more might be said, but these remarks, we doubt sot, will suffice at present to arouse increased interest in the living inhabitants which science has revealed around us, in the invisible world. At the meeting of the Gogango Divisional Board this week, Mr: Adams suggested by letter the Board should, in conjunction with other local authorities, appoint u dairy inspector. Some of oar readers may be ready to exclaim — -** A plague on inspectors : haven't ire bad enough of them?' tVitboot contradicting this we may point out that tbe appointment of a dairy expert, who could at the same time distinguish such diseases in I cattle as tick fever, plenro pneumonia, and i tuberculosis, would he a boon to the Central Division. It would be a great matter if we could get a dairy expert, and a qualified veterinary surgeon combined, bat that is not likely. There are a great many stockowners who can recognise the diseases mentioned, and we think there must be young men known to the department who are on tbe way to become experts, and whom experience would improve in the profession. It would not be difficult for them to acquire a know ledge of the mode of using instruments for testing tuberculosis with tuberculin ; for inoculating for plenro pneumouia and tick fever, isuch aq inspector would bave no terrors for our dairymen, because we mistake if they wish to bave irrecognisable diseases in their herds. Iudeed, it is for our dairymen to consider whether the appointment of a permanent qualified dairy inspector should not be submitted to tbe consideration of the season has advanced, and cows generally are in uiilk again, Mr. Malion will pay us a. visit. If the 1-jc&] authorities were to antte in appointing a qualified veterinary Bcrgeoo, tbe dairy expert would be more at liberty, of course, to attend to the teaching of scientific dairying. In die Annual Report of the Stockbreeders' Association j ost to hand, the following sentence occurs :— ' Had it not been for the steady persistence of this association in its requests and representations to the Govern ment, extending over a consideiable period, it is all but a certainty that to this day Queensland woold be withont its Stock Institute, and its branch at Koghenden. No matter to what class or call ing any member of tbe community may belong, all must be benefit ted by the establishment of these institutions. Moreover, they are a boon, to all the Australian colonies. .Not only does Mr. Pound, our gifted bacteriologist, and director of the Stock Institute, work hard in the wide field afforded him in the study of stock diseases, which alone is a safeguard to the public health, bat be is as ungrudging as he is successful in the assistance he evtr affords to medical men in the investigation of human diseases.' Now, what we would sng gest to the stockowners of tfee district is whether it woold not be of advantage to their interests to have a branch of the Stock In stitute formed in Rockhampton. There has been wrangling with the Govern Tien t aboot the payment of a resident veterinary surgeon to cood.net experiments in the tick disease. Had there been here a branch of the Stock Institute all that might have been avoided. Advantage might be taken of the presence of Mr. Pound in Bockhumpton to consult bim on tbe subject, and if it was thought desir able the committee which is going to Brisbane next week could call tbe Government's atten tion to the great desirability of forming a branch of tbe institute in Rockhampton. In casting reflections so freely upon the Government for tbe manner in which it bas dealt with the tick pest it should be remem bered that the alarm which prevails among tbe dairy farmers In New Sooth Wales, and to which the Government of tbe southern colony emst pay some respect, was prevalent in this colony, not bo very long ago. In tbe Report of the Stock Institute mention Is made of the efforts of Mr. (Jbristison of Lammermoor to obtain the services of Professor Koch on account of ' tbe very serious danger threatening the herds of tee coIodv in tbe spread of the cattle tick.' When language of this kind is used by an influential association like onr Stock breeders', we cannot, blame tbe New Sooth Wales dairymen if they use all die power they possess to keep oat Queensland cattle. Recently we have had experience of ticks, and have got rid of our dread of them ; but fanners in the South are still possessed by it. Nor can we be surprised tbat those in New Sooth Wales are in no unyielding mood. The sugar industry on which for years they were dependent has been practically rained by the free trade policy of the present Government. Th-.-y were advised to go in for dairying ; they h»ve reaching tbeir herds must make them more determined than might otherwise be the case to keep out tbe pest. There are few farmers who will not sympathise with them in rheir excitement and alarm at tbe possible advent of a pest which has been causing great mortality among the Iherde of Queensland. Apropos of the reference to the culture of bacteria for milk making, it is to be hoped that as soon as Professor Shelton and his colleagues have got the College dairy in good working ordet they nill be auJe to pro duce aod send to all parts of thi: colony, iu hermetically sealed bottle, samples of this beneficent agent. This is being done io the bntter-mafciug centres of Scandinavia^ Here tbe necessity for pure culture is ilie more desirable, i{ not, indeed, rt..Uy necessary, because nf our tropical climate, and the rapidity w ith which micro-organisms increase in it. According to all we c*n team there deed be no great diffi culty about tbe matter. Pnre culture or the proper species of bacteria have been in nee for some time in New South Wales, and we daresay in im-uy of our southern creameries ; and their propagation at the college would bo they were getting the proper kind. This is one of the^e little matters at which old fashioned farmers may be inclined to smile, but the use of butter cultures id extensively practised in Denmark. Scientific farming leaves nothing to chance, ami this is a matter which ehoold nnt be neglected Experiments are being made in putting up Canadian factory butter in tins for export to India and China and tropical countries. Den mark, France and Germany Largely control I this trade at the present time. I 