, Xilli HfliKD HAND. A frETUCTiVE STORY. ;;l3v;l'«A>i:fe Pa«ee». . r .1 had uccepted mi invitation from 1 Dick Eitooti to spend Chfintums at his Jilace in'Liricolusbiro, ami had already spent some diVya with him, when ou ! the evening of the twenty-fourth, He,; I and a ooiiple of gi uekeepers found ; ourselves, just as the sun was setting, ! Welve longmiles from home. Snipe ! and wildfowl had been plentiful, and : \v«i had forgotten altogether about the j fci the. On our ri^ht the broad waters of a tidal river glimmered red where ; not obscured by the rising wists which Were already creeping across the flat green meadows, whilst before us the j ground rose into a long low mound that ran out like a cape into the white marsh fog, eastward. " Tell you what Frank," exclaimed my chum, " it wi'l be no joke finding our way back through a long line of gates, and it's ail twelve miles by the toad. Randoek shall go hack and fetch the dogcart whilst we take a j .snack at the Woolpack, an old wayside ] in. jnst over the hill yonder." ] Tbis motion was carried. Randock transferred hif» birds to Jor, the second keeper, and started for home, wbii.it we, crossing the hills found ourselves on a broad flat road bordered by ditches, and about a third of a mile from a low,_hmldinjr surrounded by outhouses, which Dick pointed out as the Wnolpack.. " Save-Ootr been here for more than Bp year," he remarked; " hat I noticed in the paper some -weeks ago that Sangat—the man who keeps the inn— iost his wife. She was supposed to have fallen either into the river or one of the dykes. Lots lost that way about here." r We were agreeably surprised to see the-windows of the inn lit up, and when we entered to find a table drawn *ip near the kitchen hearth at 'Which was seated a thin, -spectacled gentle man, in a black—somewhat greasy— frock coat, and old givy tr.iwsers. For some reason or other I put him down lis a French- nan, whilst Dick was of opinion that he was a solicitor's clerk. Wu settled it by asking the host, a short, square.shouldered tuan, who had mot given himself the trouble to shave Jfor the last fortnight or three weeks. " II .'s a furr&ner;," growled the landlord, ** says there was an old Hoiuati town here, once, and goes tram pessiug all ahout looking for it, ile's heen here this two days, ami yesterday hired a chance hand to dig . lor him. Shall he glad when mi's i on iin,M | \V« soon had some of the birds; roasting and asked our black coated 1 friend to join 'tis. Jl" expressed h',:u self delighted, and j&Mtered; away in laroken Kiiylish, ?i,siting questions ■ ah nit the u.-igUhottrhnod, a.nd where j V-ft jived, iiituni giving us his opinion | lup in ll.im.iii antiquities, till dinner j viw oyer an ! we lit mir pipes. All this ti ho .the " hire! hand," as the host, called him, h«*i been sitting in the chimney corner,: hardly vKsihle for the shadow. Ihe old foreign j gentleman had started the subject <;f | ghosts, and Dick and I tirere laughing at him, when this fellow rose from his corner and said, speaking in a deep mellow voice : " Guess you are both right and both wrong. I've seen what you misters would call a ghost, and yet a doctor chap at Honolulu explained that it was only exhalations that rose from bodies hastily buried, I seed him do it himself with a big llower. The spectrinu he called it. Yes, it were spectrum, I remember now. " Well, tell us about it," said Dick. " But have a drink first, and you, landlord, mix yourself a drop." " I was mate on board one of the island schooners," began the " hired haud," "and we sailed from 'Frisco— it was on a Friday, I »uind well. We had dirty weather from the first, ami, a storm springing up, were blown far to.the north of her course. Then it fell calm, and the shooner drifted about with her head all round the compass. The ol«t man was getting mightv anxious, for food was begin ning to run short. We were four hundred miles or mora to the north of Honolulu, and he and I were just UlIc ing about taking to the bjat, which was a whaler, and a goo.l one at that, when a puff of wind cam'1 from the north, just eiiwugii u> ii.i o.n- sails and give us way through the water. This cheered us up, bui it died away daring the night, till we were not talring over two knots. When the sun rose, how ever, which he does in a mighty hurry in those parts, one of the deck hands sung but ' Ship-ee 3' and pointed. Sure enough, there was a brig beca1 ined about a mi'e and a half to wind ward. " By the time I had called the cap tain we were becalmed too, so, as were bound to have provisions/it was deter mined that I should go in the boat with two of the hands and see what I could do. When we had got halfway I took a look at the brig, and saw th.it her spars were trimmed anyhow, and thai, her running rigging was hanging in bights. "'Hullo, Tom,' I SAid to the man pulling stroke—he was thu only white on board besides the old man and myself—'There is something wrong on that brig.' ' Thirst, 1 calculate,' said Tom, squinting over bis shoulder. ( Ttf be co}icl;ult}.l.) 