PARLIAMENT.! Tuesday, September 21. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL The Acting President took the chair at 3.30 o'clock, and read prayers. NEW BILLS. A message WAS received from the Legislative Assembly, transmitting the Customs Duties Bill and the Duty on Beer Bill for concurrence. The bills were read a first time, and their second reading made an Order for the following day. Dr. T TAYLOR gave notice that on the following day he would introduce a bill to amend the Medical Act of 1887. LEAVE OF ABSENCE Mr. THYNNE gave notice that on the following day he would move,-" That leave of absence for a period of one month be granted to the Hon. V. Perkins." DAIRY BILL. The Dairy Bill was further considered in Committee, as reported in another column, and was eventually referred to a Select Committee. FENCING ACT. The House went into Committee to further consider the Fencing Act Extension Bill!. Clause 1 was agreed to. Mr. NORTON said clause 2 had evidently been visited by the Minister for Lands to \- please some of his friends. It was an arbitrary proposal, and he hoped to see the clause knocked out. Mr. W. FORREST repeated his previously expressed objections to the clause. After further discussion, the Chairman left the chair, reported progress, and the resumption of the debate was made an Order for the following day. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at 5.50 p.m. until the usual hour to-day. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Speaker (Hon. A. S. Cowley) took the chair at 3 o'clock. LAND BILL. The debate on the second reading of the Land Bill was resumed. Mr. M'CORD said that the conditions which they had to legislate for now were quite different to those existing when they passed the 1884 Act. By the discovery of artesian water, land which previously was unsuitable for settlement had been made available. Land suitable for settlement could be found everywhere in the colony, and he had no doubt that before long they would not have to invite population to come here. People would come of their own option. While he thought it very desirable to promote settlement, they must be careful not to violate in any way the agreements already made with those who had taken up land. Situated as they were now, they could legislate so as to utilise the land to the best advantage without doing violence to any- body. He considered the bill now before the House a great improvement upon the bill which preceded it. With the Minister, he hoped to see it made a thoroughly good and practical measure. He viewed the abolition of the right of appeal to the Supreme Court as a departure from the agreement made with the pastoral tenants, and he trusted that that provision would be reconsidered. He took strong exception to subsection 62, with regard to the valuation of improvements. He was glad to find that the Minister for Lands was favourable to pastoral tenants being allowed to pay their rents half-yearly instead of yearly. That would be a great boon to many. With regard to the classification of lands, he knew there was need for alteration. In many cases land was very unfairly and anoma- lously classified. He held that the appointment of the Lands Commission was of benefit. Anyone reading the report must admit that they did good work. He did not hold with many of the conclusions they arrived at, but the Government were wise in appointing the commission before introducing the bill. The commission had found out the abuse which existed on goldfields by men being allowed to run stock over large areas without paying rent simply by taking out a miner's right. As a remedy he would suggest that the goldfields be placed under the divisional boards. It would be very advisable to offer as many facilities for getting on the land as possible. He would do everything in Committee that he could to make the measure a comprehensive one. Mr. GROOM said he would like to know from Mr. Foxton whether last year's fiasco was to be repeated. The bill of last session met with the approval of three-fourths of the people of the colony, and was only withdrawn owing to the opposition of a section. He heard that the measures resorted to last year to secure that withdrawal were again being tried. If the bill was to be withdrawn there was no use debating it. It would be far better to pass the Land Bill than sacrifice it in order to pass the Local Government Bill. He differed from Mr. Leahy in the idea that the Crown was at present receiving a fair return from the pastoralists, and if they reduced the rents the House would have to seek another source of revenue. Mr. Leahy proposed to go in for lower rentals for the Western country ; but If that was good for the Western country, it was good for some other portions of the colony as well. The House should be extremely careful in reducing any source of revenue. The bill proposed an alteration of the Land Board. He entertained In 1884, and previously, the opinion that local land boards in the various districts of the colony would be advisable. The commission saw the working of a New South Wales local land board at Bourke, and were pleased with it. No doubt it would increase the expense of administration, but that should not be regarded so much as the establishment of confidence in the minds of the settlers. In New South Wales there were thirteen land boards, which cost £40,000. (Mr. FOXTON : *' Our whole expenditure is only £70,000, including Survey Office.") He was not advocating the creation of so many boards as in New South Wales. It was estimated by those who introduced the 1884 Act that the rents under it from pastoral holdings would reach £1,000,000, but in that they had been grievously disappointed. Before they introduced any amendment of the present law which would have the effect of decreasing the return from the, land, they should consider it very carefully. As to the Land Board, however good the work it had done in the past, the board had out- lived its usefulness. Under its management great delays had occurred in the confirma- tion of applications, but he believed that that was largely due to the fact that the land had been selected before survey. He maintained that every facility ought to be offered to selectors to take possession of the land which they wished to take up. The time had come for a change in the constitution of the board. The Minister for Lands had, in a modified sense, accepted the recommendation of the Land Board ; but it was his (Mr. Groom's) idea that one member of the board should itinerate in each division of the colony. The object should be to bring the Land Board as near to the selector as possible. The bill seemed to leave it somewhat in- definite as to what were to be the duties of the Land Board. He was of opinion that, that should not be dealt with by regulation, but should be clearly and comprehensively dealt with in the bill. As to the constitution of the board, when they were in Committee he hoped they would be able to mould it so as to best serve the purpose in view. He believed the Minister was opposed to local land boards, but he was satisfied that there were certain well defined districts where local administration could be carried on beneficially. He agreed with what Mr. McCord had said about the defective classification of land, and be believed that that was a matter in which local administration might very profitably be brought into operation. He complimented the Minister upon the system which he had adopted with regard to grazing farms, and he hoped that it would be broadly and liberally administered. His opinion was that every grazing farm should be classified. With regard to other forms of selection, he thought there should be a graduated scale of homestead selection. He did not think that 100-acre selections were large enough in many parts for men to work profitable. Experience had shown that where homesteads of that limited area had been taken up, they were not successful. Those, however, who had 320 acres were generally doing very well. That was the class of settlement which they should do all they could to encourage. When they took into consideration that the character of the land open for selection, especially in the Central districts, was the refuse of the land, which had been picked over and over again, and it was not worth the value proposed to be put on it. The pick of the country in the Maryborough and Bundaberg had been taken according to the evidence of the officials, but it was pointed out that if the areas were increased to 320 or 640 acres it would be taken up. The Canadian Government was offering very strong inducements to immigrants, and if Queensland wanted to increase her population by immigration she would have to make her land laws very liberal. The commission recommended that youths of the age of 10 years should be allowed to select land, but the bill still held to 18 years, though the other colonies had adopted the 16-year limit. At the age of 14 a youth must cease attending the national school. Give him, then two years' experience on his father's selection, and then why not give him the opportunity to take up land ? In commits tee he would endeavour to reduce the age to 10 years, and he hoped the House would decide that it should not be a crime for a father to help his son. Referring to the proposal to substitute sealed tenders for ballot in the matter of taking up selections, he said that there was danger by the adoption of the sealed tender system that the small mad" would always be outbid. The provision for putting down " dashers" might or might not be successful, but he believed that the five? years' residence condition would reduce the number of applications. He was convinced that the land had often been taken for speculative purposes. He would like the present holders of 1280 acres agricultural farms to be allowed to change the tenure to that of the grazing farms. He referred especially to the Charleville and Roma farms as claiming consideration in the way indicated. The agricultural land was assessed higher than the grazing farms, but it had been found in some cases that the land was not suitable for agriculture, though taken up as such. He promised to give the Minister every assistance to make the bill a thoroughly good one. Mr. KERR trusted that there would not be a repetition of what happened last session with regard to the previous bill. He hoped that no pressure would lead to the withdrawal of this measure. He was in accord with Mr. Groom In the wish that the bill should be carried this session. For that reason he trusted the Government would go on with it in preference to the Local Government Bill. When the previous bill was before the House he opposed the system of balloting for land, and he was opposed to the secret tender system which had been adopted in the present measure. After a man who had been granted the land had made his improvements, and had been in possession of it for three or four years he could bring pressure upon the department to get a reduction of his rent. (Mr. FOXTON : " He could not get it." He was satisfied that that was the way in which the system would be worked, and worked for all it was worth. He believed selectors generally were opposed to the allotment of land by sealed tender. His own opinion was that if personal residence were made a condition there would not be much need for ballot or tender, and they would hear no more of those " dasher" applications. He wished to draw the Minister's attention to the selling of land in the Central district. He believed that if that were not stopped it would not be long before the Government had to repurchase the land now being sold. The Central members intended to appeal to the House to help them to do away with the selling of the lands of the colony. It was suggested that a servant of a lessee should be allowed to select on his employer's run, but with the experience of the past the restrictions proposed against that were justified. The Land Commission had given great dissatisfaction by the manner in which they rushed through some important districts. At Tambo there were a number who wished to give valuable evidence. He trusted that the bill would be passed this session. The people of the colony were anxious for it, and the Minister, in replying should give some assurance that the bill would be passed. Mr. STUMM said there was anxiety on the part of settlers that the bill should become law. On last year's bill it was pointed out that mining rights were not sufficiently protected, and the present bill was an exact copy of last year's bill In that respect. The royal metals and others should be reserved, and the right of search allowed in any alienation of the public estate. Mining had been of great value to the colony in many ways, and beneficial as it had been in the past, its present prospects indicated that it would be of greater value in the future. The bill did not make it clear that mining for gold and other minerals might be carried on on reserves'. That should be provided for. He was glad to see that the Minister proposed even more liberal homestead clauses than did last year's bill. That would tend to very desirable settlement. It would be an act of justice if the homestead selectors under the Acts of 1876 and 1884 were allowed to take more advantage of the conditions of the proposed new Act. He thought members of Parliament should be debarred from acting as agents for persons at the Land Court. He agreed with Mr. Groom that the age at which selections could be taken up should be reduced to 16 years. Referring to the manner of dealing with the leases of runs in the settled districts, he objected to the proposal that the lessee should have the priority of selection; as he did to the suggestion that the Land Board be allowed to give the lessees a lease on parts of the country not likely to be wanted for settlement. No board could judge what might be the requirements of selection in the coastal districts during the next five or ten years. Mr. BOLES agreed with Mr. Stumm that some further consideration should be given, to mining. The neglect which had manifested itself with respect to the industry might suggest to outsiders that it had no representation in the House. As to the question generally, the tendency had been to get revenue out of the land rather than to settle people upon it. The policy of sending lecturers to England was a stupid one. There were hundreds of colonists who would be willing to come and settle here were the land laws more liberal and more permanent in their character. He would like to see the bill made more liberal, and he believed if it were the revenue, far from being diminished, would ultimately be increased. At present large areas of the (public estate were wholly unproductive but if more liberal provisions with regard to settlement were introduced they might be made revenue producing. For himself, he would just as soon see the bill knocked out altogether, in hope of some better measure being introduced. Where did the hon. member expect to get settlement to take place if he renewed the leases for the settled districts for another ten years ? He could not expect people to go to the back country. How did the hon. member know that these runs would not be required for use in the next ten years - In the settled district there were 12,093 square miles of country, which yielded £1 6s. 6d. per square mile, or about £20,033 in revenue. If all the runs there were thrown open for graz- ing farms, or agricultural settlement, It wnjruld return equally as much; nevonole. If the Minister wanted to get settlement he would have to throw open a large area of the settled district. Mr. FOXTON : Show me where there is any demand for it and it will be thrown open. I will guarantee it. Mr. CORFIELD, discussing the proposed constitution of the Land Court, said he could not see what special qualifications a District Court Judge would have for the work. To his mind the appeal to the Supreme Court was much preferable. It seemed to him that the whole tendency of legislation and administration had been to exact the maximum return from the land, rather than to promote settlement. Of course rent should be paid for land, but not so much as to block settlement. The Land Commissioners had not travelled outside the settled districts, and consequently they had nothing to guide them as to the great Western country yet comparatively little settled. The conditions of that part of the colony differed widely from the rest, and it was very important that it should receive consideration. Mr. FITZGERALD said that he had a letter of complaint from persons interested in the Land Bill, and they complained principally that the Minister had not given sufficient attention to the suggestions of the Royal Commission. Dealing with the Land Board proposals, he said that under the old bill there were clauses which placed the Land Board In such a position that it could not be an absolutely impartial body, and even now, under the new bill, the Minister could order the board to have a rehearing of a case. That was as good as telling the board that he was not satisfied with the decision. There should be no interference by a gentleman in a political position. The Minister was right in not allowing an appeal to the Supreme Court, except on questions of law. The meeting of the persons referred to. was strongly opposed to the abolition of the ballot system in favour of that of sealed tenders. A great deal of the dasher difficulty could be got over by a better inquiry into the merits of! the different applications. A number of doubts as to what was allowable under the Act might be removed if the Minister would insert a few more definitions and clauses in the bill. He objected to the Government selling the lands of the colony, which were bought up by the lessees of the stations on which the land was situated. The price paid was above the value of the land, and It was evident that the object of the purchasers was to secure control of-a much larger area. He hoped that provision would be eliminated from the bill. He know that the Minister did not favour small grazing homestead selections, but he maintained that it was a form of settlement which should be encouraged. If it had not been successful, it was not because the principle was wrong, but because it was not properly carried out. * !? Mr. MURRAY did not think that, much fresh light could be thrown upon the question. The Laïid Commission! examined some 161 witnesses, and he thought every one was asked, " Have you any sugges- ètion whereby the land laws of the colony may be improved ?" From a perusal of their answers, he thought it would be admitted that no really valuable suggestion was received from any one of them. There was nothing startling or novel suggested. He gave credit to the Minister and the House for desiring to pass the most comprehensive and liberal land law that Queensland had over had. With regard to close settlement, hon. members should, not lose sight of the conditions prevailing in Queensland at the present time. Those conditions, to his mind, precluded the idea of close settlement. He held that what was generally considered close settlement in other countries was totally impracticable under present conditions. Therefore, he held it was the bounden duty of the House to look that question straight in the face, and frame a code of laws which would be suitable to the conditions prevailing in the country. Of the whole of the country, he considered there was fully three-quarters of it suitable for pastoral occupation only, and he thought that holdings of 20,000 acres of really good land would be practically close settlement under the present conditions. He did not go in so much for area as for quality. It was the carrying capacity of pastoral country that should determine the area to be granted, and he thought that the area should be sufficient to return the bolder and his family a reasonable living, and sufficient payment for the labour expended upon it. He believed that for pastoral purposes 20,000 acres of really good land was little enough. He had always felt that the further you went back, the more the area should be increased, and the rent diminished. In some parts 60,000 acres was not too much. AS to-the present bill, he considered it less liberal than the present law, and in some respects not so good. As to the change in the land court, he thought the members should be resident, and not merely itinerant in different parts of the colony, and that there should be also branches of the Lands Department In each division. If a Judge were necessary to preside at appeals he thought the resident Supreme Court in each division could do the work, without a special appointment being made. He thought all land should be properly valued and classified. (Mr. FOXTON : " That is done in a thoroughly systematic way now.") He was opposed to limiting the area to any hard-and-fast number of acres, and, as to the condition of personal residence, he believed it to be practically impossible. The House should do away with the re- strictive and obnoxious conditions which had hampered selectors from time im- memorial. There was no virtue in " personal residence or in the proposal to give priority to the person who promised to live personally on it. Such a promise could be easily evaded. Another proposal was to reduce the tenure of grazing farms, but he held that the thirty-years' lease was little enough, especially in a country where settlement was so much desired, and where there was so much land to settle on. It was claimed that it was desirable to reduce the term of tenure to provide for closer settlement ; but the way to provide for that was not to touch the lease, but to reduce the area. The reduction of the lease would certainly reduce the chances of settlement being increased. On the ballot versus the sealed tender system of tender, he held that if surrounded with proper conditions, the ballot was the better system. He endorsed the proposal that, if on the Land Board reporting that any land was not suitable for closer settlement, or was not required for that purpose in the settled districts, a lease for a short period should be given to the present runholders. Something should be done to alter the conditions existent in regard to the goldfields reserves. As to what was to be done with all the forfeited Western country, he would suggest a long lease and a very low rental to induce occupation. Mr. BELL said it had been the custom to bring in a land measure about every eight or ten years. The present measure, unlike previous ones, was accompanied with a document compiled by a body of men who endeavoured to carry out their duties properly. There was no other document in existence which contained so much evidence of first-hand information and value about the question of land settlement. The commission were very careful as to how they sifted out their witnesses, rejecting the evidence of persons who had personal grievances in favour of that of practical men who were representative of the different classes of settlers. Mr. Leahy had asked who wanted the bill ; but if he made inquiries he would find there was a crying demand for legislation of a remedial nature on the basis of that which now existed. There would be grievous disappointment in the country If the bill did not go through. In the bill before the House most of the suggestions of the commission were embodied. In regard to the extension of the areas of the homesteaders the Minister had broadly followed the advice of the commission. That was the most important form of selection on the seaboard, and for a considerable distance inland. Also, in regard to the grazing farm system of settlement, the bill- contained most of the suggestions of the com- mission-whether in regard to compulsory residence by grazing farmers, or in the matters of increasing the areas in certain districts, or of altering the tenure under certain conditions, or in the matter of the alteration in the constitution of the Land Board. As regards the residue of the recommendations, they were departmental and administrative, and he was sure the Minister would largely adopt them. (Mr. FOXTON' "Hear, hear.") This was not the'tiñié to discuss the report of the commission, but when it arrived he would be able to reply to any criticisms that might be aimed at it. The report spoke for itself, and it formed a very satisfactory reflex in the bill. Mr. KERR said he had no fault to find with the report of the commission, nor had anyone attacked it. He, however, pointed out that the commission had entirely ignored the fine lands in the north-west of the colony. He did not complain of that neglect, and he was glad to say that the Minister had promised it should be remedied by appointing a competent officer to report upon that portion of the colony. He hoped that steps would be taken to settle population in that magnificent territory. As the Land Bill did not provide for promoting settlement there, he trusted that assistance would be given to him to got some provisions incorporated in it. He thought, also, that there should be some assistance given to people to settle in the far northern parts of the colony to provide irrigation for their land, either by artesian bores or some other way. In regard to the bill, he believed the whole of the House was interested, and for himself he would do all that he could to assist to pass it in a thoroughly practical shape. Mr. W. THORN considered the Land Bill was a step in the right direction, and he hoped the Minister would not have to introduce it a third time. He, however, strongly objected to the clause introduc- ing the sale of land by tender. He hoped it would not be carried, and he was sure that if it, was the poor man would never have a show to get an acre of land in the colony. He was glad, to see that the commissioners recommended that the age at which youths could select land should be reduced, and he was glad to hear that the Minister had no objection to it. It was a step in the right direction. He would like to see some proportion of the land revenue handed over to the divisional boards on the differential principle for the purposes of making roads to farming districts. Mr. FOGARTY would have liked to have seen a provision in the bill increasing the acreage of good land which could be held. He was totally opposed to the secret tender system. He believed that that would take away from, the poor selector the ( ghost of a chance of getting good land. He thought that a system of local boards would work more satisfactorily than the Land Court constituted by the bill. As to Hip proves sions dealing with scrub and brush land, he did not think they were sufficiently liberal. He was in accord with those who advocated the reduction of the age at which persons could take up selections from 18 to 16 years. He thought that the bill should repeal the Special Sales of Land Act. The Government were parting with the public estate at less than its value, and in time to come would find it necessary to repurchase the land to give opportunities for settlement. He was in accord with the stipulation for compulsory permanent residence. A term of twenty-five years' lease for grazing farms under the changing conditions of a young country was quite Icing enough. The great evil of the land laws of the past was the want of classification on a proper basis. The Minister was not sufficiently liberal in the allowance per acre for ring-barking. He urged that more good land be thrown open for settlement. He believed the Land Commission did their work ably and well, and he regretted that the Minister did not adopt the whole of their suggestions. He was opposed to the renewal of the leases in the settled districts, claiming that the land should be kept open to meet the demand for settlement. I Mr. BATTERSBY said there were four distinct classes of settlers in the colony, and provision should be made to meet the legislative requirements of each of them. He held that the price charged for the coastal lands was far too high. He hoped that something would be done in Committee to permanently settle the Glaister difficulty. The Land Board were defeated the other day in regard to their decision in in the matter, of the Colinton selection, and he believed 'if every Colinton case where selectors received adverse decisions from the board was taken to the Supreme Court, the board's decision would be upheld. Mr. KEOGH thought facilities should be given to allow men working on the railway lines to settle by relaxing the conditions of residence. He favoured, in regard to the method of tendering, that a minimum and maximum price should be fixed when the land was opened. He favoured the reduction of the age of which land could be selected to 16 years. Mr. GRIMES moved the adjournment of the debate ; but, after, some discussion, he withdrew the motion. With the permission of the House, he then proceeded with his remarks. On comparing the bill with the measure introduced last session, he had been struck by the little relative difference between them. Very few of the suggestions made by the commission had been incorporated in the bill. (Mr. FOXTON : " Four important.") In that way It had been a disappointment to the members of the commission and himself. That, however, was made up some- what" by the appreciation expressed by witnesses of the 1884. Act, which he considered was the best Act they had had. He was glad to see that the Minister had abandoned the pre-emptive system. The great alteration in the bill of 1891 seemed to be the constitution of the Land Court. It was provided that for certain purposes a member of the Land Board should sit as a court, with an appeal to two others, with an additional member in the person of a District Court Judge. He did not think that system would work well. It would, he thought, be found that in most cases the appeals would be dismissed. With regard to the provision for secret tendering, he quite approved of i t He favoured the sealed tender system in connection with selection, and the shortening of the leases of grazing areas. Before twenty years had passed he believed that much closer settlement would result, and looked forward to the time when the grazing areas would be occupied by a number of dairy farmers. It was highly important that the department should see that there was as little delay as possible in determining applications for selections. At present much disgust was caused to intending selectors from the South at the delay they experienced in the matter of obtaining selections. He could not agree with' members who held that the lands generally in the colony were fixed at too high a value. He quite agreed with the necessity there was for a classification of all lands, and had no objection to the forfeited Western lands being offered at a reduced rental, but did not think that, on the whole, the colony received enough for its pasture lands. Fuller information relative to land thrown open should be given for the information of intending selectors. On the motion of Mr. KIDSTON, the debate was adjourned. ADJOURNMENT. Sir HORACE TOZER, in moving the adjournment of the House, said the business for the following day would be Supply. The House adjourned at 10.55 p.m. till to-day. 