FICTION. A STRANGE WIFE'S SACRIFICE. CflAPTKIt IV. The town was still boisterous. Ho far as I could judge in the night and the excitement, it was a very important centre. Home of it-i characteristics of construction recalled certain Chinese town to me, but it showed tnuch more skill and taste than the Celestial were nf. It was briuht and nicturcsuue. On the Hat, continuous roof of one large street of dwelling a crowd of reveller walked or danced to and fro. Io a few moments a similar crowd appeared on the roof at the opposite s;ae, ana ine wnuic uucub ut m«»i frolic and their music was Indescribably odd. We met one large group of yonths and maidens flourishing what looked exceedingly like Maypoles, and so engrossed in their en joyment that they paid no more heed to as than to the plentiful trees up-growing along tho streets. Under tho trees, still burdened with their horrid baskets of the dead, number of tired revellers lay sleeping as calmly as any far Europeans in their ancestral mansions. Farther on wc met a belated procession driving a white bull to the sacrifice— the sacri fice to their ancestors; one of the few sorts of tangible religious rites to be observed in the country. In a wide square an excited group were en gaged in " dismissing the devil " from a lad, A straw goat had !»een made, carried through the streets, and finally set on fire by the boy, who thereupon rejoiced in his freedom from the Evil One. It was for the time a haunt of absolute abandon. Men and women, youths and maidens, and children gave themselves to joyful movement and mu3ic, to drink and dance, and the glory of what seemed an un- earthy hilarity. Now and then, as I fixed my gaze on a face flashing by me in the moonlight, I thought I could see deeper, and detect darker passions and murderous vitalities; but the nour of the awakening was apparently far off. One thing struck me in that walk through the feverish streets. Beautiful though the women were, there was none that could be called the peer of Eve. Suddenly her arm was grasped by a tall, powerfnl young man, with aBharp, eagcrface, whose expression of cunning and callous treachery I could detect even now, when the effects of prolonged intoxication bad so greatly changed its character. " S-S- Stor-Face," he said foolishly, " they- they-they say your husband is d-d-dead. I have look-looked for you, f-f-for you know how I hare loved you, and I-Monged for your f-f-freedom— and by my an-an-ccstorV bones, I will marry you before the feast Js over/' Eve, who was nearly as toll as he, or my self, for that matter, repelled bis hand with scorn. "Keep away from me. Grass -Spear," she cried, aogrily. " I spoke to you to-night, and told you of my husband's death. You were too stupid to heed me. Go away, I want you not. I am going to be married." For the first time the young man's eyes sought mine, and a flash of lurid hatred lit their depths. In one hand he held a fantastic spear made of dcftly.wovcn grass— such spears are flourished by the hundred in some of the Miao-tsc rites and sports— in tho other band be betd a snarp steei inHiruraeni oi inai kind which bis tribe so carefully aod skilfully fashions. Scarcely had he looked at me when, with the cry, " I will kill your new honband," bis band shot forth. His aim, for all his drunkenness, was un erring ; but luckily for me, in hia besotted condition be did not notice that he aimed with the wrong hand aod the wrong weapon. IIu merely struck roe with the grass siwar, and it shot idly off me. In the effort he fell forward, and then he lay stupidly at our feet. Meanwhile, the crowds were speeding to and fro, abandoned to drink and merriment. A few of them Beem to vaguely wonder at us. puzzled as much as they could be puzzled in their then state at our abnormal excitement. One girl with dancing ercs put a half- filled goblet Into my band, and then hurried away with her party. But our excitement— or, rather, the stroke and fall of him whom Evo bad called Grass- Spear— attracted the attention of a venerable old man who stood a few perches apart, by the quaint opening of a tall house. He walked slowly across. " Who makes disaracu in the m(d3t of the month of feasting?" he asked, gravely. "Who ruinethby too much drink and quarrel the pleasure of the splrit-cyeaof ourancestor as they look down on the joyous ecenes in our streets ? To drink of the flowiug cup is well ; the laws of our fathers ordain it; but cursed of them is he who drains ulso the cup's dregs, for these it is which muddle bis spirit. What is written in one of the great books of Mioo- tse wisdom: 'Tbeflowiog cup to the lips of the wiHe, and the dregs to the dogs, or the Chinese/ " I was touched by this convenient philo sophy, which 1 wasquiteccrtaio the venerable man had put into practice himself that night. " Patriarch," said Eve, reverentially, "it is Grass-Spear who has drained the drcgi to night, and there ho lies in his disgrace. 1 am going to be married. Here is my hu»band, who has come to me from one of the most distant of our clans." The Patriarch— I knew already that each of the forty clans (or thereabouts) was ruled simply by a Patriarch— the Patriarch bowed gravely to me. sayiug; " I am glad, dear eon, that you cho»e our town in which to spend the month of the feasts; f am glad that your stay is to be made joyful by your wedding one ol ourlair<f»t women, one who is learned in the lore of the .Miao-tsc, the lore of ourancestori!. I rejoice in her choice, for you are tall, gallant, and, I am sure, noble as our I Mist/' Thru he turned to I've again, took her hand, and led her towards the home. Mie motioned to me to follow. At a Fignul from the Patriarch a girl brought two cup;. He put one in Eve's right hand, one In mine. He motioned to us to drink to-geth i r. The draught, I found, was simply water. ; We looked in each other's eyes, and then drank. "Now you have drunk the wedding-water," :iid the Patriarch. " You are wedded. Bo yon happy. You will drink with me before you go, in honour of this, the mighty feast, that roaketh the heart of our nation glad," Three goblet were brought forth. This time the draught was red wine. Nevt r b: f"Tc hid I tasted a drink m de-lidou. The I' itriorch and I emptied our goblc.;. Eve 1 (>ly ipped a little of hers. "I will give wotd/ h' .vlr-p r«d to let, that you arc married. Tney ».i!l go to yoi t j house forthwith, and bear away your dead husband to re3t. You will walk with your gallant new "pousc a little longer round the street of our revelry. Then when you turn inward to your home, it will he no longer a place of death, but a bridal chamber." Eve seemed to regard all this as tho most natural thing in the world, while tho new excitements and tho Patriarch's wino had ho wrought upon me that it did not look callous or ghaUly as It ought. As we walked onward tho streets appeared to dance and leap to music ol pleasure. Guitar I fancied everywhere between tho earth and stars. In the gloiiR below us I caught night of the hundred forms of dancing youths and maidens. Above us tho bright mountain streams seemed to flash back In joyous responiivcues. On and on we went. "The burial," said Eve," is over. Wo will go upward to rny homo. It is yonder on tho mountains by that delightful stream." We had left the town by this time. Tho roar of the revelry was undiminished. Up tho mouotain-slopo wc went. Tho revelry still sang with us. Truly a deafening mar riage-song. A marriage-song 1 Our marriage song ! I went onward In a strange delirium. I was in a new world. AU roy wonted thoughts were lost. I did not sec th6u the tall form that struggled and staggered in our wako far below. CnAPTElt V. Tun house— a quaint bamboo structuro, which had seen centuries— looked deserted when we arrived. Tho servitors even hud retired to their quarters, or had gone down ward to the revel of the streets. Of the house hold I was not destined to meetanyonont the time. It was the occasion of the mistress's marriage, and with a kindly delicacy curious jn Mich n race, the household kept ill tec toek-KTMind. ll was one oi me iuiuiui i»uui» a uuuvi the truth that the Miao-tso, degraded as they were in some essentials, yot bore obvious attribute which helped hotno tho claim of their ancient civilisation. My mind was still in a whirl. A joyful, delirious spell held possession of mo. Life had suddenly opened n thought-world of tantalising magic. Eve was with ine— she seemed to grow moro beautiful— a wonderful, dark queen of old Asiatic story— I could think of nought else— my heart and my imagination were held captive that incomprehensible night. The room to which wo went looked out oti the glistening mountain stream. It was luxurious in divans and carpets, and wonder fully restful after the human tumult of the street". It had one curious object ; a couch covered with newly-cut grass ; another illus tration of the extent to which gram dominated tho fancies of the Miao-tso I may tell you, by the way, that few things could stir Evo moro dclicioijriy than the night of the green grass on the hill slopes suddenly set stirring by a passing breeze. When all tho verdure lay still she was unwontcdly gravo. Now, as wc gazed across tho stream to the lowly green slope, she said pensively; "I wish tho grass I love would wave. When It waves it is friends with mo. But it sleeps, and it does not know It is my wedding- night." Then, as she sat bcaido mo on the soft couch, one arm about mo, and her head of silken tressc9 against my check, my attention was called by a roll 'of what seemed parch ment leaves on the floor before us. Tho outer leaf was filled with (juaint characters, some pictures of worms, some twisted anddiatorted almost comically. My old self's ghost ioue upnocuningly. "These, then," I pondered, "arc some of the famousmanuscripts of the Miao-tso. The thought of the treasure which such lore might prove was ono of tho thing which urged me to this land of curiosity and peril. How far they have passed from my mind already ! Here am I called husband by a strange woman, whose life is all unknown to mo. It is all a wild dream ? Is—" Hhc drew mo closer to her, and kissed mo. Then she left the room nwhilc. I scarcely noticed a group of dark girls as they glided in, and set wine and delicate foods before mo. I was in a combative state, I tried to bring back my old self to look at tho new situation with my old sane and critical eyos. In vain 1 For good or ill, I surrendered n\y- self to the new intoxication. After all it was nn unprecedented experience. Tho heart of Asia had been kind to mo. It hnd given mo a strange, lovely bride, with a wonderful nature. Might I uotrolscner— When Eve returned, graceful and rapturous, I was kneeling on the floor poring over the singular manuscripts. My knowledge of tho written Miao-tsc language derived from "Twilight" was not so clear as that of its spoken tonguo, so my progress was necessarily alow. I turned smiling to Evo. Hhc looked on the manuscript as on some ntrauge object whoRo existence she hnd long forgotten ; llicu an alert, and next a frightened expression crossed her face, and with a poignant moan she cast herself at my feet, burled her face in her hands, pressed them against tho ttoor, and wept bitterly. I was dumbfounded at first, and then angry with myself. I jumped to an Immediate ex planation. 'Of course, these manuscripts brought back a sweet past to her; she had read them, studied them, sighed or smiled overthem with a dearhusband who wub gone, whoso memory, whose glamour was about her, while 1— She raiaed a tear-wet, loving face to mlno, and all at once I felt ashumcd of my jealous " 1 bavo loved and won you," she said, pathetically. " but I shall )030 you." "JTow? How?" I said, and then, shame facedly, "I thought you wero thinking of yonr dead husband." Ilor eyes dilated in wonder. " Why," she said, " the moment yon and I were wedded his spirit was released, and is glorious now with his immortal ancestors. Why should I be sorry? fie thinks of mono longer in his supreme abode, for hn saw, cro hi spirit wan permitted to leave, that I had found a loving protector." And her arms were woven round my neck again. "Then why were you sorrowful, if I brought you happiness?" "Ah, I suddenly remembered nil the loss and Korrow to cornc. All my life 1 have been a student of those treasures of iore, these chronicle and prophecies our wixu fathers have left us. One of their wio stories Is all of a daughter of this land who shall win a strange husband of whom they hint ir. puzzling and mysterious way. The. husband and wife arc to be blent for a brief period— the hus band is to rLc up in sight of the nation as a wi«r man cml a great prophet, and save It from some crowning peril. Yet then must he travel through terrible pains nml dangers, while his wife drain sorrow all alone. Much of the telling of the- talc U a pu/zlc and n mystery even to the wisest— but, O I my bus- land, my heart tell mc wc arc that blessed ami yet blighted pair." I tried to laugh away her fears, the pro ductions, I believed, of a credulous mind dwelling overmuch on vague and misty legends. But she would not be rendered. jn hc-r simple mourning she was wonderful In my t-yeg, My heart was touched now, even as my senses were hitherto. Our love had been before as a delightful dream, now it was alio sadly human. Her proud, dark beauty had melted, she was a clinging woman to bo comforted. As the night grew we wore whispering of our past lives to each ether. Hern had heen more studious and simple than her neigh- lours', and I learned that she was regarded from her childhood as a being of unu-uial destiny, ono in, not altogether of, thcMino- I |;c race. She flat loyed and fcoqored, re- j cciving even moro than tho wonted share of reverence which thin singular pconlo extend to their women, and their aged folk also. 1 doubt that you can over understand how dear a spell she had thrown over me, what enraptured, all- comprehending lovers we had become. Till that night, when wo met so casually on tho mountain-slope. I hnd neycr loved. With an nhnormally-develop'd artistic spirit, I had sought and revelled in many of Naturo's manifestations; hut woman's love was as unfamiliar and alien to tuo as music to a man Mono- deaf. This beautiful, dark daughter of a forgotten race had waked all tho world of latent har monics ; undor thoso Eastern skies of moon lit graco life showed mo awhile her bowlldcr- ingpcrfection, hormngical possibilities. And then— ah, then I I suddenly noticed tliat tho night had grown cold, that a wind wa» rising. I started to draw tho shielding silk awning between us and the blast that whistled eerily across tho stream. Lumbering step, muttered threats, the flash of a toroh, and thon at tho opening I saw the hato-pont face of Grass-Spear. CHAPTER VI. That passionate, disappointed young man had evidently recovered in a very great degreo from his intoxication. I read in hi look tho savage dosiro to kill. I own I pitied him not n little. Thntho should bavo lost hvo through the accident of a too generous cele bration of a timo- honored feast must havo been a bitter thonijht to bear- When ho saw us thcro, tho lovo on our face, ho leaped forward with a vcrtibto shriek of passion. His hand seemed to olutoh my breast like claws, and then his hate took a now, almost maniacal direction. Ho drow back gasping. " A white man t A white man 1" ho cried in a tone in which wrath and consternation ap peared io be equally Idonded ; " traitress, curse, scourge, to the Miao-tso! Havo you mnrrled, havo you smeiuaa a sou ot tnc alrangcr ? Hour of blackness and wrath to the land I Hour of grief to tho eyes of our ancestors! While wo feasted you wero falso. Traitress, black and bestial traitress 1 Whom have you wedded? For whom havo you scorned my love that was sweet in my life a green gras3 in tho mountain, or a spring in tho desert ?" Ho gasped for breath, and for tho moment the torrent of his passion was spent. His face changed. Ho looked to Evo Uko some dumb, Inshed animal, and a wild wave of love flashed through his face and In his eyes. " 0. come to me from tho stranger ho cried, " and I will forgive ail. I will forgivo oven him. Ho may go his way over tho mountains to ids own land. Rofusc, and what can savo you or him from the vongcnnco ot our people ? Remember, O dear love, I was your dead hus band's friend. He know how I loved you, ho knew if he died I would bo your husband after him—" " Silence, Grass-Hpenr," said Eve, im periously, " Your place is at tho feast, not brawling at my wedding. Ail is changed sinco those days you speak of. I have found my life's love— the strange husband montioncd in our wise father's hooks who weds a daughter of tho land, becomes Us Prophet, and Us " Grass-Spear laughed wldly, and her faoo grew stern at the interruption. " Thon you despise me," ho cried, and tho fiassionato look returned to his faco. Brute into lit his oyes, and for a minute his features worn horrible to comtcmplatc. Suddenly they changed once more. The yearning lovc-look overspread them as be glnncod at Evo again. Ho bounded fownrd unexpectedly, dropped hi torch, clnspod her In his arms, and ere I could mnko a movo to provent him, hud swept with hor to tho mountain river. His laugh, like that ot a maniac, rang fear ful through the night, " Follow mo, whito man. follow me and my lovo," ho laughed. I erold hear Eve cry " Coward 1" as he plungod into tho stream, and I followed. I saw nor soft hand tighten on his throat. Ho struggled to free himself, but her grip was that, of nn Amazon. I dashed after them, but Evo bade mo Btay. She had now got thorough mnstory of her hands, and I saw that a fever of battle possessed her. They hnd drifted or struggled to mid-stream# Her supple body bont and swayed. Her arms twineu around horenptor. To and fro went tho swaying and tho struggling for ono thrilling spoil, when I dnred not interfere. Then ono supreme effort, and Grass-Spear wont down into tho wnters, dragging her with him. xno waves soetneu, settled and tno noma fear seized mc that both were lost. I groped frantically in the waters where I saw him fall beneath ncr. Another instant sho arose like a dark Venus from tho waves, bringing tho apparently lifeless form of Grass-Spear along with her. She carried him to tho bank. I was snro ho was dead. She smiled grimly. I bent down and heard his breathing. Hor sudden ory ntnrtlcd mo. I looked up and cried in turn. Ilor dwel- ling— our dwelling was in (lames. In the exoitomcnt of his seizure of Evo I doubt if I noticed whore Grass-Spear had cast his torch. And now tho havoc was done. Tho sharp winds fanned the lliuncs. I seized what I could from the blnzo, no more than a few- robes that were welcome against our now bitter enemy, tho night. Evo looked on dolefully, as if stupified. Only onco did sho speak, when I said some thing about tho safoty of tho rest of her household. She answered that she had given them leave to return to the revels. Helplessly we watched t lie doomed structure, The flames hissed nml wreathed In the , wind. Evo turned and kissed mo sadiy. " Our sorrows open sooner thna I thought, sho said. "Thoy might have waited till' the dawn." On the elopo far bolow we heard a startling ory. " Rise, men of the Miao-tsc I A 'white foo is in the heart of your nation." "It 1 Grass-Spear," she said, her voice trembling a little; "I did not sco hltn rise and run downward. I had forgotten him." Tho noise of a new tumult reached ourcars from tho far streets. Unconsciously, wo moved a littlo higher up tho hill. I own my heart sank. Death I felt now was a question of mere minutes. Ory answered cry, in street and on slope. New cries reached us dimly from the street. We moved and moved, n littlo onward and upward. The wind shrieked In a savage mockery of our efforts. Now on the distanthill-slopcs rose stranger cries than any I had yet heard. Fearful, uniquo cries they were. Evo stood stock still. I noted that when the next volley of cries rose upward from the town their character, too, was cnangcu. Eve listened intently for several minutes. Her look betokened a rapt and brenthlcss Interest. " 'Tis so," she said, at last. " A strange thing has happened. Tho Ohinoso have planned a surprise. They have availed them selves of the opportunity of tho feasting month to pour a new force into ourmountains, trusting to find us druuk and helpless. Yos, thoy come." - Bhc paused and listened again. " Yc. these are the signal cries. There , nro watchers still In the hills. They only cry thus when there is trace or sight of the foe." The cries grew wilder through tho night, positively thrilling from slope and town. Eve turned suddenly and kissed rao. "Our danger grows," she said, as sho smiled sadly. "They may brand you as an ndvanco spy of the foo. Bat"— and sho hissed roe tenderly ogaln— " you arc my love | to the last." v I My heart thrilled as I returned that kiss- that 1 is# ju the shadow oi deMb m (t w)l might be. . . The ncxtmomcut hor faco was sot in a new proud light. " Come," sho said, with a- feverish joy, l 1 sec the road of light now." . to iia continued. 