‘ PffiCHAIGE TO BRMI.: The Mrs Noel whom her acquaintance liked or disliked, according to their in clination, was a, handsome and wealthy widow, endowed with a purse liberally open to most demands and manifesting the fervent interest for- many subjects that characterises our “fin de sicele.” The Mrs Noel who occasionally con fronted her own soul was a deep and narrow nature, influenced by two im passioned affections, and as indifferent to outside sympathies as to shadows that pass. One .'of,-.these-affections was de-: voted to the memory of her'husband, the other was a living love, for her only daughter. ' " *'■*■ ' . Concerning this beloved child, the mother's heart-ached forebodingly wliile she drove.‘.through .-.the .avenues of the. Champs Elysees in her neat brougham, or toiled through various apartments of that, fashionable quarter, accompanied by her maid and a house ■ agent. Dis tracted by an anxiety with which house hunting. perplexities' had nothing to do. slio broke down'when, having admired certain picturesque rooms, she was told that the accommodations for the “suite” were three stairways .higher. “Go, Rosipe.” she sqid to her maid, as she sank into an easy chair.- “yon- surely know better than I what'- we require. I shall rest here until you return.” “Madame does not fear to remain alone?” “Why should I fear?” Mrs Noel de manded wearily. “W.e have so con scientiously inspected every corner and cupboard that even''a ghost could hot have escaped our notice. If you are nervous, however, you may lock the outer door.” ’ Rosine murmured an acquiescent, “As rnadame pleases,” the agent uttered a voluble assurance of secure solitude, and they departed. Mrs Noel leaned back .In her chair and shut her eyes.- ■ ■ ■ . - She had often warned herself that anxious days would begin when Laura grew old enough to become interested in lovers, but she had not anticipated that those days would dawn thus swiftly. I,aura was only 17. A child in spirit, though visibly hearing the lovely verge of womanhood,. Mrs Noel had left her for a holiday visit at the home of a school friend in Scotland, while she made an annual cure at Homburg. Now. six weeks later, Laura’s letters were filled with one man’s name. -, and her hostess wrote that a Russian, Count Rufski, possessing a European reputa; tion for fascination, was pursuing Laura with , such devotion as she jbeljoypd no girl could resist. ' 1 That a woman should- -marry, among her countrymen was a law ot life evolv ed by Mrs Noel from her" own' brief happy marriage. That Laura’s bus band should be of her mother’s choos ing,- Mrs Noel discovered-suddenly to be this law’s inseparable-: codicil. Yet Laura bad manifested a cheerfully re solute will ever since she-was old enough to feel a preference. What if her will had already deckled for this stranger—a Russian, whose “European reputation for fascination” could not have been ac quired within any number of years ap proximately near to those of this child of 17?" - • • Mrs. Noel opened her eyes with a piing so keen that she thrust it aside. Laura would return to her to-morrow. Surely uo intruding influence had thus swift ly eclipsed her oyvn. She would got con 1 sider such disaster. .She would consider instead,the.home they meant to make for some years in Paris-herc, perhaps. This apartment seemed likely to suit : them, .she told hq^elf, while her eyes ' wandered restlessly around the salon, which the’ agent had • brilliantly il luminated when he had shut- -out -the chill autumn twilight. : Immediately opposite her chair a wide ; doorway hung with satin portieres, framed a smaller, yet more charming roofti; whose delicate blue tints sug gested a dainty background for the ob ject of Mrs Noels anxieties. ‘Must the ;cosey little _den my darling will? fancy—— Her thoughts broke off as sharply as though they "had been' interrupted words. Before the chimney which faced the archway stood a low couch, heaped with many satin pillows. A moment since, it had seemed the very nest for Laura— Now? Was she dazed or dreaming ? Whose islender, . white-clad, -figure lay amqng [those pillows ?' Whose fair head half :turned away toward the chimney ? Not [Laura’s, thank God! - Color and outline were like but .the pretty creature who, so mysteriously appeared there was n6t Laura, nor vision of Laura. ' Whoever she was, how did she get there .unobserved ? An awe that was neither curiosity nor ■■ terror possessed Airs Noel as she confronted the picture before her. Whence had it coined Why did she behold it? . . , . • Between her and the object of her 'spellbound gaze the figure of a man in evening- drieSs.itdvanced soundlessly.His back was toward Mrs Noel as he step ped softly to the side of tlie sleeping girl. He bent over lier. His slender jewelled hands lifted, one of . the satin pillows. : What was hq-,about to do ? Did he mean some caressing arrangement of those pillows for the comfort of that fair head ?' The sleeper stirred. The bendmg man, still holding the pillow, glanced across his shoulder, thus turning his beautiful, evil face to the horror-stricken onlooker, and in those cruel, pale eyes his pur pose was written—murder! * A cry. shrill with terror.. interrupted the fluent amenities of-Eosine and the house-agent, as lie fitted the key into the outer door of the apartment. Aghast they paused. There was a rush of flying feet along the inner corridor, and a heavy fall. “Open, imbecile!” Kosine cried wildly. “Madame, madame!” The.-frightened--agent flung wide the door. arid'Rosine dropped on her knees beside the. inanimate body of her mis tress.;; ; : ::w Neither terror nor angnisli can long suspend, the intense consciousness of .such d. temperament as Mrs Noel's. . 'With’-a strange, regard her haggard eyes stared up presently at Rosine and tile , concierge,- whom the agent had hur riedly summoned. ;i!‘I was. tired antj, I fainted,” she ritur arroreft^inipalieutly. to their, eager ques tions.y '■ ■'*■ • v '"'•Pardon. iffadame-screamed?”. .Mrs Noel frowned and closed her eyes again. .’ “A fancy! I was half-asleep—a bad dream.” She sat upright resolutely in the chair where they had placed her, and smiled a pretty perfunctory smile. “A woman’s nerves.are not to ho ex plained. Are they, Madame la Con cierge?” she said to that stout person age. who was yet breathless from her run up two flights of stairs. ‘.‘You have a handsome apartment here under your care.” “I hope ;Madame will not: allow her fright to 'prejudice her against it?” “I will try to forget: it.” anrl the apart ment pleases me. especially the smaller salon, which .would make a charming boudoir.” “‘Madame* la Comtesse.- always sac there. It was refurnished according to her orders.”. “She was-fair,-I dare say, to choose so much blue?” ■ “Pair as a lily!” “Why did she leave?* “She died. Madame.” “All. yes. Suddenly?” “Of heart disease, poor, lovely angel! But Madame has doubtless heard the story ?” “Partly, I—I'-” Mrs Noel rose, shivering. “Will you give me your arm to my. carriage. Monsier?” she said to the agent. Despite protestations that she could not yet be strong enough for such exer tion. she walked downstairs. “Why should I ask her name?” she repealed to herself, with every feeble step. “I dreamed, perhaps. Or, if this horrible vision was the truth, I am no avenger of innocent blood. I am a timid woman. I am afraid!” She entered the brougham while Eo sine listened to the agent’s regrets con cerning Madame’s indisposition. “Madame !” the maid exclaimed, as thfly drove away: “it is a small world, is it nor? Even this great Paris? The young Comtesse who died in that apan ment two years ago was the wife of the Comte Rufski, who, Marie writes mo. is staying in the house in Scotland where Mile. Laura, now visits.” During a long moment life seemed slipping from Mrs Noel’s hold. But'she clung, fast to it. Nocv did she know why she had been permitted to behold that vision of a tragedy--over-..whiMr- .the grave had closed,"1’ : i God meant her to save her child. Nor would she fail. His marvellous mercy— pot though her flesh shuddered and her blood grew cold with horror of what had been and terror of what might he. Rosine. whose keen eyes little es caped. was well aware that her fragile looking mistress was capable of endur ance beyond the, power of a far more vigorous physique. She, however, ven tured a remonstrance, when, after an hour’s repose and a cup of tea, Mrs Noel prepared to keep an engagement at the opera—a reraonstance which was vain. Mrs Noel was rather late and very pale when she entered the loge of her friends, yet no one guessed that more ailed her than fatigue. Why should they? Does not many an actress play best with sorrowful soul or failing body ? Ana tliis woman played ber role neither for fame nor for daily bread, but for that child-love which God’s law has or dained to be the core of every woman’s heart. Therewas an outburst of mischievous amusement when she spoke of her let ters from Scotland, and the reports of Laura’s conquest. “Laura had made a brilliant begin ning. winch you must expect to prove an end also, if Rufski is in earnest! He is , the most irresistible of fortune-hunt ers !” “Why,.Laura.deserves something bet ter.” ; - - • ' ' ' “Oh any dear, he is. a good fellow, too, and he has established a record as a de voted husband.” “He.is a-widower ?” • “Since two years. She was a Scotch beauty and heiress when he married her. but her fortune soon vanished in that big Glasgow bank failure soon af ter their marriage. Rufski, like all Rus sians, is an incurable gambler, and in variably ‘-hard up.’ -' Yet he bore his disappointment heroically; remained charming to his wife, and semed quite overwhelmed by her sudden death.” “She died suddenly?” “ He found her lying dead of heart disease one evening' when he returned from his club. You are shivering, dear. "Wrap this cloak about those pretty shoulders.” j Mrs Noel'did not sleep that night._ o Surely.never woman faced a situation so terrible or so hopeless of human help. : Friends and kinsfolk would think her mad did she proclaim an accusation of murder founded on such flimsy fabric as a dream. ’ And dared she c-all that Which she had beheld a vision, her mad ness would be considered more fully proven. Even Launi might striuk dismaved . from the mother who sought ' to sully her imagina tion and shatter her liappiues with such fantastic horrors concerning the man who. whether or not he had awakened her heart, had certainly pleased 'her-'fancy. But Laura must be saved! The God who had shown the danger thus wondrousl.v would vouchsafe the means of escape to those eager mother hands that would not heed what hurt thev risked in grasping it. When Mrs Noel met her daughter at the Gare du Nord there advanced down the platform,, besides Laura and Laura’s maid, a tall, handsome man, whose lu minous, pale eyes smiled suavely upon La ura’s tender flutter. Comte Rufski was gracefully grateful as Mrs Noel, having heal’d of his kind ness on- .the journey, where by chance Laura had encountered him,invited him to afternoon tea on the morrow. While -Mrs Noel lay awnke, through the long watches of a second sleepless night, her plan grew plain to hex1. Surely the: guilt of which she knewj the secret must be haunted by such cow- i arcl.fears as would be stirred to self-be trayal by the revelation of a knowledge whose source could only be supernatur al. • ■ She was aware.of the personal danger she would risk should Rufski’s courage resist the test she intended to put upon' it. She could not doubt that lie would be at a. loss for methods by which to sweep from his path an enemy who me naced him. • * Yet Laura should be saved. Laura, whose gay .chatter, in which Comite Rufski’s name recurred so often, stabbed the mother's resolve with a mightier dread than that of her own danger. Was the child’s heart awake? And i for whom, would it declare itself? Mother or lover. Mrs Noel and her daughter spent the following morning in shopping. Laura was rapturous over the choice of her first ball dress. Yet she insisted upon having flowers which she had promised. Rut'ski to wear. They lunched fit a famous patisserie, whose -goods. "Laura devoured witli the reckless ardour of a schoolgirl's hunger. Yet she forgot to finish a favorite game pie while she de scanted upon Rufski’s skill at r. shoot ing match she had seen in Scotland. They returned to tlieir hotel for “five o'clock tea.” and Rufslci did not keep, them waiting. With a horror that made the'efuel^t j instant of her ordeal. Mrs Noel beheld him lift Laura’s pretty hand, to'his .lips I with the long jewelled fingers she had seen press down a satin pillow upon She could not speak in answer to Ruf ski's graceful greeting, but she smiled. ‘■It is mostly with a smile that a woman leads her “forlorn hope,” and tin- bravest, cheer which has led men to battle, and whose echo rings through history. lacks something of the heroism of such a smile. The little group sat about the-firo and drank tea daintily. Liiura wasi.giiy, Rufslci amusing. Mrs Noel rather silent. Just, arrived as two of them were from Scotland, talk turned ' naturally to Scotch customs. Scotch characteristics, and. by a subtle impulse from Mrs Noel, to Scotch superstitions. Rufslci and Laura, each repeated lo-1 gends at whose terrors they scoffed lightly. Mrs Noel grew serious. “I have an unassailable objection to the credibility of most ghost stories,” she said, very slowly. There was a curious thrill in her low voice which brought Rufski’s eyes to her face from her daughter’s, but she was gazing at the fire. “I cannbt believe that the Maker of the Universe would permit the infrac tion of His laws for the frivolous pur pose of useless terrorism that seems their usual design.” she continued. “But one has come to my knowledge recently, whose purpose is worthy of God’s mercy, and in whose truth I therefore believe.” “Mother, how solemn you are!” Laura cried, with laughing incredulity. “You don’t really believe a ghost story?”, “Assuredly, as I believe that all. sth comes to punishment.” . Rufslci shrugged his shoulders- slight ly. " : ’’ •' “Perhaps -Madame will'deign to con vince of his mistake a student of life, who lias fancied that he discerned sin ners ‘flourishing like the green bay tree’ of which, the Bible tells ns.” • “Yon shall bear this story, and I think it will convince you.” “Again Rufski’s brilliant eyes sought hers, and again liers avoided them. Mrs Noel was no more liberally en dowed with eloquence than are other women of her temperament in this un eloquonr generation. But words that burned into the memory of her listeners leaped to her lips, as she described the solitary woman in the empty apartment, the fair vision of Secure repose which had so mysteriously appeared before ber. and the creeping shadow of murder ■•which destroyed it. Then, without glancing at her silent auditors, she re lated that the names of the fictors of this gliosty tragedy had become known to its beholder, and that corroborating circumstance and motive were not lack ing to link the phantom Jo reality and to establish its truth. “A truth, the purpose of whose awful revelation will be accomplished.” Mrs Noel concluded in the level voice which had told the whole story. “The woman to whom it was revealed understands its merciful warning of danger to one beloved—-a danger to avert which she is prepared to encounter the most public scandal or the most subtle vengeance— unless ber enemy disappears.” Through effort that taxed every force of her being. Mrs Noel slowly lifted her gaze to Rufski's face. A face from which the mask of con trol and civilisation had been swept away .and which confronted her, ghast ly with supernatural horror, devilisli with the lust of hate, while in his pale eyes stared that look whose recognition banished from her soul any doubt which might perchance in future • years have shaken her conviction of Ills guilt. From that face, those eyes, she recoiled with an involuntary homage of the flesh to the present menace of Death. With a cry Laura flung licrsclf on her knees between her mother and Rutski.as though interposing her own slight strength before that mother’s half-com prehended danger. Rut'ski Kink back in his chair hiding his'face with his hands. There was silence. Silence, during which Mrs Noel, feel ing the clasp of her child's arms thank ed God! Whatever the outcome of this moment’s suspense, Laura was saved, Laura’s heart had spoken, and its first utterance had been for her. -., U n'e “Pardon. Madame!” Rufski mur mured at last. pautiugly. “A., thous and pardons for the sceue I make.' Yout horrible story has overstrained nerves sorely shatered by much suffering"— his voice broke down. lie rose unsteadily to ids feet. IXis face was white aud quivering, but his eyes had recovered tlieir discretion, and confessed only the weakness :his words had defined. \- “Will Madame forbear judgment on the absent whom her eloqueiicc .’ has driven to flight?”- — An instant Mrs Noel hesitated. Ait instant, in which her courage touched its'highost reach and faltered. Her child was safe. Let.him. go. then, with liis past, of which'she had such s.trange knowedge, to liis future, which she was powerless to limit or control. “Concerning the absent. Monsieur, I ani dumb—si) long as his absence en dures.” He bowed profoudl.v. walked swiftly toward riie door, turned there, bowed again, aud was gone. “Mother!” Laura cried, clinging close. “Don’t tell me what you meruit, or'why . ho went away! I saw him look at you • as if-—Darling mother, something; terrible has come near us, but it lias passed. ‘Promise that we shall never speak of it again.”—Ellen Maclcubin, in the “New York Tribune.” . 