SUNDAY READING-. THINGS WEIGH CANNOT BE SHAKEN. [By the Rev. James Lyall.] And this word : Yet once more signifietii, the re-1 moving of those things that are shaken, as if things | that are made, that those things which cannot he j shaken may remain.—Hebrews xii., 27. - The shaking of the earth spoken of in the previous verse refers to the phenomena which accompanied the giving of the law of the Ten Commandments at Sinai, when we read the mountain trembled and Moses said, "I ex ceedingly fear and quake." But there was another shaking which extended to the heavens as well as to the earth. The passage is a quo tation from Haggai ii., 0':—"Bor thus saith the Lord of hosts: Yet once more, it is a little while, and I will shake the heavens and the earth and the sea and the dry land, and the desire of all nations shall come." The giving of the law shook the earth. The giving of the gospel is to shake earth and heaven. The shaking began when Christ came ; it is going on now and it will continue till all those things which are only of a temporary character are removed, while those which are spiritual and eternal shall remain. Of the principle dealt with in the text we have an illustration in the case of the Old Testament dispensation. Its temples and priests and sacrifices were at the time this epistle was written ready to vanish away, and in the course of a few years afterwards they altogether disappeared. These things were appointed by God Himself, and while tbey continued they served an important purpose in educating the people of Israel and in pre paring the way for something better. It may seem strange that a ritual of divine appointment should be doomed to vanish; yet_ all that was real in that dispensation remained and was brought out in clearer form, not for the benefit of one small community alone, but for the ad vantage of all mankind. The daily sacrifice wss taken away, but tho great sacrifice which it was intended to foreshadow remains. There is no longer an earthly high priest, but the Lord Jesus Christ lias entered within the veil to appear in the presence of God for us. The Jewish temple has been destroyed, but now the true worshippers can worship the Bather in spirit and in truth anywhere—everywhere. The Jewish nation has ceased to be tho peculiar people of God, but there is a spiritual Israel, all of their priests engaged in offering spiritual sacrifices. All the great principles which were embodied in the Jewish dispensation continues and are brought out in fuller light and more glorious forms and suited to world-wide aceep tance_ in the- gospel of the grace of God. In fact it was necessary in order to the full establishment of Christianity with its clearer doctrines and wider horizon that the system which was only provisional in its character, and which from the necessity of the case was local and limited in its range, should be removed. That a great spiritual temple might be reared in which men of all_ nations might gather to worship the Bather, it was necessary that the old temple which, if not exclusively, was at all events mainly for the Jew, and in which the Gentile could not associate with him on equal terms, should be overthrown. The old order had to be changed that a now and better order might be introduced and might have free course. T'hu3 it ever is. The forms of things are ever undergoing change. But the great prin ciples which underlie the kingdom of God righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost—are unchangeable and everlasting. Changes have been going on ever since history began, and they are going on now. But there are things which cannot change. The truth and righteousness, the love and mercy of God, the real'blessedness now and for ever more of all whose hearts and wills are brought into harmony with Him. ; These are things which cannot be shaken and which amid all the concussions - of -. this earthly scene' will remain. Periods of .transition.; are always trying.' ; While the shaking is going on men's hearts fail them for fear.; They do not sufficiently recognise the great purpose which is running through the ages or the great principles which underlie the divine government; and while ;tho'- changes are in progress they feel as if everything were in confusion and > as-" if all were rushing onward to ruin. " Tt:has been the way all along,f that men have magnified the events which are transpiring around them' and have imagined that nothing ever hap pened like what is happening now. Whereas it may be that the things which are troubling them may be only tho means by which a deeper good is to be wrought out for society at large. There have been mighty changes in the past, which must have greatly perplexed and distressed the minds of those who were more immediately involved. Such empires as those of Nineveh, and Babylon, and Persia could not pass away without great confusion and even suffering. The vast Roman em {lire was shattered -to fragments, and the kingdoms of modern Europe which rose out of it have changed their dynasties, and constitutions, and boundaries over and over again, but who shall say that the state of the world' is not greatly better and that the prospects of society are not far brighter than they ever were before? The condition of Erance is surely better in every way than it was before the Revolution of 1789, terrible as was the i shaking which that gave to the country and to Europe as a whole. The principle of arbi trary power has received a death blow, and the right of every man to liberty of thought and action within reasonable limits is now generally recognised. i ; There can be no doubt that the .present is a time-.of Shaking .and that changes are in pro cess which are destined to exert an important influence upon human affairs. We. have recently passed through: a. severe financial crisis which'unsettled the minds; of .many, which caused stagnation in trade aud greatly swelled the ranks of theunem ployed. The re lations between employers .and employed" are often severely strained' and. ar'e ever ready to break out into conflict.'". The theories of socialism are now abroad, have taken: hold of •the minds, of multitudes . and are- challenging attention everywhere. -What: these theories, 'may ultimately lead to it is impossible to -say, but it is certain that ' for- some, time to come they will'be the questions of the day. Mean while the minds of peoplo generally ate in a state of unrest, and there a feeling of . alarm abroad as to what this shaking means, and what are the changes in our social and political life which will be evolved. Yet wa may take .comfort in the thought that the,_.Lord .reigneth, and, that although for the time being there may bo perr plexity and confusion, under His guidance, the great, principles of. righteousness shall remain and be more firmly established, ,that society as a whole shall be brought out into a larger place, and that the peace and goodwill of which the angels sang well nigh 19 centuries ago shall reign in the hearts of men. Nor is it only in social and political matters that great changes are going on. The religious world also is undergoing a severe shaking. The spirit of critical enquiry is abroad, and inves tigations of the most searching kind are going on as to the authorship and composition of the sacred books, especially those of the Old Testament. The forms in which theological truths have for centuries been arrayed are being examined, and it is probable that some of our modes of expression may have to be modified. Many good Christian people, eon founding the form of things with the reality, are trembling for the arlc. of God; but there is no occasion for alarm. The foundation of God standeth sure. 'The old forms may change, but the principles which underlie the gospel of Christ are unchangeable and ever lasting. - Truth has 110 cause to apprehend the most searching enquiry, for the more carefully she is examined her fair form will only be brought out to greater advantage. Some of the adventitious surroundings which have grown up around her in the course of ages, which are merely the result of time and speculation, and whiolr really form no essen tial part of her, may have to be removed, but the great essential verities cannot be shaken, and shall only stand out in bolder outline and in clearer light wtien those adventitious sur roundings are removed. There are deep down in the heart of man wherever he is to be found, under all forms of society and in all stages of civilisation, certain strong cravings which only the gospel of Christ can satisfy. There is the yearning after God, to know something about Him and to get into communion with Him. There is the cry of conscience when it feels the pangs of guilt and there is the cry of the heart that cannot bear, the thought of final separation from those it has loved here and that looks forward to reunion in the life beyond. These three things are to be found in the heart of mankind every where and they lie at the root of all religion — the yearning for God, the need of forgiveness, and the desire for im mortality. Under the influence of sinful indulgence and of worldly pleasure these things may be buried for a time, but they "are certain to reappear in the case of every soul of man. No' system of infidelity can ever reason them away. None of the speculations of socialism can touch them. None of the discoveries of the higher criticism can have any effect upon those great needs of the soul. Then over those great needs there are the great truths of the gospel which meet them—God revealed in the work of Jesos as the God of salvation, reconciling the world unto Himself and assuring us of an im mortal life. The old forms of Christian doc trine may have to be modified, but these great truths meeting these great needs and satisfy ing them as nothing else can must remain. Churches may rise and fall. Even churches planted by Apostolic hands and watered with! the blood of martyrs have vanished away, i Church organisations of the present day mav | perhaps be shaken, but the truth of God must stand for ever. It maybe painful to many good men to think of forms and usages which are venerable for their age and for their associa tions vanishing away. But may it not be that their removal may only prepare the way 1 for cleansing the Church from human accre tions and for the establishment of a wider and more comprehensive brotherhood ? Now let us enquire briefly what are some of the things which amid the changes that are before us are certain to remain and to which we should therefore give special prominence. The things connected with God's own nature —His truth and righteousness and love. What ever changes may take place in the social or theological world He remains the same. It is His prerogative to say, "I am the Lord. I change not." Monarchies may be overturned; the constitutions of modern society may be shaken to their foundations. Churches in their present form may pass away, but it must remain true for evermore. The Godis righteous and merciful and faithful to all His promises. He. is the moral governor of the universe, who loves righteousness and hates iniquity. He is the king of grace and is working salva tion in the midst of the earth. It would be a dreadful thing to have a world without a God. For our part we cannot understand how any man can entertain such an idea. . The marks of wisdom and goodness are' so impressed upon the frame of the world and upon the constitu tion of man that it seems the extremity of folly to call in question His existence and working. No doubt there are many of His ways which, to our limited vision, are mysterious.' Not withstanding we can perceive a great and in creasing purpose running through the ages. We can see that His power is ever working for righteousness. The., triumph of iniquity has ever been short; righteousness, however,_for a time,. it may be, under a cloud,_ is in the long run brought out into the light of noonday. There lias been a steady ad vance all through the history of mankind. The prin ciples of righteousness are more firmly eitab lished and more widely recognised than they were at any previous period, and although there is still much confusion and many thiugs which require to be put right the aims of men everywhere are in _ the direction of justice and there is a fairer prospect than there ever was before of the ultimate triumph of truth and brotherhood.^ Then in our individual lives we can often see that the things we thought, like Jacob, were all against us have really turned out for our good, not perhaps, in the way wo desired and expected, but in ways that were very real—in the deepening of our characters, in making us more simple, in withdrawing our affections from what was secular and temporary and in raising them to what is spiritual and eternal. Earthly care has become the means of heavenly discipline. Multitudes of the best men have been constrained to acknowledge that their times of trial have been times of blessing. The failure of earthly hopes has led them to set a higher estimate upon the un searchable and enduring riches. The disap pointment of earthly friendships has drawn them nearer to that Friend whosticketh closer than a brother. The loss of health has made them more concerned about the welfare of their souls. In many ways their sorest troubles have been the instruments of their greatest blessings. All these things point un mistakably to: a gracious Providence which directs and controls and overrules all for the accomplishment of high and holy and be nignant purposes. Our God is moreover the God of grade, who has revealed Himself in the person of His Son, and who in Him is reconciling the world unto Himself, not imputing unto men; their trespasses. That is one of the things which nature doe3 not and cannot teach, but it is a thing "which we may be certain amid all the changes of opinio.n cannot be shaken., If there be any meaning' in the manifestation of the Son of God' in human nature and in the fact of His death it means that Almighty God seeks man's love, that He desires to draw, him from sin, and that He is' ready to forgive the very chief of sinners. " God so loved the world " The blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth us from all sin." While the world shall stand that great truth so fraught with comfort to the heart of man is certain to re main. Wljat should we do without it ? Amid all! stages ."of..'civilisation, amid all forms of society, the fact of sin, ,is the same, and the conscience of man craves forgiveness and peace. Sometimes and for long theTihought of it may be repressed and no acknowledgment of it may be made, but it is ever there, latent in the soul and ifeady ar any moment to find forcible ex pression; and the only things' that can bring relief to the conscience when it makes its voice heard are repentance toward God and faith in our Lord Jesus'Christ. . : ' We are justified .therefore in saying that among the things which cannot be shaken are the things connected with God's own nature, His truth, righteousness, and love. Upon these we may rest our souls and build our hopes, assured that whatever may happen these must remain. II. The blessedness in this life of all who fear God and work righteousness. By blessed ness we do not mean • a continuous flow of worldly prosperity, for that is by no means essential. Many of those who have possessed most of this world's goods have been far from being happy, while many whose lives have been a continual feast-have not had a single foot of earth they could'call their own. Blessedness is not a thing dependent on our outward cir cumstances, but upon our qualities of mind and heart. It is a thing from which neither poverty nor sorrow can shut us out. Indeed our Saviour commenced His sermon on the mount by pronouncing blessings on the poor in spirit and on the mourners. All the qualities which He describes in the well-known beatitudes are qualities of mind and heart—meekness, purity of heart, mercifulness, the love of peace, _&c.; Such qualities are of the very essence of righ teousness, and are the direct result of the fear and love of God. These are inward principles which work silently within the soul, and which become manifest in the life. The person _ may occupy a very humble and- obscure position. He may be little known beyond his own im mediate circle, or if known he may be exposed to much opposition and even persecution, as has been the case with some of the best of .men ; but whatever his position lie is truly blessed. He---may not 'be able to say a great deal; : his . voice niay hover be heard in-pulpit'or on platform.: He may be poor so. far as his outward circumstances are con; cerhed ; yet he is truly-blessed, for his heart] and his will have ■ been brought into harmony with God, and some of that deep peace which fills the heart of God will flow into his soul.' That is something which is open to us all. We do not need to envy any man his posses- j sions. There is no occasion to fret that our position is not higher than it is. _Nor' should we' mourn unduly when for the time some of our comforts are.-withdrawn, for we may always have thok true riches, the riches of godly and righteous character.- / That is something which is certain to re main. Whatev.er else may be shaken, what ever changes may take place in the eoristitu-; fciou of-.society or in our personal circum stances, it must ever remain true that those who fear God and work righteousness are blessed. That is something of which we cannot be deprived. It .does hot depend on outward circumstances. Such blessedness is something that we can carry onward with us through life and onward through eternity. We may say, in the words of Doddridge— Then let the wildest storms arise, Let tempests mingle earth and skies; No fatal shipwreck shall we fear. But all our treasures with us bear. III. An immortality of holy blessedness for the good. That rests upon an indisputable fact—a fact more clearly established than any other fact in the whole history of mankind-^ the fact that Jesus Christ rose from the dead. That fact lies at the foundation of the Chris tian faith. It assures us of the validity of His claims, and it certifies us of the reality of another life, and of a life of glory and blessed ness. The human soul has a yearning for im-. mortality. • There are irregularities in the pre sent life which it feels will be redressed in the better life to come. It cannot moreover bear the idea that the friendships of earth, sud denly sundered as they often are, are broken for ever, and it clings to the hope that they may be renewed in another and a happier scene. Such yearnings have found expres sion among men of all ages and of all lands, and they are not without their value in an argument for the immortality of the soul. Eut tliey could never afiord certainty on the sub ject. For that we must turn to the . true sayings of God, and especially to the fact to which we have just alluded. What a world of comfort that doctrine has brought to innumerable hearts in seasons of sore distress. How it ha3 cheered the hearts of mourners when weeping over their dead, and has sustain'ed the spirit of many a saint in the hour of dissolution with the hope of a better resurrection. It was said regarding a saintly woman of the olden time that the crevice3 of the falling tabernacle only let the celestial lights shine in more clearly. The soul's dark cottage, shattered and decayed, Lets in new light through chinks that time has made. There is something within the soul that has ] entered into union with God which cannot die. While He lives it shall live also. The earthly I house of this tabernacle may be dissolved, but | upon its ruins there shall arise a nobler edifice, a house not made with hands, eternal in the I heavens. "I am the resurrection and the life," | saith the Lord, " he that believeth -on Me, though he die, yet shall he live, and whoso ever "liveth and believeth on Me shall never die." That is something which cannot be shaken, which, amid all changes of social life and of theological opinion, must remain, for the soul that is at one with God must live and live for evermore in a state of blessedness and glory- . These are some of the things which are certain to remain. Many changes are going on around us. Financial institutions which were supposed to be strong have been shaken. The foundations of society themselves are being shaken. The only things that are perma nent are the things whieh are spiritual and ; eternal—those things which are connected with God—His truth and righteousness and love for all of us. It will be the part of true wisdom to get connected with these, to become united -with God through faith in His Son. All else is only temporary, and is certain sooner or later to vanish away. But the soul that is reconciled to God has something which will endure for ever, which will Bustain him amidft thw . chances and changes of this mortal lifohiitk .. will light up for him the gloom of tl/alley of the shadow of death, and which wimalia him happy for ever in the presence of Q and the Lamb. 