The principal batter firms and manufactures o: N.S, Wales have issued a circular, dated t te 18th instant, which we are in receipt of protesting against thi attempt of the Minister £-r Agriculture, Mr. Sydney Smith, to force upon tbe butter producers a system of Govern ment jospection and grading which will, it is -contended, be calculated to do a great deal of harm instead of being of any service to them. la support of this view extracts are given of fie opinions of thoroughly representative men connected with the largest co-operative factories in. Victoria, showing that whatever views were once held by -Victorian producers they are now coming to sec that no system of Government interference with the commercial side of tbe industry can be of any vhIup, quite apart from the question of tbe public funds tUat'Vnay be worse thin uselessly expended in this direction. The action of the Legisla tive Council of Victoria in throwing out by 14 votes to 12 the Exported products Bill is referred to as further evidence of this change of feeling in Victor!*, as well as the pro ceeding! at the recent annual meeting of tde Dairyuien'd Associa'ionin Uelbouri-*,at which h resolution was passed thanking the Upper House for iu action in the matter. Tlio position in regard to this industry in Victoria, it must be borne in mind, however, is not quite on nil fours with what it is in New South Wale*. In the neighbouring colony the pol'cy of fostering growing in. dottries is adopted on a scale to which we bave made no pretensions in this freetmde colony, .of ours. The ^ooernment help which has been afforded to (he production of butter and other dairy produce has been highly beneficial, it is admitted, in setting these industries upon their legs, and us they have grown and become vigorous: they tuny feel themselves strong enough now to be able to kick away the props upon which they have leant and get along without them. This in fact has been the case with respect to thn State bonuses formerly given to the industry, which bave been done away with for ' Eome t me without injury to produci rs. But the b -nns system is 6till being applied to the balding up of new industries which are only 1 1 ibeir infancy, and the principle has not been abandoned in any way as a leading future of the Government policy. In this colony no such -aid is extended by t'ie Government — it smells too strongly of Protection — and the result Ims been that many new industries have languished and finally given up the ghost, whilst those con sidered to be well .established have been cruelly crushed out of existence by the tariff tinkeribgs to which the country has been s ihjeited. It is all very well, therefore, for o ir factory owners and butter companies in tiis colony, whose interests are not always ilentical with those of the producers — very fir from it, it has .been found at times — to get up and agitate against the departure which Air. Smith is making from the strict lines within which bis Government have been cir cumscribed by protesting against all State in terference with this trade and industry in toto ' as they are doing. Th» proposal for the Government grading of tbe butter exported may- perhaps be an unnecessary work and inadvisable, and so far the objections thereto oo the part of tbe Victorian dairymen and factory .runners may be adduced as a strong argument against tbe interference of the Government iu the direction proposed. Still the alleged unanimity of opinion in Victoria on this one point is quite beside tbe question of the benefits that have been con ferred upon the dairying industry of that colony by the helping hand which has been extended, and is still being extended to it by the Government, in the shape of direct railway communication with the shipping, providing cool storage, the regulation and minimisation of freights. &a; . to say nothing of tbe protec tion to producers at the custom bouse, which is still retained, and likely to be so. Of course this. matter, like many, others, all depends upon the point of view from which it is con sidered. What may be looked upon as a hindrance to trade in1 any article by those . * ha live by it may be found highlv beneficial to the producer of that article. It is the old story of the spider's cunning artifices to get the fly into his accommodating little parlour. The recent- L'lekoow -hoinb-tlirowiog outrage ttill remains a myitcty. Th« miners on atrike repudiate any complicity in the *tt'iir ait) b'atie the manage ineutfnr liaving caused ibeexpioalnniojerdertoalian ate public eyinpalhy from them.' The management, oo t he other band, «o -iiae I he el rikrn of oonimlUiog Uieoutntgeju order lo i;iiiniidai-tl)iefrce labourers at.'woik insjilethe liairicale and to acare any other \- infiieis frnriV accepting «)» termi offeie'l by Mr. bock*, Hothpattie* iiikist that they have every thing In lotee.uA uothlog to jt'in -by the perpetra ' Win ' of 'auch'- 6fn-ii.li work: It is Impowible, H(WevirY'9o get away .form tbe . face that ' rtie bomb' was (brown ? by - some ane. The aoggesltcm that tbe manager, of the mines would be guilty of *uA m repulsive crime cannot be cDtcrtaloed for a moment. Kveo if he were capable of jucb » daaUrdly deed, jeopardising as it did the lives of a number of men who were »l»ttdli}C nobly by him, the throwing of * dynamite Iwmb'ii altogether iDOobaUteot with the strenuous efforts he is pptting forth to -eou»» auffiolent men to work tbe Btfoes. la -eioaeratlDg Mr. Lock, tt do*s dot follow. Uiat tbe outrage iniusc neces sarily have been committed by the striken. But jLbttlt was committed by aome one from outilde ibere canopt possibly be any room for doubt. And jf is to be hoped in Iba foterestof the colony's good n«ma tl.ut 4l«* aH«-bn«a Mitt I*a IirAiiVrtit- frn tliftfr.lf** The bomb' at a factor In Industrial warfare ia an Instrument which is ^distinctly out of plaoe here. Slrikes are bad enough lo all ponaoieuo*, but itrikes plus dynamite bombs are' an infiiotfon and a . . deorada'ioD which all trueaona of. Australia may '.well pray to be saved from. It is therefore equally as much the duty of tbe Lupknow atrikan $m it Ti 'of the' Government lo the interest* of law «od order to aatlat in the clearing up of tbe nyftery, «b Jbat no shadow of suspicion stall r«at on tbe miner* «T Auatratfo ut vIms bavtsf *ny sympathy with aoarehbts and dyo«nuUrd«, 