Catholic Notes, Encyclical Letter for PCnteco&t;, •THE TA-TsMkUCffBi PBlMATESi." ABOlZBESdOPS, BI6H0PS; ANIJ-OTHEBLOCAI. OBDJHU&lfeB; HAVING PEACE AND COMMUNION WITH TBS HOST 8KB. (Continued.-) LEO xni., POPE. THE HOIT ftHOBT AND THE INCABNATlON. ..^Laving thus paid the due tribute of faithdndWorship owing to the Blessed Yr0iity7 ahdwHi&h; oughtto.bfe moreen d pb^i^culi;»:thd'u^nthe^fe^tSh weuowtmii to the . of ttrnfloly GhoSti And; firs^of -all, we att^ 'iobh to Chittt, the fodhder ot thd f^©" 9Ufed vf^o^^lhe is^rnaly^ opepa^np''flf Gtxi^Heih^hest of flilda tM Mystery >. of fKbdhiAkr&tibnof; thei WGrd; ih-*Wohttiie ^lendor of tlife divine perfections1 shihes forth to'.brightly tliat lioithingnioi^Bub lime: can everbe imagined, nothing elpe Ooold have been more' salutary to the ]&£$&£* ^ewhole'lh^^as st^ja^ro^ printed- especially' to . the H<^y . .Gho#t» sp thSfc'the k3§Bpel6 thusspeakof thelilessed "Vlrgifi i,'Shevfe&fbund; withthe'childof the fily Ghbst/r ehd " that which isconeeived Ifijt ik bh /the Holy Ghost/' {Matt.i., , 20Vi ASed this is rightly attributedto Him-who is! the love oftheiFutKerajicLthe ftntt Jaihee thb "greatmystery of > piety " f!%Mtiii,16) proceeds from the ihfinit© ieire Of God towaidS man, as St. John tells Up;: " Gbd so loved theworldas to giro Hfis bidy begotten Son" (Johniii.; 18). MofeoVcS1, human nature was thereby-ele^ val^tba£p«rsOnaJ Union with the Word* tluS.dignity is: given; not bn account of a^ -pieHtjSy but' entirely and: absolutely tHrd&igh; grab©; hnd therefore, aa^itwerb; tlfcf&h; tfie special gift of the Holy GhoBt. Gn'tluB point St. Augustine writes; " This mantiei1 in which Christ wasbornpf the Holy; $UoBt indicates to hs i the'grace, df Gb&by; which hiimhiiity, wfthnpantece dent merits, at the first moment of itsexis t^ce.wMi united with the Word Of God, by so intimate a personal unioh,that. He,' wnowas the Son of Man, waealsotheSon of God, And He, who was the Son of ; God wasalso the Son of ManJ''(FncJiir.,c.xL; St'..,Th'., 8a., q. xxxii.,'a. 1). By the bper tadh' btthe Holy Spirit, not only was the d&deption; of Christ accomplished; hut alsd the sanctiflcation of His sottl, which in J8m - Scripture r is called "anointing " /awferz.; 38). Wherefore; all His actions wbi&rf;'lfetfbrm:ed in the Holy Ghost" -(St. e tip'!'#., c. xvi), andespeoially the slof fiiniBelf::Ghrist/ throiigh' the ik., 14);? ConBiderihlthis, •^%gfe>hy»fjbe' sniprisedthatall thB^giffcB; of^eHolyGhostinundfltedtheBonlof caeious manner possible; in Him &prhuil;< thedabasures of wisdom and knowledge, iisft'j t&Tt.i.fyp-r; ' t't ??• ' ■!'. V* . V'-.-.f?'"" graces tjralii daJtae, virtnes andall other gifts foretold in the prophecies of Isaiss (l&iv.;l; xi.,2, 3) and alBO signified in the miraculous dove which .appeared at the Jotdatfy when ■ OhristV-by "His b'aptismy cob* spcratedits waters'for . a new sacrament. On this the' words of >£t: Augustine may ap propriately be iquoted: " It wbuld be absdrcl to say that Christ received the Holy Ghost when Hewas already thirty years of age, fob- He'came toHisbaptism without'sin, sndtherbfOre riotwithout the Holy GhOBt. Ab this tithey then (that is; at His baptism), he' was ploaisedtd prefigure His Church, in which those especially who are baptised re ceive the Holy Ghost" (De Trin. L,-xv.; C.26); Iherefore by the confepicuonB apparition of the Holy Gnost over Christ and by His in visibte power in His soul, the twofoid mls sion bf the Spirit ii foreshadowed, namely, His outward'and ' visible mission in the Church, -and His secret indwelling in the sodls Of the jnst. THE HOLT GHOST AND THE CHUBCH. The Church, which, already conceived, came/fprtli from the eidepf.;the second Adam in His sleep oh the Cross, first showed ,heraelf before the eyes, pf men. on the great way' of Pentecost. . Gntbat day tlie Holy .Ghosfc began to manifest His gifts in: the toystic body of Christ,1 by that hiirhculcms outpouring already foreseen by thfe piophet;; ^bel (ii:, 28-29); for the Para clOte" Sat upon the apostles as though '.hOir spiritual crowns were. placed upon their beads in tongues of ffte '' (S. Cyril HiOr. Cafech. 17); - •; fTKeh the apostles " descended ftffflthe mouhtaihi" as St. John ChrysostOm ^t^' *''fio%^^ring in their Bifidatables Of stohtf: like Moses/ but carrying the spirit-lb theft mind, And pouring forth the trhariri-O atid the fountain of 'doctrines and I* Horn: 1:; 2Cor;;iii., fi). Wa^fhlly aceomplished thbt'Iakt pro e bf;Christ to His apbstlesof pending the Hol^ Ghorij. wlio was tp complete Shd, is-ifi v&re;, 'to seal t .the deposit of. doctrine toimhittedto tbemundet His inspiration. haVe ylafc many things to'bay toyou, but yⅈ cannot beifttbemnow; butwhenHe, the- Spirit of . Truth, dhall CPinej He will teach yob all truth" (John xvi., 12-18). For/He who is the jSpftit Of i Truth, ihas Abfeh vae He proceOdOth both from the Father; :, who is the eternally True, and ftSMtt the Soii, yrho is the stibstantfil Truth, reifeitret)ii f rpbi each both; His" Wsence And tlSe fblhess vof all truth: ', This triith He communicates to His Chinch; guardikg her by His all-powerfi4helpfrom ever falling into error, and aiding her to foster daily more said mora -the'. ■gerihS ijiEjdivibe doc trine and to make-them fruitful for the welfareof the peoples. And since the wel fare o£: the peoples, for. which the Church was .established, absolutely requites that this office should be continued for all time, the Holy: Ghost perpetually supplies life and strength !to preserve and : increase the Church. I will ask the . Father, and. He mil give you another Fardclete, that He. may : abide with you forever, the Spirit of Truth " (Johhvxiv.j 16-17)J , -:By Him the Bishops ore constituted, and by, their ministry arb multiplied not. .only the children, but also the fathers—rthat is to. say, fchei JurieBts—to rule and feed the Churchhy that Blood wherewith I Christ has redeemed Her.: The Holy Ghost placed; yon bishops. to Tide the' Chuhhof Cod, whieh Helms purchased with His own blood" (Acts xx., 28). Ahd both bishops aiid< priests, by themiraeulous'gift of the Spirit, have the power of i absolving sihs, according to those words of Christ to the Apostles: "Receive ye the Holy Ghost: whose sins ye shall forgive they are for given them,' and whose you shall .retain they- are- retained" (John xx., 22^23). That the Church is :a divine institution is most clearly proved by the splendor end glory of those gifts and graces with, which she is adorned; and whose .author and giver is thB HolyGhost., Let: it suffice to state that, as Christ j is the jHead<^ the Ghurch, Bo is the Holy Ghost. her- eouL " What, the soul is . in our body that iis ithe Holy Ghost in Christ's body,'.the' Church " (8t.; Aug;, iSermi 187; HenTempi). ThiB being#o,no further and fuller. < "manifes tation 'and revelationcf the Divine Spirit" mayi be - imagined or expected',* for;:that1 whldhnow takeeplaoeiri foe Ghnrchiathe most'I perfeot; possible, and; will lastnntil that day when the Church herself, having MUtl Mil be taken up into-thejoy of the saints triumphing in heaven. THB HoiiT GB^T .^'VtOK jwUhS :^K>; ■■■'■: r. . /°8T. '-V The mannerand the extent of the action of the: Hply,. Ghost in .individual souls is no less Wonderful, although; somewhat , more difiicult to .understand, inasmuch as it is entirely invisible. This <mtpouriog pf the Spirit is so abundant, that Christ Himself, from whose : gifts, it proceeds, compares it than overfiowing river, according to those wprde of St. John"He that believeth in Me, as the Scripture saith* out; of his midst shall flow, drivers' of living water".; tO - which testimony/..the ; ^Evangelist adds the explanation:. " No w this He said of the the Spirit .which they .should receive; who believed in Ifim',;(Jobn '"i-i 38, .39) . It is infleed time thatin thoae-of the just who iived before Chtish the Holy Ghost resided by grace, as we. read in the jSoripture con cerning the .prophets Z^chary, John., the Baptist, Simeon*;, and Anna; so that;oh Pentecost the Holy Ghost, did not' com municate Himself in such a way "as then for the first time.to begin to dwell in the saints, but by pouring Himself forth more abundantly.;: crowning, not beginning His gifts; not commencing a new work, but giving more abundantly'.' (St.1:. Leo the Great,. Horn. iiL;de Penfec.),.: ButH they also were numbmed 'among the children of Gpd* they were in a .state like that ef ser vants, for " as long as the heir is a child he differeth nothing; from, a servant, but is under tutors and governors " (Gal,iv., i, 2) . Hoireoyer, not; only, was their justice de rived from the merits of Christ, who was. to come, but. the conununicatipn of the Holy Gpost after came wasmuen mope abundant, justas the price surpasses in value. the earnest and the reality . excels the image. Wherefore St. John declares: "As yet the Spirit was not given, .because Jesus, was got yet glorified" (John yU-» 39). So.sobn, therefore, as,Christ, ascending on high," entered into$^ssession of. the glory of .His Kingdom, whiph He had won with so much lM>or, He munificently opened out the treasures of the Holy Ghost: "He gave gifts to men " (Eph. iv., 8). For, " that giving or Bending fofth of the Holy Ghost after Christ's glorification/was to.be such aS Sil uSftefr bteh blfbny ^uot-tliat there had been none before,- but it had not been of-tbe.same kind" (St. Aug., De Trin.i 1. iv. c."ab)V i . . Human nature is by necessity the ser vant of God; " The creature is a servant; we arethe servants .of- God by nature" (St 'Cyr; Thesaur. 1. v., c. 5). On ac count, however, of original sin, our whole nature'' had -fallen into suph guilt .and dis^ honor that we had .become enenues to God. " W® w®w -by, nature.,.]the chUdran o f jvxath " (Bph. ii.,;3).. There was no power which could _ raise us and deliver us hp this ruin and eternal . destruction, hut God, the Creator pi mankind and infinitely rnerciful, did thip through Hjis only begot: tda Son. by, whose benefit it was brought aboiit t^at, man was restored to that, .rank and dignity, whence he had fallen, and was adorned with, .still more abundant grapes. Nb one can expreps the greatness of this wprkof divine .grace in the souls of men. Wherefore, both in Holy Scripture and in the writings of,the fathers, men are styled regenerated, hpwcreatures, partakers ofthe Divine Nature.children of God, god-like, and similar, epithets. •• Sow these great blessings are justly attributed as especially belonging;to the Holy Ghost. He is "the Spirit of adoption of soni,.whereby we cry s Abba, Father." He. fills our hearts with the sweetness of . paternal love: "The Spirit Himself glveth1 testimony to our spirit that -rie ate the Sons of God" (Rom. viii., 15-16). .This truth accords with the similitude observed by the Angelic Doctor between both operations of the Holy Ghost; for through Him " <5hrist~ was conceived in holiness to be. by nature the Sop otGod," and " others aire sahfctifibd to be rite Bohs of God by adoption " {-St»~Th. 3 a, q. xxxii., a. 1). This spiritual generation proceeds from love ih a much more noble manner' than the natural: namely, from the. un created Dove. , The beginnings of this regeneration and renovation of man are by Baptism, in thiB saoAmeht, when the unclean spirit has been expelled from the aoul, the. Holy Ghost enters, in and. makes it like'tp Him self. "That Which is born of the .Spirit, is spirit" (John iii?6). The .sampSpirit givefe Himself more abundantly in Confir mation, strengthening and confirming Cbristain life; from which proceeded the victory of. the martyrs and the triumphof the virgitts oyer temptations and connip tions. We, have said that the Holy Ghost gives himself: "the charity of God is poured out into our hearts by the Holy Ghost wh<j .is given to us" (Rom. v.,5)# For, He not only brings to us His divine gifts, but is Jtne Author of tbem and is Himself the supreme Gift, who, proceeding frbin the fiiutual love of the Father and Son, is justly believed to be and is called "Gift ; of God most High." ; To show the nature and efficacy of this gift it is well to recall the explanation given by the doctors of : the Church of the words of Holy SoriJ^ ture. They say that God is present and exists in alL things., " By His power, in so far as {til things are subject to His power , by His presence, inasmuch as all things are naked and; open to.His eyes; by His es sence, inasmuch as He is present to all as the cause of {their being'1 (St. Th. la,q. viii., a. _3): But God is in man, not only as in inanimate things, but because he is more fitily known.and loved by him, since, even by nature we spontaneously love, desire, and seek after the good. Moreover, God by grace resides in the justsoul asin a temple, in . a most intimate and peculiar manner. From this proceeds, that union of affection, by which the soul adheres more closely to God,,more so. than the friend is united to his most. loving and. beloved friend, and enjoys God in all. fulness and sweetness; Now this wonderful union, which, is pro: perly . called "indwelling'," differing only in degree,or state from that with which God beatifies the saints in heaven, although it is most certainly produced by the pre sence of the whole Blessed Trinity—" We wilicome/to Him and make our abode with Him " (John ?iv., 28)—nevertheless is at tribiitedina peculiar manner to the Holy Ghost.. For, whilst traces of divine power and' wisdom, appear even in the wicked man, charity, which, , as it were, is the special mark of the Holy Ghost, is shared in only by the just. In harmony with this; the same Spirit is. called Holy, for He the first .and supreme Love, moves souls arid leads them to sanctity, which ultiinabaiy consists in the love of God. Wherefpre Hie. apostle when cialling just the temple of God, does not expressly mention the Father, or the Son, but . the Holy Ghost: "ICnpw ye not that your members are the temple" of . the Holy Ghost, who is in yon, whom ye Have from God?" (i. Cor. vi., 19), The ftdnCss of diyine gifts is in many ways a consequencje of the indwelling of the HolyVGhopt in the souls of the just. For, as St., Thomas. teaches, " when the Holy pfhoist proceedethas loye, He proceedeth in the character of the first gift; whence th4t,"i4hteWgfc tth6-';gift irhieh "is:; the d Hely a iGfcteiy • Spanyi -other iftB -a?? $l$eM these giftsareth'&se; siCTtt #efemgs aafi' invitatlbnS, 'which' • firotatitoeto s time ,|ugkjested in, purmiude snfibtBarte iby^he irapi^tipn of, the $<>Jy ,Ghc«t..!;, .^ithout jwese^thereisnobegmiungjOf a,gm jlj», iSprogfr&ss;/ no amvittg' at eterhal ''SaTrfc \- And since these woMsAhd hdhibhi tions are uttered in the soul in an g&caed; . i&gly...flecret; manner,..Jihm.„arejftnietinuw aptly " compared in Holy "Writ to the breathing ;pf a cpmpad& hreesse, and the Angelic Doct&'iUrehe'them to the move ments of the heart which are wholly hid den inthe liking body. '"Thy heart has a oettain hidden power, and therefore the Holy Ghost, - who-invisibly vivifies and . suites the Church, is compared to the ■ heart;" . (Sunim.Th. 3a, q. vii., a. 1, ad 3). Mors than this, the just man,; that is to say, he who liyes thp life pf divine gtftce, pn4 acts by the fitting virtues as by means .■^f 'faculties, has need of those seven g\fts which are properly , attributed, to the Holy Ghost. By means of them the soul is fur nished, and strengthened sopsto be able "fo obey more easily and ptemptly His . voice and: impulse. Wherefore'tli^e gifts are of su'ch efficacy that they' leflifi the just mhn to;thehighest degree of sanctity; and of • such excellence that they cobtinue to exist even' in. heaven, though -ina. 'more perfect way.- By means of these gifts the soul is excited and \ encouraged is seek after and \- attain the evangelical beatitudes, which, like the flowers that come'' forth in the . springtime, are the sighs and harbingers of Cternal beatitude. Lastly there' are the blessed fruits enumerated by the: Apostle (Gal- y., :22), -whioh jthe Spirit, even in this mortal life, produces and phows forth in the ; fruits filled with, ail sweptness and ' |pyi inasmuchas they proceed, from the Spirit^ "who is.in the Trinity the; sweet ness of both father and'Son, filling all creatures with infinite' fulness and. pro ; fusion." (St. Aug.'dC Trin. 1; vi;, c; 9). The jfivine Spirit, proceeding from the Fattier £hd thOWord mtheeternallightofgahc tity; Himself both Love ana Gift, after having manifested Himself through the veils of figures; in the Old Testament, poured forth'all his fulness upon Christ . end upon His mystic Body, the Church; . fend called back by his presence and grace men who are gping away inwickednesa hnd corruption with such salutary effect that, being no longer of the earth earthy, they rejiishpd and desirefi quite other things, be coming of heaven heavenly.'' (To be continued.) 