? BY PETEH QUINCE. It is never safe to prophesy the result of a horsemen or to forecast the trend of public taste. Those clever people who deem themselves able to read the signs of the times in the playgoing world have made up their minds for some time past that the class of dramatic entertainment known as farcical comedy is dead and, so far as ainuseuient-seekers are concerned, irresurrectibly buried. If the first performance of "A Night Out" at the Princess' Theatre on Saturday evening can be taken as a criterion, the dramatic seers are as much astray in their vaticinations as the most confident sporting tout that ever tipped a stiff 'un. The house was packed from floor to ceiling. 'Die laughter commenced almost immediately after the rise of the curtain and continued incessantly throughout the progress of the play. In the second and third acts especially was the merriment uproarious, the audience literally shrieking at the various complications and situations, which were packed as close together as herrings in barrel or travellers in the smoking carriage of a last suburban train. If merit is to lie judged by the mirth created, " A Night Out ' is certainly deserving of the managerial announcement that it is the " brightest, funniest and most brilliantly "# successful # farcical comedy # of * the day. The piece is an adaptation, or rather a translation, from the French, and has not been subjected to that cleansing process which has hitherto been deemed necessary before presentation to the moral English palate. " A Night Out" appears to have escaped the quarantine of the English licenser of plays, and to have been allowed to pass without fumigation ; consequently it is about as outspoken as the most hi^h-class English—or French— problem-play. It deals, laughingly of course, but none the less suggestively, with marital relations and retaliations with all the freedom of " Francillon/'to which in some of the arguments and situations it bears a strong resemblance. It has the advantage of being carried on with siich a running accompaniment of laughter that its morality may be excused on the plea that the " young person " is too much engaged in explosive mirth to notice anything but the absurdity and the fun. There is, perhaps, something in this contention, for the manner in which old and young, gentle and lowlybom open their mouths and simply howled with laughter is against the supposition that there was any arriv e pen see existing in their minds. The plot is, of course, upon the lines of .50 per cent, of all farcial comedies, but the details connected with the frolicking night's adventures of the truant husband are more numerous and elaborate than usual Joseph Pinglet is a small man with a large wife, and, contrary to the experience of real life, he allows himself to be henpecked. He has a friend, Henry Paillard, who is the possessor of a spouse, large like Mrs. Pins-let but, unlike her, remarkably good- looking, Toslnh belies his biblical name and casts an eye of naughty affection on Mrs. Paillard. The latter is unreasonably jealous of her husband, and Joseph does all he can to foment this jealousy with a view to being the pretty woman's consoler, Bv means of an ingeniously-worked-out series of amusing circumstances it is arranged that Joseph shall take Mrs PaiUard on the quiet to the theatre and have a private supper with her at a restaurant afterwards Mrs. Joseph is called away to see her sick sister and by way of ensuring her husband's safetv from mischief or temptation, locks him in their apartments. Love, lawful or illicit, laughs at locksmiths, and Joseph manages to make his escape through the window and go to Paris with Mrs Paillard. The theatrical portion of the programme is carried out as projected, but the supper is a dismal jtaseo, arising primarily from the dissipated Joseph having rashly ventured to impress hislady love by smoking half a cigar. He is taken ill and the adventures which follow make Airs Paillard begin to regret her night out before it is half over. To complicate matters and add to the confusion of the truants, Mr. Paillard, who is an architect, comes to the restaurant professionally to stay the night there for the purpose of finding out the real cause of alleged ghosts who have been terrifying the establishment. By another coincidence a mutual friend arrives from the country with his four young daughters, and these occupy the supposed haunted rooms. During the night the girls have a frolic in their night-dresses and "play at ghosts." The household is alarmed, and one of the wildest and most funnily absurd " circusses " imaginable takes place. It is a nightmare of boisterous fun, and when the act- drop falls the audience is thankful for the respite from screaming hilarity. The night ends up with a general arrest by the police, and the third act continues the series of complication;). Mrs. Joseph has met with an accident on her way to her sister's, all the visitors to the restaurant are more or less battered, and Joseph's residence on the morning afterwards is more like a comic hospital than anything else. The escapade of the night is made by a conjunction of bewildering circumstances to appear to be that of Mrs. Pinglet and Mr. Paillard, and that innocent couple are confronted with such evidences of their guilt that they " dunno where they are," and begin to imagine themselves lunatics. At length, however, the blame is shunted on to a third couple, and the piece is straightened out by general reconciliation, the gay Joseph and his lady-love keeping their secret and, presumedly, being sufficiently punished by their awful experiences of a night out. About Mr. Harry Paulton (Joseph Pinglet), who made his first appearance in Australia, there cannot be two opinions. He is a comedian of the very first rank. Short of stature, and with a most comically-expressive'tace, he looks very like Mr. Win. Elton. His style, however, is somewhat quieter and more finished than Elton's, for, though, like all low comedians, he plays a good deal to the audience, he does so only in aside glances, and carries on dialogue and action in the most natural yet most earnest and mirth-provoking fashion. From the moment of his entrance the laughter of the audience began, and continued all the time he was on the stage. As he is scarcely ever off it, the reader can understand that the merriment was continuous. Colonial audiences take English reputations with a grain of salt since they have seen one or two visitors whose previous testimonials rather overrated their abilities, but Mr. Paulton fully justifies his high reputation; indeed, it would scarcely be possible to overrate his powers as a comedian. No English actor that we have had here ever took his audience so completely by storm or achieved a success so great and so genuine. One admirable feature about his acting is that all his effects are gained without any descent into vulgarity, the opportunities for which in this piece would probably prove irresistible to a less talented comedian. The public verdict upon Mr. Paulton's powers was not merely favourable, it was unanimously enthusiastic, * * * . Miss Alma Stanley, who played Mrs. Paillard. is a lady with a fine stage presence and very considerable personal attractions. She is in addition, possessed of high comedy powers, and played the too-exacting wife with keen appreciation of its humour. Her quiet actions m laughingly and unobtrusively checking the exuberant Joseph had much to do with taking away the flavour of suggestiveness which hangs round the escapade, Miss Stanley shared with Mr. Paulton the honours of the evening, and at the close of the second act was presented with a large number of handsome floral tributes. Miss Louie Stafford, who also made a first appearance here, is also a very attractive young lady, and played Victorine, Pinglet s niece, in a pleasantly-natural and taking manner. The other newcomer was Mr. Ernest Shand, who quickly proved himself an eccentric comedian ot the most amusing kind. As the father of the tour daughters, Matthieu, he made up m a fearfully and wonderfully-ludicrous manner, and whether as the man who stutters when there is rain in the air, or the glib talker when the weather is tine, he kept the risible nerves of the audience at high tension. He made a very palpable hit. # * » * The local contingent kept up its end of the log splendidly. Mrs. Edouin Bryer was capital as the shrewish wife whose spirit is afterwards broken up by the overwhelming evidence brought against her. Mrs. Bryer has had a long and varied experience, but she has done nothing better than her representation of Mrs. Joseph Pinglet. Miss Cassellis, Clifton, M'Rae and Carrie Moore were childishly tod appropriately effusive as the four daughters, and Miss Lucy Cobb as " A Lady " played the little scene allotted to her creditably. Mr. Cecil Ward as Paillard, Mr. Hans PJiillips as his nephew Mr Bathurst as th* Sergomt of Police and Mr. Denham as a dude from the theatre^all acquitted themselves well; whilst Mr. Albert Whelan contrived to give mdiyiduaUty to the part of the waiter at the restaurant ^wo excellent little cliaracter sketches were tbpfie of an Italian teacher by Mr. E Lester, and a French waiter by Mr. Cambourne, both p^s being well made up and played tor an tnat wiey were wortn. Mr. Cambourne is esrecially to be complimented The play went on velvet and, judging by its initial success, should hold the boards for some time to IT all happened so suddenly on Saturday night in the crowd coining out of the Princess' Theatre that the perpetrator of the dastardly act was al^wed^o^es^p^in tlve confusion?" Two apparently respectable individuals were in the stream from the stalls when one was heard to say, " What do you think of the new comedian?" "Splendid," replied his companion, " but his name is a terrible mis nomer." "How so ?" inquired the confederate. "Because, although he was on the stage nearly all the time, he never once paulton the audience." Mr. Geoige Tallis, who was standing by, gave one loud shriek of agony, and was taken to the hospital in convulsions. THE Theatre Royal is still drawing its crowds to witness the phenomenally successful spectacular drama, "In Sght of St. Paul's." Apart from the interest in the play as an absorbing Talma Photo ? On the conclusion of the Bland Holt season the Theatre Royal vill be occupied by the Flying Jordans' Company, which has created such a furore in Sydney, and which is said to |ie the most wonderful combination of variety artists that lias ever visited Australia. The wire-walking, or rather dancing, and the feats of the five Jordans, are all done high upi over the audience, and are the most thrilling imaginable. The combination is strong in • pretty, graceful women, and the comedians have styles of their own which show them to be expert conjurors as well as funny men. Mr. James Howard, one of the comedians, in addition to his gags, songs and dances, has an extraordinarily funny and inexplicable "watch trick." He attempts to light a cigar, and as he strikes match after match and proceeds to illuminate, the vesta behaves in a manner worthy of the Flying Jordans themselves. The bright particular star in the funny line is, however, Mr. John J. Burke, who is a whole evening's amusement in himself. He simply does what he likes with his audience, and they retaliate by doing what they like with him, for he has to submit to no less than ten encores each night. Mr. Melville Stoltz is the organiser and director of the combination, and Mr. Ernest Blackstone the business manager. The Plying Jordans will conclude their Sydney season next Saturday night. After playing at Newcastle and Brisbais;' they come on to Melbourne, opening at the 'J heatre Royal on 24th July. THE Bijou Theatre is not to remain Ion - closed as it will be reopened next Saturday evening by Miss Elsie Adair and her New York Vii>"leviHe Company. Miss Adair is known as J. J iult Robl. Lascelles & Co., "The Block," 102 Elizabeth=st. MR. ERNEST SHAND, " A Nigbt Oat' at the PriuceBB 1 Theatre. Talma Photo, MISS ROSE MUSGROVE.l As Marie in " Lelamine." Talma Photo. FaWc Photo. MISS MINNA PrincieB' Theatre. PHILLIPS, MISS ALMA Princess' Theatre. STANLEY, Araericanie and has an established reputation for her dance creations, amongst which are those known as Toreador, Dreams, The Firmament, Ayesha, The Lily and La Nuit. Some idea of the l.ovelty and elaboration of these may be gathered from the fact that the company carries •with it an eloofcric installation of 40,000 candle power for the illumination of these dances, enabling the operator to throw about 100 different hues and colours at the same moment on tlie dress of Miss Adair, which is made of 500 yards of silk. La Belle Amencaine has produced these dances for two and a-half consecutive years in New York, and is now on a tour of the world, liaving played throughout Japan, China, Siam and India. Her company includes Mr. H. J. Einmett, who ifs described as a marvellously-clever singing-ventriloquist and musical humorist; M<file. Yivienne Dagmar, an eccentric French singer ; Mr. Percy Clifton, comedian; Mr. Walter Vanderlip, Miss Hoffman, Miss Marion Heath, Miss Tilly Jardyne and two Liliputian artists, Miss Florence and Master Earl. The evening's enterrainment will be a variety one, concluding each ni^ht with farce-comedy by the author of " A Trip to°Chinatown." A. full and efficient orchestra has been engaged. . THE present programme of the Tivoli Minstrels R HIP Onera House maintains the high standard variety and excellence which has been set up al this place of amusement since Mr. Harry jlickards took up management there. The newtimers Miss Edie and Messrs. Frank and Arthur C S bave created quite a sensation^ by their Extraordinary (.'xuaoiuiiiai-j giwuc grotesque farce, entitled "Fun on H > ,• • - <•„„ Island" As a Bpecnnen of confer ornst fun !ind the wildest of legmania, it s ""esis iWy amusing and mirth-provoking. It is mysterious, ^I^fff fi,^ too, the ;he mystery on the part of the aujencebei^ that the Hay tors do not fall to pieces and break themselves some night. Mr. Pat Melton's items are as well received as ever, and the whole pro gramme received with, unstinted applause. ~ MR. HARBY FURNISS bad a most flattering reception on the occasion of his first Antipodean appearance, which occurred at the Athenseum Hall Saturday night last. There was a splendid audience, the floor of the great hall being packed, Mr. Furniss is known to most of us by reputation as a London - Punch " contributor of many years' standing Personally he is a short gentleman with an aggressive embonpoint, but tapering suddenly both ways, to the toes and to the head, which gives him the pert appearance of a sparrow that has dined well and is at peace with the world. Mr. Furniss is bright and breezy as a lecturer, and considering that in handling such a theme as the British Parliament he must necessarily give us much " old rope," he was highly interesting for a very brief 100 minutes. " Lika Joko/' like most humorists, is happiest when he trusts mainly to his prolific fancy. Mark Twain declares he is always best when dealing with matters of which he is utterly ignorant, because then his exuberant imagination is unfettered. So with most creative comic men. Mr. Furniss* pictures are the least interesting when they approach nearly to fact, and are highly edifying when wnen his tus iancy fancy runs riot, rioD, as in m tbe case of the contrast between the god-like gentleman who might have uttered certain highfahitin' sentimentsandthesmall, smug, pug- nose^, wheezing M.P. who did utter them. In extravagant caricature, as in the Gladstone series, Furniss scores heavily. His talk is chipper, with at times a nutty flavour, as might be expected from aman for a quarter of a cantury and more joke-digger ;uid wheeze purveyor to the London Charivari. PACKED houses, afternoon and evening, marked the anniversary of Her Majesty's birthday at the Waxworks, and the place has been fairly crowded since, and no wonder, for with the numerous attractions there, consisting of the endless groups of figures, the prodigies of nature, the Giant Sisters, the Glassblowers, Professor Lacey, the ventriloquist and sleight-of-hand artist, the singular capriccio, the black man turned white, the interesting work of patience and skill, the model working rail way—there is variety enough nd to spun;. Mr. E. Havgartli continues to ffectively preside at the pianoforte. KVERVHODY, at any rate every playgoer, has heard of " Mtidame Sans-Gene." We are likely to hear still more of it now that it lias been transated into English for Miss Ellen Terry, and ecome the vogue since its brilliantly successful roduction at the London Lyceum last month, Although the title is so well-known here, very few know the story. Briefly it is this: Extending over three acts and a prologue, the plot begins in the laundry of Madame Sans-Gene, which is the nickname for Catherine, a laundress who takes in and does for the linen of, amongst others, a young officer named Napoleon Buonaparte, and a revolutionist named Fouche. ' A sergeant of the National Guard, Lefebvre, wishes to marry the pretty washerwoman. When the scone opens it is the day of the taking of the Tuileries, and the exciteinent and commotion of the populace is visible through the windows of the laundry. De Neipperg, an Austrian who has been wounded, seeks refuge in Madame Sans-Gene's house, find she conceals him in her bedroom. This causes some very natural jealousy on the part of the sergeant, but tbe wheedling young washerwoman talks her fiance over, and persuades him to rescue the hapless Austrian. ,\ An n linterval f v l i l <" of nineteen years is supposed to elapse between this prologue and the play proper, when the first act finds Madame Sans-Gene, tbe ex-blanchisseuse, ex-oM^seu.^, transformed into a Duchess, whose . j S " * - * " g ^ ^ — J ^ Marshal to divorce ^ his ^ wife. This free UUl and ^ easyand arrayed 8 ^ gbe ^ tl T„ honesty and candour of lier nature. In the second • * Napoleon is shown bullving his wife ^ ^ for their squabbles, when Madame Sans- Gene, whom he has summoned to appear before him, enters, and the great scene of the play takes place. She frankly admits that she has'-been a washerwoman, and later that she was a viwndiere in his own army. Finally she presents to the Emperor a bill for three napoleons for his washing which the great man had left unpaid. As it happens, he has not the money m his imperial pocket, and f o e h anobto it a new complication arises by the diSLOvery of De Neipperg W-,™^ on the fl» private stair. «fa..,r As As he hfi had that day been banished to Austria for his attentions to the Empress, he is seized and condemned to be shot at daybreak, * The last act is devoted to the efforts of Madame Sans-Gene to save De Neipperg, and she is eventually successful, for Napoleon obtains a letter her Neatest effort in comedy, excelling even her do. HI# make-up is said io be wonderful for a man who naturally "Assesses a physique the reverse of that of the Little Corporal. It is probable that we may ere long see the English version of "Madame Sans-Gene" in Melbourne. . ETHEL APPLLTOV, Tbtatre Ko\al. 