[?] [?] STARTING PRICES OF YESTERDAYS j WINNERS AT ROSE HILL. Gbanville Stakes. — Discord, 6 to 1 against. Nursery Handicap.— Amourette, 12 to 1 against. Rosehill Cup. — Kelso, 20 to 1 against. Jubilee Handicap. — Shaughraun, 5 to 1 against. Victoria Mxle. — Cromaboo, 8 to 1 against. The perils of travelling racehorses by train were further illustrated yesterday by an accident to Moorefield. The horse was being conveyed from Kogarah in a box with Linnet, and 011 approaching the Eveleigh station was knocked off his feet by the sadden joltiug of the box as the train pnlled np. Tbe horse got one of his feat caught in tbe flooring, and knocked himself about a great deal in trying to get free. Messrs. R. O'Connor and H. Roarty were in the bos, and had all they could do to keep Moorefield's head down until the train reached Redfern and they could get assistauce. He was got out in a sorry plight, ? covered in blood, the cap of ono of his hips having been knocked off, and the sinews aud flesh being torn on both hind legs from the coronets, upwards. The horse was sent to Mr. J. Stewart, V.S., for treatment, but he is so muoh knocked about that it is hard to say whether he can be patched up again. The accident is more annoying to the owner be cause Moorefield's chance of winning tbe Rose hill Cup was deemed a first-class one. In addi tion .£1000 of the sweep money had been laid to him, with liberal allowances for second or third place also, so that the mishap was rather a serious affair for Mr. O'Connor. A protest was entered at Rosehill yesterday by the owner of Projectile against (Shaugh raun, after the latter had won the Jubilee Handicap, for interference. The stewards, after giving the matter due consideration, dismissed the protest. There was plenty of betting done at Rose hill yesterday, almost, if not quite, as muoh as ever. Most of it was not for cash, but cash was taken pretty freely nevertheless. Plain clothes police were engaged in looking for cases during the day, and no doubt a number of summonses will be issued as a result. By all appearances bookmakers regard the chance of another fine as only part of a day's expenses. j The ticket representing Moorefield in Tattersall's sweep on the Rosehill Cup was drawn by four persons not too well off, but who decided upon being very liberal to tbe horse's owner. They laid him nearly half of the first, second or third prizes, aud after being assured that the horse had an excellent k chance, one of tho partners had the galling experience of seeing the horse dragged out of the tram a hopeless wreck, as far as his Rose hill prospects were concerned, at the Redfern station. There was a good deal of sweep money laid to owners of other horses yester day, which no doubt accounted iu a great meascre for the size of the Cup field. Mr. W. W. Naughton's famous American letter will appear in next Wednesday's issue of the Repkrre. The scratchiugs for Tattersall's Meeting notified are Skylark, Motto, aud Superior, for all engagements. Forfeits for the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race and Steeplechase must be de c.ared by 4 pjn. to-morrow (Monday). There was no play in Tattersall's Club Billiard Tournameut last night. The games will be resumed next Weduesday night. Dora yesterday won the Cambria Plate at Caulfield, carrying 9st 21b. She beat two other ex-Syduey horses for places — Lady Loch and Beau Brummel. Mr. S. G. Cook has evidently got Dora in her best form. The Rosehill Cup field was very nearly a record. In England there were 44s starters in a race won by Croagh Patrick. The Caulfield„ Cnp field totalled 41 when Grace Darling won, aud there were 42 starters iu a race at Caul field won by The Ghost in 188i. Magsmen and pickpockets were very busy at the Rosehill races yesterday. When the special trains were leaving the racecourse and people wero crowding to get on the oars, several people were lifted off their feet in the orthodox style, and their pockets rifled. This was done in the most barefaced manner, some of tho operators being described as reoent arrivals from Melbourne. 