ORIGINAL POETRY. THE CAPTIVE KING. In recognition of its merit, we re-publish from the Christmas number of the WESTERN MAIL the following poem by Mr. E. Newton McCulloch : I lie awake and watch the shining stars Muster and march and wheel across the skies, While idle zephyrs sing around the bars Of this dark dungeon J and my swift, mind flies ' ' Back to those younger years in far-off climes. Where I was once a King and held a Court. ( I hear the clear and mellow breeze-borne chimes Falling across the tide from ships in port That softly swing upon the silent sea, And all the wondrous beauty of the night Speaks to my soul and lays a spell on me To charm away my sorrows with its N might. Then Sleep spreads over me his rainbow wing, And all my grief is gone, for I am King ! Again in dreams I reign among the dead, Who live and move by night, but die at morn. a . ' I feel a phantom crown upon my head, And wear the royal robes I once have worn ; A shadowy sceptre grasp within my hand To sway a world of shadows and dim ghosts Or sheathed in steel, with helmet, shield, and brand, I Lead on to lofty wars my long-dead hosts ; And all my famous Kingship lives anew. Bright with its oldest splendour, and I stand i Regal among old subjects, tried and true Leader of Men and Monarch of the Land' . ' And loud and long the brazen trumpet screams Tile honour of my name-the King of Dreams ! But, as the first grey shade of Dawn appears, My sword is snapped, my crown is wrenched away, My banners wave no longer, and the spears Sink to the ground, and all the proud array Of prince, and knight, and soldier blues and fades And passes into air. Then Silence comes, Like some white winter mist in leafless glades, Upon the phantom fields that Fancy spread Before my vision; and the stately comes Wherein I held my Court have vanished, And gone are pride and glory, pomp and power, For Day leads Memory back into my cell To sit with me from weary hour to hour, Till Night shall come again to cast her spell, Or till the Silent King shall send for me And set the King of Dreams for ever free. E. NEWTON MCCULLOCH. Perth, November 1, 1897. 