i ?AMODBBN/EDEN.' I CHAPTER XVn. ' ' I am glad you like my home. It ?will always have an added charm . in my eyes since Mrs. Lynn has ? ' deigned to praise it,' Herbert answered, gallantly. She thanked him almost mock-, ingly, and then their conversation turned upon the safe ground of generalities — upon art, and books, and foreign travel, 'where both ?were at home. Mrs. Castlemaine gave her atten tion to Mr. Ford and the child. She had drawn little Laurence to a seat by her side, and was showing him some engravings. She could not keep her fascinated eyes from the beautiful, spirited, boyish face, that bore such a striking resem blance to that of her own son. Mr. Ford watched her closely, and he saw that her heart had gone out to the child, and that she was trying : - to win his love in return. He looked on approvingly, longing, in the depths of his unselfish heart, for a reconciliation between the long-parted husband and wife. ? Mr. Castlemaine, rising at that moment, said, quietly looking at his mother — ' I am taking Mrs. Lynn to the library, mother, to show her a book ?we have been discussing, if you and Mr. Ford will excuse us ?' ' Certainly,' both answered, in a * breath. And they went away, followed by Mrs. Castlemaine's startled glance. ' Your neice is very beautiful,' she said; turning back, after a moment, to Mr. Ford. ' Has she long been a widow ?' ' Seven years,' he answered. ' Then the child has never known his father ?'? she said, with a light, pitying touch of her ringed white hand on the boy's dark clustering curls. ' No — much to the lad's regret,' said Mr. Ford. ' I daresay you have acted a father's part by the fatherless one ?' Bhe remarked, turning her grave, questioning eyes on his face. It seemed as if she was fascinated by little Laurence. She could not keep her eyes nor her thoughts from him. ' Since I have known him — yes,' 1 Mr. Ford answered. ' But, though his . mother is my own sister's child, Mrs. Castlemaine, I never met her, never knew of her existence, till she was a widow with a son three years old.' She looked. the curiosity she wss too well-bred to express in words. ' Do you care to know the reason why ?' asked Mr. Ford. ' I confess you have aroused my curiosity, she replied, with a smile. ' Then I will tell you,' he said. ' When I was quite a lad I ran away to Australia; seized with a gold-fevor then very prevalent. After years of ill-luck, sickness, and misfortune, I struck a bonanza. I was an old man then, and my heart yearned for the home and the friends of my youth. I came home, determined to share my wealth and prosperity with them, but all were dead — mother, father, and even the toddling little sister I had loved so dearly. She had married, and died in a short time after, leaving one daughter, whom If oundit impossible to trace. Several years later I dis covered my missing niece, by a for tunate accident, in the brilliant novelist, Mrs. Lynn. ' She is very young to have achieved fame in the literary werld,' said the lady. 'The result of necessity, my dear madam,' Mr. Ford replied. 'Los- ing her husband before the birth of her son, my niece, scarcely more than a child herself then, was thrown upon her own resources for support. She became a writer, and, most fortunately for the sake of the little, helpless being dependent upon her care, she succeeded where the many fail,' he ended, leaving Mrs. Castlemaine's unspoken curio sity on the subject of Mrs. Lynn, even greater than before, through his meagre explanation. # * # # Mr. Castlemaine led his beauti ful guest to the library, and placed a chair beside the table where he usually sat to read. Laurel sat silently a moment with averted face. She was fighting down her heart, thrusting back the memories that would arise like pallid ghosts from the dead past. Here in this room — nay, in this very chair where she was sitting— he had wooed her for his wife. She could be cold and proud in the grand drawing-room. It was there that he had put her away from him, there that he had spoken the cruel, angiy words that sundered 'their.hearts and lives for ever. The memory of . that night and that scene hardened her heart to her unforgiving husband, and helped her to be cold and careless. Here it I was all different. This quiet retreat was hallowed by some of the sweetest moments of her life. She looked about for something to divert ner attention, and saw just at her hand, lying on the table a volume elegantly bound in crim son and gold. She took it in her hand and read aloud the gold let tered title on the back, 'Laurel Blossoms*' ' Laurel Blossoms !' she repeated an d turned to the title-page. With widening eyes and a swift color, that went and came from white to red and from red to white, she read ' By Laurence Vane.' Herbert had drawn a chair near her. He spoke to her in a calm, carefully modulated voice, that went far toward restoring her shattered equanimity. ' That is acollectionof tales and essays, Mrs. Lynn, arranged by my self for publication. The author is long Bince dead. He was my wife's father.' ' Yes,' she murmured, . turning the precious pages slowly with her trembling hands, her eyes down cast, and bravely keeping back their threatening tears ' Perhaps someone has told you the romantic story of my marriage, Mrs. Lynn?' he said watching the fair drooping face with earnest eyes. She shook her head : she would not trust herself to speak. ' No ?' he said. ' Then perhaps I will tell you some day myself. You love romance and tragedy, I infer, from your books. My mar riage had the elements of both in it.' She bowed again silently. It was quite impossible for her to utter a word just then ; but she said to herself, with a sort of passionate disdain, that he was very daring indeed to speak to her of his marriage — to her, of all women in the world. He went on in his quiet, musical tones — ' Laurence Vane was a genius, but, like many another gifted spirit, he smirched the glorious talents given him in the degradation of strong drink. He loved pleasure better than fame. But for his weakness and his madness he would have made a name that must have gone ringing down the ages.' She was silent steeling her heart to the sweetness of those .words of praise. She remembered that strong sweet voice that praised Laurence Vane for his genius now, denounc ing and scorning her that night, long years ago, as a drunken journalist's daughter.' .. 'When my wife died, seven years ago,' he went on, ' I made it my duty and my pleasure to gather her father's miscellaneous pcems from the journals and magazines wherethey were scattered and publish them in one volume that they might be rescued from oblivion and preserved for the pleasure of his admirers. The book had a great sale. It was very popular. Have you ever seen it before, Mrs. Lynn ?' Again she shook her head in silence. . ? ' Then let me beg jour accept ance of this copy. I should like you to read it. I assure you it will repay perusal. You may wonder at its fanciful name. ^ My dead young wife was called Laurel. Is it not a sweet name ?. In memory of her I called it ' Laurel Blossoms.' ' Would he never have done speak ing? A strange softness was Btealing over her heart that frightened her. No other atone ment on earth could have touched and moved her like this one. It was what she could have wished most upon earth — to have her father's brilliant poems collected into this beautiful volume, and yet she had never thought of doing it herself. A pang - of self-reproach pierced her heart. All this while he was waiting for an answer. What must he think of her strange silence ? With a great effort she lifted her eyes to his face and said, ia tones ringing with latent sarcasm and in credulity — ' You must have loved your wife very dearly.Mr. Castlemaine ?' 'More than I knew,'he answered, simply, and the tone even more than the words betrayed the burden of remorse and sorrow his heart had borne f er years. She rose abruptly with the prec iouB volume of her father's writings clasped tightly in her hands. She was afraid to stay longer — afraid of that sweet and subtle pity that thrilled her woman's heart. ' I have made too long a call for a first visit,' she said. ' Another time will do for the books of which we spoke. The ' Laurel Blossoms' made me forget.' ' You have forgotten the flowers I promised to show vou,' too,' he said. 'Let me take you to the garden now.' ' Some othertime. Imustreally go now,' the said, feeling that for this one day she had already borne all that she could bear. He did not urge the point. Perhaps the trial was as hard for her. .' . ? '?' Will yon drive with me to morrow ?' he asked, as he touched her hand at parting. ' There are some beautiful views in this vicinity that I should like to have the plea sure of showing you. ' Yes, I will go,' she answered, h astily, unable to deny herself the blended bliss and pain of his com panionship, even while she despised herself for what she disdainfully termed to herself her woman's -weakness. - ? (To be Continued.) 