THE STORYTELLEB The Three Partners ; or, the Big Strike on Heavy Tree Hill. By Bret Haute. PART T. PROLOGUE. The sun wis going down on the Black Spur Range. The rod light it had kindled was still eating its way along the serried crest, showing through gaps in the ranks of pines, etching out the interstices of broken boughs, fading away and then flashing suddenly out again like sparks in burnt-up paper. Then the night wind swept down the whole mountain side, and began its usual struggle with the shadows up-cli Jibing from the valley, only to lose itself m the end and be absorbed in the all- conquering daikness. Yet for som« time the pines on the long slope of Heavy Tree Hill murmured and protested with swaying arms : but as the shadows stole upwards, and cabin after cabin and tunnel after tunnel were swallowed up, a complete silence followed. Only the sky remained visible — a vast concave mirror of dull steel, in which the stars did not seem to be set, but only reflected. A single cabin door ou the crest of Heavy Tree Hill had remained open to the wind and dark ness. Then it was slowly shut by an invisible figure — afterwards revealed by the embers of the fire it was stirring. At first only thi6 figure brooding over the hearth was shown, but as the flames leaped up, two other figures could be seen sitting' motionless before it. When the door was shut, they acknowledged that interruption by Blightly changing their position ; the one who had risen to shut the door sank back into an invisible seat, but the attitude of each man was one of profound reflection or reserve, ' and apparently upon some common subject which made them respect each other's silence. However, this was at last broken by a laugh. It was a boyish laugh, and came from the youngest of the party. The two others turned their profiles and glanced inquiringly towards him, but did not speak. 44 I was thinking,' he began in apologetic explanation, ' how mighty queer it was that while we were working like niggers on grub wage.°, without the ghost of a chance of making a strike, how we used to sit here, night after [Copyright, lS9r, in the United Sta'.e; of America, bv Bret Harte.] night, and flapdoodle and speculate about what we'd do if we ever did make -me ; and unw, groat Scott, that we have made it, and are just wallowing in gold, here we are sitting aR glum and silent as if we'd had a wash out ! Why, Lord! I remember one night- -not so long- ago, either — that you two quarrelled over the swell hotel you were going to stop at in 'Frisco, and whether you wouldn't strike straight out for London and Rome and Paris, or °ro away to Japan and China and round by India aud the Rsd Sea.' ' No, we didn't quarrel over it,' said one of the figures gently ; ' there was only a little dis cussion.' ' Yes, but you did, though,' returned the young fellow, mischievously, ' and you told Stacy, there, that we'd better learn something of the world before we tried to buy it or even hire it, and that it was just as well to get the hayseed out of our hair and the slumgullion off oar boots before we mixed in polite society.' ' Well, I don't see what's the matter with that sentiment now,' returned the second speaker good humouredly, ' only,' he added gravely, ' we didn't quarrel — God forbid ! ' There was something in the speaker's tone which seemed to touch a common chord in their natures, and this was voiced by Barker with sudden and almost pathetic earnestness. ' I tell 'Whisky Die'c mouuteJ a chair, siying1, ' Order, gentlemen ! We'll drink success to -to— ' ' The next strike,' said Bilker, leaping impetuously on another chair —Part T. you what, boys, we ought to swear here, to night, to always stand by each other — in luck and out of it. We ought to hold ourselves always at each otber'6 call. We ought to have a kind of password or signal, you know, by which we could summon each other at any time from any quarter of the globe ! ' ' Gome off the roof, Barker,' murmured Stacy, without lifting his eyes from the fire. But Demorest finiled and glanced tolerantly at the younger man. : ' Yes, but look here, Stacy,' continued Barker, ' comrades like us, in the old days, UBed to do that in times of trouble and adventures. Why shouldn't we do it in our luck F ' ' There's a good deal in that, Barker boy,' said Demorest, ' though, as a general thing, passwords butter no parsnips, and the ordinary, everyday single yelp from a wolf brings the whole pack together for butiness about as quick as a password. But you cling to that sentiment and put it away with your gold dust in your belt.' ' What I like about Barker is his commo diousness,' said Stacy. 'Here he is, the only man among us that has his future fixed and hiB preemption lines laid out and registered. He's already got a girl that he's going to marry and settle down with on the strength of big luck And I'd like to know what Kitty Carter, wJrn sbeV Mrs. Burlier, would say to her husband being signalled for from Asia or Africa. I don't s''m to see her tumbling to any password. And when lie and she go into a new partnership — I reckon she'll let; the o'i one slide.' ' That's just where you're wronjr,' said Barker, with quickly rising colour. ' She's the sweetest girl in the world, and she'd be sure to understand our feelings. Why, she thinks every thing of you two ; she was just eager for you to get this claim, which has put us where we arc, when I held back, and if it hada't been for her, by Jove, we wouldn't have had it.' ' That was only because she cared for you,' returned Stacy, with a half-yawn, ' and now that you've got your share she isn't going to lake a breathless interest in us. And, by the way, I'd rather you'd remind us that we owe our luck to her than that she should ever remind you of it.' ' What do you mean 'i ' said Barker quickly. But Demorest here rose lazily, and, throwing a gigantic shadow on the wall, stood between the two with his back to the fire. ' He means,' he said slowly, ' that you're talking rot, and so i3 he. However, as yours comes from the heart and bis from the head, I prefer yours. But you're bo*h making me tired. Let's have a fresh deal.' Nobody ever dreamed of contradicting Demorest. Nevertheless, Barker persisted eagerly: ' But isn't it Letter for us to look at this cheerfully and happily all round ? There's nothing criminal in our having made a strike. It seems to me. boyp, lhat of all ways of making money it's the f-quarest and mott Ievi 1 ; nobody is the poorer for it ; our luck bring6 no misfor tune to others. The gold was put there ages ago for anybody to find ; we found it. It hat-n't been tarnished by man's touch before. I don't know how it strikes you, boys, but it seems to me that of all gifts ihat are going it is the straightest. For whether we deemed it or not, it comes to us first-hand— from God ! ' The two men glanced quickly at the ppcakn-, whose face flushed and then trailed embar rapsedly as if ashamed of the enthusiasm into which he had been betrayed. But Demorest did not smile, and Stacy's eyes shone in the lamp light as he said languidly, ' I never heaid that prospecting was a religious occupation before. But I shouldn't wonder if you're right, Barker boy. So let's liquor up.' Nevertheless he did not move, nor did the others. The fire leaped higher, bringing out the rude rafters and sternly economic details of the rough cabin, and making the occupants in their seats before the fire look sriirantic by con trast. ' Who shut the door I- ' said Deinorear, sihev a pause. ' I did,' said Barker. ' I rrvknued it was jfellinjr cold.' ' Bettor open it ngaiu, now that ihe fire'* blaziuff. If will light the way if ;my of the men from below want to drop in this evening.' Stacy stared :tt his companion. ' I thought that it was understood that we were giving them that dinnor at Boomville to-morrow night, so that we might have the lost evening- here by ourselves in peace and quietness.' ' Yes, but if anyone did want to come it would seem churlish to shut him out,' said Demorcst. ' I reckon you're feeling very much as I am,' said Stacy. ' That this good fortune is rather crowding- to us three alone. For myself, I know,' be continued, with a backward glance towards a blanketed, covered pile iu the corner of the cabin, ' that I i'eel kinder oppressed by — by — its Puecin'c gravity, I kalkitate — and sorter crampy and twitcby in the legs, as if I ought tj lite out and do somethiujx, and yet it holds me here. All the same, I doubt if anybody will come up— except from curiosity. Our lack has made them r.ither sore down the hill, for all they're coming to the dinner to-tno;row.' ' That's ouly human nuture,' said Demore.st. 'But,' said Barker eagerly, ' what does it, mean ': Why, only this afternoon, when I was rawing- the ' Old Kcutuck ' tunnel, where tho^e Marrfiails have becu grubbing along for four year* without making a i-ingjb strike, I fe)t ashamed to look at them ; and ns they barely nodded to me 1 linked by as if I had done them an injury. I don't uudersliind it.' ' It somehow docs not seem to square with this ' G-ift o' God ' idea of yours, does it ? ' eaid Stacy. ' But we'll open the door and give them a show.' As he did so, it seemed as if the night were ilnir only guest, and had been waiting on the ihreshold (o now enter bodily and pervade all things with its presence. Wii'h that coo], flagrant inflow of air they breathed freely. The red edge had gone frrm Black Spur, but it was even mere clearly defined against tLe fky in its towering blackness. The sky itself had grown lighter, although the stars utill kc- med mere reflections of the solitary pin-points of light scattered along- the concave valley below. Mingling with the cooler restful air of the summit, yet penetraiingty dis tinct from if, arose the stimulating breath of the pines below, still hot and panting from the day long sun. The pileDce was intense. The far-off barking of a dog on the invisible river Var nearly a mile beneath them came to their like a sound {(.'ovthmtd c» page 32 - in a dream. They bad ri6en, and, standing in the doorway, by common consent turned tbeir ' faces to the east. It was the frequent attitude of the home- remembering miner, and it gave him the crowning glory of the view. For, beyond the pine-hearsed summits, rarely tec n except against the evening sky, lay a thin, white doud like a dropped portion of the milky way. Faint with an indescribable pallor, remote yet distinct enough to assert itself above and beyond all sur rounding objects, it was always there. It was the snow line of the Sierras. They turned away and silently reseated theru ? selves — the same thought in the ininds of each. Here was something they ~ould not take away — something to be left for ever and irretrievably behind — 1* ft with the healthy life they had been Kadiug, the cheerful endeavour, the undying hopefulness w1in.1i it had fostered aud blessed. Was what they were taking away worth it 'r And oddly enough, frank and outspoken as they had always been to each other, that common thought remained uuuttered. Even Barker was silent ; perhaps he was also thinking of Kitty ! Suddenly two figures appeared in the very doorway of the cabin. The effect was startling upon the partner*, who had only just reseated themselves, auil for a moment they had forgot that the narrow band of light which shot forth from ihe open door rendered the darkness on either side of it more impenetrable, and (hat out of this darkness, although themselves guided by the light, the figures had just emerged. Yet one was familiar enough. It was the Hill drunkard, Dick Hal], or, as he was called, ' Whisky Dick,' or indicated still more succinctly by the Hill humourists, ' Alkey Hall.' Everybody had seen that sodden, puffy, but good -humoured face ; everybody had felt the fiery exhalations of that enormous rod beard, which always seemed to be kept in a state of moist, unkempt luxuriance by liquor ; everybody knew the absurd dignity of manner and attempted precision of statement with which he was wont to disguise his frequent excesses. Very few, how ever, knew, or cared to know, the pathetic weari ness and chilling horror that sometimes looked out of those bloodshot eyes. He was evidently equally unprepared for the three silent seated figures before the door, and for a moment looked at them blankly with the doubts of a frequently deceived per jeption. Was he sure that they were quite real ? He had not dared to look at his companion for verification, but smiled vaguely. ' Good evening-,' said Demorest pleasantly. Whisky Dink's face brightened. ' Good evenin', gopd evenin' yourselves, boys — and see how you like it ! Lemme interdrush my ole ftien' William J. Steptoe, of Red Gulch. Step sho — Steptoe— is shtay — ish stay ? ' He ~r stopped, hicoughed, waved hi6' hand gravely, and with an air of reproachful dignity concluded : 11 sojourning for the present on the bar. We wish to offer our congrashulashen and felish — felish ? ' he paused again and, leaning against the doorpost, added severely, ' italions:' His companion, however, laughed coarsely, and, pushing past Dick, entered the cabin. He '~~~' was a short, powerful man, with a elosely cropped crust of beard and hair that sebmed to adhere to his round head like moss or lichen. He cast a glance — furtive rather than curious— around the cabin, and said with a familiarity that had rot even good humour to excuse it, ' So you're the g-ay galoots who've made the big strike 'i Thought I'd meander up the Hill with this old bloat Alky, and drop in to see the show. And here you are, feeling your oats, eh ? and not caring any par ticular G— d d — n if school keeps or not.' 'Show Mr. Steptoe— the whisky,' said De morest to Stacy. Then quietly addressing Dick, but ignoring Steptoe as completely as he had ig nored his unfortunate companion, he said, ' You quite startled us' at first. We did not see you come up the trail.' ' No. We came up the back trail to please Steptoe, who wanted to 6ee round the cabin,' said Dick, glancing nervously yet with a forced indifference towards the whisky which Stacy was offering to the stranger. ' What yer gettin' off there ?' said Steptoe, facing Dick almost brutally. ' You know your tangled legs wouldn't take you straight up the trail, and you had to make a circumbendibus. Gosh ! if you hadn't scented this Iicker at the top youl'd have never found it.' '« No matter ! I'm glad you did find it. Dick,' Baid Demorest, ' and I hope you'll find the liquor good enough to pay you for the trouble.' Barker stared at Demorest. This extraordinary tolerance of the drunkard was something new in his part ner. But at a glance from Demorest he led Dick to the demijohn and tin cup which stood on a table in the corner. And in another moment Dick had forgotten his companion's rudeness. Demorest remained by the door looking out into the darkness. ?' Well,' said Steptoe, putting down hie emptied cup, ' trot out your strike, t reckon our eyes are strong enough to bear it now.' Stacy drew the blanket from the vague pile that stood in the corner and discovered a deep tin pros \- pecting pan. It was heaped with several large fragments of quartz. At first the marble white ness of the quartz and the glittering crystals of ^ mica in its veins'were the most noticeable, but as they drew closex* they could see the dull yellow of _ ' gold filling the decomposed and honeycombed ?'? , portion of the rock as if still liquid and molten. .-? The eyes of the party sparkled like the mica — even those of Barker and 'Stacy 'woo were already familiar with the treasure. ' Which is the richest chunk ? ' asked Step toe in a thickening voice. Stacy pointed it out. ' Why, it's smaller than the others.' ' Heft it in your hand,' said Barker, with boy ish enthusiasm. . ' ? . The short, thick fingers of Steptoe grasped it with a certain aquiline suggestion ; his whole arm strained over it until his face grew purple, but he could not lift it. ' Thar uster be a little game in the 'Frisco Mint,' said Dick, restored to fluency by his iiquor, ' jrhen thar war ladies visiting it, and that i was to offer to glv' 'em any of those little boxes of gold coin that contained five thousand dollars, ef they would kindly lift it from Ihe counter and take it away. It wasn't no bigger than one of these chunks ; but, Jimminy, you oughter have seed them gabs grip and heave on it, aud then hev to give it up. You see they didn't know anything about the paci — (hie) the speshif — ' He stopped with great dignity, and added with painful pre cision, ' the specific gravity of gold.' ' Dry up,' said Steptou roughly. Then turn ing to Stacy he said abruptly : ' But where 'a the rest of it ? You've got more than that.' ' We sent it to Booiuville this morning. You see we've sold out our claim to a company who take it up fo-mamnv, and put up a mill and stamps. In fact, it's under their charge now They've got a gang of men on the claim already.' ' And what mout ye hev got for it, if it's a fair question ? ' said Steptoe with a forced pmile. Stacy emiled also. ' I don't know that it's a business question,' he said. ' Five hundred thousand dollars,' said Demo rest abruptly from the doorway, ' and a treble interest.' The eyes of the two men met. There was no mistaking the lull fire of envy in Steptoe's glance, but Demorest received it with a certain cold curiosity, and turned avra}r as the sound of arriv ing voices came from, without. ' Five hundred thousand's a big figger,' said Steptoe with a coarse laugh, 'and I don't wonder it makes you feel 60 d — d sassy. But it was a fair question.' Unfortunately it here occurred to the whisky stimulated brain of Dick that the friend he had introduced was being treated with scant courtesy, and he forgot his own treatment by Sttptoe. Leaning against the wall he waved a dignified rebuke. 'I'm sashified my ole frien' is ak&huated; by only businesh principles.' He paused, recol lected himself, and added with great precision : ' When I say he himself has a valuable claim in Red Gulch and to my shertain knowledge has re ceived offers — I have said enough.' The laugh that broke from Stacy and Barker to whom the infelix reputation of Red Gulch was notorious did not alky Steptoe's irritation. He darted a vindictive glance at the unfoituuate Dick, but joined in the Laugh. ' Aud what was ye goin' to do with that f ' he said, pointing to the treasure. ' Ob, we're taking that with us. There's a chunk for each of us aB a memento. We fast lots for the choice and Demorest won. That one which you couldn't lift with one hand, you know,' said Stacy. ' Oh, couldn't I 't I reckon you ain't goin' to give me the same chance that thev did at the Mint, eh r ' Although the remark was accompanied with his usual coarse, familiar laugb, there was a look in his eye so inconsequent in its significance that . Stacy would have made some reply, but at this moment Demorest re-entered the cabin ushering in a half dozen miners from the Bar below. They were, although youngish men, 6ome of the older locators in the vicim't}', yet, through years of seclusion and uneventful labours, they had ac quired a certain childish simplicity of thought and manner that was alternately amusing and pathetic. They had never intruded upon ihe l'eserve of the three partners of Heavy Tree Hill before, nothing but an infantine curiosity, a shy recognition of thu partners' courtesy in inviting them with the whole population of ' Heavy Tree ' to the dinner next day, and the neverto be-resisted temptation of an evening of ' free liquor,' and forgctfuJness of the past had brought them there now. Among them, and yet not of them, was a young man, who, although speaking English without accent, was distinctly of a differ ent nationality and race. This, with a certain neatness of dress and artificial suavity of address, gained him the nickname of '? the Count,' and ' Frenchy,' although he was really of Flemish extraction. He was the Union Ditch Company's agent on the Bar by virtue of his knowledge of languages. . Barker uttered an exclamation of pleasure when he saw him. Himself the incarnation of natural ness, he had always, secretly admired this young foreigner, with his lacquered smoothness, although a vague consciousness that neither Stacy nor De morest shared his feelings had restricted their acquaintance. Nevertheless he was proud now to see the bow with which Paul Van Loo entered the cabin as if it were a drawing- room, and, perhaps, did not reflect - upon that want, of real feeling in the act which made the others uncomfortable. „ The slight awkwardness their entrance pro duced, however, was quickly forgotten when the blanket was again lifted from the pan of treasure. Singularly enough j- too, the same feverish light came into Ihe eyes of each a6 they all'gathered around this yellow shrine. Even the polite Paul rudely elbowed his way between the others, though his artificial ' pardon ' seemed to Barker to condone- this act of brutal instinct, But it was moi*e instructive to observe the manner hi which the older locators received this confirmation of the fickle Fortune that hid 'overlooked their weary labours and years of waiting to lavish her favours on the new and inexperienced amateurs. Yet, as they turned their dazzled eyes upon the three , partners there was no envy or malice in their depths, no reproach on their lips, no iusincerily in their wondering satisfaction. Rather there was a touching, almost childlike resumption of hope as they gazed at ibis conclusive evidence of Nature's bounty. The gold had beea there — they had only missed it. Aud if there, more could be fund. Was it hot a proof of the richness of Heavy Tree Hill r So strongly was this reflected on their faces that a casual observer, contrasting them with the thoughtful countenances of the real owners,' would have thought them the lucky ones. It touched Barker's quick sympathies, it puzzled Stacy, it made Demorest more serious, it aroused Steptoe's active contempt. Whisky Dick alone remained stolid and impassive in a desperate at tempt to pull himself onr.e more together. Eventually he succeeded, even to the ambitious achievement of mounting- a chair and lif ting his tin cup with a dangerously 'unsteady hand, which did not, however, affect his precision of utterance, and said : — ' Order, gentlemen ! We'll drink success to — to—-' ' The next strike '. ' said Barker., leaping impetuously on another chair and beaming upon the old locators, ' and may it come to those who have so long deserved it ! ' His sincere and generous enthusiasm feemed to break the spell of silence that had fallen upon them. Other toasts quickly followed. In the general gouod feeling Barker attached himself to Van Loo with his usual boyish effusion, and in ? a burst of confidence imparted the secret of his en sagement to Kitty Carter. Van Loo listened with polite attention, formal congratulations, but in scrutable eyes, that occasionally windered to Stacy and again to the treasure. A slight chill of disappointment came over Barker's quick sen siti^eness. Perhaps his enthusiasm had bored this superior man of the world. Perhaps his con fidences were in bad taste. With a new senss of bis inexperience he turned sadly aWay. Van Leo took that opportunity to approach Stacy. ' What's all this I hear of Barker being eu gaged to Miss Carter r ' he said, with a faintly sujK-rior smile. ' Is it really true 'r ' ' Yes. Why shouldn't it bo 1' ' returned Stacy bluntly. Van Loo was instantly deprecating and smiling. ' Why nor, of course 'r But isn't it sudden ? ' ' They have known each other evt-r sinct; he's been on Heavy Tree Hill,' responded Stacy. ' Ah, yes ! True,' »aid Van Loo. ' But now ? ' ' Well — he's got money enough to marry, and he's going to marry.' ' Rather young, isn't he ? ' said Van Loo, still deprecatingly. ' And she's got nothing. Used to wait on the table at her father's hotel in Boomville, didn't she ? ' ' Yes. What of that ? We all know it.' ' Of coui'6e. * It's an excellent thing for her — and her father. He'll have a rich son-in-law. About two hundred thousand is his share, isn't it ? I suppose old Carter is delighted ? ' Stacy had thought this before, but did not care to have it corroborated by this superfine young foreigner. ' And I don't reckon that Barker is offended if he is,' he said curtly as be burned away. Nevertheless, he felt irritated that one of the three superior partners of Heavy Tree Hill should be thought a dupe. Suddenly the conversation dropped, the laughter ceased. Every one turned round, and, by common instinct, looked towards the door. From the obscurity of ths hill slope below came a wonderful tenor voice, modulated by distance and spiritual ised by the darkness : — AVJien at .some future day I shall be far away, Thou wilt be weepinpr. Thy lone wati-li keeping. ? The men looked at one another. ' That's Jack Hainlin,' they said, -( What's he doing here 'r ' 'The wolves are gathering around fresh meat,' said Steptoe, with his coarse laugh and a glance at the treasure. ' Didn't ye know he came over from Red 'Dog yesterday ? ' ' Well, give Jack a fair show and his own game,' said one of the old locators, ' and he'd clean out that pile afore sunrise.' ' And lose it nest day,' added another. ' But never turn a hair or change a muscle in either case,' said a third. ' Lord ! I've heard him sing away just like that when he's been leav ing the board with five thousand dollars in his pocket or going away stripped of his last red cent.' Van Loo, who had been listening with a peculiar smile, here said in his most deprecating manner, ?* Yes, but did yon never consider the influence that such a man has on the hardwork ing tunnel men, who are ready to gamble their whole week's earnings to liim F Perhaps not. But I know the difficulties of getting the Ditch rates from these men when he has been in camp ' He glanced around him with some importance, but only a laug-h followed his speech. ' Come, Frenchy,' said an old locator, 'you only say that because your little cousin wanted to play with Jack like a grown man, and when Jack ordered him off the board aud he became sassy, Jack scooted him outer the saloon.' Van Loo's face reddened with an anger thai had the apparent effect of removing every trace of his former polished repoBe, and leaving only a hard outline beneath. At which Demorest inter fered : — ' - ' I can't say that I see much difference in gambling by putting money into a hole in the ground and expecting to take more from it than by putting it on a card for the same purpose.' Here the ravishing tenor voice, which had been approaching, ceased, and was succeeded by a heart-breaking and equally melodious whistling to finish the bar of the singer's song. And the next moment Jack Hamlin appeared in the door way. {To be continued.) 