ACCIDENTS AND OFFENCES. The South. Brisbane Fire Brigade received an alarm through the fire exchange at about 4 am. yesterday for a fire at Dr. Webb's residence in Vulture-Street, South Brisbane. The brigade at once turned out, and on arrival found that the flooring of the kitchen was ablaze, being caused through the hearth, which was composed of wood, having caught fire. The firemen quickly extinguished the flames, and little or no damage was done beyond the destruction of portion of the floor, the furniture being quite unharmed. The fire was first discovered by Mrs. Webb, who had occasion to visit the kitchen while attending to a sick child.' James Brown was charged in the Central Police Court yesterday with breaking into the store of Messrs. D. Lanham and Co., ship chandlers, Charlotte-street, and stealing a large roll of canvas, containing about forty-three yards double width, valued at £3 9s. It appeared that on the 21st April, between 7 and 3 p.m., Detectives Henders and King were in Albert-street, when their attention was attracted by the vagaries of a figure, which appeared to be. an orthodox ghost,' dodging across the street. It was clothed in the conventional white and airy winding sheet, the figure itself being in- visible. The detectives followed the apparent phenomenon, which made for the seclusion of a vacant allotment. in flight, however, was anything but ethereal, for the faster it went the more awkward became its gave, until the whole collapsed, and the detectives gazed upon it inquiringly and with astonishment. Investigation showed that the figure" beneath the sheet was a burly-looking sailor, who, in his hurry to got along with a large bundle of bleached canvas, had let go the ends, and the more he tried to gather it up the more entangled he became in its folds. His re- plies not being satisfactory, he was searched. Two keys were found in his possession, one of which was fitted, and opened the lock on the door of Lanham and Co.'s premises. Evidence was given by Mr. D. Lanham and ; he had missed forty-three yards of canvas, 1 and J. R. Pringle, manager of the man- chester department for R. L. Armour and Co., identified the canvas by a pencil man. He had sold it to Lanham and Co. runs' evidence was given with regard to the ass arrangement of the store and the loss mother articles, and the defendant was committed for trial. In early French cards the kings were named David, Alexander, Caesar, and Char- league, representing the Emperors or two Jews, Greeks, Romans, and French. A REFINED BEVERAGE. Cadbury's Cocoa provides a refined daily beverage for the robust, the, young, the old, and particularly those of weak and impaired digestion (Advt.) 