WHOSO FINDETH A WIFE, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. BY WILLIAM LE QUEUX, \UTHQRQF "THE GREAT WAR IN ENGLAND IN 1897," "ZORAIDA," "STOLEN SOULS, " GUILTY BONDS," "A SECRET SERVICE," &o.;, &o.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXII.— (CoutinuocJ.) Jcier paie, itear-stalnea laoe Defrayed signs 1 or a. <t.errible< breathl-ess suspense, sue Tearing ' that I intended to cast tier or C, .while ! could ' JMH bring myselT to any firm belief that her declarations of affection were genuine. Be tween us users yawned a gulf .of darkness and mystery which hourly grew Wider and more impassable. "Tell me thn.a you'll still -'be patient and 'wait," she Implored at tost. "Surely you can see hoiw Intensely I Jove you, and- how utterly aimless will be my life If we p-ant." "This mystery is, I oonfess, Ella, driving me to distraction," I said, hatting at last be fore her. "Cannot you confide in me? I will preserve sllenoe, I ipromlse." "No, no," she gasped in fear. "I — I dare mot." . HDer attitude was one of deep dejection, yet I could not fall to notice, even at -this moment of hen abject despair, how beauti ful she was. Buit a look of unutterable -ter- jor was in her deep blue eyes, and upon her handsome features was an expression as though, dreading exposure, she were haunt ed by some terrible ghost of the past. "You told me this once before," I said gravely, "and I trusted you. To-day I have discovered my confidence ill-placed." "Trust me once again," she cried hoarsely. "Only once, and I will show you ere long that your suspicions are utterly without foundation." I took another turn up and down the drawing-room, my hands clasped behind my back, my gaze fixed upon the carpet. I .was Still undeoided. With a sudden impulse she rushed for ward, and flinging her arms about my neck kissed, me, next second bursting Into fears and burying her face upon my shoulder. My hand unconsciously stroked her hair, and, bending, I pressed my Hps upon her soft cheek. Then she knew that I had forgiven, and holding back her sobs with difficulty raised her face, and kissing me passionately thank ed me in a low, broken voice, assuring me that I should never regret the step I had taken. During half an -hour we rexnained itogether, she full of love and confidence, I ad miring and hopeful. I was glad I had not acted rashly nor left her as I had intended, and as we went in to dinner arm In arm we laughed .together, joyous in each .other's love. After we had eaten, I smoked a cigarette and lingered as long as possible, happy with my well-beloved, tihen kissing her fo-ndly I was compelled to take a hansom to Berke ley Square, promising to return at (the ear- : l'lest possible moment, and expressing conn-,' dence that our love would last always. The Earl, grumbling at my 'tardy arrival, - was busy in his library with a number of important dispatches relating to our af fairs in the East. When he had expressed displeasure that I had not been waiting ito yecelve him, he added: "But there, I suppose now you are mar ried, Deedes, your wife is exacting— fthey al ways are. She likes you to dine with her— eh?" "Yes," I admitted,. smiling, "I did dine at homo." "Ah, I thought so," snapped the shrewd old Minister; ' "A good dinner and ymr wife's smiles were of more consequence to you than England's prestige with the Sui- iban, eh?" I made no answer to this sarcasm, but be gan busying myself with the correspondence, packing It away In the dispatch-bag and . sealing it for delivery 'to Hja-mmenton, the messenger, who was waiting In an adjoin ing room, ready to take it ta Constantinople. Not until eleven o'clock was I able to get. away from Berkeley Square, tand leaving the aged statesman alone,- deeply immersed In the puzzling applications for advice of all sorts from her Majesty's representatives tat the various Courts of Europe, I drove back 'to Phtlllnvore Gardens. On arrival home my ' first question of Juckes was whether Ella was 'In the draw ing-room. "No, sir. Madam is out, sir." "Out! When did she go out?" "About on hour after you had left, sir," replied the man. "She has gone inito the country, I believe."' "Into the country? What makes you think so?" "Because she put on her travelling! dress, and took two trunks with her," he answered. '(Roberts, her ma'id, says she packed the boxes herself three days ago." "Did she say where she was going?" I In quired .breathlessly. -No, sir. Sbe> left no message with any one." Entering the drawing-TOom with my over coat still on I noticed, lying upon her little rosewood escritoire, a note addressed to me. Eagerly I took it up, tore it one-n; and read Its contents. They were only a few hurriedly scrawled words— a brief and for mal farewell. "You cannot trust me," she wrote, "there fore we are best apart. Do not attempt to follow me. for you' cannot find me. Do not think 111 of me, for even if I have wronged- and deceived you, I have nevertheless been your friend." It commenced formally, without any en dearing term, and concluded abruptly with the two words. "Your Wife." For a few moments I stood with It In mv band, staring at it In blank amazement. Then it occurred to me that In that very escrltofre gbe ker-t all her correspondence, a-nd It was more than probable that. I might loarn the truth from some of the letters therein contained. I endeavoured to o.r.-on .It. liuf It was. as pmiql. F'Ue bnd talcpri .'the l-ev. Ti my sudd-en excitement I called to Juckes to bring a hammer, and with a few sharp blows broke open the sloping, leather-covered top, finding a num/ber of letters addressed in un familiar handwriting. One, larger 'than the rest, crumpled, dirty and worn, as if it had -reposed in someone-s pocket for a long period, I took out and eagerly opened beneath the soft-shaded -lamp "My God!" I cried aloud,- scarcely able to believe my own eyes, when next Instant X realised the terrible truth. "My God! X had never suspected this!" CHAPTER XXIII.— A TERRIBLE TRUTH. Ella's cold, formal adieu stunned me. I stood open- mouthed, petrified. We had part ed on the best of terms, she kissing me affec tionately, and with wifely solicitude bidding me hasten back: yet In my absence she had departed, evidently carrying out some pre arranged plan. Her maid, Roberts, had no ticed her packing her trunk throe days be- foie; therefore, It was certain that she meant to desert me as soon as opportunity offered. Unaccountable and astounding as was her sudden flight, the discovery I had made among the papers in her escritoire was even more amazing. It held me stupefied and aghast. The paper I held In my hand was the ori ginal of the secret convention between Eng land and Germany; the document that had been stolen from me, transmitted by tele graph to the Russian Foreign Office and had nearly caused a terrible and disastrous European war. When I took it from among the letters and saw its neat, formal writing and sprawly signatures, I gazed upon It in blank amaze ment, unable at first to realise the startling truth. There was, however, no room for doubt. It was the actual document that had been so Ingeniously purloined, for It reposed in the escritoire still in Its official envelope. The great black seal affixed by the Earl of Warnham had been broken, and both enve lope and docurqent had the appearance of having at some time or other been folded small, besides being sadly crumpled. Beneath the shaded light I examined the envelope carefully, and detected a faint car mine streak upon it; then, placing it to my nostrils, found that It exuded a stale odour of sampaguita. In an instant the truth was plain. The pink discolouration had been caused by rouge; the scent was Ella's fa vourite perfume that she always procured from Paris. No doubt the document had been, carried for a considerable period In her pocket for safety, and became crumpled, as papers will If carried in a woman's dress. W.liile the envelope might easily have ab sorbed the odour of that unmistakeable per fume from her handkerchief, the streak of rc-uge puzzled me, for I had never suspec ted her of an artificial complexion, nor had I ever seen the hare's foot and carmine among her toilet articles. "Tell Roberts I wish to speak to her," I said, turning to Juckes, who stood by in silence, puzzled at my strange aotion of breaking the top of the escritoire. He obeyed, and In a few momenta the neat, dark-eyed maid entered. "Roberts," I exclaimed, "I want you to tell me something. Does my wife use any car mine to give artificial colour to her cheeks ?" "Oh, no, sir," the g-irl assured me. "Madam Is very averse to the use of such 'things. Once or twice, when she has been going out at night, and looked unusually pale, I have suggested a little additional colour, tout she has always refused." "Did she have any j-ouge or anything of that sort In her possession?" I inquired. "No, sir, I am quite certain she hadn't." "Why are you ao confident?" "Because only the other day, when- I was ill with a sick headache madam urged me to use some, colour, as my face was so pale. Visitors were coming, she said, and she didn't want me to look like a ghost. I told her that I had no. carmine, and she remark ed that .she had none, .therefore nothing could be done." "Wihen did my wife pack those two trunks she took with her this evening?" "Last Monday, sir," the girl answered, slowly .twisting her befrilled apron In her hands. "She received a note by boy-mes senger, and Immediately set about packing the boxes." "Did she tell you anything?" I -asked, add ing confidentially, .. "I have reason to be lieve that my wife has left us, therefore any thing yipu -tell me may assist me In tracing her." The girl glanced at me In genuine surprise. "Do you mean, sir, 'that madam has— has run away?" she gasped. "No — well, not exactly," I stammered. "But did she tell you anything?" With eyes downcast the girl paused In hesitation, answering at last: "She didn't actually tell me anything." "But what do you know about her inten tions?" "Nothing," Bhe answered, Then, after a pause, she added. "Well,- to -tell you (the truth; sir, I had suspicions." "Of what? Do not fear to speak because I am her husband," I said, reassuringly, "I may as well know the worst at once," "She used frequently to receive notes from a gentleman. They were brought by a com missionaire, or by a man servant, who wait ed for the' answer. When they came I al ways- knew that on the following day she would he absent many hours." "You believe that she met this mysterious Individual— eh?" I asked huskily. "Yes: for she always -told me never to ad mit to you that she -had 'been long absent. Therefore I had suspicion ithat she met somebody clandestinely." "What was h|s name?" . "I have never been able to ascertain. Onoe I glanced at a mo-te lying on madam's dress ing table. It merely an-nounced the writer's -' Intention to attend Lady Pearson's 'at -home' and was signed 'X.' " "Well," I said hoarsely, after a long si lence. "What else?" "Nothing," she replied- "That . Is all I know, sir,' "Has my wife (taken her jewels?" I In quired. "No. She lias left her jewel-case unlocked, but everything is there. She .has even left behind her wedding-ring." ; "Her wedding-ring!" I echoed, astounded and dismayed. "Then she has discarded ime completely." - "Unfortunately It appears so, sir," 'the girl observed, gravely. "Very well, Roberts,-" I said In a broken voice. "Thank you. You may go." The girl glanced at me Cor. an instant, with a sad, pitying look, then turned and left, closing the d-oor noiselessly behind her. Alone, I sank Into the chair utterly bro ken down, still holding in my -nervous, trem bling fingers the secret document that se- oured £he peace a.nd welfare of the two most powerful nations on earth. I had at last discovered the hideous truth. Ella, the wo man whose grace and beauty had held me enmeshed, and whom I had- loved with an intensity of passion that was all-consuming, was, after all, base and worthless. Although making a hollow pretence to love me she had cast me aside for t-h-ls mysterious man who signed himself with an " initial, -and who met her secretly almost dally. ' I had been a Mind, devoted idiot. I know, but until I had watched her In Kensington "Gardens I had never suspected her of infamy. It seemed, however, that she had no sense of Blwime, and cared nought for my dishonour or. despair. Her perfidy was now revealed In all Its painful reality. Ella, whom I had al ways regarded as pure, honest and trusting, was a woman of tarnished repute. The fact that she had the secret convention in her possession was, in Itself, sufficient evidence that ithe mystery surrounding her was deep and of .no ordinary character. .Sonla had warned me that she was my enemy, and this fact was now Indeed vividly apparent. How she had become possessed of the stolen treaty was Inexplicable. Pull well she knew all the terrible anxiety its loss had caused me; and the sensation that Its revela tion had created (throughout Europe. Times without number I had mentioned to her how anxious my chief was to recover the original, so that our enterprising friends in St. Pe tersburg could have no tangible proof that it had actually existed, yet she had given no sign that she knew anything of It muoh less thnt It actually reposed In my own drawing- room. I did not fail In these moments of my despair to recollect that she had been on the most intimate terms with Dudley Ogle, the man suspected to have been In the service wf tlie Czar's Government, and as I sat in won derment it became gradually impressed upon mo that through those many months I had been basely tricked, and that Ella herself, charming and ingenious as she seemed, was actually a secret agent of the enemies of England. (to be continued.) 