DR. WILLIAMS’ PINK PILLS HAVE CORED MK.B THOMAS JARVIS -oTHloromotor ATAXIAJ AFTER DOCTORS AND HOSPITALS HAVE UTTERLY FAILED. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, LONG BEEN /'CONSIDERED INCURABLEB\ THE ' SgllEDICAL PROFESSION, HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. HAS A MIRACLE BEEN PERFORMED? From the " Australian Workman.’. In reply to the preliminary ques tions, said: “ You want to know all about my oase? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The .facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.” . About five years agopnext Christ mas, I mot with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydnejv Sinco- the acci dent I have been failinglin health, and after four years ,of gradual. develop ment of the maTttdy-I was forced to give up my billet at the (Jlebo Island.” , “ What wore the symptoms ?” “ Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They, were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and I was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither oat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was 'utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.” “Did you make use of the order?” “ No ; I oame home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed* I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a ques tion of .days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could,'by opium and mor phia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxy, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal oord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait and a difficulty iu co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told-me that I might last for 10 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.') Well, just1 as a drowning man will .grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idda conveyed by tbe advertisement describing the cure effected in tlie case of another boiler-maker in England, , which I read in the 1 Australian Workman,’ by Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I wbb able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It wbb incredible. I - immediately left the bed, and wub able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills 1 during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stiok, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. TTou see those crutches here'? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills, hut I was too weak to use them, and now I don’t want them. All I want is this stiok, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." “He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. “ Dr., Williams’ Pink Pills have saved his, life and made another maa of him.”* A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fort night previously. “I can now,” continued Jarvis,' “have a oold bath, and all the feel-' ing hoe come hack in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am; I hope to he able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to he in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am hotter to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new, man. On the .mantle piece there is a box of opium and morphia pills, which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where-they are, for I no longer need' them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at .the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about .again has caused quite a sensation out here.” HSijph, is jhe jemarkuble history, and concerns what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the as tonianing cures wrought-byDr. Wil liams’ Pink Pills for; Pale People They oure locomotor ataxy, partial paralyeis, and Bpinal, disease, also the many disorders*whioh arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as ante mitt, pale and sallow com plexion, general musoular weakness, iudigostion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache^, etc.-; These pills are a" tonic, not a, pur* giitivo. They aro genuine only with t ho full name, Dr/:. Williams’.,Pinji Piljs for Pale People, and are seld-lbj cheurietsaud storekeepers generally, or tbe Dr. Willjuip^’.-Mediciue Company, Cilioifii’s-p'.Bnc,'’ fc'-yduey, will forward n-receipt ■;<,# r tamps or post onbjr pin sox for £s.oi- imU-iiozon for Tils. ■ V-l. 