SOUM TERRIBLE FRiC'rTS. The following stories are the result of the Answers Prize Competition ar .ongst its readers for startlers: ANSWERITES' HAIR- RAISING EX PERIENCES. - Novelists have a habit of mak ing one of their characters, at least, undergo some blood-curdling ordeal which bleaches that unfortunate per son's raven locks in a single night. We were under the impression that such things only happened between the cov ers of a book until we read the post cai's sent in for the '."Frlght Competi iNow n"eknow, to our sorrow, thiat se veral-thousands of our readers have had their hair transformed from its natural liue td a state of snowy, whitenessrthe time for transformation varying froni ten- seconds to a fortnight. We symopa thise with. them, though it Is undoub tedly, an excellent thing for mianufactu rers of hair dyes. A prize was given for the postcard "A 'Startler.'" JUST IN TIME. The greatest fright I ever expe -riencedewas on board the s.s. MZobile, at the Rpyal Albert Docks. Two of us were repairing a suction pipe in a ballast tank, and we had to work all night to get the job'flnished,-as the ship was advertised to sail next day. In the morning, when we had completed our work,and were packing up our tools, they started pumping water In. It hissed: around us knee deep, and, thoroughly terrified, we made a rush for the man- hole. It was dark-as pitch, and we could not find any way of es cape. The water swirled in faster and faster, and- we had-to fight for breath. Just -as "we began to despair we heard a faint shouting, the pumping englie was stopped, and we were dragged out more dead than alive. That .was a fright, and no mistake! •A MIDNIGHT STEEPLECHASE. SWhile in the country some time ago I was.returning in the small hours of the mobrning. It was-very dark, but for all that I abandoned the main road, and started to make -a short cut across the fields. I could neot see afoot beyond me, and had not proceeded far before. I suddenly stumbled and fell-not to the grouind, but 'upon some weird, hairy monster. " '- - Ere I could regain my feet-it sprang up vithWa-horrid roar, and set off into the gloom at a terrific pace. Like grim death I clung to its shaggy back, with my heart in niy -mouth. Suddenly it swerved,. and -I: felt myself hurtling through the air, and descended' with a crash on the wet grass. I lay dazed for a few moments, and rose painfully, only to be horrified by the sight of a pair of fiery eyes glaring at me out of the dark ness. lly knees shook with dread, and I would probably have fainted had not the moon shone out, and revealed an old milch cow-glaring at me reproachfully over the fence. - -, CHASED BY THE ENEMY. The biggest fright that I have had was In 'S8 :I belonged to ?a militta iegiinent that drilled in a pairk.Just- out 'of" Lon' don. We were skirmishing one day, at the time of year when the deer are very spiteful, and we had been advancing on a corner of the park -where the poor, frightened.deer had fled for shelter. We received the order to charge,which order was obeyed with plenty of shout ing; but, sad to relate, we did not wait for the "retire" to sound. Suddenly the deer came out, with one or two grand old stags at their head, and prepared to resist the attack.- Officers and men swung round, dropped their weapons, and ran as they had never done before, I have been grey-headed ever sine.. KILLED THE BURGLAR. We were sitting up late in the farm kitchen, and my father had been relat ing some stories of daring robberies that had occurred in the district. About one- o'clock in the morning there were unmistakable sounds of burglars in the yard, and the dogs were barking lustily. We were all terror-stricken. Father got the gun, and the rest of us armed ourselves with pokers - and sticks. The shutters were - cautiously thrust open, and we demanded who was there? No answer was returned, but we distinctly heard stealthy footsteps ap proaching the window. . Bang!' Whether by accident or design, father fired,'there -was nan'ei- sllitting shriek that made us. shiver in - our shoes. He had.shdtthe foal! - A WONDERFUL ESCAPE. , MIy first voyage as an apprentice took me round Cape Horn, and one night, when we were beating round, I had a terrible experience. It was blowing hard and cold, with an aecompanying shower of sleet, and I, with another apprentice and the third mate, were out on the bowsprit short ening sail. In doing this one of the ropes knotted in running through a bolt ring, and the mate told rive to lean over and clear it.- - In doing this, my hands, nuimbed with cold, .lost their hold, and I. fell into a boiling sea from a ship running at near ly sixteen knots before the gale.' -Here a wonderful thing happened. I fell into the trough of a wave, and could see her bows.h!gh up above me as she rose. Quick as thought she dived, and her sprit, with the'two men on -it, came down to the water's edge. In that instatf the mate grabbed my coat, and lifted me in his strong arms, and before I had time to crawl, down the bowsprit to the dbck we were a mile away from where I fell. At the-time.I realised nothing, but my nearness to death taht night gave me a fright that haunts me to-day. WORSE THAN THE BIG WHEEL. I had an unenviable experience some years ago, when working at a windmill. It was my duty to climb up the wheel, and spread thile canvas to catch the wind. On one occasion the miller set the mill going, ignorant of the fact that I was still on the wheel. When that wheel began to revolve I had the biggest fright a man could weil have, and I clung on like grim death. One moment I was fifty feet in the air, and again the huge sail to which I was hanging would soar downwards almost to the ground. Every Instant I expected to drop-to drop meant cer tain death. I yelled for hIelp at the top of mly lungs, and luckily the miller heard me, grasped the situation, and lowered me gently from my perilous position, till I was near enough to terra firma to let go my hold. Probably the whole occurrence did not last four minutes, lut to me it appeared an eternity of time. A LUCKY MISS. In the early eighties I was a sergeant in the volunteer artillery at Swansea, and on one occasion was told off in commuand of a squad to kIteep onlookers from passing across the range during ball practice on the beach. Whilst in the performance of this duty I moved a few yards from my place to warn a bystander from a dangerous position, and suddenly heard the word "Ready!" This was immediately followed by "Fire!" which I heard just as I turned my eyes in the direction of the battery. There I saw, to my horror, that my head was exactly in line with,and about a dozen yards from, the muzzle of tile gun l Under ordinary circumstances. I had an infinitesimal portion of a second to live, and I knew it and realised tile posi tion! After the lapse of what appeared to me a considerable time, inasmuch as many things passed through my mind in the interim, I realised the wonderful fact that the friction-tube had failed to act. I think-no one will accuse me of weak ness when I add that the revulsion of feeling caused me-to stagger half-un conscious into the arms of a comrade. THRASHED IN THE DARK. I was horribly frightened about six years ago. It was on a very dark night. I had just left St. Albans on my old solid-tyre safety, and was making for London along the main road. All was silent,and,being of a rather nervous dis posiiion, I quickened my pace, as I did not feel at all comfortable. Suddenly, without any warning, I re ceived a blow from behind. I looked over my shoulder with a shudder, but could not see my assailant. I called out, but instantly received another blow. S-Thoroughly scared, I rode for my life; but still my relentless foe kept shower ing'blows upon me till I was stiff and sore. 'At length, almost exhausted,.I saw -a light, which proved to be an inn. Falling- rather than dismounting, from niy machine, I staggered into the house, arid blurted out the weird story. - - - The'landlord went out with a lantern, examined the machine,' and burst into a fit of laughter. The tyre of the rear. wheel had broken, and, in revolving,had thrashed me unmercifully. - It took me some time, however, to re cover from my fright and soreness. IT WASN'T THE BOGIE MAN. I slept in a room over the shop, and was the sole occupant of the premises during the night. I had sunk, as was my wont, into a deep, refreshing sleep. Suddenly I awoke, to find that my hair was going up and my courage was go ing down. - \- For a moment I was spellbound with fear, for a strange, unearthly light per vaded the room, proceeding, as I quick ly perceived, from a ball-of blinding light, about the size of a cricket ball, suspended in mid-air at tie further end of the room.. hr I sprang up, quivering with horror, gazing at that eerie, staring eye of light. It moved-it was coming nearer!. - My blood ran cold.. and I was gasping for breath, when a hoarse voice - grunted out.: - "It's all right, guiv-n6r,- only you've forgotten to lock the shop-door!" * It was the jioliceman, with his bull's eye lantern! - I believe I put-my arms round his neck and embraced him when I discovered it wasn't a ghost, after all. - A "STARTLER." `One night Ilhad got home after a very hard day'sworik, and, after having.tea, I had settled down for a quiet smoke. I had my chair drawn close to the fen der, with my feet on a hassock, and was feeling very comfortable indeed. Suddenly I sprang from my seat and listened. A newsboy was.shouting: "Terrible defeat oLthe British Army!" Visions of battlefields, with dead and wounded soldiers, -London in ashes, England made desolate by the war flend, and a thousand other terrible scenes flashed across my mind, until 1 was almost fainting with sheer frlight. But, ah! who was there to beat Eng land? Perhaps Russia, I thought. And I made-.a terror-stricken rush for the door, yelled for the news-lad, and in my haste forgot to take my change. I opined thefpaiier with -trenibling. hands, and in cold" perspiration read: . S"Corinthians, 5 goals; The Army, nil." IN MID-AIR. Two or three years back some steeple jacks .were repairing the chimney of the mill where I am employed. \- I obtained consent to ascend from the men in charge, and'tool my place in the sling. Before I had gone very far I lost my nerve, and, when nearly at the top, -my feet catching the rough coping of the chimney, I slipped from my seat, but managed to grasp the rope with- my hands. There I hung, clinging.like grim death, about 130ft from the bottom. It seemed hours before, the men low ered me slowly and safely to the ground. .I have no ambition now to emulate IMr Answers' steeplejack performance. The agony. I suffered during those aw ful moments when I swung in mid-air has cured me of that. - -.. FRIGHTENED OUT OF HIS BOOTS. It was in the winter of 1894-a very dark and dismal night. I had passed two hours in a railway carriage, and then started to walk a distance of six miles, which lay between me and my night's rest. The first part of my journey lay across some sandy fields, and then I entered a narrow lane. No sooner had I reached .this lane, than I found I had got some sand':ii'nmy boots..- I- therefore sat down on the side of the road, and, tak ing off my boots,- placed them on what appeared in the dark to be the stump of an old tree. This:turned out to be a man asleep, -who uttered such a fearful yell as.soon as the boots touched him that I took to my heels, and ran the remainder of the distance barefooted. I forgot my boots. On going with a friend to look for them in tqoe morning, I found they had vanitshed. 