' ,11111 FIM CHAPTER VTL— (Continued.) i 'It is quite clear,' he .thought, 'By '?''' flomo hocuspocus, Miss Rose made liis ac quaintance during those three weeks, and ' helped the alow time to pass. He did not ' tell her he was her Bister's lover, hence the present frigidity. The long morning rides are accounted for now.., I ?wonder'1 — he looked at pretty Rose — ' I wonder if the watter -will end here ?' It seemed as if it would. Doctor Danton, coming every day ? to the hall, and closely observant always, saw no symptoms of -thawing out on Robo's part, and no effort to please on tho side of Mr. Stanford. Ho Areatod her as ho treated Eeny and Grace, coarteously, genially, but nothing more. He ?»raa all devotion to his beautiful betrothed ; and Kate — what words can paint the infinite happiness of her face ! All that was wanting \ to make her beauty porfeob was found. She , had grown so gontle, 'so swoot, so patient, ?with all }' sho was so supremely blessed her self, sho could afford to stoop to the weak nesses of Iobs fortunate mortalfl. That in doscribablo change, tho radiance of her eyes, tho buoyancy of her stop, the lovely colour that deepened and died, tho smileB that came so rapidly now— all told how much she loved Boginald Stanford. Wub it returned, that absorbing devotion Ho was very .dovoted ; ho wan beside hor when she sang ; lie sought her always when die ontoi'ed tbo room ; ho was .her escort1 on. all occasions ; but— was it roturned ? It eeemed to Doctor Prank watching quietly ? that fchoro was something wanting — some- thing too vague, to bo described, but lacking. Kato did not miss it horself, and it might bo ' only a fancy. Perhaps it was that she was above and beyond him, with thoughts and , foolings in that earnest heart of hors ho could never understand. Ho was very handsomo, very brilliant ; but underlying the boauty and the brilliancy of tho surface thero wore shal-' lownoss, and selfishness, and falsity. ,' Ho was walking up and down tho tamarack ?Walk, thinking of this and emoking a cigar one evening about a wook aftor tho arriva) of Stanford. The February twilight fell tenderly ovor snowy ground, dark, stripped trees, and grim old mansion. A mild evoning, windless ?' and springlike, with the full moon rising xoand and rod. ? His walk commanded a view of tho great frozen fish-pond, whore a lively Bcono was going on. Kate,' Roso, and Bony, etrappod in skates, were floating round and round, attended by the captain and Lieutenant Stanford. ? Roso was tho best skater on tho pond, and looked charming in her tuokod up dross, crimson pel ticoats, dainty boots, and coquettish hat and plume., Sho flitted in' a dizzying circlo ahead of tho rost, disdaining to join them. Stanford ' skated very woll for an ^Englishman, ind nssistod Kate, who was not very proficient in the art. Captain Dantori had Eony by the hand, and tho gay laughter made tho still air ring. Grace' stood' on tho . edgo of the pond, watching thorn,' arid resis ting tho Captain's entreaties to corao on tho ico and lot him teach her to.sknto. Her brother joined her, coming up suddenly, with Tiger at his sido. - , ., , ??-.?. i r' Not half a bad tableau, V the doctor said, .Tomovinghis inovitablo cigar; 'lovely women, 'bravo 'men, moonlight,, and balmy braosses. Ton don't go in for this sort of .thing, ma «n,,»? 'NTo. 'IsunnoHo not, Onr cood-looking Englishman Bkatos well, by tho way. What Ao you think of him,' Grace P' ' I think, with yon that he is a good-looking yonng Englishmfin.' ' ' -.'??' « Nothing, moro?' , ' . - ' That tho oldnst Miss Danton is hopolossly and helplossly in lovo with him, and that it is ifttlier a pity. Rose would suit him better.' i' . 'Air! sngapiouB as »sual, Graco. Who .' ' knows but tho Honorable Roginald thinks so, ?too. 'Whore is our dark Scotchman to-night ?' \- ' Sir Ronald ? Gond to Montreal.' ! ' Is ho coming back. P' ' ' ? 'I don't know. Vory likoly. If it wore ?to murdor Mi'. Stanford, ho would comeback ?? ' ?with ploaBitro. ? ' . ' He is a littlo jealous, then.?' ... \ . ?' Just a little1. There is the captain cal 11 line youi Go,',1 ;. ?- ? . ' -l;, ,c , Thoy wont ovor. Captain Danton whirled ar»und and camo to a halt at sight of them.; « Hero, Frank,'' he hbkI j « 'I'm Rotting ' lirod of iViio. ?; Toko my skates, and lot us see ?what you are capable of on ioo.1 . Doctor Frank put on the skates, and struck Off/ . ? : ''-.'. ? '?' ' I ': '?:, : ' ? Bobo, flashing past, gavo him abvjght baok ™*($£^m* Doctor Danton I' -he cried. ' Catoh mo, if you can IV. „, i . , 'A Inir fiold and no favour I' oxolaimed 1 . ?' filnnford, .whooling around. ? Corao on,' Danton : T am going to try, too. ? Bony and Kato stood still to watoh. ' . Tho group oh tho bank wero absorbed m 41m' ohnso Doctor J)nntou was tho hotter Slater ofthotwS; but fleet-footed Roso out ' '^ffu'fone on tho doctor I' oricd tho ^ptain«xcitod. « Ropfinold ia powhor« 1 \ 'I don't bet,' Baid Graco ; ' but neither will catch Rose, if Rose likes.' Round and round the fish-pond tho trio flew— Rose still ahead, the doctor outstripping the lieutenant. The chase was getting ox citing. There was no chance of gaining on Rose by following her. Danton tried strategy. As she wheeled airily around, he abruptly turned, headed her off, and caught her with a rebound in his arms. ? £'.' By Jove!' cried the captain, delighted, ' ho has hor ! Reginald, my boy, you are beaten!' ' I told you you stood no chance, Stanford,' said the doctor. ' What am I to have for my pains, Miss Rose ?' ' Stoop down, and you'll Bee,' He bent his head. A stinging1 box on the car rowarded . him, and Roso was off, flying over the glittering ice and out of i-each. 'Beaten, Reginald,' said Kate, as ho drew near. ' For shame, sir.' 'Beaten, but not defeated,' answered her lover j ' a Stanford never yields. Rose shall be my prize yet.'. Roso had whirled round tho pond, and, was passing. ' Reginald looked-at her, as he spoke ; bather anwor was a' flash of the eye arid' a curl of the lip as she flew on. Kate saw it, and looked after her, puzzled and thoughtful. ' Reginald,' she said, when, tho skating over, they wero all sauntering back to the house, ' what have you dono to Rose !' Reginald ? Stanford raised his dark eye brows. /'Done to hor! What do you imagine I have done to 'her?'' 'Nothing1; bufwhy, thon,i does ' she dia liko you so ?'' '? '?? ' », ? 11 ' Am I so unfortunate as to have inenrred your pretty sister's dislike ?' '?'? ' ? ? ? ' Don't you see1 it p Sheavoids you. She will not talk to you, or'sing for you, or take your arm, or join us when wo go out. ,1 never saw her treat any gentleman with such pointed coldness before.' , ?.?.-.??? ' ' Extraordinary,' gaid Mr. Stanford, with, profoundost gravity. 'I am the most, un lucky follow in the world.: What shall I do to overcome yonr fair sister's aversion P' ' Porhaps you do not pay her attention onouerh. Rose knows she is verv prettv, and i» jealously exacting in her demands for ad miration and devotion. Sir Ronald gave her mortal offence the first evoning he camo, by his indifference. She has never forgiven him, and never will. Devote yonrsolf inoro to, her and less to mo, and perhaps Roso will consent to let you bask in the light of heir smile.' . Ho looked at her with an odd glance. She was smiling, but'in earnest, too. ? She lovod her sistor and her lover so well that she felt uncomfortable until they wore friends ', and j her heart was too great and faithful for the faintest spark of jealousy. He lifted to his lips tho hand that wore his ring. ' Your wishes are my law. I shall 'do my best to please Roso from to-night.' That evening, for tho first time, Stanford took, a seat beside Rose, and did his best to be agreeable. .. Kate smiled approval from her | place at tho piano, and Doctor Danton, on I tho other side of Roso, heard and Haw all, and I did not quite undorstaad. But Roso was still ofEended^and-deolinod-to-rolen^ - Itwns hard- ? to resist that porsuasiyo voice, but she did. Sho hardened herself resolutely at the thought of how ho had deceived her-r-he, who wag soon to bo her sister's husband. Rose got up abruptly, exousod herself, and left the room. When tho family wero disporsing to thoir j chambers that night, Reginald lingered to speak to Kate. ' I havo failed, yon see,' ho, said. ' Rose is a mystery,' said Kato, voxod ; ' bIio has quite a now way of acting. But you know,' smiling radiantly ' n.', Stanford never yields.' ' True. It is: discouraging, but I shall try again. Good-night, dearest and' best, and pleasant dreams — of me,' ' ' '.' V', . He ascended to his room, lamp in hondl 'A fi™ blazed in the crrato i and' sittihGr down be foro it, his'coat off, his slippdrs on, his hands in hia pockets, he' gnzed at it with knitted brow, whistling softly. For half an hour ho sat, stillfts a statue. Then ho got up, found his writing case, and sat 'down- to1 indite a letter. ' He was singing the fag-end of some thing as he dipped his pen in the ink. ' 1 'Bindttie «ea-to olumbtr Rfcilly-r' ' # Bind its odonr to the lily— ' ' Bind thoaapen ne'or to quiver— ? ,' Then bind love to last forever 1' ; 'Danton Hall, February 26; 18— . 'My Dbae I/AODbbdadb!— I think I promlaad, when I loft Windsor, to write to tell you how I gob oniin thia^orribly Arotio rogiod. Iti 1b nonrly two months ainoo I left Windsor, and my oonaoienoo (rion't lanffh — I havo discovered, that I have a oonaolonoo) rIvor inn snndry twlagoe when I think of you, 1 don'f; feellike sloeplDg to-night. I utn full ot my subject, no here gnes. . .?; ' ? ' ?. ? '?? 'I the first place, Miss Danton iti well, and nnmuoh of an angnl nnuyor. In th« sooond plnoe,Dantnn Hull in dolightful.undlioldiimoroantiolethimono, In tho third i tilace, Kpnald Keitli in hero; and half mad i with -junlouBy. ' The koenent north wind that ha* nvitr blown Bince I omne to Uanuda in not h-ilf an freezinff as he, Alan, poor Yotiolc) ha iH » Qno, fellow, too, and fought like n lion in tho Ruesinn trvnohos) bub thyro -rnn Sumaon, «nd David, ami: Solomon, and Mnro Antony — you knot? what lovo did ti them, one aad nli. ' ' '[[['.'? ' Katn ref U8ad Wrti a. year ago, in England— I found it out by ncoldent— not from her, of ooiubrj nnii' yofc ham ? he i«. It in the old ntery of tlitf moth. and tho candle, and lomotlmen I laugh, and Bometiniea I am sorry , for, him, ? He ban elpfhfc tboupund a yfiar, 'fcqoj and the, Keiths are groat ponpln in SootlandVl hear..' Didn't I always try to imprnnn it on you tnat it. tran nattier to do »orn bandnomn than rloh P I am not worth ? flftoen1 hundred abtllingA a year, and: in Juao (D. V.) beautiful Kate Danton is to be my wife. Buonnt; your hnreBy, and h«liive for the futurp. , 'AngorNo. 2— I told yon thiro were morn than on«— \\\m hucel oyeBi pink ohnalts, nuburn ourln, and thn dK»r«ab little wnya. Sho is not beatthiful— ' bIio in not stufcaly — aha damn not play and sln^ fcho soul out of your body, and yot— and yet-'~— Lnurtnrr dalo, you alwaya told me my peurlpos fiancat vm a thou»»nd tlmcB Jroo «o«d for m«. I nevor hollered you hpfoi-o. 'I do bellovo you now. She aoiirs beyond' my reaoh BouiatimcB. I don't pretsnd tn understand - hey, - and — toll it nob in Oath — I stand, a. littlo in b\to of hor. I novor Waa on Bpanking terms with hor moah Kraoioua Mujoaty, whmn heaven lonp prcuei'vp j but if I were, I fancy I should feel as I do aotnutimfls tinlklnt; lo Kato, Sho Is perfection, and I am — well I nm.nob, and aho is vary fond of mo. Would nh« break hor Imart, do you think, If «ho doau not ba-. 00M8 Mrs, Ka^inald Stanford P Juno ia the time, but thorn lo ninny a slip. I know what your anawnr W[H ye__'Slin will break hor henrt if aho dona I' It is a had budlno'f, 'Id heyt hnt it is Me,ot wo will any so— and havol oyo9 and nuburn curls aro very, vury touiptinir. ' You uiiod to think a good dorel of Onpbaia Dhu ton, it I reeollf ot ii){hli. By tho wny, how old is thn OnptaiuP I aik, boanuto thoro la n houso kanpor here, wlw is a diatnnt ooubIh, ono of the family, vory qulot, sonaiblo, li\dy-liko, find bIx and twanty, and who mny bo Mra. Captain Dantnn ouB' day. Mind, I cJoi/fc say for ctortain, but I lisvo my Btiapioloue. He couldn't do bettitr. Qrnoo— thatd her name— has a brother hore, a doctor, vtry lino follow, and so outo. I oatoh him looking nt mo acmotimoain a very poonliarainunor, whiali I tniok i undiritindf 'Tou don't azpect nio before Jane, do yon P Nevertheless, don't faint if |I retnrn to onr 'right little, tight little island, before that. Meantime, write and let me kne-r how the world wags with you; and only I know it i« out of yonr iine, I should aak you to offer a prayer for your unfortunate friend, ? 'Reginald Stanford.' CHAPTER VIII. TUB OIIOST AGAIN, Hose Danton stood leaning against tho low old fashionod chimney piece in her bed-room. — staring at the, fire with a very sulky face. Those who fell in lovo with pretty Rose should have seen her in her sulky moods, if they wished to be thoroughly disenchanted. Just at present, as she stood looking gloomily into the fire, sho was wondering how the Honourable Reginald. Stanford. would feel on his wedding day, or if he wouid feel at all, if they should find her (Rose) robed in white floating in tho fuh-pond, drowned. The fish-pond was large enough ; and Rose moodily recollected reading somewhere that when lovely woman stoops to folly, . and finds too late that men betray, the only way to hjdo that folly from every eye, to bring re pentance to her lover, to wring -hi*- bosonv is. to— die ! Tho clock down stairs struck eleven. Rose could hear them disporsing to thoir rooms. She could hear, and sLo hold her breath to listen, Mr. Stanford, going past her door, whistling a tune of Kate's. Of Kate's, of courso ! He was happy and could whistle, and she was miserable and couldn't. If she had not wept as dry as a wrung sponge, she must have relapsed into hysterics once more ; but as she couldn't, with a long drawn sigh, she resolved to go to bed. So to bed Rose went, but not to sleep. She tossed from Bido to side, feverish and im patient; the more she tried to sleep the more she couldn't, . It was quite a now Experience to poor Roso not used to ' tears at night , instead of slum ber.' The wintry moonlight was;' shining, brightly in ker room through the parted cur tains, and that helped her wakefulneslj per haps. As the clock Btruck twelve, silo sprang up in desperation, drew a shawl around her, and, in hor night dress, sat down by the window, to contemplate tho heavenly bodies.' .: . 1 Hark I what noise wan that ? The house was as still as a vault ; all had retired, and woro probably asleep. , In the, dead stillness, Roso henrd a door open — the green baize door of Bluebeard's room.; Her chambor was very near that green door ; thero could be no mistaking the, sound. Once again sho hold her , breath to listen. In the -rofound hush, footsteps echoed along tho un carpoted corridor, and passed her door. Was it Ogden on his way upstairs P No ! the foot steps paused at the next ' door— Kato's room and there was a light rap. Rose, aflame with curiosity, tiptoed , to' her own door, and applied hor oar to the .koyholo. Kate's, door opened^ thero was a whispered colloquy ; tho listener could not catch the words, but tho voice that spoke to Kate was not tho voice of Ogdon. 'Five minutos — ten — then the door shut, the footsteps went by her door again, and downstairs. ? ? . ?? 'Who ':wob it ? 'Not Ogderf, not her fatlior; Could it be— could it be Mr, Richards him Bolf ? - .:? ' : . Rose clospod' her hands * and stood bowil dorod.i Hor own troublo» had so occupied her mind of lato that she had almost forgotten Mr. Richards j bat now her old curiosity re turned in full force. ..'??, ' If he has gono oat,' thought Roso, 'what is to hinder mo from Booing his rooms ? I would give thq world to see them !' She stood for a moment irresolute. ' Then, impulsivoly she seized a dressing gown, covered hor bright bead with. a1 shawl, opened her door softly, and peeped out. '' * All still and deRorted. ' Tho night-lamp burned dim at the other end' of the llong, chilly passage, but throw no light Tvhere' she stood, ' The gi-cen baize door stood temptingly half open) no creature was to.be seen— no sound to be heard.- Rose's heart throbbed fast; the mysterious stillnesu.of the night, the ghostly shimmer of tho moonlight, the mystery and romance of hor adventure sod every pulse tingling, but Bhe did not hesitate; Her slip perod feet crossed, the hall lightly ; sho. was beside the greondoor. \Thon there was an other pauso — a moment's breathless listening, but.the dead stillness of midnight was un brokon. She tiptoed down tho short corridor, and looked in tho room, The study was quito deserted ; a lamp burnod on ihe_ table 'strown with books, papers, and writing materials Roso glanced wondoringly around at , the book-lined walls. Mr. Riohards oould pass tho dull lioui's, if thoso were all novels, she thought. '? '?' '.'..'' ,:' Tho room, beyond was unlighted, ? save by the moon shining brightly through the parted curtains. Roso examinod it, too j it was Mr. ? Richards' bedroom, but the. bed had not been slopt in that night. . Everything was orderly and ologantj no ovidoncos of its oaoupant boingan invalid. Ono rapid, comprehensive glance waH all tho girl waited to take ; then hIio turned to'luirry back to her own room, arid, fonhdhersolf face to facowith Ogdon; - Tlio val^t stood in the doorway, looking at her, his countenance wearing its habitual calm and rospoctful bxp,re»»ion. 'But Rose rocoilod and tarnod as white as thougl'i ho wore a ghost. ; (To bo continued,) '? _' ?? ? 