The Vagaries of a Ghost. An extraordinary adventure befel Constable Uar land andasupernuinerarycoo8table of Xo. 2 Division early on Friday morning. H»rland»nd bis mate were patrolling along Clisdell-S.lreet,' Strawberry. Hills at miduigt't.' It was Aark and 'dreary, and tbe beat was a lonely one, a most favorable time for the visitor from the nether world to indulge in ei few playful antics. There is au untenante'l house on tbe corner of Daweon aud Clisdell streets, for merly occupied as an hutol. The police BBually give strict attention to empty, houses to prevent tbe fittings being stolen, llarland was just In the act of pointing out the premises to his mate, whom lie was showing round tbe beat, when tbe pair of them descried soruethiug black Bitting on tbe door step. At first ft looked like a houseless vagrant »leep on the doorstep. ' Tlte officers approached, and Harland atrelohed out Jiis hand to grasp tbe bundle when, lo and bohold. it- rose up gently and before the eyes of the astonished policemen vanished through the ' thick' door. ' Georgie' and (i Cissy' the bubbles had heard about, but this was altogo tlier too much for their oom prehension. ' What little game is this ?' they queried. . Determined to solve tbe mystery at' all costs, Harland called to his mate to follow him, and they started round the back to explore. An ontrance waa effected to the deserted house by Ihe back door, and the offioem drawing their batons started to discover the whereabouts of the ghoitly Intruder. A mitoh was struck ' and by the glimmering light they groped forward towards the sttirs. Eight In front of them sitting on the stairs ard wholly un concerned was the apparition they had reeti dis appear through tbe doorway. Both officers ' went for' the ghost with their batons, but at the critical moment the niatoh went out aod left them in dark ness. Unfortunately it was the last in their postes sion, and Harland despatched Ms mate for ft fresh supply wblle he remained on guard over tbe ipook with drawn baton. The supernumerary constable returned in a lew minutes with toe matches, and once more they itarted forward to seek an eluoltaliou. The do- ' tmterialiserl visitor was still on the Blairs, but as tho constables monute'l lowaidsilit roso up in that light am) airy fashion peculiar lo spooks, and put the whole length of the stairs belwceu itself, and the inquisitive constables. The latter, however, were not to be thwarted, aud they followed io pur suit. 'There it in, strike another match,' sh'ii) one officer lo the other. The ghnst was then but a couple of yards away, »ni looked wondering!}' at the police. Tho match was struck, but the spook did the vanishing trick again, and this time flitted intu one nf the apartments on tho first floor. For about a quarter -if an himr the police kept up the chase, but only with indifferent success. Now from one coom to another, then downstairs and back, again, in fact all over the house the unearthly marauder sped, with the officers ever close behind, without, however, getting to close quarters. Fifteen miuutcs of this geutte exercise left the officers per spiring freely, and totally unable to curry on I ho hunt. Disheartened and discouraged they returned downstairs, leaving the ghost, as they imagined, going through some acrobatic gyratious iu one of the upstairs rooms. As they reached the bottom they turned tn take a last look round, when they beheld it following in their wake. Rvidcutly the ghost reckoned that it was its turn to assume the role of pursuer, and it was quick to act on the idea. This wds too much fjr the officers, an-l they made all speei to g°t out of the house an1 into the street. Fortunately they succeeded in escaping the ghostly clutches, but they are far from satisfied at the results of their labors. Tiie officers describe tho apparition as being of a most extraordinary appearance. It had a piir of flippers like iv seal, aud the upper part towards where the bead ought to be was enveloped with what looked like bags. Hundreds of persons visited the scene on Friday night, but the 'spirits did not work' for some reason or other. A search was made in the interior of the premises, but if some artful joker duped the constables be did his work cleverly, for certainly not a trace of ' hia little game ' could be brought to light. Constable Flarland, however, it is stated, still adheres loliis oiigiual statement made to the senior- sergeant at the police station, when his mate and himself returned from the chase after the apparition. A former teuant of the house and several neighbours look upon the matter as a j'ke. ? 