A GERMAN WEAVING; VILLAGE. An Intelligent correspondent has written an account of hi* visit to a little- known district of Germany, from which we take the following: — About 200 miles from the German capital, ia the uoithern part of the province of Silesia, there is a line of low hills called the H-.yi.taek Mountains. Scattered among these hills, sometimes in villages and again in detached and isolated log cabins, are to be found about 2,000 people, who are culled the Hunger- Menschsn— human beings who never have enough to eat. Their busii ess is hand- loom weaving, and it has beencariiuJ on so long on starvation wages that their bodiis have shrunk and dwindled until the anthri poh^ist may almost classify them as a separate si eeies of the human family. Most of) .these weavers live in the' little county of GUtz, |but a few hours' ride from Bteslau, aud Goldbach is the Schaudfleck or shame spot of ; .Germany. It was a cold, rainy April morning that. Ryborg and I climbed from Reinerz to the broad: plateau on which the miserable little l.amlet is; .situated. In about 30 minutes of stiff climbing! we reached the top, and Goldbach lay before us.' Its low cabins weie strung along both sides of the roadway for nearly half a mile, and even, from where we stood we could hear thej monotonous click-clack of the long lineof looms.' Borne little children ran into the cabins to make known our arrival. The click-cIark •topped for a moment, and ghost-like faces peered out of the windows. Such withered human beings I bad never seen before. Theiri I •yes were sunken and dull, and the skin on' their faces when ni t sickly white was of a; dingy yellow hue. Tuty looked out upon usi bewildered, and then fell back to their looms,; and the click-clack began afresh. We wan-: dered on to the end of the hamlet and then' back to the inn, and the ouly living creatures. we saw were the children and the faces in the' window. There was uot a horse or dog any-', where in sight, and the impression the littlevillage gave us was that of an isulated settle-', ment, ehut off from human sympathy and even; deserted by the dimestic animals, Herr Sammek, the mayor, was a wrinkled! little man, hardly up to my shoulder, and there' [ was a worried look in his face which I bad not'i noticed among the other villagers. It comes, I:' faney, from the weaiying efforts to collect • village taxes. He was anxious that we should have his official statement of the caBb. Geld- i bach, he said, was the poorest place in the; I entire district. There are nearly a hundred | weavers in the village, and they just barely: j exist. In the Bohemian-speaking villages fir- I ther to the west the weavers have always had; I the alternative of working in the woods or at) j their looms as they chosen and they are conse- j quently better situated. In Goldbach, however,' j this ohoice has never existed, and the villagers' | Are BOW SO weak and unaccustomed to out-door labour that they simply cannot undertake it. | .All that they are capable of is a little work . 'in their gardens and weaving, and the com-;! petition with machines is so great that their; • «loth must be sold at the very lowest prices.', ffhe Government in 1852 bought the land in I lOoldbach and resold it to the weavers on the; ( instalment plan, each settler promising to pay j 'five marks a year on bis lot till the debt was 'cancelled. Before that time the village had j ibeen in the hands of large land proprietors, and fb was purchased from them in the hope that | 'personal ownership of house and garden would j give the weaver a new impetnsto work. Had ! there been enough work for them this hope, no j doubt, would have been realised, but baud-loom I ;weaving is so little in demaud to-day that the lots are still unpaid for. The average annual income of a family of eight peesons is not more Ithan 400 marks, or less than £20. This is sup-, posed to cover all expenses, and it is not hard ito understand why there are so many I (mortgages. The maiu kinds of weaving-done in Goldbach jut shirtings, handkerchiefs, sheets, and ticking.] A middleman, living in Reiners, furnishes the] law staffs, and then buysithecloth at a valua-j BOB agreed upon before/band. The Govern-' meat has also had some -work doneibere, but as K usually wants towels for the -army, and the weaver) are too weak to do suobheitvy wearing,; the middleman is the main employer. If there! is a flaw in the cloth returned to him it is not, paid for, and a caise is known where a woman worked two weeks on some sheetings and all payment for the cloths delivered was refused; because of some little mistake. The bill of fare In the village varies a little in the different cabins, but in the main it oonasts of rye, coffee, rye bread, and meal. A qneer mixture of dough aod meal is the favourite dish for Sundays. Potatoes are eaten when: cheap wwHgh. Most of the weavers have! little gardens where they raise all the-vegetables Iher can. botlMr lots are so small *hat they give out very early in the winter. Meat is sel-' dom seen. Herr Sammeck has it once a week,; but he earns au extra 150 maiks a year for bit.' public service*, and can afford it. The others, get a taste of it once in six months. The: greater part of the weavers in Goldbach are: blrod kii dred, and married couples are frequently first cousins, but malformed children are turprisingly rare.. Nearly svury household has at leabt four boys and girls, and up to ten years of age they remain in good health. I aeked Herr Pabl, as he bad remaiked upon the fact, how he accounted for it. He shook bis head doubtfully, and at first did not seem tu have any explanation to give, but he finally said, " Na ! the air helps a little !" When the childr. n begin to weave, however, the life soon tells on them, and if they keep it up thay grow thin and weak. As soon as a child can turn the crank of the spooling machine he is enlisted into the ser- vice, at d has almost us many hours of toil as his parents. At five o'clock, summer and? winter, he must be up and doii g, and after the 1 few hours at school and play, be works on into! the night with his elders. I asked Hr rr Sam-! mek it' he did not think the older people would; be strong if they worked out of doors a little—( oil farms for example. "We have tried it," he replied, " but we are too thin blooded. Even, in summer, if the wind blows hard, wo t-liiver as you do in winter, and no farmer will take us." " But could you not go into factoiies ?" A look, of despair cumc into bis face. " It is tl.e same tl.ing there," he answered. "If we ask a manufacturer for work, he says we can't do enough. You see we lack the strength to run the big m:chines, and in factories they w,nt p ople that can work hard. No; all that we can do is to weave." In answer to an inqu'iy why there is so little work, be said that the . factori's controlled the market, and it was only by working cheaper than factory hands that home weavers were able to find any work at all. There is also a prejudice, he said, against handloom cloth. Early in the afternoon we started out on onr round of the c abins. The first one belonged to a woman nearly 60 years of age, who had been a weaver ever since her eighth year. I had heard that she took part in the revolution. " Oh, that was a terrible time," she said, holding her finger against her nose in a characteristic Gerirsu way. " We had only grass to eat then. I remember my mother sending me oat many a night to cut grass and dandelions for the evening soup. I wasn't in the revolution myeelf, but my lover was. Re never came back " And the poor old soul began feeling around in the threads of theloom. "Oh,yes; it's much better now," she continued. " We have, bread every day, and you can't starve on that, can you f" We called next on Herr Pabl, as he hrd asked us to twke hip pictnre. Wo found ; *lim waiting for as on his doorstep, and as we entered the cabin he picked op a sore-eyed skeleton-looking baby, saying, "Gentlemen, this is my eleventh." We saw bat six children, and asked where the rest were. " In the graveyard," be returned, and I fancied that I saw a look of thankfulness on his face. "1 don't want charity," he explained, " but I do think •they might give me work. If I had enough to ;do I could feed my childrea on bread at least, Ibut now I can't earn over three marks a week. That's the reason the other childrea died. They weren't sii k—no one gets sick here—they just got thinner and thinner and withered away," At all of the other cabins we heard practioally 'the same story. The looms were always clicking, and the children were either qsooting or peeling potatoes. 