literature. A VALUABLE LIFE. By ADELINE SERGEANT. Author of 'A Rogue's Daughter,' 'A Life Sentence,' ''Sir Anthony's Secret,' 'Marjory's Mistake,' ' Or. Eudioott's Experiment,' 'Jacobi'sW' .'?-.' -S:e. [Published by special arransjemen \\.'..'- ilis Aui'iJ . Ail rights reserve '. ; Chapter XI.— A Last Afj-K^tvrcs:. Dr. Iteming and 'ii.s vito f- j — » ? -i-«-«4. ] difficulty in making up their 1,1.1—.. to iv.-cept Miss Kettlowell's present. Although tlify had [ always allowed their girls to visit her they hud . been resolute against receiving favors, and lo Mrs. Fleming at least there seemed something of an insult in Miss Kettlewell's obvious con viction that she could not drew her daughters j properly. But the did not put tliis f (.-cling \ into words and her husband, alter a little j hesitation, told her that it wouid be un- ' gracious not to accept a Rift concerning which j the old lady had evidently taken bo much | trouble. It was Chloe who was most diiticuit ? to convince on tho subject She wanttdto; tsend tha dress bask at unco and to wear hi r own old silk. But Milly wa3 overjoyed. She was too young to understood the reasons of tho long-standing coolness between her parents and their relatives and, as she said, Aunt Keturah i had latolv been much more kind lo her. 'I j believe she is really growing fond of us, mother,' she said. 'She was ever so nice to us tho other day when we were tin re, and slio was awfully pleased that I was going to dance with Lord Heron.' The father and the mother exchanged glances. 'Shu must have sent to London or even to Paris, for these dresses,' Milly went on i:i ecstasy, 'They are quite as beautiful ai Frances's dress, yet not a bit like ? ' 'Did you tell her about Frances's dress, Milly V asked the mother, quickly. 'Yes, mother. She always likes to hear about pre:ty dresses, you know, although she wears such old-fashioned things herself.' ' I hope Ehe did not think— any thing ? ' ' What could sho think?' said Milly inno cently. 'Not that I was jealous of Frances's frocks, mother dear. Indeed, 1 told her I wasn't. Bui we may wear these, may we not? If is so very, very kind of her.' 'Wear them and 'be happy,' said her father, smiling ; and Milly flew oif on the wings of tho wind to announce tho decision to Chioc. 'It is very plain how the idea suggested itself,' remarked Mrs. Fleming, book- what ruefully. Tho child could not hr.ve done it better if she had been brought up to consult all Keturah Kettlavrall'B pot prejudices,' said Dr. Fleming with an air of half-repressed annoyance. 'J hopo nobody will think us capable of doing that. Bu» tho description of Frances Corbet's clothes ? ' ' And the dancing with Lord Heron ? ' 'Ah, yes ! it was jusl iho way Jo piovuke Cousin Keturah into doing an extravagant thing. I'm afraid the di esses are very hand some, aro they not, Margaret 7' 'Absurdly so. I don't like it at all, Tom. If 'pcoplu hear that she provided tho flrcsbcs — and certainly we could not have afforded any thing so beautiful— they will say th:it slid means to lo-v- them her money and that wa aro paying court to her for that 'purpose.' 'Nuver mind what people sav, Magzic ! Wo liavo KDUicthing butter to do t!ra:i to trouble ourselves about gossip. Aud as for her money— trust Keturah for that. She has long ago vowed that she would not leave us a penny, and I sincerely hope she won't.' 'Ah, Tom, you would have had it nil very likely but for me. She used to be ko fond of you.' 'And 1 would sooner have my own dear wife than all tho riches in the world,' said the doctor, putting his arm round her still slender figure, and kissing tho gentle face. It must bo confessed that Mrs. Famine; felt herself a very shabby figure beside her exquisitely - dressed daughters when they entered ^ho ballroom. Chloo had dune her best to renovate her mother's black satin, and to m«ud tho old lace with which it was trimmed ; mid Mrs. Fleming was too graceful not too look well ; but for onco her girls' un usual brilliance made her nervous and shy. Miss Kettlewell's idea had been magnificent. No girls that night were more beautifully dressed than the country doctor's daughters ; and even Frances's stately beauty was scarcely more admired than Chloe's graceful fairness aud Milly's kittenish charm. Certainly many of tbo guests made no secret of their admiration ; and it was very obvious that wherever Chloo went young Mr. Derrick might be found in close attendance, and that Milhcent seomed, in some mysterious manner, tolje always in company with Lord Heron, except when he was dancing 'duty dances' with partners chosen by his mother. 'I think, dear, you have danced enough with Lord Heron,' Mrs. Fleming murmured into Milly's ear before the evening was over, and Lady Hernesdale said something sharp to her liusband concerning their eon's partiality for that chit of a doctor's daughter who was so extraordinarily over-dressed. 'Over-dressed, is she?' eaid Lord Hernes dale, who was a good-natured man with an eyeglass. ' Now she looks to me remarkably simple and good form— all white and no frip peries, you know.' 'You men have no ideas what those dresses would cost, 'said his wife. ' I daresay old Miss Kettlewell provided them,' said the earl hitting the truth at once, aa in spite of his easy looks he generally did. And depend on it that means she is going to leave them her money. In that case, my dear. Heron would not do badly.' 'Nonsense! Old Miss Kettlewell is raoro likely to endow a hospital tor cats,' said Lady Hernesdale and perhaps she was right. Pretty little Milly, with her flushed smiling face aud sparkling eyes, did not know the excitement that sho was creating in the breasts of various parents. Hitherto nobody had taken much notice of herself and her sister at the very few entertainments at which they had been present. Now they were tho observed of all observers. Was it because of their dress ? or was it because of the rumor which was fly ing about the room that Miss Kettlewell had declared them her heiresses V All that Milly eared about was tho knowledge that her old nlavfellow had not forgotten her. that he had danced with her as often as he could, that he had said some strange delightful thingB that she could never forget, aud that she wished the evening would last for ever ! Charlie was 'nicer than ever,' she said to herself ; he did not tease her now aud he said that lie had often thought of her while ho was at Oxford. Life under these conditions was perfectly beautiful to Milly. Chile's sense of enjoyment was more troubled than her sister's fc-lie had many partners, but j she distinguished none of them by particular . favor. Slie was conscious throughout the ! evening of being watched by eyes that wero I gloomy and reproachful from under brows that were bent .is in displeasure or pain. And she! knew why. She had more than half promised ! ii dancu to Andrew Durrick, who was there because it was one of Lady Hernesdale'a pro miscuous olla podrida dances, and because he had won all sorts of honoru at Oxford during ! the preceding year; and she had not kept !:er ' promise. Siic did not quite know why. Per- j haps ho had not arrived as eariy as he oujbt to have done ; perhaps she was a little shy ; at any rate, by the time tint he reached her her | card was lull and ho had retired without a word, only watching her afterwards with those ' reproachful eyes which made her feel uncom fortable. She tried to make things better a little later in the evening, when her partner had j gone to fetch her an ice, ami she found An- \ drew at her elbow, looking disconsolate. 'Aro you not dancing);' the asked, plea santly. : 'No; I have no heart for daucin? since: you would not dunce with me.' | 'You came su late,' she said, looking down. ! 'Was that the o.ily reason ?' j 'The only leason?' sho repeated, not un derstanding' his wu-Jr. There was a little bitterness in liis lone as lie replied — 'Surely you know what everyone is saying ? That you are lo inherit your aunt's great ; wealrli : you and your sisters aro to be co- ! lieirtcbuaV Of course, old friends must be dropped in that case. I see the necessity.' ; ' Mr. DiTriLk, 3011 have no right to accuse , mo of a meanness,' said CLiloe, with dignity, i ' Besides, there is no iouudatiou for tho : rumor you have heard.'' Her partner returned at lh.it moment and Andruw nijvcd a way with a Low but there was a look 011 his face which fchoivcl Chine that ' .she had not uiaJe the slightest impression upon hi.; mind Ly way of convincing him ot his error. I Frances, beautifully dressed, as Milly Flem- j ing had said, was cr.e of the most striking features of the evening. She thought once or twice of the ijic*-ure oho was si id to resemble, ' but she had no time to visit it, for her eaid was : full, and, morfovir, .she. did not iil;e to suggest ' the expedition to any of her partners No doubt, she paid to herself, it was all an old ] woman's fancy, and there was . no more ; likeness to Lady KujUit-liue in her face tliun in those of a clo:;en other girls who had dark eyes and hair. Once or twice, sho caught the earl ; looking at her with a pua/.led eye as if he thought that he ought to know her and could . not quito maka out her identity. France-* j shrank aw.iy from him nt such moments. : What was she, Wib.s Weddcibum's daughter, j that sho should think it possible for thu Earl j of Jiernesdale to take any notice of her ':' 1 'Are. you tired, Frances?' Lanreneu said' once, looking at her as midnight grew near. *' Arc you enjoying yourself ?' 'Very much, indeed,'' she answered brightly. 'And is it not nice to see dear littlo Milly ? ! And has she not a pretty dress? UJd Miss Kettlewell got it for her and for Chloe, too— I quite; love her for that.' 'And, by all tho powers,' ejaculated Lau rence, 'here is Mits Kettlewell herself. There ivii a liltic crowd at tho door of the ballroom to sto thn rich and eccentric old lady, who hud - 01110— unbidden, it was said— to the . lioine which fthe had onco hoped to .-all her \ own. 1 3 1 ? r carriage has ju^t come up to tho ; door, aiuitho Karl himself had been summoned | to greet the visitor, who, with herslirinUingcom- j pauiou upon her arm, crossed tiio hall us if she ? were miatrcbs of the whole place. Her shabby L.ri!f:s lut J been discarded for a pearl-grey 1 Kitin, and a wonderful erection of costly laco and ostrich feathers waved u;;ou her head ; ' diamonds bla/.ed everywhere on wrists and ! neck and bodice; her .gold- headed stick might ' liavt! boon the want! of soma fairy godmother. ! Wiuillr.y M'.A bowing right and If it she ad- 1 vaneed to meet the Karl, to whom sho made a- ' prodigious curtsey, quite alter the fashion of ' ai; extinct ceiiool. ; ' You ha.y often askr d mo here, my lord,' six: snid, l.ei1 cracked sin ill voice sounding high over tho music [and the buzz of talk, 'and f j have never accepted your iiivitatici). But to- ; night 1 have ooiy.e, without invitation, to sec all once niorp, aiv! to tukl good-bye.' ' Mad ! Quito mad !'; was whispered on every bide, and the music tstoppul suddenly j ;iud the rl.nic.TS came crowding into tho hull | to seo what was wrong. Miss Weddwburn'a ' face was white as death; bho wore a scanty | black satin gown and carried a cloak on onu ; arm. It was evident that tho was terribly frightened and knew not what to do or what to say ; but the earl was quito equal to the situation. 'Miss Kettlewell, I am honored by your ap pearance. iMay 1 conduct you. to Lady Hcrues dale ':' 'Certainly, my lord, certainly. It is a pleasure to me to be hero once more' — and 3he laughed in a weird fashion which had no sound of merriment — 'and to seo my old friends. And my young friends, too,' sho said, nodding and smiling as she caught Bight of Chloo and Millicunt, who, with frightened ffteej, were very near her at their mother's side, 'my young relations, my lord. Allow me to present them to you and toyour friends; my heiresses, my lord, tho ladies of King's Leigh ! Ah, there will be fine junketings at King's Leigh when I am gone.' A sensation ran through the assembly. Mad though the old lady must be, it was certain that she had named Chloe and Milly Fleming as the successors to her house and her great wealth. Tho buzz of talk began again as she moved forward, bowing and smiling with the grace of long-forgotten days, upon Lord Hernesdale's arm. 'Oh, mother, eho is out of her mind. Can't we get her away t' said Milly in an agonised whisper to her mother. 'I. am afraid it would, excite her too much if I spoke to her,' said Mrs. Fleming hurriedly. ' Where is your father ? Perhaps he could in duce hor to go. Ah 1' in a tone of relief — ' there is^Laurence. He will manage every thing. And then, Milly, we ourselves must go.' 'Yes, mother,' said Milly with a little quiver in her voice. Then came another whisper in a deep tone at her ear. 'My father's got the old lady in tow. What does it matter what she says? You needn't mind.' 'Oh, Charlie,' said the girl, falling back guite unconsciously into her old way of nam ing him, ' I am afraid she is very ill. She never spoke or looked like that before.' 'She looks uncommonly jolly,' said Lord Heron. 'What splendid diamonds she has got on ! Oh, don't be alarmed about her, I'm awfully glad she came.' All the more glad in his heart of hearts, because he knew that no shadow of opposi tion to his love-making would arise, now that Milly was declared one of the heiresses of old Keturab Kettlewell. Laurence had gone forward and entered the library, where Miss Kettlewell had been placed in a chair of honor, with Lord and Lady Hernesdale doing her homage and paying her every attention. Secretly, Lady Hernesdale was furious and her husband perplexed. It was an incident which seemed likely to spdil the evening's entertainment, for tho rumor that Miss Kettlewell was mad had gone abroad and careful mothers were already hurrying their daughters to the cloakroom and ordering their carriages. The appearance of Laurence seemed to please : the old lady. She smiled and nodded and '. waved her fan at him as ho drew near. Frances . had followed, drawn by a, strange fascination, until she stood opposite Miss Kettlewell. And Miss Kettlewell nodded and beckoned also to her. 'That's well,' she said. 'I was onco to ? have married a Hernesdale, as all of you know ; but it was not to bo. Another generation shall j carry out the plans that wore then begun, and | King's Leigii and Hurnesdale and Heron and | Corbet shall be all as they were in the days of old.' The listeners shivered. What was she going to say J Lord Heron suddenly Hushed scarlet, : and Frances, on whom her eyes were resting, ! turned very pale. Miss Kuttiuwell uttered an eldritch laugh. 'There she is ! Lady Emmeline,' sho said, pointing to Fiances aud then to a picture above tho mantelpiece. 'Don't you sec it? Isn't it a good likeness? Emmeliue, you were always a good friend to me,' bho 'went on addressing Frances 'but how is it that you are so young and beautiful still whiie I am old and grey :' There was a strange pause. Frances stood looking at her without a word, and the eyes of j the assembly were lixod first on her and then on tho picture above the mantelpiece, which represented a dark-eyed girl in white with a bouquet of white loses in her hand. As it happened, Frances carried white roses too. ' What a wonderful likeness !'' someone said. 'But Lady Ennnelinejdiec! fifty years ago.' The words were not meant to be heard, but they canin, most unfortunately, to Miss Kettlewell's ear. ' Do you say that Emmeiine is dead ?'' she cried, throwing up her hands. 'Then it is her ghos-t I see ! limmcline, my friend, do you ' want me? And shall 1 coins ': ' I Hhe rose to her feet, made a step or two to wards Frances, then wavered, tottered, and | fel) back into her chair. Her face was grey ; her eyes closed ; her hands fell to her side. The lonely woman's day was over, her life was ebbing fast. They thought it was a corpse ! that they would have to carry to King's Leigh. CiiAi'TEis XII.— In* the 'Waking IIouiis. The llcriinsdalcs' ball and its unlooked-for termination became of course the topics of tho day. The extraordinary appearance of Miss j Kettlewell, who, as it speedily transpired, had j never bouii invited; her remarkable dress, her] diamonds, hur airs and graces, would never bo ] forgotten by those who had been present at ; the scene ; and her announcement that Chloe j and Milly would inherit her great fortuno gave a touch of interest to tho story such as might have been lacking if Miss Kettlewell had been : less rich or the Flemings less popular. TIipii : tho curious likeness which had now been dis- ; cerned between the dead Lady Emmeliue and : Mr. Corljet's ward was a most engrossingtheme. ' liven the carl was startled by it. Frances ' Corbel's face had seenivd vaguely familiar to j him, but ho had not connected it with any ' member of ilia own family. Now, however, j the fact was patent ; it was common property ; ' M iss Corbet was 'tho exact image' of Lady' lCinmeiino Heron as she had been before her I marriage, so people said, and poor old Miss ; Kfltlewcll had mistaken the girl for her friend's ghost aud had thought that she herself I was summoned to her death by tho visitant ' from another world. 1 It was painful enough for Francos at tho i timo, when sho stood fronting the - Id lady, i with the group of onlooker.-! ever pressing ; nearer, and casting curious glances Jirst at her j and then at tho picture above the mantelpiece ; ? it was extreineiy painful for Laurence, who ; bugan to feel that lie had put tho girl into a faJse position and that it might be necessary for him to make known, much against his will, who Frances was and where ho had met ' with her. j It was painful also to Lord Htrnesdale, ' who, while Miss Kcttlcwell was being con- I veyed to her carriage — for after all bho was ! not dead, but only insensible, cauio up to j Laur'-nca and touched him on the aim. Frani.-cs was cloaking herself with the Flemings in an ante-room, and Laurence waited to see her before lie v/tnl with Dr. ' Fleming to King's Luigh. Tho earl spoke in ! a, subdued voice. I ' I am very sorry for all this, Corbet, and - for your aunt's sudden illness.' j 'I am extruiu':ly sorry that we should have been bo troublesome to you, my lord,' fcaid j Lr.urencu courteously. i ' There is one thing I want to ask — this ex- j trnordiuary likeness of your ward to my Aunt ] Kmmeline; it is quite unmistakable. Do you know of any connection — any reason why it filiould be so?' ' Mono in the least. I have not the slightest reason to supuosd that there can bo any con nection.' 'It is just n curious coincidence, then. I fear that it had a disastrous effect on Misa I Kettlewell's miii'J.' ' i am afraid ray aunt's illness has been coming on for sumo time,' eaid Laurence Corbet. 'This delusion about Frances has appeared before now. It was nothing new ; she had a fixed idea that my ward resembled Lady Emnicliiie.' ' It is not to bo wondered at— the likeness is very remarkable.' Laurence felt impatient, but ho could say no more, for at that moment Frances appeared, looking white, but perfectly composed. He drew hur aside and spoke a word in her car. 'Frances, I must follow Dr. Fleming to my aunt's. Do you mind going back to Dcnstone without me? I will follow as soon as I am free.' 'Oh, no, I don't mind ; do just as you think best,' said Frances, without looking up. Ho could see that she had been much shaken by the scene. 'Poor little girl, keep up!' ho murmured Boftly. 'Don't let Mrs. Lester bother you. Get away to bed as soon as you can, I daresay I shall be back in good time.' The paternal caressing tone had seldom failed to bring a (.mile to Frances's face, but on this occasion sho still looked grave. Laurence «_J— '- — .- 'w-1 ~- w 'v»- « ' 'j ' - '-.-.us wondered what wob in her mind. He pressed her arm gently with his hand as he drew her forward to make her last farewell and to fol low Mrs. Lester to the carriage). He won a faint answering smile only when he said gocd byej and even in the anxiety as to his aunf s condition which now took hold of him he found himself preoccupied by the problem of Frances's extreme pallor and gravity. Could it bo that she was in some way angry with him ? Dr. Fleming and Miss Wedderburn had gone with Miss Kettlewell to King's Leigh. Thither Laurence repaired with all possible speed, and found the doctor and the com panion engaged in something like wordy war lare in a sitting-room leading out of Miss. Kettlewell's room. 'Who is with her?' said Laurence, break ing in upon the conference. . ' A trained nurse from the Rushton In 6rmarj',' said the doctor. 'I sent a special message for her at once, and I think it would be well, Mr. Corbet, if you, as Miss Kettle well's nearest relation, would represent to Miss Wedderburn that tho course we are taking is the usual and desirable one.' 'What do you mean?' said Laurence, turn ing to Miss Wedderburn with some sharpness. 'Any course that Dr. Fleming recommends is. of course, the right one. Have you any thing to say against it ?'' : ' 1 object, sir,' said Miss Wedderburn, in a singularly unpleasant voice, 'I object. 1 stronsly object.' 'And to what do you object ?' ' 1 object to the choice ot a nurse. I object to Dr. Fleming as a doctor. I think another doctor should be called in ; and I think that a London nurse should be procured and not 0110 who is under Dr. Fleming's influence.' 'Do yon know what you are saying?' queried Laurence sternly. ' Do you know that you are making a most extraordinary in sinuation '!' 'The woman's mad, I think,'' said Dr. Fleming, in an irritated undertone. 'No; I am not mad,' said Miss Wedder burn, facing round upon him determinedly. ?'13ut I am clear-sighted— too clear-sighted for you and your family. Dr. Fleming, I have long noticed the efforts you were making to secure an influence over the mind of my dear and esteemed employer ; and in her present condition I think it would be well if she had those around her who could be trusted and who were unlikely to be influenced by mercenary considerations.' ' In piain English,' burst out the doctor, who was hot-tempered and not given to measuring his word, 'this woman, Laurence, accuses me of wishing to get my poor old cousin out of the way and insinuates tliat I am ready to commit murder for my private ends.' 'After insulting one of Miss Kettlewell's relations in this way,' said Laurence, looking j steadily at Miss Wedderburn, 'you do not I expect, I suppose, to remain in Miss Kettle- : weJJ'a house? I will write you a cheque at once for anything that may be owing to you.' 'Excuse me, sir,' said Miss Wedderburn, drawing herself up with lofty disdain, ' but I j shall wait for my employer's dismissal— or j death — before I go. 1 am sure that she would ; wish me to remain near her, and therefore : unless she herself dismisses me I shall stay.' : Dr. Fleming and Laurence exchanged sip;- ' niticant glances. They knew that she was ? within her right. Tho could not turn her out of K'lig's Leigh as long as sho was in Miss ! Kettlewell's employ, and Miss Ivettlewell was j still living. They had no power to bid her go ; if she preferred to stay, but ouo thing they ! could do aud they did it. Dr. Fleming, after j formally asking Laurence's permission, gaye ; orders that Miss Wedderburn was not to be ! admitted to Miss Kettlewell's room, and also ? suggested that a London doctor and a London 1 nurse should be telegraphed for at once. j 'Send for Birkett,' said Laurence, naming j a, famous London specialist, 'and consult with ! him if you like; but, of course, we. have per- ? feet confidence in your treatment, Dr. Fleming. | 1 think it would be as well, Miss Wedderburn, ; it you wero to retire to your own room. You j are scarcely' needed here, and possibly you may j require some rest.' lie maintained a manner of perfect polite nfcss, but there wa3 something in his foco which made Lavinia Wedderburn afraid of j him. She hesitated, tried to protest, then j yielded to the grim command of liis eyes aud reluctantly left the room. But before the door closed she turned and uttered a menacing word. '' You may bo sorry for this some day,' she said. Then she was gone. 'What en earth does sho mean?' eaid Corbet iu a vexed tone. 'Is she off her head? Never mind her, Fleming; she is annoyed that the money does not seem to bo coming her way, that's the long and the short of it.' 'She puls me into a very awkward position,' said the doctor. 'Of course, I see that it is spile— tho spite of disappointment, because of what that poor demented old woman eaid about my girls ; but I aesuro you, Laurence, that I had rather they were poor all their lives than that we were accused of scheming and plotting for the sake of Keturah Ketllo weli's money. By Jove, if sho has left it to the girls I shall feel inclined to advise them to have nothing to do ivith it.' ' You couldn't do that very well, I think,' suid Laurence. 'Besides, tho most dignified thing is to despise the evil thoughts of evil minds', and act as you think right. You have attended Aunt Keturah for years, and you must not leave her now just becausa of that woman's spiteful speeches.' '' 1 will come if you desiro it,' said Dr. Fleming rather stiffly, ' but I will ask you to call in Dr. Spencer as well as myself, and we will meet Sir Jabez in consultation.' ' Don't take it to heart, old man. Nobody that knows you could suspect you of a mean- j ness,' said Laurence affectionately, and tho ' two men exchanged a warm grasp of the hand beforo dropping tho subject, as if by mutual consent. I ' 11 ow was it that tho poor old lady took it J into her head to go out to-night?' Corbet asked a little later of the old housekeeper, who came to meet him with a troubled face. ' Well, .sir, 1 suppose it is with hearing Miss Milly talk about it, and then tho getting of the dresses from London and so on sho grow excited over it and began to talk of the old days at Ueruet-dale, you know — almost wan dering like ; aud then, sir, I don't like to make mischief, but that Miss Wedderburn, sir ? ' ' Well ':' eaid Laurence as the woman paused. 'Sho seemed to me to bo exciting my mis tress, sir, making her talk of the old days on purpose aud saying 'Why don't you go to Hernesdale ? Why don't you go to-night ?' I heard her, air ; until my mistress flew into a sort of wild state and said, 'Yes, I will,' and ordered the carriage, and made me help to get out her diamonds, until I thought she had gone clean, stark, staring mad.' 'You ought to have stopped her, Mrs. Green,' Laurence said. ' What could I do, Bir? My mistress isn't an easy one to stop when she has set her heart on doing a thing ; and Miss Wedderburn kept on encouraging of her, though I think she was frightened at last and wanted to undo what she had done. But it was Miss Wedderburn you must blame, sir. not me.' ' What was hor object, I wonder?' Laurence mused to himself, as lie stretched himself on the couch provided for him at King's Leigh, where Dr. Fleming also stayed the night. 'Is it that my poor aunt has made a will lately which Miss Wedderburn hopes to get set aside on the score of insanity? It looks as though that might be it. A dangerous woman. A dangerous relfliion for Franoes if her true parentage becomes known.' He coulfc not sleep, add his thoughts turned agjj^M^raiftces and to the pallor and gravity- of.iier face when she had said goodnight Wiatrwaait she had been thinking « of? Was 8heiB|niply nervous and 'upset,' as women say, 'by thb exceeding painful ness -of the whole scene? Or was it thao some perception had come to her of the strangeness- and difficulty of her position, and was she thinking of some way of escape? Laurence honed not. He had tried so hard to make her happy and yet if sho were not happy whatwas Tie to do? He recalled tho days when she had been a child, when he had gradually won her affection and taken a delight in . Bhowing her what was interesting and beau tiful in the world He remembered* the happy days he had spent with her in different Conti nental cities, m Switzerland, in Italy, on the Khine, beforo she became old enough to require more of a chaperon than himself and a gover ness, bhe had seemed contented enough then Irtily of late a spirit of dissatisfaction had entered upon her and made her show some fatigue of their constant wauderings, and then it had been that Laurence had decided to brinir her home to Denstone and introduce her to the county as his ward. It would have been easy to do, he fancied, wjj iMl59 1fel.urah Kettlewell and the Weddorburns. Who would have imagined that Sila3 Wedderburn and liis cousin could have fouud their way to Rushton and King's Leigh? The meeting with her father had revived the girls saddest memories. Then Miss Kettlewell had disturbed her mind by connecting her with the Heron family. Lau rence said peevishly to himself. But Miss Kettlewell's appearance at tho ball and tho wild words she had used would certainly set people talking. There would ba a general ehoius of 'Who is she?' And unless Laurence Corbet and Frances were prepared boldly to acknowledge that she was the daughter of Silas Wedderburn there would be no cud of gossip, no end of tiresome queries, no end of doubt and speculation and false report. Laurence winced at tho thought of things that might be said. Q.Anci— sui- posing tlint she were known as bilas Wedderburn's daughter, what then? -vhy, then — Laurence could not help acknowledging it to himself— there would probably be a storm of indignation amongst the county families, to whom ho had intro duced her as his ward. They would say that he had deceived them, that he had brought into their midst a dissenting minister's daughter, of low birth, of humt)le origin, whom none of them wanted to know. They would promptly turn the cold shoulder to Frances— and to himself, but that would not matter. For Frances it would bo a painful and humiliating affair. Ho had never allowed any one to look down on her, but here he could have no chance of protecting her, she would bo patronised or coldly shunned, and ho did not think that Francos would brook either patronage or coldness very easily. ^l'orhaps lie exaggerated tho dangers and difficulties of her position. At any rate, it iieemed to him that he had put Frances into a very embarrassing situation and that it was his duty to get her out of it. Should he pro pose to her to go abroad again?. Or— should lie ask her to become his wife and be Frances Corbet in reality and no longer Frances U'eridei-burn? His blood ran faster in his veins, his heart began to beat madly, as ho thought of this possibility. His wife? Frances as his wife? Well; why not? And tho tumult subsided a little as he thought of the extreme suitability of such an arrangement. It seemed to him as though this had been what he had intended all along, although he had not been conscious of seriously thinking so until this moment. When should lie ask her? Would it be do cent to ask her while his aunt was on her deathbed? He thought it would— if, as Dr. Fleming had said, Miss Kettiewell was likely to live some days. It would be a complete answer to any questions asked of him or of her. Tho wedding could take place very shortly, no one would expect him to mourn very long for his old aunt. And then they could do as -they chose about recognising Silas Wedderburn, for it would not matter though all tho world knew whose daughter she was if she were also Laurence Corbet's wife. Ho was perfectly satisfied with tho wisdom of his ? decision, and he resolved that aa soon as ho could be spared in the morning, and if Miss Kettlewell were no worse, lie would walk ovoc to Denstone and scttlo matters with Frances without further delay. It was strange that he never asked himself whether Frances would accept him or not. He took it as a matter of course that she should. (To lecontinvcd.) 