TEE CHRISTIAN IN TEE WORLD. [By Robert 3?. Hortox, M. A., D. D. ]. ■I am iu the world, as ye are in the world.—1 John iv., 17. 1 - How are wo in this world, and what is our relation to it ? Are we in it and of it, Rolicd round in earth's diurnal course, With stocks and stones and trees? Or are we here as pilgrims, exiles, feeling, even in our tunes ot accommodation to our s rroundings, " the exile ot the heart ?" Are we here as a moment in an eternal evolution, coming and departing like those extinct monsters of the prime, that have left their remains in the tertiary rocks? Or are we here v with a task and a mission, am bassadors from a. distant court, wearing the insignia of an unseen sovereign, striving and achieving, uttering words that live and burn, returning to Him who sent us with an expectation of His approval? _ The answer to; these questions is for the Christian given in these words-=-" As Christ is so are we in this world." Our relation to the world is Bis; the part that He plays 'in the wqrld.is ours, i • We.say. it with some modifiea-' tious. Bor we are only comparable to Him by the grace which He communicates to us; we are the stream and He the fountain head, we the branches and He the tree. Yet we dis honor Him if in a morbid humility we depre cate the resemblance which He has instituted between us and Himself. • The "as" is only relative. "As not always used," said the Venerable Bede in. commenting on this passage, "to denote equality. It is also used to denote a certain similarity.' If, then, we are made in the image oi God, are we not as God; not on an equality, but in our degree Thence, there fore, is confidence given us in the day or judg ment. As He is we, also are in this world— viz., by imitating the perfection of that, love in the world of which He daily affords us an example from heaven." ■ Not with; any thought of equality, then, but humbly , claiming the resemblance to an original which ho has Himself estab lished and required; its to . claim, we answer the question—" How are we in this world ?" by the - far-reaching and humbling truth, ."As He is"—not as He was, . for though the lessons of the incarnation are essential,- they are not all. He was in the world to:show us hbwsHe is in the'world. And we are to be in the world as He. is. We | take the- story of those sinless years—the obedient childhood, the patient growth, the i active ministry of healing and teaching, the cross and passion, the tomb and the resurrec tion; universalize it, and apply it to the changing epochs,' to the expanding life of men, and we have there the general principle, the guide to our life to the way that we are in the world. . . . • . THE TWOl'OID NATURE. ■' But we must confine ourselves to one aspect of this resemblance. It is the keynote of the Gospel, to which this Epistle is an introduc tion, or a codicil, that He was in this world; as the Word of God made flesh, and is in this world as the Holy Spirit cf God a twofold nature, not in the metaphysical sense, but in the sense that;He in His person unites the two orders of Being. He lays His hands on two realms, the Divine and the human, and brings them together. Out of " the spiritual world He comes and casts an anchor in the human; out of the human He returns, and the | anchor is dropped within the veil. In this way, broadly speaking, He was and is in this world the intermediary, the link between God •' and man, between an eternal absolute and a transitory conditional, the ever-living pledge that God has a vital interest in our humanity, and that humanity has a home in God. And as He is in this world, so are we, we who are called'by His name because we are one with , Him, we who can humbly say that for us ft;' live is Christ. So are we in this world. Eacl of us is a song of two worlds—a link betweei, this world and that. Is the music of this 01 our lips? Its closing cadence will be the music of that. Do the mysterious harmonies oi that tremble through our hearts ? It that we may make them heard and felt in this. Here is the explanation of paradoxes of the human heart which were felt but not understood before Christ came. This is why we have the sigh of the exile on these pleasant shores, and reach yearn ing. hands across the seas'; ideally we come from a land beyond the seas. This is why we are here in the country of our sojourn. We are here with a message, we are -here with a mission, we are hero to save. We are of those whose ■ Twofold being is the mystic knot Which couples earth and heaven. For as He is, so are we in this world. Is it Dot this mediatorial position which determines our mode of activity as Christians, and in a special sense gives a meaning to our ministry as ministers? We are in the world; unlike our Divine Lord, we do not come into it, but out of it. To begin with, we are of it. In how many sorrowful ways are we conscious of this land of our nativity? Its soil is always on our. feet; its atmosphere is always in our lungs. But through Him Who is the Way we step out into the land of our ideal nativity. Tremblingly we enter the spiritual, and with His hand in ours we gradually find ourselves at home there. Arid then wo bestride the confines of the two realms,, and it is our business to be in the world, yet not of the world ; it is our redeeming agency to be ever drawing this' world to that in the spirit and in the manner of the Lord. And thus our problem, like His, is to remain firmly, and equally planted in :both, to hold,fast our divinity, yet so as not to lose our humanity ; to remain frankly and fully human, and yet to hold unbroken converse with God. V If we had to live" only for the world to come; our course would be plain; if we had to live only for this, . it i would be, however sordid, easy. " But we/have no more right to live for this world than for the next, for the next than for this. Our reason for existing as Christians is to couple the two. CONSTANT CONTACT WITH GOD AND HAN. ' Let me speak, therefore, first, of keeping in■ unimpeded contact with God; and, second, of keeping in .unimpeded contact "with men. To keep in unimpeded contactwith God there are two conditions which remain always the the same. \ One is to ardently and predomi nantly desire it-.The other is to mortify cer tain affections which are inconsistent ivith it. "1 havo set the_ Lord at my right hand." Is it not plain that it must be the master thought of life, tho constant pre occupation of the soul, if any sustained con verse witli God is to be secured? For even in the closer relationships of this life it is not possible to keep intimately near to another soul without au assiduous observance, and that suggestion of the lover, *'I think of thee by night . / . I think of thee by day." To keep in contact with.God it must become the definite object of life ; the thought-of the daybreak, " My eyes' prevent the dawn ;" of the hot noon, "As the hart pants after the water brook';" of the falling even, " .Return unto thy rest, O my soul." It must assume the passion of an exclusive love—" Whom have I in heaven but Thee? There is none upon earth whom 1 desire beside Thee." God will hardly converse with a man who prefers the converse of his fellow men. God cannot be the companion of .odd moments, the friend called in when Y more distinguished or more exciting cornpanions have : failed. When He is first, and the rest, at a long interval, are second; when heart and -flesh are crying out, and the vast treasure of the affections is staked upon finding Him and being in communion with Him; then, and not till then, a man begins to dwell in the secret place of the most High and to abide under the shadow of the Almighty. ; But this Bupremacjy and even exclusiveness, I of desire carries with it a bbldness in surrender-1 ing things which thwart it. " Who shall I ascend into the lull of the Lord? Or who] shallstand in His Holy Place? He that hath ; clean hands and a pure heart; who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity. - . There are things which never could or can subsist with that sustained converse of which we speak. And these things are sometimes near to us, and apparently indispensable, as our right hand' or , our right eye. For _ example, how can ye believe when ye receive honor one of another and seek not that which' cometh from God alone? Why, what is this—rare we seeking to please men?: Are we acting as if they held the crown which we desire ? Ho we wish to stand well with the World or even with the Church ! Are we secretly flattered when men, hll men, | speak well of us, vexed when we are criticised, J or; condemned, or ^ignored ? This temper of' mind, this Waiting on the approbation of our fellows, is a hindrance to a sustained converse with God. It must therefore be mortified by such manful self- suppression, and stopping of our ears as God's grace can give. Or in a broader principle still, "If any man love the world, the love of. the Father is not in him," this world which is too much with us, its tran sitory occupations, its pleasures 'and its interests, its politics and ■ newspapers, its -latest books, its interminable magazines, 'its fashions and its follies, its wisdom—"forthere is a wisdom of this world"—its arms, and viols and crowns, its pageantries and splendors, , the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye, and the vainglory of life. ; We distinguish among these things,!and say this is bad, this good, this doubtful. We propose to ourselves the enjoyment of the good, the avoidance of the bad, the ; coy dalliance with the doubtful. But* . for . hindering the converse with God, the • world has a whole has to be regarded with doubt, touched with caution —we may use, but, hot abuse it—for, the fashion of this world ohangeth, it all vanishes as the baseless.fabric of a dream. The world, and man as its denizen, is a vain show, to it you may not give your heart. The map of the world, and his portion in this life—you have nothing to do with him but to save him— ' He weaves and is clothed with derision. He sows and he shall not reap ; ■ His life is a watch and a vision Between a sleep and a.sleep. And it is for grasping some of these truths, however imperfectly and _ pervertedly, that monastioism, notwithstanding all, its abuses, deserves our consideration and even our imita won; _ . If some of as have failed in our life and ministry because we have been too entangled u " the affairs of this life," and detained from ■.erene. communion with God, have not others .ailed, I will not say beoause of too concen trated a communion with God, but because of a shy withdrawal into regions of study or medita tion, which are far removed from the life of our own time; and the men to whom we are sent? i'he Christian may become a recluse without attaining to the. honor of a mbnk. He may "gradually leave the tides of the world, not to plunge into the tides of Gpd, but simply to avoid society and the close personal grapple with men which was the distinctive feature of our Lord's earthly ministry. One may. retire beyond Jordan, and, .roughly clad and simply fed, may thunder timely messages to our gene ration, but that is in the days of the fore runnerl In the days of the Son of Man it is necessary to mix with men, to come eating and drinking, to be at their feasts and lamenta tions, to be a citizen, to exchange thoughts ih the streets, to preach upon the mountain side, to go into the homes, to court and en courage the personal conversations with those who may be seekers, to live in _the_ crowd, and to die between malefactors, winning some to God, execiated by others. Lamennais wanted to be buried among the nameless dead of Pere le Chaise—that is the Christian's proper impulse,, not to be separated from his fellows, but to be merged in them. 1 "at once a mystic and man of the would. " A son of man must not be a reoluse^ "I am a', man; I count nothing that belongs to man alien from: myself.'' What man is suffering or doing, what man is_ thinking or devising, what he finds' to be a diversion or a; delight, what he makes his god, what are his dreams of heaven or fears of*hell, I want to understand it'all, I must have it from bis own lips. • I would have my arm in his; shoulder to shoulder facing the same destiny, treading the same perilous ways. I am one with him, nor can I be divided from him. It was said of a_ distinguished minister of a previous generation that in his. later years he began the systematic study of Shake speare in order to come to the understand-, ing of men. What a strange device, as if he were shut up in a tower away - from human intercourse.' All Shakespeare's men and women are. here about us. living in" the same streets with U3, worshipping in the same church. Shakespeare's greatness lies in this, that he draws the men and women that we know. All Shakespeare's .- dramas i are hero transacting . themselves / before, our eyes. Is there a congregation wbich dobs not. furnish its tragedy, its fountain of tears, its comedy and peals of silvery laughter, the plots, the movements, the passions, the achieve ments, which are. the theme of Shakespeare's plays. Were it not better to trust less to bookish ways and to go into these homes, these garrets, to stand at the street corners, at the bars of public-houses, ; at the. v counters of shops, on the j wharves, in the warehouses, and read the 'stirring dramas at first hand? For, after all, while Shakespeare's men ■ are men with the note of universality in them, we need to know men,'not in the motley of the Elizabethan, but in the motley of the Victorian age. The men we want to understand are the men of this year of grace, with the curious intonation of the' decade which closes the century, the men too various to be touched off in a phrase; ' the complicated life, smoothed by civilisation, but beneath the surface broken into a thou sand crystals by the shocks of change, and ; sharp-cut into peculiar individualities aud un . expected modes of thought which were not known oven to Shakespeare. We must keep in contact with men. To be in the world as Christ is, will be, therefore, to be at once a mystic and a man of the world, rooted in the eternal verities and the intimate i ! communion of God, and yet modern, with the ' dialect and colloquialism of the day. And the difference between the mere mystic and the complete Christian will be expressed by this combination. Perhaps an illustration may be pardoned. The two great poets of the early century addressed characteristic odes to a'j skylark. To Shelley the bird is the | "ethereal minstrel, pilgrim .of the sky,? a disembodied' spirit, beautiful and in spired, but with only furtive thoughts of the nest upon the ground. To Wordsworth the same bird is an image of the life which unites the earth and the heaven— ■ Type of the wise who soar but never roam, ■ True to the kindrod points of heaven and home. There is ai Christian pietism 'of the ethereal and disembodied kind ; there is an uninspired Christianity of the utilitarian kind; the one affects to scorn the other. "I believe in practical Christianity," says the commonplace mind ; "and I in the Unio Mystica," says the conventional saint. v ; But it is the doctrine^ of the true Christianity ; yes, just the difference which Christ breathes iufco the religion of the soul—that ; separated these two are wrong, and in their combination for the first time both exist. As He is in the world. Yes, and so we at last are bound with gold chains about the throne of God and about the common earth— . True to the kindred point3 of heaven and home. But what a vast demand is this which the Christian life and ministry make upon us. Well may au apostle exclaim, "_Who is suffi cient for these things." Here is an exagge rated sacerdotalism—a .Royal Priesthood. The fault of sacerdotalism is that it does not go far enough. It claims for an order, or clerus, what is meant for the whole clerus of God. And while it sets the ordained priest as an intermediary between God and man, it does not really require that the priest should be in vital touch with God' or with man. It assumes that the Holy Ghost is in the imposi tion of hands, and in the distribution of elements, but never stays to ask whether that mark of the Spirit is there, the application of the things of Christ to the soul, the stigmata of Jesus in the flesh.' We believe in a priest hood, a holy generation, men and women- in vital touch with God and man, forming, in their person the living link • between the world and heaven, men and women' so surcharged with God that they aire engaged in " the priest-like task of pure ablution round earth's human shores. " We strike for a higher goal. But who is sufficient for these things ? Here is man's extremity. Here is: God's opportunity. \ No man, nob even one of the rarest gifts, j would be able to obtain by effort-of his own j this life of the linked spheres. The austerities of the cloister, and the passionate sacrifices of j practical work; have failed and will. fail. It can come, as Augustine would say, by grace alone; by faith alone, as Luther would say. It is possible only if there is a tangible reality m the command, "Abide in Me. and I in you," and if there is a Divine Paraclete, who can trace with a -finger of fire the linea-1 meats of Jesus on the believing soul. 