BUCKLEY, THE WILD WHITE MAN. The Story of William Buckley, the Runaway Convict, who lived thirty-two years among the Blacks. CHAPTER VI.—Continued. FIGHTING AND HUNTING. BY W. T. PYKE. The two tribes—Native battles—Woman slain —Burning the corpse—Hunting the kangaroo—The wild turkey and the emu— Native weapons. Here it may not be out of place to describe the various weapons of offence and defence possessed by Buckley's present companions, and their countrymen generally. They were of a great variety of shapes and sizes, and each man took particularly good care of his own, as much time and trouble had to be expended in their manufacture with the very primitive appliances available for his use. In addition to the spears of the kinds just mentioned, they had a very formidable kind about fifteen feet long. Some of these were jagged for a foot from the point with bits of sharp flint or bones of an animal fixed in the shaft by means 0f gum and cement, or a row of teeth cut in the solid wood in a manner that suggested a refinement of cruelty on the part of their owners. Many shapes and weights of shillelahs or waddies used in hand-to-hand conflicts as skull-crackers were also carried. Some of these were carefully fashioned, others were merely a young ti-tree pulled up by the roots and cut to a handy size, with the root forming the nob or business end. Some ended in a sharp point, and thus combined, in one weapon, the advantages of a club and a heavy blunt dagger. Perhaps the most dangerous weapon in skilful hands for a close-quarter fight was the leangle, an instrument made of heavy hardwood, straight for about two and a half feet and then curved for about nine inches at almost a right angle to the shaft or handle. In appearance it was somewhat like a wooden pick. Lighter weapons like walking sticks, straight and crooked, were used as missiles, either to be thrown at enemies or to bring down birds or small animals. The most curious of all their weapons was the boomerang, a blade of tough grained wood varying from somewhat like a crescent shaped leaf to the outline of an obtuse angle. The commmonest of them was a wooden blade bluntly edged all round, of irregular thickness, one side glat, the other rounded. In extreme length they were about two feet; in direct line from end to end, about 20 inches, and had an average breadth of two and a quarter inches. They were also twisted throughout their length as though they had been slightly bent; as though strong hands had taken them at the ends and pulled and pushed contrary ways. The battle boomerangs were larger and much heavier, and without this peculiar twist, and did not possess the power of returning to their throwers which has made the lighter sort the most widely known of all Australian weapons. A weapon more simple in appearance could scarcely be imagined, yet it might be said to be one of the most useful possessed by the blacks. For defence against the clubs of their enemies the natives carried heavy convex of bow-shaped shields about three feet long and very narrow, being not more than six inches in the centre. They were very hard and strong, and their handles were formed by hacking and chopping a hole in the solid body of wood. A lighter and wider shield with a handle made of another piece of wood, was used to ward off the spears of their enemies. CHAPTER VII. TRIBAL AMENITIES. A kangaroo battle—A native pantomime—A black lothario—A native duel —Midnight assassination—A burial—Lex talionis— A curious duel. These peaceful wanderings amidst the lonely glades of the bush were brought to an abrupt termination by the two families falling in with a tribe of about fifty individuals. The tribe was friendly towards them so they joined their forces, and travelled with it across the country to meet another tribe. In two or three days they came up with the people they were seeking or had appointed to meet. Preparations were then made for an extensive raid upon the kangaroos which ware grazing in large herds upon the lightly timbered plains in the vicinity. The blacks divided their party, and placed themselves at several vantage points on the confines of the forest so as to hem in the animals on all sides. They then began making a most horrible din by beating the bushes and yelling vociferously in order to scare their timid prey; and gradually closing in the while, at length forced a considerable number of them into close quarters, whence there was no escape. Then the work of destruction among the entrapped animals took place. Spear and waddy were both brought into requisition, and the spot was converted into a veritable shambles. Some of the marsupials ran into the scrub, and this being set on fire for the purpose of scaring them out, they soon shared the fate of the others. The jubilant hunters returned to the camping ground literally groaning under the weight of the spoils of the chase. Their better halves, during their absence, had not been idle, and in anticipation of the results, had busied themselves in preparing ovens for a grand roast. These ovens were made by digging large circular holes in the earth, and spreading good-sized stones completely over the bottom, on which they lighted fierce fires, and kept them burning till their lords and masters brought home the game. The burning logs and branches were then quickly taken out, and the carcases laid on the heated stones. The smaller animals were put in entire and unskinned; but the larger ones were cut up in pieces. Over them were then spread leaves, branches, and sheets of bark to keep in the heat, with the burning logs and embers replaced on top of all. In these excellent ovens the provisions were cooked in a style that would gratify the palate of a gourmond. Then a great feast followed, in which all the blacks joined with hearty goodwill and tremendous appetite. After they had somewhat slept off the effects of their gluttony, some hilarious spirits among them got up a species of entertainment, which evoked much merriment. It was supposed to represent the kangaroo hunt—a kind of pantomine, mimicing the stirring events of the day. As with a modern troupe of stage actors, they spared no pains to make the representation realistic—to bold the mirror up to nature. Their preparations included greasing their bodies all over with the fat of the animals, and then plentifully bedaubing themselves with a sort of red ochre. Some small branches were fixed to their girdles in imitation of tails, and then the fun began. Those with the tails hopped about the camp like a scared herd of kangaroos; the tails sticking out, and their peculiar attitudes having a most comical effect; while those personating the hunters followed them closely, hallooing and gesticulating wildly so they pretended to spear them. Buckley was no less amused than his black companions, and laughed as loud as any of them. The jollity of the evening gave place next morning to proceedings of quite an opposite character. When Buckley awoke he found the camps in quite a commotion, and the two tribes haranguing each other violently. He gathered, as well as the imperfect knowledge of the language he had by this time acquired could reveal to him, that a gay Lothario of one tribe had kidnapped the wife of a member of the other tribe, or else had persuaded her to elope from her liege lord. The guilty pair had been discovered—hence the tumult. The injured one demanded satisfaction and the restitution of his property. The abductor refused to do the latter, and was quite willing to oblige him as to the former; in fact he seemed rather inclined to have recourse to the arbitrament of blows and so settle the little affair, and perhaps the husband at the same time. The interposition of the tribes decided that the woman should return to her husband's mia-mia, which she at once did. The two men thereupon prepared for the fray, each arming himself with a waddy and shield. They entered the lists courageously, being well matched both in size and general strength. With shield and club upraised over the head so as to form a protecting arch, they warily advanced upon each other. The deeply-set eyes of both men glistened beneath their shaggy beetling brows in an extremely vengeful manner, which augured, it seemed to Buckley, a fatal termination to the fight. The antagonists soon closed, and then blow after blow fell with lightning rapidity. Their shields warded off many, but a sickening thud heard every now and then betokened that they were both being severely punished on head and shoulders. This hammer- and-tong business could not last long, and they soon began to show signs of exhaustion. The blood flowed freely from many wounds in the head and the ) upper portion of the body. When the tribes considered that each combatent had had enough for one day, they interposed and separated them, and led them to their different camps, each man looking dazed and half unconscious, and reeling like a drunken man. This duel revealed to Buckley the astonishing and marvellous thickness of skull possessed by the people he was living with. He knew that any one of the blows which had been showered with so little effect upon their black heads, would have laid his own skull open, and so have placed him hors de combat in one act. The gay Lothario and his tribe shortly took their departure for fresh hunting grounds. The injured husband, as soon as he had recovered a little, from his wounds, sought out his spouse and belaboured her with his waddy in a manner that made Buckley's blood run cold, although the rest of the encampment regarded the conjugal correction with indifference. The sequel to this love escapade took place a night or two after. The fires had all gone out, and the whole camp was buried in deep slumber, when suddenly a loud cry awakened every one. Each man clutched his spear, and rushed to the spot whence the alarm had come. Buckley was one of the first there, and, by the aid a fire-stick he had snatched up, beheld the lately aggrieved husband transfixed through the body with a spear. The poor fellow was writhing in a death agony. They tried to pull the spear out, but could not, as the weapon was barbed for about six inches from the point. He lingered on till morning, when death put an end to his excruciating sufferings. His wife had disappeared; and this fact told to the blacks tho whole story. It was clearly a case of murder and elopement or abduction. The friends of the deceased showed much grief, and uttered frightful imprecations against the vile assassin and all his relations. Early in the day, preparations were made for the funeral. The corpse was taken in hand and bent almost round; the knees being tied close to the neck; and the feet, and hands brought together and fastened with the arms straight alongside. Their reason for thus rolling up the body, and securing the limbs, Buckley afterwards learned, was to prevent the ghost of the departed from arising and revisiting the glimpses of the moon. For the blacks had a mortal dread of spirits; and they believed that the spirit of a man recently dead would work them great harm if he got the chance to break out of the tomb. The opossum rug which had been bis covering by night and mantle by day, was now his shroud. With this wrapped around him, he was consigned to the grave—a hole dug to the depth of three or four feet in the soft ground. Then his late companions heaped up the earth over him to the height of two or three feet, and placed logs on top to prevent the wild dogs from rooting up the corpse. During the ceremony of interment all his male relatives gashed their heads with tomahawks and waddies till the blood streamed forth; and smeared their faces and beards with pipe-clay and mud. The women joined in these expressions of deep affliction by scorching themselves on the thigh and stomach with firesticks, and also by spreading mud all over their heads. The mother of the dead man was especially demonstrative in her grief, her moans and groans sounding horribly in Buckley ears. Her lamentations were genuine, and for several nights afterwards he heard her giving way to her feelings when by herself, after all the camp had retired to rest. Poor old woman, she was a miserable and most repulsive-looking speci- men of humanity. Her attenuated frame was shrunk almost to a skeleton, so shrivelled and drawn was the skin across her crooked bones. She fared worse than anyone in the tribe, being looked upon rather as a burden. Her clothes consisted of an old dilapidated and worn-out opossum skin. Almost blind and imbecile, none but the children seemed even to notice her or give her more than a passing thought. Her conduct to these was kind and sympathetic, and she often rendered them such slight services as was within the range of her limited powers. Her only requital was a permission to live, or rather just to exist upon the very refuse of the food. But she took her hard lot as a matter of course, patiently and uncomplainingly. Several men of the tribe set out on the tracks of the murderer, but returned before night without having accomplished their object. This man, by his daring and dastardly conduct, had thus embroiled the two tribes in an enmity only to be assuaged by the spilling of his blood or the blood of one of his own tribe. As Buckley afterwards learned, the blacks always held the whole tribe responsible for the actions of any of its members. Blood for blood was one of their laws; and if they could not bring the actual delinquent to punishment they always endeavoured to wreak their vengeance upun any of his relatives, father, brother or son, or failing them any of his tribe would do, they were not very particu- lar so long as they could in some such way compensate themselves for the injury done. It was some months before Buckley's party again came across the path of this tribe, and then the trouble commenced anew. Spears, clubs and boomerangs were brought into requisition and a great battle was fought, at least from an aboriginal point of view. Revenge was satisfied by the killing of the murderer's brother and the wounding of his mother, but the actual culprit escaped unharmed. (To be continued.) 