The Storyteller. The Christian. THIRD BOOK.-THE DEVIL'S ACRE. XIV. BY HALL CAINS. Author of "The Manxman." The rehearsals began early in the morning and usually lasted until late in the afternoon. Glory found them wearisome, depressing, and often humi- Mating. The body of tbc theatre ,was below the level of the street, and In the duytluie was little better than a vast vault. If she entered by the front she stumbled against seats, and saw the figures of men and women silhouetted in the distance, and heard the echo of cavernous voices. If by the back, she came upon the prompter's table set midway across the stage, with a twin gas-bracket shooting up behind It like a geyser, and an open space of some 20ft. by 20ft. in front, whereon the Imaginary passions were to disport themselves at play. Glory found real ones among them, and they were sometimes in hideous earnest. Jenlousy, envy, uncharitable ness, and all the rancour of life, where the struggle for it is bitterest, attempts to take advantage of her luexperience, to rob her of the best positions on the stage, to cut out her lines which " scored," to impose upon her genius the twopenny-ha'penny traditions, •which were like the laws of the Medes and the Persians, and not to be altered, these, with the weary waits, the half darkness, the chill atmosphere, the void in front, with its seats in linen covers, suggesting an audience of silent ghosts, and then the sense of the bright, busy, bustling, rnjttting, real world above, sent her home day after day with a headache, a heartache, and tears bub bling out of her eyes. And when she had conquered these condition*, or settled down to them, and iiad made such progress with her pai't as to throw away her scrip, the old horror of the woman she was to make herself Into came back as a new terror. The visionary Gloria was very proud ami rain and selfMi, and trampled everything under foot that she anight possess, the world and the things of the world. The real Gloria •was not like that, yet there were points of resemblance between them, and It seemed as if the author hud somehow given the visionary woman the little trait* and harmless tricks of the real one that she might thereby lure her to give up her heart also. She came near to doing it too. Some times during a long scene, running through the Whole gamut of passion, pride, vanity, selfishness, and even sensuality, she would wake as from a. nightmare, with a horrible sense that the pleading, passionate, groanuig, gut,-; tural voice she heard was* not her QfiVfi voice, and that the evil woman lvi'(l' s £je jpossessed her of henself. Then .she would stop suddenly, and looking found, would see the company ranged about her, silent; and with loolra of astonish ment. And meantime the real woman liad a far different part to play. Every anornlug, wifh a terrl'ble reality at her heart, she glanced over the newspapers for news of Jo>hn Storm. She had not far to lock. A sort of grotesque romance had gathered about him, .as of a modern Don Quixote tilting at windmills. His name was the point of a pun ; there were cartoons, carica tures, and all other forms of the joke tUat its not a joke because it is an in sult 'Sometimes she took stolen glances at . his work. On Sunday morning is/he walked through Soho, past fhe people sitting on their doorsteps, reading the sporting intelligence in the Sunday papers, with their lai^ks In cages hung on nails overhead, until she came to the church, and heard the singiug Inside, and sa\y vhalked up on the walls the legend, " God bless rhe Father !" She heard that he was to <be allowed to have a 'Children's- treat In one of the parks, and when- reliearsal was over she hurried away- to the scene of It, and came upon the little ones as they were coming home, and scuttling across tho fashionable thoroughfare* like rats. Taking advantage of the .gathering darkueas, tfhe picked up a little toddle who was whimpering and dropping asleep, aud carried it across a line of carriages, and then came face to face with John Storm himself, at the curb of the opposite pavement, with another thild in his arm*. Dusk as It was, he saw her, but she hastened off, and he also turned away. "Strange charge against a clergy man !" It was a low-class paper, and the charge was a badge of (honour. A young ruffian lit was Charles Wilkes) had been brought up on remand on a charge of assaulting Father Storm, and being sentenced to a week's imprison ment, notwithstanding the Father's appeal and offer of 'ball, he had ac cused rhe clergyman of relations with Ms sweetheart (iit was Agatha Jones). Glory's anger at the world's treat ment of John Storm deepened to a great love of the misunderstood and down-trodden man. She saw an an nouncement of his last service, and de termined to go to it. The church was crowded, chiefly by the poor, and the arc was heavy with a smell of oranges and beer. It was a week evening, and when the organ played, the choir came in, followed by John Storm in hi* blade <a«dock, Glory could not help a thrill of physical joy at being near him. The text was, " Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites ! for ye are like unto . whlted sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outside, but are within full of dead men's bones aud all undeanness !" The first half of the seninon was a denunciation of the morality of men. TVe made clean the outside of the platter, but the so-called .purity of England was a smug sham, built upon rottenness and sin ! There were men among us, wretched sensualists, left untouched by the idle ness of the public conscience, who did not even know where their children were to be foiralL Let thorn go down Into the gutters of life and look for their own faces, aud—<sod forgive them! — their mothers' faces, among the out cast and the criminal. The second half was a defence of woman. The sins of the w.orld against woman were the on oat crying wrongs of the time. Hud they ever reflected on the heroism of women, on then* self-denying, unre warded labour ? Oh, why was woman held so cheap as In this immoral London of to-day ? There Jiad 'been scarcely a breach of the law of Nature by women, and not one that men were not chiefly to blame for. Men tempted them by love of dress, of ease, of money, and of fame, to forget their proper vocation ; but every true woman came right in the end, and preferred to the false and fictitious labour for worldly glory, a mother's silent and unseen devotion, counting It no virtue at all. "Yes, women, mothers, girls, In your hands lies the JMlTHtlon of England. May you live in this prospect, and may God and His ever blessed mother "be' your re ward all through this weary life and in glory everlustiug." There was v procession with banners, cross, stars, green ami blue fleur-de-lis, and gold cross, but Glory saw none of it. She was kneeling with head down and heart choked with emotion. The next Bhe knew the service was over, the congregation was gone, only one old woman in widow's weeds was left, jingling a bunch of keys. *' Has the Father gone ?'* " No, ma'am ; he is still in the sa cristy." " Shpw me to it." At the next moment, with fluttering throat and a look- of mingled love and awe, she was standing eye to eye with John Storm in the little bare chamber off the church. * " Glory, why do you come here V" .;" I can't help it." " But we said good-bye and parted." " You did. I didn't. It was not so easy " " Easy ? I told you it wouldn't be easy, my child, and it hasu't been. I said I should suffer, and I have suffer ed. But I've borne it—you see I've borne it. Don't ask me itt what cost." " Oh, oh, oh !" and tehe covered her face. \- *' Yes, the devil tortured me with love first. I was seeing you and hearing you everywhere and in everything, Glory. But 1 got over that, and then he tortured me with remorse. I had left you to the mercy of the world. It was my duty to watch over you. I did It, too." She glanced up quickly. " Ah, j'ou never knew that. But no matter ; it's all over now, and I'm a different man entirely. But why do you come and torment me again V It's nothing to you, nothing at all. You can shake it off hi a moment. That's your nature, Glory ; you can't help it. But have you no pity ? You find me here, trying to help the helpless—the brave girls who have the virtue to be poor, and the strength to be weak, and the courage to be friendless. Why can't you leave me alone ? What am I to you ? Nothing at all! You care noth ing for me, nothing whatever." She glanced up again, and the look of love in her eyes was stronger now than the look of awe. He saw it, and could not help knowing how strongly it worked upon his feelings. "Go back to your own world, un happy girl!" he cried. "You love it— you must; you have sacrificed the best Impulses of your heaTt to it!" She was smiling now. It was the old radiant smile, but with a gleam of triumph in it that he had never seen before. It worked like madness upon him, and he tried to insult her again. " Go back to your own company, to the people who play at real life, and build toy'houses, and give themselves away body and soul for the clapping of hands in a theatre ! Go back to the lies and hypocrisies of society, and the brain less mashers who adorn it! They dance superbly, and are at home in drawing-rooms, and know all about sporting matters and theatrical affairs ! I know none of these things, and I am kicked and cuffed and ridiculed, and hounded down as an indecent man, or shunned as a moral leper ! Why do you come to me ?" he cried, hoarse and husky. But she only stretched out her hands to him and said, " Because I love you !" " What are you saying ?" He was quivering with pain. " I love you, and always have loved you, and you love me —you know you do—you love me still!" " Glory !" " John !" " For God's sake ! -Glory !" Then with a wild ehout of Joy he rushed upon her, flung his arms about her, and covered her face and hands with kisses. After a moment he whisp ered, " Not here, not here," and she felt too that the room was suffocating them, and they must go out Into the open air, the fields, the park. Somebody was knocking at the door. It was Mrs. Pincher. A man was wait- Jng to speak to the Father. They found him in the lane. It was Jupe, the waiter. His simple face wore a strange expression of joy and.fear, as if he wished to smile and dare not. " My pore missis 'as got off and wants to come 'onie, sir. and I thought as you'd, tell me what I oughter do." " Take her back aud forglvo her, my lad, that's the Christian course." His love was now boundless; his large charity embraced everything, and going off he saluted everybody. " Good eventing. Mrs. Pineher. Good night, Lydia." " Well, 'c te a Father, too, and no mistake !" somebody was saying be hind him as he w*ent away with Glory. The moon was at the full, and while they were passing through the streets it struggled with the gas from the shop windows ns the flame of a fire strug gles with the sunshine, tout when they passed under the trees it shone out tn its White splendour like a 'bride ! It was a majestic night! The immea- surable vault above was silvered with! stars, too; through depth on depth of space, and nil the glorious earth and iheaven eeeined to tanile the smile of love. A etrong south breeze was blowing, and as it shook the trees of ihe park, that blessed patch of Nature in the midst of the toiling city seemed to slug rhe sang of love ! Their hands found each other, and they walked along almost in silence, afraid to break the spell of tfieir dream, lest they should awake and find it gone. It seemed wonderful to him that they were together, and he could hardly be lieve it was reality, though the tout*, of her hand filled him with a strange physical exultation* which ihe liad never felt before. He seemed to lie* walking on cushions, and she, too. was sway big by his side as If her blood wav dauclug. Sometimes she dried lier glistening eyes, and once she stopped and swung in front of him, and looked long at him, and then raised her face to his and kissed him. '"Whether you like It or not, your life Is bound up with mine for ever and ever !" she whispered. " It had to be," he answered. " I know it now. I can no longer deceive myself." " And we shall be happy ? In spite of all you said we shall be very 'hnppy, eh ?" " Yes, that will be quite forgotten, Glory." " And forgiven," she said, and then between a e\gh and a blush sac asked him to kiss lier again. " My love !" " My soul !" The wind swept the hood of ue.r cape about her ihead. and he could smell the fragrance of lier hair. . Ho tried to think what -he had done to deserve such happine«s», but all the suffering he had gone through seeemed as nothlug compared to a joy like tills. The great clock of Westminster swung ins hollow sounds Jnto the air. and they went riding by on the wind like the notes of an organ, now full and now as soft as a baby's whisper. They could hear the far-off rumble of the vast city which fi'iuged their blessed Island like n mighty sea, and through the pulse of their clasped hands It seemed as if they felt the pulse of the world. An angel had come down and breathed on the face of the-waters, and It was God's world after all. He took her home, and they parted at the door. " Don't come In to-night," she whispered. She wished to be alone that she might think it all out and go over it again, every word, every look. There was a lingering hand-clasp and then she was gone. He returned through the park and tried to step over the very places where her feet had trod. On reaching Buck ingham Gate, he turned back and walk ed round the park, and again round it, and yet again. The bells tolled the hours out, the cabs went westward with ladies In evening wraps going home from theatres, the tide of traffic ebbed farther and farther, and died down and down, but still he walked, and the wind sang to him. " God cannot blame us," he thought " We were made to love each other." He uncovered his head to let the wind comb through his hair, and he was happy, happy, happy! Sometimes he shut his eyes, and then it was hard to believe that she was not walking by his side, a fragrant presence in the moonlight, going step by step with' him. When the day was near, the wind had gone, the little world of wood was sil ent, and his footsteps crunched on the gravel. Then a yellow gleam came in the sky to the east, and a chill gust swept up as a scout before the dawn, the trees began to shiver, the surface of the lake to creep, the birds to call, and the world to stretch itself and yawn. Peace in her chamber, whereeoe'er It be —a holy place ! As he went home by Birdcage Walk the park was still heavy with sleep, and its homeless wanderers had not yet risen from their couches on the seats. A pale mist was lying over London, but the towers of the abbey stood clear above It, and pigeons were wheeling around them like sea-fowl around rocks in the sea. What a night it had been ! A night of dreams, of love, of rapture! The streets were empty and: very, quiet—only the slow rattle of the dasf* cart and the measured step of police* men changing beats. Long blue vistas and a cemetery silence as of & world under the great hand of the gentle brother of Death, and then the flang of Big Ben striking 6. A letter was waiting for John In th« breathless hall. It was from the Bishop of London :—" Come and see mm at St. Jamea's^jquare." XV. Suddenly tbere sprang out to Glorf the chawn and fascination of the life she was putting away. Trying to toe true to her altered relations with tabil Storm, sfltie did not gQ to rehearaal tim next morning, Imt not yet baring 4m cotrrage at her new portion, aftie did ndf tell Rosa Imt reason for staying aVa/« The part was exhausting—it tried her Tery much ; a little break would do no^ harm. Rosa wroto to apologise for her <on \he score of healtfo, ajid tfhus the first cloud of dissimulation rose up be t-ween them. Two days passed, and then a letter came. from the manager :—" Trust you are rested, and will soon be back. The prompter has read your lines, and everything lias gone to pieces. Slack, slovenly, spiritless, stupid, nobody acting, ami nobody awake, it seems to me. 'All Tight at night, governor,' and the usual nonsense. Shows how much we want you. But envious people are whispering that you are afraid of the part. The blockheads ! If you succeed this time, you'll be made for life, my dear. And you will suc ceed !—Yours merrily," &c.; With this were three letters addressed to the theatre. One of them was from a Press-cutting agency, asking to 'be allowed to supply all newspaper arti cles relating to herself, and enclosing a paragraph as a specimen : —" A little bird whispers that 'Gloria,' as *Gloria,' is to be a startling surprise. Those wlio ihave seen her rehearse .... But mum's the word—an' we could an' we would," &c.; Anofher of Uhe letters .was from the art editor of an illustrated weekly paper, asking for a sitting to their photographer for a full-page pic ture, and the third enclosed the card of an interviewer on an evening paper. Only three days ago Glory would have counted all this as nothing, yet now slie could not help but feel a burning, thrilling, joyous excitement. Drake called after an absence of a fortnight He had come to speak of his last visit. His face was pale and serious, not fresh and radiant as usual, his voice was shaking, and his manner nervous. Glory had never seen him exhibit so much emotion, and Rosa looked on 1m dumb astonishment. " I was to blame," he said, " and I ihave come to say so. It was a coward ly thing to turn the man out of his church, and it was worse than coward ly to use you In doing it. Everything is fair, they say, in ... , A " But lie flushed up like a girl, and stopped, and then faltered, "Anyhow, I'm sorry very sorry ; and if there is anything I can do-—" Glory tried to answer him, but ber lieart was beating violently, and she oould not speak. " In fact I've tried to make amends already. Lord Robert Las a living vacant in Westminster, and I've asked him to hand it over to the Bishop with the request that Fatlier Storm " 44 But will he ?" 44 I've told him he must. It's the least ,we can do if we are to have any re spect for ourselves. And anyhow, I'm about tired of this anti-Storm uproar. It may be all very well for men Hke me to object to the man—l deny his authorities, and think him a man out of his centuiy and country—but for these people with initials, who write in the religious papers, to rail at him, these shepherds who live on five thou sand a year and pretend to follow One who hadn't a home or a second coat, and wbose friends were harlots and sinners, though He was no sinner Him self—it's, infamous, it's atrocious, it raises my gorge against their dead creeds and paralytic churches ! What ever his faults, he is built-on a large plan, he has the Christ Idea, and he is a man and a gentleman, and I'm ashamed that I took advantage of him. That's all over now, and there's no help for it; but if I might hope that you will forgive—and forget " " Yes," said Glory In a low voice, and then there was silence, and when she lifted her head Drake was gone and Ilosa was wiping her eyes. 41 It was all for love of you, Glory. A woman can't hate a man when he does ;wong for love of herself." John Storm came in later the same day, when Rosa had gone out, and Glory was alone. He was like a different man eutirely. His face looked round, and his dark eyes sparkled. The clouds of his soul seemed to have drifted away, and he was boiling over with enthu siasm. He laughed constantly, and there was something almost depressing in the limibering attempts at humour of the serious man. "What do you thluk has happened ? The Bishop sent for me and offered me a living at Westminster. It turns out to be in the gift of Lord Robert Ure ; but no thanks to him for it. Lady Robert was at the bottom of everything. She had called on the Bishop. He remembered me at the brotherhood, and told me all about it. St. Jude's Brown's squire, on the edge of the worst quar ter in Christendom1! It seems the arcirieaeon expected It for Golightly, his son-in-law. The reverend Joshua called on me this morning and tried to bully me, but I soon bundled him off to Botany Bay. Snid the living had b«n promised to him—a lie, of course. I soon found that out. A lie is well nimed, you know—lt hasn't a leg to sand upon. Hn. ha, ha !" Nothing would serve but that they should go to look at the scene of their future life, and witli Caesar—"he had brought bis dog ; it was holding inter- necflne war with the pug under the table—they set off immediately. It) was Saturday night, and as they dipped down into the slums that He under the shadow of the abbey, Old Pye-street, Peters-street, and Duck-lane were a flare with the coarse lights of open naptha lamps, and all but impassable with costers' barrows. There were the husky voices of the street hawkers, the hoarse laughter, the quarrelling, the oaths, the rasping shouts of the butcher selling chunks of dark joints by auction, the screeches of the roast potato man, and the smell of stale vege tables and fried fish. " .Tow, 'ow much a pound for yev turmaters ?" " Threepence; I gave morn that for 'em myself." " Gam 1" " S'elp me, Gawd, I did, mum !" " Isn't it a glorious scene ?" said John ; and Glory, who felt chilled and sickened, recalled herself from some dream of different things altogether, and said, " Isn't it ?" " Sanctuary, too! What human cats we are ! The poor sinners cling to the place still !" He took her Into the alleys and courts that score and wrinkle the map of West minster like an old man's face, and showed her the " model" lodging-houses and the gaudily-decorated hells where young girls and soldiers danced and drank. " What's the use of saying to these people, ' Don't drink ; don't steal' ? They'll answer, * If you lived In these slums you would drink too.' But we'll show them that we can live here and do neither—that will be the true preach ing." And then he pictured a life of absol ute self-sacrifice, which she- was to share with him. " You'll manage all money matters, Glory. You can't think how I'm swindled. And then I'm such a donkey as far as money goes—that's not far with me, you know. Ha, ha, ha ! Who's to find it ? Ah, God pays His own debts. He'll see to that." They were to live under the church Itself; to give bread to the hungry and clothes to the naked ; to set up their settlement in the gaming-house of the Sharkeys, now deserted and shut up ; to take In the undeserving poor—the people who had nothing to say for themselves, precisely those; and thus they were to show that they belonged neither to the publicans and sinners nor the scribes and Pharisees. " Only let us get rid of self. Only let us show that self-interest never enters our bead in one single thing we do. . • . . " he said, and meantime Glory, who had turned her head aside with a lump in her throat, heard some one 'be hind them saying:' " Lawd, Jow, thai's the curick and his dorg—'im as got pore Sharkey took ! See—'im with the laldy." " S'elp me, so it Is! Another good man gorn to Ms gruel, and all 'long of a bloonein' dorg." They walked round by the church. John was talking rapturously at every step, and Glory wag dragging after him like a criminal going to the pillory. At last they came out by Great Smith street, and he cried, "See, there's the house of God under its spider's web of scaffolding, and here's the Broad Sanc tuary—broad enough in all conscience 1 Look !" A crowd of girls aud men were troop ing out of a place of entertainment op posite, and there were acreams and curses. " Look at Mm !" cried a wo man's voice. " There 'c Is, fhe swine! And 'c wae the ruin of me; and now 'e'e 'listed for a soldier and #oln' off with another woman!" 44 You're drunk, that's what yon are!' 1 said a onan's voice, "and if you down't take kear I'll send ye 'ome oa a dawer!" " Strike me ! will ye, yo dog 1 Do It! I dare you !" 44 She ain't worth it, soldier—come along," said another female voice, whereupon the first broke Into a hurri cane of oaths; and a little clergyman going by at the moment—it was Rev. Golßghtly—said, " 'Dear, dear! Are there no policemen about ?" and so passed on with his tall wife tucked under his arm. John Storm pushed through the crowd and came between the two who were quarrelling. By tb«f light of the lamp lie could see them. The 'man wa» Charlie Wilkes,. in the uniform of a soldier; the woman, with the paint running on 'her face, <ber fringe dis ordered, and her back hair torn down, was Aggie Jones. " We down't want no religion 'ere," said Charlie, sneering. 44 You'll get some, though, if you're pot off quick !" said John. The anan looked round for the dog, and a moment afterwards he had disappeared. Glory came up behind. " O Aggie, ■woman, is it you V she said, and then the girl began to cry in a drunken cob. ' ' ' 44 Girls is cruel put upon, mum !" said one of the women ; and another cried, 44 Nix, the slops!" and a. policeman came pushing his way, and saying, 44 Now, then, move on ! We ain't goin* to stand 'ere all night." 44 Call a cab, officer," said John. 44 Yen, sir—certainly, Father, Four wheeler I" " Where do you live, Aggie ?" . said G\my ; tout the giri, now sobbing drunk, was too far gone to follow hei% " She lives in Brown'e-tnquare, sir," said the woman who had spoken 'before, and when the cab came up she was asked to get in with the o,tiher three. It was a tenement house, fronting to one facade of St. Jude's, and Aggie's' room was on the second story. She was heliplees, -and John carried her up the stairs. The pla<;e was In hideous disorder, with clothing lying about on chairs, underclothing scattered on the floor, the fire out, many cigarette ends in the fender, a candle stuck in a beer 'bottle, and a bunch of withered roses on the table. As John laid the girl on t!he "bed she ■muttered, " Lemine alone !'» aad when •he asked what was to happen to her wlieu she grew old if she behaved like this when young, she mumbled, " Don't want to be old. Who's goln' to like me then, d'ye think ?" Half-an-hour afterwards Glory and John were passing through the gates Into Clement's Inn, with Its moonlight and silence, its odour of moistened grass, its glimpse of the stars and the red and white blinds of its windows lit up round about. John was still talking rapturously., He was now picturing the.part wliich Glory was to play in the life they were to live together. She was to help and protect their younger Bisters, the child-women, the girls in peril, to enlist their loyalty and filial tenderness for the hour of temptation. " Won't It be glorious ? To live the life, the real life of warfare, with the world's wickedness and woe. Won't It be magnificent ? You'll do it, too! You'll go down into those slums and sloughs which I've shown you to-night —they are the cradle of shame and sln^ Glory, and this wicked London rocks It!—you'll go down into them like a' ministering angel to raise the fallen and heal the wounded I You'll live in them, revel In them, rejoice in them, they'll 'be your "battlefield, Isn't that 'better, far better, a thousand times bet ter than playing at life, and all its fashions and follies and frivolities ?' Glory struggled to acquiesce, and from time to tfane in a trembling votoe she said " Yea," and " Oh, yes," until they came to the door of the Garden House, and then a strange thing happened. Somebody was singing kn the drawing room to the music of the piano. It was Drake. The window was open, and his voice floated over the moonlit gardens i Dv liebes kind, komm' geh mlt mir I Gar schone Spiele spiel' Ich mlt dlr. Suddenly it seemed to Glory that two women sprang Into life in her—one who loved John Storm and wished to live and work (beside him, the other who loved the world, and felt that she could never give it up. And these women were fighting for her heart, wfoWh should have it and hold it and possess it for ever. She looked up at John, and he was smiling triumphantly. "Are you happy ?" she asked. " Happy L I know a hundred men who are a hundred times as rich as I, but not one who is a hundredth part as happy !" " Darling !" she whispered, holding back her tears. Then looking away from him she said, " And do you really think I'm good enough for a life of such devotion and self- sacrifice ?" " Good enough !" he cried, and for a moment his merry laughter drowned the singing overhead. "But will the world think so ?" "Assuredly. But who cares what the world thinks ?" "We do, dear—wo must I" And then while the song went on, she began to, depreciate herself In a low voice and with a- creeping sense of •hypocrisy—to talk of her former life to London as a danger, of the tobacco shop, the muslcHhall, the foreign clubs, and all the mire and slime with which she had been 'besmirched. " Everything is known now, dear," she said. " Have you never thought of this ? It is your duty to think of Irt." But he only laughed again with a joyous voice. " What's the odds ?" ihe said. " The world is made up for the most part of low, selfish, sensual beings incapable of belief In noble aims. Every Innovator in such a world exposes him self to the risk of being slandered and ridiculed, or even shut up in a lunatic asylum. But who wouldn't rather •be St. Theresa in her cell than Cather ine of Russia on her throne ? And in your case what does it come to any way ? Only tliat you've gone through the fiery furnace, and come out un scathed. All the better—you'll be a living witness, a proof .that it is pos sible to pass through this wicked Baby lon unharmed and untouched." "Yes, if I were a man—but with a woman it is so different. It^ is an honour to a man to have conquered the world, but a disgrace to a wonfan to have fought with It. Yes, believe me, I know what fin saying. That's the ■cruel tragedy in a woman's life, *do what you will to hide it. And then you are flo much in the eye of the world ; and besides your own position there is your family's, your uncle's. Think what it would be if the world pointed the finger of scorn at your—at your iptosion-Hat your high and noble aims— and all bn account .<rf .m*! You would cea&e; to love ine-^ahd I—t—" 'VJuisten I" »He toad- been fosfcleasly on the pavement (before her. " Here I stand t Here are y*ou ! Let the waves of public opinion dash theanr eelws against us—we stand or fall together !" " Oh, ob, oh !" fi>{ie was crying on his breast, but with what -mixed and conflicting feel ings ! Joy, pain, deliight, dread, hope, disappointment. She had tried to dis honour herself In his eyes, and it would have broken her heart If she had suc ceeded. But she had failed, and he had triumphed, and that was harder still to bear. From overhead they heard the last lines of the song : Erreicht den Hof mlt Muh und Noth - In selnen Armen daa kind war todt. "Good night," she whispered, and fled into the bouse. The lights in the dining-room were lowered, tout she found a telegram that was waiting on the mantelpiece. It was from Sefton, the 'manager. " Author arrived In Lon don to-day. Hopes to be at rehearsal Monday. Please "be there certain." The world wa« seizing her again, the imaginary -Gloria was dragging tier fba-ck with visions of splendour and suc cess. But she crept upstairs, and went by the drawing-room on tiptoe. "Not to-night," she thought. "My face is not fit to toe seen to- night" There was a dying "fire in her bed room, and her evening gown had been* laid out on a chair in front of it. Sine put the gown away in a drawer, and out of a box which she drew from be neath the bed she took a far different costume. It was the nurse's outdoor, cloak, which she bad bought for use at the hospital. She held It a moment by the tips of her fingers, and looked at it, and then put it back with a sigh. " Gloria! is that you ?" Rosa called, up the stains ; and Drake's cheery voice cried, " Won't our nightingale come down and give us a stave before I go ?" " Too late ! Just going to bed. Good night," she answered. Then she Ht & candle, and sat down to write a letter. " It's no use, dear John, I cannot! It would be like putting bad money into the offertory to put me into that holy work. Not that I don't admire It, and lore It, and worship it. It la the great est wovlc in the world, and last week T^ thought I could count everything else as dross, only remembering that I loved; you and that nothing else mattered. But now I know that this was a vain and fleeting sentiment, and that the eights and scenes of your work repel me on a nearer view, just as the hospital, repelled me in the early mornings when the wards were being cleaned, and the wounds dressed, and before tie flowers were laid about. "Oh, forgive me, forgive rane! But if I am fit to Join your life at all it cannot be in London. That ' old serpent call ed the devil and Satan' would be certain to torment one here. I could not live within sight and sound* of London, and go on with the life you live. London would drag me back. I feel as if It were an earlier lover, and I must fly, away from it. Is that possible ? Can we go elsewhere ? It is a monstrous demand, I fcnow. Say you cannot* agree to it. Say so at once—lt will serve me right." The stout watchman of the New Inn was calling midnight when Glory etoie out to post her letter. It fell Into the letter-box with a thud, and she crept fracfc like a guilty tiling. (To be continued.) 