FISHER'S GHOST The Trial. (Continued.) ROSS—EXAMINED, he said: I have seen Fisher write. His writing was better than that shown to me. The re ceipt exhibited, I think, was not the same as the one I saw. It is in a fairer hand writing. I did not mention my suspicions to him at the time, but did to some of my neighbors in the following week, when I heard some remarks from others. Thomas Hammond, who lived in Campbelltown, and knew Fisher, said: I was in the habit of seeing him till May or June, when he dis appeared. He used to live in the same house with Worrell, who acted as agent for him. In July he offered to sell me some boards of Fisher's, which he was authorised to dispose of by a written power, and would show it; but he never did. The boards must be taken away immediately, he added, far fear of an execution being put in, and that Fisher had left be cause he was afraid of a prosecution far forgery. At this time the prisoner was in possession, of all Fisher's property—land, houses, houses, and a gig, in which he used to drive about. We went to Sydney together in it, and while there, I saw Mr. Cooper, who talked about Fisher, and said, "I sus pect he's been murdered." Meeting Worrell after wards, I repeated this to him, when he laughed at it; but on other occasions when I referred to tr again, he turned pale, and tried to smile; it was rather affected. I then said, "If you know anything about Fisher, you had better tell it;" to which he replied, "He has left the colony, and that's all I know." We did not return to Campbelltown to gether. He said, "I have some other business to transact, and you may go on in the horse gig." When he returned, I renewed, the conversation about Fisher, and he replied, "He's on the water, and I have authority to act for him," producing a receipt for some horses. It was not his hand-writing. He was a good scholar, and wrote a good band. I have frequently seen him write. The receipt now produced is the one shown, to me, and it is not hia. I suspected that the receipt was forged by a person in the prisoner's service. I told him it was a forgery. He said, "Fisher gave it to me;" and I replied "It must have been to trick you." While talking to him I noticed he had a pair of trousers on, which belonged to Fisher; and one of his servants was wearing a waistcoat which I thought was his, too. Cross-examined, Hammond said: Fisher was a j much smaller man than the prisoner, and it was the tight fit of the trousers that led me to notice them; also the cut—the prisoner being a country farmer. (He was described as a tall, muscular man, about 36 years of age.) I think he cannot write. Four witnesses were called to prove that a note of hand for £25, payable by one of them to Fisher, was paid to the prisoner; that he sold to one of them a horse of Fisher's for £40 in August, and afterwards desired him to say, if any questions were asked about it, that he had hired it for three ? months. Then came three witnesses who had been in the ! prisoner's service about the time of Fisher's dis- appearance, and lived at his place. Edward West ern had known Fisher, who was living at priso ner's farm when last seen; he had considerable property, including horses, which the prisoner sold, and said he had bought from Fisher, who had gone to England. Some of his clothing was given by the prisoner to the bricklayers who were putting up Fisher's building. Samuel Hopkins, a free laborer, was in the habit of sleeping at the prisoner's house in a room ad joining one in which he and Fisher slept. There were several men in the kitchen on the night of June 17. In the evening about dusk Fisher came in and gave one of the bricklayers a dollar to get some rum, as the men wanted to drink, and then went out; he was in the habit of going out in the evening and looking about him. Four of the men went out to get the rum; one of them came back and asked for Fisher, saying, "I wish he would come in, as I want another dollar." He did not return, and Worrell was not seen until next morn- { ing. In answer to the judge, the witness said: "No inquiries were made by the prisoner of me, or any other person to my knowledge, about Fisher's sudden disappearance. No inquiry at all was set on foot about it." The police evidence was next taken. Robert Burke, chief constable at Campbelltown, appre hended the prisoner; knew Fisher and his pro perty; searched prisoner's house for Fisher's pro perty; found some of his horses branded G.W., and some of his papers. George Newland, con stable at the same place, described the search. He said: I received orders from the bench of magistrates to search for the body; I went to a ! place where there were some traces of blood on a rail; it was sprinkled with blood, and there was a trace of fire underneath; it was at the corner of a paddock belonging to Fisher, and adjoining land in prisoner's possession, about fifty rods from his house. I had searched for some time, when two natives came up with Roche, another constable. They searched the ground till they came to a creek, when Gilbert, one of the natives, stopped and went into the water, and took a cornstalk which he passed over the surface, put it to his nose, and said, "I smell the fat of a white man." He led them up the creek till they came to another creek, and went up that for about forty rods, when he put a rod into the ground, and said, "There's something here." We saw the form of a grave where something had been put; we got a spade, and dug a hole and found the body of a man. On getting the hand clear, I said "That's the hand of Frederick Fisher; I will swear to it." I had means of knowing him well; the body and the clothes were nis. The under jaw was a little decayed. This was in October last. I went immediately to inform Mr. Howe, and left Roche in charge of the body. I got a warrant to apprehend the guilty party, as I supposed. I seat for the coroner; next morning he came, and the body was disinterred, and examined by a surgeon. In digging to come to the body, I was careful not to injure it. The coroner's jury found a verdict. The cross-examination referred to the reward, and the appearance of the head, which looked as if it had been broken in by strokes with a stick. Surgeon Patrick Hill examined, the body at the inquest; the head was fractured in several places, each fracture sufficient to have caused immediate death; the body was found in a swampy creek, thor oughly impregnated with alum, which prevented its being more decomposed than it was; the features could not be recognised, owing to decomposition. Fisher came out in the same ship with him. Thomas Robinson saw the body when it was found, and was sure it was Fisher's. He recognised his jacket and braces, and general figure. The stains on the rail appeared to be of blood. The Rev. T. Reddall was one of the justices who heard, the case against the prisoner. Before the body was found, he said Fisher had left the colony; after that he made a declaration of all he knew, accusing his four men servants, who were at his house on June 17, of the murder. This was the case for the Crown. Only one wit ness was called for the defence—Nathaniel Boon— who bad dealings with Fisher, and some intentions of prosecuting him for signing his name to a false agreement. He denied having done so, but witness believed that Fisher had signed it, and threatened to prosecute him. On cross-examination, he said that he was informed by the prisoner that he had run away on account of this business. Rowe, for the prisoner, objected that he had not been asked on arraignment "how he would be tried;" but it was overruled. The case was then closed. The Chief Justice, in summing up the evidence, pointed out that the facts disclosed threw "the bur den of proof" on the prisoner, to account for his possession of Fisher's property, and his absence. The confident manner in which he had spoken of his departure "the secret" that he said was in it, all showed an intimate acquaintance, or a pretended intimacy with his movements. The statement that he had been killed by the four men was irreconcil able with his first story; it was at best but a bare suspicion; but supposing that there was any foun dation for it. how came he, the friend of the mur dered man, to make no inquiries, to take possession of his goods, to say that he had purposely quitted the colony to avoid pursuit, that he held a power of attorney, and to produce false receipts? All this was irreconcilable with the natural course which prisoner ought to have pursued under such extra ordinary circumstances. The prisoner listened to the judge's charge as he had to the evidence, without any sign that showed the slightest emotion. No one could have looked more indifferent to the issue than he did when the jury retired; and when they re turned to the box he was still indifferent. "Stan- ding boldly forth, without betraylng the slightest visible change of countenance, he heard the fatal verdict of guilty recorded." With the same stolid look of indifference he saw the judge put on the black cap, and pronounce sentence of death, to be carried out within three days, and to be followed by dissection of the body. 