gtebotkntai fl&po;. THE CHRISTIAN MINISTER— THE THEME OF HIS MESSAGE. Bead by Rev. T. B. Tbess at the Devotional Meeting held in the CMpter-liouse in Assembly week. Thkbe is perhaps no power entrusted to man for the purpose of influencing his fellow-man greater than the living voice. In every ?age human speech has been largely used to influence others. In the far-back times of antiquity oration was a mighty weapon in the hands of men. A Cicero in Rome and a Demosthenes in Greece by forceful speech wrought with tremendous power upon the minds of those who lived in their days. In this respect the present age differs not from tne days ot yore, ro-day, all the world over, men are moved by the force of sound and eloquent address. It is not, therefore, a matter of surprise that in the evolution of God's great scheme for the ?salvation and happiness of His creatures human speech should be selected as one great instrumentality by which the mind and will of God are to be made known to the world. In the old dispensation : God employed the prophet to tell forth His message to man. He was in a remarkable way God's mouthpiece. ' Thus saith the Lord' was the powerful preface of those prophetic deliverances which worked 1 so effectually in olden times. In the present dispensation this method of communication between God and His creatures is still more largely adopted. The Master Himself was a great preacher. 'Never man spake like this man.' . On mountain top, by water side, in the synagogues, and in the streets, He moved men by the force of His words. How full of significance is His language as recorded by St. Mark: 'Let us go into the next towns, that I may preach there also, for therefore came I forth'; 'And He preached throughout all Galilee.' The commission which Christ gave to His Church established for ever this great agency: ' Go ye and make disciples of all the nations . . . teaching them.' The record of St. Mark makes it much more emphatic : 'Go ye . . . and preach' — KTjpv^are —publish as a herald. The Day of Pentecost, with its tongue of fire as an emblem of powerful speech, and its gift of tongues as an earnest of successful witness, confirmed the purport of the commission, and reminded the Church that its great instrumentality was to be the 'preaching of .the Word. The apostles and first workers in the Church showed that they understood rightly the work entrusted to them, for they began at once to witness by the preached Word. The importance of this agency is stated distinctly by St. Paul: 'It pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe.' His own ministry was in accord with this statement: 'Christ sent me not to baptise, but to preach the Gospel. y' The life work of this great apostle was the preaching of Christ and Him crucified. In our day the ordinance of preaching stands out as one of great value and importance. Men are as eager now to hear as ever they were. Never was the office of a preacher of more value than it is to-day. There are some who decry sermons, and who seem to be impatient of such a presentation of truth as our commission involves ; but if I mistake not there are many who long to hear about higher and better things, and who will welcome the faithful message of the Gospel. The conditions of life at the present time are such as to cause men to desire something more satisfying than the world presents to them, and ears are open to hear the truth of God. But whether this be so or not, it is the duty of 'the servant of God to speak God's words, whether men will hear or whether they will forbear.' Our thoughts to-day are to be directed to ^ the 'theme of our message.' How can we best use the opportunities which are so often presented to us to preach the Word? I do not propose to-day to consider the methods of men, to discuss plans dictated by carnal policy; rather would I inquire into the mind of our Lord as it is revealed by Him in the Scripture. We cannot do better than note what was the great theme of the Master's preaching. This is definitely disclosed by St. Mark i. 14, 15: 'After that John was put in prison, Jesus came into Galilee preaching the Gospel of the Kingdom of God, and saying, The time is fulfilled, and the Kingdom of God is at hand; repent ye and believe the Gospel.' This, taken in connection with the commission of our Lord to His Church, seems to fix in general terms, at any rate, the fundamental truths which were to form the staple of our message to the world. These are threefold — Repentance, Faith, and a Kingdom. Upon these lines St. Paul laboured in his ministry of the Word, for in his address to the elders of Ephesus he said that he 'testified both to the Jews and also to the Greeks repentance toward God and faith in our Lord Jesus Christ.' How clearly and fully he proclaimed the Kingdom is seen in the fifteenth chapter of First Corinthians: ' He must reign until He hath put all enemies under His feet. And when all things shall be subdued unto Him, then shall the Son also Himself be subject unto Him that put all things under Him, that God may be all in all.' 'Then cometh the end, when He shall have delivered up the kingdom to God, even the Father.' I. I judge, then, that the first great theme of our preaching is to be Repentance. We are to call upon men to repent. It follows as a matter of course that there must be clear and positive teaching upon the subject of sin. I venture to think that very defective views of sin are entertained by many people, and that there is much ignorance about it. Few, comparatively, know exactly what sin is, and fewer still realise what the effects of sin are; and I cannot help feeling that our preaching is often ineffectual because we do not give sufficient prominence to the truth about sin and its effects. Sin is defined in absolute terms in the Word. It is the 'trans- gression of the law,', or 'lawlessness' (R.V.) — i.e., a disregard of the law of God. Everyone who transgresses the law is a sinner. It is not a question of degree — i.e., how far a man has gone in his lawless ness— but it is a question of simple fact. Has he transgressed? Then he is a sinner, subject to all the pains and penalties of lawless ness. How many try to shelter themselves behind the obvious fact that they are not as bad as some others, you know quite well; and it becomes the duty of the Christian minister to proclaim aloud the fact that sin is the transgression of the law, and that ' all have sinned and come short of the glory of God;' But sin is more than a mere act of transgression; it is inward wrongness — a corrupt and evil principle which has its seat in the human soul. This is described by St. Paul as the 'carnal mind,' which is ' enmity against God' ; it is called ' the flesh,' which is said to 'lust against the spirit.' This evil principle troubled St. Paul himself . He found within him a law by which ' evil was present with him,' ' another law in his members warring against the law of his mind,' &c.; This view of sin is one which the preacher should emphasise with great force. We should make it clear that sin within us is a defiling, domineering thing, which if unchecked deepens and spreads every day of our life. It is necessary, also, that the ill effects of sin should be presented clearly and fully to the minds and hearts of men. Sin involves condemnation. The sinner — be he a great sinner or a little one — stands condemned before God. ' The wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men.' Sin calls forth the righteous anger of God; it excites His holy indignation. This we must declare with out fear, and without favour. As a further consequence, sin alienates men from God, and destroys fellowship with God. 'Your sins have been separating between you and your God.' By repeated acts of- sin, sinful man builds up a wall of separation between himself and God. He can have under these circumstances no converse with God. He may in time of trouble cry to God when sorrow comes upon him ; he may-attempt to pray. But no relief comes — no answer appears. And why ? Because his cry and his prayers, instead of reaching the ears and heart of the Eternal, only strike against that great wall of separation. It is our duty to tell men this, and show them the folly of thus separating themselves from God. Furthermore, sin is a cruel bondage. ' He that committeth sin is the bond-slave of sin.' It sets up an authority in the soul which is all too real and dreadful. There is surely no one but has witnessed the terrible thraldom which sin exercises over the sinner. Who has not seen the strongest subdued, the most confident defeated, the very best of men enslaved and degraded by this foe? We cannot too strongly warn men of this. Many dally with sin because they think they can take it up and lay it down just when they like; instead of which sin is a law of evil which obtains a growing mastery over the person Who allows it. Every permitted sin binds the sinner more closely to evil, and renders escape from its thraldom more difficult. Moreover, we cannot be silent about the present effects of sin. We are bound in very faithfulness and love to tell of the misery that it works in every direction. It touches as a blight the personal life, and brings with it sorrow, dissatisfaction, and failure. It is the great cause of domestic sorrow. It produces those 3ocial sores which are at once so open and so loathsome. These are things about which we must testify with all fidelity and love. Our obligation in this matter is solemnly set out by St. Paul in his second letter to Timothy: 'I charge thee, therefore, before God and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead . . . Preach the word ; be instant in season and out of season, reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long- suffering and doctrine.' Our solemn and imperative duty is to call men to repentance, to 'warn them to flee from the wrath to come.' II. But with the call to Bepentance there must be the proclamation of pardon and salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ. Man has sinned ; the sinner is under condemnation ; he is reaping already the effects of sin in a bitter bondage which he is enduring, and in misery and sorrow which he is experiencing. From all this there is deliver ance. This deliverance is the central truth of that Gospel which we are to preach to every creature. To us ministers of Christ belongs the rich privilege of proclaiming salvation full and free to all. It is our privilege and joy to go to those who have heard the call to repentance, and who, under the convicting power of God's spirit, are longing for pardon and peace, and tell them of the perfect atonement of Christ's sacrifice and death. We must assure them that He took the sinner's place ; that He bore the sinner's punishment; that He paid the sinner's debt; that He made full satisfaction for the sinner's guilt; that there is immediate pardon and acceptance with God if they will but believe the Gospel and receive (Jnnst as the Saviour. More than this : We have to make known the power of Christ to keep and bless and sanctify His people. We must tell it out that ' He is able to save to the uttermost all who come unto God by Him.' We must publish abroad the blessed fact that ' He which hath begun a good work will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ.' We can go to the poor sin-bound soul, the soul that is weary of sin, and tell him that sin shall not have dominion over him, that in Christ there is victory over the strongest vices and the best-loved sins. We can, and we should, seek out the weary and heavy- laden, and in the name of our Lord show the place of rest. We can meet the oppressed, the down-trodden, and the desponding, and point to a Man who is a ' hiding-place from the wind, and a covert from the tempest' ; who is ' as rivers of water in a dry place, and as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land.' We can go to the sorrowful, and tell of Him whose great mission it is to bind up the broken-hearted. It is for us to find out the poor and the needy, and bring them to the great storehouse of Divine Grace, from which they can obtain a full supply for all their wants. Brethren in Christ, is not this a glorious message ? Is not ours a blessed ministry ? With reference to this call to Bepentance and Faith, I find that it is to be presented by us in two ways. It is a command. God commands men to repent; He commands men to believe. 'This is His com mandment, that we should believe on the name of His Son Jesus Christ.' Not to believe, therefore, is disobedience. It is no answer to say, 'I can't believe,' because 'God's biddings are enablings,' and the man who is willing to believe will find the grace to do so. Our message in this direction must be delivered authoritatively. In the name of our Master, and after His example, we are to command men to repent and believe. But we are to invite men to the enjoyment of the blessings of the Gospel. In 2 Cor. v. the- minister of Christ is represented as an ambassador exercising the ministry of reconciliation. He is to beseech men to be reconciled to God. In the great commission the servant is commanded to 'preach the Gospel' — i.e., to tell out good tiding, and invite men to partake of blessing. 'The Kingdom of Heaven is like unto a certain king which made a marriage for his son, and sent forth his servants to call them that were bidden.' Here is a feast — a royal feast, a marriage feast — the central idea of which is honour, supply, happiness. To this men are invited. The blessings of the Gospel are held out to men as worthy of their most joyful acceptance. It is our business to invite, to call men to be partakers of the blessings. Arid we must not forget that these things pertain to the present ; they have largely to do with this present life. It is not uncommon to hear it said that Christian ministers talk too much about the other world, and do not sufficiently recognise the difficulties and cares of this present life. This charge should not truthfully lay against us. We have to do, thank God, with the other world. Our Master is there, our inheritance is there, our home is there. And those who find fault have to do with the other world, though they too often shut their eyes to the fact, and become absorbed in the present; they are hastening through life, and must by- and-by stand before God. Of this they need to be reminded, and no adverse criticism nor unkind sneer must deter, us from sounding the word of warning. But our ministry has to do with the present. .We have to deal with the sins, the sorrows, the troubles of the present. It is our duty to help our fellow- creatures in the perplexing circumstances of life. We must show them how to rise above the unhappy conditions in which many are placed. We have an evangel which is all-sufficient for men in every circumstance of life : With this we are to go to the sinner and tell him of the power of Christ to lift him out of sin and all its misery, and to destroy its power in the soul ; with this we visit the perplexed, and assure them that the Spirit of God dwells in the child of God, and guides into all truth ; with this we seek out the sorrowful, and make known the blessed fact that Christ can turn sorrow inttt joy; with this we approach the oppressed, the persecuted, the forsaken, the despairing, and proclaim the message that God loves them, and will deliver them from every adverse thing if they will but fully trust Hun. A full Gospel is the true remedy for all these ills. And we must take a still wider outlook, and view the world in its broader aspects. Society to-day is torn by conflicting parties ; class is set against class, faction against faction. We note the jealousies of nations. We are familiar with horrid tales of cruelty inflicted by man upon his fellow-man. Has our message any bearing upon this? Certainly.it has. The law of Christ bears down upon all classes of men. The precepts of the Gospel are addressed to all— to rich and poor, to high and low, to learned and ignorant, to the meohanic and to the merchant, to the employer and the employe. We must see that they reach all. The nations are to be evangelised. It is our duty to carry out the injunction given by Christ to this effect, and when men everywhere hear and obey the Gospel, social strife will cease, and the conflicts of parties and classes will come to an end. When nations bow before the sceptre of Jesus; then the '^sword shall, be beaten into ploughshares, and the spears into pruning-hooks, and war shall be learnt no more.' It may be that such a consum mation as this will only be witnessed when the Lord Himself ? comes. Yet the evils which exist at home and abroad may even now be greatly mitigated by the spread of Gospel principles. Let us proclaim a. Gospel which can touch this present evil world. Let us believe in the power of God's Truth to work upon the world and its varied ills. Let us sound forth, with the confidence of men who know Whom they have believed, the 'good tidings which arefou all people.' III. But we preach a Kingdom. This did Jesus. ' I must preach the Kingdom of God, for therefore am I sent.' We read also (Luke viii. 1), ' He went throughout every city and village, preaching and showing the glad tidings of the Kingdom of God.' In St. Luke's account (ix. 2) of the charge given to the disciples, we are told that 'He sent them to preach the Kingdom of God.' So St. Paul proclaimed everywhere a Kingdom. The Kingdom of God forms the great subject of Old Testament promise and prophecy. The Kingdom was presented and offered to, Israel by the Lord Jesus. It is the same Kingdom which is set up, with Divine judgments and power in the visions and prophecies .of _ the. Apocalypse. There is one Kingdom; that Kingdom is everlasting. There is one King, even Jesus, who will set up His Kingdom in visible form- when He comes the second time. His glorious reign will vindicate God's authority on the earth. ' He must reign until He, hath put all enemies under His feet,' 'Thencometh the end,- when, He shall have delivered up the Kingdom to God.' This is an important part of our message to the world. We have to. make known a righteous rule, when all the inequalities of. earth will be rectified, when all the wrongs .under which the whole creation groans at the present time will be done away. _ ? ' But in the meantime there is a spiritual rule, which is exercised by; the indwelling Christ over the hearts and minds of Christian men. This we are to proclaim. It is our duty to tell of a gracious control which is experienced by every soul truly surrendered to Christ— a control over the mind, so that every thought is brought into captivity, to the obedience of Christ; a control over the heart, by which the law of love to God and man is enforced and exemplified; a control over the life, making every child of God to be a faithful and powerful witness for God in a world which rejects and dishonours Him. It will be observed that in discussing the subject allotted to me I have dwelt almost exclusively upon the ministry of evangelisation. In so doing, I have no thought of underrating the ministry of edifi.. cation. The minister of Christ has a very definite message to those who are members of the Church of Christ. To them there is a call to growth in grace, to. a diligent use of the means, of grace, to love, and to good works. We must not fail to present this aspect of truth. I have, however, enlarged upon the other phase of our ministry, because there seems to be a tendency in the present day to forsake the old truths, and to substitute for .them topics which are supposed to be more in accord with the thinking and tastes of the day. The com mand of God is to preach the Gospel, and we have no right, as ambassadors, to trifle with the orders of our Sovereign. The doctrine of 'repentance toward God' is as necessary now as it was when Paul testified to Jew and Greek. And I verily believe that the con science of man approves of this. The most careless and ungodly . know in their hearts that their needs are such as the faithful messenger of Christ declares ; and though they may at first resent the truth and resist the message, many will, in the end, be influenced and blest by it. There is one matter upon which I desire to touch. before closing my. address ; it is the need of spiritual power for the preaching of the Word. May I not say that we all feel our need of this ? We call to mind the history of the early Church, and think of the power which was wielded by the disciples of Christ after Pentecost. The men, whose works were feeble, whose characters were unstable^ whose words were without force, became, after the enduement of the Spirit, entirely changed in regard to their ministry. They presented after that a personality which exercised an influence wherever they went ; they Bpoke with a power whioh was irresistible. Was this enduement necessary only at the beginning of. Christian Conquest ? Was it a special thing conferred only upon those who laid the foundation of the Christian Church? Can we do without this same power now? Is there any influence to-day, apart from this, which can produce the effects which the Church ought ever to bring forth ? Surely not. The, power of Pentecost is the only force whioh can effectually work upon the world of sin, of darkness, and of selfishness. What this power is, is declared by Christ: 'Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you : and ye shall be witnesses unto me.' The early Christians tarried until they were endued with power from on high. Then they went forth in the path of conquest and blessing. To us belongs the same equipment. The Divine Spirit fills His Church to-day, and will come upon us the moment we surrender ourselves to Him, and by faith claim the enduement. Possessed of tiiis gift, our labour will never be in vain. Our message will be a message of power ; our ministry will be a ministry of joy ; our harvest will be rich and abundant. 