foTIEMTllME | LITERARY GOSSIP. j In Mr. Budyard Kipling's new story, I "Slaves of the Lamp," the local color of the | novel is laid partly at an English public I school and partly in India. | "Fortune's Fingers," by A. E. Wickham, j is another recent inclusion in Hutchinson's I Colonial Library. We suppose that all tastes must be catered for, and that it is in I compliance with this rule that a strict stan dard of judgment must sometimes be de parted from. The strange experiences of Guendolen Williams, though not lacking in variety of incident, are not recorded in a style which is likely to aroUBe entrancing interest. A girl of 18 who in the course of a few weeks can run through the gamut of fear, love and horror, culminating in a conviction for murder, and an ultimate re lease through the confession of the real perpetrator, is certainly the possessor of a strange eventful history; but Mr. Wick- ham's manner of description is not such qb to, give the impress of reality to this de lirious outbreak. Any number of the "Family Herald" contains tales of higher calibre than this. Full details are now available as to the "Life of Nelson," by Captain Mahan. The distinguished American sailor has been en gaged upon the work for four, years hack. He has examined with patience and with care Nelson's . voluminous correspondence and despatches and many other sources of information. HiB aim has been to make Nelson describe himself — tell the story of his own inner life as well as his external actions. He mentions that in going over NeUon's letters he has sought to "detect the leading features of temperament, traits of thought, and motives of action. His process has enabled Captain Mahan, by gradual familiarity, rather than by formal effort, to grasp the character of Nelson as revealed in his letters. There are two vol umes of the biography, and the first comes up to shortly after the battle of the Nile. Early in the second volume a couple of very different events are recorded — Nelson's se- & a ration from his wife and the battle of openhagen. The final chapters deal with the antecedents which led up to Trafalgar, with the battle itself, and -.with -Nelson's death. The illustrations for the work, alike in respect to portraits, mapB and plans, are most extensive and attractive. "Kitty, the Bag," a new novel by Bita, received through Messrs. Melville, Mullen and Slade, iB among the latest additions to Hutchinson's Colonial Library. The story is one- of Irish incident, hut is extremely melodramatic in conception, and disregards the laws of probability with somewhat reck less carelessness. Bita may possibly claim a precedent in Shakspeare's Juliet in mak ing the precocious ardor of a pair of Irish : lovers the foundation of her woful tale, but it is a strain upon her readers' credulity to place the initial events upon which the story . hangs at so very youthful an age. Hermia Marsden and Eugene Maguire are only boy and girl when they love each other with consequences that lead to very disas trous results. The girl's good name was saved! by the stern interference of her pa rent, who Bent the handsome Eugene out of the country, and murried his erring daugh ter as quickly as he could to a wealthy Eng lish nobleman. The reader is not long left in doubt as to the secret attaching to Kitty, who is being brought up in the vil lage amidst surroundings of poverty and dirt. She is ambitious of becoming a lady, and Hermia's father uses her as an instru ment of his revenge on u daughter whom he finds reason for hating in the belief :- that her slip from the fiat lis of virtue wus a result of lercdity. He sends Kitty to school, encourages her aspirations, and flnally in his will leaves licr the heiress of his es tate. Her mother all this time is supposed to be in ignorance of her child's existence, and takes her into her house as a com panion, only to find an element of rivalry when the murder of Mr. Sfarsden, an il lustration of the Irish practice of landlord potting, brings the will to light. Eugene has returned to Ireland as a priest eloquent and ardent, but always suffering under the pangs of remorse. He meets Hermia again, and is almost tempted to abandon his post. He receives on the death bed of his mother a confession of the truth concerning ICitty, and insists to Hermia that the wrong they have done must be rectified. Kitty at first is a stern, unrelenting judge, but even tually, under the softening influence of a love affair of her own, slie relaxes her vin dictive resentment and is reconciled to her mother. Bita is a popular author with the ordinary reader, who is not disposed to be over critical as long as he is entertained. Still, slips of carelessness such as she ex hibits in making statements contradictory of each other pay but a poor compliment to the discernment of her admirers. In Professor Max Muller's "Recollections of Froude," he denies the old Btory that I Froude's novel, "The Nemesis of Faith," was publicly burnt in the quadrangle of Exeter College. The story is interesting as showing how quickly a myth can spring up even in our own time, if only there be some likelihood in it, and something that pleases the popular taste. What really happened was, ns he wns informed at the time by Froude himself, no more than that one of the tutors (Dr. Sewell) spoke about the book at the end' of one of his college lec tures. He warned the young men against the book, and asked whether anybody had read it. One of the undergraduates pro duced a copy which belonged to him. Dr. aewell continued his Bermonette, and, warming with his subject, he finished by .throwing the book, which did not belong to him, into the fire, at the same time stirring the eonls to mnke them burn. Of what fol lowed there are two versions. Dr. Sewell, when he had finished, asked his class, Now, what have I done?" "You bave burned my copy," the owner of the book said in n sad voice, "and I shall hnve to buy a new one." The other version of tbe reply was, "You hnve stirred the fire, sir." And so it wob. A book which at pre sent would call forth no remark, no contro versy, was discussed in all the newspapers, and raised a storm nil over England Bishops shook their heads, nay, even tbeir fists, at the young heretic. And Froude not only lost his fellowship, but when he accepted the head mastership of a college far away in Tasmania, his antagonists did not rest till ' his appointment had been cancelled. The worst of it was tint r was poor, and that his father a t "i1'0 f was so displeased 'with'; - that he Stopped the allowance which f0D formerly made him. It seems aim 1,e had the poverty of a victim " ;is 'f zest and enjoyment to his pursuers In j-roas had to sell his books onebvr». JUde was trying hard to support himseh""'. ai"d pen. This was then not so e 1 A ' > Miv Vpv- At th:lt very time hovt' v" Max Muller received a cheniio L? Ur' from an unknown hand. w?th t a20 that he would hand it to Froude him that lie had friends and svrm -tf - who would not forsake him H ' "5er3 till many years later that he disco --"'! ??' donor, and Froude was tW " ,d th» under the title of My Contempn,tllper8 Fiction. Mr. Kipling says tlwt he s m the time "will, come -when he will be aMPf8 write "a real novel-not a one-vob to two- volume, but a real decent threed«t®r A He considers that "no man this S3 > at the earliest has secreted enouffh nL 40 tion-not to say thoughtto X a rT'a; which, 111 spite of all they sayTfV a£veI Btory, is i„ hiB opinion, the r0ifhaa!>m Independent firing by marksmen ?s a nr» ' .th'ng, but it is the volley- firincof 'li battalion that clears the front." a .The March number of the nan " a magazine devoted to strangrnMo' sophical speculation, under the editnrX r Victoria Woodhull Martin conSp0f vernl contributions which will repay H rusal. Women s Suffrage, in "The Oinw Year," is treated, by Charlotte Cafeel Slopes; and Affinities is the title ofTnlav by Zulu Maud Woodhull, wherein peculiar views find expression. A Scientific View of Ghosts and the Future of the Spiritual Man are subjects which are also dealt with from novel aspects. Less ab- struse are the articles on the social customs of the Zulus, the Indian famine and appre ciations of Spenoza and Bjornson From the Religious Tract Societv we have received their regular monthlv publications comprising "Leisure Hour," ''Bojtf oS Home' -Q,rlf "T? PaP,?r'" "Sundav at e' „ ,Sunda>- Hours," "Child's Com namon,;' "Our Little Dots," "Light in he Hme, Cottager and Artisan," "Friendiv Greetings" and a brief biography of MWn » TV m Se-ies of "Elc'ellent v ,9 ' There is a wide variety of in structive and entertaining reading. It-is. announced I that M. Pierre Lerov Beaulieu is to publish a . book on the Bri- tish colonies of the southern hemisphere As a matter of fact the greater part o i nf ha3 m a series of articles published la6t year in the Revue des Deux Mondes." No doulit observes the Daily News" critic, in their collective form they will be widely read and used as political missiles. M. Lerov- Beaulieu s name, or rather his father's, will j ensure- that. In addition, his writing U painstaking, full of detail, and by no means devoid of vigor. But the interest likelv to be taken in his book will have very little to do i "with these merits. Its attraction Trill be that. M Leroy-Beaulieu has made the first carefully designed and something like , complete attack which European individual ism has yet delivered against Socialistic Democracy in Australasia. His writing is disfigured by bias and teems with inaccur acies. The bias is too patent to escape no tice, but the inaccuracies are often masked by an array of figures and references, and so are not always easy to expose. The book will be welcomed with delight by polemic Conservatives in the colonies. M. Leroy-Beaulieu's method of studying colo nial life does not seem to have differed much from that of most other globetrotting critics. That is to say, he scampered through the colonies, spending a week here and a fortnight there, and conversing in clubs, hotels and drawingrooms with a few of the richer and more conservative colo nists. Some of the after-dinner remarks of these persons, which he is credulous enough to believe and fatuous enough to reproduce, are as amusing as they are un true. For the rest the Government year books and Parliamentary papers seem to have furnished the author with the ma terial for his diatribes. His use of the ma terial shows what strange things facts and figures may become in the hands of a clever ill-informed writer with strong preposses sions, and who goes to work in a hurry. One class of colonists, and one class only, finds favor in M. Leroy-Beaulieu's eyes. These are the great flock owners or squatters, whose woes he deplores, and whose virtues- he celebrates. According to this remark able economist, colonists are divided into three classes.- First come the squatters, who have done nearly all the good work that ever has been done in Australasia. Next stand the farmers— of some but little use. Third are the workmen — of almost no use or value whatever. ! 