Personal. John L. Sullivan, ex-champion pug. of the universe, is announced as a candidate for the mayoralty of Boston. Wells, the mau who broke the hank at Monte Carlo, is now organist and assistant teacher of music in Portlaud (England) prison. When Robert Louis Stevenson hpard of the death of Matthew Arnold he said, with a weary sigh--" Poor Matthew, he'll never get on with God !" From a reccnt novel "Give him grey hairs and make him Prime Minister, and he is ever there ready to bray for a woman's nod." It is affirmed, on good authority, that Shamus O'Brien, hero of the familiar poem, was transported to Botany Bay, and died at Liverpool, New South Wales. " Bob" Gorrie, a well- known Coolgardie mining man, has returned to the colony after a 12 months' sojourn in the City of Smoke. A few hours before Seddon's farewell banquet in London he met Grey, and the latter—whom Seddon is unlikely to inert again on earth—said, "Remember me to the people of New Zealand, and may God keep you in his care." "Tasma" (Madame-Couvreur) who died the other day, was not a native of Tasmania, as is generally supposed. She was born in London, but" was brought out to Tasmania by her parents at a very early age. Paderewski, the famous pianist, while on his Polish estate, recently cut his hair short, and is now practising bicycle riding. After this we see absolutely 110 reason why Vosper shouldn't cut hi:. The bicycle is, of course, a mere trifle. The Jersey 'Lily—somewhat faded and tarnished now—is said to be engaged 011 her autobiography. The value of the book will depend on the amount of candour stuffed between its covers. If she would but tell the whole truth it would eclipse the Trilby boom. Mrs. Nixon, the heroine of the recent Adelaide stabbing " romance " is a graceful well-dressed young woman with lustrous dark eyes, a pleasing face, soft voice, and fascinating manner. She gives the impression that she would be an ornament to the stage if she had the requisite training. Once in New York a girl became madly infatuated with Kyrle Bellew. As her love-shots took no effect she tried a revolver and fired at him one night while he was playing Hamlet. The shot did no damage, except to give a smart critic a chance to spit out that the girl was probably inspired by the ghost of Shakespeare. Miss Rounsevell, the surviving heroine of the Deeming horror, is at present located in Glasgow. She has recently taken steps to recover certain articles of jewellery given her by the murderer, but confiscated by the olice when they were discovered to have Eeen stolen or the property of a murdered wife. An Adelaide paper states that a number of ladies (?) occupied prominent seats in the court during the washing of the filthy linen of the Nixon-Addison scandal, and freely conversed with the "gentleman" whom Lawyer Hamp scornfully designated "a derfidious thing!" Well, there is no accounting for taste! William Holden, who died last week in Adelaide, in his 90th year, was the Nestor of Australian journalism. He served more than half a century on the REGISTER staff, and maintained his mental faculties to a marvellous degree almost to the hour of his death. The genial old gentleman was a wonderfully clever mathematician. Miss Katharine Drexel, an American lady who inherited £1,200,000 from her father, has just taken her final vows as a nun. Under average conditions the world is not much to resign, even for the bare walls of a convent. But £1,200,000 thrown into the balance materially alters the aspect of affairs. Lord Rosebery, In the, course of an address at a pedigree Btock jsale, in Scotland, said agriculture in his lifetime had always been subject, to two features—depression, and a Royal <3orbmission. There was this differenceJt>et$teen<; them—that, whereas both condiUons were .pemanent, they knew the .results of depression, but they had never seen any result of a Royal Commission. \- • . i-' .... .•••'• .. •-{. ' On Sunday eveuing last Dr. Zillmandelii&ejtea.; ft lecfcure Mtitled Wolsey—A tesjiearian Study for^blitical Men." Ipoteiuertraoed th^ character of ^^n^Shal^eaw^^HBiiry the ' i^'Ttiestor^f * ' " - therise - • and id M i£ of id. ttftityjot -human \- ( %a!rhlnk jBgaimt ambition. . Nevertheless, whilst. there remain "depths and shoals of honor" to be sounded (VIDE Wolsey's speech) the world will be full of men daring enough to make the attempt. Prior to the Victorian elections tha "Tocsin" (new labor paper) had the following :—" Premier Turner wants his noniiifee, Kemp, put in for Eastern Suburbs, and the bosses of the Liberals, or rather Boss David, acquiesces. Bedford is given the cold shoulder, and the secret history of how he has been opposed, manoeuvred, and deceived by the " Liberal Party" will make excellent reading whenever Randolph puts his vigorous and skilful pen to the task of telling it." Sir Bryan O'Louglilin, who was elected over J. F. Duffus, the previous member, and Tommy Bent for Port Fairy. Victoria, added a red-hot "crank" item to his election pledges for the occasion. Port Fairy I cing a " pratie " growing district, nnd chock full of O'Houlahans, O'Gormans, O'Flaherty's. Flanagan's, and Sweeney's he gave forth that he was in favor of religious instruction in S'ate Schools 011 "Catholic lines only." Frobablv owing to this. Duffus, who is opp'ised to any Scriptural teaching in State Schools, and who nt the previous election gave the Irish lawver a severe drubbintr, was defpate'l hv •"> votes. The. question now is—will O'Louglilin cive voice to h's pledge in the House? Some W.A. Members, who were fleeted on a particular ticket, and who are hanpy in the possession of the vroverbi-il "elastic eonscience." in the fullness of their joy "iav surely venture a prophecy. A successful American, just returned from the Klondike, says :—" Why, it costs a dollar to get shaved up there. I went into that country four vears ago. and got clear out of the track of civilisation. You can imagine what I looked like when I got back to Dawson Citv. The first place I hunted up was a hnrher's shop. I had a liealthv beard 011 mv face, and was triad to get shaved. As I went out I saw the barbell narefullv gather up the board, and I learned next day that they had refined the hair and secured about liidol. worth of fine gold dust. You see, it blows through the air up there, and—say, it's time to have a drink." A scene was occasioned in Baylev-street, Coolgardie, the other dav, when a woman soundly thrashed her husband with an umbrella. The woman was much more powerful than the man, and held him firmly and belabored him unmercifully. The trouble arose out of some litigation, the husband having succeeded in convincing the court he was the lawful owner of some property which his wife had sold to another as hers. The directors of the Manchester Roya Exchange recently presented life tickets of membership to three gentlemen wh had been members of the Royal Exchang. of that city for 60 years ! These gentlenu are: Mr. Emil Liebert, of Messrs. Emi Liebert&Co.;, India, China, and Continental shippers ; Mr. John Chadwick, a cotton manufacturer; and Mr. John Swan wick, a yam and insurance agent. Mr. "Karri" Davies is now enjoying a well-earned holiday in England with the members of his family, who are at present on a visit to the Mother Country from Australia. It is reported that Mr. Davies talks freely of affairs in South Afri.ca, but deprecates the idea of newspaper interviews, feeling that, as regards his imprisonment, the dead past should bury its dead. He has had an interview with Mr. Chamberlain. M. Zola, realist as he is, lias his superstitious. He is said to have his dislike to the U 7-T XT M I "»»»« number 17. Nevertheless, multiples of seven comfort him Dr. loulouse in Ins recent book on Zola's temperament, says that in the night it often happens that he will open his eyes seven times in order to "rove to him that he is not going to die. E r, Johnstone used to touch poste on "he kerb. M. Zola toucheH lamp- posts. He will walk on the pavement in a certain way, and be careful to surmount an obstacle witli the right foot, for he has a convictiou that unless he performs certain simple acts in a certain way, something untoward will happen to him, not necessarily serious, but, at least, annoying. For a long time he believed that unless he started from his doorstep left foot foremost, he would be unfortunate in the business that called him forth, whatever might be its nature. When the Rev. Collick left Menzies to take up the care pf the stray lambs at the Boulder, the people of Menzies wanted to give him a testimonial, but he wouldn't have it. Collick is an ideal goldfields missionary. He is one of the few parsons of to-day who wouldn't mind ndiug into Jerusalem 011 an a® 8 * • The Government Astronomer of W.A. has left London in order to pay another flying visit to these shores. He will probably remain here a few weeks ptfor to returhirig'tcTLoudon, where the blight, clear atmosphere is so conducive to making fiatronottuoai observations. It is to be hoped ihe Government will not forget the An order which has been received in England from a dusky monarch in a British colony, for his regal robes and crown, indicates (says the " Daily Mail") that civilisation is making very rapid progress in West Africa. The kings who were content to be clothed solely in a top hat and a pair of anklets, if they have not actually all gone, are fast disappearing. The enumeration of the articles asked for will no doubt be of interest to the fashionable world, as showing the clothing of a king—in West Africa. They are :—One pair of trousers, black sup. cloth, embossed in rich heavy silk ; one shirt, black superfine cloth, embossed with gilt, straight lines of gilt brnid; one mantle to design, lined black silk, embossed all round edge in gilt oak leaf, with fixtures for epaulettes. One gilt 9-inch crown; one pair epaulettes, with gilt tops and gilt fringe ; one cap to design (star in centre); three feathers for ditto; six yards silk lining. It is a circumstance worthy of note that a cap (star in centre), with three feathers, is an indication of royalty in Africa when the crown (gilt, 9-inch) is absent, and also that his majesty is the proud possessor of one shirt and one pair of trousers. What this noble king's appear iiicc will sivor of when donned with his black mantle, may bt a matter of no small conjecture. No bouts are mentioned, but evidently these arc details winch do not enter into the conventionalities of garb of a king in West Africa. General Prendergast, writing to.an Indian paper says :—Natives of India are faithful to government; they speak much of "the Sirkiiy' but little of the " Kaisar" or Empress ; in Parliament they are represented, not by a Hindoo or Mussulman, or even by a Buddhist or a Sikh, but by a Parsee ; in the newspaper press they are represented, or led, by the liengali Baboo and the halfcaste Vakeel. The war cry of "Din," " Din," or "The Faith," "The Faith," that one hears in moments of excitement, strikes one as singularly grotesque when followers of the Prophet, shoulder to shoulder perhaps with Rajputs and Brahmins an,j i e( j j,y British Christian officers, advance to attack an enemy : but the word, if not appropriate, is certainly inspiriting. The reformed troops of certain native princes are well termed " Imperial Service troops." Would it not he well that the idea of our Sepoys being only mercenary troops be obliterated, and that the army of India, composed of soldiers of Great Britain, who are as much volunteer as the men of our Line regiments, be termed the " Imperial Indian Army V " Pennefather. the new Attorney-General is a son of Mr. Frederick Pennefather, of Tipperary, Ireland, a near relative of a former Irish Lord Chief Justice and Baron of the Exchequer of that name. He was born in 1854, and was brought out to Australia whilst very young. He was educated in Melbourne, and graduated at the University there. In 1876 he was called to the Victorian Bar, and practised his profession first inVictoria, SI'JSJjuently in New South Wales, alii tlun a4am in the former colony till the beginning of last year, when he cair« to Western Australia. After eora- "eting the residental term required under i local legislation relating to the admis-. siow of legal practitioners, Mr. Pennefather was admitted to the bar of the Supreme Court of this colony. At the general elec- tions to the Legislative Assembly this year, Mr. Pennefather contested the seat of (> re enongh, and was returned at the head Qf tj ie p^ The details of the death of the man Arroyo, who assaulted President Diaz at Mexico, reveal a wild and savage spectacle. A mob of between two and three hundred men forced the entrance to the Municipal Palace after midnight, overpowered the officers, shattered the doors of the cell, and rushed upon Arroyo with drawn stilettoes. So eager were all to stab him, says the Standard" telegram, that many barely escaned'the thrusts aimed at him; and the ' t Sto stab the prisoner while ^.^ alive hacked away at the dead body ^iUt S cit into pieces. It is believeJ S ' the ,noh left the that no members membei sol of the tuenou mob left lercuie the building untl1 until he had U8ed used lus his 8t,lett stiletto. o - About twenty of tte authorities will attempt their prosecutionOEL a charge of murder. We learn from the Kalgoorlie paper that a parcel of spinach, grown oy the Honorable (within the colony) Harold George Parsons, member of the Legislative Council, on his Experimental Farm was eaten by the Minister for Lands and a select party at Parliament House one evening last week. The Hon. Throssel has ordered a regular supply to be forwarded, as he cannot get spinach in Perth. Harry Monkhouse, the actor, .tells with EUBto a little joke he practised in America ® nd Australia. On his vest, when he visited tUe former continent, hp carried apw iece of papelv on which waa written, " Thii s is a great country." When he saw an American approaching him, bursting with the usual question, he opened his frock coat and revealed the correctness of his views. Similarly at Sydney Mr. Monkhouse, with delioate forethought and to avoid wearisome iteration, Wrote on a piece of paper, "I have seen your harbor.' At the same tune Mr. Monkhouse cordially acknowledges that America is a great country, aivd that Sydney t:vv ' There is some talk (writes " New Zealand Mining Standard ") of Mr. Seddon giving up politics in New Zealand in the near future, and returning to London, in the hope of ultimately securing a seat in the House of Commons. With all due deference, we would beg leave to point out to the Right Honorable Doctor Dick that a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. On a special occasion, and purely and simply as the Premier of New Zealand, and exponent of her people, he was received in London with considerable honor, and made a great deal of, but if he goes back as a plain English citizen and without the control of a colony to boost him into prominence, he will find himself very much out of it, and will have just as much chance of gaining the suffrages of the English people as a snowball would have of existing for any appreciable length of time in Hades. When the New South Wales troopers arrived in England their average weight was 11st 101b, and when they left it had risen to 13st 111b. It is just possible that John G. Dunn, mining investor, of "Harkawav," 115 Grosvenor-street, Balaclava, disagrees with Shakespeare's hero in the remark ' Who steals my purse steals trash,' &c.; (says the " Age"). Mr. Dunn was travelling from Ascot Vale to Flinders-street station by the train that arrives at 5v>2 p.m Just before the train reached the platform he was looking through his pocket-book, and when the train stopped he absent-mindedly left it on the seat and walked out of the carriage. Soon after the train left he missed it, and wires were sent along the line to intercept the train. No trace of the pocket-book could be found, however. It contained £300 in notes, as follows:—Two £100 notes 011 the Bank of Australasia, Melbourne, Mr. Dunn's name being written on the back of each note ; one £50 note 011 the Union Bank ; four £10 notes 011 the Union Bank ; one £5 note on the London Chartered Bank, and five £1 notes 011 the Union Bank. The pocket- book is a large black morocco one, containing on the back the inscription, "J0I111G. Dunn, F.R.G.S., Wealth of Nations Mine, W. Australia. ( The Tammany Ring has nominated Judge Van Joyk, a scion of the old knickerbocker families, for the mayoralty of New York. The Republicans have put forward Benjamin Tracy, and Henry George, of Single Tax fame, is the nominee of the Socialists. The election is for tliei newly-welded municipality of Greater New York, which comirises a population of over three millions, !leing thus the second largest city in the world. Freetrade v. Protection. Sample of arguments on either side (borrowed from Shakespeare).— Freetrader— " Tis green ; I saw it with these eyes; Stretched at its fast' the 1 least I viewed, And saw it eat the ail- for food !" Protectionist— " I've seen it, sir, as well as you, And mnst again affirm it blue'" 