[?] TO-DAY'S ENGAGEMENTS. FIRST ORADK. FOURTH ROUND— Djccbmisku 4 and 18. Ofltttml Cnml)t-r]nii.1 -r Knnt Byduojr, 1'nrramutto. South Sydney v Giotto. Ulotio. North Sydney v lieiUmn, HorlU R.ydnt-y. Wavorlov v rnildliurtnn, fjjiluoy Criolcot Ground. Uurwood v IicishWdt, Uurwoofl. SECOND Q HADE. Sixth itouitD— DKOKUBBtt i »»» 18. St. Uconto v Iloilfcrn, Uedforn WuTnrlcy v North Sydney. Wr.rorloy Contrnl Ciimburltuut r Ulobo, Olobo Ilnndwlclt v Soittli Bydiioy. Mooro Pnrk Ualinnlii t L'nililmictoit, Miutunin Mauly v TiCl«lilinrai,I.einblinrtU Kurwood v Knot Sjdiioy, Uuuliouttorn' Bay. f jPHE firut Tonb match ! Ab, ah. What a '^- glorioua time wo nro to havo j or ia it that we merely imagine wo nro to have it? TIio noloction of tho Australian toum lino boon attempted byavory man, ovory urchin in tho ut root. It hw» boon diaeunood in Kinp Bttoot, in Mitrkol-atreot. in York-street; it bus boon talked ovorin tho family circle., nt the nixponny bur, and in that neat of high learning nnd hearty English, tho llonao of Piirlinuiuut. ♦ ? ? It lian ovon boon n popular tbomo in tho chamber of hoary heads, wliorein bills of moru or loss, nioatly lusa, importune.) aonfc on by tho people's ruprosoututivoB lmvo boon difliiiiBuod with i* pahnw ond n snort — run out with much Minority. If you happen to Ret into an omuibua you'll find it faddiahly designated Runjit ainliji, nnd tlio women will Kanji your I'ltra until you alight. If you mount n 'bus top the Jolimiio ulongaido will joyfully remark, UB h» rubii his» frngilo liuiulB, on thn cool change atmofiphoric, and omit it wiah that rain may ntuur clour of bounteous Sydnoy for about a fortnight. Being a man whoao thoughta nro ulwityn for yo'ur country's wolfure, and whoso fonduut hopo is thab rain will uwuep tho place- from tho Gulf ol' Carpentaria to tho lovoly Yana, and waah tho drought to tho Buii.you look at him blankly. But ho blandly puiBuoa tlio oven tonor of bin thoughta, and nol-B point bhuilc if yon think Noblo ami Harry Donuan will (jot into tho Tent team. Boing n man oE aubBtnnco nnd sorioua ncsn, you look at tho follow again and High. Cricket mini ! A. Einilo lighta up lua face, ovon his (?yen twinkle. 'J.'lum hu IooJcr full of pil.y for your foolishness Tlio follow actually pities you ; pitiea you because you nro not a crack-brained, excitable, blind crank on cricket. Somotimoa ono wi3h«a that bo worn as deaf au Governor IJurko'n ntatut\ I'\\-r in utnnco, lant Saturday wo travel lod ucro.ia from the Quay to tho Shore in it forry bout. ?\Vo weren't t ho only passenger.-*, in fact; thorn woro a good many. Tho lopio of tho inoiuuiik wiik thin sumo infernal cricket. An luck porvurfli1, as it fre quently i.-i, would havo It, wo got plunked ulougbido two utraw-hat young moil, ouch of whom hud a copy of Tin: Auitow in bin hiiml. 'WoouriHilvoa werii deeply intdreutud in tlio roli^ioua iinuouucuuiimtB of tho S.M.H., but. oui Uiou(;hl!i woro mooii dia tt'iictod by tlio cviulcot uhiiUor of tho younj; , blooda, who luul bcon tiiloul; until thoy lifjhtod on a par about tho Tost tuiim. 'i'ho younj.;or yiuuii; (jontloman coukln't nml;o out for thn lifu of him how tlioy pick tlioso tuaniH. Ho wouldn't havo Trott, Dni- Iiuir, Oiffciii, M'lvibbin, nnd 'i'ruinblo in his toam. ' -iot mo,' onid ho. His roiiBuna ntinck uu an oxc'cptioniiUy j;ood onoiij in i'net in tho iutniv.iitd of Auiitraliaii oriukob 'J'nn Ahiiow now pruiiunta tlicm with itii cumjiliinuntti to tho goutluiuun \vlio havo tho picking of tho llvo Tout tuaiiin, orthat of tlio four 'i'oiit ' tumuu of tho futiiro, Tiotl; nhould bo rojuntud bcuautio ho in too l'atj Diulinic, bccuuBO ho iti too uoi-vnuiii Qiffon, l)(!(!iLiu.m ho in too imppduiiouH; M'Kibbin, bnenuao ho -a too imicli Hko Ranji; an-l 'L'riimblo, bocauao if it happon to bo black ucnt'hor ho mi|*hO dinlud|(o a cloml an ho ftltipn [Uoii|r with tho bull. Anil Micho 1'oiiHoiiH nro, wo quitu boltuvu, about tho b(.wt that cim bo devincd. Tho ln^lmat individual Kcoro miulu In 1-U» crickot . thin iu-naon in Clom Hill's i!U0 ngiiiimt tho JSiifTlinhmon. II; isi dlBtinctly rofi'ouhinij to know thnt Kmiji had tho folieity of becoming om blobliod at Toowoomba; alno that in tho nocond innhiKB lni did not ojrporiuuco tho joy of doubl(!'fl){Ufiiig. Ho wan vnught off Jliimsfiy fourth ball in tho ilrst lnnin(;«. It in juat an wall that Itanji uliould fail occnsionnlly. It tnnkeu mi recollect that hoitiiil'tor all human. £V-i)1n;rhtun in phib nrlnlrnt ban wioknlnill 1 fcuu'tuon'for :i7U, ami .Noivoll niiiu for lit). 'J'liroo Sfliilor olubi' aro lovol for tho Pro inicrubip I'unniUK— - CHobo, Pnddin^lon nnd Wavoiloy. Qlobo imd Wwvorloy [;n(ned prciit violoi'lonlnofc round; but P-uUliii|,'ton bumjicd agnlnsib it iniag i:i tho youthful \- ' South Bydnoyitoi). ' ? » V Popular opinion ifivon Wplayorn a ohaiico ? in tlio To* I match, ahvaya unrloraUinliiif; (iiflt Gdi-r(t-) 0 iff Dil i« not a ntnrli'l', Till] Akrow accordiiiKly him much plcnenro in presenting tho lmtlinj.j rtwd bowlinpr nvurugun of tbo said 14 in thi3 yoar'o blfj ' crickot. Of course only cloven aisldo matches nro coneidcnHl : BATTING. III. N.0. 11.3. Kims. Avu. O.H1I1 ? 8 0 203 MO B5-33 A C. K. MttOkonzIo ... M 0 80 ISO 09 50 JI. Bouimii ? 8 0 104 IS8 0033 J. J. Ljonn ... ... i I ? 05 171 67 00 F. A. trodulo ? 2 0 00 103 BfilO O. M'LooU ? 4 0 0;l 137 .'11-75 H. K. Gregory ? 1! 0 4i f»8 l'OOO O. -U. 3. Trott ? 4 0 27 Gt 1000 H.Tiumblo ? M 0 LM 2ii Ut-00 J. Uarlluit ? 8 0 n3 III ll-:« 2L A. Noblo ? a 0 15 10 !??«'.) T. B, M'KlbWn ? 2 1 7 0 O-OO J.J. Kolly ? Ml S 7 VOD B..Jonos ? 2 o ia la CJU HOWLING. O. M. It. W. Am. Lyons ? 41 U UJ * 'ii-ir, Joues ? 11B MS liSO lj VCy'iTt Noblo ? M a il'iil 7 SJ'U'J 'ii-amblo ? Ti M 175 5 JI.VIW Trott ? 71 0 2.':s il Iir-W W'lilbbin ? f'1) 0 203 fi ?lO-M M'Lood ? S'J 1» li!5 il tWStf How tbo prophotn foil in ovor thn Iioicb Iiardb mittcii has buon nttributnd to tho ' nucortuiiity of cricliot.' Ouo mifjht ha/.urd tho iiasortion that if it worn not bo tho art i-f prophfRyini; would loso all ilo charm, for thorn would bo neithnr fun nor inorit in i-rodictm«v » certainty to happou. Thk Aiikow much rogrotB having misand tho Loichluuilt battint;, and iucidontnlly tbo clm^riu of tlm Hedfnrn {;outloinon on tint hillsidu; also lh« si^bb of littlo Jim Soario'a fuco whon tho i;nmo wivn nearly rill ovor. Iloivovcr, thotr inicoras only nliowo tho truth of tho old contontion of ours that Diamond ia u duuidoilly t!ood ciicliotor, and that Ted Ncblo, in form, ia ntiilul. 'J'o (;-) in and win a match as thoy won this ono nftor four wickotB bad fiillun fora handful of rnnu denotch tho poasonsion of ability iuuhigb dp|;ri'o ; furthor.it di'iiot(i» a (i^ht'niK intitinct for which Uritishora and Australiiiun nlilto aro not uunotod. Tub Akhow cympnthisoa with Bodforn in tin) unuxpi.'Ctod nnd Ibcioforo painful dufoat'. Thoy, howuvor, aro a (;ood lot of nporlH, and, liko tlio ro.it of hi, aro not tibcvo iifknowlcd-jiii|: morit, and awarding paiso wbon it is fairly and br.avoly won. Thoy c.ui taka n bonbiui' when I hoy lmvo to, nnd ovon if tho fiico bi'coinuu u'.on^atud for n timo, nftor all it iu only for u tiuio. With tho oxooption of Piirfjuhar and O'lioilly, tbo butting of Cuinborlaud at 'Wiiverloy wan about tho wpalcost tho Club Iiiih over ehown. 'J'ho wickot played n tiiflo low at timoH, bur. it wmb fust. and truo. ]\lost of tho bntKiniin K°t Ollt '' Vl'rv )jraco ful fivbliion. They did it ho artistically that you would almost nwuur thoy had dihj;outly rchearaud tho part. J. J. Kelly caught at tbo wiclcctn throo of thuoix South Sydnoy baltmuin tluu d-iy ?week. Ho kupt wickotu vxcullontly. A butllo worth wntcliinj; to-day nhould bu that butwuun Wavorlcy and Paddiugtou ut'lho y.vdnoy Cricki't Ground. Six of tho team which rccdiitly oppamid thu En^liiili ineii aro to fl;;ur-i in tho inalch. Tho sido winning tho toss ou;.;ht t.o mako a lot of ruuii if tlto pitch bo not too mush uoftennd. Ji; win in this match hut iioiihoii that JI. A. Koblo bii|jKcd fourtiron wiukota for 70 runs and inado 03 not out with tho bat. Tho oddii aro that hu will not I'upuat that porl'ornuinct!. Tho (iric.lculoi'B of Kodfiirn \xv.va not; tho only ditmpjjointod onoa on Saturday at 0.15, for I'addinijtoii'.'! failum to rout South Bydnoy wan to tlimn a triflo unswoot. Thny ivero extremely duiibtful nb tho utart a;; to tboir chaners of tlisuiisr.in^ thn Southern balsmon ; but, bless you, with nix out for I'M, about an hour and a half to piny nnd only M'lJiiHi, Connoll and Murtih to winld thu willow aftor thn noxt impiiration, tho chiekouu looked iui ^ood u« hatched. AVhilo tlioso two younjT Imluinnn woro Rtrikini; away for their nido ouo or two I'liddiuijlauiann in tho piivilion woro troubled with tho fulijetu in n mitd form. Thoy had them for over nn hour, n.nd at tho liuinh thoy utill had them. No doubt iioiiio of them havo r-lill «ot them. JIoilirltiiiKOii, lirnvol lioivclnn, ditto. Thoy played |»ood cricket nt a pinoh. It if) a (;roat and jiloatiinu tiling to j;nfc ruiiH at, any timo; it in ji pjientcr and more pleivtiiuj; tbiiifj to cet thorn when thoy aro -leupnrn.te.ly desired, Chivrlcn Gregory's (ill wnn ivnoab innings. Old Chnrlio Ji'iwronco ia in town. Tlici old Albortii wanted him over for tho old Btugeru' match yeuterday. Tho crickotoi'H of Toowonmba, by thoir moat excellent piny aj;aini'b thn I'lucliah mmi, havo iihown tho enckot nubhoritiott of ni'iGbuuo that nil tho tivlonb of Quaoiisiaud tloou not ijlittor in the cnplLnl. It wnmiulto a feat to havo beon nblo to clono tho h'rafc iiinin|(H. It wna lid doubt do no in onlor thnt Toowoomba might; bo ubhi to bosxnti o£ linviu-{ been tho Hint, probably tho only dido to necoinplioh uucli iv thing ngaiinit iHich a team. Tho 107 lit Toowoombu io quito tho fiiniUlewb tliiuj; in tho l'lm-golting lino yeb dono by tlio Knjfli.'ilimon, uuo or hvo 6i v.'liom for tbo i\vA 11 mo failod to got; rioublo ll;.:uien. Tho EujvHahmun havo not yot disruiaiied a uido for fewer than 100 runo. Tho way in which tho odda towns have eicorod is further ovidenco of tbo fact that, apart from Hichftrdaon, tho old country trundlorn appear to bo ftn uudoadly lob on good wickots. At Nowcftotlo tho local team scored 189 and 211 for ninowiclcoto; ; atGlon InnoKtho Rconm wore 120 and 149 ; at Brir.bn.no 31G for eight ^^ricko{i^; nt Toowoomba 21-3 for thirtoon wiokota. It fioomo to bo not generally known that in tho oddu mntuhou only 13 men aro allowed to field. The Aebow rognrde thia as nn abaurd thing. Druco ia tho only Englishman who up to nnd including tho Toowoomba match hint not failed to got doublo flguroa, his run of notchos boiuR 13, 20, and 10 in eleven anido nmtchoo, and 31, CS, 120, 13, nnd 3i in odds jjanic3. Somo of tho Syduey jwiporo pivo tho initials to tho Eugliuh uinntouro nnd tho plain Hay ward nnd Hirat to tho profos aionala. And Sydnoy is in Australia, too I John Bright! hna had five trios with tho brtt, tbo rosult boing 17 runs. Timo wnu when Johnuio wasn't quito so fut^aiiU run less. Ij. T. Cobcrofb (jot 72 a couplo of «oe!:o ago in iv SouiorCup match ntOhriutchurch. To tho crieketora of Burwood, collec tively and individually, to Donimn nnd l''orris, tho Barbours and i'reiston, and to tho othora '1'he Altuow cxtunda ttu con gratuliitionfl, for it is not every day that n Kido baa tho good luck to vanquish Euat Sydnoy by an inuiiigii. Indetiil, wo honorftly bullevo Iho deed had never buforo boon acoompliahed. Burwood ban go no through tho disawtroiui poriod of prohution, and iH now comniPDCing to tiGpiro to KOtuofcliing tiini;iblu in tho r-hapo of roivard for pluclc and prowosn. If inayhup Burwood could only win tho Proaiiorship, it would be tho moat popular victory of all. Proiiton'n ton for 50 in opposition tolOiint Sydney roathi good enough for anything. « ? ? Donno, junior, shaped excuedingly well with tho but for Burwood. In tho absunco of Ircdnlo and Austin tho easy victory by Wnverloy agninst Oumbor hind ia oxcoptionally meritorioiH. Bowiora IVmell nnd Callnghan wero tho main m strumonts iu it, I'omoH'a iivo for S:i and Ciillaglutn'u but three for 23 bpinjj drat inningB analyaor; jt much vuluo. Pimioll wheulod thorn uu well againot tho wind; whon ho drojjped u ehoi't ouo i'ar qubiir dropped on to it. Callaghnn expressed thorn iu with tho breesw, but was not too trno iu direction. Tho Kiama cricketers woro outplayed by the Imps on Wednesday. Tho dark angola (litunissud tho Southern visitori) for 71, tho eIowh of Arthur J. Himigan accounting for eight of thorn at n coat of !!1 mini. Tho Jmp.-j totted up 378 for tho Iocs of niuo wickutn, Hanigau getting 117 not out, bearlo GO, Kent 31 and S.uu Bnwden (tho whiily bowler) 21 not out. The old Corio truudlor, J. Sullivnti, gob 10 not out and Watson lit) for ICinmn. Tho ghost walked in tho Arcado on Wednesday Night. Tho .Socond-GradoiH aro fighting out their hiitthiB quietly and oaruoutly. Ual maiu, North Sydney II., Uuiwood II., Eust Sydney II., and U'udfnru II. appear to bo the hardest nuts to crack. Bnlmain havo had a big run of ouccosnon on thoir ovn ground. Thn team ia now thoroughly orgnuiued, suid will tako no ond of banting. A word of praiso to R»dforn Second for tho nbility diiipluyod to buttlo uphill. A word of nyiupnthy, too, for having very narrowly gone under in two matches. Tho exact antithesis : liandwiolc font halluifi nnd Kandwick cricketeni. In ono i(mpi-ct, howovor, they do loscmblo ouch other — they aro famouu leather- hunteru. Thero nro a few vory big battini; nvonitren in local cricket, tho following esceoding tlio uoutury per inniiign : In. N.O. K.S. II. Av(r. K, O, Niiblo ? .'1 1! IU'* Ml IKIi'O M. JlcclirniTO ? a 3 P» 1K7 lli/-(lll M. A.Nobla ? I! 1 13:l» '^11 lio-M) V TriiiniMir ? a 0 125 ii'JO HOW) 1), W. Funiulinv ... * 1 US ^H IVl-Oi The following trundlorn havo captured (on or more wiolcotn iu tho Premioiuhip : I'l-er.ton 10, Ooninglmin 14, Modg.'inn and Pctuoll IU each .Wilson nnd It. Barbour 11 ouch, and M. A. Noblo 10. Tho Cornntnlkn rvnd ox-Conuitalkn, with a utalk or two of Quoenslnild and Victoria, thrown in, got i\ loather-hunting and gavo a lefithor-hunlirig to tho Englishmen nt .Tlriub'niin. Tho roturnod warriorn tell that thi» wickob woro a look '.(imply henrbrond iug to n bowler. No wonder thab only oighteon wickets foil for cIoeo upon 1000 runti. Tho batting of tho (Joloniuln iu tho nntiuiiitlon of tho Coujueu, nlthongh nofc do aggreaiiivo no that of tho Englinhmon, wan uovorthel«8B ol1 n vory high clans. It romarkn that 'Grogory'a inningB wua n Bplondid ono j it would bo iutponniblo for anyone to piny with nioro oiuto. Ilo pocr.crcra a lurgo number c.f nlrolicB— -in fi\olf., ho ia givon tho credit of having more iitroltOD than nny batimian in A1ih« ino.'ib uonclinlftiitly easy. Tho littlo tralia — ami ]io pJnyn thorn in u niaiinor man , iioomod oil, thu right roiul for n, century whon I19 waa dininiuaod in n nmniior 00 unoiitlufnotory to rv bnlonuvn. Thomonli taliiisg iiniing!) noxt Iq Gregory n wan that or tho othor young Now South Welshman, J?yo. This young player Wi piled up n big i\,^f{rc-;rivto thiii B0au6n, rind much coiitrovorny was rnieod in tho Southorn cnpitnl by his nou-incluaion against Stoddart'it town rocently. Ho ia an aggresaivo biitsmau, and goes at tho bowling with dotonniuation. Sydnoy Gregory and Sam Jonoa woro each presented with a but ia Brisbano for thoir ivblo batting. Bowlero M'Kibbin nnd Long woro aleo given n bat each. East Sydnoy, tho heroes of nome groat ganion in other spanotie, havo managed to go down threo timea in Bucc.ossion. By tho time thoy liavo to moot the Globe it ia far from improbnblo thab tbo KnstB will bo in oxcollont fottlo. And if bo it may go hard with tho Proiniora, who havo always found thorn uncrnckablo nuts. Furquhar hna made 311 runs for throo ? timoB out. v Tho Univorm'ty Oval in undorgoing im provmnont for tho match to bo played thoro against tbo Eugliahmmi u, fortnight honco. Tho public nchool boya on Wodno3ilny vnnquinhed nn adult team ab IJiishcuttora Bay Oval Tho main items of tho boyn' giumi woro Iho log-break bowling of Gam nay, of tho Grammar School ; (ho hnrd hit ting of IJody, of tho ICinn'n School ; tho vrieUot- Uoopintj of jpoory, of St. Ignatiuti , the fino fielding of Futtor, of King's; and the gritty butting and (fonoritl phiy of Sharpo and lloldsiworth ; alno tho gononil lihip of G. P. Biirbour, of tho Bydney Gramtunr School. (/. M'Giihoy, tho Eb«ox batcmnu who inado 11 nnd 20, did not quito get Iho hang of GariiBny'o log breakfs, to which ho foil a victim iu each innings. J. G. Wilson and P. C. Chnrlbnn bov/led very BuccesBfully for tho Smiiora. Tho latter, who m in rather good form, variod tho pnco w«U, nnd eoiit down boiiio of tbo old faufc yorkors. Georgo Youll's 120 was n ding-dong dis play of daobiug batting, ilaviuij him in hia old form moans a great doal to tho Globe. Tho wiry ouo has rattled up 111010 centuries in local matches than anyone olso oxeopb P. A. Irodulo ao a Cumhorlivudor. Tho Molbourno Acaus mlvocato;i tho Kolection of Domifl.11 iu preference to Lyons iu tl:o Teat match. ? ? a Now Zealand how lor lumber Bcored 101 not out for Melbourne* Clu') against ijaudringhain last Saturday. By tlio way, the Miiorihiud trundlor'ia nob now mou tinned amongst ovon tho possibles for tho first Todt match. Tlio prouiotora of the Enjtliuh team invited him to Australia. But they aro not Golixtiuc tbo Australian team. Harry Trott has gob n, livor. Good hard work at tho Syduey nuts should diuiiniah it. Tho old repreEOutr.tivo cricketer J. W. ?; Trumblo, writen a very Eonniblo letter to ,:.- n Mcibciurno p:iper, in wV.ich ho givoa ' boaiia to the 'crowd' who hurrack tho pinyora for inakiiijf a niistukn iu thu iield. Among otbor t'ningK ho rumurka thab uionb people loot; upon an exhibition ol jeering iind.abuso hurled nt n playor blundering iu tbo fiyld nu'ioly nfi being in cllucti 1111 unfair and iitimaul.v punishment mnted out to such player for his rniatii.ko, iukI quite ovor Jook thn fact that this very abuse, which upaetii tbo eqiiilibrium of oven tho cnolont ot jilayoiH, is .mainly responsible for tho nubouquent uiitvUikea uiadii by uuch player during hifl i-ti\y in the lield. How invariably it hnppena that catches rain on it player to u]it-i'tr.niily to bo inismiil, aa aui'oly nn they would r.tidiu' other eniidi tioim bo tivken. A player eo iiauate.J may givo thrno or four I'Xtra. wicket h to tho other side, nnd it is thus aann what a dau« gor iMich 11 player he.comea to liin own side. If thin port of thing would work both wnyii in iia effect, it would not bu ?» Imd, but ib does uot, for it Ib tlm hmim sido only thnt Buft'er. Blunders nuulo in tlm Hold by 1 players on tho viiiiling Mile, being to tho ndviviitago of tho houiu .iiaUuion, gratify tho crowd, cmmeqiumtiy tho viiiitom UHeapu abuse. Whiit. Impponed in Giirrott'n ciiHO may hiiiippu again in one of thi« Test nuilcbea, unlesii prevontivn uifiiiiiina aro adoubed, and it will be a iiori'y mutter if wo nro to look Intel: on odd of lhe«o impor tant, matched uj lout mainly by the mii: takes of a ilelduumu upuet by thu jourii.gol: the crowd. Wo commend these romarka to llioso liighly-teinpord goiitlnmoii who think it n lino thing to jeer a player. Curroa]Kiiid«ni; (Ammndnlo) : 'J'ry J. Smirlo, Imporial Arcade, Tho r.nm naked by Goor^o Giffon to play in tho Tost matches; wiik .£150. not no much coiiBkleritjg tluit ho would lmvo (o get lenvo of abaenco for four moutha wilihout pay. Tho (Jriuliub Amioehibionn will lmvo to tako over tho control of lOiigliuh tonuia ouo of those ilno day n. ? ? 0 1 Six blob.* lmvo b'.-nn rnrtdo by the EiigliKbintin — two by Iliclinrdson, itud ono ouch by ILticlnron, Itiinji, Stoddnrt, nnd Biigjfa. Somo of tbo ocornn mudo againat tho Eugliuhmen t 40D, 1110 for B wiokotw, 311, and i)00. Somo mndo for th'oiu : GliO, 'i2», 8BG for 8 wickeln (all ngainsit odda), -175, 335, and !!05 for fl wickets. « « ? 11 Next Woduoinliiy'n inniio of tho Rkficukh ' 1 will hit i-r biiuiiul luloi'Ohi. Ui tjvury oi-ioiioUir nnd ronilornf oriokot unwn thvoiHjhout Anntra- i Jin. Tho pnjinr will bo onlnrfted to 10 pngon, nnd will contain 11 fund of Eimornl oriukot ' nown, infoiiniitjon, iinecdoto inn! reiuiiiteaonuu ' (llluutrat'.ull, of apooiitl ynluu r.t thia pur- ? tioiilnr limn. Tho iteraiKii of Doitmnbor 8 1viH bo a ' Tout Match ' uumbor worth luiviutf tokoop. ? ? .FloWiijt 'jfnclilo.— SpoolM e.ttht) of Unrlloll* oololnMtcit iioWtlHiiut lnudail, Iioii/fcnt pviciiu nt JUIclt Plwinous', jJl^wnvUct, and llrnno'ic!),11 I 