IlTERATURE LITERARY GOSSIP. Although Marie Corelli's new novel, ZisJca, h&B; not yet been published, the first edition o£ 35,000 copies has been exhausted, and the sacond edition is in the press. Dr. Nansen'e forthcoming work, which i8 entailing a good deal of overtime to the printers engaged in itB production, will consist of two volumes. As the Arctic explorer dictates to his two assistants in Norwegian, the corrections on the proof sheets after the work of translation is accomplished are necessarily more than ordi narily heavy. It is expected, however, that the English edition will be ready about the time Dr. Nansen begins the series of lectures he has engaged to deliver in England. The Sin of Angels is one of the moat recent additions to Methuen'a Colonial Library (re ceived through Messrs. Geo. Robertson and Oj.). The identity of the author is modestly con cealed. The story is Australian in its setting, the scene being laid in New South Wales, and an endeavor is made to depict the conditions of Sydney fashionable Bociety. Social ambition is the form in which the angels' ein is presented, but neither the crime nor its consequence is of a very terrible kind. Sally Derrigan is introduced in the prologue as a Blip of a bush girl, with little education and no manners, but 20 years after she appears as the central figure in the highest and most exclusive circles of Sydney fashionable life. She has married a wealthy Jewish merchant, and is noted for her refined beauty and stylish grace. Her chief aim is to raise herself in the sooial scale, and to secure the coveted admission to the Marlborough House Bet on her visit to England she does not dis dain to encourage the advances of a youthful scion of aristocracy, whom she hopes to make useful to her purpose. He expects more tban she is willing to give, and commits suicide in despair, while the lady, disappointed in her original expectation, is left to console her self with the attentions of an Austrian prince. There is very little of dra- matio action in the book, and the dialogue is not remarkably clever, but the study of character is not without interest. The air of superiority assumed by English tourists is satirised, perhaps unconsciously, for it would seem as if the author entertained the view that this assumption is not without justification, and readers are evidently expected to believe that the beautiful Helen Wavertree is altogether be yond colonial aspirations. The Sydney labor member, under the conditions described, is re presented as unnecessarily boorish in manner. The January number of the Cornhill Magazine contains several articles of a readable character. In the series of famous trials, an account is given of the Road murder, the mystery of which aroused protracted and excited attention in England 36 years ago. Those who were living in the old country at the timecan recall the feverish interest with which the public followed the proceedings of investigation, and the manner in which suspicion waB directed to one after another of tho members of the household. The girl ConBtanco Kent, who subsequently confessed to the murder of her stepbrother, was arrested at an early stage, but was discharged owing to the insufficiency of evidence, and Detective WMcher was over whelmed with abuse for officious bungling. Five years afterwards hisacuteness was justified by the girl's confession. The author of the article suggests that Whicher is the original of Sergeant Cuffe in Wilkie Collins's Moonstone, written in the year 1867. Mr. Clive Phillipps- Wolley writes on the great game of Canada, and Mr. Birrell's witty lecture on the House of Commons is reproduced. The Cornhill no longer devotes its Bole attention to fiction. The Review of Reviews for February, besides its usual history of the month, both within and beyond the colonics, includes several special articles. The Rev. W. H. Fitchett, whose martial ardor is receiving wide development, gives a stirring description of Blenheim, the famoUB battle in which Marlborough's genius overthrew the far reaching designs of the French king. A sporting contribution by the Rev. Rutherford waddell is devoted to deer stalking in New Zealand. Mr. Stead writes many pages in explanation of the change of view in which he now regards the monarchy. He also aspires to further elucidate the mystery attending the con ception of the Jameson raid. Tho digest of tho reviews covers a wide range of interesting sub jects. > The Princess Desiree, by Clementina Black, added to Longman's Colonial Library, is a story after the Prisoner of Zenda stylo, wherein the romance of hiBtory is presented in a fantastic guise. The action is rapid, and interest is keenly maintained, but we have to bo careless about probabilities and accept the situation without too critical a survey. The hero iB Ludovic de Saintrd, a youthful representative of a French ducal house, who visits the Grand Duchy of Felscuheim at a critical period. The old Grand Duke is dying, and the Prince Regent is determined to secure the succession for himBelf, despite the legitimate claims of the Princess Desirec. How this plot is overborne by the doughty aid rendered by the French gallant is told with spirit, and he eventually receives his reward in gaining the hand of the Royal Princess. Notwithstanding Mr. Desmond Byrne'b regret in Australian Writers that, while the people of the colonies read a great deal, "they make no special effort to encourage the growth of a literature of their own," it iB a very noticeable fact that London pub lishers who issue "colonial series" are paying more attention to works by Australian authors. One of the recentissues of Hutchinson's Colonial Library, In Oolden Shackles , by the well-known New Zealand writer who MdeB her identity under the nom da plume of "Alien," is an illustration of the growing taBte for pictures of colonial life. As in a previous work from the same pen, the characters in the new book are very few, but they are drawn with an individuality and power, and are so striking in contrast that tboj at once fix attention. "Alien" has a fine ap preciation of external nature. Few writers have so vividly described the sombre grandeur of New Zealand scenery, and her descriptions of mining life in tho South Island are dis tinguished by a force and picturesaucness that are reminiscent of Califorcian work in tho same attractive field. The novel suffers per haps from a paucity of incident, and the melan choly tone that pervadeB the story might have been relieved by lighter touches chosen from the unusual surroundings amid which the characters are placed. But apart from these slight defects, the book has a high artisiio merit as a piece of word painting, for its deep insight into human nature, and for a singular felicity of phrase. An addition to the Colonial Library of Messrs. Blackwood and Sons is The Lost Stradi - variuSf by J. Meade Falkner. The story is one of those weird psychological studies in which the reader iB transported into the borderland of the uncanny, and it is told in such a plain matter of fact style that there is no doubt a basis of fact for the actual occurrences which the writer details. The book is narrative all through, with hardly a page of dia logue, and describes the evil spell or influence cast upon the life of a young Oxonian by the piece of music which was the favorite air of an abandoned rou£ of a previous generation. The accidental discovery of & genuine Stradivarius, which tho evil spirit whom the tune recalls played when in the flesh, completes the moral and physical degradation of his victim, and if there are phenomena in nature that cannot be ex plained by any of the canons of exact reasoning, Mr. Folkner's story is a powerful contribution to the literature on the subject. It is a deeply fascinating tale, remarkably well told, and the universal demand for literature of a weird and mystical character should give the book con siderable popularity. Dean Farrar's Reminiscences, in the Temple Magazine for February, have reference to Browning, whom he first met at a dinner at the late Mr. Macmillan'B. Browning, the Dean tells us, was very fond of society and of dining out, bo much so that Lord Tennyson, who was much more of a recluse, used laughingly to say to him that he would die in an evening dress suit. "But tho reason of Browning's fondness for society was that he used to read in the minds of men as in a book. Human beings of every type were to him like manuscripts of infinite variety, and worth the most careful Btudy. He could never be dull in human company." The Dean once asked Browning about The Steed which Brought Good News from Ghent, and whether the incident had any historic basis. " No," was the poet's reply ; " the whole poem was purely imaginary. I had had a long voyage in a sailing vessel (I think it waB from Messina to Naples), and being rather tired of the monotony, thought of a good horBe of mine, and how much I should enjoy a quick ride. As I could not ride in roality, I thought that I would enjoy a ride in imagination " ; and he then and there wrote that tnoBt popular of his lyrics. Here is an example of parody by Mr. Owen Seaman. The Kiplingesque is excellent, very sensible nonsenBe with a delightful lilt ana vigor of rhythm : — So they each luffed sail, and they each turned tail, ana they whipped their wheels like mad. When the one he nafd, " By the Lord, it's Ned I" and the other, " It's BUI, by gad ! " Then about and about and nozzle to snout they rammed through breach and brace. And the splinters flew as they mostly do when a Government test takes place. Who shall say that poetry is a drug in the market ? Mr. Stead baa with the arrival of the new year been taking stock of some of his enter prises, and finds that up to date he has printed no fewer than 5,000,000 copies of his Penny Poets . There is, therefore, good ground for his claim that ho circulated more poetry of the first claBH in the 12 months during which -'the Penny Poets were running than had ever been circulated by any publisher in the English language. The famous Oxford India paper has re volutionised the Bible and prayer book trade, and it is now used for all the more popular devotional books all over the world. The secret of its manufacture is known to only three liv ing people. This is how it came to be dis covered. In the year 1841 an Oxford graduate is said to have brought home from the far East a small fold of extremely thin paper, which was manifestly more opaque and tough for its BubBtance than any paper then manufactured in Europe. He presented it to the University Press, and it was found to be just sufficient for 24 copies of the smallest Bible then in existence — diamond 24 mo. — which were duly printed. The books were barely a third of the usual thickness, and although as much as £20 apiece was offered for them no copies were sold, but they were pre sented to the Queen and various persons. The incident was in the course of time forgotten, but, in 1874, experiments were again begun, and the following year a Bible was placed on the market similar to the 1842 edition. In a short time 250,000 copies had been sold. Those who visited the Great Exhibition at PariB in 1889, when the Press obt&iiied; the Grand Prize and two gold medals, may remember the Btall at which the capabilities of. the India paper were put to the test. It waB shown that a slip only three inches wide could support a £ of cwt. without yielding. A Times correspondent draws attention to an unrecorded incident in the life of Du Maurier which showed his kindly nature, and which made a hero of him in his childish mind : — " On a oold morning in January about 18 years ago, when the pond on Hampstead Heath was covered with thin ice, a poor, stray mongrel puppy was taking a short cut across it ; just as he reached the middle the ice gave way, and the poor little animal began to drown rapidly. From among the numerous spectators who were witnessing the dog's death struggles a gentle man deliberately waded out to its rescue and carried it to the bank, while a cheer rose from the onlookers. I was afterwards told that he was 'the gentleman who drew pictures for Punch,' Mr. Du Maurier." If you sit up late to finish a book, and if during the night you dream weird and creepy dreams of venomous blue snakes pursuing you up blazing telegraph posts from which you tumble down through miles and mileB of space into a green, slimy moat haunted by hideous, scaly reptiles, it iB a reasonable presumption that vour book was a sensational one. Mr. Powell's short stories, which have been collected from Macmillan's Magazine, Temple Bar , and elsewhere in a volume under the title Studies in Sensation , may be relied upon to produce the effects referred to. They are told with a graphic realism whioh may sometimes be bloodcurdling, but which is never revolting. The tale of how Stofflcs the Cat killed the Blue Dryad Snake in fair fight is an excellent piece of writing, worthy of being bracketed in honors with Rudyard Kipling's Mongoose and Cobra story. The escape from the fire at St. Michael's Mansions is thrilling to tho point of intensity, and the Rereaby Mote Ghost, is a gruesome but fasci nating horror. ThoBe who like to foel their flesh creep will enjoy the book all the more for the excellence of the literary workmanship. Of course the sale of the books of many of the popular writers of the day — Hardy, Meredith, Wevman, Barrie, Crockett, Anthony Hope and others — is far greater than that of the second class of the older novelists, but the "modern novel," so called, seems, as a rule, to have but a brief existence. Mr. Charles Linnell, of the Birmingham firm of Cornish Brothers, notes that the English people have still the old love for " the Btory pure and simple." "Those novelists," he adds, "who delight to dwell upon disagreeable subjects, upon social and other evils, should take warning, for the sale of those novels which are produced for no other purpose than to take their readers into 1 the slums of realism ' is on the wane." A Spectator critic, writing on some of the old novels, observes that Jane AuBten'B hand can actually recreate for us the life of the voungest years of the century. We read her books with no sense of shock in the difference of 1 manners. We never say to ourselves, "How odd the world8muet have been when people spoke and acted like this." Wo accept both language and action as inevitable and natural; the first few pages bring her world into focus for us, and we enjoy the rest 1 of the book with no feeling of strain. Mi08 Austen saw life through a thin veil of kindly sarcasm, and such as she saw it so she givos it to us. There is hardly a word of her writing which is not touched with, as it wore, a ripple of irony, but of irony so cheerful and delicate that we are in love with tho very folly of tho world. The brutal and passionate sarcasm of Swift revolts us and makes us angry with ourselves for being men and women. The cynicism of Thackeray saddens us, and for a moment we despair of bumr.n nature. At MisB Austen's irony we smile indulgently. " Lord ! what fools thceo mortals be,1'— -but such kindly pleasant fools ; fools that we should like to know, fools that it wero no disgrace to be. We fear, however, that her work does not appeal to all alike. A recent criticism of the latest addition to tho "Peacock" reprints, Emma , talks of the " lifelessness of the characters of the book. Mrs. .Bates. lifeless ! Who could possibly apply the adjective to her who has shrunk under the intolerable torrent of her words? She shareB with Mrs. Nickleby the faculty of making tho reader long to throw down tho book and stop his ears to escape from the clatter. How much, too, do we sympathise with Emma's weariness at the sight of one of Jane Fairfax's interminable letters. Again, is it possible that any ono can consider Mrs. Elton lifeless ? Mrs. Elton, on the contrary, liveB, and will live for ever. The present writer met her, some years ago, in tho person of the newly married curate's wife in a quiet country village. She hailed from the modern counterpart of Bath— a smart seaside town, of the grandeur of which she spoke with ineffable complacency. She appeared in a magnificent white satin gown the first time she and her husband were asked to dine, quite alone, with their astonished rector, because, as she remarked, almoBt in the words of her illustrious prototype, "I must put on a few ornaments now, because it is expected of me." Finally, she too had a well- married sister, the roll call of whose equipages included a conveyance which closely resembles the celebrated " barouche landau." With Emma herself we confess to having little patience. She was so inconceivably snobbish and self im portant. Witness her speech to Mr. Knightley when he drives instead of walking out to dinner. " This is coming, as you should do, like a gentleman." Mr. Knightley very properly snubs her, an exercise ne is extremely fond of, for "Knightley," as the sprightly Mrs. Elton loves to call him, iB an incontestable prig. Indeed, Miss Austen seldom avoids that pitfall for the virtuouB hero, and a list of her heroes will furnish several varieties of the species— as Mr. Knightley and Colonel Brandon, both dry prigs ; Mr. Darcy, the prig pompous ; Edmund Bertram and Henry Tilney, amiable prigs. 