A WONDERFUL WUOIMAN; OR, TH D;ANGERFIELD MYSTERY y 31MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XXI.-SIR ARTHLT TREGENNA. For one moment he thought the dead tad risen: for one momin ent he stood speechless and spellbound; for one trief. horrible moment he thought he ;aiw Katherine Dangerfield looking at htim across her own grave ! She made nn z::map: io speak, but stood with her icy gaze fixed upon him-her face charn:les, marble in its expression. He tas ir-t to break the silence. -ariss Herneastle!" he gasped. "You!" Ithr eyes left him. ani - he moved. While they were riveted upon him he and :,'ed as one under a spelL -t. Sir Peter!" The low, soft, sweet tones lingered like music on the ear. "'Ant1 I fear I have-startled you again; but I never dreamed of seeing you t.re. .Nor I, you. WVhat brings you. a stranger, to this place of all places, Miss Herncastle. so soon after your arrival?" He asked the question angrily and sus piciously. Surely there was something oninous and sinister in this woman, who locked enough like tlH dead girl to have been her twin sister, and who visited her grave so speedily after her arrival. 3Miss Herneastle drew her mantle aeon: her tall. slim figure, and turned "I came out for a walk, Sir Peter. I have been in the schoolroom all day, and. I am not used to such close confinement. I asked my lady's permission to take a walkt. and she gave it. "I am a rapid walker, and I soon found myself here, the town behind. It looked so peaceful, so ca!m. so inviting, that I entered. This lonely grave attracted -me, and I was reading the inscription as-you came up. If I had known it could have mattered in any way-that I would have disturbed anyone by coming--I should.not have come. She bent her head respectfully, and n:oved away. Dressed all in black, moving with a peculiarly swift, noise iesz. gliding step, she looked not-unlike :1 pihanthom herself fitting among the gaves. And in what an emotionless, level monotone she had spoken, as a rhi!d repeats a lesson learned by rote! He stood and looked after her, darkly, distrustfully. It seemed plausible enough; but that hidden instinct that comes to us to warn us of danger told him something was wrong. "Who is she?" he repeated-"who is she? Enough like Katherine to be her twin sister: TWho is she?" He stopped suddenly. " Enough like Katherine to be her twin sister? Who was there to say Katherine never had a sister? He knew nothing of her or her family, save what Mrs Vavasor chose to telL IEatherine might have had a dozen sis ters for what he or she ever knew." .A gleam came into his eyes: he set his teeth with some of his old bull-dog re salution. "Katherine Is dead and buried -nothing can alter that, and this young woman, and this Herncastle, is more like her than it is possible for any but sisters to be. I'll find out who Miss Herncastle is, and all about her, and what's she here for, before I'm a month older:" .'Queenie," Lady Dangerfield said. "I fnd we shall not be moped to death down here, after all; we shall have two gentlemen more than we counted on Sir Andrew Tregenna and Major Frank land-for our lawn party this after noon. I wonder what sort of a croqu'et Splayer Sir Arthur is, by-the- bye." "Ginevra, I wish you hadn't asked :Major Frankland down here. I detest that man! Sir Peter is jealous. The odious familiar way he addresses you, too. and his horrid, coarse, common place compliments! Bah! Why doesn't ie try to be original. ot east.?" "Queenie, I wonder why you dislike k;m so much?" "I dislike nill mere clubroom loungers, all well-dressed tailors' blocks, without one idea in their heads, or one honest, manly feeling in their hearts. Major Frankland knows Sir Peter hates him. If he were a right-feeling man, would Ire come at all, knowing it?" "Certainly he would, when I in rite him. If Sir Peter doesn't like the friends I ask, then I would re commend Sir Peter to keep out of their sight. By the way, what was that long discourse you and he had last even ing about? Natural philosophy?" "No; ghosts," answered Lady Cecil "He believes in ghosts. He isn't positive yet that t1Miss Herncastle is not the dis embodied spirit of that poor girl that died here: and he says there is a place three miles off-Bracken Hollow, I be lieve--haunted to a certainty." "My opinion is," said Sir Peter's wife, "that Sir Peter is in a very bad way, and that we shall be taking out a decree of lunacy against him one of these days. Sir Peter may not absolutely be mad, but in 1the elegantly allegorical language of the day. his head's not right." "'What is that about Sir Peter?" In u.ired the earl. sauntering up. "Mad, is he. Gine\\-r? 'Pon my life I always Elought so,since he committed his crown ing folly of marrying you. Pra;y, what has he done lately?" - "'Nothing more than the Right Honor nble the Earl of Ruysland has done be fore him-talked of seeing ghosts. He takes lMiss Herncastle, the governess, for a ghost: so did you. Now, uncle Raoul, those ghost did you take her for?" "Oh. yes. I remember." said the earl, ,lacidly; "but she did not disturb me very greatly. She has a vague sort-df resem tlance to a lady dead and gone. Oh! by ;he war. I am going into Castleford Is there anything I can do for either of you ladies?" 'If you are going into Castleford, my lrd." said Ginevra, "I have ts'o or three cOmmissions I w-ish you would execute. Queenie, where are you going? It will nat dletain me an instant" "I am going to the nursery. Lessons ren over by this time, and Pearl says no One can makec dolls' dresses with the skill She left the room. Lady Dangerfiel' Iked after her, then at her uncle, with a malicious smile. "If you reallh want Cecil to marry ,lr Arthur Tre-enna, all your finesse, all 3our diplomac. will be required. Ifore le thirty .thousand a year trembling in the balance She is inclined to rebel talks aboLut being sold, and the rest of "She shall marry Sir Arthur," the earl r-sponded, serenely: "It is written--it is s.stiny. And now write out your list Cicklr my dear. I shall be late as it iLady Cecil reached the schoolroom. L""sons were ere long ended, and Miss aerncastle put by her books, - walked ECross the room. and stood looking' wear iy out of rthe windown- at the mellow after oeson radiance. The twins tleaded piteously for the name of "taS," and aunt Cecil consented. The dolls were flung down in'an igno ainious heap, and Lady Cell follousaed OUt of doors in chase of the children with c zst thet for the momeint equalled their o,'. And thus it was, flushed, breath 105, dishevelled, laughing, romnping like C girl of twelve. Sir Arthur Tregenna O"t her first All aglow,, all breathless, .e came faull upon Sir Arthur. B e nas laughillng from sympathy with" that merry peal. If she had strifen.fora t'ousand years to.bewitch him she eo'uld 'v-er have succeeded half so iwell as in 15s moment, when she was not tlhinking of him at all. She stoppOd saort-still ahuthing, blushing, and aghast Lady Cecil Clive. I believe?'.:: 1e took off his hat, and stood:bare U-aded before her-tall, noble rguavey l-ing-, as Lady Cecll gave him.. der "'ir Arthur Ti egenna I amn sure Did Tyou not meet-Pansy, be quiet- di you tt meet papa? He left here to go to the "I did 'not imeet him. Probably I pass ed him, for I left the:station imraedi ately." - - ."Then permit me'to welcome you in is stead. Ah, here is papa now and Major Frankland." "M·- dear boy-my dear Arthur!" The earl sprang. out of the carriage, and shook the young baronet's hand with ef fusion. "Such a contretemps--just a mo ment too late. I saw you drive off, and I returned with Frankland. Major Frank land,of the -tli Lancers-Sir Arthur Tre genna!" "Aw, my dear Lady Cecil, charmed to see you again, and looking so well," said the major: "but then we all know, to our cost. La Reine Blanche invariably looks her best on every occasion. And here comes our charming hostess. Aw, Lady Dangerfield, so happy to meet you once more. London has been a perfect desert without you." And then the mistress of Searswood was greeting and welcoming her guests. and the first detachment of : the lawn party began to arrive, and in the .bustle Lady Cecil made her escape. "The sultan has come, and his slave must wait until it pleases him to throw the handkerchief," she murmured, bitter ly. "He comes here to inspect me'as he might a horse or a house he wanted to buy: and if I suit him I am to be bought. If I do not-- Oh, papa! papa! how could you subject me to so shameful an ordeal?" * A short while after this, there was a knock at Lady Cecil's door, and Lady Dangerfield appeared. SMy lady was all summery muslin, Valenciennes lace, and yellow roses, her black eyes alight her cheeks glowing with pleasure and liquid rouge. "Cotfe, Queenie, you are to be on the opposite side; first red, and all that. Every one has come, and Sir Arthur and the major are on the croquet ground. Really, Cecil, Sir Arthur isn't bad-looking -that is to' say, if he were not beside Major Frankland. Comparisons are odious, and beside hlm-" "Of course, beside him, ithe Angel Ga briel. if he were to descend, would appear to disadvantage. Ginevra, Sir Arthur looks as it he had common-sense, at least-more than I can say for your pet military poodle. - Poor little Bijou! If he only knew- what a dangerous rival has come to oust him!" I The two ladies descended together to the croquet ground-an admirable foil blonde and brunette . The major and Lady Dangerfield play ed a vigorous game, sending their adver saries' ball to the farthest ". limits of space, and never missing a hoop. Lady Cecil Cllve played-abominably; her side was beaten ingloriously in every game. All the time Sir Arthur's eyes were up on the fair Cecil, and Sir Arthur was speculating as to whether or no she was fitted to be his wife. What a fair. sweet. proud face it was, how much soul in the softly lustrous eyes, how much gentle ness. goodness, about the perfect lips. Could any one who looked like that-who .loved little children and played with them, a very child herself, be the cold blooded coquette,the vain flirt who tram pled on hearts wholesale, for her selfish gratifleation? No. no, a hundred times no! Such a face must mirror a pure and spotless soul, eyes like these took their kizidness and their sweetness from a -gentle and .womanly heart. "Hit loveliness makens men her cap tives. How can she be'blamed for that?" he thought. Sir Arthur was predisposed to be pleased. He wanted to fulfil a father's dying wish and marry his old friend's .daughter. The days went rapidly by at Scars wood, and a week had passed since the afternoon of Sir Arthur Tregenna's and Major Frankland's arrival, and a very animated week it had been. Lady Dan gerfield never grew weary in well-doing; her fertile brain originated pleasure party after pleasure party with an assiduity worthy a better cause. There had been boating parties, croquet, and drives and gallops to every interesting spot for miles around. There had been Fortnum and MIason's hampers, chickens and cham pagne, pates de foie gras. and clardt cup. on land and sea. And now a genuine old fashioned pic-nic to the seashore was un der way. ) A week had passed since Sir Arthur's arrival-s6i long summer days and nights under the same roof with Lady Cecil, the greatest flirt of the season. What did he think of her by this time? ýNo one could have told, not the young lady. certainly, to whom his manner was calm, friendly, and genial, but as far removed from her experience of love making as it was possible to imagine. So far as Lady Cecil could see, all her beauty, and brightness, and fascinations were so many arrows that glanced off his polished chain-mail armor. - She was singularly free from vanity; in a calm way she was conscious of her own great beauty, as she was of her proud old name. but the smallness of personal con ceit she had never felt. Sir Arthur could tell her of Australia, and its wonderful hidden .wealth: of bright, busy, transatlantic cities-of Call fornia, where he had lived for months among camps and mines and the reckless men, the sweepings of the world, who fly there for safety, or for gold. He told her of Algiers, where he had wintered last year, and of hovw narrowly his life had been saved. Lost on the desert, a flociK of wild Bedouins, inflamed with rapine and liquor, had.swept down upon him with shrill cries. He fought against terrible odds as long as he could, then just as a lance head had pierced him, a horseman had ridden down like the wind, and, with a ringing Eng lish cheer, had laid aboug him right and left like a lion. Wherever that flashing blade fell, an Arab bit the dust. Then, faint-and sick from loss of blood, he reel-. ed from the saddle, and opened his eyes in his own quarters in Algiers. "And the gallant Englishman .who saved you?" Lady- Cecil breathlessly asked. K - "He was a captain of Chasseurs-his name, O'Donnell. Oddly enough in his quarters one day I came across a book, a very handsome copy of 'Marmlon,' with your name on the fly-leaf. You had lent it to him, it appeared, and it had never been returned." "Captain O'Donnell seems fated to save people's lives," said Lady Cecil, laughing "He saved mine from drown ing. Did he tell you of it? No? That is like his reticence. Are you aware he is In England? "No: I am not surprised to hear it, though. " He mentioned, casually, that he might shortly be in England." Lady Cecil said nothing, but that night, at parting, she gave Sir Artthur her hand with a kindly cordiality she had never shown before. When the morning of- the pie - nic came. Sir Arthur, Lady Cecil, the earl, and a young lady in apple green- muslin, ,went together in the barouche. Lady Dangerfield drove Major Frankland in her pony phaeton. The rest of the .young ladies followed in a second barouche, with two cava liers on horseback, the only married lady of the party being .the baronet's wife. It was an intensely hot day, the sun pouring down its fiery heat fromi a sky as deeply blue as thlatof Italy-the heat quivering in a white mist :oer the- sea Not a breath of air stirred; the sea lay asleep, one vast, polished .lake, under that globe of molten gold. CHAPTER XXII.-"THERE IS \- MA2N. A SLIP," ETC.. When the sea shore was reached, Lady Cecil and her cavalier tIhe Cornish baro net, strolled :away for a while, but a thunderstorm springing suddenly up they- were'glad to hurry back to . the rest of the'r friends. .They were not in' 'thue, however, to escape the rain, and both got.oret, - -. "I hope Ginievra anid her party were not.but : In that fairy bark of theirs -when the squall arose," remarked Lady Cecil to the baronet as they neared the \- -Then:presently she added: "Sir Arthulir, look there! The boat has uipset!"- ;-: . :- •, . - : The boat had.:o ' Lady Dangerfield, ex citedly aind eloquently, poured out the tale' of their hairbreadth escape as they ;T They-.'were a mile and a half, or there abouts, from the shore when the-thun derstorm 'had so- swiftly' arlsenf arind they had turned and put back at once; but-before they could almost realise the danger, the boat upset.., The Major could swim-so could Miss Hallan; the rector's daughter. Tiho was with them. Flinging one arm' about Lady Dangerfield, the major struck out for the shore, but an awful panic had seized the baronet's wife; sudden death stared her in the face, and all presence of mind deserted her. Shie struggled in the Major's clasp, clinging to him the while, and shrieking frantically. - In vain! Lady Dangerfield screamed and struggled; and-the plcnic party was in a fair way of winding up with a tra gedy, when a boat, skirlming like a bird over the dincing waters, and skil fully handled by one man, shot. towards them, swift and straight as an arrow.. "Rather a close finish," their deliverer said, coolly, after he had rescued her ladyship and the major. "You were do uingyour best to make for the bottom. Are you all right there, sir? Look after the lady, will you? I think she is go ing to faint."' But Lady Dangerfield did not faint too much cold water, perhaps. She glanced at her preserver, and noticed, even in that moment, that he was one of the very handsomest men it had ever been her good fortune to behold. But Lady; Dangerfield had not spoken one word; tears of shame and mortification were standing in her eyes. What a fright she must look-hatless, compara tively eomplexionless, and her bright; gossamer summer skirts clinging about her like wet leeches? What must this remarkably good looking and self- pos sessed gentleman think of her? He was not thinking of her at all; he was watching. .with an amused face. Miss Hallan-'calmly-aaid. deliberately' swim ming-dshore, 'and all the other" people standing like martyrs in the rain. Lady Cecil's dark eyes, full of sup pressed fun, were lifted to the baronet's; there was a grave smile even at the. corners of his sedate mduth. It was -wonderful how they understood each other, and how much nearer they Twere then than they had been that morn ing. Of course the p'cnic broke up in most "admired disorder," and at once. The wet mermaids were packed, 'damp and dripling, into the carriages, and whirl ed away to Scarswood as fast as the horses could trot the distance, Lady Dangerfield -bewailing her fate the while. "He had the air of a military man," she said. " "There was no mistaking it. And he was bronzed and bearded; and somewhat foreign looking. - A gentle man beyond a shadow of a doubt, with the bow of a Lord Chesterfield or a court chamberlain, and the whitest teeth I ever saw." It was evident Major Frankland. had a -rival. "I wish I had asked his name and in vited him to call," her ladyship went on. "I thought wehad had all the officers from Castleford barracks, and if any of them are eminently distinguished looking I have hitherto failed to-perceive it," re marked Lady Cecil. "Wie might have had him over:for our theatricals to-morrow 'night, if. I had only hadpresence of mind enough to ask his' name," said. Lady Dangerfield. "Itut how can one have presence of mind when one's drowning?" "I wish I had thought of asking him his name," her ladyship remarked, over and over again, later on returning to the Unknown. "A gentleman. I'am posi-, tive-there is no mistaiking the air of so ciety-and an officer; I should know' a trooper in the pulpit or in his coffin, there is no mistaking their swing. And he had the most expressive eyes I think I ever saw." "Your close observation does him. much honor," said Major Frankland, with suppressed jealousy. "He is, ii all probability, some wandering tourist or artist unknown to fame and Trafalgar Square. It would be cruel, 'I suppose, ., hint at his being a commercial travel ler, down from the metropolis with his samples." "Gad! he looked like someone I've met before," muttered the earl, glancing in easily at his daughter. "He was in London the night of the opera, and it is just possible he may have followed us down here. Only that it would not be like him-proudas Lucifer he used to be: and then I should think, too, he had got over the old madness. Not that she cares for him, of course, or that'his r.. pearance will make any difference In [h,, result It was only a girl's, only ; child's fancy-and it is six years ago. Whlat w'oman ever remembered an ab sent lover six years? By the way, it's odd Sir Arthur don't propose. He is greatly' taken with,Cecil, that is-. evi dent; and though shiS doesn't encourage him, she is friendly enough." Sir Arthur was taken with her. His eyes followed that fairy, graceful figure everywhere; he stood by the piano while she sang, and she sang si'eetly, his eyes on the perfect face, his ear drinking in those silver sounds. She might not be quite his ideal, perhaps-but which of us ever meets or marries our ideal?--and he liked her very well-very well, and admired her greatly. ?Why not speak, then, and ask her to be his wife? (To be continued.) 