Hau Honrs with the Anthers. Best 7. < •:•>: I • i>. in' i'h'i.ics !I-.VH marriage ol an iuukeefxir and A waxherwoman inoduced the future deliverer i-f Borne From such parents Nicholas Rienzi Gabrini could inherit neither dignity nor fortune ; and the gift of a liberal education, which they paiufully bestowed, was th cause of his glory and untimely end. Th« •tody of history and eloquence, the writings of Cioero, t*eneca, Livy, Ussar, and Valerius MsxUnus, elevated above his equals and contemporaries the genius of the young plebeian , he penned with indefatigable diligence the manuscripts and marbles of antiquity ; loved to dispense bis knowledge in familiar language; and was often provoked to exclaim, " Where are now these Bomans ? their Tirtne, their justice, their power f why was I not born in those happy times 1" When the republic addressed to the throne of Avignon an embassy of the three orders, the spirit and eloquence of Rieozi recommended bim to a place among the thirteen deputies of the commons. The orator bad the honor of haranguing Pope Clement the Sixth, and the satisfaction of conversing with Petrarch, » congenial mind ; but his aspiring hopes were chilled by disgrace and poverty; and the patriot was reduced to a single garment and the charity of the hospital. From thi>misexy he was relieved by the senBe of merit and the smile of favor; and the employment of apostolic notary afforded him a dail.t stipend of five gold florins, a more honorable and extensive connection, and the t ight of contrasting both in words and actions his own integrity with the vices of the state, 0 m » • » A prophecy, or rather a summons, affixed to the church door of St. George, was tbe first public evidence of his designs ; a noctural assembly of an hundred citizens on Mount Aventine, the first step to their execution. After an oath of secrecy and aid, he represented to the conspirators the importance and facility of t> eir e- terprise ; that the nobles, without union or resources, were strong only in the fear of their imaginary strength; that all power, as well aB right, was in tbe hands of tbe people ; that the revenues of the apostolic chamber might relieve the public distress; and that the Pope himself would approve their victory over the common enenres of Government and fieedom. *fter securing a faithful band to protect his first declaration, he proclaimed through the city, by soui d of trumpet, tha> on the evening of the following day all persons should assemble without arms before the church of St. Atigelo, to provide for the re-establixhment of the good estite. The whole night was employed in the celebration of thirty masses nf the Holy Ghost; and in th« ''orntpg, Kietzi, bareheaded, but in comply« arni.ur issued from 1 he ciurch. mr Btpusse by the hunded COunj-.irtttOi N Th» tone's vic-r, 'h'- Bishop of Orv'eto, who had be n |«:eu.id il t<» su«t-i a pari in t'ds singular ceiemony, rnmoh- • on his right hand ; and hree gre:»t sianiimdf wtre borne aioft ae the em lems of i heir design In the first, tbe banner of liberty, Ri.me was seated on two lions, with a palm In one hand and a globe in the oiher; rt Paul, with a drawn sword, was delineated in the banner of justice ; and in tbe third, 8t. Peter held the key of concord and peace Bienzi was encouraged by the presence and applause of an innumerable crowd, who understood little and hoped much ; and the procession slowly rolled forward from the Castle of St. Angelo to the « apitol. His triumph was disturbed by tome secret emotion which he labored to suppress: he ascended without opposition, ard with seeming confi iencc, the citadrl of the republic; harangued the people from the balcony ; and received the most flattering confirmation o his »»cls and laves. he nobles, SB if destitute of arms and counsels, beheld in silent consternation this strange revolution ; and the moment had been prudently chosen, when the most formidable, Stephen Colonna, watabsent from the city. On the first rumor bo returned to his palace, affected t<i riespibe this plebtian tumult, and declared to the messenger of bienci, that at bis leisure be would cast the madman from the windows of the Capitol. The great bell Instantly rung an alarm, and so Tapid was tbe tide, so urgent was the danger, tbat Colonna escaped with precipitation to the suburb of St. Lawrence; from thence, after a moment's refreshment, he continued the same speedy career till be reached bis castle of PaleBtina; lamenting his own imprudence, which had not trampled the spark of this mighty conflagration. A general and peremptory order was issued from the Capitol to all tbe nobles, that they should peaceably retire to their estates ; they obeyed ; and their departure Secured the tranquillity of the free and obedient cititens of Home. But such voluntary obedience evaporates with the first transports of zeal; and Kiei.zi felt the importance of justifying his usurpation by a regular form and a legal title. At his own choice the Roman people would have displayed their attachment and authority, by lavishing on his bead the names of senator or consul, of king or emperor; he preferred the ancient and modest Appellation of tribune; the protection of the commons was the essence of that sacred office; and they were ignorant that it bad never been invested with any share in the legislative or executive powers of the republic. In this character, and with the consent of the Romans, the tribune creatcd tbe most salutary laws for the restoration and maiutenace of tbe good estate. By the first he fulfils tbe wish of honesty and inexperience, that no civil suit should be protracted beyond the term of fifteen days. The danger of frequent perjury might justify the pronouncing against a false accuser the same penalty which his evidence would have inflicted; the disorder of the times might compel tbe legislator to punish every homicide with death, and every injury with equal retaliation. But the execution of justice was hopeless till he had previously abolished the tyranny of the noble". It was formally provided, that none, except tbe suprem< magistrate should possess or command the g-ttes, bridges, or towers of the state ; that no private garrisons should be introduced into tbe towns or castles of the Roman territory; tbat none shou:d bear arms, or presume to fortify their bouses in the city or country ; that the barous should be responsible for the safety of tbe highways, a; d the free passxgu of provisions ; md tbat the protection of malefactors and robliers sb<>uid be expiated by « fine <f a thousand marks ot silver i'ut thet-e regulations would have been impotent :>nd litigatory, hud ii. t ih° licentious nobles been awed bv tbe sword of the civil power. A sudden aL.rm from the bell ot the Capitol could still summon to the standard above twenty thousand volunteers ; the support nf the tribune ano the law* required a more regular and petmancnt force In each harbor of the cuast, » vessel w<s stationed for the assurance of commerce ; a standing militia of three hundred and sixty horse and thirteen hundred foot was levied, clothed, and paid in the thirteen quarters of the city ; and tbe spirit of a commonwealth m»y be traced in the grateful al owatice of one hundred florins, or pounds, to tbe heits of every so dier wbo lost his life in the service of his country For tite maintenance of the public dcfeoce, for the establishment of granaries, for the relief of widows. orph&DS;, and . indigent convents, bienzi applied, without fear of sacrilege, the revenues of the apostolic chamber ; the three branches of hearth-money, the salt duty, and the customs, were each or the annual produce of oi<e hundred thousand florins ; and sc -ndalous were the abuses if in four or five months tbe amount of the salt duty comd b trebled by his judicious economy. After thus restoring tbe forces and finances of the republic, tbe tribune recalled the nobles from t< eir solitary independence; required their personal appearance in the Capitol; and imposed an oath of allegiance to the new government, and of submission to the laws of the good estate. Apprehensive for their safety, but still more apptehonsive of the danger of a refusal, the princes and banes returned to their houses at Some in the garb of simple and peaceful citizens * * * It was the boast of Bienzi, that had delivered the throne and patrimony of St. Peter from a rebellions aristocracy: and Clement the fixth, who rejoiced in its f-.ll. affected to believe ihe professions, to applaud tbe merits, and to coi.firzn tbe ti le, of his trusty s»rvanL Tbe speech, perhaps the •tod, of tbe triboos, WM inspired with a lively repaid for the purity of tbe faith; he insinuated his claim to a supernatural mis- •"•'on fr m the Holy <;h.«st ; enforced by a v. .. f. i"M- •• Mi/ii!a 'tu'v <>fonii'e-H 'H • 1 , m : ii >-• t •••• !y ' i j •>• - fii.p.-r i w...iaii' ot i.ii:Mul i eop e .Never perhaps has the energy and effect oi a single mtud been more remarkably felt than in tbe sudden, though transient, reformation of Home by the tribune Bienzi. A den of robbers was converted to the discipline of a camp or convent; patient to hear, swift to redress, inexorable to punish, is tribunal was always accessible to the poor and tbe stTanger; nor could birth, or dignity, or the immunities of the church, protect the offender or his accomplices, i'he privileged houses, the private sanctuaries in Borne, on which no officer of justice would presume to trespass, were abolished ; and he applied the timber and iron of their barricades in the fortifications of the Capitol. The venerable father ot the Colonna was exposed in his own palace to the double shame of being desirous, and of being unable, to protect a criminal. A mule, with a jar of oil, had been stolen near Capranica ; and the lord of the Dr-ini family was condemned to restore the damage, and to discharge a fine of four hundred florins for his negligence in guarding the highways. Nor were the persons of the barons more inviolate than their lands or houses ; and, either from accident or design, the same impartial rigour was exercised againBt the heads of the adverse factions, f'eter Agapet Colonna, who had himself been senator of Rome, was arrested in the street for injury or debt ; and justice wan appeased hy the tardy execution of Martin IJrsini, wbo, among his various acts of violence aud rapine, had pillaged a shipwrecked vessel at the mouth of the Tiber. His name, the purple of two cardinal*, his uncles, a recent marriage, and a mortal disease, were disreearded by tbe inflexible tribune, who had chosen him victim. The public officers dragged him from his palace and nuptial bed ; bis trial was short and satisfactory : the bell of tbe Capitol convened the people : stript of his mantle, on his knees, with his hands bound behind his back, he heard the sentence of death ; and after a brief confusion, Ursini was led away to tbe gallows *fter such an example, none who were conscious of guilt could hore for impunily, and the flight of the wicked, the licentious, and the idle, soon purified the city and territory of Rome. In this time (says tbe bistorinn) the woods began to rejoice that 'hey were no longer infested with robbers ; tlie oxen began to plough ; the pilgrims visited tbe sanctuaries ; tbe roads and inns were replenished with travellers ; trade, plenty, and good faith, were restored in the markets ; and a purse of gold might be expo-ed without danger in the midst of the tiii;hway. As soon aB the life aud property "f tbe subject are secure, the labors and rewards of industry spontaneously revive ; iMiiue was still the metropolis of the Christian world ; and the fame and fortunes of the •ribune w-.s d ! ffuRed in every country by the -trangers who had enjoyed the blessings of his government. Ihe deliverance of his country inspired Kietizi with a vast, and perhaps visionary, idea of uniting: Italy in a grent federative republic, of which Borne should be the ancient and lawful head, and the free cities and princes the members and associates His pen was not less eloquent than his tongue; and his numerous epistles were delivered to swift and trusty messengers. On foot, with a white wand in their hand, they traversed the forests and mountains; enj yed, in the most hostile states, the sacred security of ambassadors.; and reported, in he style of fl.ittery or .ruth, that highways alung i heir passage were iined with kneeling multitudes, who implorid heaven for the success of their undertaking. * * Beyond tbe Alps, more especially at ^vignou, tbe revolu ion was the theme of curiosity, wonder, and applause. Petrarch had been the private friend, perhaps the s-cred counseller, of Kienzi ; his writings breath", the most ardent spirit of patriotism and joy ; and all respect, for the Pope, all gratitude for the Collona, was lost in the superior duties of a Roman citizen. The poet laureate of the < 'apitol maintains tbe act, applauds our hero, and mingles wiih some apprehension and advice tbe most lofty hopes of the permanent and rising greatness of the republic. While t'etrarch indulged these prophetic visions, the Roman hero was fast declining from the meridian of fame and power ; and the people, who hud gazed with Astonishment on tbe ascending meteor, be^an to mark the irregularity of its course, and the vicissitudes of light and obscurity. More eloquent than judicious, more enterprising than resolute, the faculties of Rienzi were not balanced by cool and commanding reason : he magnified in a tenfold proportion the objects of hope and fear ; and prudence, which could not have erected, did not pre sume to fortify, bis throne. In the blaze of prosperity his virtues were insent-ibly tinctured with the adjacent vices; justice with cruelty, liberality with profusion, and tbe desire of fame with puetile aud ostentatious vanity He might have learned, tha* the ancient tribunes, so strong and sacred in the public opinion, were not distinguished in style, habit, or appearance, from an ordinary plebeian ; and tbat, as often as tbey vi^iti d tbe city on foot, a single viater, or bead:e, attended the excerciseof their office. The Gracchi would have frowned or smiled, could they have Tead tbe sonorous titles and epithets of their succefsor, " Nicholas, severe and merciful; deliverer of Borne ; defender of ltnly ; friend of mankind-, and of liberty, •peace, and justice; tribune th atrical pageants had prepared the revolution ; but Kienei abused, in luxury and pride, tbe political maxim of sptaking to the eyes, as well as the understanding, of the multi tude. Prom nature he bad received the gift, of an handsome person, till it was Ewelled and disfigured by intemperance ; and his propensity to laughter was corrected in the magistrate by the affectation of gravity and sternness. He was clothed, at least on public occasions, in a parti-coloured robe of velvet or satin, lined with fur, and embroidered with g^;d : the rod of justice, wlieb be curried in his hand, was a sceptre of polish'd steel, ciowned with a globe and cross of gold, and inclosing a fragment of the true and holy wood In his civil and religious processions through the city, be rode on a white steed, the symbol of royalty ; tbe great binner of the republic, a sun with a circle of stars, a dove with an olive branch, w«6 displayed over his head ; a shower of gold and silver was scattered among the populace; fifty guards with halberds encompassed his person ; a troop of horse preceded his march ; and thiir cymbals and trumpets were of massy silver. Ihe ambition of the honors of chivalry t etrayed tbe meanness of his birth, aud degraded tbe import-mce of bis office ; and the equestrian tribune was not less odious to the nobles, whom h« adopted, than to the plebeians, whom he deserted. All that yet remained of treasure, or luxury, or art, was exhausted on tbat solemn day. Rienzi led the procession from the Capitol to the I .ate ran ; the tediousuess of the way was relieved with decorations and games ; th<ecclesias:i<:al, civil, and military order* marched under their various b-nuere ; the Roman ladies attended his wife ; and the ambassadors of Italy might loudly applaud, or secretly deride, the novelty of the pomp In the evening, when they had reached the church and palace of * "onstautine, be thanked aud di^mii-sed the numerous assembly, with =n invitttion to the festival of tbe comi' g •'ay. From the hands of a venerable knight he received the order of the Holy Ohost; the purification of 'he bath was a previous ceremony ; but in no step of his life did Kienzi excite such scandal and censure as by the profane use of the porphyry vase, in which Constantino (a foolish legend; had been healed of his leprosy by tope Sylvester. With equal presumption the tribune watched or reposed withiu the consecrated precint* of the baptis'ery ; and tne failure of his state bed was interpreted as an omen of his approaching downfall At the hour of worship he showed himself to the returning crowds in a majestic attitude, with a robe of purple, his sword, and gilt spurs; but the holy rites were soon interrupted by bis levity and indolence Rising from his throne, and advancing towards > be • ongregation, be exclaimed in a loud voice: " We summons to our tribunal Pupe Clement; and c mmand bim to reside in the diocese of Rome: we also suramin the •MIM college of ordinal*, We again sum- mon the two pretenders, Charles of Bohemia, and : ewis of Bavaria, who style t em'e v-*B i- ii onns : ve .ikf^wpo n-nmo:. al; ihe • .- . * f{ • i-n:"n» . wh t i. , i..ivi- iis:i;i- H r i C i-j f t-.o i< "-in- p -•• i- ii law u. b iver^-g-s of thi: tmpir<; " Uns^i-..t'iiuB his maiden sword, h - thrice brau iished it to tbe three parts of the world, and thrice repeated the extragavant declaration, " And this too is mine 1" The Pope's vicar, the Bishop of Orvieto, attempted to check this career of folly ; but his feeble protest was silenced by martial music; and instead of withdrawing from the assembly, he consented to dine with his brother tribune, at a table which had hitber'.o been reserved for the supreme pontiff. A banquet, such as the ( aesars hud given, was prepared for tbe Bomans. The apartments, porticoes, and courts of the Lateran were spread with innumerable tables for either sex, and every condition ; a stream of wine flowed from the nostrils of Constantino's brazen horse; no complaint, except of the scarcity of water, could be heaTd; and the licentiousness of the multitude was curbed by discipline and fear. A subsequent day was appointed for tbe coronation of Bienzi; seven crowns of different leaves or metals were successively placed on his head by the most eminent < f • he Roman clergy ; they represented the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost; and he still professed to imitate the example of the ancient tribunes. These extraordinary spectacles might deceive or flatter tbe people; and their own vanity was gratified in the vanity of their leader. But in his private lite be so- n deviated from the strict rule of frugality and abstinence : and the plebeians, who were awed by the splendour of the nobles, were provoked by the luxury of their equal. His wife, his son, bis uncle (a barber in name and profession), exposed the contrast of vulgar manners and princely expense : and without acquiring the majesty, Bienzi degenerated into the vices, of a king. A simple citizen describes with pitv, or perhaps with pleasure, tbe humiliation of the b.rons of Rome. " Bareheaded, their hands crossed on their breast, they stood with downcast looks in the presence of tbe tribune ; and they trembled, good God, how they trembled !" As long as the yoke of Bienzi was that of justice and their country, their conscience forced them to esteem the man, whom pride and interest provoked them to bate ; bis extravagant coiduct soon fortified their hatred by contempt; and they conceived the hope of subverting a power which was no longer so deeply rooted in the public confidence. The old animosity of the Colonna. and Ursini was suspended for a moment by their com(Lon disgrace; they associated their wishes, and perhaps their dessgns ; an assassin was seized and tortured ; be accused the nobles; and as soiin as Rienzi deserved the fate, he adopted the suspicions and maxims of a tyrant. On the same dsiy, under various pretences, he invited o the Capitol his princi al enemies, among whom were five members of the Ursini and three of the Colonna nume. But instead of a council or a banquet, ihey found themselves prisoner under the sword of despotism or justice ; and the consciousness of innocence or guilt might inspire them with equal apprehensions of danger. At tbe sound of the great bell the people assembled ; they were arraigned for a conspiracy against the tribune's life ; and though some might sympathise in their distress, not a hand or a voice, was raised to rescue the first of tbe nobiiity from their impending doom. Their apparent bold ess was prompted by despair ; they passed in separate chambers a sl eple-s •tn-t p .inful night; and the venerable hero, Stephen Colonna, striking against the door of his prisou. repeatedly urged his gmrds to deliver him by a speedy death from such ignominious servitude. In 'he morning they unde stood their sentence from the visit of a conftipsor and th-* tolling of the bell. The great hall of the Capitol h^d hcen decorated for the bloody scen>^ ; the swor <s of the executioners were unsheathed; and the barons were interrupted in their dying speeches by the sound of the trumpets. But in this decisive moment Bienzi was not less anxious or apprehensive thin bis cup'ives : he drraded the splendor of their names, tbeir surviving kinsmen, the inconstancy of tbe people, the reproiches of the wotld, a id, after rashly offering a mortal injuiy. he vainly ptcsumed that, if he could forgive, he might himself be forgiven His elaborate oration w s that of a Christian and a suppliant; and, as tbe uumble minister of the commons, he entreated bis masters to pardon thes - noble criminals, for whose repentence and future service he pledged his f.iith and authority. " If you are spared," s il the tribune, " by the mercy of the Uiiuans, will you not promise to support the good estate with your lives and fortunes?'* Astonished by this marvellous elemenev, tbe barons bowed their heads; and while they devoutly repeated the oath of allegiance, might whisper secret, and more sincere, assurance of revenge. A priest, in the aime of tbe people, pronounced theirabBolution: they received the communica tion with tbe tiitiuue. assisted at the banquxt, followed the procession ; aud, after every spiritual and temporal sign of reconciliation, were dismissed in safety to their resp-ctive homes, with the new honors and titles of generals, consuls, and patricians. During some weeks they were checked by the memory of their danger, rather than - f their deliverance, till the most powerful of tbe Ursini, escaping with tbe olonna from the city, erected at Marino the stan-'ard of rebelli >n. The fortifications of the castle were instantly rest >red ; the vassals attended tbeir lord ; the outlaws armed against the magistrate.; august-." his the flocks and he ds, the h>rvtst8 and vineyards, from Mxrino to the g^tesof Rom~, were swept away or destroyed ; and the people arraigned Rier zi as the author of tbe calamities which bis government bad taught them to forget. In toe camp, Bienzi appeared to less advantage than in the rostrum ; and he neglected the progress of the rebel birons till tbeir numbers were strong, and their castles impregnable. From tbe pages of Livy he had not imbibed the art, or even tbe courage, of a ge-ieral : an army of twenty thousand Bomans returned without honor or effect from the attack of Mari-<o; and his vengeance was amused by painting his enemies, their heads downward, and drowning two dogs (at least they should have been bears) as the repretatives of the Ur-ini. The belief of his incapacity encouraged their operations ; tbey were invited by their secret adherents ; and he baroos attempted, with four thoui>aud foot and sixteen hundred horse, to enter Rome by force or surprise. The city was prepared for their reception : tbe alarmbell rung all night : tbe gales were strictly guarded, or insolently open ; and after some hesitation they sounded a retreat. Tbe two first divisions had passed along tbe walls, but the p'ospect of a free entrance tempted tbe headstrong valor of the nobles in the rear ; and after a successful skirmish, they were overthrown and massacred without quarter by the crowds of the Roman people. Stephen Colonna the younger, the noble spirit to whom Petrarch ascribed the restoration of Italy, was preceded or accompan'cd in death by his son John, a gallant youth, by his brother Peter, who mieh' regret the< ase and honors of the church, by a nephew of legitimate birth, and by tw;» bastards of the Colonna race; ami the number of seven, the seven crowns, as Rienzi siy'ed them, of tbe H dy (Jhost, was completed by the agony of the deplorable paren', of the veteran chief, who had survived the hope and fortune of his hou«e. The vision and prophecies of 3t. Martin and tope Boniface had been used by the tribuDe to animate his troops ; he displayed, at least in tbe pursuit, the spirit of a hero ; but. he forgot the maxims of the ancient Romans, who abhorred the t iumphs of civil war The conqueror ascended tbe Capitol ; deposited his crown and sceptre on the a'tar; •nd boasted, with some truth, that he had cut off an ear which neither pope not emperor had been able to amputate. His base and implacable revenge denied the honors of burial ; and the bodies of tbe olonna, wbicb be threatened to expose with those of the vilest malefactors, were secretly interred by the holy virgins of tbeir name and family. The people sympathised in (heir grief, repeated of their own fury, and detested the indecent joy of Ri-nzi, who visited the spot where these illustrious victims had fallen. It was on that fat 1 spot tbat he conferred on his son tbe honor of knighthood ; and the ceremony was acoomnied by a slight blow form each of tbe Kraemen of ths guard, and by a tfdioaloaa and inhuman ablution from p oi of wat"r which was po!!u'r;d with -r ? •»: h' A short del-iy v.ou'.; 1, , Nfirci •!:- Colonna, the del -y - f :l -m ' ,1 '-o'" ' • i .ps-d be'v. . ~th • ...i .ii e . ' i-nzi. In tLtf j.n.. . r hi- -- f ii d what i e< r>-in:ii:-"d -f C s el'il viiin--:. without acquiring ihe fam - of mi iiaiy prawess. A free and vigorous opposition was formed in the city; aud when the tribune proposed in the public conncil to impose a new tax, and to regulate the government of Perugia, thirty-nine members voted against his measures; repelled the injurious charge of treachery and corruption ; and urged bim <o prove, by their forcible exclusion, that, if the populace adhered to his cause, it was already disclaimed by tbe most respectable citizens. The pope and the sacred college had never been dazzled by his specious pr fessions ; tbey were justly offended by the insolence of his conduct; a cardinal legate waB Bent to Italy, and after some fruitless treaty, and two personal interviews, he fulminated a bull of excommunication, in which tbe tribune is degraded from his office, and branded with the guilt of rebellion, sacrilege, and heresay. The surviving barons of Rome were now humbled to a sense of allegiance ; their interest and revenge engaged them in the service of the church ; but as tbe fate of the Colonna was before their eyes, they abandoned to a private ! adventurer the peril and glory of the revolu- | tion. John Pepin, Count of Minnrbino in tbe kingdom of Naples, had been condemned for his crimes, or bis riches, to perpetual impris mment; and Petrarch, by solicitiig his release, indirectly contributed to the ruin of his friend. At the head of one hundred and fifty soldiers, the Count of Miaorbino introduced himself into Rome ; barricaded the quarter of the Colonna ; and found the enterprise as easy as it had seemed impossible. From the first alarm, the bell of tbe Capitol incessantly tolled;—but, instead of repairing to t^e well-known 1 sound, the people was silent and inacive ; and the pusillanimous Bienzi, deploring their ingratitnde with sighs and tears, abdicated the government and palace of tbn republic. GIBBON. 