I THE mystery of barney I O'ROLSRKE. I (vr,m the A muds of a Haunted House.) I 4 verv irritating tiling has happened. 7,v hired man, a. certain Barney n'hnuiitc-, a citizen of much political in- n c jod gardener, and, according I much i he best of me, and all I because of certain effusions which from I time 10 time have emanated from my pen I p i= not often that one's literary ehic- I 1-,-rs tnme home to roost in such a I y, , iul fashion as some of mine have I i-fcuuly done, and I have no doulit that I -jiN story progresses he who reads I wdl' li'nd much sympathy for me rising I up in ins breast, I In the Ir.tu-r pail of last July, expect- I jm: a meeting of friends at my house in I ronre cti n with a question of the good I govvriuni ut of the city in which I lion- I estiv try t > :ty my taxes, I ordered one I hundred cigars to be delivered at my I residence. 1 ordered several other things I at the so me time, but they have nothing I whatever to do with the story, because I they we i o all— every single bottle of I ihein-r'jnsumed at the meeting; but of I tin ci.-rr.-. a;, out which the strange I fans of my story cluster, at the close I of the meeting a goodly two dozen re- I main'd. This is surprising, considering I that there wore quite six of us present, I but it is true. Twenty-four by actual I count iimained when the last guest left I me. 'l'tie next morning I and my family I look our departure for a month's rest I in ihe mountains. In the hurry of leav- I l«g home, and the worry of looking I after three children and four times as I nnny trunks, I neglected to include the I cigars in my impedimenta, leaving them I in the opened box upon my library table I It was careless of me, no doubt, but it I was an important incident, as the se- I quel shows. The incidents of the stay I in the lulls were commonplace, but I during- my absence from home strange I filings were going on there, as I learned I upon my return. I The place had been left' in charge of I Barney O'Hourke, who, upon my arrK I val. assured me that everything was all I right, and I thanked and paid him. I ' Wait a minute, Barney," I said as he I turned to leave me; "I've got a cigar for I you." I may mention incidentally that I in the past I had kept Barney on very I good terms with his work by treating I him in a friendly, sociable way, but, to I my great surprise, upon this occasion he I die-lined advances. I RAD GIVEN UP SMOKING. I His face flushed v.ery Ted as he ob- I served that lie had given up smoking. I "W ell, wait a minute, anyiliow," said I I. "There are one or two things I want I to speak to you about." And I went to I the table to get a cigar for myself. I The box was empty. I Instantly the suspicion which has I amhtless flushedthrough the mind of I the reader flashed through my own — I Barney had been tempted, and had fallen. I rt-caii.r ij3 biusli, and on the moment I icaiiK-d that in all my vast experience I of hired men in the past I had never I seen one blush before. The case was I ciear. My cigars had gone to help Bar- I '"y" fn'nigh the hot summer. I _ A ell. I ,j, ciare!" I cried, turning sud- I aenly upon him. "I left a lot of cigars I K','® when I went away, Barney." I .,.1 J '; 'W -v,; did, sorr," said Barney, ho had now grown white and-rigid. "1 j-sw them meself, sorr. There was tuinty-b,,,,. of 'em." "lou counted them, eh?" I asked, with thr-7 .l-UOn f my eyebroWE> Which to )V:1 know me conveys the idea of iusp-.cion. cr.r sorr" n your absence I was re- niorni', ? everything here, and the vnuri'1 iVe:it ;iwaa I took a quick in- aniv of the removables," he 'Tiinp ' "Bering his cap nervously. ' twi-t,-Sf10W il was serr. and thim i tuo imJ r Ur segi'ars was lyin' there in cue box my eyes." inoval or n d you count tor the re- them ® removables, as you call at him ,r.ne5r-' 5 asked, looking coldly and ho SaW he was under suspicion, getheinV,nCed' but puIled himself to- "e i ln an instant, fiaid/cjj'.m,!'1 „th® Question, sorr," he ready alu have me answer sorr." segyars was shmoked,- hressed' «nppr witb an H'-sup- 1 added with , by whom? Cats?" my shoulders. Cnte,nptuous shrug of simpiean!.pLOVel50werefl me, it was so ' ect, and unexpected. , " SHPOOKa- 1 iEd'",he repUea' laconically. In astonishment, ami sat down. My -knees simply collapsed under me, and I could no more have continued to stand up than fly. "What?" I cried, as soon as I had re covered sufficiently to gasp out the word. "Shpooks," replied Barney. "Ut came about like this, sorr. It was the Froi- day two wakes afther you left, I became unasy loike along about noine o'clock in the avenin', and I t'ought I'd come around here and see if everything was sthraight. Me wife sez ut's foolish of me, son-, and I sez maybe so, but I can't get ut out o' me head thot somet'ing's wrong. " 'Ye locked everyt'ing up safe whin ye left?' sez she. " 'I always does,' sez I. ' "Thin ut's a phwhim,' . sez she. " 'No,' sez I. 'Ut's a sinsation. If ut was a phwhim, ut 'd be youse as would hov it;' that's what I sez, sevarely loike, sorr, and out I shtarts. It was tin o'clock whin I got here. The noight was dark and blowin loike March, nainin' and t'underin' till ye couldn't hear your self fink. "I walked down the walk, sorr, an barrin' the f under everyt'ing was quiet. I troid the dures. All toight as a politi cian. Shtill, t'inks I, I'll go insoide. Quiet as a lamb ut was, sorr; but on a suddent, as I was about to go back home again, I slimelt shmoke!" "Fire?" I cried, excitedly. "I said shmoke, sorr," said Barney, whose calmness was now beautiful to look upon, he was so serenely confident of his position. "Doesn't smoke involve a fire?" I de manded. "Sometimes," said Barney. "I fought ye meant a conflagrashun, sorr. The shmoke I shmelt was segyars." "Ah," I observed. "I am glad you are coming to the point. Go on. There is a difference." "There is thot," said Barney, plea, santly, as he was getting on so swim mingly. "This shmoke, as I say, was sey- gar shmoke, so I gropes me way cau tious loike up the back sthairs and list ens by the library dure. All quiet as a lamb. Thin, hold loike, I shteps into the room, and NEARLY DROPS WID THE SHCARE I HAVE ON ME in a minute. The room was dark as a b'aver hat, -sorr, but in different shpots ranged round in the chairs was six little red bails of foire." . "Barney!" I cried. "Thrue, sorr," said he. "And tobneky shmoke rollin' out till you'd a fought there was a folre in a seygar store! Ut queered me, sorr, for a minute, and me impulse is to run, but I gets me courage up, springs across the room, touches the electhric button, and, bzt! every gas-jet on the flure loights up!" "That was rush, Barney," I put in, sai-castically. "It was in your intherest, sorr," said he, impressively.1 "And you saw what?" I queried, 'grow ing very impatient. "What I hope niver to see again, sorr," said Barney, compressing his lips, solemnly. "Six impty chairs, sorr, wid six seygars as hoigh up from the flure as a man's mouf , puffin', and a-blowin' out shmoke loike a chimbley! An' ivery oncet in a wlioiie the segyars would so down kind of an' be tapped loike as if wid a finger of a shmoker, and the ashes would fall off onto the flure!" "Well?" said I. "Go on. What next?" "I wanted to run awaa, sorr, but I shtood rutted to the shpot wid tli' sur. prise I had on me, until foinaliy ivery segyar was burnt to a sihtub and trun into the foireplace, where I found 'em when I came to clane up, provin' ut wasn't ony dhrame I'd been havin'." THE MAN WAS LYING. I arose from my chair and paced the room for two or thi'ee minutes, wonder ing what I could say. Of course, the man was lying, I thought. Then I pulled myself together. "Barney," I said, severely. " what's the use? Do you expect me to believe any such cock-and-bull story as that?" "Noi\ sorr," said he. "But tliim's tjhe facts." "Do you mean to say that this house of mine is haunted ?"I cried. "I don't know," said Barney, quietly. "I didn't fink so before." "Before? Before what? When?" 1 asked. "Whin you was writin' shtories about- ut, son-," said Barney, respectfully. "You've had a black horse-hair sofy turn white in a single noight, sorr, for the soight of horror ut's witnessed.. You've lmd the hair of your own head slitand on ind loike tinpenny nails at what you've seen here in this very room, yourself, sorr. You've had ghosts doin'. all sorts of t'ings in the shtories you've been writin' for years, and you've al. ways swore they were thrue, sorr. 1 didn't believe 'em when I read 'em, hut whin I see thim segyars bein' slimoked up before me eyes by invisible t'ings, I sez to meself, sez I, the boss ain't such a loiar afther all. I've follyd your writ in', sorr, very careful and close loike; I don't see how, afther the tales you've told about your own experiences right here, you can cay consishtently that this wan o' mine ain't so!" "But why, Barney," I asked, to con fuse htm, "when a tiling like this hap pened, "didn't you write and tell me?" Barney chuckled as only one of bis species can chuckle. "Wroiate and tell ye!" he cried. "Be giowy, sorr, if I could wroite at all at al„ ut's not you oi'd be wroitin' that tale to, but to the iditor of the paper that you wroite for. -A tale loike that is wort' tin dollars to any man, especially If ufs thrue. But I niver learned the aAnd with that Barney left me over whelmed. Subsequently I gave him the ten dollars which I. think his story is worth, but I .must confes that I am in a dilemma. After what I have said about my supernatural guests, I cannot discharge Barney for lying, but I'll be blest if I can quite believe that his story is accurate ip every respect. If there should happen to be among the readers of this taie any who have made a sufficiently close study of the habits of hired men and ghosts to be able to shed any light upon the situation nothing would please me more than to hear from them. I may add, in closing, that Barney has resumed smoking. — John Kendrick Bangs, in "Harper's "Weekly." 