IN THE DEAB OF NIGHT, By the Popular Atxthoresa, ADA CAMBRIDGE. Published by special: arrangement with Meter*. Ward.Lock if* <7o„ Ltd. [AIX. EIGHTS BKSERVEB.] CHAPTfifi V. - THE SPIRIT OP aitJBDjEB. The Wingat^droVe in jtheir own. buggy J to The Cb&se;, wheretheyWeremet by Mr BlanketFe: poliCeuian^fiy iwhom they were escorted over the great houad; It joasa grpathonse.inmore ways than j One ;audilettie, whosepassion for things JSnglish was far greater .than that of which , \- she hod accused her husband;walked abont j with clasped hands andbeadjthro wn back, uttering sighs and " ohs"»hd Other sense less ejaculations, in a state of rapture too ' OT^^aid^f«rWord8. The' hall — the great hall, as it was properljr .termed.-rr had been left almo t eiactlyis'lt 'was -dh- what Billy called his n: timj^ andr^impressive .onongh. for any-. tlnng^-esprciaUy in the dnll light of a. threatening storm which hod unexpectedly follows!upon the bright morning. It was not muchunlike a chnrch with a fireplace . inatwndull.the pewisturned out. There wasjasarasn like arood-screen at the lower end, dividing it from -an' outer vestibule ; at the upper -the massive staircase, down whichabexiehad walked likea princess at her husband's side, branched into galleries rnnning; down the hides.. The' windows were-tnullioned and'filled with Old glass, ^partly stained; the floor was of chequered stone,, thereof amsssof oak beams, spreading fan-wise malldirecfcione. - -From' the latter—-very high np and shadowed— hong banners, beautifully dilapidated. There were trophies of arms on the walls; genuinely medieval;" rows upon rows of family; -portraits, with -authentic dates to them, historic -and notorious; heraldic insignia oneveryhand. indisputably testa-, fying that the : ©esaillys werean ancient . andwrnoblefamily. ;Altogether,theriBwas a fine, Bolemuy feudal sir abont the place, osculated to awe a .colonial person seeing it for the first time. "^Having been so .lately used for the ooming-of-age festivities, dost and cobwebs: were not conspicuous; bat the air Btrnck; cpld and hada musty,mouldy taint, causing Mhttie to cry " Pah'"and put a perfumed ^Ludkerchief to her nose. , is the very smell of murdered bodies,"she declared, shivering. ; ;i"Hobr do you know what the smell of murdered bodies is like?" her husband' asked fuse. i" Oh.^yinstinct," she replied. .. " Itfs-thesmell of old age," be said, sniffingand'peeringabouthitn. "Powers] above I It looks as xf it -might have been J like this for a thousand years." - j . Theyopenedthe shatters of the state ! drawingroom, which had been used in Iiexie's honour onthernight "Wingate so well remembered—a place of comfortless splendour such as may still be found in ] oartain royal paUceswhich the changes of fifty years or so have; respectfully passed I by.i^^Mwasdesplatu)h again. The floral ] et anfi mncb of 'the satiny furniture I ornaments ; what were left stood shrbnded in -bags , of calico, bulging and shapeless. But; the chandeliers, that weighed tons, and the canning carved work .of the snmptnons ceiling. and doorways, wer exposed;, so. were fchepanels of tapestry said to be three hundred years Old, and'the famous: pictures that carxied. history on their faoes—faces of Vandyke ladies in illsll eLately ami beautiful Humiclca-Md.ria coetumes; bely ladies inflowing and form yiB draperies, kept from'flowing away al togetherjby ainere taper-fingeredhand ; . Gainsboroughs, Sir Joshuas,Bomneys, with j huge heads Und little sc irves and fichus — . Iiexie's noble predecessors 'in that most j select of county<families. .. . ■ "Oh!" sighed, Hettie Wingate, to all this forsaken; beauty,what a drawing room I conld imake of this t Billy, what do yon say^—" Bat whenthey went upstairs-she was i afraid-to repeat be • suggestion. Here,"] where the rooms had not been opened for | the eoming-of-age guests, : the Utterly undomestic, deserted, haunted-house look [ of "everything made the thought'of the vnlgarest Melbourne villa grateful. Any- I thing like a home seemed inconceivable in ] that forlorn and fusty wilderness, where j rats jtequeakedin daytime, and spiders' s; arawn dver the, heavily leaded win websi drawn over the. heavily lea do ws, shut wholesome'sunshine out. In every .room-Carpets were rolled np, and only .the heavy ftnitaredefi: in place— except in that most interesfcingroomof all at the end of the west wing, identified with Lexie in the past, and.with the rope \- and candle in the present, the place of the mystery which it was the~ object of their expedition to solve. Here what carpet the moth had left still clang to the floor, and curtains of .flowered silk damask, that had been-old and faded in her time, still depen ded'from the canopy of Lexis's bed a monumental structure of mahogany that must have*been built where it stood—and from the cornice spanning the bay of the big window, which almost filled one end of the room-.and.was the only, light in it. The great wardrobes and presses, the bow legged toilet table, with itB oval mirror swinging between,tall shafts, the sofa and the escritoire, the very mattress and pil lows of the vast bed, with the satin qnilt drawn over them—everything that she had "used daring her brief occupancy of the apartment—seemed to have been left un altered ; and Billy looked at all with a full . heart and eyes that .his wife did not care to meet: for a few minutes. The rooms that hadbeen Walter's "dressing-room and the nuinMudes, adjoining each other in the passageiouteide, communicated with hers by one dbor Only, the only one in the great rooim^isespqnding at the one end to the onl/^^dpw at the other. The long , side wallB' ware unbroken save by the chimuey piece, which was the usual massive struc tni^LSixteenth-eentury woodwork, with ODa^nentation reaching to the ceiling, the hearihiwide and the shaft spacious, giving a fagig^view -of a disc of ' sky. The moBt casual mspectaon showed the impossibility i of any " living tbing, save birds, being harboured there.. .The floor, as Wingate \- bad been informed, had been taken np in ' various places and. pat down again, the old cupet now hiding the scars; the window casements, .were, fastened; and when he wentalong the wainscot, rapping sharply _ on every panel,jand standing still to listen ' for tbe efitot, £he eounddied immediately, withno hint Of toward echo. . ■ ' "We've done that" the constable ob-; .■served witb-u smile.' "There's nothing there, siri Solid as a-rock." " What 1" cried Wingate, " do you believe in ghosts, too ? " " Ho, sir; but 1 believe in the evidence of my senses. Those walls don't hide any thing. Fve proved it." . They were lined from-top to bo! torn with wood panelling, that had been painted white and gilded in places, and was now soiled and tarnished. In flve of the panels, "three on ohe side and two on the other, the latter flanking- the central-chimney-piece, pictnres were embedded as in fixed frames. They were so old that it was impossible to tell whether, as works of art, they were good or bad, for hardly an ontline was visible under the varnish, which seemed to be many coats thick. Their blackened hues contrasted oddly with the white paint, suggesting that the latter was a recent innovation in the chronology of the honse, and probably hid the beautiful texture and colour of old oak or other valuable wood. The visitors passed them over with a glance. ' "Well;" said .Wingate to the constable, " I think thaf s all for the present. The place is empty now, whatever it may have been last. sight; the windows are secure, and we will loch the door behind ua safely. When we have had something to eat, and gathered together a few things that we may want, wewill return here, and stay in I this room till, morning. And if you will meet us with the keys, and share our watch", I Bhall be infinitely obliged to you. Of" course I'll make it well worth your i ""til0'* . , *" Don't you think, sir," suggested the ! constable," that itfd be as well for some body to watch outside as well aa in? That fellow with the rope, that you saw in the garden, wants attending to." " Certainly. I mean to keep a good look-out from the window. There will be a splendid moon if theBe clouds clear off. The fewer- we axe the better in a case of this sort. . Ton don't catch fish if you make a splash in the water." "No, sir..-.But I think ifs my business to look after the man rather thau the ghost, if ifs ail the same to you." Wingate agreed that a policeman must be allowed to know his own business best, and had a shrewd suspicion that this par ticular policeman would rather deal single handed with fifty corporeal thieves of the most desperate character than with one indeterminate spectre lighting its way about the deserted house with a harmless Spectral candle. So it was arranged that .heshould patrol the garden, with a trusty friend for company, while husband and wife held the fort within. At six o'clock of a summer evening the prospect had no terrors for the latter. She was delighted to have gained permission to share such a brave adventure. It was slightly otherwise at nine o'clock, however. .Night was closing in then, and with the night came the heavy storm that Nad been slowly gathering during the afternoon. Sombre thunder clonds, riven with red lightning, and a deep and swel ling murmur in the air, were the conditions attendant upon an uncomfortable start from the abode of Mrs Venn, who, having 'supplied - certain demands, was wild with .curiosity, to know what for—the only fact confided to'her being the.intention of her guests to " camp out," which seemed about the/last thing likely in.the state of the weather. - Half-way. np the green chase, the horses, already at their fastest trot, .delighting in the longest stretch-of sward ithey- had ever felt under their feet, were encouraged to break into a gallop; and the deserted stables were reached just as the -furious rain began to fall. Here they found the constable and . Abel Howe, his ehoeen mate—declared , to be the best available looking far from happy. They helped "Wingate to shelter his boggy, And make the horses comfortable; and then to eariy the .contents of the. vehicle into the honse. * ; "How tlih great hall clanged to the tread of their hob-nailed boots! And the aspect of the place, in the light of one candle and a bull's-eye lantern — the hollow silence and darkness filled with the sound of rushing rain—how eerie it was! When such rain falls on your roof at night,par ticularly :with trees about, you can always hear voices in it, gabbling to each other, if you like to. listen for them; here they seemed to shout overhead, like wild birds passing over—a ride.of valkyries above the storm; and the empty-honse rever berated till one could well fancy that kindred/spirits within it were answering to' the call. Nevertheless, Billy enticed his evidently uneasy comrades to remain while the downpour lasted, keeping them in heart with the whisky flask. He earnestly advised them to remain inside for theflight, and watch the terrace from a ground-floor window; but they preferred the riBk of rheumatism and pneumonia in a damp summer-house outside. " It wouldn't do, tbey said, with sheepish smiles, tomake themselves too comfortable, since they had to keep awake all night. "Very well;, only if you c tch yonr j deaths 4°u't blame me," said Billy testily. 1 He had scorned_to_plead nervousness _finJ. his own account, but was more and more] ■conscious that it would have been a satis faction! to have his guards on the inner'] side of the locked doors during the witch- | ing hours. " took sharp that yon do keep awake," he | besought them," as they-turned to go. " Don't take yonr eye off that terrace and j the.window for a moment. And cooee— that is; call put to .me, if you see anything j suspicuous. I will do the -same. Good night! ' Take the mackintosh rug with you." He let them out into the sweet-smelling, rain-washed -night, closed the heavy door upon them and turned the key with a vindictive wrench, reflecting with pleasure that their cowardice, as he supposed it, had cut them off from the support of his c urage, companionship and revolver; then he and Nettie, crowding into each other's pockets, sat downto hearten them selves with a little sapper. " I've got some more whisky here," he said,.rummaging, "and I'm going to give you some, old girl. X am wishing, do yon know, that I'd left you with Mrs Venn after all." "Why, Billy? I am not frightened. I wouldn't have stayed at home, away from you, for anything; nothing should have induced me. But I dt> think," sp aking rather, -tremulously, "that those men might have kept as company the firat night!" " I can easily make them, if you wish. 1 can drive them in by threatening to shoot them if they won't come. But that wouldn't help much, and I suppose it really is an advantage to have the house watched outside. Don't you feel Bafe with only me, sweetheart ? " . He put his arm around her as she sat j upon his knee, and she dropped a package of sandwiches to the floor in order to kiss him -adequately. " Oh, I do, I do !" she cried, and honestly meant it, for never had her bridegroom shown himself so much of a man and a husband as he was doing now. " But this place"—they were in the great hall, for the security of a wide outlook all round them—" oh, Billy dear, this place is so, so creepy!" It certainly was—even Billy confessed it; far more so in the moonlight than in the rain. No ordinary imagination could withstand the effect—the conjunction of effects—presented. " We won't stay here any longer," he murmured soothingly. " We'll go to bed. Here, drink,"—holding a potent tumbler to her lips. "I know it is nasty, but it will do yon good. Now just one little sandwich to please me. That's right. Yon feel better now, don't you? You are not nervous now, are you ? " Gladdened to the heart by his serious anxiety, responsively solicitous for hiB ease I of mind, she assured him that she feared | nothing so long as her husband was with I her. In the silent hug that followed they | touched a deeper note than had yet soun ded in the merry music of their joint j lives. " Brave girl! Come along, then; stick j close to me. There's nothing whatever to j be afraid'of. It's only that the place looks ! so big and grand, and feels so full of its old stories somehow. This is the sort of thing that makes people feel religious in cathedrals, when they are quite cold and callous in a common, modern church. Just imagine that you've been locked into Mel bourne Town Hall by mistake, and see how j little yon will care then!" " I can't. This is like being in another .world." " It's the same old world—the same * so- j called nineteenth century'; and we're just as safe as hullo!" " Oh!" " Confound the thing! All right, all right; it's only one of the buggy lamps; I didn't see it was there.". He had knocked it from a pile of bedclothes to the floor, and the glass and metal rang upon the bare stone. Echoes in the roof and gallerieB were like a flock of startled birds taking wing at the noise. "That ought to be a warning to the ghosts," he growled, in a vexed tone; " the very thing I didn't want to give them. "Wait a bit,.Nettie; listen a moment." They stood qnite still, in their small island of light, peering into the sea of shadows round them. The flame of the candle glowed up into their handsome faces, so alive and alert, bnt left dark, bb in ambush, the eyes of the dead Desaillys watching the intruders from the wall. Brighter every moment shone the moon through the blazoned windows, sharper its embroidery of oross-bars and lattiee-work came out upon the pavement under them; and the ' lighter it grew, the more like a haunted place it looked. Oh, how different things ; appear at night from what they do by day! Billy wished again that he had left Nettie with Mrs Venn. " Listen!" he.said, hold ing her tightly with one hand and the butt of his revolver with the other. But they heard nothing, except their hearts beat ing. . So they started on their voyage to the west wing. Their supper had done them so much good that they dared to blow the 1 candle out and find their way by the light of the moon ;. for, as Billy said, if they were to catch that ghost, it was necessary to stalk him carefully. " But don't think of such rot," he hastened to add. " If you hear anything, mind, it will be the dripping of thexain, or the mice and rats, or the wind in chimneys and keyholes, or the windows shaking, or the old boards creaking and cracking un derfoot. Natural causes, remember—not supernatural." " Oh! I'm not afraid of ghosts," boasted | Nettie, whom whisky had made valiant for the moment. "Nor of anything else— | with you." She carried the candlestick and matches, her dressing-bag and wraps; Billy had loaded himself with all their bedclothes, bnt kept his right hand free. They walked in their stocking feet and .talked in whispers. The first sensation, as of cold water down her spine, came to Nettie as t ey passed the little room at the angle of the stairs. No curtain marked it now, and the moonlight poured through itB en circling windows in a melodramatic way. " That's where I saw her burning the | lace," said Wingate; pointing. " Ob, don't!" gasped Nettie, seeing in her mind's eye the lace with blood- stains on it. All the tragical story, as her young fancy composed it, seemed to act itself again be fore her; she dared not look into the little room, lest she should behold the spirit of midnight murder bending over the hearth. Oh, this was indeed an uncanny place to be astray in at sncb an hour! They reached, or all but reached, their | destination in the west wing, creeping past the little well staircase and the row of doors to the carefully locked door at the [ end of tbe passage. Suddenly both stood I motionless, arrested in the self-same in stant; and Nettie uttered an involuntary | exclamation which Wingate instantly sup pressed. " Oh!" " Hush-sh-sh " What was that ?" A sound which, if anywhere outside their I own imaginations, was inside the seal d [ chamber, and not wind or mice or rain drops now. The noise, a deep ramble, as if some one were dragging a solid, smooth piece of fnrnitnre over the floor, rather like the sonnd of an earthquake, and the feel of it too. A distinct vibration was com municated to the pair, who as yet were some dozen yards from the spot whence the movement seemed to proceed, the air being at the same time filled with a muffled hum, swelling for a moment and then- ceasing suddenly, leaving the tomb like silence as before. It might have been an earthquake, or it might have been thunder, the tail end of the recent storm; but our adveutuiers did not think of either possibility. "They've got in before us," whispered Wingate, dropping the bedclothes where he stood, and getting a grip of his re volver. " Steady now. Don't be frigh tened. Light the candle. - Quick!" He turned the heavy handle of the door, "expecting to: find-it—unfastened.—Buk-it was not unfastenedit was just as he had left it. Stooping, with the candle at his eye, he peered into the keyhole, and saw that no key obstructed it. Then he snatched his own from his pocket, wretched it ronnd in the lock, and threw the door wide open. No one was visible. The room was silent and empty of everything but what they had left there in the afternoon; nothing had been moved. They stood for a minute or two jnst within the door, which, when they had bronght in tbe bedclothes, they closed and locked behind them, staring up and down and from Bide to side; then, holding his wife's hand, Wingate ap proached the fireplace cautiously and looked up the wide shaft of the chimney, holding the candle high above his head. " Nothing there," he whispered. Then he tip-toed to the window, which I he examined closely. No one, he fonnd, could have got ont that way. The two casements were both closed. He took hold of each handle of the iron catches and moved it up and down; both worked well, bnt both had been in their sockets, and no draughts could have displaced them. Opening one door-like lattice, he reached his head out; the window, resting on a bracket of heraldic stone-work, was thirty feet up in the wall, at least, projecting into the air, with nothing under it but flag pavements. Any burglar departing by that route would do so to certain suicide. "What could it have been?" faltered Nettie, whose little heart was pumping violently. " Thunder, I expect. It must have been ] thunder." " It didn't sound like thunder, Billy. It | stopped too suddenly." " Couldn't have been anything else," he I insisted, with some impatience; but he | still prowled about uneasily. " t£ any of the village people are watch ing the house," said Nettie, as she placed the candle on the dressing-table, not far from the window, " they will say the ghost is here to-night, at any rate." " Blow it out," cried Wingate, and he 1 extinguished the little flame himself as he j Bpoke. " Let us watch for an hour or two. The moon is light enough for anything, j and it's as well—ha !" " Oh J" They stood like statues, listening, and heard the voices of the men from the tei- j race beneath. Wingate put his head out ] of the window again and hailed them. " Ccoee! You fellows there — what's j up ?" " We've only found another rope, sir. An old one this time." " Oh, have yon ? Anything else ?" " Nothing else, sir, We heard a rustling | and thought we saw somebody, but it was I a mistake We'll keep a good look-out, sir." "Just scour the place well before you I settle yourselves down, and report to me in half an hour." ' They did so, but had nothing further to report. , " All right inside, sir ?" the constable kindly inquired. " Ajs right as a trivet," was the ostenta tiously cheerful reply. " Did you light a candle and put it out just now, sir ?" " Of course I did. We like the moon light best. You had better come along, you and Bowe, and sleep up here near us." " Thank you, sir. Ifs very comfortable outside, sir." " All right. Please yourselves. Good night •• Good-night, sir!" Wingate turned from the window, and he and Nettie made their bed by the light of the moon. They made it within the monstrous four-poster that had been Lexie's marriage couch for the few sad and splendid weeks that seemed to have been her last; the hair mattress and the big down pillows were dry and whole some - smelling, for something seemed to have preserved the air in this room fresher than that of the rest of the house—a circumstance, however, which did not strike them at the time. As they spread their inadequate blankets and linen, and tucked the old silk curt tin back behind the bedhead and the wall, they talked of various matters but they never mentioned Lexie. When all preparations were made they were still reluctant to go to bed. They sat together on Lexis's sofa in the window, and let the cool,dean air flow over them. They gazed at the high, clear sky and the beautiful moon-touched clouds, at the wide-branching " English " trees that were : such a constant joy, and those majestic angles of wall with the ivy on them, the wet leaves twinkling where they caught the light. They sniffed the perfume of the rain, exhaled from earth and flowers, the sweetest of all sweet thingB to an Aus tralian nose. And, with their late un settled nerves composed, they remembered they were bride and bridegroom, and that, wherever they were, they carried their home shrine with them, as the snails, now coming out in such myriads, carried their shells upon their backs. " It only wantB a nightingale to make it perfect," eighed Netcie, slowly drawing hairpins from her chestnut plaits. The nightingale had done his courting for that year; he was gone—only just gone, and would be heard no more in English gardens till April came again. But her lover beside her had no difficulty in proving to her that nightingales were, after all, superfluous. At about midnight they lit the candle once more. Wingate opened the door to take a last look into the corridor, and be fore he shut it laid a piece of paper over the outer keyhole, and stuck it down with some strips torn from the edge of a sheet' of postage stampB. Then, locking it inside with the greatest care, he placed the key by the bedside, along with candle and matches and the loaded revolver. They extinguished the light, and, feeling safe and satisfied, lay down to sleep in each other's arms. (To be Continued). 