THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. . On Thursday afternoon, our representa tive made his way to the humble home of Mr.1 Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimb. He I was discovered nursing a year- old babv. and lus face declared him to be : one of the happiest men in . Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the 'd'dor. Although pale and bearing still the 'marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on (herapidroad to convalescence. . In reply to. the preliminary questions, he said/ "You want to know all ; about my icase ? Well, I am glad Of an opportunity to'-tell you, the facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." . " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off Work,' and I have done nothitig since then. About five years ago, next- Christmas, I met . with J an acci dent ; I wa-s badly scalded while taking a bath in Put-street, Sydney. Since the acci dent I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual 'development of the malady, ! was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible; They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else.; I . .was incessantly shivering and shaking, And ; could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd \- March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case :was utterly hope less. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable-Institutions." ' ' " Did you make use of the order ?" No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. . Five weeks ago I could not walk acrpss the . floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I should give up the ghost.'-: My doctor was attending me, and did all he - could by bpium and '-ffiorphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six::weeks;: He; Came to the conclusion that I was suffering frpm Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spiiial cord, ohaiac- ised by peculiar- disturbances' of gait, and difiioulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might . last for ten' years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just theii ' 'the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible). : Well, just as a drowning man will.grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea coffveyed by the adver tisement, "describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which 1 read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Willialm8' Pink Pills for Pale People. , I read in the advertisement of a base which seemed to fit my ownr I determined to give te Pink Pills: a Trial anyway , tthd: aent 'f or a box/-. The .effect was as marvellous as it was magioal. I was able to eat and sleep as thoagb. nothing was the matter with me. . It was\ the first appetite .and - rest ; I had for mah'y" "a day. It was' incredible; ' 1 imme diately left the .-bed and iiwas able to move about. I have taken four boxeB. ..of Pink Pills during the past four' weeks, and am' now taking the fifth box. I cap walk about with the1- aid of my stick, And ffffi- gradually, but, surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see ihbse crutches there.-? They are perfectly neW and I - have never used them. They, were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but, I was. too weak to qbei them; and now I "don't want. thbm!: All' I want now is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regain- ing my strength." " ''i He is 100 per cent, better," .said Mrb.- Jarvis, who had come in and .taken the baby. on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another. man of him." A friend who .oallediin at this point, said that Jarvis 'looked ten years younger that . day than he did a fortnight previously. \- - i«"I can now," continued JarviB,; " have aicold bath, and all 'the ifeelin'g has oome \- in. my legs. If I keep pnVgoing the way ! am. I hope to be able to resume work .as a . " boilffr-mak'er, and you know ,1 h:jtve to be in ' the pink of health 'ahd strenjgth to work at ' that trade. I am better to-day than I have!' been at any time during the past five years. . Iascribe allthe:changeand benefittothese HO T j--i r ! I »i. . Pink Pills. They have saved' my""lifer"T" am in no pain ..now, whatever, and feel like a' new min: ' Off the mantelpiece ; thpre1 is .a box of opium and morpha pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are! for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite j a sensation out "here."- A Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing curies wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease; also the many disorders which arise from an im-, provished state of the blood, such as ansemia- pale and shallow complexion, general muscu lar weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath; pains in the -back, nervous headache, etc. 