SWAZILAND. /T' ESTERDAT a 'Star' re / porter had the pleasure of r an internet? wdtli Mr. Von 'Weilligh, formerly Stale Sur veytfr-General, who (has just re* turned from Swaziland. The returned traveller was full of news, and willingly parted with it wiien questioned. 'I have some newe,' ne began, 'w.niea will Be of interest to Mr. Cham berlain, namely, that in Swazi larrni end different carts of the Transvaal, I lave encountered no less than thirty new varieties of orchids, which have nefev yet been cultivated. One of these possesses a bulb =cented something like eau-de-cologne, and pos sessing the largest flower I Have seen, amongst the South African orchids. In Swaziland I .found at least eigM new lilies. One of these ds called ?by the Swazis Umfana aanacetwana, and when it ie partaken of the incautious eater froths at the mouth and falls, into convulsions, which speedily end In death. Tie lilies were pure white, with dark purple inside; yellow; with tae same internal oolor'ng; light jmik, pink, and crimson. Instead of t' uaual arrow-shaped leaf, two varie ties had tT M and oblong elliptical leaves respec tively I ?? and also a lily of the valley in Swazi land of f beautiful orange color. Gladiola were in lavish -* -.ladance, including the green giant, with ?leaves 31n .;;j-;£.lengtb. Water- lilies of all kinds were lo t» ' iound, though it was sometimes h'ard to secure, specimens. I afeked a kaffir to go into a certain -pool for a lily, and offered him £10, but She replied that he wouldn't go in for ten oxen. Crocodiles? Yes; the place was swarming with them A particularly .beautiful item I came across was a tree covered all over with white flowers bordered with Ted. It must be very rare. Hun dreds oi the rarest ferns are constantly met with. Por instance, Osmundia repalis fetches about 7s 6d a piece in Capetown; but where I was you could take away waggon loads of it. Of course, there was every varifety of tree-fern. A very striking bird ds to be found about the parts I was engaged an surveying. It is only beard singing when the sun is setting, and -then it runs clean up the diatonic scale, being answered«4n the distance by its mate. Many bards' of remarkable plumage, and several of the pigeon 'kind, wMeh I Jiave never seen before, frequent the groves. I was especially interested in a variety of green pigeons.' 'What about game?' 'Game is (fast disappearing, but the Pongola reserve is still full. There are- also plenty x)f all kinds of animals in the dense forests of the Iiebongo flats, -which the Boera call * stables ' .because the hunted beasts can run there and be safe.' 'What is the feeling of the Swazis towards this Republic?' 'They are divided in their views, a great number of them approving of the Republic. You see the King— Bunu — has largely lost his influence. The other day he raided some cattle belonging to natives. The latter ap ?pealed io the police, and the «attle were restored. Bunu ? indignantly asked the natives bow they dared appeal to the white man against him, and they told him to his face that they intended to remain under the white man's protection.' 'How did his Majesty like .-that?' 'He did not like it. Well, Ihe thought out otlier schemes of annoyance when the raa'ding* was checked. For instance, at. a -time of the year when the- crops were not reap able Ihe ordered all the new children to come, to his kraal. Naturally, several died on the way, and a considerable number more died, when Bunu, alarmed at the eight of the attenuated balance, killed oxen and overfed them with 'meat. The old kaffirs say, 'He'e killing us, &nS; we have no further use for Jiiin.' Now ihe is sending round to ask for oxen on the ground that, lie has driven away the locusts. The kaffirs reply that the locusts anp stall as bad as ever, and as he obviously, canndt drive them away, they will not pay (him.' 'Did you hear anything about witchcraft?' 'Oh, yes; smelling out still goes on merrily. One evening at sundown, at a place mot 500 yards from Where any camp was, a small' impi went and killed a itan and ihis-aged mother, because a child had died miles away. The poor people, of course, kneV nothing about the child; but they ihad been 'smelt out' as having bewitched it. In such a case tie killed man's wives are not allowed to cry loud, l^o kaffirs will handle' the corpses. In the present instance tiie bodies were shovelled into a shallow grave and left.. In a few days the stench was unendurable, and it was revolting to see the dogs ibuay upoa the remains. The police ultimately ?buried the. remains. Government, ' under the Swa ziland Convention) does, not interfere in such inat iters, which are only between black and blaeicr^ 'Have you anything to remark on the minerals of Swaziland?' 'Merely tiat I saw any quantity of coal.' Some beds were over 6ft exposed, 'and even then I could not see' the bottom. That must be the nearest ' coal ' to Delagoa, and it is black and light as a feather. Yes,' Mr. .Von Weilligh went on, in a' retrospective way, 'you should see the crocodiles — plentiful as frogs. The kaffirs told me £hat a hunter came down with six dogs. -the other day, and he. only took. one back. The big ttizards had the rest Then there is the lemur, or machtaiapje. In the -yellow trees at nigttt ? they will cry like little childrenT-the fiound,is so ^exactly like that that it would deceive, anyone. .They ifrighten the little nigger chatf'dren by telling them the' ghosts are calling from the woods.' — ^ 'Johan-» nesburg .Star,' May 22. ... . - ? 