Pleasant Sundays. * : The second meeting in connection with the pleasant Sunday afternoons inaugurated by the Methodist Chufrch, was held in the Mechanics' Institute on Mr. day afternoon, when a large and appreciative audienoe assembled. The subject was "Sunday Observance," and Mr Liaman', of Perth, gave a thrilling and earnest address. He pointed out the necessity of ths Sabbath being fcept Intact. The present method of Sabbath observance was enough to make men and angels weep, and he trusted that very soon a most emphatic protest against this business would be entered, speaking as a business man, he would warn the young men that they were allowing the thin edge of the wedge to be used, and presently their employers would turn round and say that if they were able to play football, &c.; ( on Sundays they were quite as able to go to business, and he was sorry to say there were men in their midst who would no£ scjuple to open their business on the Loid's day. He would not say that in the past there was not an excuse for young men needing recreation when they had to work from early morning till late at night, but now they enjoyed all the privileges of the eastern colonies in having the half holiday and six o'clock closing, there was not the ghost of an excuse for the desecration of the Sabbath. He said we were spoken about all over the world for our progressiveness, but he was very s irry to say that in the old land an<i the other colonies we were spoken about as the worst of babbath breakers. The rev A. S. J. Fry trusted the time would come when tbe sacredness of the Sabbath would be observed, and pledged himself that so long as be was in Coolgardie he would take his stand against the immorality and other evils that, filled our city. During the afternoon Mis Fry played One of Mendelsohn's sonatas, the Misses Mather gave two duets, and Mr H. J. Tuckfield sang a so o, which were all cordially received. A league Wos inaugurated, and about 60 persons gave their names as mem- * bers. The South Australian pigeon shot, Mr James Hawker, of Adelaide, has won the £150 Cup given by the Gun Club. 