WONDERFUL WOMAN; OB, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. vrS MAT AGNES FLEMING. . of "Wea, Yet No Wife," "Norine," "Baronet's Bride." Etc.. CHAPTER VIII-—(Continued.) vou are beaten, after all, Mrs ' .or" and by Katherine Dangeria! Tour same of chess meant more * ' ~ame of chess. Is it emblematic? fearfully and wonderfully plucky, Will she come off ,[!= cousin of mine. Yirtorioc! res at other games than chess, I ^ae'Tooted up at him for one mamfent, assion, the rase, the hatred, jnaall the pa: mouldering within ' her. burst forth. " -I'll crash her!" she cried, in a furnhi"=per. "I'll crush her! And feW vfflV near now ' This ls on,y more item added to the long ac- J owe lier. She shall with pay off compound interest, all uttermost farthin. -j -uid nil sub Ftab through liim." Peter Dan- ,-rfeId said, darkly: "the surest blow f' oan strike is the , one that ,- proves „ 7f s ha lie traitor and fortune-hunter he ® ! believe In mv soul it would be her strip her of all-all—lover, name even. I will wait until her «diins-day. strike home then. im°n her cup of bliss is fuUest and at Hr very lil'f- I "hall dash it down. And, nV brilliant. haughty, high-spirited t?';....fF 0[ Srarsmood, how will it be „-Uh you. then?"' Sir Jolin v.-as in his place—a* darkly, nwdy. host, amid the lights, the flowf;5 j'lid the vines. Mrs Vavasor was even in higher spirits than usual. Mr psr,;enield was talkative and agreeable. Katherine was happy, and dis- (o l>e at peace with the world and ill therein, even Mrs Vavasor. She loved, she was loved—all life's greatest happiness is said in that. For Mr Danjrgf, be was simply delightful. He tol item inimitable stories of life in .the ftu'Jiem States, until even grim S John relaxed into interest, and after dftoer. in the drawing-room, Dantree ans his favorite after-dinner song, -IVhen the wine-cup is sparkling before as," in his delicious voice, that enchantea even those who hated him most. The j>!ti:e siowi in ą shadowy recess down at ihf extremity of the long room—Katherine aid Mr Dantree had it all to them selves. Mrs Vavasor was busy with some flimsy feminine handiwork. Mr Dangerfield sat beside her, turning over a boot of photographs, and Sir John, back in his easy chair, kept his eyes closed as though asleep. His face trore a worn look of care—he was TOtehins those two shadowy figur at the piano, and as he listened to this msn's voice, so thrillingly sweet—as he looted at his face — the lamp-light streaming on his dusk Spanish beauty -be scarcely wondered at Katherine's infatuation. "Fairer than a woman, and more unstable than water," he thought, bitterly: "and this is the reed she has chosen toHan upon through life! My poor little Hii'l.:-. and I am powerless to save you —aless 1 speak, and tell all. Heaven hyp yen if this man ever finds out the rri" " "Si? ais sjmeUjiPc Scotch, Gasft5,"£aUierine said. Ste was seated in a low, easy-chair, dss beside him, her hands lying idly in ter lap, lier head back among the cushions. It was characteristic of this young lady that she had never done a stitch of fancy work in her life. She ires quite idle now, perfectly happy, JisWiPo to the howling of the October aerta in the park, and ilr Dantree's squisite singing. "Sing something Scotch— a ballad. If 1 have a weakness, which is doubtful, S is for Scotch songs." Mr Dantree heard but to obey. He ran lis fingerslightly over the keys, smiled slightly to himself, and glanced fcallmaliciously at the girl's supremely-contested face. "How wen phased she looks," he thought. "I wonder if I cannot change tha: blissful expression. Many women lave done me the honor to fall in love łith me. but I don't think any of them *tre quite so hard hit as you—not even excepting Marie." He played a prelude in a plaintive m»or key, wonderfully sweet, with a understrata, quite heart-breaknr. and sang. His face changed and his voice took a pathos none j e 1115 bearers had ever heard before: "A weary lot is thine, fair maid— A weary lot is thine! To pull the thorn thy brow to braid. And press the rue for wine. : A lightsome eye, a soldier's mien, A leather of the blue, A tablet of the Lincoln green- • "ore of me you knew. My love, 0 more of me you knew. "This morn is merry June, I trow, r„, l rose ^ budding fain, MUhe shall bloom in winter snow aewetwx) meet again! Cpon the river shore; • Ato!?^6 re^ns a shake, and said: tor evermore, My love Adien for evermore!" nf * r ISW-J- the die uiai last He .had change of thai sensitive face ^Wc.ItTj,.^ against tie tmmthe aiT^ he He arose Ihte^™ ^ ^bite as a ghost. ' ^haZ j to death. Which r^ -Twr ^ J ; as she rose, t*«2 C^T***- Gaston ' bu » tetaehe h 5 has ^ ^ me the su«?estive, I eupttar^? 5 , ^ ^nian's bro- !^aatsonETgSn° eX ' er t0 Łear yOU b ^ L T ^ ?!^ 0 gentlemen her lefL ^Vavasor ken P ^ent up the fer ruby silk t gleaming m lurid splendor darIinS- How ke to, 6 dl,ld looks - And you It^th?16 Mr last linj ^ so the Eugee. ee s T«L et r sitae h^if a u » olc RBLrS*", now_ and then- "Wtok " 1,neht loa ks back ' for ans- man 1 <»mplerion 15rorth it ~ th / re isn't one. on i lighL'm Goodnight." « asoiaier's mien, green. . io JWth 01 you knew!" ®'ast backward glance, ana' still singing the ominous song, brilliantli-ae Mre Vavasor vanished Mr Gaston Dantree rode back "to his temporary home at Morecambe in very excellent spirits. What an uncommonly good-looking, fascinating sort of fellow he roust be .that all the women should lose their heads for him In this fashion. Surely the .gods who presided over his destiny must have been in a most propitious mood when they created him their bright particular star. "I've always heard it is better to be born lucky than rich, and, gadUI believe it," muttered Mr Dantree to himself as he rode. "'I was born a pauper. My mother vended apples in the streets of New York; and my father—well, the less said about him the better. He bequeathed me his good looks, his voice, and his-—loose-fitting morality. XJntil the age of eight I ran wild about the streets; then my pretty face, and curly head, and artistic way of singing 'Oh, Susannah!' attracted the attention of Mrs Weymore, rich, childless, sentimental, good-natured, and—a fool. I was sen* to school, tricked out in velvet and ruffles, kissed, praised, petted, flattered, spoiled by all the ladies, young and old, who visited my foster mamma; and, by Jove; they've been at it ever since. Then at sixteen came that ugly little episode of the forged cheque. That was hushed up. Then followed the robbery of Mrs Weymore's diamonds, traced clearly home to me. They would not overlook that. I inherited my lightfingered proclivities from my father as well as the-good laolis they praised- ,)ut ttey wouldn't take that siQerition. Then for four years there was the living by my wits—doing a little of everj-thuig under Heaven. Then came New Orleans and my new, and I flatter myself, taking cognomen of Gaston Dantree, my literary ventures, and their success in their way. And then, after throe years more, came old De Lansac and Marie—poor little Marie' I thought I had found the purse of F01- tunatus then, when, lo! the old fool must up and get married. And, as if that weren't enough, there must follow an heir, wid adieu to all Marie's hopes and mine. Then I crossed the Atlantic to try my luck on this side the pond, and I believe I've accomplished my destiny at last, as Lord of Scars wood, at eight thousand a year. I believe 1 shall be a square peg, fitting neat and trim into a square (hole. Katherine's a drawbackexacting, and romantic,, and all that d bosh—but everything as we wish it is ir not for this world below. The old gentleman will die shortly. I shall take the name of Dantree Dangerfield, sink the Gaston, and live happy for ever after." Mr Dantree was still singing that ballad of the faithless lover as he ran lightly up stairs to his room. He threw off his wet overcoat, poked the fire, turned up the lamp, and saw on the table a - letter. Now, a letter to the handsome tenor singer was not an agreeable sight Letters simply meant duns, or else He snatched it up with an oath. This was no dun; it was something even worse. It was superscribed in a woman's hand, es and was postmarked New Orleans. "From Marie, by Jupiter!" he ex claimed, blankly. "Now, how the dev— Ah, I have it It came to my address in London, and the publishers have forwarded it here. Shall I open it, or pitch it into the fire unread? Deuce take all women! Can they never let a fellow alone? What a paradise earth would be without them!" He did not throw the ietter Into the fire, however. He threw himself into an easy-chair instead, stretched forth his splashed riding-boots to the blaze and tore it open. It had the merit of being brief, at least, and remarkably to the point; New Orleans, Sept 16. Gaston,—Are you never going to write? —are you never coming back.? , Are you 111, or are yoti faithless? The last surely. It would be in -keeping with all the rest Does your dead silence mean that I am deserted, and forever ? If so, only say it, and you are free as the wind that blows. I will never follow you—never ask aught of you. No man alive, though he were ten thousand times more to me than you have been, shall ever be sued for fidelity by me. Come or stay, as you choose; this is the last letter I shall ever trouble you with. Return this and all my .other letters,my picture.also, if I am deserted. But, oh, Gaston ! Gaston 1 have I deserved this?- MARIE. Tkat WAs alL The woman's heart of the writer had broken forth in that last sentence, and she had stopped, fearing to trust herself. Mr Dantree read It •over, looking very calm and handsome in the leaping firelight "Plucky little girl!" was his-finishing comment; "it is hard lines on her, after all that's past and gone. But there's no help for it Marie. 'I have learned to love another, I have broken every vow, we have parted from each • other, and your heart is lonely now,' and all that sort of thing. I wonder If I ever had a heart! I doubt it I'm like a Minerva; a heart was left out in my make-up; I never tras really in love in my life, and I don't want to be. Women are very well as. stepping-stones to fortune, fame, ambition: but for love in the abstract—bail! But poor little Marie ! if I ever did approach the spooney. It wels for her; if I have It in me to care for anything or anybody but myself it Is forher." And then Mr Dantree produced a little black pipe, loaded it to the muzzle, struck a. fusee, and fell back again to enjoy himself. He looked the picture of a luxurious Sybarite, lounging negligently among the cushions before the genial fire. "And I know shell keep her word," he muttered, reflectively. *'No action at law, no avenger on the track In this case, Gaston, my boy; ^11 nice and smooth,. and sgoing on velvet That's a good idea about sending back the letters and photograph, ni act upon it at onće. A. married man's a fool'who keeps such souvenirs of his bachelorhood loose about And Kathle Isn't the sort of girl, either, to stand thatepecies of nonsense; she's proud 'as the deuce, as becomes the daughter of an old soldier, and as jealous as the devil." Mr Dantree arose, and, crossing . to •where his writing-case lay, unlocked it and produced a. package, -neatly tied np with blue ribbon. They -were lettersonly, a wojnan'e letters—in the . same hand as that of to-night,'and in their midst of a photograph.; He took this lat. ter up and looked at It. It was the face of a girl in ber first youth, ft daddy, piquant face, with two. large eyes looking at you from waving masses of dark hair—a handsome! Impassioned face, proud and spirited. . And Gaston, Dantree's bard, coldly, bright brown eyes grew almost tender as he gazed. "Poor chBd!" he eia— - łK>ór !lttie giri! How prdtty ahe used to .look In bra; misty white dresses, her laces/ -the creamy roses she u&ed; to wear. faer dosk cheeks flushed, and her blg^blae* eyes like stars! Poor little Chińgl and she-would "have laid a princely fortune at my feet "with her heart and hańd/If that old feaiow, her grandfather hadn't done her oht'.ot it- And I would have "been a very good husband,as ImBbands^go, tolltttle ^Marte,i -which Is ihore Mi»nTfl«yó'łe 4o Ibis otherjone. : Ahf'vreU! ^4euMt,'#aajBLlI: He'replatx-d 3thepfa»h^ra^h,'fldSed tSe last letter to tbe otke^ ^ ^ 'tben -supl HMtty" in"a«)H!et ; 'or -itotte paper, eeatea «,„ , f; : • . . . .. thepacket with red wax, and wrote the address in a. firm, clear, hand. Mdlle. Marie de Lansac, Sue de ——, New Orleans) Louisiana. "TU post this to-morrow," Mr Dantree said, .putting it in the pocket of his overcoat; "and now I'll' seek my balmy couch and woo the god of slumber. I daresay it will be as successful as the rest of my wooing." Mr Dantree undressed himself Ieisurely, as he did all things, and went to ked. But sleep did not come all at once; he lay awake, watching the leaping firelight flickering on the wall, and thinking. "What if, after all, now, something were to happen,' as I were to' be dished again, as I was in the New Orleans affair?" he thought. "By George, it was enough to make a man cut his own throat or—old De Lansac's. A million dollars to a dead certainty—Marie solę heiress, Marie dying for me. And then he must go and get married—confound him ! I can't think Sir John Dangerfield is dotard enough for that; but still, delays are dangerous. HI strike while the iron is hot HI make Kathleen name the day to-morrow, by Jove ! Once my wife, and I'm safe. .Nothing can happen then, unless—heavens and earth—unless Marie should -appear.'upon the scene, as they do on the stage, and denounce me." And then ^Dantree paused aghast, and stared blankly at the fire. "It's'not ia the least likely, /though," he conUnued: . Marie is not that sort of woman. ' I believe, by George, if she met me a week after she gets the letters back, she would look me straight between the eyes, and cut me dead. No, Marie never will speak; she could go to the scaffold, with her head up, and Her big eyes flashing defiance; and it's a very lucky thing for me she's that sort Still, it will be a confoundedly ugly thing if she ever hears of me again, either as Dantree Dangerfield or the heiress of Scarswood's fiancee. She might speak to save Katherine. But no;" and then Mr Dantiee turned over, with a yawn, at last on his pillow! "Who ever heard of one woman saving another? Men do, but women—never ! I'll have the wedding-day fixed to-morrow, and it shall be speedily." 