SAYINGS AND DOINGS, Bagpipes After Dinner. > Beeovery of Lost Treasure. A Cycle Capriole for the Amoep, r, -A backblocks wool waggon and a Sydney omnlkrus are named Trilby. A strange fad that Is gaining ground In England Is the playing of the bag pipes by _iadtes after dinner. It was introduced in Jjondoii a few weeks ago 1 by Lady Elspeth Campbell, grand daughter of the Duke of Argyll, and jiuw sue nas several imitators. It Is brought from the Highlands, of course, where the playing of the pipes by the piper of the house has long been the accepted ceremonial for the conclusion of dinner among the great families. The pipes that ladies play In England are richly decorated and,, It may be as well to add, specially tonsd down for draw ing-room use. We do not usually look to Afghanis tan for fashions, but the "cycle car riage" ordered liy the Ameer, who, having been seined' with the prevalent taste, wants to indulge it in true Orien tal, lazy style, may possibly (writes Miranda" in the "Ladles' Pictorial") set a new fashion in biking for luxuri ous Londoners. The machine consists of a kind of miniature victoria, with steering bar and treadles; but the oc cupant has only to loll at his ease with his feet 011 the latter, while the work of pedalling Is done by two riders who occupy the saddles at the rear of the machine.This extraordinary vehicle Is, In short, a kind of horseless carrlage- cum-bike, just the kind of thing In which a modern John Gilpin might take his "loving spouse" and family out for the day without fear of blowing them up with petroleum. By . the way, the Queen Regent of Spain, still more up to date, has had a motor carriage In the shape of a victoria, built for her in Lon don. A curious story of' the recovery of a lost treasure eome3 from Leatherhead. Some seven years ago Mrs. Palmer, the wife of a jeweller In that town, was one day In the act of throwing some crumbs to the swans in the lake at Fetcliam, when a valuable gold ring which sho was wearing slipped from her linger and wont into shallow water with the crumbs. All attempts to recover the article were fruitless at the time, but a day or two since a lad who was walk ing by the lake amusing himself with testing the depth of the water with his walking stick, suddenly observed that some glittering substance was fast ened on to the end of the stick. On ex amination it turned out to be a ring. Me thereupon took it to the shop of Mr. Palmer to ascertain the value of It. Mr. Palmer at once recognised it as the lost ring of his wife, little injured by it3 seven years' Immersion. It was duly re stored to the lady, the finder being suitably rewarded; After all, says the Westminster "Ga zette," Lord Lelgliton's house, including the priceless Arab hall, is to be preserv ed for the nation. Some months ago a movement was sot on foot for the pur chase of the house, but, unfortunately, was not attended by success. In spite of the failure of the movement publicly, a small body of friends have never ceased their labours on behalf of the project, and, thanks to them antl to the generosity of the late P.K.A.'s sisters- Mrs. Sutherland Orr and Mrs. Mathews —the beuutifril house in Holland Park- road Is to be offered as a'gift to the na tion, subject only to an assurance that the house will be suitably maintained and that the Arab hall is to be per manently preserved as it was at the time of Lord Leigliton's death last January. The rehabilitation of the opal pro ceeds apace. Sir Walter Scott, in "Anne of Goierstein," dealt tills stone a blow that was weighted with superstition, and from which, says a fashion gossip In the "Daily News," it is only beginning to recover. Its exquisite beauty is a strong factor in restoring it to favour, and many a Christmas present this year will have the opal for its centre. Exports declare that It should always be combined with the emerald In order to ho seen at its best. The show of jewels in the West End shop windows is suggestive of the gift season. The ruby is still the most costly stone of all. The sapphire and emerald stand on ari equal plane. Pearls are always In de mand, and play the part of moon to the diamonds role of sun. Five-row dog- collars of pearl are clasped with bars of diamonds. "Ropes" of pearls linng loosely from a diamond- brightened fas- toning. Pearl girdles have again ap peared, the tnsselled ends caught with jewels in a manner that would have en chanted Disraeli. "Flowers are very convenient," said a man of society to a writer in the "Illustrated American." "Suppose, for instance, it is desirable at the last mo ment to break a dinner engagement from choice or necessity. If the note which explains your sudden call out of town is accompanied by a box of roses, the lady feels less sting, and you miss much of her displeasure. Or suppose the girl you admire is going abroad, and you are diffident about suggesting a correspondence. Flowers sent to the steamer will arrange the whole thing for you. The' recipient must acknow ledge them, you answer the note she posts from the first port at which the steamer stops, ajid the desired corres pondence is established. Then there Is the birthday for which you- forget to purchase a gift, or the social debt you owe. Some handsome llowers will take the place of these things, and give you the reputation of being a man of tnste."- Mr, John Kent, In his "Records and. Reminiscences of Goodwood and the Dukes of Rlohmond," recalls the story relating to the fifth Duke's famous mare Dandlzette, showing by what un lucky chance she lost the Goodwood Stakes in 1824: — "Mr. C. Grcvllle, who was judge, was seated on an' erection so far above the level of the course that' Dandlzette passed unnoticed by him two or three lengths In front of VI- tellina and Ghost, which were running on the opposite side of the course. Ghost hung so much upon Vltellina as to endanger her being driven against the rails, which so attracted Mr. Gre- vlllo's attention that he did not sec Dandlzette; and Boyce, who rode the mare, asked Mr Greville If he did not win, stating that, although he passed the P03t first by some lengths, he could have increased the load had he felt so disposed So apparent was the error that Lord Verulam (the owner of Vi tellina) offered the Duke of Richmond the stakes, stating he was perfectly sa tisfied ho was not entitled to them, as tho Goodwood mare won easily enough. His Grace, thanking Lord Verulam for his honourable . offer, de clined it, saying, whatever his private opinion might be, they must abide the decision' of the judge, which was final. The Earl ol' Burlington approached his Grace and said, "Although you have won the race, It lias been/given against you by a judge who Is a Newmarket " man above all things" The disap pointments in racing are proverbially numerous, but few have been greater than tho above, which was borne by his Grace with the placidity that charac terised him through life. Lord Dunwlch was greatly annoyed with Mr. Grevllle's error, holding that in one with so much experience In racing such a mistake was unpardonable.' The fifth Duke's winnings during the whole of his rac ing career are said to have amounted to £112,000. His Gaco once pub licly declared in the House of Lords that "ho did not bet, and he objected to a great deal of the betting which tools place upon the turf," 