iTHlE ? I;kUNTES D YMINE. [BY JAmIE. O'DxooaCuE.J CHAPTER VITT. T5il REV. JOSEPII ESSATS SOME DIFFICULT S. OW- SHOEINS WITH A.NYTHING BOUT Irov.ied eat:ih ith a rair of long wooden ,,t w-.shes, the company quitted tih, hoase or tiir ighostly search, and wended their way acr?.s tCl level ground to the fot:hills. teyoynl s hich the rugged anow-clad slopes of Berrigum reared themselves. The base of the hilis w;; ,on reachn!. and their ascent be-aan. Bill l ,d the way along a narrow path that wound tortuously uo the face of the spur. Here and theet the long, slender, and anew-laden stem of the hazel obstructed the pabth. The slightest touch, hoovrer, caused tihe sn:w to slide from their dull, green tops, and the asom to regain its natural trstion withl a spri:g. "I ex csedieglyrregrer, "' anted Bill, as he eoated himstel on an 'outcropping boulder and wiped tile perspiration from his face, " 'hat tile developmtnt of the Caucasian did not cease whilst they retatind some of ! the scansotial abilities of the Qutadrumana, for the old proverb, ' a stout hitart for a steep hill,' is quite inadequate to assist one whet ec:-linl? the slopes hlre:sbeots. One needs the climbing powers of a tmonkey. combined wish lungs like a smith's beolows, and tnuscles butittmng Hercules. ii Sisyphuses' inclhning plane were half ns st?e as this, I have no difli culty in out.dlui:.g that the task set him would beh camp etod in the same tiue as ore would take to reach the top of a tread milL'" " I infer from your remarks that you are a b.l:ever in the evolution theory," observed the Rev Joseph Cook. " Your conclusions are not at fault," re jinmd Bill, who scented the approach of bittle, and was all agog. to revel in the fray. " Do you then," querie the minister, " cast from you all those endear ing religious truths you learnt at your parents kr:ee, and gather to your horsom those deadly ilolarrous doctrines of 19th century scienttists '" 'Certainly." " Why so ?" " For the simple reason that there is mere sense it: their assertions than in those of inspired virito;s." "Foolish young fellow ! I nman's exaiten:aon this sphere t hbe likened to that of the lower orders of creation I Is thete na.ught after d.~th. Assuredly thereis somethin. Ahlt I I have you en the hip now." I doubt it, leconically observed Bill, as he gravely examuined the contents of his cigarette case. What will occur to all of tus here present in the ordinary course of Nature ? asked the Rev. Joseph, with a grandi loquent movement of his right arm and a contraction of the superior rectlu muscle of the eyes. Death ! sepulchrally rejoined Bill, at the same tune niaking such a lugubrious countenance as to cause the ladies to explode with laughter. Very welL What after death ? Litea shirt, coffin, six feet of earth, and probably a headstone and epitaph for the corpse. Grog. cake and craps for the mourners. " Willie." exclaimed Mona in a eshcked tone, " how can you be so indurated at such a thetne I" The Rev Jo.eph Cook stood air dit. Such i--overence to tile Divine an-t want of respect for that state of exist, nce whoich christians. the world orer, sneak of in sorrow and d: ad, had never before been his lot to witness. Dick Rousley and his wife laug'hed in unison, whilst the cause of it all lolled agaitnst the boulder, puffing a recently lighted cigar rette. It, is of no use my dear biss Bolton remarked thoe Rev. Joseph, after a lengthened pause, to ape ,k of the Divine to Mr. William, or to incr'cale him with a dread of the fiend and his snares. It is palpable he and the tenets of the Christian religion have met att?hve parting of the wayslengsince. Alas !Alas ! How true is the saying " A little learning is a dangerous thing." You are right the nonce, parson. Long since I have ceased to support a calling of white collared, frock coated, canting, in dolent spongers who embrace religion as a voiation merely to escape the immunityof working for a crust, and to lirve like drones onth'e hard earned produce of their fellowj men. "Willie." once mere admonished Mtoa Faugh ! exclaimed the individual admenistied I am sick of talking. Let us up and nta''e another effort to scale this sour and interview the sirits of the Wombat 'nine. As he ceased speaking he cast away his eigarratte and strode off once more along the track. A few minutes later the party, beaded in per spiratieni and panting lis sateamn tugs, gained the apex of the spur. Myv dear Miss Bolto. observed tVe parson behtween his labeourid asps, does not the view, which new extends before us. remind youn of your conceived id,.as of the seinsiternal hill is. iorardise 1 Da n?nation ! g:rewled BiR!. \Whtht.r he was consiging theL snow-shoe h held in his hand at that momosni. or the Rev. Josephl Cook to per. dition, it wouild ho hbrd to say. At all events, lena. after knitting her brows in a warning frown at her iuture lord and master, informed the Rev. Joseph that lhr iieas of rithe elysinm of eternal ,liss, parthook I mere of these depicted by Addison in the vision of Mirza. " Here, drop such cant and allow me to affix i-throe snow skewn te yiour seOts." inter posed rill. lic ca;iy when golug down the spur an.d avoil the hbalders or tunyhap yea will nmike an rleatant corpse of your self. Do not heed him my dear Miss Boiton for Iam assured, that no danger canl menace you down such a snow swarthed plane. I an not afraid, I assure you, repied Mtona glancing down the long snowy siope, at the foot of which Berrigumn rose abrupt;y skyward. Bill quickly allixed the long s under saow shoes to M1an1's boots, and as hastily fastened on his own pair, and malde himself ready for the rapid ds.:ent. Obo, two, three short preliminary slides, then threwing thle whole weigiitof his bedy into Ihis stride he shot d.wn the spur with the rapidlity of a- arrow, the asew flakesspurftitg front the nose of the shoes, like water before the prew of an outrigger. Mrs. Rlousley anld IMona, who nweo both proficientin the art of shering down a slope, were next to fallow Bill's lead, Dick bringing ub the rear. Whether It was from nervousness 'or an inordinate longing to show his snow shoring abilities to Mana, that induced the Rev. Joseph Cook to procastinate the breathless side down sLe spur till all had reached the bottom, I will not undertake to statet, but if it were the latter, he succseaed in creating as im pressmon which, if not exactly what" was intunded, was at least, lasting. After giving thbe orbicular glasses of hIis gold rimmed spectacles a polish, with aspctless cambric handkerchief, and tloes replacing theim with more than usual care on the bridge of his lone aqualine nose, he buttoned up his black "flogger" and tightened the shiileg beaver that graced his head--then-witn clenced hands and teeth he made a terrific bound from a littio mi dancedown the lope. With the velocity of a mletleor, the Rav. Joseph ha1l negutated the firse? ili ,of tile decent aed tile iitial portion of the last in safety, when an ntltak-e for accident marred wha t otherwte; would hIltave eei a record tra~niir. Ir.te ad of fiillowbig the course taken by his co,n tpions lb, aolected one more to thie lft. Dowe the slope, with the rctsidiir of a faTlln sto0e he catme towar.inS the little group ar the b:lae who w e::tcitdi is ::ieaalong descent n ith surprise mad .we. S is.aienl there was acrsli the Rev. JoS!il wa. seena to doancribe two circlea in the air :ail to ;and with as alplomab on the snow samnt twenty yards ,i-stant frpm the boulder tihat had wrougiht his discomfiture. Ha ! ha !i hl-a ! 11o l ha ! ho-s ! crcd Bill, thro:intg himself at full l.ingth on the slnow when.ra e liooic with piroxyvms el laughter. What a beauty ' Pride must have a fall, sib Mebna. HIe tas no, pride now judging by his a;pl.aranes, observed liuona. Nor much breas h, I warrant, exchlined Bill bursting into fresh eachiniatinit on obsering the parson gain a si:ting posture, and place his mtand to his diaphragam. Burning with a desire to retrieve his mishap by a daeirm andi succes-fult effort, the Rer. Joseph, on gaining his equilibrium, once mere prepared himself for a rapid transit down th- remaining portion of the snowy plantie. Alas ! for his frailty, pride and wanll tof prescience. Ii the anglis formed by tih' sorur anid Berrigum, partially con ceald biy snow an. a sparse growth of musk, hinzel, blatnkatwood and trees, a narrow, but rapid terrent wound among the mica schist burilders on its way to t the Darg,, Totally forgetful of the preaence ,of the stream the 'arson strtck out with all the eniergy at his command and fairPy fl shed down ti., shape that intervened betwr.ten him and the base of Birregnm. the tails of hIis long frock coat fluttering behind him like tea wings of some huge hawk or crow. Past tis comtnpanions he care-,red, unheed;ig as well as misunder standing their warning cries and gestures. Not till all hope of avoiding the icy waters was gtne did he di-cern it. With a uoll aula;l crash the accumulated drift snow and overhanging hank gave way beneath his weight and tell into thle rush ing water, precipitating the luckless Joseph head nrct into a Snow wreath oin the onposite bank. where he remained, incapable of movement, till rescued by the united efferts of Bill and Dick. A serry spectacei the R:r. Joseph presented when assistid on to the ruiaed tramway, that led from the Wombat workings to the creek Full well Io was aware of his appearance, as he strove to restore his crushed "three decker" to its pristine shape and .loss. adl bitterly did ihe regret his reckiessness, otn ntiicing EPll's broad shaulders shake, as he hurried Moan aling the tratmway towards the dark, firbidden ho o in the tacti of the mnount, that marked the sIte ,f t:e Web:nbat l1illt. CHAPTER IX. BILL AT OE TELL SWOOP Is REVEOCNGED ON THE REV. JOSEPH, SHOWS TO WHAT THE PHANTOMS OWE TIIE1R EXISTENCE, AND DESTROYS THE VOMtBAT MINE. On reachinig the entrance to the mine Dick. as directe 1,. proposed that the Rev. Joseph Coik shoald accomlnpar y Bill ints the mine, and thereby secure the housr of being the second individual to enter the ?astbtesranean drives since the Get All You Cant Company ablanldoning thein. It is probable tthat the parson would have declined this honor were it not for Hona, at Bill's ihoarse wtisper "to back Dick up," esconding the prepsbiticn and decant ing in glwing terms on tihe bravery of minsters of (jd in genteral. IfJoseph had chanced to obsorrvo tihe fiendish grin thiat everspread htis guides visage as he signilile i his readiness to accompany him. he would have emphatically refused to make tohe enteure. However, muoh against his inclinatione, hie fellowed Iill intot the mine. Ke-ping close tblhis guide he traversed a ntmber of tunnels, but felt no desire ti study the geiloi-ical formation ob the strata therein. much less to glance about. Hu did not see the ribalntom figures that followed s,- closely ini hii wake ntr yet the ones. whlich at Bill's ratid naPr.,chl, disappeared as effectively as a candle flame when covered with an ex tinguisher. As Bill approached a pita tom of m at or :aolioary diminslois, he dark-ne l his lamp and turr.ing rapidly raised his foo', and with a well directed kick shattered that carried by thc para in. Slippling pact his victim he dashed away along then i drive with outstretched hands and bent body. After going some dis-' tance he paused snd listened to the pierc S. screanms of terror thatlised from the lis of the 1ev. Joseph, who on seeing himself surrounded on every side by phanioms, thought that hise? satanic majesty, insthe guise of Bill Corbett,;had brou?ght himntr" the limbo'of departed spirits. Nsot until the parson had fainted from t rrofdid Billretrace has steps,'then shouldering the divine, with as hlttle care mony aS';ahe~ootlda bak of-' flour, he emerged ex ?mb sm:o n solu". . .My God ! yoit ha`vikilled hiln with your prac tical joke,"t-id Dibkl'as he' gazed on the motionless form of the:parson.- " Killed hTm !' echoed Billie disdain;. "' why, you couldh't kill him with:an ax. Come along ; let him alone; he will have re covered ere we return." " What fright ened him, Willie ?" coeried M?tna. " Ghosts!" was the laconic reply. "If ro. I decline to make their acquaintance." I" tubbish !" said Bill, passing his armn round her waist and leading the way into the =ine. followed closely by Dick and his wife. Pausing before a drive on the left, Bill bile his companions examine a festo?n of fungus that swung from the roof. This done, he gradually obscured the light. The fungus, as the light falded. became investod with a phosphorescent glow, that increased in intensity in pro portion as the lamp light became dlull. "There." said Bill to his surprised com pantons, "is one of the phantoms, which is nothing more than phosphorescent funlus, wiwse rroatlhl onie tlhe mbr sup porting the sides and roof of the drive, is favoured by daimpn.s.. Olserve now, as I exose the light hoew the phantom vanishes." So speaking. he slowly ua imask. d the iace of the bull's eye lamp. The phosphorescent glow grew fainter and fainter, till atlength, when the lai.jp shone at its brightest, the fungus hung, as it had first been seen, devoid of light and riscous. Pushing aside the festoon, tie party moved forward a few iaces, and at Bill's command paused ence more to view the curious phenotmenon. Fromt the impetus imparted by Bill when passing, the festoon, shrouded in its mystic light, ewunug to and fro across the drive, present ino a weird and uaeanny appearitce. So suggestive was the festoon of sa?e super natural being, in the guise we in our imacir.ntion caimmnnly endow them, that tie ladies involuntary draw nearer to their male comatianions. Obscuring the light once more, the party moved onward amid a plhophoreacent vista of uprights, while weird apRearance excited a live:y admira tion in the minds of all, Here is poor O'lrtfferty's remai.ns, observed Bill flash inG the rays of the lamp full on the ghastly skeleton. Mona w.e thhefirst to break the solemn silence, by requesting Bill to cut the skelctu down and iver it a Christian burial. "Poof !" rejoined Bill thru·stin the the artt, he had as neatly severed from the osseousremains, between the costar" he is eas cmfortable here as in a oeloin. I crust that I'll have as snug a sepulchere and and my last hours as agree able." "Oh Willis !" exclaimed Mona, " how can you speak. so 1" " Good hiaeaens !" ejaculated the worthy repre hended, with simuiated indignation, " If I am prevented now from: exprt?sing an opittmon, what will it be when we are married 1' " Won't you bury the poor fellow for umy sake I" paraded Moina. "Bury hit ?I Certainly I will ! Come along ?" Speaking thus Bill. turned and followed by his companions soon gaied the open. The Rev. Joseph was found to have recovered in the interred and was gazing with owlish autnidity abouit him. " How do, you fiel now l" inquir d Bill. " Better thank you ! I had a a terrible experience. I got setiarated from you. The phantoms cltise l in, surrounded me, and broke my lamp, then picked me up and carried me I know not whither. I fainted I believe, for 1 can't remetmberhlow I canoehere." " Well, parson," said Bill, ' I broke your lamp and carried you hither. The ghosts you saw wore nothing' molre than pholphorescent finnll!l-hre is a epecimetc--and new I would suggestil that you beast less of your puissance since it succutmbs at tie sight it a refulgent fungtus." Seizing at bulky package lhlad brought with ltitn Bill drew tiherefrom a dozen plugs of dynamnite. These lie re moved froum their waterproof wr:pper tand idaced in a small calico bha, which he at tached to the initial set of timber in theO main tuniel. Lighting the fuse that protracted from the bae_ Bill retired to a safe distance. One miniute lat'r a tull report broke the stillness, the earth around shook as if riven by an earthquake, end with a roar that echoed far and near the roof and siles of the imain runnel col:tlps,?d bury:ng O'Rafferty's skele'ton, the sithan toms and all living ani:ati's that happened to be in the mine at that moment, in one common sepulchlro. 