TflE GHOST OF SEA YALS. i "To be let or sold. A well-furnished 12-room cottage. Lovely .scenery, close to sea. Good fisliiyg. Low rem. Apply agent, Sea Vale, Somerset."' The above advertisement in a London paper was the talisman which drew us to Sea Vale, a quiet watering place on the Bristol Channel. My father, a retired naval officer, haicd town life: but wo had lived in London 1'or the sake of the boys. Their educalion was now completed, and all being iwell out of hand, there remained no hindrance to my father's modest ambition. for life in the country, with a bit of: fishing to while away the time. The Knoll was a low. irregularly built house, ivy clad, and nestling at tlie foot of a larch- crowned hill, the slopes of which were clothed witli mossy turf, jewelled with sweet wild thyme, pink sea thrift, daintv harebell* and gulden trefoil. In from of the house was a large garden over/lowing with fruit and flowers growing with little regard to ord*r. but. presenting a beautiful whole to lo vers of 4»ld-faskioned gardening. Great bush roses, glowing with masses of biooui. tsweet Williiams iu endless variety,pinks, larkspurs. and quaint-faced pansies ??rew si<lc by side with fruit trees and vegetables. About a mile beyond the garden lay the channel, of which there was an unbroken view from every wiu- <tow. The inside of the house proved exceedingly comfortable, although the entrance was somewhat mean, there being only a small liall. with the foot of the stairs close to the door on one side, and a long, marrow window on the other. Tins was •exactly opposite the dining-room door. ;Which room was of rather unique •shape. having an alcove facing the door. Had the alcove been, at either end of the room it would have given length, but -so placed it seemed meaningless and useless, except for the purpose of keeping out of the way a high, cumbersome, antique cabinet, which otherwise would have greatly trespassed on the very limited space. The Knoll was the property of a Mrs Marsh, but she had not cared to live there since the death of her husband five years ago. The absurdly low rent and the discovery that the Knoll had changed .tenants nine times within live years, made my father dubious whether this seemingly charming haven of rest might mot prove defective in the matter of drains or water supply. But he decided to take it for six months with the option of purchase at he end of that time. We went Iu at midsummer, aud by Christmas were so well satisfied that had fallen upon a bargain such as :we were scarcely likely to again meet an equal that my father was about mak 5ng arrangements for purchasing, when an incident occurred which altered our desire to possess this picturesque cottage. K was Christmas Eve. All my brothers were expected home by the last train. I and my sister, Madge, were putt in; lip evergreens iu the ball. Darkness fell (upon us before we had completed our task, but the lamp and firelight stream 5ng from the open door of the diningroom (where Hannah, our one domestic, was laying the table iu readiness for tlntravellers) was quite sufficient. Madgr\ ;who was on a step ladder, placing ivy iover the window, suddenly gave a piercing shriek, and fell in a heap on the 1 floor, covering her eyes as though to Shut out some fearful sight. Hannah irushed out of the dining-room, and iu so doing closed the door after her, which added to the confusion until my father • came niniriiig~aowix TEtnu-s^Tvitix n. u^ui. "What upon earth is the matter?" he exclaimed .as Madge, springing up,threw •herself into his arms and buried her face on his shoulder. i "Oh, father," she cried, "I saw a <3readful old man at the window. lie looked as if he were dead. Is he there now?'' and she shuddered as she dung to him. : My father opened the front door, but bothing could he see but the laurel bush, [which grew close under the window. "There is no one there. You are oyeritired, Madge.*'he said, somewhat sternly. "Hannah, take all this rubbish away"— giving the holly a kick as it lay on the floor—and he led Madge off into the dining-room and poured her out a glass of wine, but she could not be convinced that it was her nerves tliat were at fault. "Would you mind staying with me. Miss Hanley, while I clear up the holly?" said Hannah. "Why, Hannah?" I laughed. "Surely you are not afraid of the man at the window? 1 "Yes. I am. Miss." she returned in a dogged way. "and you must please get eomeotie else as soon as you can. idursn't stay here now that Miss Madge lias seen old Marsh." "Old Marsh! What do you mean?"' "Why, it was 'im. Miss, sure enough, as Miss Madge saw. 1 was told when I came here that I should never stay because of old Marsh's ghost. But I didn't believe in ghosts then, and said I'd risk fieein' 'im anyway; but you see. Miss, it is true enough." "I really do not understand you. Hautaah. "Who is old Marsh?" "Why. Mrs Marsh's husband. Miss. •He committed suicide out in the garden there. Tliat is why Mrs Marsh cannot bear this place. They say old Marsh comes and looks in at the hall window. He looks just as lie did when in his coffin. I dare not live here. Miss, so please take a mouth's notice." "Really, Hannah, I am astonished ihat a woman of your age and sense should believe so impossible a story. I suppose you have been telling Miss Madge this absurd rumor."' "No. Midoed. Miss. I have not. I promised Air Small, the agent. I wouldn't tell why the other people left, and I shouldn't have said a word now if eld Marsh hadn't come back." The arrival of the buys dismissed for the time all thought of old Marsh, although Madge was so timid in passing the hall window at night that I was careful to see that the blind was drawn at dark. The isolated position of the Ihouse had hitherto made this seem nunecessarv. My father and the boys treated her alarm and Hannah's determination to leave as a huge joke, until one night when I had forgotten to draw <th blind. Bernard, my youngest brother, •went from the drawing-room, where we all were, to fetch something from the dining- room. "Father," he called, "come here Quickly." The sharp ring of terror or pain—we could not tell which — in his voice made us all follow my father into the hall. "Look." cried Bernard, who. with jblaached face, stood midway between the dining-room and the hall window ; •"is that old Marsh ?" There, sure enough, in the upper part •of the window, we all could dfciiuctl.v jsee the head and shoulders of an old man. The features set. the eyelids closed, as in the awful stillness of death, j In life it could not have been other than an unpleasing face, but with the seal of death adding to its coldness and hardiness it appeared positively hideous. "This must be a cleverly played trick.' said my father, going close up to the "lass and peering out. But the cold, still face seemed to mock him. for there it was. in shadowy oulline against the laurels. He and the bovs searched around tlie pushes, but nothing could they see or !iv.-ar .--;ivr' the soughing ofthe wind and I the murmur of the distant sea. Hour I after hour we kept going out into the I hall to see if the shadowy form of the old man were si ill there. Yes, there it was. and its very hnmovableness added to its horrible fascination. It was long after midnight before we could be persuaded to disperse, although father, upon his return from putting out the lights in the dining-room, thankfully informed us that the horrid face had disappeared. "I will fathom this to-morrow," said he. "or else we will go out r.f the house at once. I will see the agejir and hear what he lias to say about this cock-andbull story Hannah tells." Accordingly next day he went to Sea Vale. The agent allowed that it was reported tliat The Knoll was haunted, but. said he. "Thai, sir, is easily accounted for, because of Mr Marsh destroying himself in the garden facing the house. People are always ready to declare a place haunted that has been the scene of a nicide or murder." " Quit;» so." agreed my father. "I am no believer in ghosts, but the fact remains that my daughter,a fortnight ago, saw the head and shoulders of an old man. apparently dead: and we all saw the same face last night through the window. On no account shall I remain nt The Knoll unless the affair is cleared up. Will you spend an evening with us? Should the face again appear you will at least be able to tell us if it resembles the late Mr Marsh?" Willingly the agent acquiesced ; but though lie came for a whole week nothing vjjas seen of tlie apparition. That the man thought us little less than idiots o we "were well aware. "1 think, sir," «?aid he one evening when he ro.se to go. "you will allow tliat q it is useless my coming out here night after night." " It does seem like if." returned my father, "but come until the end of this week." At this moment Hannah burst into tlie i room without ceremony, crying. "Old Marsh: sir, old Marsh!" Quickly we went into the hall, ajid again were confronted by the cold shadowy form of the dead man. The agent took one glance, and putting up his arms to ward off the dreadful sight, exclaimed in hushed, horrified tones: "It is he, sir, it is Mr Marsh'" Explanation there was none. Sleep in that house another night npr one of us would. Late though it was, we walked into Sea Vale and took rooms until such time as we could remove our belongings. The agent refused to again undertake the letting of The Knoll. He wrote Mrs Marsh a full account of what he had himself witnessed. The following day brought him a letter from ili s Marsh, who commenced by expressing her thankfulness to have "t last discovered the reason why she could not keep a tenant. Having no portrait of her husband she had a cast taken after death and a bust executed by a wellknown sculptor. This bust she felt sure was not a thing strangers would care to liave about. Therefore when she let The Knoll furnished,it was placed on the top of the oak cabinet facing the dining room door. That it was the reflection of this bust thrown upon the ball window she had but little doubt. She requested the agent to ask my father to go with him to The Knoll and see for himself. We went tliat night iu a body. Nothing could be seeu of the bust from the floor, but upon climbing to the top of the step ladder there it was. pushed fatback against the wall in the hollowed arch of the alcove. We lighted the lamps and went into the hall. There, as before, was the face that, had so alarmed us and previous tenants. Upon ^ closing the door it, of course, instantly | I'miishiul. -•-.»•»- We" are still living at our beautiful cottage, and we often congratulate ourselves upon the. fortunate discovery of an optical illusion, which, upon the removal of the bust, happily freed us from the pr dow."— esence of " The Man at the Wiu- "London Dramatic News." 