THE STORYTELLER. TALE OF THE LOST ENGINE Bs C. WABHAN. :"1 was speaking the other day," said the Jericho stationmaster, "4¡í railroad ghosts-trains and engines and such and you didn't seem to believe that there are any such things. Now, just to show you that I was telling the troth, I'll tell you about the ghost of an engine that I saw myself, and that lets of other men on this road hare seen. "About ten years ago we had an engine on this road that you would just have admired to see. She was the 'Fanny Ellsler'-that was her name, being named after one of the Queens of France or some other place. Nowadays we aon't think that sixty miles an hour is any very great speed, but in those days the Fanny, as we called her for short, .was the only-engine in this part of the country that could do her mile in sixty seconds. Naturally the road was proud of her, and the men bragged of . ber continually, especially when they met any of -The men that worked on the Montana Southern rdad, that was con- sidered by some to be a sort of rival of our road, though it was a poor, ¡half bankrupt concern. v-"The engineer of the Fanny was an old fellow by the name of Gridley. He was allowed to be the best engineer on the road at that time. He used fe be able* to do anything with that engine, ' and he was the only man who could .manage her. -There was always some- thing queer about the Fanny. She bad a trick of getting tired, or of letting on that she was tired, and refusing to work. She'd be a-going along at her usual gait, and all of a sadden she would slow down and pretty near quit making steanv. No engineer except Gridley could manage, her when she got these fits on. Other men that tried to run her found that the -only thing they could do was to wait till she got good and ready to move on. But Gridley he would just polish her brasses a bit, whistling some cheer- ful tune and now and then saying some- thing pleasant to Uer, and all of a sudden she would just hump heivfelf and travel along as if there had Sever been ahy thing the matter. After "the Superin- tendent got to know the- Fanny- pretty well, he would never allow anybody except Gridley to taker her ont of thè yard. He used to run her the length of -the road twicer day, except; Sundays and when he was taking a holiday. YoaSsee he was a very peculiar man, was this yer Gridley. He never drank a drop -while he was at work, and as a general thing he would keep perfectly sober six or -eight months. Then his mother or hie . w3« or his sister would die, and he would asked for three days' leave to go to thc funeral and settle up the estate. The Superintendeat knew as well as Gridley did what was the matter, but he would always give him his three days, and Gridley would go away and get drunî. -enough to satisfy him for the nest eh months. "One morning Chidley comes to rn« looking about as scared as ever I saw a man look. . What's the matter ?' Bays I, beginning to fear that some serious accident had happened on the road. « « The Fanny is lost," says he. \- '"What do you mean?' says I, 'Has your mother been dying again P If that's the case I'm sony, for Bhe died last time only six weeks ago.' "'I went into the engine house al iSpartansville their morning,' says he speaking low and dazed like, ' and th* Fanny wasn't there. You know she'goet into the engine house every night at 7.30 and last night I put her in as usual, ant stopped while tue- fireman banked- tht 'afires. When we left there was nobodj in the place, and as you know nobody over goes near it during the night. Thii morning at 5.15 I went down to bring hw-out, and she wasn't there. The fire înan had been about five minutes aheaó _ of nie, and he was as much astonished as I was. Well, we easy enough found \- that she wasn't anywhere in Spartans ? ville, and then we inquired after her bj telegraph. There wasn't a blessed station on tho road that had seen hide or hail of her. The Superintendent has starteo on a special from Athensville and it going the whole length Of the road tc to see if there is any sign of her haying been taken out and ditched, but he'll never find her.' , What on earth do you calíate has become of her f" said I. There was always something queel about that engine,' says Gridley. * Yo« . know what queer ways she had, such ae : you never knew any other engine to Jtove. It's my beligf that either she wasn't a genuine engine at all, but jus! the ghost of one, and that she's goñ? back to where she came from, or else, ii . that isn't what is the matter with her she has been stole.' ' ? *' ' How's a mau going to steal a loco motive P' says I. ' Do you calíate thal some ¿nicken stealer got into the engine house at night and camed the Fanny ofi . under his coat Î! i, WV'JSo, I don't,' says Gridley, *bui mebbesome of the chaps of the Mon itana Southern road has got tired oj Maring us brag about the Fanny, ano has come up here and, carried her off.' '^ridley wouldn't take another engine. He said that unless he found the Fanny j|»e would never touch a lever again, and as té had" aotbipp particijjar tejfto ki Bfcarted in to make up lost time drinking whisky. I didn't see him for pretty nearly two -months, and they told me that he was gone on a hunt for the Fanny and probably wouldn't ever re- turn. But one day who should come to my boarding-house here in Jericho but Gridley, looking thin and ragged and duty. However, he was sober enough, though he was more excited than I had ever known him to be, engineers being men that very seldom ever allow any- thing to excite them. "'I've found the Fanny,' says he in a 6ort of whisper. " * Well, I want to know !' -says I, for I was mightily astonished. "1 It was the Montana Southern that stole her,' said he. ' She's down at West Saragossa, not ten miles from here. I saw her there yesterday myself. They've lacquered her brasswork black, and they've given her a new smokestack, and they've changed her name to the Poca- hontas., and her own builder wouldn't know her. But I knew her just as soon as I heard her puff. She's hauling the express on the Southern road, aud she lays up at West Saragossa at night, and I want you to come down with me to- night and we'll steal her." " ' Why don't you tell, the Superinten- dent, and let him put in a claim for her ?' I asked. -, «* "'Because he couldn't never prove! that she is the. Fanny. The Southern road owns the judge before whom the case would be tried, and they'd have a hundred witnesses to swear that .she wasn't the Fanny. Nb, sir ! she' has got tojbe stole, and I know now just how to get her on to om* track.' "'How's that?'says I. " ' Don't you remember,' says Gridley, ' that down the road about seventy miles froin here, the Southern track \uns parallel to ours for a spell, and. only about twenty yards-away? When the Fanny was stole she was taken to this hyer place, and the mils were unspiked and led across to the Southern track. It's easy enough to do, anl we'll do the same. I want you to come along, be- cause yon know a fireman's duties middling well, and I won't trust any of our firemen on a job of this kind.' " Well I said I would go, and we took a horse and buggy and drove over to West Saragossa that afternoon good and early, so as to see how the hind lay. When night came on we went out of town a bit and stayed in the woods till about 1 o'clock, and then we crept down to the engine-house, and shoved the Fanny out by putting-, .our backs io her, and when we had got her On the main track we climbed aboard and let her run down the grade, which is mid- dling steep just out of the village, while I worked, at the fires and got them tö going good and bright. " We had been running about half an hour, when all of a sudden Gridley sings out, " Brakes !" quicker'n lightning and reversed the engine. We came to a halt ana Gridley says to me : " there was a tramp asleep with his head on the track, We've cut him into a thousand pieces. The man was trembling and I began to understand that the drink had been tel ing on him. " Let her go." says he in in another miaute. What's done can't be helped.' So in a few minutes more we were à-booming along again, old Gridley leaning out straining his eyes ahead, and keeping his hand on the lever. Presently he singe out ' Brakes !' again, and brings the engine up with a jump. 'Another tramp,' says he. * What in all creation do they mean by sleeping on the track in this way ?' Then I saw that Griddley had the horrors, and I was mighty sorry I had ever agreed to come with him. "The same thing happened five minutos later. . Says Gridley, ' the whole blessed . track is covered with tramps. I can see seven ahead of us now.' With that he seemed to get into a sudden rage, and tums' on bis whistle and says to* me. 'I'll stop no more for them fellows. They are doing it on purpose to hinder us, so that we can get caught. Then he pulled her wide open and we swung .aleng, the fires roaring and the whistle doing its level best. " Gridley kept looking out ahead and muttering, ' There's more of 'em,' said he, without turning to look at me. ' There's more than I can count. Women too. They're lying everyone right ^straight across the .track. There ! I felt her jump when she strack that feHów ! Come hei'e, Hurry, and take this lever for a minute while I take a drink. This byer slaughter is more than I can stand." " I told Gridley to take his drink and make sure that it was abig one, for I.saw that he had got the triangles pretty bad and hoped that whisky might pull him through till we should get quit of the southern road. It didn't do bim any good, however, unless it was to make him more reckless than he was before. He insisted on my shoving all the coal into the furnace that she would burn, and before long we were going a good sixty miles or more. "Now just before we got to the place where the two roads 11m parallel there was a siding that had been built to reach a gravel pit. The siding began at a little station called Pekin, and was, as I should judge, about two miles long. The Montana Southern folks had taken the alarm by this time, and a despatch had gone to every station on the road« warning them that a runaway locomotive was coming, and telling them to stop her the best way they could. The station master at Pekin got this order just More we hove, in siafeL a-ttá besought of the old Biding. He got to work and turned ike rusty old 6witcii that had been spiked down, and when we came along we shot on to the side track and away we went for the gravel pit. " The track was mighty rough and I begged Gridley to slow her down, for I thought every minute that we should be off the track. But he would not listen to me. That there massacre of the tramps that he thought he had made excited him more and more and now he had taken to singing and shouting at the top of his lungs. The Fanuy was sway- ing from side to side, and jumping, almost clear of the rails when she struck a particularly rough place, and I ¡don't mind saying that I just went to saying my prayers with every inch of pressure I could put on 'em. " It had been a cloudy night, but as I was praying for all that I was worth the moon came out, and I saw that just ahead of us the track came to an end, and there was a deep hollow of some sort. I made up my mind that I had had enough of that kind of railroading. Telling to Gridley to jump I put the brake bard on, and went oft into a ditch on the left hand side of the road. It was middling full of briers, but the bottom was the softest kind o£ mud, and I didn't sustain no mortal injury worth speaking -of. Before I could pick myself up and get on my legs the engine was gone. I got down to the edge of the gravel pit as soon as I could, but there wasn't the least sign either of the Fanny or of Gridley. The bottom of the gravel pit was covered with water, but what was worse, as I afterwards found -out, there was a big quicksand there, which had been the reason why the gravel pit was abandoned. The Fanny Ellsler went down into that quicksand, and for aught I know she has kept sinking ever since, with Gridley's skeleton standing in the cab with his hands on the lever. " À year afterwards I was down in the neighbourhood of Pekin, and as I was driving along in a buggy pretty late at night I saw an engine come flying down , the old siding and plurap into" the gravel pit. Leastways I saw it disappear just as it reaohed the jumping-offi place. If tbat wasn't the ghost ox the Fanny I'd like to know what it was. Moreover, the boys along the Southern road told me time and time again they had seen that same .engine come hustling along at sixty miles an hour, and disappear into the quicksand. Now, if that wasn't a ghost,, what was it ?" 