Thc Musical World. An able.'writer, evidently a teacher of music; thus awns up In tho "Musical Standard" the advantages of scale practice on the plano: In plario practice the soale, continued over one or all the octaves of the key board; cbhtalhs arid exemplifies all the resources and virtues tiî tcchnlcái execútlofí; dfierlrtg opportunities to practise and perfect them lh á simple yet effective' manner. The fundamental qualities of good playing are:-First.-Evenness of tone In the execution of all passages, even when varied rhythms seemingly bréale them, for those again must be even In their repe titions. Second.-The perfect joining of sound to sound, called Legato, which forms the basis of tone, beauty and musical expression. These two qualities can be fully acquired In the intelligent practice of the scales, and with them the correct finger action; understood b> all good teachers and well- taught scholars, It ls no small advantage to the student to become familiar with the lingering of the twelve major and minor scales, helpful to thc fingering of similar passages In pieces. The scales enable the pupil to play with tho proper position of the hand, and trains the fingers correctly. They do more, they teach the pupil to play with an exclusive finger action and to avoid mixing It with that of the wrist, a much too common fault, causing an ugly and jerky touch. An even scale gradually equalises the force of the fingers by requiring a more energetic, stroke or firmer pres sure on the parts of the weaker ones, making their tones as cleai and firm as those produced by the stronger fingers. Perhaps the most important thing to be accomplished by the practice of the scales is the formation of a beautiful touch. The though* and care necessary to accomplis!! it can best be bestowed upon simple exercises like the scales. Technically, ' the scale furnishes the practice of a movement which ls the cause of unevenness In passages, that of passing over and under with thumb and fingers. The perfect practising of the scales overcomes all this. An- ob server who has carried his researches Into many minute fields of research, tells us In '^Science Sifting" of th« havoc that music may make Into those physio logical processes that are so intimately controlled by the nervous system. These researches have estab lished that among those who enter the liberal pro- > fessions, ll per cent, can expect to become bald head ed. The British medical profession becomes bald ait the rate of 30 per cent. Among musicians, the full average of bald heads ls ll per cont. String Instru ments favor a Paderewski hairy scalp, whilst trom bones and other brass wind instruments tend to make their inblowers bald. All pianists are proverbial for their llonlne and Samsonian looks, whilst the cornet player is proverbial for his thin locks. This ob server remarks that the large trombone will, In five years, cause a loss of 60 per cent, of thc hair of thc hairiest player in existence. Harpists are full haired. ; The flute and the clarlonette tend to thin the hair , slightly after the age of 50. These observations were maxie .on English military bands and English orches- ¡ tras. The orchestras and repertoires employed at dinner concerts Bhould be chosen more with an eye to their physiological than their more simply artistic effects. The emotions should here be undisturbed during the Ingestion of the meal, - and lt ls really a question, whether, in the end, these dinner orchestral accompaniments are not more injurious In a physiological sense than other wise, ualess we consider tnem as a distraction factor from business or other cares, or as nervous soothers, I so that our digestion miight otherwise go on unim paired. The Instruments usually employed at these prandial concerts-violins, flutes, etc.-are generally I too shrill, and the music ls generally 111 chosen and . out oat of sympathy with a gradually filling stomach, I and not enough of the cheerful order. Prandial con certs should possess the cheerful variety and even tenor of buoyancy of a fairy tale, and any music suggestive rf ghost stories and of a disquieting ten dency ls all sadly and physiologically out of phurc where the stomach has to wrestle with a breaded ciLtlét atí<d á dish of niacoaronl with Parmesan cheese and mushroom gravy. Dr. Hiles, who ls now contributing a series ot valuable articles on harmony to the "Musical Opi nion," hos In the June number of that journal given a table of the various resolutions of a minor seventh when it falls a semitone, and when it is desirable that . it should form of tho next chord an Sth, 3rd, nth, 7th, minor «Ith, or major 9th. He also gives the resolutions neces sary to produce corresponding effects when the m.lnor 7th falls a whole tone. The table shows that great variety of effects which can be obtained in har mony from tho proper grammatical treatment of the minor 7tn. 