Crttm£xs. W » v. over. GaaTCE hnmEiatei. B-M.vvaAZZA' ocouparion gone. Bftitr Tiszz. weather for tne ho.iday. No- amusement of any kind in town yesterday. Tee man Hir. ds Uea protesting nts tnn-oo-eooe. Mss. P. Lewis, -of the Big Hid, is an inmate -f ihe u rsrital. IHSiiiE are no ra t i its :r. estern Austra'da on acoonnt of the nnmber of wi.d cats. Ezvivxi interest in the coastal railway scheme at Invert'.:. The Taxation Commissioners intend to persevsre with their double income tax assessments. It is estimated that 5XO tons of chad! will bj ext-orted from Glen Innes this season. A Biia to interpret the Federation Enabling Art ts.uruently vantrd. The Tict-orian team cf ridemen has arrived H England. a;i well. A vtvyvo'crsrv rich und cf 2-0-l-d is reported from Queen Margaret G-ontn mine at mmgo; :.:t. McoDaT, June 21, in addition to the next day, will be declared a pnt-.tc no may. Ay armietice for 17 days has been agreed to be tween Turkey and Greece. jy -y v.-- vonr sheep witn crm cpecmc. — 1_. E GzEyytH. agent." We re one: to state that a due coy, eldest son of Mr. A. North, -of Grafton P-oad, died last vago from croup. It is satisfaottry to nooe ma: prices ar the Lou don wool sales nave an upward tendency. Cc-UO-yiaH Premiere when in England are to he watted on In do - etv'.e. The Swiss Government anuonnce mat me 'only remedy' for toothache is too have the t-ooth drawn. No-wexhe can stability be ccunted on in the planet we inhabit. Japa.vhee c metals are coming to- Australia to purcr.ase corses. A New Gnysna telegram reports this 20 gold is being fc-und there, that everything Icoks black, and mncc misery exists. Ax A-eppo in IS22 an earthquake lasted fo-r about 12 seconds, and in that short time 23, COu beings lost their lives. BntiS is very savage that visitors are not al lowed to see him, and in consequence refuses to take exercise. At Cardigan there is a woman nil on, who for many years kas steered all the sailing vessels and steamsrs that enter the port. The reward of £25,CCO orered by the Cape Go vernment tot the cure c: the rin-derp-es: is still un claimed. Last year Victoria exported l,S54.-=06 head of frozen rabbits, which cave a return ci £77,553 lis Si The northern. mail train ran over end killed 5v» valtabie horses near Tarn worth oa F-iiaay. It was a miracle the train was not derailed. N r.'P.LT three inches of rain fell at Jervis Ear on Friday, while dve and a half inches was recorded at Manning Heads. At tke London wee; sales on Friday evening there was excellent business, and prices were very drm. 0>" the latest counting cf excess of births over deaths the population of Sydney au-i suburbs is in creasing ao the rate of about 7'1'X' a year. M.oahe Meiba has refused to sing a: the Grand Op- era Paris, unless the management is prepared to pfy her £2.0 per night. The bookmaking interest will no: tronhie :e op- p-ose me intalisamt in the present aspect cf me betting laws Fashce has mote mousy in circulation in pro portion to its popn atiO'2 than any c-cnutry. A Has has been bound over in a London court for slacking a panto mine ' ghost's ' eye. Be an Act 0: the Scottieh Parliament which if sti . in force, a man who strikes his father or ther is liable to he harmed. Pc-webett steam ploughs Lav» been recently im ported into the Transvaal in view of the rinierpesi ravages. The Christmas season in Edinburgh was rrsn-on- sible for a large cumber of marriages among the poorer class. x HE Minuter for Mines and Agriculture favors the appointment of a travelling expert to advise and assist farmers throughout the colonies. Dtbi>--t the past year 2705 miles of telephone wires have teen erected in the city, suburbs, and country. The decision of the Full Court declaring betting on race courses to oe i.iegal nas caused urea: con stetuatfen amcnesr bookmakers and punters yene- raliy. A case wiri hi taken to tne Privy Council. I>" oonsequer.ee cf the drought the Minister for Lands has decided to postpone the opening cf all subdivisions available for homestead selecticns and settlement leases The Powers are inclined to sanctiou the cay- men: by Greece of a w=r indemnity cf £2.010, OCD and the detention by Turkey cf a few strategic points. The Taxation Gommissisn-ers state th&t; there is no fO'UD- datic-n for the report concerning the with drawal af notices of increased assessmsa: cf icccme tax doting the pas: year. No. - --HETa>— I0G the large shipments cf gc-id at the present time money is exceepingly abundant throughout the colonies and for purposes of per fectly safe investment is obtainable at' exceedingly low rates. A vor>"G French conscript having obtained leave ci absence for a couple of days the authorities rock it into their heads to see wr.em-r he attended a social gathering of the anarchists of his native town, held a; the same time. On his return he was condemned to a fortnight in the cells, and ex pecting that he would also be sent to penal service in Algeria, he attaeked two omcers and then com mitted suicide. Canos Tench, the new vicar of Ken-da! Parish Church, states that on a recent Sunday evening, with a large congregation, 557 coins were given, ol . wnic-h no fewer than A9i were either pennies or bait -pennies, only one coir, above a sciiiinv. a-.j c,f shi lings themselves cu-y six. The seven previous Sundays show ;he jec=ipt of I5,4C'9 coins, of which 9>10 were pennies, QQOQ halfpennies, and 1554 threeprnny-pirces. T-.z is a very curious st-on-e about which little is ever heard. It is called the Alexandrite, in not -or of Alexander of Bnssoa, who was very fond cf them. In obe daytime they resemble an emerald except that tuey are stmewr.ar darker ; but at rizot they are a deep purp.ish red. ftey'are . n _ .t it-.: — no. .a: a., rate stotos, varv much in tn-dr quEtties Hoih-0 Wat's Piehs are the the medicine most in repute tor ourtng the multifarious nihiies which attack humanity, wnen wet and cold weather 2?r® ?'--= --c m.-ra genial tempera: ures. In shc-t.' t£es= Pi. is a ford relief, if they fail of btinr ia aUEut remedy in ai: the disturbances of cfrcu'at-Xa" di gestion, and nervous energy, which aj time'rrn- a vast portion 0 : tee pop n.ation. Under :h- Vb'-'.. some, p untying, ang strengtnening powers exerted \--T .nese rx.-r..et:t . i:is, tne tongue uecomes c!au, tr.e appetite inpr: ve«. dlgesrios: is onickened, ltd ass turns:: on rendered perfect. Ho.loways m-H- c:nes possess the highly estimable uro'pertT -f c.ransmg tne wnole mass of blood, which, in its renovated condition, carries puritv, strength and titgot to every tissue of the body." ' db. W. B. ersh, Oakland, the , writ-— 'I employ Saucer & Sons Pete Vg-latile Eucadypti Mxtrac: as a lO-cai appacAtioc in chronic indamma- u.te arc :nenma::c pains ; internaaiy in nephritic 44 . 1Sr'1 2s ?--i=«xry, gastric and vesical naarrr.. It is soEaZtmes diiScnli to obtain the genatne artcci I employed ubferen: other r-re pcratt.-ns tney nad no thersptutic value ate 20 -rg"15- Ciir _-hs erects were similar to the campr.c-ra. tne otyectoonsLir actiioa of which is we., ano-vu."— Inu is certainly, a must striking ' 1 S2P-n-'nty of tnis exceiAnt pr=I P-.aitvu yrt any ttn-r — »n getting Slander . Ft11 fruca-ypt: Extract, or Use yon will be snu— "l -- tier asen : e t.u. toe-cause N..- Basing t'owuer I use la: Watgh'S- 