AND THE CRIMINAL By RICHARD MARSH. [ALr. R.irrs lltStvRleu.] SYNOrSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS. The opening chapters of the story are narrated by Mr. Thomas Tennant, Lon don, Stock and Share Broker. Tennant, who is a good natured man, hit irresolute in a crisis, is attacked by an adventulress lnamed Ellen I-lowth, while the two are travelling in a conm partmlent on the London Brighton Railway. 'lennant is acquainted with Ellen's career ill the past, and tile womnla, fearful lest lie should prove an awkardt obstacle in her plath, uip braids hint so savagely that he cn deiavouirs to leave the comlpartment while tihe train is in Inotiion. She tries to prevent him, and in her struggle loses her grip on Tetnant who has opened Ihe door in his effort to escape-- anld falls out. A stronlg windl is blowing, antd ere Tennant canl recover fronl the first horror of the situation the door is violently slammed, the glass shivered, and tile lunfortunate man's face badly cut. listead of rn ising tile alarm, the man's irresolu tion is his ruin. Ile remains terror stricken its the carriage until it reaches tIle nIearcst station, where hle is confronted by an advent.urer, who fromn the linex comtipartlnlent has over heard the quarrel between the stock broker and the womant who has, in realiy, fallen out. This individual, who i. a "blackmnailer," has, it appears, beenl employed to trace out a llissig heiress knlo\\\n as Louise O'Donnel, and he starts forthwith to mliake what capital he can by holding a veritable Sword of Damocles over the head of the nterve-shiakeln Ten allllt. In suC cecld ;g chapters Reginiald Toowl send, a handsome "'man about town," is introduced, and it becomes aplparent he is in some manuer mixed up with the fate of the missing Louise O'l)onnel. 'T'entnant, horrified at the position in whtich he finds himnelf, en dleavouirs tO '0rown tc r(nl Ihnbran:e c2 Iit 111 a round of gaiety, buit la tiicipa icon is broughti o a terml i Lattiln b5' his seeing what Ice btlicv s to be the ghost of tl: dlad ,i. o:! it. Duriing the illmnis ihl-t l'otlo'is I:o corfeeres all to his devo:cd wife, who ccnfrol ts and tiiscoticerts the Ilportutn ate I1. L k inailer. who is constantlty c!oltanding "hlish" mtoney, frol n her Iiu lhaid. The scenle shortly afterwarnds itur'ins to the meeting hlouse of a num!!ber of ari-to etatic scoinrlets who lalve formeid in ilnstitution called "The \liurder Club," li(d lRe-giinald 'Townsenil is nie of the Sleading lights. A\t the gathering TowiiIscidi relate'?s tihe details of a mIur 'r he has cotiitted niear thle "Tihree ' 'mss" on the tirightoin mailwvay line, 13'ril . being "the hlonour of the I Ihe miot,. ' mccanwl!ile 'Tennan is Club'," In it.. "rdcr, and the plot arrested for iih 'now hclngs tote thicl:cn . ti - in., rest - of hegincltl ccl!e centredl in the doinll,.- 'te vil TowlSellse id, ilo, despite his '. vlr' lain:, is in o'ttwatrd litaiLtIert a atttrlc ic Imsiiei. !He bcco:ucs rngage fo Dora Jardin, an liciress, iandc for a time tile story departs from th.e siur roulndings of tle uinfortunate Ton l 11 t, alid F1 illsight is given into tile a' re?'l: of 'Townsend. 