?RBElBSfP f ORIST ? ; MISSION. Conflrmatlpn by tjip Cardinal. .Irans;ooDl»o fipcslooD. -.SpirpAX, laofc brought to a oloso the1 iMission, whichjhad been conducted for the' preepding iortnightat. St..Patrick's Church, parramafta. At . tho 11 , o'clock mass an imprpssiYO sermon ; was preached by Rev. iFuthoE-Hunt. ... . ?? accb'mpaniodby.Rev.pr. 0'Haran,. arrived from Sydney r to administer^ tho sacrament ;of, .confiimation.. Thp Cardinal was officially ;r6cojved (at ^ho rchurch by members of tho Guild and othor parishioners acting as a guard of honor, j The church was crowded .during, the ceremony, in which' Dr. O'Haran,; Revs. Fathor Mclntyre (Leich hardt), and Fathers O'Reilly and Martin (Parramatta), with the missionors (Fathers ;Hunt and 0,'Noil) assisted. TKo 'number j of candidates was 116, including several adult, converts, who had been received by ^baptism during the mission. During the sorvico the hymn 'Come Holy Ghost' was impressively rendered by the choir. The Cardinal, haying administered tho rrto, addressed the. nowly confirmed on tho responsibilities. and duties they had that iay taken 'upon themselves under the banner of Christ and His Church. His Eminence then addressed the congregation present, speaking on the momentous im lortance of theevent of that day, congratu lating tho., congregation and town on the success of tho mission, paying a high tribute to tho two missioners, and urging the parishioners to persevere in the Chris tian praotice inculcated by tho preachers. He enjoined thorn to endeavor to utilise all the means of grace provided by the Churoh, and, while living in amity with others differing; from them in creed, to show by their conduct and devotion the good works arising from faith and obedi ence. His ? Eminence ooncluded by be stowing the archiepiscopal blessing. in ina evening tne congregation as sembled in St. ? Patrick's Church was the largest possiblo. The interior was. literally packed fongbeforo the hour of commencing; though seats were provided to the very foot of the altar. Hundreds were unable to obtain admission, and it was eventually deoided to throw open tho Brothers' School room adjoining for a supplementary ser vice. Within the Church Father Hunt recited- the Rosary and Father O'Noil de livered an eloquent discourse to tho crpwded . congregation on 'Final Per severance and tho Future Life.' Father Hunt later spoke impressively on tho same subjects to the overflow meeting in1 the Schoolroom, in which about 300 woro as sembled. Father O'Neil, speaking in the Church, thanked tho people for the help they: had rendered and for tho edifi cation ? the . missioners had. received during, their work in Parramatta. He also thanked ' tho Marist Brothers and the Sisters of Morcy for the assistance given, also Father O'Reilly for his hospitality ; the choir and Guild. He added that, though his fellow missionor and himself had sought not to sparo themselves, they could not but be sensiblb of the indispens able aid rendered by representatives of the Parramatta Church. He asked for his brother inissioner and himself the prayers of the faithful, both then and thereafter, and bado all an _ affeotionate farewell, bestowing tho Papal blessing on'. the : impresBod 'auditory '; thus concluding a isarvico long tb be remembered. On Monday morning. tho Church was again crowded at early mass! celebrated ,for tho ioDpsovof tho souls of relativos of 'thoso. assisting in the recent.'1 mission'. ' Datner rtum proacnett on tno tost, ' it in a holy and wholesome thought to pray for the dead,' dolivoring an excellentpreSenta- tioh of the Church's yiow of the state after' death and the power, of intercessory prayer and sacrifice. ' ' . - ?.? 