VV TABAWEHA. , -O (By. J.H.M.A.) . "> 'AbffUt 7 o'clock the guides come, brawny, deep- cllesipd follows, Maoris themselves on wiry Maori ponleP, and leading a spare saddle horse for the Pakelia whom they have in charge. We let the ntlrrupa out a hole or two — these fellows ride fiTifi. mounting, canter down the white road that leads from Ohinemutu to Rotorua, On our left, clear In the morning sunlight, and Btretchlng far out in blueness beyond the wharcs and steam upon the point, until checked by the white alum cliffs of its farther shore, sparkles and glitters the lake. Mokoia's tops arc yellow above the deep green shadows in its fern-clothed gullies. White sea birds wheel and screech over the water and along the lakeside. A bit of red brings color to the foreground, as some Maori woman goes, blanket clad, for a matutinal hot bath. Down' the road and into Rotorua we swing, laughing with the guides, shouting "Tena- koo" to some passers-by, and clattering along the tree-shaded streets to the door of the great wooden hotel facing the Sanatorium. Already wrecks and hale men and women are moving across the road to seek new life or fresh vigor in the "Priest" and "Madam Rachel." Strange, weird figures, bent and halting, clad in silk dressing gowns and many wraps; springy, youth ful forms, pyjama clad, leaping the low palings of the grounds, flicking one another with big towels; and laughing girls, with hastily-arranged back hair and pretty neglige costumes, cross our path. Here we halt for a few minutes, consume tbe fresh morning cigarette, reflect upon the glory of beiug alive, and await the advent of the rest of our mountaineers, whose horses stand Eaddled in the road. Soon they come, some ladies and some Englishmen. The ladies, neatly habited, booted, and much be-veiled; the men in baggy riding breeches, tight at the knees, and wearing cloth gaiters. They are collared, too, and necktied, and we feel a passing twinge of shame in contemplation of our own old "cords" and "sweaters;" but the end justifies them. It is peculiarly the characteristic of an English gentleman to scale a volcano in a boiled shirt, and stiff, high neck gear. Now all are up, and the real start is made. The road, white and dusty, stxetches for a mile across a manuka flat towards Whakarewa- rewa the Unpronounceable. Some say "Wocka- 7011-0" some "Wocka-rewa-rewa," others "Wbacka-re-warewa;" the generality of the un enlightened content themselves with "Wocka." Personally, we favor the first. But it is essen tially a matter of taste or of individual inclina tion- and, however delivered, the name is always breathed with a befitting reverence. Soon we turn off to the left, and face a range of low hills up the side of which a bridle-path is cut. Across Pueronga bridge we draw rein for a moment, to dive aside into the manuka on our right, where two avbite tombstones mark the last restiog- placc of some members of the unfortunate Has- zard family, killed at the Wairoa .during the eruption. Incidentally, most things date from tho eruption in the Rotorua neighborhood. Not far beyond the bridge the ash deposits are in ovidence, and gradually increase southwards. Some four miles out a gorge lies on our right, below the bridle-track. This has taken the place of the old carriage road. Before the eruption the traffic had worn a shallow channel in tho soft pumiceous earth, and the rains, pouring down from the ash-covered hills, scoured along its course, and dug out in the loose soil tbu present gorge. All round tho scene of tbe eruption the rain has cut many such within the last ton years. After we leave the side of the gorge, which we have followed for some two miles- we begin to enter tho Tikitapu Bush. Before eruption this was one of the wildest and most luxuriantly beautiful patches of forest in all tb» islands. Now, though gradually begin ning tbe slow work of recovery, it is a mourn ful wreck. Out of the undergrowth that al ready is growing thick and green great gaunt tree trunks rear themselves, twisted and bleach ed. aud scorched. Huge giants .lie beside the track half burned. Creepers cling round blac kened stumps. All nature, as if ashamed of her vast vandalism, seems to be seeking to cover up the traces of that disastrous night of ten years ago. After the outburst on the mountaiu came a gale that tore its way through, the forest, and immense trees with up-heaved roots turned towards Tarawera bear witness to its destructive force. We pass two lakes, Tikitapu and Roto- 'Kakahi. Once Tikitapu was blue, and the other a vivid green. Now they are milky white. A narrow ridge separates them, and, although it is Dot fifty yards across, the level of Tikitapu is one hundred feet higher than that of Roto- Kakalii. On the northern shore of Tikitapu are some ruined wbares, half- buried in mud and honeysuckle covered. The road skirts the eastern shores of the lakes and crosses the Wairoa stream, running from Roto-Kakahi to Lake Tara wera. Not far from the entrance to the Wairoa Valley stand the picturesque ruins of a lmlf- buried waterwheel. All down the road are weeping willows drooping above green turf, thick fronds of acacia, and the wildest profusion of clinging plants, blackberries, and raspberry bushes. Beyond tho waterwheel, past more weeping willows, and in the midst of densest growth of acacia are the twisted and charred remnants of what, was once M'Rae's Hotel. In a medley of snapped verandah posts, blackened timber, and fantastically distorted sheets of corrugated iron, crippled bedsteads suggest a comparatively luxurious one-time inn, and are reminiscent of clean sheets and little muslin- covered washstands, such as the weary wayfarer, after a long day's mountain climbing, loves to disport liiraself amongst — to cool his burning face in clear cold water, and to stretch his aching limbs along white counterpanes — and one can imagine the physical bliss of the worn-out one, as, after a hearty evening meal, he "blows tbe cool tobacco cloud" whilst night settles down on what was once an Eden. Now, after night- fail, one would not care to linger about this place of ghosts, this stricken paradise. The hun dred dead would troop and gibber !n the groves, and all night long uncanny noises would echo found tho barren mountains. Dim suggestions ; of shrieking fire balls and the lurid glow of that fearful night of days would come from, every I snapping twig or wild duck's screech. One i would see poor Bainbridge bleeding beneath the timbers of the wrecked verandah. Even in day- \ light the place Is eerie. | Here we leavo tho horses tethered with strong I halters in the timber. It would not do for them | to leave us a weary walk of ten miles home, after i we have climbed the mountaiu, so we make sure s of knots, and test well each rope before depart- 1 ing. The track at first stretches through a long i avenue of acacias, with here and there a grace- | fill blue-gum sapling. Then down the side of a | deep gully that runs out into a little arm of Lake | Tarawera. The lake sparkles in its chalklness. I Soon, at tho bottom of the gullyt we have to 1 cross a shallow creek. The guides divest them- 3 selves of shoes and stockings, and carry us over. | IVe are no burden to these sturdy natives, al- | though the average weight of tho party cannot be | much below twelve stone. Then we scramble | round the foot of a hill, and come out upon a | little beach, where the boats are kept. They are | long ships' boats, heavy lo pull, and of great | carrying capacity. The head guide produces long | . oars and rowlocks from somewhere In the scrub, | ' and wo settle ourselves aboard, the Maories pull- | tag, and the Pakehas lu the stern-sheets. Out of I - the little bay, round a low point, and straight | across tho lake towards the great square hump of | the volcano. The coast line is monotonous. No I vegetation, nothing but grey ash, worn and cut a by the rains into innumerable gullies and minia- ; | ture ravines. Occasionally a clump of tol-toi, the beautiful plumed pampas grass of New Zea- | land, waves in solitary grace above tbe ash-beds. | Our rowers are singing now— a long rhythmic | chant, through which runs the burthen of a ;l grunt, us they straighten their broad backs | each time they lift the boat. "What | clean-limbed, magnificent fellows they are! Smil- tog, copper-faces above deep chests; lean loins I above strong thighs; well-proportioned knee Joints I above swelling calves; these last above tapering j| ankles. The song is a rowing song. Kiwi J in the bow sings loudest and pulls least. This 1 leads to a rebuke from stroke to the effect that Kiwi had better save his wind to strengthen his ij back. Out in the lake there is. a head wind, (j The music ceases and tho rowers toil. The boat J has a little water in It which one of the ladles I proceeds to bail out. Kiwi sees this, and is de- a lighted. For half a second he hangs upon his | oar. A smile spreads itself over his sweaty I visage. He murmurs ICapa! te wahine pakelia — I broadly, "Bully for the white woman." Stroke | ugain admonishes and he rows on. After a h time wo aro across tho lako, and the boat Is ruu up on a white pumice boach under the sou thern end of the mountain. We are on a low ridge separating Lakes Tarawera and Rotoma- hana. Just as Jn the case of Tikitapu and Roto- Kakahf, the level of the lakes differs. We tie up the boat. There is a little fringe of manuka here, a little flax, and somo toi-toi. Also, there Is a natural soda water spring. . We possess the other ingredient In several flasks, and so arc enabled to fortify ourselves for the heavy work before us. The men divest themselves of coats and collars and other impedimenta, the ladies pin up their riding habits, the Maoris appear in nothing but singlets, trousers, and boots, and we make a beginning of the climb. At first across a flat of ash and pumice and great blocks of scoria. All over if. are various sized lumps of black obsidian, shining in the sun like polished boots. Everywhere, too, arc fire-balls and volcanic bombs. Up a rain-cut gorge, and at length we reach the foot of the spur that runs up to the crater. Here we leave more clothes behind; and now the tug of war begins. The slope gradually steepens in a gentlo curve. All under foot the loose debris slips and rattles. For three feet that we rise we sink back two. And so, in" the hot sun that beats up again from the baked mountain side, wp labcriously ellmb. From a group, the party becomes a procession. There is little talking. The thirsty ridge is anointed with great drops of perspiration. Handkerchiefs are placed under caps, and hang down behind to shield scorched necks. Half a mile up we halt, and the proces sion again becomes a group. We pant; we wish we were dogs to hang our dry tongues out and become cool. We wish for whisky, for lemon squash, for Iced milk. We start again. And now the mountain seems to overhang us. Still we climb. In course of time we are clambering over an outcrop of black and grey rocks, and at length stand gazing down an abyss at whose bottom Is a little muddy lake. This is the Little Crater, into whose gaping mouth ran Lake Roto- mahana, when, pouring upon the subterranean fires, the water caused the great series of ex plosions whose huge force rent the whole length of tho mountain from south to north.' A short rest here, and on again. At length two of tho party reach the shelf just below the last ascent. The others are seen toiling up the bare mountain side — black dots, half a mile below. We refrain from looking round, desiring to save the full burst of scenery until we can sit upon tbe sum mit and drink it in at our leisure. Up again. The sun is glaring. There is no shade, but a gentle zephyr comes, sulphur laden, playing round the side of the volcano. Across half a mile of comparative lovelncss, and the last steep pinch is before us. Wo face it manfully. We pull, we drag ourselves up; we scale great boulders; we scrunch across black lava. At times we 'think that we are near the top. The grey ridge seems to lie against the deep blue of the sky. We re joice; our troubles are at an end. We double our exertions; we reach the point above — we find another, and a steeper climb in front of us. But at last we are there. Wo drop down, ach ing and panting, and very dry, upon the crater edge. We look round towards the south. "Oh, hell," says an Australian, whom exertion makes profane. "Oh, God!" remarks an Englishman, who has that reverence which Is lacking in 'all Australians, the want of which is the reason why some of tis are larrikins, others desire separation, and others become directors of bogus hanks. We gaze, we drink it all in, we become drunk upon the outlook. Away, very far away to tho southward the pale green-bluish sky touches the dimly azure horizon of mountain ranges. Here and there are snow-capped peaks. Tongariro rises above the average, white and glistening. What looks like steam comes up in a thin column from its western slope. From the hazy blue of the far mountains the landscape in creases in depth of color towards the foreground. Tongariro is one hundred miles away. Near us. as a contrast to all the opal tints of the far-off ranges, as a dreadful horrid contrast, lies the very desolation of Desolation. Miles of ruined loveliness; a great expanse of gashed and de vastated country — ash-covered, rain-scored, lone ly. Where the terraces were, ashes; where the Tikitapu bush was. ashes; where the wooded points ran down to Rotomahana, ashes; every where, ashes. God! how awful, how terrible, how wasteful. Why should fire and death, and whistling, shrieking destruction have come upon this loveliest spot of all the South Pacific? Are there not arid places of the earth where all this might have happened? Are there not dreary, lonely waste places in the "Never-never?" A cyclone comes and roots up Nevertire. Who cares except the weary "Nevertireds?" But this is a loss to the whole of the nations of the earth. It is just as if Leighton, or Millais, or Corot had gashed their masterpieces with sharp knives; just as if the -city organist had played his best and then thumped the keyboard, of the organ with an axe. What can the Almighty have been thinking of? The crater is a huge cleft in the mountain top, many miles long, a few hundred yards wide, and the Lord knows how deeply it extends into the roots of the range. Near the edge the fire-red dened strata arc bent and twisted like folds of soft, thick cloth; . the walls are almost vertical. We turn back and go home, rather saddened by what we have seen. We eat our lunch at the soda spring. We recross the lake, we ride tho ten miles again. The twilight is on Rotorua when we return, lights show iu the houses, the hot springs send their steam up straight In the clear evening air. A band in the sanatorium grounds is playing "Funiculi Funicula" as we pass by; we buy drinks for our guides; we feed ourselves; we go to bed. /" 