A LINCOLNSHIRE GHOST STORY. GRUESOME DISCOVERY AT A FARMHOUSE. From Halton Holerate, a village near Spilsbury, Lincolnshire. comes a quaint ghost story, bringing with it. however, an air of reality in the form of authoritative details which aceounts for the sensation it has caused in the neighborhood. The spot where the uneartldy tappings and other unfamiliar sounds denoting the presence of an apparition are reported is a farmhouse near the village, standing back some distance from the high road. A Lincoln reporter, who visited it last month, found it occupied by a Mr. and Mrs. Wilson and their servant man. Wlhen questioned Mrs. Wilson was at first very reluctantto make any stateime nit, but subsequently narrated a rated a rather re markable story. According to this the Wilsons came to the place on Lady 1)ay last. The first night or so they heard very strange noises about midnight, as though a mysterious person was knock ing at the doors and walls. Once it seemed as though someone was hurriedly mo ing about all the furniture down stairs. Another time the noise was like a. heavy picture falling from the wall: but in the morning the inmates found everything as right as it was the night before. Nevertheless the servant man left the premises, saying he dare not stop, and the Wilsons had to secure the services of another. About six weeks ago " something " was seen. One night Mrs Wilson, before getting into bed, where her husband had already retired, thought she would go down stairs and see if the cow was safe. She satisfied herself that the animal was all right, and was at the foot of the stairs preparing to go up again when she saw an old nman standing above her at the top and gazing directly at her. " He was standing," said Mrs Wilson, " as though he was very round-shouldered. How I got past I cannot say, but I darted past him into the bedroom and slamuned the door. Even here,.however, I felt someone was behind meinc. I turned rolnd sharply, and there again stood the same old man. He quickly vanished, but I am quite certain I saw him. I have also seen him several times since, though not quite so distinctly." After recounting her strange expe riences, Mrs Wilson conducted the re porter to the sitting-room, where a gruesome discovery had been made. In one corner the floor, it appeared, was very uneven, and here a day or two ago Mrs Wilsoln took up the iricks with the intention of relaying them. No sooner had she done this, however, than a most disagreeable odor was emitted. Her sus picions were aroused. She called her husband, with whose -assistance a minute examination of the place was commenced. Withl a stick three or four bones were soon turned over, to gether with a gold ring and several pieces of old black silk. All these had evidently been buried in quicklime, the bones and silk being obviously burst therewith. The search was not prose cuted further, but a quantity of sand was introduced, and the floor was quickly levelled again. Here, accordingly, are all the elements of a last century romance. Pending further developments it is interesting to note that Mrs Wilson holds the belief that at some time or other foul play must have taken place in the farmhouse she is lining in. Dr Gay, to whomn the bones were submitted, stated that tile bones were undoubtedly luman, but lihe believed they would be nearly ll) years old. 