S:GRAYTOWN. (FRoM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) Two young men of unassuming preten tions were for a few days lately taking a ^eiew of geodetic surveys, which from their cursory retreat I -attribute to an ineffectual attempt to move the 145 mori diane The gentlemen took their dtparture for Redcastle on Thursday, 16th instant. I.iss Horner, who furnished the pabu lum for young minds during the past three and a half years is proceeding to Koo-Wee Rup, where re-clamation is in progress. Retrenchment by mining managers is not at all times satisfactory, the judicious continuance of borrowing a horse leading to fight and disappointment that makes " Bolton" preferable to bolting. That parental and state training is neglected on some juveniles attending our State School was exemplified hi the care less use of matches by innocent minds starting a bush fire, which fortunately wa brought under after burning half a mile of bush grass and dead timber, while it i painful to interview one of these after he attains the age of six years and listen with astonishment how he endeavours to extri cate himself with a bare-faced fib. Harvest returns are satisfactory and the combined reapers and binders, of which. this place abound, are awaiting next year's growth. Mir Oddy had his renovated, but the first day's work found it suffering from toothache and bladebone fracture that climatic season idolised and forced the purchase of a new one, which arrived first train on receipt of telegram. Ducks, young and old, are promised a sprightly Christmas, and judging from their abundance about Major's Creek, a less marksman than Gundagi should be amply rewarded. An incredulous rumour that our little town is becoming a favorite resort for ghosts was cleared of superstition recently, when one that gave chase found two live ghosts in fond embrace. The Hon. Tim Boon Keng, a Singapore Chinaman of culture and position, who was supposed to have accepted the Christ ian faith wrote, in a recent address pub lished in the now " Straits Chinese Maga zine," as follows, " I believe that when fafthfully carried 0oit and supported bya modern course of liberal education, Con fucianitm is the ideal religion for which the thinking and critical world is looking." The " Age" ofWVednesday the 15th inst. is responsible for the following:-" Sey mour, Tuesday. About 7 p.m. to-day, the station buildings and signal box were totally destroyed by fire. Several 'trucks were standing at the station at the time and narrowly escaped being consumed. On the arrival of the North-eastern passen ger train the trucks were brought on to Mones. Considerable inconvenience will be occasioned by the block. All trains are advised to approach the station with caution. The Melbourne train arrived here 45 minutes." 