[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] THE GRINDING MILLS OF GOD. By RITA. Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "A Woman In It," "A Husband of No Importance," "Joan and Mrs. Carr, Sheba," &c.;, &c.; [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER XXXVIII.—(Continued.) THE sensation of this case was the evidence of the two nurses, and the extracts from their diaries as read and com- mented on by their counsel, and on which they were examined. Begin- ning with the acquaintance at Glen- gariff, and the strange symptoms of the invalid, Nellie Nugent was ques- tioned and cross-questioned on the point set up by the defence, that arsenic had undoubtedly been administered to the deceased lady, but it had been given for a certain complaint from which she suffered, just as in like manner the morphia had been administered for sleeplessness. In confutation of this, came the evi- dence of the two nurses as to Mrs. Langrishe's rapid improvement in health after the accidental breaking of the bottle of medicine her husband had left for her, and the discontinuance of the said medicine during the remainder of her stay at the hotel. At this point the brown paper parcel was taken from the table and handed to the witness. She identified it as the one that Dr. Langrishe had sent to Glengariff for his wife, and which she had placed on a shelf in the cupboard of her bedroom. It had lain there in a corner un- observed, unopened, until sent for as an item of evidence in the case. It had been analysed, and the analysis was submitted to judge and jury. The amount of arsonic contained in it would have killed any adult, even one accustomed to taking it, in a week. The sensation at this point was tremendous. The face of the accused was ashen- white as he saw that bottle—the for- gotten, incriminating record of his first blundering attempt. Medical evidence in support of the nurses' story closed the case for the first day, and left it black enough against the accused man as he was driven back to the gaol. For three days he stood in the dock, and saw arrayed against himself the deadly crowd of dimming facts which his blindness and foolhardiness had overlooked. He heard those records of the diaries, and cursed the folly that had suffered those female spies within his doors. With the desire of averting suspicion he had only aroused it. Deborah Gray's evidence seemed to impress the court even more than Nellie's. Her calm, serious face, her simple, direct answer, her evident reluc- tance to state anything save what was absolutely necessary, gave her admis- sions a greater weight, than her friend's. Her cross-examination was lengthy and severe, but nothing could shake her grave serenity. It was only when the defending counsel asked her roughly why she had not mentioned her sus- picions at the time of Mary Langrishe's death that she hesitated in her answer. She looked at the guilty man for the first time. All the colour left her face. Her eyes drooped. Her voice trembled. 'I—I do not consider it professional to talk about a case,' she said. 'Besides, I was ill myself. I was not with Mrs. Langrishe at the time of her death. She was in her grave before I knew anything of what had happened. And no one has a right to utter suspicions that they cannot verify.' 'You could not verify yours?' de- manded the prosecution. 'No,' she said, very low. 'But you believe James Langrishe. did administer poison with criminal intent, to his wife?' 'I do.' Then James Langrishe knew that her hand had put the first strand of the fatal rope about his neck, and in his heart of hearts he cursed her as the author of his ruin. He scarcely listened to Bridget Lehane, who followed Deborah into the box, and rambled on about the ghost and the drugged coffee until the prose- cution and defence alike lost patience, and could make nothing out of her evidence. He raged at his own folly now for surrounding his house with gossiping, credulous idiots, who had only eaten his bread and then turned upon him in the hour of adversity. Perhaps the cruellest and blackestt hour of all he had to face was the hour when Di Ffolliott, pale as death, and clothed all in black, stood up in her turn, and he had to listen to her answers as the sharp, cool voice of the famous Q.C. dragged unwillingly admissions of that wild love, that fevered impatience, that hurried broken marriage, from her pale lips. His long-sustained self-command gave way then. He bent down and covered his face with his hands. In his heart he said, 'The bitterness of death is past now. It cannot be worse than this!' CHAPTER XXXIX. The speech for the defence was as able and brilliant as it was unconvinc- ing. Even the judge pitied the hope- less effort, and the accused man listened with a bitter smile on his pale lips, knowing its utter uselessness in face of all that had gone before. It was odd that never until he had faced this trial had he even dimly imagined he had awakened a suspicion in the mind of his fellow mortals. How the first terrible design had taken shape he could scarcely tell. The mad in- fatuation for Di Ffolliott, that im- patience with the sickly, uninteresting woman whom he had married solely for her wealth, these he remembered; and then the gradual hope that freedom would come soon and by its blessed chance he might secure the one woman he had ever coveted—without success. At that time the ugly thought had found no place in his mind; but little by little it had formulated itself, grow- ing stronger aud more tempting with every day that barred him from those lovely arms. Human life had no very special value in his eyes. He had tested poisons on living creatures with utter callousness as to their sufferings. Sick- ness had rarely aroused any wider sym- pathy in his breast than the perplexity or difficulty of the case demanded, and as little by little he trod the path of possibilities it seemed scarcely wrong to his specious reasoning that he should assist those possibilities, instead of await them. His conscience was not of the trouble- some order, and he became, after a time, interested in his own experiments. He told himself they were so easy, so natural, so utterly beyond detection. It was only when Deborah Gray had established herself as his wife's guardian that he grew desperate to the verge of recklessness. The woman he loved so madly had withdrawn altogether. He never saw her, he rarely heard from her. His soul was afire with longing to be by her side, and yet he was detained hereby miserable convention. One unguarded moment, one blundering action, and all the elaborate structure he had so prided himself upon, crumbled to the dust. He could put his hand on the weak place now, but then, so blind and besotted had he been, that he had never even recognised a weak place at all. All this flashed before him as he sat in the dock between his two gaolers, and listened to the specious arguments in his favour that his counsel presented to the jury. He knew it was so much waste of breath and fine words. He had known his case was hopeless from the moment that fatal bottle had been unearthed from its forgotten shelf, from the moment that Deborah Gray had calmly and judiciously endorsed her written records by her clear, unshaken evidence. The impression she had made nothing could obliterate. How he cursed now the folly that had made her his enemy, that had placed him in her power, even as once her blind trust and love for him had placed her in his. That cool and masterly skill on which he had prided himself looked now the veriest blundering of a child. It had never occurred to him that anyone would doubt his wife had died from the after effects of typhoid, accelerated by the shock to her weak heart of that fright she had experienced on the night of her death. And all had gone so well —for a time. He had even lost any sense of fear, had never dreamed of post-mortems, or inquest, or inquiries. He had been so sure he was safe. He had blessed that fever for sealing Deborah Gray's lips, he had allowed himself such contempt for little, hysterical, warm- hearted Nell, and yet those two weak, despised women had overthrown the whole elaborate structure of his self-defence, had placed around his neck the noose that would hang him. He started suddenly. The voice of his counsel had ceased. There was a brief moment of silence. Then came a rustle of papers. The judge fixed his glasses, and raised his head and looked at him, and began his summing up of the case. [TO BE CONTINUED.] ____ Our serial story "Only a Flirt is crowded out of to-day's Telegraph , but will be con- tinued on Monday. 