AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. In accordance with his usual custom, Mr. Alfred Uampier concluded his dramatic season at the Theatre Royal on Friday night with a Shakespearean performance. These who had Shakespearean performance. previously seen and admired Mr. Dampier'e scholarly performance in " Hamlet" were glad of the opportunity which the selection of the immortal tragedy afforded them of renewing that pleasure, while others who had only seen the favorite actor in modern and somewhat sensational drama were hot a little curious to witness the transforma tion of Captain Starlight, the bushranger; into Hamlet, l'rince of Denmark. To the latter it was at once apparent that Mr. Dampier's con ception of the character was the result of long and careful study, and its execution the out come of artistic instinct and an intimate ac quaintance with the higher realms of dramatic expression. The impersonation is eminently picturesque, Hamlet's Scandinavian nationality being indicated by a profusion of flaxen hair, which forms a striking but consistent contrast with his "customary suit of solemn black." But the actor by no means relies upon mere picturesqueness for effect; his reading of the lines rivets the attention of the audience, for while at all times impressive it is at others exceptionally vivid and pregnant with strength and originality. Mr. Datnpier obtains vis finest effects by his naturalness of demeanor and his freedom from exaggeration, nor were these qualities anywhere displayed to greater advantage than in the famous soliloquy on death, which acquires its remarkable character from the fact that to the actor the medita tive element in Hamlef s character has seemed most essential. Where declamation was necessary, as in the soliloquy, **0 what a rogue and peasant slave am I," these was so lack of passion in voice and gesture, and yet in his scenes with Ophelia and with his mother the love he felt for the one and the filial affec tion for the other were touchingly and con vincingly emphasised. The advice to the players was given with excellent taste and quiet force, only marred by a slight lapse near its conclusion. It is nmww. sary to say more with .regard to Mr. Dampier's performance save that to those who had previously witnessed his portrayal of the character tUere were many manifestations that the interval had bat matured its -rmdnmnn, while to those to whom it wasa new experience it came as an unexpected and therefore highly appreciated pleasure. 'Next in point of in terest and excellence to the central fignreof the tragedy was undoubtedly the Foloniusof that **? |n*ri??TifpH and sterling actor, Mr. XAch lan McCSowan. 'Rich in humor and onaint in treatment it was throughout a delightful per formance and thoroughly merited the frequent and persistent applause with which it was greeted. Miss Rose Dampier gave a graceful and intelligent rendering "of-" the part of Ophelia, showing to particular advantage in the mad scene, and Miss Julia Merlon was dignified as the Queen. Mr. Alfred Rolfe mode a manly and vigorous Xaertes, and Mr. J£dmond Holloway, who shunned ffie conven tional tones commonly assumed by the Ghost, found favor with, the audjence... Sfc. F. C. Appleton as the Ttmor'frn.vitti^i PTi??lfrnfcfrfrafl?i^ of the character, and Mr. George Buller was quaintly humorous as the First Grave Digger, the rare quality of his wit being in great con trast to the unutterable "downing" of his assistant. The audience throughout was an appreciative one, and the performance of "Hamlet" brought a successful season to an appropriate conclusion. . 