a, miracle in ?'?/Sidney. ; ; CASE INVESTIGATED BY )k SCOEE OF 'PEOPLE, AND VOUCHED FOR BY A PROMINENT MEMBER ? OF PARLIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG-, CONSIDERED INCURABLE - : BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS' OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CON- ' QUERED. a-grea't Victory for dr. .,;williams' pink pills. (From the Australian Worhman.) ,On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble home uf Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Syd ney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. . In reply to the preliminary ques tions, he said : 'You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. ' The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering ?' ' Well, twelve months ago I got . so bad that I had to leave off work and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christ mas, I met with an accident ; I was Isadly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet ? at the Grlebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms ?' ''Simply .indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as 1 could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting: my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuis ance to myself and everyone else. T was incessantly shivering and shak ing, and could neither eat nor Bleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the 'Director of Charitable Institu tions ' ' Did you make use of the order?' 'No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not . get out. of bed. I felt then that it - was all over with me, and only a , question of days when I would give up the ghost. My - doctor was attending me, and did. all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I ? was under him five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I ? was suffering from locomotor ataxia, ; or progressive locomotor afjaxy, a ? disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbance of ' gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating \ voluntary movements. He told me .:;/ that I might last for 10 years,. and ; ? that I might never get the use of : my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drown ing man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the ? advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, Which I read in the Australian Workman, by vDr, ?'?Williams*. Pink Pills f or ; ? Pale'i People. I read in the adver tisement of a case which seemed to fit.iny own, I determined to give Pink Bills a trial anyway, and sent for, a-box.- The effect was as mar vellous as is was magical. I was able to 'eat and sleep as though ... nothing, was the matter with me. It; was the first appetite and rest I - had for many a day. It was .incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move, about. X. have taken. four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks,' and am now: taking the fifth box, I can walk about with the aid of a ? stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality, You see those crutches ? there ? They are perfectly new, and I ? have never used them. They were made for me before I got' the ? Pink;Pills, but I was too weak to . use them, and now I don't want them.; All I want is this stick, and '~ I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' . ' He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in . and taken the baby on her knees. 'The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. 