A GRAVEYARD GHOST. Sly experience of ghosts has not been very extensive. The only specimen I ever met was while cycling In Ireland nearly two years ago. I was obliged to put up one night at an unthlv villain inn, and while sitting In the—well, out of courtesy I will call It the bar parlor- enjoying the society of some quaint vil lage wits, an excited Hibernian burnt In upon us with tho startling announce ment that he hud nenrly been frightened to death by a ghost In the churchyard, which was but a stone's throw from the Inn. I ridiculed the Idea, and volunteered to go and Investigate, and Invited some of tho bolder spirits to uccompany me; and so some half-dozen of us left the inn nnd proceeded in the semi-darkness to the ruinous lychgatc. Wo entered the lonely and neglected burial ground, and softly rounding a big yew-tree camo plump upon a weird, white figure, with long, wildly gesticulating arms, whose ghostly contortions sent a chill quiver ing down my spine. WUh a yell my companions bolted In n body, falling over one anothor in their haste, while I called "out as boldly as i could, "W— who ore you?" and a muf fled voice replied, "Shure Ilia only my self that's after tryln' on Pathot O'Con nor's shirt I was takln' to the wash ; bedad, it's an llllgant fit, but the devil a bit can I find the way out o' the old rag at all, at all." HAUNTED CHAIR. I have a mania for antiquities, and a few monthe ago I came across a curious old carved chair. It was broken, so I ' got It cheap, glued It, and placed It In I my snuggery for a smoking chair. I ' did not use It much, for I always felt j tight and uncomfortable In It, and sleepy..;! always alt up lata reading, with my dog Rex ait my' only com panlon. . - I Bos bated that pi dMlb nA jkohIA I never He on It, and would . bark ... growl at It. One night l drew k „M ' the table, having some writing , again noticed the pressing sen,,, 1 and felt very cold. I ltex very roaUeee, .hlv.rlne !£ moaning. Tho houaokeeoer JL4?11 Ft-'-i. und then laughed. X must bo half acleep, for I could hav. , 1 dared 1 saw a i,mn sUiimT i chair." 1 sat reading for a lone til?1 then rose and turned to the table sitting In tho chair, was an ohlm. the moHt fiendish face possible ture. He wus lean.nn lonir arm. paMlnK over It. lt„ b b moan plteotlnly. Then the thing, anil nnrane on to my should, 1 fell to tho ground stunned Wh.. canto to myself, Busan ami herhu.k J were loaning over nto. My thra., i1 mo, and I found round It livid"'!? mark.. Tlio next day I ordered J X" chop up the chair and hum It ?S"J® sent wo dlHcovei od a nccr-l drawee talnlng a pencil sketch of the flL7T Had seen, anil two small mummied hi!/ holding a ponell. Was It m ... . , the .sketch? V" I 