CHI'tPTIkE; XXX.-ETWEEN THE OLD LIFE AND THE NEW. The Earl of Ruysland- was seated alone 'at Scarswood, brooding over the iecollectlon of the confession made by Hlarriet Harman, when a hasty sum mons was given at the door, and, In an swer to a peremptor "Colle in." on his lordship's part, the footman, Soanmes, presented hiniself. " The post, my lord-letters for your lordship." The bowing Soames placed a silver salver. on which lhalf a dozen letters were arranged before his lordship, and backed iroal the room. Thiere-were one or two for. Lady Cecll \--une from Sir Arthur Tregenna-two for Lady Dahgerfleld, and two for him self. The first of these letters was on business from his solicitor, the other in a hand that was new to hint. HIe broke it open. It was lengtlhy. lie glanced at the name--"l:edmond O'Donnell." .'Now. wlhat does O'Donnell mean by making mlie wade through four closely written pages." his lordship' saLd. In aln aggrieved tone. "How little consider ation some people have for the fealings of their fellow-beings! I'll have to look over it, at least, T suppose." He adjusted hIls eye-glass, smoothed out the pages. and glanced through them. "Miss Ilerncastle"-' Kather Ine Dangertleld "--what did it nmean ' Everywhere those two names! His lassitude vanished. He began at the beginning, and slowly and carefully read the letter through. His face changed as it had not changed when Harriet IHarman told hint that his daughter was not his daughter. "Goodness above! what was this ? Katherine Dangerfield not dead! Kath erine Dangerfield and Miss Herneastle one and the same! Katherine Danger field his daughter! Katherine Danger field andaMiss Herncastle one! It was platnty there-Il'"the' proofs, one after another; no need for verifica tion-no "doubtling-no, disputing now. Site had ndt died. He recalled the plc ture of Lionel Cardonnell in the posses sion of the governess, her interest In the story, the strong likeness to his dead wife, that had struck him the-first time he saw her. The ghost and the resemblance to Katherine Dangerfield were explained now. A wig and dyed eyebrows were all the disguises site had assumed. What a bold game she had played! And Tregenna had fallen in love with her. and he had done his best to separate them-and tried to induce him to pro pose to Harriet Harmnan's daughter. His daughter lived-had reiented at the eleventh hour-had burned the con* fesslon-renounced her retribution-and gone into the world alone and unaided to fight the bitter battle of life. "Oh, Heaven!" he cried. " this is the hardest to hear of r1ll" The drawing-room dbor opened as he sat there, and Lady Cecil came in. Sithe wore one of her white summer dresses, the dresses she liked best, and in which she looked her loveliest. A knot of fairy roses in her bosotm, a rose-hued rlhbon binding back the hazel hair, and the pearly face, ever colorless,bhlanched. as It had been since the revelation first came upon her, to a dead white. "Papa," she cried-the name that for twenty years had been familiar to her lips would never be resigned-" what has happened-anything new?" "Yes, something new-something very hard to believe,. very hard to bear. Queenie, the grave and the headstone in Castleford churchyard are falsehoods and cheats. Katherine Dangerfield never died!" She stood and looked at him--speech less with surprise. -Dangerfield did not die-she lives under another name. Can you guess it?" "I can. It is Helen Herncastle." He placed the letter lie had just read in her hand. - "Read that," he said ; "It is from O'Donnell, and explains all. I think I could have borne anything but this." Even in that moment she shrank a little at the sudden mention of O'Don nell's name. Lord Ruysland placed the lengthy epistle in her hand, and rose up to resume Ills walk. "Sit down," he said, "it's a long affair to read, and you don't look fit to stand. Are you ill. Queenie? Your face is the color of your dress." She read the letter over very slowly the facts were placed so clearly in or der that there could be no doubt. Kath erlne Dangerfield lived in Helen Hern castle, Lord Ruyslatid's daughter, whose rightful name and place she her self had usurped so long. Lord Ruys land's daughter, wronged beyond all reparation, maddenedSby wrongs until she had turned at bay, lihad done unto others as she had been done by. And now she had "not only departed from Searswood, but from Castleford. fored out once more to face the pitiless world, friendless, penniless, alone. "Oh;-it Is h'ard-it is cruel-it is bit ter!" she cried, starting up. "Papa, let us go to her-let us find her, at once at once! I will resign et'erything-I will make what reparation I can. But 'vho on earth can ever compensate her for whiai she has suffered? How shall I ever dare to look hei' in the face? And to think-- that my-my.nother ---" She ioviered her face with both hands In a passionate outbreak of tears. "Be quiet,'Queenle," was Lord Ruys land's answer, a touch of impatient pain In volce-and face; "therl is no qtuestion of our. being too late ..Fate-has dealt hardly;~=lth her, I allow-with us all, if it comes to that. Thipkyof the scandal. .the gossip-of?thp woild, the talk of the London. lulbs and drawing:rooms. Good B,,heeaveia! it- "id enough. to drivew i ? a? wild'!. ' .'tOne •thing about ,w?tglgierful turn 'of ev?ea sfrikes me ai.most aunderfll of all, and that is, that aO?onnell's .I liter ference she should g?T~ up her revenge. burln Mrs HIarman's confession, and throwr up tile gamdi- the momnent it was hers. That I don't understand. Women are a riddle; it's a hlack'eyed aphorism, lbut for sound truth'might be affinxed to the Four Gospels. I say again,-If she hald been In love with the fellow--iut I thought Sit Arthur ---" lie stopped, and glance~d furtively at Cecl. hll, wts standing, her ey. s donwnast, a lovely rtose-pinhk IIush on either cheek. Perhaps )by solie Iiward Intuition her wolnan's nature understood this other womlan's-iperhaps sonime glnimterlng of that trllth toi which O'Donnell himself wa. blind rke ulon hler. -'o Cecil Clive It seemned a very easy thin;g' for aon \oioman to love ledmond O'Donnell. "You look as if yoiu understood, Queenie," the earl said. "Solve this riddle, if you can." "I think the solution mnst ie the in nate nobility and generosity of-how shall we call hIer?--lMiss Ierncastle, then, herself. For she is noble-she is great alnmost ieyond lelief. Captain O'Donnell is right. It is a noble nature wuarped in spite of her; others in hier place, with lier genius, would lhav'e done far worse. You moust learn to love her., Dapa: to look uponi her ais Soii- dauigh ter-to let her take the name I hear-the place I till when I an " Her voice broke. "Sir Arthur Tregenna's wife. Is that what you .nould say, Queenle? Well' -an Impatlent.sigh here-"I sunppose I must try." "WVhen I ant oune-that is what I meant to sat, papa. For I will go-It is only just I should go back to the Ilfe to shiclh I was born.i And I will. inever tie Sir Arthur- Tregenna's wife. Thls letter"--she took it up-"I see is from Sir Arthur to me. 1 ihen I AnswertGf. It wJll .bs- totell lil ttihow dista'teftil stich a iiiarriage would be to me." Lord IRuysland listened, his old weary, calm returnilg-hils hlabitual expression, half-cynical. half-Indiffere t--back. "Quixotic, but correct. perlhaps. You will offer. tir Arthur his freedomt-- very generous on your part; and lie will re fuse it--eiually generous on his. You "ar eritghit, Quenle7-go through the form by all means: It'l snseatlI would di t?y-? self In ,youir place. But you will ulaarry Sir Arthtir, nevertheless.' . '" will otever marr. Sir Artolur. In all likelihood I shall ne er marry at all. You need not smile llke that, patl--I mean it. Sir Arthur loves .your real dautghlter and one day lie will- marry. her. 1Her faults have been many: but ivhen lie knows the truth such love as his will fiud it easy to overlook those faults. lie was anxious for.me to be come his wife because, through no fault of his, hei felt he stood in some way con-. Ilittld, and I--- oll! I wias base anitl tin generous whenu I thought of acceptingl: him. I that Ileklcteti at I knowtlhe truth before it Is too late. If he loved inme. even, and if I loved hint. I would-still refuse to lbeca:me his wife unow. As it is, tiall the powers on earth would note force loe to marry hint." The curl saw that Pshe sloke the truth -that till argumennt was useless here! "Y''ou do 't love hlln," he reptied, quietly; "then perhaps you do love some one else--the Free C'onpaltlon, tles.ldler of fortune. the Cha.aseur d'Afrique. for instance?" inte looked at hisn steadily. the color deep on her cheeks. a bright light in her eyes. "Yets!" site said, proudly, resolutely; "'I love him! I have loved hiln from the hour I saw hinlu tirst!" "And Ihe liLts told you all, no doubt tihe story of Torryglen and his youthful plrosmlption alld folly. tolerably out lived In six years' campaigning. If I judged hhn rightly?" The glow deepened on her face-"the light that never 'wavs on sea or laud." the light of love thalt knows Itself beloved again. "Ile has told mse," she said. unlder her breath, "and lie has not outlived It thank Ileaven! Yes. though I should never see hitl agFilonon earth--thankl Heaven. Pala, do you think you did right then?" "Well, 'no. Morally speaking. perhaps I didl ot: socially speaking, I am sureI did. You couldn't have married hism, Queenle-I hope you know that. And yoi, catI't marry him now either, that I o.taosee. Think of roughing It.out In Algeria, grilling alive under an-African sun-no society, a camp follower.'. anid sooner or later an Irish officer's half-pay widow. He's a fine fellow-talways was -the sort, by gad! if I were a woman, I should like to marry myself. ,But you havel't been birought up to rough it, and -it won't do, Queenle. It won't do." The color had faded from her face, the Ilappy light from her eyes; a .wistful wearlness and longing had taken their place. "'Well, well. we won't discuss the question at present. Queenie. Take your letter and answer it. We will have Sir Arthur directly after, and you aind lie can settle these heroics between you. Still, I think, if II wee- 3o10. I wOtld marry him, Queenle." Site smiled In answer, stooped, and kissed him as he sat dow'n. "You ought to hate me fir mly--my mother's sake. If not for nmy own," she said. "You are very good to me, Iiord T.uysland." "Ais I?" he answered, rather drearily. 'Being 'very good' to any one has not been the besetting virtue of my life. We'll not talk of my goodness. Cecil. child; it'si a subject that won't bear dis cussion." (TM. be Continued.) 