Buried Secrets. CHIAPTER XXVI. Lorn TII0osNCOMBn controlled his terrible excitement and agitation with a stern and powerful effort, but his breathing was hard and quick, and his face was ghastly in its whiteness. Piers Dalyell stood soniewhat behind the earl, the incarnation of sinister joy and triumph. Mrs. Flint, struggling with a terror she could not quite conceal, her cunning eyes having an expression of cowardly shrinking, stood in a half-crouching position.: Lolette halted, her bold, black eyes surveying one after another of the group. She betrayed no recognition of Dalyell. She, too, had learned her lesson thoroughly. Dalyell had secretly hoped that she would show more refinement of words and manner. He had informed her that she was the grand daughter and heiress of an earl, and had im plored her to endeavour to create a favour able impression upon Lord Thorncombe. But it seemed to the schemer that Lolette was coarser, ruder, and more self-assertive than ever. In truth, the young woman was angry with Dalyell for having married her, leaving her in ignorance of her expectations. She said to herself that if he had not induced her to marry him, she might in time have won some wealthy peer. He had told her the whole truth, that lie was poor and had traced her out and had made her his wife in order to secure her fortune to himself. She felt a sullen hatred towards him, and she could show her anger in no other way than in making herself as disagreeable as possible in the presence of Lord Thorncombe. No thoughts of her own interests re strained lies-. The earl could not contest or set aside her claims upon him. As she was his grandchild, so she was his heiress, and he must take her just as she was, ' What's up 1' she demanded, addressing Mrs. Flint. 'Who are these swells ? And what do they want here at this time of night ' 'They are gentlemen who have called to see you, Lolly,' said Mrs. Flint, .with an im ploring glance. Lolette threw off her velvet sack and gaily-trimmed hat, and stood befdte them, bluxom, heavy, and large of frame, her red cheeks redder than ever, her eyes bolder and brighter than ever, and her coiuntenance wearing an expression which can be described in no other term than brazen. She looked at Dalyell superciliously, but fixed her eyes upon the stately earl with something of admiration. 'W\ell,' she said, 'if you want anything of me, speak out. Don't be bashful. The old lady here seems to forget to intrbduce us. I am Lolette Ryan. Who are you?' Lord Thorncombe turned to Mrs. Flint, who was rapidly whispering injunctions to Lolette to behave differently. ' Madam,' he said, ' is this the girl who has been known as your daughter Lolette 1' 'She is, sir.' 'Is she the daughter of George Berwyn and his wife, whom you served in Australia 1' His voice rang through the room like a trumpet, but clear and stern as the voice of an accusing angel. MIrs. Flint shook visibly and cowered under his eagle glance, but she answered: ' She is, sir. She is Blanche Berwyn !' Lolette stared, then burst into 'a coarse laugh. 'Am I not Lolette Ryan ?' she cried. ' Am I not your daughter, old lady I' 'No, Lolly. I took you from your dead parents, a little pauper child,' said Mrs Flint, putting her apron to her eyes. 'I have been a mother to you. I have watchedover you faithful, given you what education I could, and kept you like a lady. I never expected any of your relations to turn up, and I lavished my money upon you like water., I couldn't have done better for you if you had been my own. But you are not mine I must give you up ; its hard for me, a lone, poor widow, very hard. This gentleman has come to take you away He is your relation-' 'What relation 1' demanded Lolette. ' He is your grandfather,' said Dalyell, his voice smooth as oil. 'He is. the Earl of Thdrncombc. And you are the Honorable Blanche Berwyn, his grandchild and heiress !' 'Not so fast,' began the earl. Lolette ran forward with a little shriek, anid precipitated herself upoh his lordship. The mingled odors of cheap hair oil, cheap perfumery, and stale tobacco-smoke which clung to her, caused the ea-1l to grimace involuntarily. He repulsed her quickly with gentleness, but with firmness. ' Not so fast! ' he observed coolly. 'I cannot accept the situation so soon. I am not thoroughly "convinced.' ' Not convinced i' repeated Dalyell. 'Not convinced !' echoed Lolette. 'No, I am not convinced that this girl is my granddaughter-' 'Perhaps,' said Lolette, with a significant menace, 'a suit in a court of law might convince you that I am your granddaughter. This woman has confessed to the truth And as for me, I have always suspected that I was someblody of consequence. I have always known that I was made of different clay frout Mrs. Flint. I haven't held my head so high for nothing. I shall let every one know of my good fortuine ' she con tinued, gleefully. 'I shall make a speech to-morrow niighlt at Bingley's, and tell them all that I am the granddaughter of the Earl of Thlorombiic , anid that I am the Honor able Blanicli Berwvn. I'll stand treat, too, all rould ! Oh, msy, isn't it glorious t' She gave utterance to a boisterous laugh, Dalyell made gestulres to her friom behind the earl's chair. Mrs. Flint whispered to ihe' inl Heaven's name to be quiet. But tile demon of contrarilness lhad taken possession of the daunseuse, and she looklted defilantly at her mentors, sayilng to Mrs. Flint: 'Oh, shut up ! He's my grandfather fast enough, anld ihe can't help himself. You don't steer v:ery afitctionate, grandfathler! You don't sern glad to see me !' and she turned hlier attention to tIe pold lord. ' You are right niobby, and I have takenl a fancy to you at sight. We'll soon be the best of friends. If I am not lady enough to sult yoe, tliat's soon remedied; A few new dresses w?JL etb me up so that you won't know inm firoi ?-s uchcss !' The earl arose, luanbg upon his staff. 'Wonolal,' lie said, in a ?hep, gpmmanding voice, addrllessing Mrs. PFlint, I [ gpnot believe that this girl is of my blood. 1 did niot eospect to find my granddaughlter educatced. I supposed you were pool, iandl had brought her up a s daughtcer of your own. But I have faith in ?.lo4. I hIeliver that my grandchild, wherever she 4isj be, and however she nmay have been reared, will show somle trace in her hbearing, lookls, and nmiInner, of the ecltulries of careful training that lied been ibestowed uspon her ancestors. Her father was a gentlemau, gestjip gI vcry truth; her iiother was a gunticwo.anlu, ' lady by birth ul edlucatiol, Of sucu parents, do olffspring such as she come ?' uid he pointedl one loug forefluger itt Jolette, 'I refuse to believe !' ' My lord,' said Dalyell, haIstily, ' your objection is nnworthly of you; people are tihe creatures of circuustanccs not of iinherit nie. 'Thlis girl hlats been trained among p0oor people. She has grown like her associates. The gentle instincts of her race may lie dormant within her-' 'They certainly lie dormant if they exist at all,' said the early, dryly. 'I swear that she is Blanche Berwyn !' cried Mrs. Flint. 'Oaths seem to come easily from your lips,' said the earl. • But swear, if you can, by the ever-living God, at whose bar of judgment you must some day stand,.that this girl is the child of George Berwyni and his wife. Do you so swear 1' 'I do.' ' You swear,' cried Dalyell, ' by your hopes of a hereafter that this girl is Blanche Berwyn ? You hope that you may be con. signed to eternal perdition if she is not the true heiress of Lord Thorncombe ?' ' Yes, yes, I do.' ' Enough,' said the earl. 'I will not decide to-night. I will send round my lawyer in the morning-' ' My lord,' remonstrated Dalyell, ' can you not settle it to-night ? The'girl is Without doubt your descendant. With her singular nature she might do something before Keene's arrival that would annoy you here after. She might proclaim herself-. The earl turned abruptly to Mrs. Flint. 'Where is that other girl ?' he asked. 'What other girl ?' she said, bewildered. 'You brought two from Australia.,' There s one. W'here is'the other ?' 'I gave her away, my lord. She was not Blanche Berwyn. 'That may be,' declared the earl, 'but I will never accept this girl as my heiress until I have seen the two girls together. I will move heaven and earth hut that I find that other child. And then I will decide between them.' Lolette was furious. ' Do you mean you won't own me ?' she cried. 'You can't help yourself. I'll find your town-house, and present myself there to-morrow morning, I'll. tell the servants I am Blanche Berwyn. I'll defy you to put me out. You'll find that I know a thing or two. I'll take Mrs. Flint with me. I'll make the biggest row you ever heard if you refuse to acknowledge me.' ' You had better yield, my lord,' whispered Dalyell. 'The girl is truly-' The earl commanded silence by a gesture. His stormy eyes had a sudden gleam in them as of lightning. 'The matter can he settled to-night,' lhe said, 'beyond all shadow of doubt. I: cean know in one moment if the Berwyn "'lood runs in the veins of that woman.' He strode towards Lolette, caught her right arm, and tore away the flimsy sleeve to the shoulder. The arm was red and brawny, but without speck or flaw. The earl's face lighted up with an infinite joy and relief. 'Look,' he said. 'Look, Dalyell. The arm of Blanche Berwyn had a scar upon it just below the shoulder where she was burned in her infancy. The nurse declared that that scar would remain through life. And more That scar occurred just below a slender, cross-shaped birth-mark. This girl has neither scar nor birth-mark.-. She is not Blanche Berwyn.' He flung Lolette's arm from him and smiled in triumph. Better never to find his grandchild than to find her like this woman i Dalyell looked in horror upon Mrs. Flint. ' Woman, confess the truth !' said the earl. ' You are found out in your wicked ness. If you wish to escape the penalty of the law, tell the whole truth !' Mrs. Flint, terrified at his stern and awful looks, fell upon her knees in abject misery. 'Oh, my lord, have mercyl' she cried. ' Have mercy !' 'She is not Blanche Berwryn ?' The woman sent a swift glance of affright in the direction of Dalyell, who seemed turned into a statue. 'No, my lord,' she moaned. 'She is not Blanche Berwyn !' ' Who is she ?' Mrs. Flint wailed and wrung her hands, but her answer came, amid a tempest of sobs: 'She is Mary Cartwright, the daughter of Jack Cartwright, who was hanged for murder !' CHAPTER XXVII. MAIRs. FLINT had spoken the truth at last. Lolette Ryan was not the granddaughter of the Earl of Thorneombe-not the daughter of the late George Berwyn and his wife. She had not one drop of the Berwyn blood in her veins. She was in truth Mary Cartwright,. the daughter of that Jack Cartwright whom Mrs. Flint had known in her girlhood, and who had been hanged for murder in Aus tralia. The ivoman had taken an oath that Lolette was Miss Berwyn, but in declaring the girl's true identity it was plain to see that she was for the first time telling the truth. Kneeling abjectly before the earl, terrified at the sudden collapse of the false and airy fabric she had reared, appalled at the sudden exposure of her wicked pretences, apprehen sive of some terrible punishment, Mrs. Flint was for a moment the central figure of the scene. Lord Thorncombe stood erect, one hand upraised, as pronouncing judgment. But there was the light of a great joy upon his stern and grand old face. Piers Dalyell, stupefied with holror, stood behind the earl as if turned to stone. Suddenly a frightful shriek went pealing through the room, and Lolette, who had been struggling with a rage too mighty for her to bear, fell to the floor, writhing in all the horrors of ani epileptic fit, Lord Thorcllombe stood a mioment in silence, then tullrned and quitted the room. Dalyell, conscious evenu then that appearl ancee must bhe kept up, or that all would be lost to him forever- patron, home, income, expectations-put his hand to his forehead in a wild gesture and staggered after him. They reached the street, and thd earl put one arm in one of Dalyell's and they walked on side by side. The night was not light. It was well for Dalyell, else his companion must have mnarked the haggard expression on his face, the despair of his gllttci'ing eyes, the sullen misery that stared from hils every feature, ' Luckily I remembered that .Keene told me about the birth-mark and the scar,' said the carl, with a little laugh that showed how gyeat was his relief. 'You see, Dalyell, that counitry ;;?ipe who took charge of Blanche during her first ye" Miill living, and Keene has seen her. She remnembers Jier little nurseling perfectly, and gave an accurate description of the child as she was then, Ilie.t4een years ago, and of the two `marks upon iert a'n)s Of course, with that nurse and Lockham to etiefy, thcre islf't the ghost of a chalice for an imposter p got int? my grandchild's plice "11 Salyipll did not speak. Ss\yilld rather a thousand fold have found Blaanchue's gfvp thl! hiayp found he1r in this Lolettec. eo!l pfealc; well, T)plyell. I kInow that yo believed this gill to lbe ls3aluei, blt ) am5 surprised that you should have boon so dooeaivel,' soid the old lord. 'It is easy to see that this dancer has no gentle blood in her veins i' Piers Dalyell stared at a distant lamp with unseeing eyes. 'A great, coarse, bouncing creature !' con tinued Lord Thorncombe. 'The woman is cunning, but she is not capable of a great imposture or a great crime. She is too cowardly. Perhaps she secretly suspected the weakness of her trumped-up story. But she could not impose the girl on me, and when she comprehended that, she gave way at once. The girl herself seemed to believe that she was Blanche Berwyn !' Dalyell muttered an unintelligible answer. 'There were two children in her charge when she returned to England,' pursued the earl. ' One was Blanche Berwyn ; the other was the Cartwright child. The latter was kept, and she is now known as Lolette Ryan. The other, Blanche, she gave away. To whom did she give her 1' Dalyell shook his head. The movement was comprehended by the earl rather than seen. 'I will send Keeie around in the morning to asked Mrs. Ryan or Flint,' said his lord ship. 'He will frighten her into a full con fession. I am very hopeful, Dalyell. We shall soon find Blanche. Heaven grant that when she is found I may not be ashamed of her.' By this time they had encountered an empty passing cab. The earl hailed it, and they entered it. returning to West End. Upon entering Thorncombe House, Dalyell hurried immediately to his own rooms. Locking his dour, he gave vent to the rage that filled his being, breathing curses upon Mrs. Flint and Lolette, whose very name now made him shudder. For an hour he raged like a madman, hurling himself to and fro, muttering and whispering to himself, his eyes glowing, his hideous mouth writhing and twisting, his teeth bared savagely, and gleaming like the teeth of a wild beast. But at last grown calmer through exhaus tion, he flung himself upon the sofa, and muttered with a beastlike snarl : 'Perdition on them both! They have duped me cleverly. The woman must have laughed at her success. And I have married that creature, that miserable low dancer of the concert saloon, the daughter of a man who was hanged for murder ! Pal ! I could kill myself ! I, Dalyell of the clubs, I, the husband of that bouncing creature, with her brazen face, without one grain of refinement-I, who have been noted for my fastidiousness, and w'ho'have been a connoisseur of beauty! What is to be done! How am I to be rid of her ! How shall I blot out this error of mine, so that no one may ever know of it !' He had found his wax candles lighted. The daily newspapers had been brought up from the library and laid upon his table, after a custom he had inaugurated weeks since. His wandering glances rested upon them. An idea came to him. He arose and put his candles on the table, and began to study the shipping lists with interest. ' A steamer left yesterday for Australia,' he soliloquized, 'and probably no other will sail for that country for a month. But what of this: 'The ship Childeric, Al, Lloyds, will sail with freight for IMelbourne.' When ! To-morrow ! She will take a few passengers in the cabin, but they must be on board early i She will sail to-morrow at no100n ' He meditated long and deeply. Then he took out his pocket-book. He had borrowed a couple of hundred pounds recently from Lord Thorneombe's land steward, and had not enroached upon it. He had also one hundred pounds of his own money. All this, in Bank of England notes, was on his person. He counted it over, and then restored it to its place of deposit. And then he resumed his walling to and fro. He did not go to bed. He could not sleep. He felt as if he could never sleep again. The night wore away, the day dawned. He paused before a mirror and contem plated his reflection. He looked as if he had been through a week's debauch. Haggard, hollow-eyed and sallow, he shrank even from regarding the picture of himself. He took a shower bath, dressed himself carefully, and tumbled his bed to make it look as if he had slept in it-he always con sidered trifles-and then sat down to await the movement of the household. At eight o'clock he descended to his breakfast. Lord Thorncombe had not yet risen. Dalyell ate his meal, and then sallied forth into the street. At the nearest cab-stand he procu'red a hansom, and proceeded in it to Camberwell Road. He was admitted into the house occupied by Mrs. Flint, and hastened up to her parlor. She was in an inner room, Lolette's bed room; but on hearing the door open and close, she came into the parlor. It was plain that she also had not slept. Her hair, scanty and streaked with gray, hung loosely about her head. Her broken nose and her small black eyes were alike red and swollen. She started back in terror of her visitor, whose fierce and sinister aspect might well have frightened a bolder woman. 'Oh, Mr. Dalyell !' she whimpered, "have mercy on me ! I never thought you meant to marry her ! That was all you own doing!' 'Peace !' he said. 'How is she-Lolette 7' 'Better, sir. But I've been up with her every moment of this terrible night. I had a doctor to see her. She cursed me-me, sir, as have been a mother to her, and she takes on awful about Jack Cartwright, her own father. What 'I've suffered can't be told.' ' And what you are to suffer will be a thousand-fold worse ! Lord Thorncombe is going to send his lawyer to question you. You will be tia!en to gaol for a conspiracy to foist a murderer's daughter into Mliss Berwyn's place. Your past Ihistory will be raked lup. If you ever did any wrolig ii your life you'll he punishod for that too. The woman fell oni her llnees. ' Oh, mercy, mery I' she gasped, ' Will Lolette die ' ' No, sir. She's asleop now. The doctor won't come again. He says she'll do.' 'It was the other child who was Blanche Berwyn 1' The woman sobbed an affirmative. ' Where is that child ?' Dalyell spoke like a judge; she answered like a condemned criminal sentenced to die. ' 1 sold her to a lady-' 'I've heard that before. A lady's carriage nearly run over a child in the street. The lady brought the child home, took a fancy to it, and returned next day with her hus band and a lawyer and formally adopted the little one, paying you a handsome sum of money for her. That you have told me before. Also that the child was called Joanna iRyapi. I pow learln ghat Joanna Ryan aind Blalchie Berwyn. were pone and the same. But what was thle name of thp lady h!lo adqpted little lMiss ~erwyp ?' 'It was AlIs,. Paulet, sisri Dalyell started. 'What !' he exclaimed. Mmirs. Paulep, sir. iel? iame was Mrs. )iuna Paulet. His name -'as MIr. Williami A great chanll=e anlo s iveol alyell's face, 'Where did d lley live ?' he asked, TO IBE CONTINUED 