INDIA AND AFGHANISTAN. The Indian Government must have a strong cunviction that the Ameer of Af ghanistan is at the bottom of. the present trouble in the North- nest Provinces when, in spite of his calling God to. witness that he was ignorant of the intenued rising, it asks him to put generalities aside and answer certain specific questions. That is a very straight intimation to Ahdur Rahman that neither his word nor his oath cany a high value in Calcutta at the present time. The very considerable prepara tions which the Indian Government are making show that the rising is re garded seriousiy. An army of 40,000 frontier where transport is so diffi cult and maintenance charges runs so high without there is believed to be serious need for such a force. For the present the tribesmen seem to have had distinctly the best of it. They have captured a number of forts, none of them it may be presumed very strong places, and they hold the Khyber Pass. The correspondent of T/ie limes asserts that they hold this on sufferance. It would be matter of no difficulty to drive them out of it, but this would serve no good purpose, for they would simply retire to reassemble elsewhere. So far as the outer world knows, the outbreak has been quite unexpected, land from the fact that the tribe*, imen have had the slight successes i mentioned it seems reasonable to ' suppose that the authorities were to some extent caught unawares. All accounts agree that the outbreak had a religions origin. It is stated that the massacres by the Turks in Armenia and the failure of the Enropean Powers to execute vengeance has given wide currency to the belief that the Sultan has obtained a great victory over the Christians, and the time is therefore opportune for Islam to once more become militant. One report goes so far as to say it is the firm belief among all the tribes that the Sultan has over thrown Europe in a great war. The fanatics are preaching a holy war to willing ears, and the result we see. But this view does not altogether square with the attitude of the Indian Government towards the Ameer. The tribesmen of the passes may believe any silly story which receives currency in the bazaars, bnt the Ameer is well in formed as to the facts of recent occurrences in Europe, and cannot be deceived by this preaching of the holy war. He knows perfectly well that the Sultan has not been at war with Europe, and also that the Powers have him in pretty strict tutelage. Yet in the view of the Indian Government he has been aiding and abetting, if not actually planning and directing, this rising. Of course it may be held that the Ameer is simply taking advantage of the religious enthusiasm which is abroad at present in fullest vigour. He sees his chance in the holy war that is just now being preached, and has used it to his own ends. It would be vain for anyone here to speculate as to why the Ameer should enter on warlike operations against the Tnrti*.ti Govern ment. He receives an annual subsidy of 1,800,000 rupees from the Indian Government, and unless he is far from the acute ruler he is believed to be he must be &w2;*re that Russia wonld treat him in no such generous fashion. The Indian Government gives him that sum simply that he may be friendly. He is not interfered with in the administra tion of his territories. Within the lordets of Afghanistan he is a despot, and however sternly be may rule the Indian Government will not interfere. He is obliged by the covenant he has signed to enter into no agreements with any other Power except that of Her Majesty, unless with the consent and approval of Her Majesty's Ministers. Bnt that is the only restriction imposed on him. Let him comply loyally with that, and be a true and faithful ally of the Queen, and he will not only be left in perfect free dom to rule Afghanistan as he pleases, bnt he will receive this handsome subsidy with the utmost regularity, and will further be aided by the Indian Government should be at any time be in difficulties with his very unruly sub jects. Moreover, alliance widi Britain means protection against Russia. The British Government does not wish to abridge his powers within his own territory in the slightest ; the Russian Government on the other hand would treat him as it has treated in turn all the semi independent sovereigns to the , north of Afghanistan. There used to be a Khan of Merv, but if there is one now he is but the ghost of his former self so far as power goes. And as it was with the ruler of Merv so would it be with tbe ruler of Afghanistan if the Russian eagles were permitted to enter Kabul. There are, of course, always many who will see in this rising simply the craft of Russia, scheming as ever to secure a better position from which she may spring on India. Russia may have duped the Ameer into tbe belief that he would be acting strictly in his own interests if he transferred his friendship from Her Majesty the Queen to His Majesty the Czar. A religious war is always a great danger to British rule, for it is impossible to say who it may affect. This morning the cablegrams tell a very ugly story of the Sepoys opening the gates of one of the forts and admitting the tribesmen. It is but just though to add that another message states that the Sepoys who were on leave have responded loyally to the order that they rejoin their regi ments. When the Armenian massacres were at their height, the argument was heard in some quarters that the British Government .hould be careful above all Governments dot to rush too hastily Member of qU^ITei ?.'*« the «* number of its subjects Wuo were Mobammedans. Lore' Salisbury was particularly careful that he did not go to the help of the Armenians. He allowed the SoJtan to work his savage will as ne pleased, but it does not appear from the present junior, of affairs that he has his reward in contented Mohammedan subjects in India. Rather the oppos lhe Mohammedans, excited by the un doubted fact that the Sultan massacred Christians as he saw fit, without let or hindrance from anyone, are now propos ing to follow his illustrious example. A policy of masterly inactivity when the Armenians were being done to death is being followed by the very results in India, which it was prophesied would attend any coercive measures applied to the nultan. 