THE NYMPH OF WOODLANDS. By Htmi, Austin Qpsexs, Aged 134 years. ClIAI'TEI! II.— SIOTHEn I.inn. Mother Linn kept tlio storo at a village in Pembroke. She was a favorite witli all tho vil lagers, being ono of thoso useful persons whom tlio World cannot do without. She seemed always at hand at the right moment, and hor. capacious pocket sorr.ohow was always full of choice sweets for little people. But Mother Linn was getting very old now, and hor 78 years were causing her back to bend and her kind old faco to wrinkle. As she sat on her little verandah ono bright morning, knitting, as usual, bIic thought of hir ing a girl to do tho work ; but then a servant would cost so much, nnd, as Mother Linn said, she could not benr to see the girl " fussing " and " lidgeting " round. .lust then a wistful littlo voice said, "Please, will you give mo something to eat?" Mother Linn turned her aged head. Tkero by the verandah step stood a littlo girl. Surely we have Been those hluo eyes, tangled golden curls and brown skin before. Yes, tlioy belong to Beryl, the Nymph of Woodlands. "Bless liiv heart, dearie, how you lookl Come, into my kitchen and get soma bread and milk." And the good .Mother Linn hobbled to the kitchen, whilst Boryl followed. "There, sit tliorc, de'nrie" ; nnd Mother Linn forced Beryl into the armchair by the fire, ami prepared a howl of bread and mil'k. Boryl was soon cnting it with n keen rolish. " What s your name, dearie ?" asked Mother Linn. " Beryl— Beryl Nornmn." " Auu what are you doing about all by your self ? Haven't you any mother or father ?'' . " No." " And no brother or sister " No, oli 110." "And no relations ?' "No, nobody," answered, Beryl, faintly. , ' Dear, t dear, what u pity !" murmured Mother Linn, "such a pretty young thing, too." Then she saw that Beryl was almost asleep, so she hobbled out to tho verandah again, ami turned a plan over and over in her mind. "Yos, yes, I'll do it," she muttered as elio walked inside. She found Boryl wide awako. "So you'vo no ono to take "care of you, you say," began Mother Linn, "so what'll you do?" Beryl shook her head sorrowfully. " Well," continued iluther Linn, "lam in need of someone to help 1110, so if you iiko I would like you to live with mo. Would you likoto?" She looked at Beryl as she spoke, and lead her answer in the joyous expression on tho child's face. Although Beryl was very happy with .Mother Linn, at times she longed" to lie at Woodlands, longed to lis the Nymph of that dear placo again; but then ciuno a vision of the look 01 triumph 011 Miss Sophia's faco when she was accused of being a thief, so, witli a little nigh she said she was better with Mother Linn. But one day Mother I.inu went out for a walk, saying she would he homo at 5 o'clock. She wae crossing tho street when she took giddy and foil. At that moment a horse and vart dashed round tho coruor, and boforo tho driver could pull up tho horse's hoof bad struck her 011 the head. Sha died instantly. So poor Beryl had to go further afield. 3ho travelled 011 for a fortnight, and at last ono morning she sank exhausted on ths door Btep of a miserable two storied house. "Here, get out with you!" oxclaimed a eonrso, rough voioe. It was a familiar voice to Beryl, in spite of its coarseness. "Miss Sophia !" she gasped, for it was iudcod Miss Sophia who was standing over her. "What aro you doing here!" asked Miss Sophia. " Oh ! I've nowhere to go— liowhero, sobbed Beryl. " Coma with me," said Miss Sophia. Her valco was soft, but there was an evil gleam in hor oyes which Beryl failed to see. She reso and followed Miss Sbphia up some steop, dirty stairs, past a number of closed doors into a small, filthy attic. "This is my room," said Miss Sophia, "and my neighbors live in thojo rooms wo passed." "Yes," said the little girl, mechanically. After giving her something to eat Miss Sophia went out, and Beryl crept to the window to see where she was going. To her horror she saw her disappear into a pnblio house. Beryl turno'd away from tlio window and looked round the- baro, dingy room. Not wishing to stay in those dirty quarters, she crept down stairs, and sat on the stop where Mies Sophia had found hor. Through a very low window she could seo a woman scrubbing a floor.' "Hulioa," sho cried, when sno taught sight of Beryl, who are you? " . "f flive with Miss Sophia, in -the very top room. Beryl answered, gaining courngo by the woman s pleasant face. . " With Sophia. Oh, poor littlo mite?.'1 Why do you say ' poor ' ? " " My dear child, she is really a confirmed drunkard." Beryl turned cold ; hut sho composed her- self admirably, and asked the woman her name. "Annie, dear, Annio Boonie." "Annie Koonio," laughed Beryl, "that is the name of a song. " It seems to me," said Annie, " that you lmve been brought up to a different kind of life than this. " Yes, very different," Bighod Boryl ; and almost unconsoiously she added, " Oh, how I wish I was at WoodlandB." " Woodlands i " oxclaimed Annie, pausing in hor work ; " do you know Woodlands ? " " Yes, I was a pupil there." " And I was a servant there, but I was dia- missed because I told Miss Gordon that I'd seen a ghost in tho girls' corridor." Beryl had been with Miss Sophia for a fort- night, anil many blows and hard wordB she had had to bear during that timo, when one day Miss Sophia said to hor, " Fve got somo work for you to do to- night." " Yes," said Beryl wonderingly, for Sophia had never given her work to do before. " Well, it is quite easy ; you'vo just got to get in the miser, Geoffrey Herram's window, jiutyour bond under his pillow, and get his littlo bag of money, whioli ho always keeps there ; then " "Sophia," Bhoutcd Beryl, "you accused mo unjustly of stealing once, and upon my word you II never accusa mo of it justly." " Highty-tighty i But upon my word you shall do it," screamed tho half intoxicatod Sophia, as b1io raised hor hand to strike tho child. But Beryl darted through tho attic door, and down tho stocp stairs, whilst Sophia prepared to follow. But at the top of the stairs she Btumbled, and, to savo herself from falling, caught hold of a heavy threo legged chair. Tho chair tumbled after her striking her on tho head ; sho gave one wild scream, and before sho reached tho foot of the stairs there was one sinner less in tlio vrldo world. Tho pnrish providod a coffin for her, and the next dny sho was buried. Then Beryl found herself alone once more. She wandered about for days, and when alio reached London she had to keep herself from starving by begging. (To bo Continued.) 