Life on tbg Bcraer. (BV C-JLOSEL FRE1' ) At present the nio^t active bands of on t l.i are in <iie Iii>!;.m I'errit-o r y, Texas and New Mexico and people marvi'l that, t.liey perjietrate so many ImM criin<*s and go fife when the country i.s fi;i! <-:f oliicers of the law. But the truth is the outlaws are brave me::. They are armed to the teeth with Wir-chestcr rifles and Colt's revolvers, and it takes brave men and desperate men to capture them, and were it not for the heavy rewards which :u e offered there would be very little effort made to subdue them, for there, no fun in hunting outlaws. If, is too much like tiger-hunting—the tig'i' is li'celv to hunt. "A. special from TUntcrprise. T. T., says that a posse in piii-suit af two i men, who had stolen thirty horses in the Choctaw nation, followed the thieves for three days, finally surrounding them ten ni les east of that place. The thieves refused to surrender and kept up firing, having disabled their horses and taken to the woods. The posse pressed (hem closely and the Tight was kept up for two or three hours, both pui-suei-s and pursued as rapidly . as th.-y could load their revolvers. The thieves were finally driven into a cabin'and as they still defied the posse, the house was set on fire. They still refused to come out ai:d -were roasted to death in the burning buiidirv What, an end for two human beings, and vet the history of the border is fall of such incidents. On March 10, 1S35, the following message was sent from Coffeevillc, Kan., : "At four o'clock this morning, twenty miles son!h of this city, Deputy United States Marshall James Mayes, with a posse of citizens of the neigbourhood, surprised Dob Rogers, the leader of a gang of outlaws kr.C'VH as the Lingers gang at t,lie home of his father. A part of the posse went, upstairs <0 capture the outlaw, who opened fire, instantly killing \V. B. McDonald and wounding Phil Williams. The officers then retired, but surrounded the honse, upnn which Rogers carne out with his Winchester and fired at Marshall Mayes. The next instant the flash of half a dozen Winchesters sent as many balls into the body of the bandit, erdiug his earthly career. Bill Klsmore, his co-partner in crime, had been at the house during the evening, leaving a few hours before the attack. Mr. Daniels was a wellto-do cattleman living in the neighbourhood of the" Rogers liorne."' What deed could be move bloody r.nd desperate. Yet here is" another one almost the same in a dispatch from Checotab, Indian Territory, dated Feb, 3, 1895. It says:— " Sheriff M. F. Lake, of Pawnee Country, Oklahoma, and posse, consisting of Deputy Sheriff F. M. Canton and Dr Rland, of Pawnee: Deputy Marshal Dean Hogan, of Musk- Ogee, Deputy Marshal .John McCaun and Robert McClain of Checotab, captured Will and Fohu Shelly, alias Pierce, ten miles east of here to day. The Shelly brothers, who were -held For grand larceny, broke jail at Pawnee,Sep. 5 last, and when captured had in their possession several saddles and harness, which ha.ve been claimed by the citizens of Checotab. They were apprehended in a house owned by Steiling. Hogan knew nothing of their reputation aa criminals, and when ordered to surrender opened fire, shooting Will Shelly through the legs. Coal oil was procured and the house was fired. After about seventy-five shots were fired and all bope of escape from the officers was gone these two desperate men surrendered and were brought to Checotab. The following mode of starting a baulking horse is given by an American writer. It is said to be successful 99 times out of 100. Quietly get out and pat him on the bead a moment, take a hammer or even pick up a stone in the street, fell the driver to sit still, take bis lines, hold them quietly while you lift up either front foot, giv<3 each nail a light tap and a good smart tap on the frog. Drop his foot quickly, and then chirp to him to go. In 99 cases of 100 the horse will go right along about his business, but the driver must keep lines taut and not pull or jerk him back. Mark Tvrai ii is a model husband. When heaud his wife are temporarily sepai ated lie writes to her twice a week, and the letters average 25 pages—4.000 to 5.000 words, During a recent six month's absence he is estimated to have penned her 200.000 words. Mark says of them. " There is nothing I have written or read compared in value to these letters." King O'Malley will not lielp his political arguments by using chunks of this Wild West eloquence :—A man who leaves his whole property to some Church usually does it as a fire insurance on his degraded soul and, I ask the House not to act like midnight, skulking, famished Texas prairie dogs, barking at the imaginarv ghosts of their departed ancestor? ." Wluit rot '.— no Critic. 