HOLY TRINITY CHURCH, MARONG. The ceromony of laying the foundation stone of vestry now being erected in connected with the Holy Trinity, Church, Marong, took place yesterday afternoon. A large number attended to witness the ceremony. Amongst those present wore Cr. Marks (mayor of Ben digo), Messrs, D. C. Stony and I). B. Lazarus, Ms.L.A., and Crs, Bossott (president). Dollar and Clarkson, of tho Marong Council. Messrs. W. Landry, H. Palmer, Carter (secretary), M, Wickcns and other local churchmen were also ■ present. Archdeacon MncCullagh was unable to attend owing to ill health. The proceedings opened with tho singing of “Goa Save tho Queen.” Tho Bov. E, H. Scott, -tho incumbent, then conducted tho formal service, after which Mr. H. Palmer placed a sealed bottle, containing a scroll and copies of tho daily papers, hi a cavity placed in tho stono for its reception. 'j)ho scroll road “The foundation stone of this vestry, built in ; commemoration of tho sexagenary year of tho reign of- Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, was laid by Cr. II. M. Marks, mayor of Bendigo.; The Rt. Rov. F. F, Goc, Bishop of Melbourne, tho Veu. J. C. MacCullagh, Archdeacon of Sandhurst, and the Rev. Edwin II. Scott, Incumbent Holy Trinity Church, Marong. June 10, 1897.” Cr. Marks then laid the stono with a small silver trowel, saying, “With prayer for tho blessing of God I now lay the foundation stone of tho vestry of tho Holy Trinity Church, in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. Amen.” Tho stono boro tho inscription;— “ This Stone was laid by Cr. Murks, Mayor of Bendigo, June 10, 1897.” A collection was then taken up, ami tho amount of £15 6s 6d received; Cr. Marks was afterwards presented with tho trowel which was inscribed as follows: — “ Presented to Cr. H. M. Marks, Mayor of Bendigo, Juno 10,1897.” During tho service the choir rendered several anthems very sweetly, Miss Palmer presiding at tho organ. An adjournment was next made to the Foresters’ Hall, whore tea ami light refresh ments wore provided. The Rev. E. Hi Scott presided. Cr. Bassett (president of tho Marong Coun cil), proposed the sentiment of “Parliament.” Ho was pleased to say that the finances wore considerably better than they were three years ago. He would not say that Federation had been brought to a successful issue, but a great deal move had been done than hitherto. Ho was pleased to see Parliament so well repre sented. (Applause.) ; ?'Tho chairman then read apologies from tho Hons. H. R. Williams, J. H. MeColl, J. Stern berg, J. II. Abbott, R. O’Neill, tho mayor of Eaglohawk (Cr. Brown), Cr. McGowan and others, • In replying to the toast of Parliament, Mr. Sterry, who was warmly received, said he thought tho Government had done very well under tho difficulty circumstances. Ho wished to felicitate the Marong people on their very happy way of celebrating Her Majesty’s long and glorious reign. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Lazarus also responded. Ho thought tho Government had done fairly well- A state ment had boon made that there was a probability of an equalisation of tho finances. That, how ever, remained to be seen, lie hoped the Go vernment would see tho necessity of conserving the interests of the country districts., The gold industry had been looked after, and tho greatest opportunities shouUrba given to the farmers of tho colony. They had had a von’ bad season. He concluded by saying that the attendance showed the interest taken in church affairs at Marong. He trusted it would bo maintained. (Applause.) The chairman proposed the health of the mayor of Bendigo, and Cr. Marks suitably re suitably responded. The other toasts were “ The Mining Industry,” by Mr. P. Mole, re sponded to by Cr. Dollar; and “ Tho Visitors,” by Mr. II. Palmer, responded te by Cr. Clark son, ; . \- The vestry -is being.. erected by Mr. Betts, contractor, of Eaglohawk, and lie is making fair progress. Messrs. Vahland and Son arc tho architects. * 