' ASTOUNDING LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CUBE. V DOCTOBS PRONOUNCED CASE - HOPELESS. HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIMONY. (From the Australian Workman^ Our representative made bis way to tbe home of Mr, Thomas Jams, 45, Crown- lane, Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is one of the best-known residents of that thickly populated sabnrb.. He was discovered nursing a baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happieftt men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary questions, lie said—"You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunit The facts may be of value to 1 stricken as I was." *' How long were yon Buffering?" " About five and half years ago I met with an aeoident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. From the date of the accident my health began to fail, and after four years of gradual development of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cnttiog my bonea in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and. could neither-eat nor Bleep. I saw » well-known doctor, and he told me that my o&se; was utterly hopeless. "I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed prettv well ever fcince. A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could by opinm and moiphia pills -to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Looomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Looomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterized by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that 1 might lau for ten years, and that I might never get the u6e of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement.describing the cure effected in tbe case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams 1 Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in tbe advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. - The effect was magical. I was able to eat and deep as though nothing was the matter ,with me. It was the first appetite and rest X had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. When taking the fifth box I was able to walk about with the aid of a stick; and .was gradually but surely recovering my former* vigour and vitality. Tpu see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have nevter used them. They were made for me before I got the Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees, said Dr. Williams' Fink Pills saved his life and made another man of him. A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked tea years younger that day than he did a short tune back. I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cojd bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. I expect shortly to resume work aa a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the' past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. Tbey have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box-of Opium and Morphia Pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.? WHAT MB. LABOUR-LEADEfi,'" McGOWEN KNOWS. Mr. J. S. T. McGowen, M.P., Leader of the Labour Party in the N.S.W. Assembly, waa also seen in connection with the remarkable case of Mr. Thomas Jarvis. He says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also~knew that he had to give np bis work at Glpbe Island abattoirs owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that. Tthere ' was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. McGowen was, therefore,-like every one else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People do not stop short at the care of locomotor ataxia; they positively cure rheumatism, sciatica, lumbago, and neuralgia, .and influenza's evil after-effects, and are'a specific for all diseases of women, such as anaemia, poor and watery blood, female irregularities, nervous headache, and hysteria. They are not a purgative medicine, but brace op and permanently strengthen the whole system. 'Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Qneen's-place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps or post order, 1 box for 2s. 9d., or half-dozen for 15s. 3d. 