CHAPTER XXVI.—THE SCAR ON TEMPLE. Miss I-Ierneaste had walked into Cas tleford to post a private letter of her own. She returned as the stable clock was striking- six, and, as she walked up the avenue, came face to face with Sir Peter and Captain O’Donnell. The little cowardly baronet had been seized with a sudden and great fancy, for the tall,'soldierly® fearless Irishman. O’Donnell suited him exactly. , He had not a grain of fear in his nature, he had a cool head, a steady nerve, and he was intensely interested in Sir Peter’s affair of the ghost. O’Donnell had taken it up, had promised to investigate, did not believe it was a ghost, and Sir Peter breathed again. Both gentlemen bowed to the pale, tired-looking governess. The baronet turned round, and looked darkly and sus piciously- after her." “Where has she been no\v?” he asked distrustfully. “What do all these long, solitary’ rambles mean? Don’t you see the likeness, O’Donnell, to the picture 01 Katherine Dangerfield? You must be blind if you do not.” “Oh, I see a certain likeness,” O’Don nell repeated, “but nothing so marked as to be terrifying. By-the-byr, I was examining the photograph with a mag nifying glass, and I discovered a mark or sear of some kind on .the left side of the face right above the temple. Now, had Katherine Dangerfield a birthmark there, or anything of the sort?” “The line y’ou saw was the scar of a wound that came pretty near ending her life. On the voyage out to India her nurse let her fall out of her arms; she struck the blunt end of a spike, and gave herself a horrible gash just above the temple. I saw the scar a hundred times; it wasn’t very disfiguring, and she never tried to conceal it. A white triangular scar, that used to turn lividly red when she got angry’.” O’Donnell listened thoughtfully. “Humph!” he said, “a scar like that it would be impossible ever to obliterate, even bad she lived to be eighty. By the way’, you told me, Sir Peter, she died in the house of a man named Otis, I think— a doctor, who afterwards removed to London ? Do you know if this man still lives?” “I know nothing about him; but there is no reason to suppose he does not.” “Was his Christian name Henry’?” “Yes; Henry’ Otis, that was his name.” “Was he tall, spare, light-haired, very sallow complexion, with a stoop?” “Yes, he was. O’Donnell, have you seen him—you describe him exactly?” “I think I have. And she died in his house, and was buried from it, you say? How long after did he leave Castleford for London?” “ I don’t remember exactly — some months, I think. There were peo ple who said he had fallen in love with Katherine, and was miser able here after her death. She was buried from his house, and he erected that stone to her memory. Then . he took iiis mother away, and went up to London.” “He and his mother kept a servant, I suppose? Now, if the servant who liv ed with them at the time of Katherine Dangerfield’s death be "still alive, it strikes me I should like to see that ser vant. One question more, Sir Peter, on another subject. Do you know a place some three miles from here—a dismal, lonely sort of house, called Bracken Hollow?” “Certainly I know Bracken Hollow.” His voice dropped to a whisper, and he glanced half-fearfully- around. “Who in Castleford does not? Dismal and lonely’! I should think so. Bracken Hollow is a ! haunted house.” “Who lives at Bracken Hollow?” “ An old woman named Hannah Gowan. She was Katherine Danger field’s nurse in her youth, and Sir John pensioned her off, and gave her Brack en Hollow.” “Whe—w—w—w !” O’Donnell’s low, shrill whistle pierced the quiet air. Katherine Dangerfield’s nurse! By George! that accounts-” He stop Sir Peter looked at him, all his never ending suspicions and fears aroused. “Accounts for what?” O’Donnell halted in his slow walk, and laid his hand confidentially on the shoulder of the baronet, and looked calmly down into his little wizen face. “Sir Peter,” lie said, gravely, “a light ,is beginning to dawn upon me—the mys teries are lifting slowly’, but, I think, surely’.' As certain as we both live, this strange mystery shali he sifted to the bottom, and the ghost of Scarswood, the ghost of Bracken Hollow, exorcised! Now I am going away’ by’ myself to think.” And lie turned and strolled off, leaving the petrified little baronet standing un der the lime trees, the picture of dazed and helpless astonishment. The first room the young Irishman passed was the library; its windows stood wide open on the lawn; it looked cool and dark and deserted—a suitable place to think In. He stepped in, let the sea-green cur tains fall again, flung himself into a chair, his hands still deep in his pockets, his browjs knit in a reflective frown. The room had seemed very dark, com ing in from the glare of the sunset; but, after five minutes, -lie lifted his ey’es from the carpet, and found it was not dark. He also found that he was not alone: the library had another occupant —that occupant Miss Herncastle—Miss Hern castle asleep. She bad removed her hat—one hand pillowed her head—her face, with the light full upon it, was turned towards him. And in her sleep she dreamed, for her brows were contracted, her lips moved. She looked fairer in her slum ber than he had ever thought her awake. Who was she? A strange woman, surely—a wonderful woman, if the dim. mysterious suspicions adrift in his mind were right. Who was she? An inspiration came to him—an in spiration that lifted him from his chair to h'is feet, that caught his breath for one breathless moment. The scar on Katherine Dangerfield’s temple! He hardly knew what he suspected as yet, wild, improbable, impossible things: and yet he did suspect. Now, if ever, was the time to end all suspicions and test the truth. Miss Herncastle wore her black hair nearly down to her eyebrows; what easier than now to lift one of these shining waves, and look at the left temple—it was the side of the face uppermost. He advanced—hesitated. Something in her helplessness, in the Sacredness of ! sleep, appealed to his strength' and h'is manhood, and held him back. It seem ed a dastardly- deed—to do while she slept what he dared not do awake. And yret it was Ms only- chance. 1 “I may be judging her cruelly, shame fully,” he thought: “if the scar is not there I am. For her own sake I will He drew near—he stooped over the sleeping form; very gently he lifted the black waves of hair that covered forehead and temple. A full and noble brow he saw it was those bands of dead, dark i hair hid. Lifted off, it altered her won derfully, made her ten times more like j the portrait of the dead girl. He glanc I ed at the temple. Good Heaven! Yes, there was the j livid triangular scar Sir Peter Danger I field had described just above the tem ple. He let the hair drop—he absolutely reeled for a second, and grasped a chair. He stood there for a few moments thun derstruck, spellbound, looking down at her, and then drawing a deep breath, softly left the room (To be Continued.) 