SPORTING NEWS. THE TURE. 'NOTES AND ANTICIPATIONS.1* , (BT "PATNATOK.") A committee meeting of the Western \- Australian Turf Ch\b will be held to- night. Included in the business of the meeting will be the consideration of the application from the Coolgardie Racing Club for date3 tor their annual Cup meeting, August 19and 31 bein**; the dates applied for. Applica- tions for licenses as registered jockeys and trainers will also be dealt with AU those jockeys and trainers who have applied for licenses are required to be in attendance at the United Service Hotel, where the meet- ing will be, held, to appear befoie the com- mittee if called upon. The Intercolonial Stock Company's ( »tables in Stirling and Mackie streets at present shelter soma descendants of the «est blood in the colonies. On Saturday I Baw Hesperian, one of several stallions in Mr. W. MaoPherson's charge, now 21 years old. The ol4 chestnut, who carries his .years well, trill be remembered as the '»winner of the Hawkesbury Grand Handi ' ¡cap in 1880, and A.J.C. Metropolitan States Un 1881,'beating Waxy, Wellington, Trump {Toss, Bardonyx, ano other good ons3 m /the latter event. By Yattendon-Jessie Bell, Hesperian ia quita the cheapest priced hon« available, 4 guineas being the remarkably low figure asked for his ser- vices. The old fellow ia in the best of health and condition, thanks to Mr. JtlacPherson's attention. In a box adjoin- ing that of Hesperian's was Tribulation, Spy laonomy-.Bedlamite, a strongly-built (allow, standing 1314 hands, not so tall as his sire, but resembling him in many points'. Tribulation Í3 to stand for the season at Dunreath, particulars ta be ad- vertised. Anglo-Saxon, the Turretfield {S.A.) bred chestnut,, which Mr. W. F. Stock »ont aver from ."Adelaide, ia still at ¿he. L S, CO.'B stable«, the raffia for him 150 at 10 being «parted to be rapidly filling. Anglo-Saxon, who claims tha Lecturer horse the Englishman as his sire, and Keilpara (Free Citizen-Puazle) as his dam, is a well-built little fallow, sound in ' /wind and limb, and should repay the cost «f his being placed in the hands of a good . ¿relner. ' ,, The nomenclature competition for the ?Baining of a gelding by The Duke-Rose, ¿he owner of the animal offering a prize of two guineas for the most suitable nama, ' «loses at doon to-day. The result will be declared towards the end of the week. Replying to a correspondent's query, I may state positively that goldings ore «mite eligible to run in the next Western Australian Derby. The conditions of the .race specify that it is an event for three .ycjara-old, and the special weights specified -include the prevision-"geldings at time «f starting allowed 51b." Colts are to carry the usual three-year-old Derby weight, $sf. 101b., and filEes 8$t. 51b. I remark three-year-old Derby advisedly, as in Boma foreign parts there are so-called .Derby races for all aged horses. Mr. .Eccles' Kilt and Mr. " Naylors " Toxio ?will probable be two of the unsered candi- dates for the W.A. Blue Bifabon of 1893. Esau, who won the Boss Park Handicap >«f five furlongs at the Adelaide B.C. »meeting on Saturday, beating Laundress, .'Wild Olive, Beau Brummel and others, is a five-year-old brother to Miss Boolka. Instead of being shipped for this colony on Saturday-, the Leohial two-year- old Kilt was raced at Randwick at the Sydney Tattersalls Club meeting, whare the geld- ing won the Flying Handicap of six fur- longs, with the heavy impost of 9sfc. Sib. np, starting at 7 to 1. Kilt, who beat a very fair field of nine, won from post to finish. He will probably leave Sydney for Western Australia early this week. Our South Australian correspondent telegraphed yesterday that Harry Howie ("Dootor"), brother to Bob Howie, till recently private« trainer to Mr. H. J. ! Saunders, M.L.C., sustained concus x Bion of the brain as the result of U.Z., > which horse he wa* riding, falling in the two-mile Second Hurdle Race, on the Old Adelaide Racecourse on Saturday, the last day of the Adelaide Racing Club Birthday meeting. E. Hodgkins rode a winner and one second at the Adelaide Racing Club meet- ing on Saturday, scoring on Da La Volta in the Disposal Stakes, and suffering defeat by a couple of lengths on Damper in the mile Marryatville Handicap, Staffa winning. Damper ran in the nomination ef Cr. W. Faaha», of Coolgardie. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN RACING. A.B.O. BIRTHDAY MEETING. H. HOWIE AND ANOTHER JOCKEY INJURED. STOCKINGS WINS THE STEEPLE- CHASE. ADELAIDE, May 30. The Adelaide Racing Club's Birthday meeting was concluded on the Old Course ' on Saturday afternoon under favourable conditions. There was a large attendance, the fields were good, and the racing inter- esting. ' Ellis, the rider of Bemal, who fell in the Steeplechase, received a broken collar-bone, and H Howie, who rode U.Z. ' in the Hurdles, sustained concussion of the brain. Following were the results : DISPOSAL STAKES.-A handicap of 100 SQvs. Winner to be sold for <(J30, surplus over to club. Six furlongs. Mr. A.'E. Brass's ber br m De 1* Volta, by Thunderbolt-Delamere, 5yrs. 8st. (E. Hodgkins) . 1 Mr. W- Ker"s bUt h Harold, 6yrs, 7st. 8Jlb., inc. *èlb. over (Northway) 2 Mr. W. T. Cowan's b g Royalty, 5yrs" 6st. 71b. (McGrath) . 3 Other starters: Golden Fleece (W. Lake) ; Cobalt (Holmes) ; Cigarette (Mat- thews); Ihrree (Goodliffe); The Imp (Ettridge); Bernice (Thomas); Fair Saxon (Matson); Wahine (F. Hill); Lady Killer (Reed) ; Morna Lee (Power) ; Mar- quis (Lewis) ; and Burnside (Sheppard). Amount in totalisator, ¿81,461 10s. ; divi- dend, M 80. De la Volta assumed command at the Old Stand, and stalling off a ran by Harold beat him comfortably by a length and a half, Royalty three lengths away third, Cobalt fourth, the last lot being Golden Fleece, Wahine, The Imp and Marquis. Time, lmin. 19*t8ec SECOND HURDLE RACE, a handicap of 175 sovs. ; second 26 sovs., and third 10 BOV8. from stake About two miles. Mr. A. Hayes's oh g Kimbolton, by Bolten Green-Fairlight.aged, lOst. 131b. (F. Barr) . 1 Mr. F. W. Allen's blk m Albury Queen, 5yra., 9st. (Farrow).2 Mr. General Gordon, lOst. (M. Carev) . 3 I Other starters: U.Z. (H.Howie). Wir- raway. Wise), Jack's theSprat (McGowan), Conscript (Holmes), Regent (Curtin), Albury (Lyall), Nita (Deveney). Amount in totalisator, £2,053 ; dividend, Í6 11s. Nita and General Gordon made the early running, and the former was in command coming to the hurdle at the half-mile post, where Jaok Sprat fell, U.Z also coming to grief. This left Kimbolton in the lead, and the Victorian gelding came into the straight holding his own well. He took the remain- ing hurdles easily and won comfortably by half a dosen lengths, General Gordon being three quat tors of a length away third. 'A neck away Regent wa3 fourth and Wirrawa was last. Time, 4min. 4sec. MARRYATVILLE HANDICAP.-Of 150 sovs, . second 20 sovs., and third 10 sovs. from stake. One mile. Mr..Fred. Bailey's ch c Staffa, by My Lord-Ion», 4yrs. (T. Rogers), ... 1 Mr. W. M. Faihau's b h Damper, 6 vrs., 7st. 81b. (E. Hodgkins). 2 Mr. C. Mallen's b g Trentalto, 5 yrs., 6st. 111b. (McGrath). 3 Other starters: Thunderer (Brown), Foliage (C. Quinn), Lilith (Dawes), Vakeel (^Hutchens), Viking (Holmes), Haivrel (Matthews), Fairlight (Lewis), The Idler (F. Hill), Ulva (Matson), Bridemark (Walker). Amount in totalisator, .£2,490 j dividend, .«Hi. ? y _ After going a furlong Thunderer took up the running and led to the pickets, where Staffa shot to the front and was never afterwards headed, winning by a couple of lengths, Trentalto being three quarters of a length away third,. The Idler a good fourth, then Lilith. Viking tend Bridemark, the last three being Thun- derer, Vakoel and Ulva. Time, lmin. 47isec. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE- Of 400 sovs., second 50 sovs and third 25 sovs. from stake. About three miles.. £289 Mr. H. A. Morris's oh g Stockings, by Hamlet'R Ghost-Miss Twist, a,9st.31b,ino. 4lb. over (J Kain) -Ë101 Mr. John Pile's g g Confidence, aged, 9st. 51b. (T. Curtin) _47910s. Mr. C. Faulkner's blk m Britomarte, a, 9st. 111b. (Law)... 3 Other starters (totalisator investments upon each being also given) : ¿19(510s., Banjo (S. Ferry) ; _39S 10s., Eclipse (F. Barr); _198 10s., Tha Actress (P. Deveney) ; .£473 lus., Grassmere (M. Carey); _7 ,£108, Desperado (J. McGowau), _280 10s., Bei-ngl (A. Ellis); _f}9, Arbitrator (B. Brewster), Amount in totalisator, ¿62,758 ; dividend, £8 16s. Grassmere and Stockings led over the initial jump in ad vanea of Banjo, Eclipse, Desperado and Confidence. Arbitrator came to grief at the first of the treble, and then Stockings took command, and after jumping tht stone wall he draw out thirty lengths in the lead from Grassmere, Banjo, Confidence and The Actress, with Abbots- ford last. These positions were maintained to the first of the double, where Grassmere and Eclipse headed Stockings, but the next jump saw Stockings again shoot to the front. Abbotsford baulked at the next fence, and Bernai also cama to griçf. Stock- ings went on to the first of the double, where lie was joined by Eclipse, and th« pair went on a couple of lengths from Brit- omarte, Grassmere and Confidence being together some distance off, with Banjo and Desperado racing together np the tis». Eclipse fell at the back, leaving Confidence and Stockings in the lead up to the last fence, where Britomarte fell, and Grass- mere'baulked. A good race ensued to the old stand, where Confidence failed, and Stockings went on and won by five lengths, Britomarte being third, Eclipse fourth, and then Desperado and Grassmere. Time, 7m}n. lace ' r ALDEBMAK COT.-A. handicap of 300 sovs,, -with a gold oup, value 100 sovs,, the gift of (Alderman Either, added; second horse 60 sovs,, and third 25 sovs. from stake. One mile and thre» quarters. Mr. A. A. Samuel's br h The Chevalier, byLoohiel-The Oak«, 4yrs., 8st. 31b. (Dawes) .1 Mr. C. Cock's cb. g Viking, 4 yrs., 7st. 51b. (C. Power) .3 Mr. T. Swinton's b or br m Response, 6yrs., 8st. 101b. (H. Holmes) ... 3 Other starters : Lord Grenville (W. Lake), Thunder Queen (Lewis), Birksgate (Matthews), Princess of Wales (Matson), The Royalist (MoEtthill), Dearix (Mc Grrath), U. Z. (Walker), Helwwi (Deveney), Swithin (Reed). Amount in totalisator, 43,630 ; dividend, __16s. Princess of Wales and XT. Z. led np to the hill, where the former had to give way to The Royalist. The Chevalier and Viking then ran up to U. Z., and the pair entered the straight in front of Tha Royalist, Tho Chevalier, and Princess of Wales. A couple of furlongs from home Viking had Assumed command, and U.Z. gave way to The Royalist, The .Chevalier and Response. At tho pickets The Chevalier took second place and securing the measure of Viking at the Old Stand won by two and a half lengths, Response being a length away third. Princess of Wales was fourth and then The Royalist, U.Z. and Lord Grenville, with Helena last. Time, 3min. 10sec. ROSE PAEK HANDICAP.-Of 150 sovs., second 20 sovs., and third IO sovs. from stake. Five furlongs. Mr. G. A. Gibson's br g > Esau, by " Boolka-Black Tulip, 6 yrs., 6st. 81b. (F. Hill) .1 Mr. J. Morrison's br m Wild Olive, 6 yrs., 8st. 61b. (Dawes). 2 Mr. A. Davies's b g Bean Brummel, 4 yrs., Sst. 41b. (Thomas) ._ ... 3 Other starters : Thunderer (Brown), Laundress (Trainor), Fund (W. Lake), Security (E. Hodgkins), Golden Fleece (J. Fagg), Tapioca (Lewis), Alveary (Matthews), Mv Novel (Day), Limelight (Reed),Quiokshôt (McEnhlU), Tranquillity (MeGrath), Firelock (Walker), Dumps (Deveney), Norway (Matson), Cash (Drury), Clytemnestra (Sheppard). Amount in totalisator, __,547 10s.; dividend, _I17 7s. Tranquillity shot out and led to the half distance, but failed to last, and Esau, who then took up the running, was never headed and -won by a length and »-half from Wild Olive, Bean Brummel half a length off third, Norway fourth, the last lot being Cash, Golden Fleece and Clytem- nestra. Time, lmin. 34sec. RACING IN NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY TATTERSALL'S MEETING. STDNET, May 30. Saturday's miserable weather had a serious effeot upon Sydney Tattersall. Club meeting, held at Randwick yesterday. Only 3,000 people faced the cold wind and rain that prevailed during the afternoon. Cash betting was carried on in full swing, though the police took the names of those bookmakers who were defying the law. The racing was conducted without a hitch. The Hurdle Race rested between Faber, Favour and Satanella, the former winning easily at the finish. Aurea and Nor'-West were most favoured for the Flying Handi- cap, bub Kilt broke a spell of ill-luck by scoring a nice win from The Tola and Nor' East. Eos was at first chosen favourite for the Tatteraall's Stakes, but was soon supplanted by Queen of the Bing, who went out a 2 to 1 Favourite, mth The Cryer next in demand. Silverton, however, popped up as a surprise, and the books rejoiced accordingly. Messmate appropri- ated the Winter Stakes after a hard struggle with Vanitas, and another out- sider in Braeburn disconcerted backers by winning the Welter Handicap from Pasqnin. Following were the results : HuRDiiB RACB ; about two miles.-Faber, lOst. 21b. (Fallon), 1; Favour, list. 21b. (Hendricks), 2; Satanella, 9st. 71b. (McNalley), 3. Other starters : Jack Bull and Dalley. Betting : 8 to 4 Faber, 6 to 2 Favour, 5 to 1 Satanella. Entering the straight Faber went to the front, and won by four lengths from Favour, Satanella being a bad third, Dalley and Jaek Bull fol- lowing in tha rear. Time, 4min. 4sec. FLTING HANDICAP, six furlongs.-Kilt, by Lochiel-Mantilla, 9st. 51b. (House- man), 1 ; The Tola, 7st. 13lb. (Sixsmith), 2 ; Nor' East, 7st. 131b. (W. Delaney), 3. Other starters : Albecore, Aurea, Thespian, Devoted, Mutineer, Blue Vest, Ettebah. Betting : 3 to 1 Auroa, ,7 to 2 Nor' East, 7 to 1 Kilt and Thespian, 8 to 1 Blue Vest, 10 to 1 others. Kilt at once went to the front and led all the way, winning by a length and a half from The Tola, Aurea finishing fourth, Thespian fifth, and Albi core last. Time, lmin. 15*fsec. TATTERSALI/S STAKES, six furlongs. Silverstone, 7st. 101b. (Cox), 1- Strathglass, 7st. 51b. (Hardiman), 2; Quean of the King, 8st. 41b. (F. Fieldor), 3. Other starters: Daphne, Holkar, St. Francis, Clan Alpine, Ninepins, Strathroy, Ailie, Correzette, Ante, Marohfield, Eos, The Cryer and Beauvoid. Betting: 5 to 2 agst Queen of the Ring, 4 to 1 Th» Cryer, 8 to 1 Eos and Silverstone, 10 to 1 others. Silverstone gave nothing else a chance, and won easily by four lengths ¿rom Strathglass, who beat Queen of the Bing for second place, Marchfield and Holkar being closa up, and Eos last. Time, lmin. 16îsec. WINTER STAKES, one mile and a quarter.-Messmate, Sst. 21b. (Barden), 1 ; Vanitas, 8st. 41b. (H. Fielder), 2; Projec- tile, 9st. 21b. (Huxley), 3. Other starters : Kallatina, Hindoo, Cooee, Royal Rose, Miss Nora, Taranaki, Akarini, Tho Trier, Pense-à-moi, and Duddingston. Betting: 7 to 2 against Messmate, 4 to 1 Vanitas, 5 to 1 Projectile, 6 to 1 Royal Rose, IO to 1 others. Vanitas led the field at a good pace along the back and into the straight. .On reaching the straight, Messmate, who had been lying back in the ruck, went to the front and, taking command at the distance won by a length from Vanitas, who beat Projectile by a length, then came Duddingston, Akarini and Cooee, with Hindoo and Royal Rose last. Time, 2min. 14jseo. WELTER HANDICAP, one mile.-Braeburn 7st 91b. (Durston) 1 ; Kelso, lOst. 101b. (Iogersole), 2; Pasquín, 7st. 71b. (McCarthy), 3. Other starters: Sadur, Inverday, Euglo, Wingello, Robin Hood, Sovereign, Physician, Queen of the Bing, Giril, Clover Hill, Surge, Vigilance, Slow boy, The Sailor, The Chief, Strathglass. Betting: 3 to 1 Euglo, 4 to 1 Giril, 6 to 1 Sovereign, 8 to 1 Vigilance, 10 to 1 Kelso, Surge and Queen of the Bing. Won by a neck. Time, lmin. 44'sec. N VICTORIAN RACING. MOONEY VALLEY MEETING. MELBOURNE, May 30. The Moonga Valley B.C. held a meeting at Moonee Valley yesterday afternoon in delightful weather, there being a large attendance. Tha piogramme. included four jumping events. In the Final Steeple- chase Gladesville, holding the leading position, ran off, and the remit of the stewards inquiring into the circumstances was the suspension of T. Brooks (owner), and C. Robertson (jockey), for twelve months for suspicious practices. In the Commonwealth Steeplechase, Leap Year fell heavily, breaking his neck, lus jockey, A. Williams escaping with a shaking. Details of the results follow : MAIDEN HURDLE RACE, one milo and four and a half furlong«.-Mr. Batty's His Grace,1 flat. 2lb- (McLaughlin), 1 ; Mr. Roberts' Sonata, 93t. 101b. (J. Hoysted), 2 ; Mr. Miller's Bonton, 9sfc. 71b. (Logan), 3. Other ßtarterä: The Ros, Blackthorn, Veracity, Eucla and Collendina. Betting : 6 to 4 against His Grace, 5 to 2 Sonata, 7 to 1 The ROB and Veracity, 8 to 1 Bonton, 10 to 1 the others. Won by half a length, Bonton being two lengths off, third, then Eucla and Blackthorn, and Veracity last. Tim», 3min. 2sec. TRIAI, STEEPLECHASE, two miles.-Mr. Guiness's Perfection, lOst. 71b. (J. Ander- son), 1 ; Mr. Edwards's Mazeppa, list. Sib. ?^Nichols), 2; Mr. Zittle's My Folly, lOst. 101b. (W. S. Cox), 3. Others: Gladys, Samphire, Paddy the Boy, and Enga. Betting i 5 to 2 against Mazeppa, 4 to 1 Gladys and Inga, 6 to 1 Perfection, 8 to 1 Paddy the Boy, 10 to 1 others. Gladys, while holding the lead ran ran off at the back, and Mazeppa falling at the last fenoe, Perfection cantered in an easy winner by fonr lengths, Mazeppa, who was re- mounted, being four lengths in front of My Folly ; Samphire last. Paddy the Boy pulled np. Time, 4min. 26sec. FÏDE&AL; HURDLE RACE, one mile and fonr and a half furlongs.-Messrs. Majrley and Little's Fernbank,' lOst. 81b. (Douglas), 1; Mr. Fountain's The Hero, 9st. (Gnlnane), 2 ; Mr. Miller's Insurance, list. 61b. (Mooney), 3. Other starters : B A, Castillio, Collingwood, Professor and Huntsman. Betting : 5 te 2 agst Insurance, 3 te 1 Fernbank, 5 to 1 Hero, 7 to 1 Huntsman, 8 to 1 Castillio, IO to 1 others. Won by a length from Hero, who was four lengths in front of Insurance, then Castlllie, R.A. and Huntsman, with Collingwood last. Time, 3min. 45sec. COMMONWEALTH STEEPLECHASE, two miles.-Mr. Hurlbert's Doctor, lOst. 91b. (Lavertv), 1 ; Mr. Smyth's Kalimna, 103t. 31b. (J. Williams), 2; Mr. Butcher's Stock- well, 9st. (H. Johnson), 3. Others : Leap Year, Baratta, Chummie, Poor Boy and SirW. Betting: 3 to 1 against Doctor and Leap Year, 7 to 2 Kalimna, 7 to 1 Poor Boy, 10 to 1 others. Leap Year, Poor Boy and Chummie fell. Won in a canter by four lengths, Stockwell a bad third, Baratta fourth and Sir W. last. Time, 4min. 4sec.. LANGWARRIN HANDICAP, five f urlong3. Mr. Fielder's Kingslev, 9st. (Luckman), 1 ; Mr. Miller's Hera, 8st 31b. (Pearson), 2 ; Mr. Davis's Glenken, 7st. 81b. (Pegrum), 8\. Others: Athlone, Auster, Merrigig, Lady Loch, Archie, Lee, Shannon, Portland, Valour, Princess, Vanity, Tarmier, Tallyho, and Wild Raven. Betting : 6 to 4 agst Kingsley, 7 to 2 Lady Loch, 4 to 1 Hera, 10 to 1 bar three. Won easily by a length from Hera, Glenken, being two lengths off third, Tallyho fourth, Lady Loch fifth, Tarmier last. Time, lmin^ 5sec. WELTER HANDICAP. Eight and a half furlongs.-Mr. L.Abrahams' Wolf, by Com- motion-Quality, 8st. lib. (G. Stevenson), 1 . Mr. Atkinson's Dunlin, 7st. 71b. (B. Walker), 2; Mr. Gidnéy's I.Y.H.U., 9st. 21b. (Murphy), 3. Other starters: Cats- paw, Irr um, Merrijig, Fleurette, Hullaba- loo, and Lord Brassev. Betting : 5 to 4 on Wolf, 7 to 2 agst I.Y.H.U., 8 to 1 Merri- jig, IO to 1 others. Won in a canter by a length, Dunlin a similar distance behind I.Y.H.U., Flaurette fourth, and,Hullaba- loo last. Time, lmin. 57sec. WRESTLING. PEARCE DEFEATS LUCIFER. The mixed style wrestling contest be- tween Harry Pearce, the acknowledged all round champion wrestler of the colonies, and William Lucifer, the American strong man, high-kicker and athlete, whose appearances on the variety stage have popularised him looally, whioh took place in the Perth Town Hall on Saturday night was witnessed by an audience numbering between 400 and 500, all the seating ac- commodation upon the stage being occupied, while the body of the hall was well filled. The much-talked-of match not being timed to starb until nine o'clock, an exhibition of boxin» was given by "Dummy" Mace and M. ' Mcinerney, which pair of fighters indulged in several rounds of lively sparring, the go being an earnest one. The boxing being brought to a close at a quarter to nina, it was decided that the wrestling should com- mence at once, and accordingly Pearce and Lucifer immediately carne upon the stage, attended by their respective trainers. Prof. W. H. Seguy being Lucifer's attend- ant, while Horace Hammond looked after Pearce. Prior to the opening of the matohMr. G. S. Nemo, the stake-holder, announced that the stake of ¿6100 had been duly deposited by each party, and added (¡hat ha wished to dispel the absurd rumour which had been circulated that the match waa not to be a fair and square one. It had come to his ears that some persons had declared that the result was pre- arranged, but he declared that such was not-the case, that each man would try his hardest to win ; but if there was any sus- picion of wrong work during the match the audience could rest satisfied that the referee and himself (as stakeholder) would not countenance the same. The referee, Mr. J. Rsany, having conferred with Lucifer and Pearce as to the longfch of the intervals to be allowed, " time " was called by tho timekeeper, Mr. Gerrard Longson, and at 10V minutes to 9 the rival wrestlers shook hands and the boat openad, Grraco Roman style having been selected by Pearce, who won the toss. At the end of a minute Pearce was thrown by Lucifer by a waist hold and the Cool- gardie representative lay under Lucifer for the full'extent of a minute when he regained his leg3. At the end of a quarter of an hour neither man had secured an advantage, and while the men had hold of each other "time" was called and the first interval of four minutes ensued. The second round was started at eight and a-half minutes past 9 and Pearce imme- diately lifted Luciter up and threw him on to the mat, the Americ _i cleverly avoiding falling on his back. Pearce repeated the performance within the next minute, Lucifer again getting smartly upon his feet. At the end of 41 minutes Pearce got Lucifer on his side and appeared to force him on to his shoulders. A fall wa3 claimed for Pearce, the majority of the speclatois appearing to recognise that Lucifer had been fairly thrown, but the Referee dis- allowed the fall and ordered the men to wrestle on. Within a minute later Pearce succeeded after several ineffectual attempts to gat a full hold upon Lucifer and in throwing his opponent, the fall being a fair one-first fall to Pearce in 20"fmin. actual wrestling, Grasco-Roman. An interval of six minutes followed, and then the bout in the Catch-as-catch- can style was opened, Lucifer promptly feeling for a leg hold. Ho obtained a hammer lock hold upon Pearce within a minute and a half of the opening of the bout, but with no result, and a minuto lfrfcar threw Pearce on lo the boards of the stage, but the ! conqueror of. Kneebone was quickly up. At the end of'five minutes Lucifer secured | leg hold upon his opponent, and held Pearce's aukle in his vice-like grasp | for a full minute, Pearce giving signs of suffering mo3t acute pain. Pearce was worked on to his hack, but lather than allow his shoulders to touch the mat kept his body up by his head for half a minute and then, unable to bear the pam which Lueifer's ankle grip was causing him, gave in, dropping back on his shoulders-a fall to Lucifer, in catch-as-catch-can style, in 6Jmin. A longer interval then ensued, several minuteb being occupied in the discussion of the e-cact conditions of the match which however, it was found, provided that a style shoidd be declared, won when two falls out of three had been secured by one r>onipeiilot\ At 241 minute* to 10 o'clock the socond bout in Grceco Roman style wa3 commenced, Pearce looking the ire3her of the two men. Within two minutes Pearce secured a half Nelson hold upon Lucifer, after which., when the oppoitunity offered, he obtained the strangle hold upon the strong man, and Lucifer wa ~~man securely, Lucifer's endeavours to get out of the grip being futile; and Pearce, recognising that he had Lucifer beaten, and was slowly but surely choking him, asked the referee to advise Lucifer's trainer to give the fall to him (Pearce). This Prof. Saguy was loth to do, but Lucifer himself was unable to boar the strength of Pearce's grip longer, and gave in-second fall and victory to Pearce in Groco-Ronaan style in 4imin. Lucifer's appearance testified to the severeness of the encounter which he had so gamely withstood against Pearce as he was helped back to his corner. His tongue was almost black, his teeth loose and mouth bleeding, while he was completely winded. Such was his condition that he informed his trainer that he was unable to go on with the match 'and that he would giva Pearce the complete victory, which Prof. Seguy stated to the referee, at the same time throwing a towel up on the mat as a signal of acceptance of defeat, and Mr. Reany duly announced Lucifer's acknowledgment of Pearce's superiority to the audience, who were divided in their support of the ,rival wrestlers. Thus tho match ended in 32 minutes' actual wrest- ling time. ' Pearce well deserved his victory, his scientific knowledge of the innumerable points of the Grseco-Roman style serving him in better stead than did the muscular strength of his opponent, of whom, how- ever, it must be said that he was not thoroughly himself, not having quite recovered from sickness which attacked him after returning from his trip to the goldfields. In fact he stated after the match that, while in good condition, he was not feeling thoroughly well. But Pearce should be robbed of none of the credit due to him. He stripped the better conditioned of the two, showed more science in wrestling, and won fairly upon his merits. After the conclusion of the match the stakes of .¡6200 were paid over to Pearce, who will receive also 75 per cant, of the nett takings of the house, while Lucifer will receive 25 per cent, as his loser's share. Pearce challenged Lucifer again on Satur- day night, offering to wager him a suit of clothes to nothing that be would throw Lucifer once in Groco-Roman quicker than Lucifer would secure a fall against him in catch-as-catch-can style, and Lucifer accepting the challenge, the contest will probably take place on the occasion of a benefit to be tendered-to Professor W. H. Seguy one night during this week. FOOTBALL, WEST PERTH v. ROVERS. A considerable amount of interest was evinced in th« meeting oí the West Perth and Rovers' Football C'ubr on the Asso- ciation-ground oit Saturday, ' and a large crowd of speelatvis witnessed a splendid contest. The tuí.ms were constituted as follow : Rovers. - Wells, Whelan, Geddes, Greeves, Kennedy, Tradennick, Cullen, Liddelow, Cross, Edwards, Robertson, O'Brien, Borland, Wiseman, Wildy. Gavan, Dhorman, Price, Arnott, Graham. West Perth.-Whelan, ReiUey, Reid, McPherson, Decoit, Griffin, Atkins, E. Lockwood, Grecian, Rolfe, Marme, Walton, A. Lockwood, Cummings, Jaokson, Jones, Brown, Coombe, Williams and McKenzie. With so many players of Eastern fame included in their team, West Perth were distinctly the favourites, but it was ap- parent by the cheers of encouragement which were bestowed upon the Rovers that they also were well supported. The in- terest in the match commenced with the bounce of the ball and increased as the game progressed to such an extent that in the last quarter a scene of wild excite- ment was witnessed. Those who have followed the game in this colony for the past few years declared it to be the finest struggle evar seen, and indeed it would be difficult to imagine anything closer and mere intensely excit- ing. In the first half West Perth had somewhat the best of the game, their all- round play reaching at timas to the highest grade of excellence. But the Rovers fought pluckily, and when the players re- turned to the pavilion for the interval the scores were-West Perth, 1 goal 6 behinds ; Rovers, 1 goal 2 behinds. The third quarter saw West Perth making several unsuccessful attempts to add the major point to their scoie, whilst the Rovers wera mora fortunate, and ware a goal to the good when the bell rang for the last change of ends. Then, as the shades of evening were gradually falling, a magnifi- cent struggle was witnessed. The Rovers with a desperate onslaught broke through their opponents defence, and amidst great cheering, hoisted their third goal. Victory was within their easy reach. Then it was that the true worth of the men who had won honours in Victoria-the homo of the game-was brought out. Such players as Marmo, Grecian, the Lockwoods, Rolfe, DeCoit, Walton and others, wera seen in a fine exhibition of football. "West Perth made great rally and 'after storming the Rovers' citadel, an exoiting struggle re- sulted in De Coit putting up a second goal. Thus encouraged they made another attack, and Walton, amidst terrific cheer- ing, equalised the game. For the re- mainder of the quarter the excitement was very great. The play was open and gener- ally brilliant, some first-class marking baing witnessed on both sides. Up and down the ground the ball travelled, one moment in dangerous proximity to goal, and the next away on the wings and to the other end. To a large proportion of the crowd it was reminiscent of soma of the old battlos when South Melbourne and Essendon fought for the big premiership. At such a crucial period it was excusable that a few of the players lost their heads and ftempers, and to the umpire be the credit due that he did much to prevent any of thoso scenes which so often disgrace the football ground. At length, whon the bell rang out the finish, the scores were : West Perth, 3 goals 9 behinds Rovers, 3 goals 2 behinds. Under the circumstances a drawn game was perhaps a fitting conclusion. It would bo invidious to pick ont a few players as having done well, as they all did theil best to secure viotory, and the play on the whole was decidedly brilliant. Mr. J. Orr officiated as umpire, and was fairly satisfactory. FREMANTLE v. IMPERIALS. The first meeting this season between the two Port teams was looked forward to with a considerable amount of interest and there were fully 2,000 spectators assembled at the Fremantle Oval on Saturday, when the two old-time antago- nists met. While it was recognised that the Imps, have materially increased the strength of their team by the inclusion of some good men, there was a large following who pinned their faith to the red and whites, notwithstanding the fact that last yeai's premiers had not shown anything to justify the expectation that they would be "in it" with so strong a combination as the Imps, placed in the field. However, the game was no sooner started than the Fremantle men delighted their sup- porters by the determined character of their play. For a tune they more than held their own against the bluf and white men. and it was not long before " Griff " Johns ra'=fid the first goal for the Fi-em?ntles. Still adopting aggressive tactics the Fremantle. again made trouble in the back lines of the Imps and a delighted yell aro-e when "Pohs '' Watson placed the second goal to the credit ol his side Tho baLiuce of the quarter was stubbornly fought, and the Imps by forcing play had a number of shots foi* goal, O'De-i and Stalk each oe'ng successful, and wheu the first quarter ended honoms were easy. Hard fight- ing characterisad the whole of the second quarter ; the game was play«d at a rattling pace, and the ball travelled from end to end in quick succession. Neithar team succeeded in increasing the number of goals during this term. On the resumption of play after the interval there was no cessation of effort on the pait of either side. A random goal was obtained by Christy from a snap shot. Another by O'Dea improved the chances or the Imperials. Fremantle retaliated when '* Kelly " Smith, from a free-kick, lessened the gap between the scores. The play now became rather rough, and eventu- ally Watts and Bee disgraced themselves by a stand-up fight immediately opposite the Press-box. The prompt interference of a police officer had the effect of restrain- ing the valour of the combatants, both of whom, it is understood, will be reported to the Association. Up till the opening of the final quarter the Fremantle players -were holding their own. Tha pace was made very fast, and from their evident want of training the Fremantle sustaiuad a defeat. The Imps, proved to be the better stayers, and before the final term ended succeeded in netting another couple of goals, the final result being :-Imps, 6 goals 7 behinds ; Fre- mantle, 3 goals 3 behinds. The following were the goal-kickers :-Imperial-O'Dea (2), ¡Stark, Christy, Russell, Morrison. Fremantle-John, Watson, anct Smith. SATURDAY'S JUNIOR'MATCHES. Following is the result of the junior foot- ball match between the Heclev Park md the Telegraph Messengers' Fooúbail Clubs, played on Saturday :- Henley P¡vk, 4 goals 5 behinds; Telegraph Messengers, 3 goals 6 behinds. Goal Kickers for Hen- ley Park-E. Halliday, J. Wells, E. Bell, and W. Christie. WEST PERTH V. SUBIACO JUNIORS. This match was played at Guildford on Saturday afternoon, and resulted in a victory for West Perth by 7 goals 13 behinds to 3 goals 11 behinds. O'Donnell 3 goals, Kennedy 2 goals, Lillyman and Clark 1 each were the goal-kickers for the winning team, Morgan, Davis, Shore. Kennedy, Clark, and Walsh playing splendid football for the winning team. Davis showing his superiority at taking marks, taking several over the others with the greatest aase. For the losers, Coward, Hayes, Grayson, Girdleston, and Palmer playing very well. The North Fremantle and East Perth tried conclusions at Richmond on Satur- day. The match was well contested, and after a hard-fought finish resulted in a victory for North Fremantle by 7 goals 11 behinds to 6 goals 3 behinds. The goal kickers for North Fremantle were :-Glee- son (3), Sloan (2). Joss and Thompson. For East Perth-Cullen (3), Cleeland (2), Huckle._ THE ALBANY SEASON OPENS. ALBANY, May 30. The football season was opened yester- day when North. Albany kicked 7 goals 9 behinds to West Albany's 6 goals 5 be- hinds. The North'B goal kickers were, Moelish (2), Buggins (2), Nunan, Graham and Keyser, whilst the West's goal kickere were, Greenwood (2), Syres, Doran, Griffith and West. Each side put fifteen men into the field, Graham, late of Port Melbourne, playing the best game of the 30\. j MATCH AT COOLGARDIE. COOLGARDIE, May 30. A football match was played to-day be- tween Coolgardie and Bonnie Vale. The scores were-Coolgardie, 10 goals 6 behinds (66 points), to Bonnie Vale no goals 4 be- hinds (4 points). VICTORIAN MATCHES. SATURDAY'S PREMIERSHIP GAMES. ) MELBOURNE, May 30. The premiership football matches yester- day resulted as follows :-Essendon, 6 I goals 6 behinds (scoring 42 points), beat Fitzroy, 2 goals 8 behinds (20 points) ; Melbourne, 11 goals 10 behinds (76 points), beat St. Kilda, 7 goals 4 behinds (46 points); South Melbourne, 5 goals 11 I behinds (41 points), beat Collingwood, 5 goals 3 behinds (33 points) ; Geelong, 5 goals 14 behinds (44 points), beat Carlton, 3 goals 4 behinds (22 points) ; North Mel- bourne, 6 goals 5 behinds (41 points), beat * Port Melbourne, 2 goals 8 behinds (20 points) ; Footscray, 2 goals 10 behinds (22 points), beat Williamstown, 4 behinds (4 points) ; Brunswick, 8 goals 6 behinds (54 points), beat Richmond, 4 goals 15 behinds (39 points). THE RUGBY GAME. PIRATES V. FREMANTLE. This game,played on Saturdayafternoon, was undoubtedly the most interesting and exciting of the several Rugby matches, from a spectator's point of. view. Captain Colls, of the Pirates, winning the toss, chose the north ond. There was little or no wind. The play from the kick-off was of a slow, give-and-take nature. From a scrum at the end of the 'first quarter, "Nipper" Atkinson smartly whipped the ball to his five-eights, who, after a smart dodgy run, transferred the leather to Philp, the wing three-quarter, who was grassed by Rosa. From a line-out Colls secured the ball and passed to Prender- gast, who in turn passed lo McRae, who, after a dodgy run, was collared by Jessop. Rollo very cleverly intercepting a pass amongst tho Fremantle backs made a grand run, and was within an aeo of scor- ing,- not being collared till within three yards of the Fremantle touch line. After an exchange of kicks between tho three quarters Fremantle forced. From the kick-out the Fremantle forwards, following up smartly, smothered King, who passed out to Wooller, who made a good dodgy run up to the line, being carried out at the half-way flag. From the throw-in Faulkener seemed the ball and initiated a magnificent forward lush towards the Fremantle's line. Their fall-back, who was playing a very sure game, was equal to the occasion, and saved what seemed an almost certain scoro. From this on till lime was called there was a series of tight scrums aud short, dribbling rushes, the Fremantle forwards showing better combination than the Pirates. The first quarter of the second spell was a series of tight scrums and a good deal of line play. The Fremantle team being mostly on the defensive, time after time the Pirates attacked the Port's touch line witl^ great vigour, but were met with a determined resistanca, Atkinson, Philp, and Jessop being conspicuous in their efforts to save their line. But the Pirates, who were now playing with much better combination, were not to be denied, the back play of Chambers. Wooller, Rollo, and- Bryan being brilliant At last, after a strong forward rush, Faulkener gob over and scored fiist blood for tho Pirates. The kick at goal by Chambers -was a failure. Fremantle kicked out from their 25, and the forwards, following smartly, put the Pirates on the defensive, but by a piece of beautiful passing by Bryan, Bollo, and Chambers, the leather was carried back into the saasiders' 25, when Atkinson mads a grand run into the Pirates' 25, and pass- ing when grassed, Fremantle scored. The kiok at goal was from an extremely diffi- cult angle, but "Nipper" Atkinson footed tha ball over the bar amid the jubilations of the Ports' barracks«. The Pirates then kicked off, and playing, ono and all, "like a book," Wooller and Rose being specially prominent, at once put the 11 remantlo on the defensive, thora being now only a very few minutes left. The spectators' cheering for their respective teams was deafening time and again. The Pirates were within an ace of scoring when Bryan, who was playing a ringing game, obtained a mark near ti-e Port'' 25 flag, and dropped a goal from a very difficult angle. Almost immediately after time was called, and thus ended one of the most exciting Rugby games seen in Perth. The players showing best form wire-For Fremantle, Philp, Atkinson, and Eyle° ; and for P'rates, Wooller, Rose, Collo, Bryan, and Rollo. SWAN CLUB SCRATCH MATCH. A scratch match will be played at the Esplanade on Tuesös.y at 4 p.m. between tha A and B teams. All members and in- tending members are requested to attend, as the teams will be arranged on the ground. PRESENTATION TO FOOTBALLERS. Avery pleasant two hours were spent at O'Beirne's Club Hotel, Fremantle, on Saturday night, the occasion being a presentation from the members of the Fremantle Football Club to those two sterling players, Messrs. A. J. Chadwick and A. Farrant, both of whom have recently joined the ranks of the Benedicts. Mr. T. O'Beirne, the president of the club, was in the chair. Mr. R. Dearie, acting Mayor of North Fremantle and a vice president of the club, ia making the presentations, eulogised the recipients, who, he asserted, had by the manly play and gentlemanly spirit which both exhibited on the football field done much to popularise the Australian game in West Australia. He could not help re- garding the occasion of the gathering as a high and well-deserved compliment to both gentlemen, because he felt assured that both had the best wishes of the whole of the members of the club for their future happiness. Messrs. Chadwick and Farrant suitably responded. The presentation con- sisted of a cruet and fish-knive3 and a handsomely-bound album and fish-knives respectively.. ATHLETICS. FREMANTLE HARRIERS/-v* The opening run of the above club takes place to-morrow afternoon (Tuesday), at 2.30, from tha club's headquarters, Rich- mond Hotel (North Fremantle road bridge). A larga muster is expected, and on the return home a' tea and social will be held. / HOMING. ,;: ' FREMANTLE CLUB. The second race from Chidlow's Well to Fremantle, in connection with the above Club, took place on Saturday and resulted as follows: - Messrs. A. Warren and J. Waterhouse'8 blue o hen Primrose, 1st. Time, 51min. Mr. Mali's black c cock Doctor and black c cock Maori,tied for second place. Time, 53min. -/ QUOITS. PERTH QUOIT CLUB. The opening tournament of the Perth Quoit Club attracted a large number of visitors to the olub's rinks at the Clarendon Hotel on Saturday afternoon, when several events were decided. The first item on the card, the Maiden Handicap, brought out fourteen competitors, and excited con- siderable interest. Next Saturday the final round for the Byi.n trophy viili be decided, the winner being entitled to hold the amateur championship of the club. Mr. W. McRae as referee gave every satis- faction, and the secretary. Mr. G. Garner, was indefatigable in the discharge of his duties. Appended are the results -First Round : D. Herald (5) beat D. Oats (ser.), 21-20 ; G. Gravton (ser.) beat E. Stephens (10), 21-11 ; J."Murray (8) beat J. Balfield (8), 21-18 ; G. Amos (12) beat W. Wise (6), 21-13; F. Kelly (8) beat J. Minogau (10), 21-18. Second Round: J. Murray beat F. Kelly, 21-IS; G. Amo3 beat G. Grayton, 21-11. Final: G. Aino3 (12), 21, 1 ; F. Herald (ser.), 20, 2 ; J. Murray (8), 14, 3. _ CYCLING. LEAGUE OF N.S.W. WHEELMEN. 26-MILE ROAD RACE. SYDNET, May 30. The League of N.S.W. Wheelmen on Saturday brought off a 26-mile read race, the course being from Manly to Bay Viow and back. The roads were in a deplorably muddy condition. The winner turned up in T. H. Barkell, who had a handicap of 13min. He accomplished the distance in Ihr. 47min. 13sec, L Corbett, with the handicap of Gmin. 5?-ea, finishing second in Ihr. 43min. llsec, and J. J. Cleary, with a start of 5min. 20sec. being third in Ihr. 4Smin. 37sec. The festest time was made by H. Bagnall, who rode the dis- tance in Ihr. Siam. 15sec. RACES AT ST. KILDA. MELBOURNE, May 30. A cycling meeting was held at St. Kilda yesterday in aid of D. Kirk, the rider who is permanently disabled through a recent accident. The net profit amounted to about ¿50. During the afternoon AValne put up a record for a quarter of a mile, from a flying start and nnpaced- He cut out the distance in 27ÓCC. Another rider, Green, tied the record for ¡i fíying-start quarter of a mile, paced. Columbia Bicycles are a revelation of beauty, s'rength, lightness, and easy running, the de- light of all cyclists. Reduced to .£25 nett. Union Stores L:mited, Framaatle.-Advt. ''Swift" Bicycle1: are known as the be?t English make, and Union Stores, Limited, Fre- mantle, have a goo X selection of ladies' gent.'s. .ind boys' machines at reduced prices. Bicycle and bicycle fittings are a speci alty a the Union Stores Limitad, Fremnntle-Colum- bias. Hartfords, Swifts, Granniies, Marriotts. -Advt. The high cost of living may h.-> r-'dored to a minimum by purchasing your procFrire, in fnr ture, and household le^uirements from Union Stores, Limited.-Advt. For Bedsteads. Cots, &c;, inspect W. Zimpel's Furniture Wareshouse. in. Hay- strcct. Always on hand a large stock of French Half-tester and Four-po3ter Bedsteads at at very low prices. Also a large stock of Wire Stretchers and Wire Mattresses manufactured on the Premises. Kapok and other Beds supplied in large quanti ,tiea at short notice,-Advt. ROBBERIES AT SUBIACO. To THE EDITOR. SIR,-I read an aecount in your issue of the WEST AUSTRALIAN to-day, of a robbery in Douro-street yesterday, as if it were some unusual occurrence, but in Subiaco robberies take place day and night all round the district. Fourteen days ago a house was broken into at half-past 11 in the morning, and _30 worth of jewellery stolen, and though the police were made aware of the theft in less than an hour after, nothing has ever been heard of the robbers. Egg3 ara daily stolen from the fowl yards, clothes taken from off the lines in broad daylight, wood that has been bought and paid for, and cut np for use, stolen out of the yards, milk jugs and cans that are left out in the afternoon for the 4 o'clock milk round, carried off. Timber is taken from buildings in course of erec- tion, and bricks and timber carried off wholesale. I went into a shop in Brooma road, this morning, and each one in the shop was talking and telling each other of the different things that have been stolen from them within this lastfew weeks. One kitchen door was opened-gjule tha people were in another room,ipejjid _8 taken. There is a gang of boys here, who ought to be at school, but who spend their time hunting round the neighbourhood for everything they eau lay their hands on, their latest exploit being carting wood out of the Perth Public Park at Subiaco, which other people have paid a license for. It is high time a policeman came down to this infested and unhappy part of Western Australia, and caught a few of the smart gentry that are doing so well out of day- light robberies. Subiaco used at one time to be a very desirable place to live in, but of bite it is a perfect den of thieves. Yours, etc., SUFFERER. Subiaco, May 26. HIGH RENTS ON PASTORAL LEASES. To THE EDITOR. SIR,-If the Government are sincere in their wish to see all sections <»f the com- munity prosperous-and I believe they are -their immediate attention should be directed to the serious state of the pastor- alists in the north. These men have spent their money in opening up the country and developing it. They have fought against all the hardships attendant en a pioneer's life, and, after having devoted their energies and their best years to the industry, find themselves to-day hampered with debt, and a ruinons draught staring them in the face. Taking into considera- tion the many disadvantages to be con- tended with-namely, the uncertain rain- fall, distance from market, light sandy nature of the country, th« large areas necessary to be takon up to enable them to carry a limited number of stook, and the uncertain state of the stock route-the rent of ten shillings per thousand acres is excessive, and is more than runholders can afford to jay. A reference to the Government Gazette of January 30, 1897, ought to bo sufficient evidence of this, if the vast areas liable to forfeiture are taken into consideration. Reviewing the able speech delivered by tha Premier at Bun- bury, I find that the miner and farmer are to receive the special attention of the Government, the only reference to the unfortunate pastoralist being that a duty will be maintained on cattle, sheep, and frozen meat. Whilst commending the Government for their expressed desire to protect and assist the squatter in this diraction, I would point out that there are other ways by which the pastoral industry can not only bo protected, but established on a sound footing. This colony offers special facilities for the establishment of freezing works at its various stock ports, which are within easy distance of the large stock centres of tha colony. The bruised condition of the meat and the loss in ship ) ping livo stock to market would by this means be overcome, and the meat delivered [ at less cost and in a healthy and market- able condition. With the establishment of freezing works at the principal stock ports of the colony, producers would be placed on an even footing with their Eastern cousins, and, under juoicioas management, should be able to command the whola of the meat supply of the colony, and profitably com- pete with them in the exportation of frozen produce. An equitablo adjustment of rents for pastoral leasos should recoiv» the earnest consideration of the Governmant. The carrying capabilities of the country, its distance from port, and the cost of convoy- ing produce there should be considered, and the holding appraised accordingly. Is it not manifestly unjust that a settler whose holding is one hundred or two hun- dred miles inland, and who has to pay £5 to X10 per ton on his produce to p*rt, and the same on supplies for the station, should have to pay the same rentas the runholder f whose cost in this connection is only a pound to thirty shillings per ton, through his holding being nearer tho port "of shipment " Unfortunately for those inter- ested, the dead sheep, cattle and horses, and odd bales of wool which ara in evidence along the road from Carnarvon np tho Gas- coyne are a practical illustration of the heart-breaking work settlers have to con- tend with in getting their produco to market. ' It is satisfactory .to note that the Attorney-General's sympathies are with the pastoralists. His special mention of them and their troubles at the Pro- ducers' Conference is evidence that his support is assured when their interests are dealt with, as they must be when the nrxt Parliament meets. I feel sure that if Sir John Forrest, whose dearest wish is the prosperity of his nativo country and its people, would pause and look into the great colony over which he rules, ho would speedily realise tho position of this section of the community. He would be able to recognise that there is a screw loose somewhere; and, having discovered the fact, he would. I feel suro, do his best to remedy it.-Yours, etc., THE WANDERER. Weenamia, Gascoyne, May 1. SOME ELECTION LESSONS. To THE EDITOK. SIR,-Many lessons an many matters may bo learned by an intelligent review of the general olections just past; but perhaps one of tho most interesting to those looking benoath the surface is the apparent endeavour of the Roman Cathelic hierarchy to seize every possible seat. The evidence of tbis is not only to be observed in the very large number oí candidates be- longing to this denomination-which may be partly accounted forby tho political pro« clivities of Irishmen in general-but more especially is it to be found in the circum- stances surrounding the elections for Tood- yay and the Moore. Mr. Clarkson, tho late member for Toodyay, had consistently sup- ported the wishes of tho Roman Catholics even to a greater degree than was relished by those of his own church. But this | availed him nothing. Mr. Quinlan, the successor of Mr. Clarkson (who dnrin» his -previous occupancy of a saat in the Assembly did not always disguise the motive power), had to be found a seat if possible. No better chance than Toodyay offered, so Mr. Clarkson had to be sacri- ficed. But a far moro plainly written index of the power behind tha candidate i was exhibited in the endeavour to oust Mr. Lefroy from the soat for tha Moore. The only apparent reason for the desire j of the Romish Church to supplant Mr. I Lefroy by a man of inferior capacity and illiteracy was the opportunity offered by the presence in the electorate of the New Norcia Mission, with its " forty monks," te vote solid for a mau who might be depended upon to vote in Parliament as his church required. Fortunately for this church, the electorate declined the invita- tion. It is impossible to believe that'the high-minded, genial, and hospitable founder of the New Norcia Mission could have been acting in accordance with his per- sonal feelings when he sought to degrade a man who had worked assiduously and faithfully with him for 20 years in the public affairs of the district. " A mandate from his church " can be the only explana- tion. I am assured-and it is well that whoever may be responsible for that man- dato should know it-that a very large proportion of the lay members of this church have not hesitated to express their disapproval of the attempt to oust Mr. Lefroy. In connection with this, it is so interest- ing to observe the events which have recently occurred in Canada, where it appears that " the great body of moderate Catholics in the country approve of the attitude of -Mr. Laurier when he- declares himself to be determined "to show te the world that Catholicism is compatible with the exercise of liberty in its highest acceptation." I venture to assert that the sooner this principle is adopted and preached by the Bishops of the Roman Catholic Church the more influence for good will that church gain, and the more influence for good will be possessed by those of her members who find seats in any Legislature. It is eminently desirable that a fair pro- portion of the seats in our Legislature should be held by members of this church, but their welcome would doubtless be the more cordial if they accepted the resolu- tion of all other denominations to keep the priest out of politics.-Yours, etc., Perth, May 15. OBSERVER. 