?ome C'urliiHillcH of Modern Photo, fcrnpliy. (Br Willmu G. FitoOebald.) (CONTINUED.1 'Firm of nl, Mr. Tnylnr pr curml tlin di BaentionH-of both steamers; tlio n|ipn-ximnto ?pood of both (it tlio time tlio photo, iras taken ; also tlio Iioi-ht ,,f tlio masts. Ho thon retired to a jmrk at Orouoh End. nrmcil With compossos nnd mcnsuring linos, find, : Bnbsotiuontlv. worked nut n littln tnnlhenmt irsl problem, tlio vessels being roprosonlod ' byb.ioks. ????..- After a trip to the Kenny to sitisfy him lelf on a fow miunr points in the construction ' of a Cunnnlor, Mr. Taylor trio tail out his theory, based upon ths fortuitous f-)iot»(;rMjih, before_tbe combined committees of both companies, using books this timo to repie ?ont the two vessels. . .\ One of the most eminent architect* in the kingdom once ?bnire'l a iibotoffnijili to n number of his colleagues Find they ever Been such on exqui-itely rnrted cnpiial 1 They hod not j nnd they miid a... Ttmn arose disputes m t» tlio precis.- nature of the arohitocture. Finnlly sundry liijj nogors ?were mode, nnd th.-n thn nfcilitont [rravoly proceoriod to explain llio stiucture of the column, nnd its capitnl. This he did by producing his Malnccn wulking-atick and n lew sprigs of succulent hroooli. Naturally enoughi however, after many abstruse^ dis quisitions un meditoval architecture had been given on theaubjeot of tho mystoriuus pillar, this explanation of the photograph was re ceived in silent disgust. ' : That photography has made many chants ID the painter's art, few enn deny. Had Zjandsoor fiern a kndaker, the paws of hi* massive lions in Trafalgar Square would not have been so faulty as they are ; nor, possibly would tho eyes of his horses and dogs have been bo largo. Xn a general way, an artist can toll when photography has entered ton largely into tho conception of a painting ; for one thing, tho perspectivo is somoivhat distorted. Howevor this may bo, I nm satisfied that 'Photography venm Art' is a Bora subject with thnso concerned. Lady Butler was, I behevo, the first English artist to portray a horse walking with three legs on tho ground. Consequently, a small force of police were required to keep back tho crowds that came to get a glimpso of her 'picture ' The Eoll Call,' when it was hung. Lady Butler took Moissonior as her authority forthis artistic innovation ; nnd it is common knowledge that thu French Government pro Tided that gr»nt mnstra with a littlo railway, in ordoi that he could travel along the road, with horses, sketching as he proceeded. . As will bo occasionally seen in this article, certain expertB denote themsolves to partic ular, branches of photography. Thonnnioof Captain Hayes is associated with equine photography, and he himself hns travollud all over rndin, China, and South Africa, armed with a hand-camera. As tho result of an argument with Mr. John Ohnrlton, the chiof artist of the Graphic, Captain Hayes once produced a photograph of a borso with all four logs on the ground, yet Bnowing'a dpcidod senao of movement. All sorts of odd inirans are devised to make horsos that are going to be photographed look smart. Tho olhcial photographer at tho Eoyol Military Depository tolls me he h&s;'a shrill whistle blown at tho critical mo ment ; or the sergeant-major who assists him opens an umbrella sharply, causing the horse to prick up i'n ears. 'Canine Leap-frog,' by Mr. Dresser, of Bexley, is one of the most successful instan taneous photographs ever taken. Infinite patience nnd ingenuity are required to get such pictures. Another famous animal photographer, Mr. . Frederick Hues, found that the best way to get a good photo, of a rhinoceros was to direct tho animal's attontinn to u buy clad in a, bright blue coat. 'Wild animals,' adds Mr. Haes, ' have a strange objection to a man in bis shirt sleeves.' Certainly one of the most interesting mar-. ?»els of photogrnphy is that tho mysterious ©ye of tlio en mum soos objects which &tb; lib* nolutoly invisible to tho human eye, the teloscopo, or the microscope, -' ' An export con take n sheet of paper pro parod with gf-Iatine nnd bii:hro:nate of pot . ash, and can photograph on it a' secret lottor, containing, it inuv bo treasonable matter. This done he may Sit down and write a garrulous letter nbojit tho crops, the weather and tho baby's hoalth. The recipient, of courso, euros for nonVof these things, but Wets the shoot with plffin water, holds it uj. to tho light, and literally reads ootwoen tho lines. ' Whon dry, th'e d.cunient dofios do * tectiou, and it can (no moistened nnd dried Mr. Traill TnyloV tolls mo that a room whioh appears visual's quite dark maybe full of the ultra-violet rayftpf tho spectrum, and, paradoxical as it may soom, photngrnphs maybe taken in that dark light. Dr. Glad- . atone, F.E.S., bus traced invisible drawings on wbtte cardboardf the 'fak \nBod being Mr. Taylor rolatos ft\ fu'My Btory concern ing a young ladv 'f V*iuntiHc, and at tho same time misnhii'vi...sf proclivities. This young ludy y$iiatM] upnn hnr fair brow with fluorescujn liquid a death's head fcnd (trimK-honos, 4pd she then demurely visited a photographer's to have her portrait instantaneously tukiV All wont woll until the operator Lid developed the plate, and then it became evident that be was having s totv with his assistant, whom ho blamed , . f or*coating a dirtulate* After apologies, a ' «ocond negative vns taken, and then the -'operator- fetched bistanster from downstairs, A thirl attempt was made, when sounds of a beatt-d ultcrvutiun were hiraid, followed, by a ?ffVUii ? '?.???? ' ? . ?' ' ..''-? ].?'?,,.;.:::, Tho phutogtaphor, palo and excited, re quostod his fair sitter to withdraw, ns there was electricity in the air which was unfavour ablo to photugraphy. Tho lndy insisted on taking away a uoga'tivo showing the hideous insignia on hor iorohend. It is a fact that the photographer requested the vicar of his parish to say a few prayers in his studio, after tho departure of his mysterious visitor. I reproduce a fair specimen of the rosult nchiovod from the union ot tho microscopo and tho camera. Tho tongue of a blowUy, of ' course, magnified . many . hundred di ameters. Without expressing an opinion of my own, t should like to touch upon the so-called psy chic or ghost photography, oonduoted in the presence of a spiritualistic medium. When one learns, by tho wny that Professor Orookes, F.E;S., and Dr. Alfred Eussel Wallace have investigntod the subjeot, beliore in it; 'and possess collections of spirit photos., one is almost tempted to think that there must be something in it.' The best-known experiment in ghoBt pho tography was conducted by Mr. Trail Tnylor in tlm presence of the well-known medium'' Mr. Da.id Duitiiid— a truly reaasuriugnnrno, at any rate. Mr. Tnylor not only used hl9- own unopened pnuku^is of drv plates nutl conducted the developing himself, but lio'so- b iratch ' upon his-own camera in the guiso uf a duplicnto one of tho sumo foous. And yet ghosts appeared— spirits of dopnrted friends, all nicely draped. But, perhnos when I. turn to st«llnr photo graphy the nver/igod reader 'ill bo able to form a more adequate . conception; on ? the mnrvols ofrihoiWn photoahaphy. :., ..:.;.. ' As-ell as-po.-ring into ihudoi'lK' iif -fh» narlli iiit.1 thu son, Mid nulling visibio ihu in visil.lii.'iho'oninitiiiioufi.yo.of tlioTcn'uei1n' dor feats the teloacop'o on; its own ground, -or rnthoriu its, own elufhent.. In 'an area which did not contain one visiiilu star, tan thousand, havo hern found by .photography..''; Wo havo photos, of lunnr mountain*, and ogg-shaped massos of hnzy tiobiilro which thi human oyo, aided by tho most 'powerful telescope in existence, could never have disci'verod. . Horois tlio wonpon.nf tho Nnw AstrMnomy. A gigantic telescope, fitted- as n ennaftra, arid currying a 'pinto of great sensitiveness, , is ox posed in tho ordinary way, as n- telescope only would' bo.' v-Tlw aji[iuratu8 is dnvoii by a huge clock, which. caiides the lulusi:opo to follow the stars for fifteen or twenty minutes, during which time a vast number of othi*r wiso invisible astral bvidios impress thorn ? solves on tho plats. Tho o.ye of tho camera, ho itnotod, does not tire j tholongorit gazes, the more sensitive vision it takes in. Tho very composition of the stellar worlds has baen determined by modern photography. . In 1872, Muybridjjo was official photo grapher to tho United Statos Government on the Paoifio Coast, and while at San Frnncis ooi a disputo arose betwoen two wealthy residents as to whether a fast-trotting horso bad at any moment his four fojt off the ground. After experimenting for a fow days, tuk inf? us a model tho colobrti£tid*&;uitiug horso, ' Occidunt,' who tiottedh milo in'twomin,. utt'S and sixteen seconds, about a dozen nogativoB woro -obtained, which plainly showed that for some portion of his stride, at lonst, the liorse was entirely free from contact with tho ground. Iudood, seeing that some trotting-horsos take n twonty-foot stiido, it is difficult to understand why the dispute over aroso. ,. (CONCLUDED.) w?#*' 