SIR VICWS CHOICE. . ? ♦- — - — By ANNIE THOMAS. Author of 'Tbeo Leigh,' 'Cross of Honor,' ?I-euuis Donne,' &c.; CHAPTER XXXt— {Continued.) The house T^as habitable, though all details of arrangement were nut completed,' in a few days after they commenced operations. They turned everything to account on which they laid their hands, as skilful ^tasteful women can. Angular hard-featured' old pieces of furniture lost some of their-^ngularity and harshness after passing a brief period under those small active hands of theirs. They replaced them gracefully^ and&you; wondered — at least Victor did— how it was that for lllli-lj UU^OC lUlUga JLiclU. lUVJA.^U UlUCUUa. -1.11^^ ?were in their element during -'this period of contriving; women delight in making the best of things in this way, and putting every- ' thing they touch in the most becoming light. There is more credit to her who evidences artistic taste and a reverence for the beau tiful in the disposal of things which indivi dually do not possess the latter quality, than to her who arranges exquisite' objects ex quisitely. If Charlie and Madge had been reduced to rushes on tlieir floors and oaken stools, they would have placed them prettily, and in such a way as would have attested that the spirit of a gentlewoman had pre sided over the disposition of those things. They covered rickety old deal dressing-tables that they found upstairs, with bright pink nnd blue cambric, the vividness of whose hue they then toned down with clouds of. clear muslin, frilled at the top. They draped old ; looking-glasses in more muslin at their bat- \ tcred old backs, and tied the fluted drapery ! down with pink -and blue ribbon. And though these latter arrangements were -le-. uounced by their papa as- 'disgusting vul garities,' they made the upper chambers of the naturally sombre old Gate House very bright and cheerful. The only extravagance in which they permitted themselves to in dulge was in having new carpets fox the two sitting-rooms. The dingy old ones they had beaten and darned and purified thoroughly in the sweet May air, and then they— the two white-handed Misses Cleeve— reorganised them for the bedrooms. Mrs. Lisle coming in to see how they were getting on was fain to confess to herself that— 'My Alice would never have done half as much.' When they had put the upper regions straight, they went down into the kitchen and aggrieved their servant by polishing up the dish covers, that had been suffered to become like lead, to their original brightness; and then further aggrieved her by declaring that divers pains and penalties should be inflicted upon her \f she did not keep them henceforth bright as they had made them now. And all this time— though he was with them daily, and indeed liourly— there was no mention made by Victor or to Victor of his wife. This is not stated as either a re prehensible or commendable fact, but simply as a fact, and an additional proof of the fa cility youth displays for forgetting. But when they were going down to the Gate House, not to return, Charlie drew Victor on one side, and said — 'Victor, will you come up with me while I say good-bye to Lady Cleeve ?' And when he said 'Yes,' with a flushed, agitated face, she added, 'And I shall say good-bye to you up there at the same time.' Lucille had expected them to go off with out making a sign. She had been prepared for it, and on the whole not ill-pleased at it. But still, in some inner recess of her heart, she did feel moved by this display of cour tesy ou Charlie's part. It might be hollow— } no matter — it was a recognition of her ex- ; isteuce as the wife, of Sir Victor Cleeve and ] the mistress of The Chase, and she felt grate- 1 fal for it. _ , -.. ; . . .. - : . - ! It was but a brief civility— it could not be other than brief, for Charlie had purposely deferred paying it until the carriage that was to take them down was at the door. VI have come to say good-bye,' she said, walking straight up to Lucille and holding ont her hand. 'Good-bye, Lady Cleeve!' 'Good-bye,' Lucille said, looking into Char lie's eyes almost sadly. 'You wouldn't be lieve me if I said I was sorry you were go ing. Good-bye!' 'Good-bye, Victor,' Charlie said, hurriedly withdrawing her hand from the wife and offering it to the husband. And then before ! he had time to speak, even if he could have j thought of anything to say that might ex- j press to her a tithe of the pain he felt, Char- ' lie had gone out from his presence away to i another home, and the same roof would shel- j ter them no more. He was very miserable, and he was not j clever at disguising this misery as he sat j there thinking over all that Charlie. had been, 1 sud all that she might have been to him. ; When they heard the sound of the carriage ^ wheels on the gravel, Lady Cleeve got' up and s watched it drive away over the bridge. She j kept her face turned to the window for a I long time, for he had never uttered one word I of reproach for the evil she had brought upon j him. And the sight of his mute misery was | a reproach now* and wounded and angered j her. j 'Will you take me for a drive, Victor,' she | said after a tune; 'I've kept in the house for J days, and I'm tired of it, and don't know ] where to walk if I go out alone.' \ 'Yes, if you like,' he said; and then she - went away to her dressing-room to prepare ! for the drive, and he to order the horses. j There were two postal deliveries in the day j at Baysford, and as Lucille passed along the j corridor to her own room, she met her maid ] bringing her a letter. It was from her mo- j ther, and It gave her the information that ; she, the writer, had lately seen Claude Ogil- j vie looking like his own ghost, and, further, j that she was coming to The Chase as soon i as her daughter sent her a 'remittance.' j 'More about Claude when I see you,' the j prudent Mrs. Mitehell wrote. 'What I have \ to say about him mustn't be on paper.' The j acute lady knew that her daughter mSgl\t re- j quire this incentive of hearing something j about Claude to induce her to speed her I mamma's visit by sending the remittance. ] 'Can he be sorry for my marrying another '? man after all?' she thought, as she went on with her preparations for the drive with her husband*. 'Oh! if I could only see him j again; if he'd only come here as he said he i would.' She had never heard of his i^iiess, and the embers of her pld: passion for him took fire, and blazed up again at the thought that Claude Ogilvie had been pining himself | into the semblance of a ghost on her ac- ; count. 'I wish I could see him again— I wish he'd come here,' she repeated, as she stood before the glass arranging her veil over the still beautiful face on which years and trials had i told fearfully, one saw, when the powder i and paint were off. 'Oh! Claude,' she sigh- j ed, 'if I hadn't been too old for you to go on loving, I should have been happier than with all I have now.' CHAPTER XXJCIL The female members of iie various fami lies round came down upon them to call before they were settled. It was almost ostentatious, this marked civility, it was paid so promptly. Apparently they delight ed in pointing the difference between the at tention paid to the Gate Hopse and the Inat tention displayed towards The Chase, or ra- j ther the mistress thereof. Xady Cleeve rarely passed through the village in-the soli tary splendor of- her well-horsed carriage, wfthout seeing a phaeton, ?ipi^^a.-dog'Cairt,; or a pony-chaise outside the pales and chains that separated the Gate House grass-plot from the street She always told herself that she didn't care, and that .these people wouldn't have suited her. But she gid care, though the latter part of her statement was i true enough. And whenever she could, without making the avoidance:marked'to her servants, she took.* her solitary drive out iii'' an opposite direction. ---... As the summer came on, and they settled, ?down , inore thoroughly in their new quarters, theirjtiouse' gained for itself —or' rather they gained for their house— a very pleasant name. The sports and pastimes, and the social observances of the best people, differ very slightly1 in divers counties. And so everyone who may chance to spend a great portion of the year in any part of the country will understand how surely one house in the neighborhood asserts its popularity, and quietly impresses upon people its right to be constantly recognised by a call. . 'Let us take Baysford and look in at the j Cleeves,' was a saying of diurnal occurrence when girls were about to start for their morning drive, or men and their sisters for an evening ride. The Gate Honse was such a pleasant place to look in upon during those luxuriously soft temperatured summer months. The big room that the girls had converted into a lobby became a regular haunt for the youth of both sexes for some miles around. They would get on! their S horses and tie them up to the chains, and utterly forget the obligation that was upon i them to keep these heated animals in motion j when once they got into the place that had ? been made bright by means of Indian mat- ', ting and trophies of past chases. Mr. Cleeve j sitting in elegant solitude sipping Hungarian j wine from The Chase cellars would be shock- j ed in many of his finer feelings by the sound ! of the 'eloop' the withdrawal o* the corks from the bottles of brightly-fizzing cider caused, with which his daughters and their ? guests would be refreshing themselves either ] in the lobby or back gardeii. This' latter was j a delightful place, with a couple of high j privet hedges in it that were rather purpose- j less as divisions, since the beds ou either side ! of it were of a precisely similar character, 1 but that were very nice to sit under, sipping j cider in the dying light of the hot summer j evenings. It was well stocked with those ! good old gooseberry and currant bushes ! whose growth was cultivated to the size of j a haystack, and on which the fruit attained j the proportion of peas. There were plenty I of vigorous pear and spreading apple trees j about it, and large flowering myrtles and i square beds of anemones. It was wanting j in the features of a modern garden of any I order; but those who came from afar to sit | in wicker chairs and drink sparkling cider never found itr wanting in any of the fea tures of a perfectly agreeable haunt. The Miss Cleeves had no riding horses now; ' that is to say. none that were reserved espe- j cially for their use, as the early days of their j residence at The Chase. Sir Victor would j have had it so still, but they refused, on the \ plea that they could not keep horses down at the Gate House, and that they would pre- - f er borrowing of him when they wanted to j ride. So the weedy .bay mare and the brown ; gelding of matchless trotting powers had been ! sold, - and nothing remained theirs in name j up at The Chase stables save the pony that ! Sir Victor had given to his guardian. Sir | Victor 'was quite inclined to keep up a stud j befitting his income; he had a habit of adding i to it lavishly whenever he saw a horse he j liked. And his cousins had no desire to be ] the cause of a couple more in his stables than ] he absolutely insisted upon. They felt that i he did not require the slightest incentive] from them to extravagance in horseflesh. j He had given up the plan of going into the i army. Madge, when she had heard of it, i had discountenanced it strongly. 'Men leave ; a regiment when they've made the faux pas j he has,' she said. 'Don't let him go into a j hive of bees, papa! — tell him that home ser- | vice, under such circumstances, will be worse ?? than his life here.' And Mr. Druminond j Cleeve told his ward what his daughter had j said. And his ward suffered the conviction i that it was so to sink into his soul. ! He was a very constant visitor at the Gate j House. He could not bear that they should ,: drift apart from one another; and soon,# in- i stead of feeling pain in it, he found that' liis j only pleasure in life was. in their society, j But he went to them in the morning; he was ; never to be seen in the coterie the Miss : Cleeves assembled about themselves in the j latter part of the day. j Madge had heard mention of Claude Ogil- j vie's name from the lips of Lady Cleeve once ? or twice during those hours of intercourse in | which Miss Cleeve had condescended to be ! affable enough to draw her ladyship out. j And the tone of that mention had shown hey ! — she was an aente observer— that Claude j had bppn more than the mere casual ncquain- j tance Lady Cleeve declared him to be. Her ? face kindled, therefore, one day when Sir] Victor told them that he'd had a letter from j the Baby— as they used to call a fellow of the name of Ogilvie that he had known at Alder- I shot— and that the said Baby was. coming to \ stay at The Chase in August. Hope had al- j most died out in Miss Cleeve's heart, but she ! rekindled its torch now. SomethiDg might ? eventuate from this visit of one whom she j felt persuaded hnd been an old lover of . Ln- j cille's^ which might lead to a separation be- i tween the baronet and his wife. 'And put- j ting myself out of the question,' she thought ] —a thing she never did, b.r-the-bye-^'aiiy 1 means that would bring about so desirable j an end ought to be gladly welcomed by his ; friends.' ,. I In fact. I, who am pulling the string of this j P«PPet, need not affect to doubt the meaning \ I have put into her mind. She desired no- j thing: loss th«-D that Lady Cleeve should \ levant — for the ?rood of her lord. ] Mrs. Mitchell had come and adapted. her- self to a very fair-sized niche in The Chase. ! Eepcrts came down to the. village, through the usual medium, of royal rows between the mother and daughter. Hard words were bandied freely between them, it was said, and an opinion got abroad, that Mrs. Mitchell held a rod of some sort over. her daughter's hepd, by which means she maintained her ; position at The Chase. Sir Victor never volunteered any information respecting his j liome-l»f« to his cousins. 'Your mother-in- \ law is with you at The Chase, I hear!' Madge ] said to him with soft sympathy one day.. And j he replied, 'Yes, she's there!' in a tone that i showed that he would rather not. be fcjftly. j sympathised with about her. - . j Mrs. Mitchell was a. fine sight to look upon, j if you were not related to or connected with j her in any way. She went for drives in an j open carriage with her daughter, in raiment j of many colors and the broaidest smiles.. She j attended divine service in 'bonnets that did | away vith thoughts of devotion, not alone in ! the hearts of Hie Sunday-school children.. b..ut j also 5n that of Mrs. Lisle. 'They are audaei- 1 ©us, my dear,' she said to Miss Cleeve, 'that ] woman your cousiu%has married and her ; mother. I try not to see things that disturb j me when I am in His house, but those tear j thers are— well, too much!' . .. j Mrs. Lisle had striven hard to make a stand { against paying those monthly calls to which ! her husband had limited her intercourse with j 'The Chase when Lady Cleew. was there i alone to receive her. To a Ma'gdalen in rags J in the gutter Mrs. Lisle would have t-een most - exaltedly gracious and merciful; but she had I no faith in repentance in richer robes than j she herself could attain unto. While Lady 1 Cleeve wore such: feathers, and attiired her- j self in 'silks that would stand alone/'. Mrs. 1 Lisle could not meekly tolerate Bi£ idea of j siibjecfing her own honiespun . gai-menis to.j the deiSling atmosphere of Lucille's ungodly, presence. ' \ i But Sir, Lisle was inflexible, 'I eM on j my parishioners pnee in every month,' he!j said, '-and Lady Cleeve is one of my parish- j ioners— therefore I shall call npon her,' \ ' (To be continued.) . : ???? : '' ? i ? ,-. : ?.:'-'?'?:_?- j Caution in all undertakings is advisable, but I more particularly in . matters 'which affect the ] health, you. cannot afford to trifle with it, be- j cause, once lost,, it may never be regained. Avoid j violent remedies', and when you only feel a trifle ; *'oiit of sorts/' depend upon it that a few doses o£ \ Minerva Tonic will soon pull you round.-M); 