YAMTAS YAMTATIS. I She was standing at the gale leading I into tho big field, her arms crossed I on the topmost bar, her chin resting on I the interlaced hands, and her eyes I roaming over the flat expanse of rich I onons planes of distance, nntil it met I the purple line of bog which again I faded into the dim bine outline of the I Dublin mountains, lying cloud-like on I the horizon line. I It was five o'clock, and the thick I white evening mist was already ritiog I from the rich pasture-land on which the I son had been shining all day. The I cows, making their way slowly to the | milking- shede, waded knee-deep through I the ghostly sea of steamy foe, snatching I last morsels of the sweet aftergrass as I they went, aud inoo-ing indignant pro-' I tests as Billy, the herd's buy, hurried I tbeir lagging steps with shoute inter- I spersed with adjurations of an uncom- I plimeutary nature to the more dilatory. I It was a pastoral scene, not wanting | In a beauty of its own, bat Livinia I Farrell as she leaned over the gate | could not be said to add' another to its I many picturesque details Laviuia was I not built on the lines of a heroine. She I was gaunt-figured and heavy-featured, with pale freckled complexion, hair of ao undeterminate straw coloar, which even with St. Panl'a authority it would be stretching a point to call 'a glory and the eyes which now gazed vacantly at the approaching cattle, though good in size and shape, were wanting in depth of colour and expression. At the same time she possessed the undoubted charm of being suited to her surround ings, and in an Irish midland county, In a society of agricnltnriBts, whose thoughts and conversation vibrated with tike soothing monotony of an eight-day clock, from the hunting prospects io . winter to the ravages of foot-and-mouth disease in summer, Lavioia, in her short- waisted, badly-cut coat, and with her appreciation of the good points of a ' beast, was eminently in correspondence with her environment. She roused herself at last, thrust her large bony hands deep down into the pockets of her jacket, and with a sigh turned from the steamy pasture-land, and strolled np the narrow gravel .drive leading to ber home. It did not enter into Lavinia's philosophy to ask herself why she indulged in such an nnaccns- tomed expression of emotion. It has already been said that she was not bnilt on the correct lioes of a heroine. Doubtless had she been so she would have dissected that sigh with accuracy labelling its first aud secondary causes with the neatness of the aualytical chemist, and wonld have stored away the specimens in the shelves of her. memory nntil a recurrence of the phenomenon should make it ad visable to take them down for the purpose of comparison and readjustment. Bat the pleasure of such scientific self- criticism was denied to Livinia. Her life had hitherto been so anifnrmly even and dull that a disturbing element, when it made -itself felt, was bo novel as to be incomprehensible, and far beyond her slow bovine mind to classify. As it was she was bnt vaguely conscious of its presence, and Its only outward expression was the sigh already chronicled and a half- formulated wish that she could manage to get boot which did not al ways wrinkle across the toes. This thonght was uppermost as she scraped the thick pasty field mud off them on the iron scraper, slowly mounted the few steps leading to the ball -door, and paused fur a moment in the little hall to make a mental calculation of bow soon she coold afford herself a new pair. 'Nut till I sell the calf, anyway,' she concluded, as she opened the dining- room door. Afternoon tea at the Farrells' was not one of those delightful informal meals generally understood by the name. It was, as everything connected with Mrs. Farrell seemed involuntarily to become, heavy, solid, satisfying. The large round mahogany table, covered by an ordinary dining-room damask cloth, was laid as for breakfast, with places for each mem ber of the family, and the only conces sion to modern frivolity was a plate of mixed biscuits with sugared tups, blush ing pink at their own worldliuess as they contrasted themeelves with the staid respectability of the cottage-loaf which occupied the centre of the table. As Lavinia entered her mother motioned ber silently to her place, but ber two sisters were not so reticent. Rebecca-Mary stopped in the act of helping herself to aparticularlyattractive biscuit to whisper something to Miua, reducing them bath to such a helpless state of giggles that Lavinia's father, who with his paper propped up before him, was reading the news between gulpB of hot tea and mouthfuls of bread and butter, looked op over his spectacles to inquire what the good joke was. 'Ob, nothing particular,' tittered Rebecca-Mary. ' We were only wonder ing what was the attraction kept Lavinia oat eo late this cold evening.' 'I was down at the gate watching the cows being driven in,' said Lavinia shortly. Her slow mind vegnely realis ing that the'girls1 were holding her np to some kind of ridicule, but ehe failed to see the exact drift of the remark. ' Dear me !' exclaimed Mina, "with a touch of sub-acid in her tone. 1 1 sup pose, now, yon were looking for a good subject for a photo. Tie a great pity the Barrys drove away eo early, or maybe they might have been of great assistance to you.' -George Farrell had relapsed into his newspaper, bat the mention of the Barrys' name . brought him np to the snrface again. 'What's that ebont the Birrys !' he said, in his comfortable Slow rolling brogue. Well now, they may bethank- ful I happened tobe down.at .the gate this morning.- They onght to have had more sense than to be driving a flighty young bit of a mare with the threshing- machine always at work not . more than a few perch from. Jhe roadside in one field or another. I declare to goodness I thonght both of them wcroldhe sent to glory, andMiss Birry may think her- self mighty lucky to have oothing w'pree than a sprained wrist -and a broken shaft tocomplainol' - ,v ' Then, indeed jGebrge,'- said ilia wife, brusbingeome rtofoomher«u0ansive lop to a more pndhitomit5vep6sltibn nnder : : -.-"J the table, ' I wasn't a bit too weil pleased to see yon bringing them, np the avenae, and I with my old cap on, and the sitting-room all of a litter with the dress Mina was catting oat. It was ail I could do to get everything poshed away in time before you brongbt them in on top of me — and then to get Lily oil and bandages, and to have the docks cooked for lnncheon, when I was counting on them for Snnday'e dinner, and all for the Barrys, who never come to call more than ones in a blue moon I I was just mad with you.' ' Well, I coold hardly leave them there sitting by the roid-side while the trap was being patched,' hegan George Farrell in self-defence, when Mina hroke in: ' I don't know at all why the Barrys shonld give themselves such airs, I'm sure. Now to-day Miss Barry bad on a dowdy old tweed dress, and whet I re member well seeing on her in cbnrch a year ago, only she has had the trimmings altered ; and as for Captain Barry, I see nothing to admire in him, for all he's an officer. Not half so pleasant as Cap tain Fagan ! D'ye remember, Rebecca- Mary, the awful fun we had with him the last time the Militia was out f Ah, indeed, I do, Miua'j't'ut Tio wonder you didn't find Captain. Barry very entertaining, and for the matter of that neither did I, when .he'd talk of nothing but photographs from the mo ment he laid eyes on Lavinia's camera over in the corner,' said Rebecca-Maty with a toss of her head. ' But I let him see what I thonght of him nicely. ' Are you a photographer, Miss Farrell Y he says to me. 'No, indeed, Captain. Barry,' I said quite sharp back ; 1 wouldn't be bothered photographing — I'd rather be flirting.' Rebecca-Mary bridled as she recalled her promptness of repartee. ' He didn't say much to me after that, I can tell you ; but I daresay now, Lavinia fonnd him pleasant enough !' A dull red flush crept over Lavinia's face at this sally, mounting np to the roots of her straw-coloured hair, As a rule, she had no objection, in fact looked npon it as a matter of course, that she should be made the butt of her sisters' witticisms — it amused them, and had no effect on ber. Bat in some mysterious way this shaft fouod its way home, stinging her with a consciousness of its partial trnth, and produciug an un wonted sense of discomfort and annoy ance. She made a desperate effort to change the conversation, aud turned to her father. \- ' The Herefordshire calf's improving greatly, father ; Peter says she'll fetch a good price at the November fair, if I sell her there.' But Rebecca-Mary was not to be baulked. 'Just listen to her,' she said with a little scream of laughter, ' listen to her pretending that it's calves ehe was thinking about when she wsb moaning below at the gate. Well, to think I should ever see Lavinia io love 1 and with Captrin Barry, too ! Did yon ever hear such a thing f Lavinia cast about in her mind for a retortwherewith toBileuce her tormentor, bat her powers of repartee were -not equal to the occasion, and there is no knowing how much longer she would . have had to endure Rebecca- Mary's airy badinage had not her father come unex pectedly to the rescue. ' Ah, give over teasing Lavinia,' he said, as he passed his cup np the table to be replenished ; ' if yon're jealous of her, you might have more eense than show it. Anyhow, my head's addled I with the nonsense you talk, aod I'll be j thankful to you if you'll stop clacking ; and let me read my paper in peace.' I No one would have been more aston ) ished than Cuthbert Barry at the in nuendoes conveyed in the foregoing conversation, could he have heard them. He was eminently an easy-going good- natured man, possessing, to a degree which ' was almost a misfortane, the wish to be agreeable and the power of making himself eo. When therefore fate, assisted by a threshing machine, had unexpectedly thrown him into the Farrell's company, he had instinctively exerted himself to overcome the difficulty of the situation, and bad osed his charm of manner to snch good purpose and with such apparent ingenuousness that ' no one, excepting himself realised that his interest in Lavinia's photographic successes and failures were only simulated for the sake of making a maucais puart etheure pass pleasantly. The photo graphs had been to him as a life-belt to a drowning man ; he had clutched at them ae a means of escape from the over powering directness of .Rebecca-Mary's style of arch conversation; and odc9 the strain of circumstances was relieved Lavinia and her artistic efforts faded away from his memory, and formed themselves into hazy background . to the more amoring details of the "Farrells' luncheon- party.. He was scarcely to blame if hie deferential, reepectfnl manner and his skillfully chosen worde of appreciation had roused in Lavioia a dim aud unwonted feeling of self- respect,' mingled with gratitude which the subsequent jests of her sisters quickened into life and definiteoess, giving her glimpses of possibilities which had never entered into the raogo of her mental vision. ' These might . have passed away ae lightly as they bad come, only, that Lkvinla'a ill-fortune once more "threw Cuthbert io her way. He was riding home' after an early morning'ecab-huntiag, whistling ".softly 1 to himself, sad eyeing with keen artistic pleasure the fiery autumn tints of "the beeches- mingling with the delicate yellow of the lime-trees, whose branches seemed hung with golden guineas drop ping at each breath of the morning air noiselessly to the ground. Suddenly the peacefulness of the scene ,wae jarred by the growling and yapping of two dogs evidently "engaged in mortal "combat. Cuthbert's artistic reverie. was shattered, and as he Tonnded a tarn in the lane, he cam"edpoh>foxmer.anda'red-haired dqg of nanceijbain pedigree Tolling in the heaps of yrilow leaves and" Apparently bention mutual destruction. ' , ,&>wermg np. against. the hedg with" her fiqgerali Mina Farrell; while ; Lavinia was " making gall ant bnt .ineffectnal attempts to Seize oaeoHhe "dogshy the' tail. "Cuthbert took In -.the jfitnation BtfBvnce, . and jumping down i from ills horse, struck the dog- which- first - came : uppermost over the ribs with' Ms fa tinting crop, hud at the samB time caught the fox-terrier combatants apart. A Becond blow of the crop sent the red-haired dog yelping off through a convenient gap iu the hedge, and Lavinia then bad time to recognise and tbank'biui for hia_ assist ance. Rebecca-Mary too came forward from her place of safety aud over-whelmed him with voluble gratitude. Tis very kind of you indeed. Captain Barry, to come to our help P Indeed I'm always telling Lavinia that she shouldn't bring Jack ant for walks, without we have a gentleman with ub, for as sure as we meet another dog, Jack is certain to fight him ; end I assure you, I'm half-dead with fright this minote, Cap tain Barry.' Cuthbert smiled vaguely in answer, and looked at Lavinia, who was wiping away some drops of blood from her wrist. I hope you're not bitten, Mis Far rell V he asked with snddeo interest, ' I was afraid you would be when I saw you trying to cateh that cur by the tail' Ob! it's nothing,' said Lavinia hurriedly and colouring scarlet ! ' only a little bit of a scratch.' But, ezense me, you onght to be careful even of a scratch where a dog is coDceroed,' Cuthbert said. 1 May I see it I' taking her hand as he spoke, and looking at it closely. ' Ah ! I am glad to see it is not much, but if I were you, I shonld wash it. at once, just as a preventative, yon known — it's better to be sure than sorry.' \- Lavinia thought her hand never look ed eo red and bony as it did as it lay in his. She was glad when he let it go agaia and turned to moant his horse. Good-bye,' he eaid, ae he gathered np his reins, or, rather au revoir ! I shall Bee you it oar dance on Wednes day, shall I not Y The question was addressed to Lavinia, and he noticed a look of con fusion on her face as her answered, in ber abrupt, short way : ' I'm not going ; the girls and my mother are.' Not coming f Why not f Dou't yon care about danciug V It's not that,' said Lavinia.; ' but they thought — thought — you would not care to have so many of u&' 1 Not care P repeated Cuthbert, bend ing down towards her over hie horse's neck, and mentally praying for forgive ness for the falsehood. ' Why, we should be very much disappointed if you didn't all come ; the more the merrier. I hope you will think better of it, and change your mind.' The very insincerity of this eppeal made him throw an unnecessary earnest- uess into his voice. Lavinia, however, detected do false ring. A quick flood of colour rushed to her cheekB. » ' I should like to go,' ehe eaid, not venturing to meet bis eyes. Very well, that's settled,' he said lightly. ' Remember, I shall expect to see you on Wednesday night. Good-bye again.' He lifted his hat, and in a few mo ments was ont of sight. ' Well ! upon my word, Lavinia,' exclaimed Rebecca-Mary, ' you might- have had more sense than to say what yon did !' Why, what else could I say P retorted Lavinia. ' What else could he say, yon mean,' answered her sister ; , the way yoo put 1 it, he was bound to ask you to go. And what are you going to do for a dress, I should like to know You'd disgrace us all if yon weot in yoor old rag of a pink thing.' Never you mind,' said Lavinia rongbly. F11 have a dress, never yon fear P The night of the Barry's ball, Lavinia stood io her room, looking down at her self in woudermeot. Her small looking- glass was not large enough to reflect the whole of her glory at a time, bnt she had overcome this difficulty by looking at herself io detachments ; Bitting down first of all to admire the fringe which she had with great trooble curled over her forehead ; then risiog to her feet so as to folly see -the beaotles of her white satin bodice ; and lastly standing npon a chair to get the effect of her crisp little skirts, at the imminent risk of be- | ing set on fire by tbe two caodles which 1 least a flickering, inadequate light on the dressing-table." Lavinia hardly recog nised herself intbesefragmentary visions of splendour, and only that the certainty of hsr own identity was brought home to her by tbe tightness of her new satin shoes, wonld have been inclined to ex claimed with the old woman of nursery rhyme celebrity : ' O dear a mercy, this is none o' I !' Bat there was no time to waste on metaphysical speculations of the kind. She cunld hear Mina and Rebecca-Mary castling down stairs and cilliog to Biddy for tbeir cloaks and wraps. She unlocked tbe little mahogany box, to take out the garnet brooch which was her one and only piece of jewelry. Bnt there was a folded slip of paper in the box as well, and as ehe picked - op .the brooch, her eyes fell upon it," not without a momen tary pang of of regret. In epite of her baste ehe took it out and unfolded it. It was a very ordinary document. Merely a receipt io the usnal store keeper's hieroglyphs from Peter Robin- bod, Oxford Street; London: 'To one ball costume,' £6 6V But to Lavinia it meant a great deal. -It represented; many eearchings- of heart on her own part, many wordy battles with Peter. Groivney the herd, who with tears io his eyes bad besought her not to lose a cer tain two "panada at the very least by Bslling the Herefordshire calf before the November fair. : But Lavinia, with the .glamour of Cathbert Barry's manner still over her, had been reckless. She 'could not go to thn ball without a new dresej a dress worthy of occasion, - and that dress caidld only bB obtained ;at the sacrifice of the calf ; so prudence and Peter : Growney'e councils were cast to the winds, and the whole of Lavinia's capital, was oow.represented ny that re-, ceipfod bill aod the evanescent glory of her ball-dress. - ! , Livinia nnfolded , ituud . replaced its ioiheliox with sigh from ti>B practical, : and 'a bfosh from the -romantic aide of. te'r nature. .. ' ' 'V;!' . U'taoomuig,' shecallea in answer to" hall; and 'wreppinjga whitknitted shawl round bershouli f My grip»i8;-jLavtnial what a swell ypnare,' ezclum€d-Mina,epvioqaly «oh-" raqfis that her owncumehsdalready; 'bfainie the brnht 'ofiwo Mi iltiafaallB, and was not in its premiere jeunase. ' Take off yoor shawl now, and let o8 have a look at the body.' ' Ab ! what's the nse, girls,' expostu lated Mrs. Farrell ; 'ears you'd see k well enough when we get there, and Kiernaii's car's been at the door this half-hour already. We'll be most awfally late as it is.' ' Goodness mamma ! we're not asked till ten, and it's only a quarter after nine now,' said Miua. ' Bat it will take as a good hoar to drive there, and I wouldn't for anything offend Lady Barry by being uopnuctual,' replied Mrs. Farrell, putting a stop to ail further argument by girding up the skirts of ber crimsoa velveteen to a height more practical than becoming, and leading the way down the steps to where Kiernan'a car was patiently awaiting them. Kiernan'a car was the only covered vehicle which could be hired for many miles round. It was of a specisB which though still flourishing in the eonthern, has almost disappeared from the mid land counties of Ireland. Tbe particu lar one owned by Mr. Kieruau, and hired this evening by the Farrells,.wae an exceptional survival, but could hardly be called the survival of the fittest. Io appearance it reBembled a cut-down prison or penitentiary van on two wheels. The door at the back by which inteoding passengers entered was pro vided with a small window, the only means of ventilation, unless we take into account some large cracks in the front windows, which had been tem porarily and inefficiently mended with a couple of Bass A Co. 'a adhesive beer labels. The floor was thickly strewn with straw, the damp musty smell of which mingled in a friendly aod confiding way with that of stale tobacco, a reminiscence of tbe last funeral or wedding-party at which the car had been- employed. . It was a tight fit for the four ladies, but they were at last packed in, and tho door ehot upon them by George Farrell, who breathed a prayer of tbauk- fulessnessthat the absolute impossibility of the vehicle containing another person saved him from the drive of six miles and tbe subsequent festivitives. It cannot be said that Lavinia enjoyed the drive. It was her first ball, and her ideas on the etiquette required ou snch an occasion were vagne in the extreme. She had time during tbe hour of sway ing aud jolting over ratty roads to pass through many stages of nervousness, end as Kierman's car drew np at the Barry's door she had reached the poiot of wishing that ehe might go home, or at any rate be left in the eeclnsioD of the car nntil the moment came for guests to depart Something of this feeling she ventured to express to Rebecca- Mary, next whom she was sitting ; bnt the idea was received with a scornful scream of laughter, ' Go home 1 and yon invited specially by Captain Barry ! and your brand new dress and all 1 Don't be a foul ' Lavinia ! Anyhow, you're next tbe door and yon mast just get out, and let as go into the honse, whatever yon mean to yourself afterwards.' Ltvinia obeyed meekly, aod followed her more courageous eister to the ladies' dressiDg-room, which with its long pier glass, and two attendants in frilled aprons oppressed her with an over whelming sense of inferiority, and in congruity with ber sarronndiags. A tall girl ia a yellow dress, with rippled hair, the coloar of a ripe chest-, oat, aod a supple graceful figure, moved away from the glass as the Farrells entered, and escorted by a portly grey- haired mother, whose black velvet bodice twinkled with diamond brooches, fluttered from the room. Lavinia followed her with admiring eyes, and then turned t > tbe glass. Was it the contrast of her own solid proportions with those of the girl last reflected by it, or was the glass one of those malevolent mirrors which act the part of the too candid friend, telling nothing but unpleasant troths % Lavioia coold not put it int > words, but certainly her heart within ber cried ' Ichabod !' The glory was departed from the costume which she had so lately looked at in her own room with pride and satisfaction. Kiernau's car bad done much to rob ber skirts of their crispnesa. Her waist looked clumsy, aod her arms aod neck glowed scarlet, io contrast to the shining white satin bodice. Her carefully curled fringe had suffered from the night air, and had become rebelliously straight here and there ; and the white gloves into which her hands had with difficulty been throat, had burst their upper bnttoas and showed an alarming ten dency to do likewise across the knuckles. Now, Lavinia, if you're quite done admiring yuur grandeur, I'll trouble you to let me seo how my dress looks after the squashing you save it comiog along in the e«r.' Rebecca-Mary's sharp voice woke Lavinia from the painful trance into which she had fallen, and she moved i aside to make rouui for her sister, who with none of Ltvinia'e sense of failnre, shook out her pink skirts, polled out the crashed lace on ber bodice and piuned her- bunch of flowers in more securely. . .After the dreadfnl ordeal of shaking hands with her hostess was over, Lavinia followed her mother np tbe ball-room, as closely as tbe long train of tbe crim son velveteen wpuld allow her, and when at lastMrs. .Farrell came to a convenieut anchorage in an armchair, Lavioia stood, beside her leaning against the wall, and feeling ae tbongh she had suddenly be come possessed of more arms and bands than she knew what to do with. The violin and doable bass were tun ing up with groans and rasping scrawks, and .the pianist was doing hie best to prevent them from arriving at any sort of unanimity by playing a series of brilliant running passages and arpeggios, either to exercise hie fingers preparatory to bis uight'e worfejCr tu impress snch of thegnesfo'as had arrived with aaense of bis absolute command of his instrument. There were not as yet many" people in the rpojn, and the tew there were, were uot amoog Lavima'S; acquaioUncra, so that she was able to' take in'and wtanre ina, bewildered way. the lights und the profusion of Rowers; and to wonder how anyone was going fo danra eSfely cn a flqprpbluhjjfoanchBreetbat even to welkAcross ltwas adifficulty. \ " As her?rraiaefoa jntfinfl."!! fell on a gronp ataforther cnl of the room." tiloss' to anbnMrway'-flreped:%itfa h»iy ortaereBdfood the ; -girl Lavinia hitaotioBd .ih>h"e dressing-room, .and beside her, looking down at ber, pro gramme in hand, was Cathbert Barry. Something she said amused him, for he laoghed, and beckoued to his sister, who, with a little anxious packer between ber eyebrows, was trying to find . some thing pleasant to say to tbeover-ponctual guests who were scattered here and there on tbe sofas and chairs ranged round the sides of the room. - Miss Barry moved over to her brother, and laid ber hand on his arm, and Lavinia saw him cast a hasty glance across tbe room and shake his head. At this moment the double base and violin suddenly ceased from troubling, and the piano was for an instant at rest, audio the comparative stillness Lavioia thought she heard Miss Barry say iu a rather annoyed voice - ' Wei), as you wou'r, I soppose I must' She saw Cathbert ehrng his shoulders, and return to his interrupted conver sation, while his sister sailed across the open space of polished flour and stopped beside Mrs. Fatnll'e arm-chair. 'So glad to see yon,' she said, with polite empreBement ; ' you are very courageous people to face the long drive. Have yon had any tea, Mrs. . Farrell t Oar gentleman are all very fashionably late, bat if you will allow me to escort you, I shall be delighted to get yo.n : soma' Ob, dou't trouble yourself, Miss Barry,' responded Mrs. Farrell, her face expanding into a capacious smile. ' I dou't want anything to drink yet awhile — we're only jnst after onrtea ourselves.' Miss Barry swallowed with difficulty her inclination to langb. ' Quite sure Y she questioned ; ' it wonld be no trouble, I assure yon. Well, then I must go and tell the hand to be gin. It is quite time to etart the real bneioese of the evening, don't you think so 1' and with a friendly nod, Bhe moved off. She Boon returned, however, bear ing in her wake her acbool-boy brother Bob, whomshe bad ruthlessly reft from a coign of vantage behind the double- bass, where be bad ensconced himself, hoping thus to escape his sister's eye and commands to dnty. Miss Farrell,' she said, stopping opposite Lavinia, ' may I introduce my brother.' Lavinia's face assumed a brighter shade of scarlet, and she half put ont her hand, aud then hastily withdrew it, as Bob showed no sigos of wishing to take it, but bowed stiffly and muttered something about 'the pleasure of a dance,' and taking Lavinia's silence for consent, continued : 'May I have namber ten, if yon have it to spare ?' then, hardly waiting to hear her answer, turoed on his heel, aud fled precipitately. The room was gradually filling, and Rebeccs-Mary aod Miua, who at first bad gazed rather blaukiy at unknown faces, aod bad made mental calculations of a depressing nature as to their chances of partners, brightened visibly, as among tbe later arrivals tbey espied several former swaius of Militia Ball memory, whom they looked npon as a sore and certain prey. Nor were they mistaken, and Lavinia was glad to see them boroe off by their faithful cavaliers, as she was thereby enabled to sink into a seat be side ber mother, where sbe felt more comfortably uuconspicuoas than when standing. The danceB went on, and Lavinia's head grew dizzy as couple after conple swept by her, displaying their steps in every variety of style ; for a couutry ball brings to the surface all sorts and conditions of steps, descending from the smooth modern glide, through various .compromises to the plaio unvarnished energy of the denxtemps. Bnt Lavioia was not critical. She did not possess even tbe small amonnt of knowledge necessary to being so, and she was only tilled with dazzled amazement; nnder which lurked a half formed wish that Captain Barry wonld speak to her. , Unconscioaely, she singled him out of the revolving crowd, and watched him as he moved ronod in slow rhythmical circles, his partner's dress often brushing her foot as she passed. Bat it was not till after the seventh or eighth dance that her wish was realised. The rnnsic had ceased temporarily, and Cathbert was filing oat of the room with the rest of the crowd, his partoer, the girl in yellow, on hie arm, when a block in the doorway brought him to a stand-still exactly in front of the Farrells. He rose to the emergency, and after greet ing Mrs. Farrell, he tamed to Lavinia. I am eo glad yon changed yonr miad and came after all, Mies Farrell,' he said. 'Can you give me a dance 1 number ten )' ' I'm eorry, I'm engaged for that one, Captain Barry,' said Lavinia stammer- ingly. ' Rea'ly, that is too bad ! .I'm afraid I'm booked right through, except for that- one— it serves me right though for coming s i late. I hope 1 may have better luck-auoth>-r time.' Then turniug to bis partner : ' I think we shall be able to force a passage - now— shall we try I' Mrs. Farrell looked after their retreat ing figurea. 'Well, I suppose I'm notup to grand society ways, but 'pon me word, in my day balls were more lively things than this. You wouldn't see well-dressed girls like yoo, Lavinia, sitting stuck up against the wall all night long, with no one to ask them to dance.' 'Sure I don't know anyone here,', said Lavinia humbly. . ' Well, that's true,' assented Mrs. Farrell, nodding her head. ' And I'm told introducing is all out of fashion. It'e a que;r thing,' she coDtioned, with a pride chastened by the extreme dnloess of ber high position, ' it's a queer thing, but 1 don't see a eoul I know to apeak to, and mighty few I knpw'even by sight. I wonder . now where's Rebecca-Mary and Mina f 'They're with the officers. I saw them go out through that door a while ago,' said Lavinia.cboking down ayawo. Ah, well, leave them so,' ejaculated Mrs. Farrell, with a placid smile of motherly Satisfaction which changed to a look of lively interest .when die per ceived that after a few moments' con sultation with Mi 88. Barry the pianist hung out 'the' announcement First 1 Sapper .Extra' over the corner. of the piano and struck up a . noisy polka.-: When some little time later Onthbert Barry Icame and bore her off tothe sap per room, the ..culminating pointcf her satisfaction was reached, and:in her elation she gave but little -thonght to Livinia left stiraiided aad atone."'! . ". 'it iiad bgsn . bad enoqgfa- fprljavifaia before, but now tbat sbe was deserted I by her mother she gathered all her cour age together, and as the music ended she stood up, and mingling with the throng of dancers, passed unnoticed out of the ball-room into the cool ball filled with the scent of datura and cytisus which came iu great wafts of perfome through the open glass doom of tbe con servatory at tbe for end. Lavinia's head ache from the heat and glare of : he ball-room, aad the cool ness and semi-darkness of the dimly- lighted conservatory offered just the haven of rest she was longing for. She slipped quietly in, and walking to Lfae for end, fonnd two at tf ally-disposed bisket chairs nnder the shadows of palms and some till tree ferns. She sank into one of them with a little groan of fatigue, and throwing back her head among the cushions closed her hot eyelids. Several conples, latent an securing a quiet corner, seeing tbe glim mer of her white dress, retired hastily with some irritation at having been fore stalled, but Lavinia neither heard nor saw them. She was conscious of no thing except the relief of a momentary escipe from the dazzle of the lights, the din of the dance music, and the never- ending gyrations of tbe dancers. Every now and then she caught a distant note, but it did not interfere with the eooth- ing splash of the little fountain in the centre of the conservatory and the rustle of tho wind in the trees ontside. She conld uot have told bow loug ehe had been there lying with closed eyes, when the stillness was broken by two voices, ooe of which strode her with a sudden -spasm of -recognition. She could hear the creak of the basket chairs at tbe other side of a leafy screen of creepers and large tropical plants as the new-comsrs seated themselves. Then Cathbert Barry's voice : ' Well, no one can say I haven't done my dnty like a man, he began. I've seen that old lady through a sapper which, if it doesn't kill her, onght to last ber the rest of her natural life. My word, how she did put away the lobster salad !' ' Which particular old lady I' asked a girl's voice, with a little laugh. 1 That woman in red velvet with the enormous mosaic brooch. Still, after all, my task was a light nue compared with what is before poor Bob. He baB to danco with the daughter, that girl I asked for number ten.' ' Ab, to be snre ! I remember at the time thinking you looked rather relieved wbeo she said she was engaged.' ' Oh ! I had carefally prepared my escape, I can tell yoo. I knew she was engaged to Bob for that daocs. ' It was rather a cheap civility tfaeo.' There was a certain tone of reproof in the girl's voice. ' Don't be severe on me,' apologised Cathbert, and Lavinia, listening now with painful interest, could easily picture to herself the look tbat accompanied the words. Really, they are quite im- possible people. They did as a good turn the o'her day when Moll and I came to grief in tbe trap near tbeir house, and we asked them here as a return civility. I have danced with one of the girls, and have taken the old mother down to anpper, bnt really you could see for yourself tbat that girl Why, it would want Hercnles himself to drag her round i' 1 Ah, poor thing !' There was a note of genuine sympathy which went straight to Lavinia's heart. ' Do yon know I think "impossible people" as yon call them, always attract me in a curious sort of WBy. Several times this evening as I looked across the room and saw that pour plain girl sitting out dauce after dauce and not opening her lips even to her mother, I wished I were a" man that I might go and ask her for a daoce. Probably she has been looking forward to this bail with the greatest delight ever since she got the invitation, and unless she is differently made from any other girl, it most have been one vast disappoint.' ' I never thonght of it in that light,' said Cuthtert, humbly. ' But I say, look here, Helen, I didn't bring you here to talk of the Farrells ; there was some thing qnite different I wanted to tell yon.' He hesitated and cleared his throat nervously, and there was a shakiness in his voice as he went on : ' Yon are snch a good hand at lecturing me, won't yon take me in hand altoget her i Don't say " No " before yon hear me out,' he went on hurriedly, as though fearing to be interrupted. ' Ever sines I was qcite a little chap ' But here Livinis's slumbering sense of honour suddenly awoke to the fact that she was liateniog to a conversation she had no right to hear, and staffing her fingers into her eats, she buried her face in her knees. It was long before she ventured to stir. When at last she raised her head, there was uo sound in the conservatory bat the never-tiring splash of the foun tain. Her bead throbbed painfully, and it was with difficulty she kept tbe tears from starting to her eyes, for the few sympathetic words which the un seen girl had spoken, had shown her the pathos of her own position more clearly than she could have imagined it for her self. - Sbe rose stiffly from her seat, and mechanically fonnd her way back into the hail. It was now deserted ; a cotil- : Ion was going on in the dancing-room, and even those who were not actually dancing were looking on. Except that she found herself a seat and remained there until discovered later on by her mother and sisters; she could remember nothing - distinctly of the rest of the evening. It was a confused blnr of music and moving figures with whom ehe eeemed to have no connection. Her slow mind had gone through a series of emotions; whose very nnnsnalncfs was confusing. To attempt to disentangle them was not within the scope of ber mental powers, and she was too humble by nature; and her long conrse of home-, snubbing, to feel anger against anyone. There was nothing left her .bnt the dull "copscionBuess. that ehe had been a fool. Peter Growney bad told her as much when hie had brought her the price of tbe Herefordshire calf, and deed,'" thought poor Lavinia, ' he eaid -bo -more ; than .the troth.' J ' \- This was the depressing 'motif' which rang ifa dianges through heir " tired i brain as she" leaned hack in the corner of Kieruan's car on the way home and wajebed with a sort of dull, farination , tjje "bfoatheredahd -qpangled cap, "which . Farrell'e costume, assuming little by little a rakish slew over ooe ear as Mrs. Frrrell nodded in Btertorons slumber to the swaying of the vehicle, and finally freeing itself from the last restraining hair-pin, leaping like Marcus Curtius into tbe black abysses below. It bad not occurred to Biddy to tidy the bedrooms at such an abnormal hour as oine o'clock in the evening, so that when Lavinia entered hers, there was still a general litter of her preparations for the bail lying about ; her day dress banging over the back of a chair where she had flung it in her haste and excite ment, the packet of hairpins open on the table, and the little mahogany jewei-box as ehe bad left it, with the corner of Peter Robinson's receipt peeping ont at one side. The chilly grey morning light was forcing its way through the cracks of the shatters making everything iu the room look wan aud melancholy. Lavi nia, ae she put her flickering candle down on ber dressing-table, looked ronnd her and shuddered. Eveu to her unimaginative mind the room was haunted by the ghost of the poor little romance that had brightened ber dull life for the space of a few days, and as she smoothed ont the crumpled frills of her little skirt and laid it tenderly on the shelf of her press, beside tbe white satin bodice, she felt as a mother might who shots away from her sight the little pair of shoes or tbe boliand pinafore which speak to her too plainly of past hopes, present loss, and a blank and dreary future. — Ethel Penrose, iu Argosy. 