A LINCOLNSHIRE GHOST. Gruesome Discovery at a Farmhouse. From Halton Holerate, a village near Spilsbury, Lincolnshire, comes a quaint ghost story, bringing with it, however, an air of reality in the form of authoritative details which accounts for the Sensation it has caused in the neighbourhood. The spot where the unearthly tappings and other unfamiliar sounds denoting the presence of an apparition are reported, is a farmhouse near the village, standing back some distance from the high road. A Lincoln reporter, who visited it la.53 month, found it occupied by a Mr. and Mrs. Wilson, and their servant man. When questioned Mrs. Wilson was at first very reluctant to make any statement, but subsequently narrated a rather remarkable story. According to this, the Wilsons came to the place on Lady Day last. Thefirstnight or so they heard vary strange noises about midnight, , as though a mysterious person was knocking at the doors and walls. Once it seemed as though some one was hurriedly moving about all the furniture down stairs. Another time the noise was like a heavy picture falling from the wall; but in the morning the inmates found everything as right as it was the night before. Nevertheless the servant man left the premises, saying he dare not stop, and the Wilsons had to ecure the services of another. About six weeks ago "something" was seen. One night Sirs. Wilson, before getting into bed, where her husband had already retired, thought she would go downstairs and see if the cow was safe. She satisfied herself that the animal was all right, and was at the foot of the stairs preparing to go up again when she saw an old man standing above her at the top and gazing directly at her. " He was standing," said Mrs. Wilson, "as though he was very round-shouldered. How I got past 1 cannot say, but I darted past him into the bedroom .and slammed the door. Even here, however. I felt some one was behind me. I turned round sharply, and there again Etood the same old man. • He quickly vanished, but I am quite certain 1 saw him. I have also seen him several times since, though not quits so distinctly." After recounting her strange experiences Mrs. Wilson conducted the reporter to the sitting-room, where a gruesome discovery had been made. In one corner the floor, it appeared, was very uneven, and here a day or two ago Mrs. Wilson took up the bricks with the intention of relaying them. No sooner had she done this, however, than a most disagreeable odour, was omitted. Her suspicions were aroused. She called her husband, with whose assistance a minute examination of the place was commenced. With a stick three or four bones were soon turned 'over, together "with a gold ring and several pieces of old black silk. All these had evidently been buried in quicklime, tlio bones and silk being obviously burnt theretvi h. The search was not prosecuted further, but a quantity of sand was introduced, and the floor was quickly levelled again. Here, accordingly, are all the elements of a last century romance. Pending further developments it is interesting to note that Mrs. Wilson holds the belief that at some time or other foul play must have taken place in the farmhouse she is living in. Dr. Gay, to whom the bones "were submitted, stated that they were undoubtedly human, but he believed they would be nearly 100 years old. 