I 1 — — - Cordalba. fFBOM OUrt OWN CORBRSrOXUBNT.I My pen hns been idlonnd ynur readerB will think CorHnlba lim been forgotten, but I hero uus nothing out of tho ordinary, worthy of moro than parsing notico, until tho last coudIo of weckft, which liavo of England Building Committee gave a concort in aid of thnt fund, but from what I can learn, it was got up hurriedly, bo tho rosult was that it wa9 uot a fioauoial success. Tho programme was a good one, and tho items woll given. Tho Eov. Ashburncr presided, and Miss Gibbons was tho pianist. Tho subse quent dance was very onjoynble, and Mr. N. Tutiu oarriod out tho duties of M.O. in a satisfactory manner. Tho A.O.F. Court iioso Of Oordalba's balfyoarly mooting was a very good one, and tho members aro trying to roako their Court a suoccss. Tho election of .officers for tho present torm resulted as follows : —O.K., Bro. A. Brown ; S.O-R , Bro. E. Russell; Treasurer, Bro. Goodliffe; See., Bro. I Fotheosry ; 8.W., Bro. F. Page ; J.W., Bro. G. Gassmau; S.B.Bro. D. Cullon; J.B., Bro. H. Newsomo; audi tors, Messrs. Franklin, Gallon, and M'Keozic. Bro. Pothecary, who had resigued tho position of Trustee, stated thet tho vacanoy had not been filled, and movod that Mr. J. JeiFcry bo appointed. Carried unanimously. The Scoio'ary pro- scuted Bro. Goodlifio with tho P.G-.K 's certificate aod neck ribbon,' speaking of him in a very complimentary manner. . A P.O. K/s neck ribbon was also presented to tho late C.li., Bro. Calion, who was the first 0.11. of this Court. Both Bros, rotarned thanks for the honors conferred on thorn. A boarty vote of thanks to rotiring officers was recorded. The half-yearly meeting of the Cor dalba Progress Association has also been held. Tho review of tho work done during tho past six months wqb road by tho secretary, who also read the balance- sheet. This showed a balance in hand January, 1897, of £4 9s. Oi; mombors contributions, £2 12 Od ; total receipts, £7 2s 3d. Expenditure: Stamps and stationery, rout of hall, bonus to secre tary printing rujos, £3 lis 8d ; balance in hand, £3 10s 7d. Messrs. S Sorronseu and A. Cuoingham wcro elected mom- bers. Tho correspondence was only of a trifitog character. The following officers were eieotcd i —President, \V. Clayton ; Vice-president, A. Calvert; Seorotary, J. Thurccht; Treasurer, K. Irwin; Com mittee, Messrs I. Pothecary, J. Jcffery, L, Stanicg, T. Irwin, J. Elwood, W. G. Young, ' Clayton, J. Johnson, G. Moier; auditors, T. E. Barnes, F. \V. Atkins. The secretary brought up tho subject of Money Orders, -and stated same should bo obtainable at tbe Post Office. But Mr. Potbecary moved that th secretary writo to Mr.'N. Tootll, M L A, and tho Postmastbr-Goneral, through MrKobinson (thoP.M, Ciiildcrs) urging tho necessity of a post aud telo- graph ofiico being built at Gordulbs, this being an urgent necessity for tho town and distriot. i I o suid ho hoped mem bers would not rest until tho office was obtained; nud as it was very necessary that tho Booyal Scrub get a mail do- Jivercd, it was only right that we should havo a pnst-olGco and'P.M. ' Mr 'Young seconded the motion,' which was carried unanioiously. Tho receipts of the even ing were £2 2 6d. Our local cricbclcrs are still alive, and have got up a concert to aid them in. reducing their debt. This came off last "Wednesday night, being a very pioasaot affair. Mr Pulhccary was the ehoirman, and Miss Gibbons played tho accompani ments. Proceedings were opened by that ludy playing un overture, " Oberon." Then came a song, "Deep in the Minus," by Mr. Egglcton. The recitation by Mr. Botanquet was loudly applauded. Mis9 Kingston's song, "Barney take Mo Homo Again," was well sung, and sho had to give an cncorc. This is the first time this young lady h as-sung at our concerts here, and X hope wc shall., have the pleasure of bcariog hor at many more. A recitation in Dutch oharaeter, by Mr. Finkc, fairly brought down tho house, and ho was recalled. Mr. Frost's " Aliee, where art Ibou?" was a splendid item, being encored; as also a song, ''Bid me i» Discourse." by Mr. Bosanquet. " Wheu tipurrows Build," by Miss Gibbons, waa warmly received ; and ibu recitation, " The Gallant Six Hundred," by Mr. Freeman, was loudly applauded. Tbe song, " Old Folks at Home," by Mr. Pothecary, was an item to which be bad to respond ; and a pianoforte solo by Miss Gibbous ooncluded tbe ffrst part of tho performance. After tho interval, a farce entitled "Grandmother's Ghost," was staged, tho characters being taken by Messrs. EcrIuIod, Turkclson, Dosscll, and A. Hotz. This wont very well. Tbe obairmsn thanked all who had assisted to make tho concert a success, in a very complimentary 'manner. Then dancing was tho order of the evening. Mr. G. Thurecht was M.O., and Messrs. G. Gassmon and F. Beth supplied tho music. About 25 couples were present. . Nest week the mills will be at work, and tho crushing ia expected to bo much bettor tnan was expected it would be Homo two months since. I am sorrr to relate the death last week of tho infantson, after a few days' illness, of our esteemed Constable Miller. This is tho first burial which has taken place in tho new Oordalba Cemetery. 