Y , M A Y I , .;. 1 8 § "E-O.S.'^wrifc .. rites to us^f- * The enclosed narrative may surprise fid interest your readers. That under. <4iia|n conditions the communion, ^vith^ spirits is 'possible l proved years ago* s it merely adds to one's knowledge, and nfefed not interfere with anyone's: religion. Whatever religion makes one better' and' happier, that is the xelisioii to keep to, be it Roman Catholic, Protestant, or • any other. Why need they interfere with, or hate each other- ^The quarrels and hatred do a'way wTtK all'Ve-* ligion. Although I know Spiritualism to be true. I have nothing to do with it. It is only a valuable" "knowlidgfe?." tT; think Dr Peebles made a r 'greaF|ii^ialie % in attacking religious sects:— ' ••"' s In memory of Mrs Massingberd. of Gunby, Lincolnshire, who died; of exhaustion consequent upon a severe operation, a service of unique character was conducted in St. John's Church, Smith Square, Westminster. The deceased lady was possessed of considerable wealth, and was heiress in her own right to some landed estate in the county, on which she sought; to promote temperance in many ways- Atftiou&h; connected with various social movements in London, her nam^ here' -was more particularly associated with the Pioneer Club for Ladies. This was founded by her. fully registered as a proprietary club, and 'was intended- by her to meet the wants of women engaged in progressive and other work, and in its spacious rooms in one of the finest old houses of Bruton street la'dies representative of all modern vocations and views were to be met. Her loss is a very sore one to the club, alike from her powers of organisation and the unfailing generosity she evinced towards it. By her own wish her remains were cremated, ami the ashes were enclosed in an-urn and brought to the church, where they remained under a beautiful pall of white silk, worked with gold, before the altar- The building itself is one of the most sombre in the metropolis. and even a number of iloral tributes sent by personal friends and dispersed about the chancel could hardly relieve the gloom of the dreary afternoon. The sons and daughters of the late lady, as well as other relatives, were present in the church, but the service was primarily arranged by the club as a token of Tespect, and the members were officially requested to', "meet outside the church at a quarter to four. Ideas differ among the advanced sisterhood as to the obligation of wearing black, and several."therefore, had-made - no difference in their usual attire; but all w«re the device of membership, which is a small silver axe, and a little badge of ribbon striped in white, grey, and black. As the first notes ;of "O for the Wings of a Dove" softly rolled out as a voluntary, the procession began to move towards the chancel, and was led by Viscountess Harberton (who had bright pink roses in her hat) and Miss Whitehead. Behind these were borne, shoulder-high, by eight ladies representative of the library, debates, dramatic, and anti-vivisection sub-committees, a huge trophy, measuring 6ft. by 4ft-, and entirely composed of flowers. The-basewas white hyacinths, jonquils, and lilies of the valley, upon which were worked, in raised letters of Parma violets .her family motto. "It is enough to have deserved." and the guiding sentences of the club, "All the hands of comrades clasping Pioneers of Pioneers." "Love thyself last," and "One and AIL" In the centre were the initials "E. L- M." i and a large axe. also wrought in double violets. Then followed Lady Hamilton nimnrary secretary)- Mrs Chester (who carried a lovely heart of lilies of the vallev); and Lady Elizabeth Cust. From the British Women's Temperance Association came a splendid cross of lilies and arums. Other bodies which sent wreaths were the Central National Society for Women's Suffrage, the Good Templars, the Humanitarian League, the' Shakespeare Society., and the Victoria street Anti-Vivisection "Society. Canon Wilberforce conducted the office, and the processional sentences and the anthem "I Heard a Voice," as well as the responses, were sung'to Goss's setting. Only a few verses of the lesson taken from Corinthians, 1 xv were read, airid the "hymns sung were 'I was a Wandering Sheep" and Gracious Spirit. Holy Ghost." At the conclusion. Canon Wilberforce gave a short address, saying that he was Always thankful when any prominent persons lent their support to cremation, and thus helped,to deal a, blow, to the materialism which cbuld grasp hio mote, than a reconstructed earthly body. With their departed friend they could but think that the scabbard was der stroved but the bright, keen blade of her'intellect and her vigorous mind existed all the same, and he was convinced that in spirit she was among tkem. and knowing all -that was being saidr m b 