NEWS AND NOTES. " AN OPEN COFESSION." --We have received a long communication from Mr. Isaac Batey, of Woodend North, with reference to the property leased by the late Mr. M'Namara from Mr. Batey and his co-trustees. Mr. Batey's letter is to the effect that Mr. M'Namara was un- fairly treated with regard to the acreage of the land. We would suggest that if these private transactions are to to be made public, Mr. B. would do better to offer his communication to the local (Woodend) paper. CULVERT IN STATION STREET. -- A long-needed work, the construction of a culvert, etc., in Station-street, Sunbury, has at length been commenced. Messrs. Cahill and Carlson, who have the con- tract, have taken out the old rubble- stones which were such a terror to drivers of vehicles as well as pedestrians, and have made the necessary excavation, which has proved a rather troublesome piece of work on account of the recent rains. The trench crosses the road in an oblique direction. When finished the culvert will be a vast improvement on the previous state of things, and a boon to all who have occasion to pass that way. A. RÖNTGEN PHOTO.-- We have been shown a photograph, taken by the X Ray process, of the hand of Mrs. R. J. M'Dougall in which a small portion of a needle became embedded some time ago. The bones are shown with beauty- ful clearness, and the piece of steel is to be seen without the slightest difficulty. The photograph is much finer than the various reproductions which most of the illustrated papers have from time to time published. Truly the process is a wonderful discovery. S. MARY'S CHURCH OF ENGLAND. On Sunday last the Venerable Arch- deacon MacCullagh preached morning and evening in the above Church. In the morning his sermon had reference to the dignity of labour, the text being taken from Jonah: " What is thine occupation, and whence comest thou ? What is thy country, and of what people art thou ?" He also referred to the Darwinian theory of evolution, of which he gave a brief abstract. He defended Australians from the charge of irreve- ence often brought against them, and pre- dicted a great and honorable future for the colonies. The Archdeacon's address was listened to with much attention and deep interest. SUNBURY CREAMERY. -- Changes have taken place with respect to the above business, which is now in the hands of Mr. Bartram, of the Victorian Butter Company. We learn that owing to a dispute as to the rental of the present place, Mr. Bartram has decided to build a new creamery on the banks of the creek, at the back of Sweeney's Hotel. Pre- parations are being proceeded with rapid- ly, the work having been entrusted to a Melbourne contractor. The old customers are quite satisfied with the new arrange- ment, Mr. D. Meenan, jun., is to man- age the creamery. His father has, we learn, left for West Australia. SUNBURY POLICE COURT. -- James Millett, licensee of the Monmouthshire Hotel, was charged before Mr. Anderson, P.M., with neglecting to properly cancel a beer stamp. Defendant pleaded guilty to a technical offence, but said he believed the stamp had been sufficiently cancelled, though not cut in two as required by the Act. He was fined the lowest penalty, namely £2, with 12s. costs. Inspector Allten prosecuted. This was the only case before the court. THE ANNUAL MEETING of S. Mary's Church of England will be held on Thursday night at 8.30. NEW BOOKS are to be purchased to- day for the local Mechanics' Library by the sub-committee appointed. These books will be ready for issue early in the year. BULLA SHIRE COUNCIL. -- The ordin- ary monthly meeting of this council was held on Monday, at the Shire Hall, Bulla. Report in another column. PRESENTATION TO SERGEANT-MAJOR ALLCOCK. -- On Saturday last, at the Drill- room, Rupertswood, Sergeant- Major Allcock, late drill instructor to the Rupertswood Battery of Victorian Horse Artillery, was presented by the members of the Battery with a hand- some timepiece, as a memento of his connection with them. In the absence of Major Hughes, the presentation was made by Surgeon-Major Embling, who referred in highly complimentary terms to the recipient. The latter expressed his appreciation of the gift in suitable language. The timepiece bears the fold- lowing inscription :--" Presented to Ser- geant-Major Allcock, by the Rupertswood Battery, Victorian Horse Artillery : Christmas, 1896." AUCTION SALE. -- Attention is directed to our advertising columns with refer- ence to an auction sale which will be conducted to-day at 2 o'clock on the premises, Liger street, Sunbury, by Mr. H. L. Jennings, auctioneer. The whole of the Sunbury property of the late Mr. T. Fitzpatrick, including 3¼ acres of township allotments, a three-roomed brick cottage, 20 head of mixed cattle, two 400 gallon tanks, and a quantity of household furniture, etc., will be offered for sale. Also on account of the owner, all those pieces of land, being Crown al- lotments 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 12 and 22 Section 21 Town of Sunbury, sittiated between Paisley and Miller streets. LICENSING COURT. -- A sitting of the Licensing Courts for the licensing dis- tricts of Kyneton, Lauriston, Malms- bury, Carlsruhe, Emberton, Taradale; Tylden, Sunbury, Gisborne, Riddell's Creek, Woodend, Compaspe, and New ham East, will be held in the Court-house Kyneton, on Tuesday 2nd February, at 10 a.m. INCOME TAX. -- Notice is given by the Commissioner of Taxes that all persons entitled to pay income tax must send in particulars of their incomes during 1896 to the Income Tax Office not later than 1st March. Forms may be obtained at post offices, railway stations, receipt and pay offices and State schools throughout the country. Hitherto everybody en- gaged in a business of his own had to furnish a return ; but under the act passed last session, if a person's gross income has been under £300, he can avoid filling in a schedule by making a statutory declaration to that effect. A CHRISTMAS GHOST. -- A funny inci- dent is related of the recent holidays by a Richmond young lady (of course to her many friends only). She was invites to stay with some friends a few miles from Daylesford, and arrived there late in the evening. It is usually pretty cool at night in that elevated spot, and this night was especially cold. The visitor had not been asleep very long when she was awakened by the bedclothes being pulled violently off. Terrified beyond measure, she observed an apparition in white glide from the room. She lay in terror until morning, and then scarcely knew how to mention the occurrence to her hostess. But at breakfast-time there was another guest, an old gentleman, who had arrived a few days previously, The hostess asked if he had slept well. ' Well,' said he, ' not at first. It was so very cold last night. But, knowing the room next to mine was unoccupied, I took the liberty of borrowing addition al clothes from that bed.' Tableau ! A LENGTHY DISCUSSION, on the re- spective merits of the day labour and contract systems as applied to the spread- ing of maintenance metal, took place at the last meeting of the Bulla Shire Council. Cr. Dolan was loud in his de- nunciation of the day labour system, and a sharp passage of arms took place be- tween him and the engineer on the ques- tion. Mr. Daniel contending that the day labour had proved the more satisfactory system, as less metal was wasted, and the woik, being under his supervision, was done much better. The president also favoured the day labour method, as it was more economic and efficient. At last a compromise was effected; it being decided to adopt the contract system subject to the supervision of the shire engineer. THE UNUSUAL WEATHER has had a very detrimental effect upon the large quantity of hay stacked by the farmers around Sunbury and adjacent townships. When the first rains fell, the hay had just been stacked, or was in course of being gathered in. Unthatched stacks had to be opened out to dry in many cases, and the later rains have caused further damage. The loss can hardly be estimated at present, but it must be very considerable. CroeLrsa.-\\. ,-. R. Andern;on was unsuccessful last Saturday on the Me! bourne Cricket Ground, thlough he came pretty near winnint g his heat. He rides to-day in the half-mile event, and as this is his favourite distance, and his starnt a good one, he may not unlikely score a win. Mr. Anderson is training. assiduously for the A.N.Ar. meeting on the 26th. SUNBUrs MisCHAFiCs' INSTITtTE.- Tlie nnuai uwetiiug Of the cuini ittoeof the above Institute vei! bh held on Friday night next. Report in duo 'Douro, Tim ALaI..S&OS; .a 897 ISq aro now ready and can ha obtained frond Mr. J. Boardniasn's inoty Agcn er. Tihei in ®ladud. maesin', ml.L. Srnith's, etcr DISTINviSHEBD VItrgonI,-The IEi4 Minor-Cnon Croes,. Vicar of Williams town,. as bbeen on a visit to Mr. Ht Ayres.-.of Redl 'Rock- Station this week; .The reverend gentieman, besides beingi known to faime as a musician inud cleric, I is also a votary of Nimiroa, Severat i h1ndired rabbits, a vast qusntity of parrots, and, other 'small game,' have fallen to his gun (a minor cannon ?) during his stay. "No famished sportse' ritai? need seek the hospitable glades ofi,: Red Rock for some time, as all the 'varmint' are pretty well used up for a long period to come. It's a pity the farmers could not arrange for a simual-??::, taneous battue amongst their friends? and thus save an untold expenditure'i • Toxa and other antidotes t6 the plague of rodents and voluars. THE ANNIVERSARY of the Sunbury::' Wesleyan Church was celebrated on Sun.= ; day and Monday last, Three sermtnne were preached in the church on Sunday \--in. the morning and evening by Sister::; i: Hannah, of the Central Methodist Mis sion, Melbourne ; and in the afternoon-ii 1by:the- Rev. Jr D. Stocks of Hawthorn.: A collectiou was taken up at eal'h service in the aid of the Trust Fist. On Monday.a public meeting and. social:?{i was held in the Mechanics' Hall, ana was well attended. Addresses were given-. by Sister Hannah, the Rev: J. H.,:: '' Marshall, B.A., and Mr. Illingworth.: Sister Hannah pleased greatly with her_, interesting anecdotes, which were of. a':i.~ taking character, being both humorous. and pathetic, and graphically told, A i number of songs and recitations were also given, and altogether a very enjoy able evenImg was spent by those who., ` were present.. Sr. OansprI GOLD MNINGa CoMrPAtr. \--The hon. manager of the above comni` pany, Mr. H. C. Just, informs us that he attended the Warden's Court at Heidelberg on .Monday last for the par pose of proving that the regulations were complied with regarding the new trrva.e fpro.erty lease.: He further states that::. the Directors have decided to hold a meeting of shareholders next month, ofi: which due notice will be given. THE REV. W. CHARLES FORD, dar ing the past week, has been inspecting Church lauds, at the following placea : -:, Glenlyon, Yandoit, Hard Hills, Dayles ford, Trentham., Woodend, Taradale, Malms.ury. Elphinstoue, Kyneton, Romsey and Lancefield. FIsHING.-Many of our local disciples of Isaac Walton have made some fine hauls during the last fortnight in various - parts of Jackson's-creek. Mr. J. U. Starkie is one of the most enthusiastic and successful of our local anglers. M?,.' JoaN AXNDsRBn !ass bought- ?: the uentire stock and business of J. R. and R, C. Anderson and in future the busi n s" will be under his personal super. vision. . 