RACECOURSE " RECULARS." CUP BATTLERS. "THE LUMBERER," THE "STABLE COMMISSIONER," AND "THE JOCKEY." Ill' "A MAN ABOUT TOWN." "Within a forttilffht of Iho uoramonct!- merit of Urn Spring ItacHig CaYiiivtU ('(v.Ul bo "C?ulne;i.s" Day next Satur day wook), Mis snuiJl wonder that tiiu New SouUi NVolfdi, South Australian mid Hostrnluui "batUlUR" cotitLagcub have already pitclied their touts at headquarters. 'Battlors" from Mother side are built on very much the same lines as their Melbourne brethren, hut, being com- punitive strangers over here, generally contrive to more than hold their owu at Ctip time. Their faces ure fresh to the Melbourne lints. Their suits— gener ally of light patterns— ure, for some reason or other, newer, and nattier, and nobbier" Uitui those posse! by the .Vlctorlau "meu of tlie world." Perhaps a word or two (Inscriptive of the Sydney-side "tale tellers" likely to be encountered nl Caulflcld «nd Klein- ington utiring the next mouth or so may nerve ah letters of introduction to the gentlemen. Words of warning to the annual crop of Cup punters, whose ears arc always ' open to the whisper of the tale-teHor who "knows a moral for the next nuto." lire, I think, almost thrown away. The cunQdcncc trick has been exj>osed on sunietliitig like -170,831 occasions, yet at the present moment prolxtbly a phllau- tlirophle Wist Indian and an' equnlly jienetlcent confederate, tire engaged In souie hotel or other "raking down" a guileless mid conlidlng countryman. For, mark you, Mis the exception, not the rule, for the victim to "squeak," and <-ry "Police!" for in nine eases out of leu the man fleeced, realising that he jins been gut at, and that, moreover, there is not the most remote Iiojmj of his ever seeing his "deposit money" again, determines to grlu and Injur it, nud by keeping his loss a secret, deprives his friends of the gratitieatlon of laughing ht him. Very much the same kind of thing obtaius In connection with those credu lous race- goers who become victims to the wiles of the tale-tellers at Cup time. Mo amount of warning would induce them to put a break on their blind be- . lief. Given o short, slim, unity little man. got up, even to the shave and the cut of his clothes, as a well-to-do jockey, nc- comimuied by a frock-coatcd. bell- top- fiered Individual, who poses at times as "the stable commissioner," reinforced, at n distance, by a nondescript kind of individual— the lumberer— who haunts the bars and the birdcages in his search for provender for his patrons— "mugs;" and you lmve the strength of the tale- tolllng combination. The "Joint," or firm, seldom comprises .more than three, sometimes It Is work ed by two, bnt the complement is gener ally three, and very big money has, iu years past, been got at the game. The sol dlsant jockey and the alleged stable commissioner are easily recog nisable on our racecourses, their very attire would "put them away" to any habitual turfite, hut, somehow or other. It is this same gorgeous npjHirel.coupled pcrluips wlt.h the ostentatious display of a couple of good dinuiond rings, and, may he, a roll of Provincial and Subur ban hank notes, which halt and land Hie gudgeon for whom they are angling. a im Jockey really does the best por tion of the work. Tie Is tireless in bobbing about the ring nnd saddling paddock. And when, sighting a j>toh- piaitive Victim; lie deigns to whls|M>r film mysteriously to the effect that he will know something really good Inter on, the l\y. is absolutely grateful to him for his condescension iu vouchsaf ing to confide In him, even with such a degree of ambiguity. Then the trio of confederates get to gether, and the dupe is speedily mid In extricably within their meshes. Dif ferent "inolis" iiave different methods; hut the more popular system of "work ing a mug" on the "tale-telling racket" is to get his money for investment Aviuiout letting him even know which liorse he Is hacklug until after tlie race lias been ma and won. Thou, of course, ho Is invariably oti the second horse, nnd in nine eases out of ten Is actually placed on good terms with himself for having— as his advisers re mind hlin— "had such a good run for his money." " If, however, he insists on knowing be forehand the name of the horse and the race in which he is interested, his men tors select one which in their opinion, does not jjohsoss a ghost of a cluiuce of .winning, and instruct their stable com missioner to buck. that animal. Of course he does nothing of! the sort, and the spoils ore equally, divided among the three. Hut. even supposing that the unex- jtected happens, and the horse named manages to win, the "tale-tellers" are iu no wise discomfited. Two of the three keep out of the way until after the uext nice, while the lumberer— gen erally nil bicllvlduul of bibulous procll- yllles— llquorHliisuewly-found friend up at the bars, and on the strength of Ids supposed winnings, generally contrives 1o plv the pigeon with Pommery until he is iu such a state of hasty beatitude that lie is not quite clear which horse he really has backed, or with whom he lias been betting. Then, after the next race, the "Joc key" and the "commissioner" return— very downcast, very dejected. They had the lot— winnings, stakes and ali en tho favorite for the last -race, and had luck, he was beaten, etc., etc. Hotter luck next time. As I have BUld, Sydney "talc- tollers" Fcem to do better at Cnulfleld and Flcnrington during Dm Cup festival thnn the Victorian "battlers," They make a specialty of their knowledge of tho condition 'and capabilities of the horses trained in New South Wales, nnd prime -their' putrous with veiled In formation as to so and so beiug speci ally "bottled up" for this particular race, and. such and such not luivlug being u trier during the lltiiulwlck Spring Meeting. Tlds is the kind of "information" .wliieh "fetches" the Huts. They swallow this aviduously, the more par ticularly if they are sworn to set-rosy. 1 have purposely spreml myself some what extensively over tho tale "lurk" as told by Sydtieysldors, because that 1s reullv the only specious narrative which is listened to (ou tliu racecourse) by up-country visitors at Clip time . nowadays. There seems to lie a seductive charm In the confluence reposed in the punter by .the communicative commissioner and ids pards. As a matter of fact, the confidence Is all on Mother side, ami the hacker who hlludly believes that he is the only. Individual -on the course, bur ring the. owner aud the "stable com missioner," who Is "in Die know" as re; B»rds tlio support to be accorded to any one horse Is Hurcly tlie most nssltiine or all Idiots, lid merely deserves to lose IiIb money, and lie reminds one of the English Imlieelle who fell umoiig racecourse tiileves. They told this credulous geutloninn n very strong tale, a very steep story indeed. They actually hud the judge "squnred," so that If by any possi bility the horse on whcli they alleged ihey had Invested Die D.L'h money failed to win. "the inun hi Die liox" was iMiuud to hoist his number as the win ner. "Look here, dear old lK»y," was their last "willing spur," "If Die bloom ing horse runs last, Mr will declare hirn the winner." Tills was stroug enough to induce tho Idiot to invest a hundred, ami. of course, the horse dldnM win; and, needless to say, the Judge did not hoist his number. But such 'a. beautiful "mug" was not to be lost flight of cveh'theu. T.ho confederacy, again approached him. "regaled" hhu, ami after n ix>uition or two of Poiuuiory, explained tliat the Judge had got drunk aud mixed matters up. However, they had fixed things up for the next nice. The judge was lying dnink, etc.. and if the gentle man— the aforesaid English Imbecile— didn't, mind, he could "ACT AS JUDGE HIMSELF, and place whichever hone he had backed himself first 11!" Would it bo believed Dint nnv lunatic could he found on the face nf God's earth sufficiently gullible i«> swallow such it yam? 'Tills fool did, and there are scores of similar brainless backers at large in Victoria trMiuy. Well, rcvertlug to my yarn. I don't suppose many Melbourne turfites are a wsth« nf Dm fact thai on some nf Die English racecourse there are two dis tinct tracks and two distinct Judge's boxes, each utilised iu connec tion1 with certain races run for on the some afternoon. Tlmt is Die the spectators have to walk, or ride, case; ami after one race .has been run. perhaps a utile to witness Die contest for the next. Tho English punter to whom I am referring dldu't appear to Iiuvo known this, so tho worthy wel- shorn, after obtaining lils money for investment, )>crched him in the box— the wrong one, of course — handed him the numbers, instructed htm wiilcli to liolst, and left hint there. He limy be sitting there yet, awaiting his horses! Yes. we iiave a fresh crop of fools springing up In Australia each spring, and If "Die lnitUers" manage to reap in a rich harvest at Cup time, who can hlutun them? PnrtJeumrly If the fools fleeced persist in Hhuttiug their eyes to tlie press warnings. 1 think I have succeeded la showing how a few of tlm. best known of "The Ihicecourse Regulars" manage to Aub- sist all Die year touud. Maybe when we are' within a week or two of the Cups, I shall touch upon an episode or two in connection with the career of a "battler." 