Seasonable Topics. Remounts foe India. The Secretary to the Government of India has notified the Colonial Secretary of this colony the remounts which will be purchased by the Army Remount Department dur ing the year 1898-9.- The horses required are classed as follows Australian, Tasma niau, and Cape horses. — In Calcutta Horse Artillery, 322 ; Field Artillery* 525 ; Medium Cavalry and Hussars, 351. In Madras : Horse Artillery, 95 ; Field Artillery^ 126 ; Medium Ca valry and Hussars, 85. In Bombay : Horse Ar tillery, 90 ; Field Artillery, 1S5. The purchases will be made in Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay oy remount agents unaer uie oraers or tne direc tor, Army Remount Department. The remount depots will be open for the reception of horses from the 1st November, 1898, to the end of the purchasing season. Horses and mares of all breeds will be received ; but they must be within the prescribed age of four to six years, and in the case of Australian horses 15 hands 1 in. to 16 hands high. Greys will not be purchased for Horse and Field Artillery. The average price for an Australian or Cape remount has been fixed at £45. It will be seen that in all the number re quired is 1779 horses, and as we may reasonably assume that it is good sound stock which the Army Remount Department desires, we would once more give the suggestion that India would be much better served if the selections were made at the source of supply instead of at the ports of de mand. The complaints recently received from India regarding the quality of the ' Walers ' points directly to the conclusion that the present system, which is in the hands of dealers, is as un-' satisfactory to the breeders of stock here as it is to the buyers in India. We regard the trade to be in a most unbusiness-like position. It is almost as bad as Australia's meat export trade. The Indian service requires good horses. What it has been receiving during the last five years may be set down as job lots. The Cost op Tuberculin Tests In the able paper on the application of the tu berculin test to the ox, read recently biefore the Royal Society by Dr. Ashburton Thompson, there is a passage which will clear away many doubts regarding the actual cost of the test. When the modern farmer is told to do something to better his condition, his first question is, What will it cost ? According to Dr. Thompson, there are three brands of tuberculin which are more or less freely available in Sydney. They differ somewhat in appearance, but much more in price than in any other reBpect. Koch's tuberculin, prepared under direction of Dr Libbertz, coBts only 3s 6d, in bottles holding five centicubes ; and &b; '4cc. is a good dose for an adult the cost of the tuberculin used at each observation is about 3£d. Marcker's lymph, prepared in a Government laboratory at Copenhagen, also sent out in bottles containing five centicubes, costs 20s ; the dose being the same the cost of the tuberculin used at each observation is about Is 8d. The tuberculin for veterinary use supplied by the British Institute of Preventive Me dicine is found in small wide-necked test-tube bottles, holding three centicubes each. The cost is Is, and as one centicube is a dose for an adult the cost of the tuberculin used at each observation is 4d. These are remarkable differences of price. During the last two or three years the Health Board has been in the habit of using Koch's, and with perfectly satisfactory results. The others have been tried, and with the same satisfactory results. But the difference in price is important in relation to a material which ought to be used, and in course of time will be used, in several thousand cases every year. The direction given with the German and with the Danish lymphs is to dilute them before use. Each portion of five centicubes is to be made up to 50 or to 100 centi cubes with 45 or with 95 centicubes of boiled water in which half a part of phenol has been dis solved. No such direction is given with the pro duct of the British Institute. Doubtless the ob ject is to render the loss of a few drops of the mixture of less consequence, should any be spilt in making the injection, and, as a general rule, dilu tion should be recommended. The Feozen Meat Tbade. There is very little which is interesting to re port of the frozen meat export trade. It still re mains in the very old-fashioned ' groove which it has occupied for several years. The recent meet ings here of the Australian Meat Export Associa tion resulted in no new developments. The London committes is to be persevered with and the underwriters are to be asked to do something in the way of inspecting meat prior to its shipment. Nothing in the way of opening fresh markets or of encouraging the little trade we have with the Cape Colony is mentioned in the reports. It is . almost unnecessary for us to say that combina tions can be of very little use so long as they con fine their efforts to well-worn tracks. What stronger proof of this could we quote than the re cent cablegram from London, which states that the proposed temporary pool of the interests of the holders of Queensland beef in London has proved unworkable, mainly owing to the great diversity in the quality of the beef ? It is, how ever, proposed to form a combination on the basis of a minimum selling price, with a penalty for under -selling* Our experience with the markets of Britain leaves the impression that the failure of the Queensland beef is due to the fact that most of it is Bent to the wrong port. We keep well within the bounds of ordinary reasoning when we say that all qualities will not suit London, but that the sorts of Queensland beef which are un saleable in London could be sold , at fair prices in J other parts of England. Direct shipments to Liverpool would permit of the qualities being pro perly classed and profitably placed. Australian Wine in England. Our correspondent, writing from London on October 22, sends the following notes on the wine trade : — With respect to the Australian wine trade I learn that there was a steady increase up to the year 1894, when the South Australian Government inaugurated a depot in London. I remember well, when in Sydney, about 1887-8, the import was somewhat less than -150,000 gallons, but it has steadily grown uutil now it reaches the substantial total of something near 600,000 gallons. It has undoubtedly dropped during the past three years, and that fact is attributed to an uncertainty as to the intentions of the South Australian Government. People who thought of embarking in the trade aban doned the idea, and there was a suspicion in com mercial circles that private enterprise might not reap the reward which the employment of capital in such a direction might reasonably hope to acquire. South Australian wine, however, has improved- greatly in public estimation, and it is to be found in houses which are considered -of good social repute, as well as in some of the best clubs in London. A weekly paper which caters for the Australian community here declares that up to the present very little wine has come from New South Wales, and London importers rather regret this circumstance. One well-known im porter says that the New South Wales people are not paying so much attention to the wine industry as they might do. The colonists offer, as an ex-' planation of this, that there is a risk of too much rain ; but we all know that there is a peculiar delicacy about the New South Wales wines which renders them of value wherever consumed, and any risk such as I have just mentioned seems to me well worth running. . £ Teavelling Stock Routes. The letter from Mr. Bucknell under the above heading, -which appears in another column, is one of the many complaints which are heard on all sides about the stock roads of this colony. The subject is one which has been almost threshed out to shreds in the ' Mail,' but it is fresh so long as the evil lasts. The facts are that the stock-routes are at present in a deplorable condition. They are for the greater part denuded of all good herbage and are bedecked with weeds of the worst kind. In the north-west they have the prickly pear and the Bathnrst burr, a condition which was explained in recent special reports from that quarter which, appeared in these columns. The honest man who is travelling stock hasn't the ghost of a chance to bring his stock down to the railway termini in even ordinary condition. A light tax on travelling stock would, if accompanied by the proper care of the reserves and the routes, prove a boon to all pastoralists, but — and these are cases in which the 'but' always comes in — the value of a law depends upon the way- in which it., is car ried out. Many landholders have hitherto foI-: lowed a policy which does not favour reforin in ? the absence of a well-administered law. ' 