\- UL.I i i - <p J. . The Christian.' BY HALL CAINE, , Author, or "The Manxman." THIRD BOOK.— THE DEVIL'S ACRE. _ xi. On the day of the drnwingroom meeting a largo company gathered in the hall at Belgrave-square. Mercy Mnckrny, now Lady Robert Ure, back' from the honeymoon, re- ceivedthegu'estsforhermother, whose weak . heart and a headache kept her upstairs. Her husband stood aside, chewing the end . of his moustache, and looking through his eyeglass with a gleam of amused interest in his glittering eye. There were many ladies, all fashionably dressed, and one of them wore a seagull's wing in her hat, with part oif the root left visible painted red, to show that it had been torn out of tho living bird. The men were nearly'all clergymen, and the Out of their cloth and the fashions of their . ties indicated the various complexions of their creeds. They glanced at each other with looks of embarrassment, and Mrs. Cul lender, who came in like a breeze off a Scot tish moor, said audibly that she had never seen " so many crows oil one tree before." The Archdeacon was there with his hcad/jp, talking loudly to Lady Robert. She stood motionless in her place, never turning her eyes towards John Storm, though it was plain that she was looking at him con stantly. More than once lie caught an ex pression of pain in her face, and felt pity for her, as one of the brides who had acted the lie of marrying without love. But his spirits were high; he welcomed everybody, and even bantered Mrs. Cullender when she told him she "objected to the hale thing," and said, "Wed, weel, bide ye a wee." The Archdeacon gave the signal, and led the way with Lady Robert to the drawing- room, where Mrs. Mackray, redolent of per fume, was reclining on a sofa, with the "lady poodle" by her side. As soon as the company were seated, the Archdeacon rose and coughed loudly. "Ladies-Hind gentlemen," he said, "We have no assurance of a blessing, except 'Ask and ye shall receive.' Therefore, before we gp further it is our duty as brethren of a common family in Christ to ask the blessing of Almighty God on this enterprise." . There was a subdued rustle of drooping hats and bonnets, when suddenly a thin voice was heard to say, "Mr. Archdeacon, may I inquire first, who is to ask the blessing?" "I thought of doing so myself," said the 'Archdeacon, with a lofty smile. ' . "In that case, as a Unitarian, I must object to an invocation in which I do not believe." "Well, if the name of our Lord is a stum bling block to our Unitarian brother, no doubt the prayer in this instance would be acceptable without the customary Christian benediction." "That's just like you," said a large man near the door with whiskers all round his face. "You've been trimming and compro mising all your life, and now you are going to trim away the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." "If our Low Church brother thinks he can do.better I shall be happy to resign the duty in his favor," said, the Archdeacon. "But, sir," said another voice, "I object to -both of you. Being a Catholic priest, and, therefore, the only clergyman present .whose ordination is valid, I decline to sit here and be superseded in the sacred office by' any layman." There was a half-suppressed titter from the wall at the back, where Lord Robert .Ure was standing with his face screwed up to bis eyeglass. But the Unitarian had risen again. "May I," lie said, suavely, "as the first cause of this unhappy difference, pour oil on the troubled waters? I propose' that the venerable Archdeacon bo requested to repeat the Lord's prayer. I think that .will be unobjectionable to the representa tives of all Christian denominations." A murmur of relief was passing over the company when a bushy- bearded man rose nnd said, "As an agnostic I must object to the Lord's prayer, the very first clause of it being beyond all possibility of human knowledge." Then there was blank dismay, and Lord Robert's face seemed to be cracking under his moustache from ear to car. John Storm had looked icy cold, though the twitching of his lower lip showed that he was red hot within. "Ladies and gentle men," he said, in a quavering voice, "I apologise for bringing you together. I thought if we were not in earnest about the union of Christendom we might at least unite in the real contest with evil. But I .find it is a dream. We have only been trifling with ourselves, and thereto not one of us who wants the union of Christendom except on the condition that his rod shall be like Aaron's rod, which sjyallowed up all the rest. It was a mistake, and I beg your pardon. - "Yes, sir," said the Archdeacon, "it was a mistake, and if you had taken my advice from the first and asked the blessing of God through good high churchmen alone " "God doesn't wait for any asking," said John, now flushing up to the eyes. "He : gives freely to high churchmen and low churchmen and no churchmen alike." "If that iB your opinion, sir, you are no .-The.sois ijeht of. publication in Victoria has been purchssod by The Leader, belter than your friend the agnostic there, and for my part I will never darken your door again." "Darken is a good word for it, Archdea con," said John, and with that the company broke tip. Airs. Mackray looked like a thundercloud as John bowed to her on passing out, but Airs. Callender cried in a jubilant voice, "Be captain of your own ship, laddie," and ad ded (being two yards behind the Archdea con's broad hack going down the stairs), "If that 'deacon man is to be an inheritor of the kingdom of heaven there'll be a michty crush at tho pearly gates, I'm thinking." John Storm went hack to Solio with a heavy heart. Going up Victoria-street he passed a crowd of ragged people who were ploughing their way through the carriages. Two policemen were taking a man and a wo man to the police court in Rochester Row. The prisoners were Sharkey, the keeper of the gambling house, aud his wife, the baby farmer. But within a week John Storm, in greater spirits than ever, was writing to Glory again: "The Archdeacon has deserted me, hut no matter! Aly uncle has advanced me another thousand of my mother's money, so the cru sade is self supporting in one sense at all events. You would be amused to see how the women of the West end are taking it up — Lady Robert Ure among the rest. Tliev have handed themselves into a sisterhood, and christened our clergy house n 'Settle ment.' One of my Greek owners came in the other evening to see the alterations. His e.ves glistened at the change, and he asked leave to bring a friend. I trust you are well ond settling things comfortably, and that Aiiss Alnequarrie lias gone. It is raining through a colander here, hut I have no time to think of depressing weather. Sometimes when I cross our great squares, where the birds sing among the yellowing leaves, my mind goes off to your sweet home in the sunshine; and when I drop into the dark alleys and lanes where the pale faced children play in their poverty nnd rags, I think of a day that is coming, and, God will ing, is now so near, when a ministering nngcl of tenderness and strength will bo passing through them like a gleam. But I am more than ever sure that you do well to avoid for tho present the pompous joys of life in London, where for one liappy being there are a thousand pretenders to hap piness." _ On the Sunday night following Crook- lane outside the clergy house was al most blocked " with noisy people of both sexes. They were a detachment of the "Skeletons," and the talk among them was of the trial of the Sharkey, which had taken plnco the day before. "They've 'od six months," said one: "nnd it's all along o' minjee parsons," said another; and Charlie Wilkes, who had a cer tain reputation for humor, did a step dance nnd sang some doggerel beginning, "Father Storm is a weiy good man, 'e docs you all the 'arm 'e can." ' - Through this crowd two gentlemen i pushed their way to the clergy house, which was brilliantly lit up. One of them was the Greek owner," the other was Lord Robert Ure. Entering a large room on the ground floor they first came upon John Storm, in cassock and biretta, standing nt the door and shaking hands with everybody I who came in nnd went out. He betrayed no surprise, but greeted them respectfully, and then passed tliem on. Every moment of his time was occupied. The room was full of the young girls of tho district, with hero and there a sister out of another world en tirely. Some were reading, some convers ing, some laughing, some playing a piano and some singing. Their voices filled the air like the chirping of birds, and their faces were bright nndliappy. "Good even ing, father," they said on entering; and Good night, father," as they went away, alio two men stood some minutes nnd looked round nt the room. It was observed that Lord Robert did not remove his lint. He kept chewing tho end of a decrepit cignr- otto, whereof the other end hung down his chin. One of the sisters heard him say, It will do with a little alteration, I think. Then he went off alone, nnd the Greek owner stepped up to John Storm. It wns not at first that John could attend to liiin, and when he was able to do so he began to rattle on about his own affairs. ' See," lie said with n delighted smile, and a wave of the arm, "see how crowded we are. Wo 11 have to think of taking in the next door soon." "Father Storm," said the Greek, "I have something serious to say, though the official notification will of course reach you by another chtinnel." John's face darkened as a ripe cornfield does when the sun dies away from it. , / ' "I am sorry to tell you that the trustees, having had a favorable offer for this pro perty . . ." "Well!" His great staring eyes had stopped the man. "Have decided to sell." "Sell? Did you say se — .... To whom . . . What?'' "To tell you the truth, to the syndicate of a music hall." John staggered back, breathing nudibly. "Now if n man had to believe tliat. . . . Do you know, if I thought such a thing could happen . . . ." "I'm sorry yon take tho matter so seri ously, Father Storm. It's true you've spent money on the property, but believe me, the trustees will derive no benefit . . ." "Profit? Afoney? Do you suppose I'm thinking of that, and not of the desecration, the outrage, the horror? But who are they? Is thai, man . . . that Lord . . ." 'J'lie Greek had nodded liis head, nnd John, opening the door, cried, "Out of this! Out of it, you Judas!" And al most before the Greek had crossed flio thres hold the door was banged at his hack. The incident had been observed, and there wns dead silence in the club room, hut John only cried, "Lot's sing something, girls," and when the Sister struck up his favorite, Nazareth, there waB no voice so loud as his voice. But he had realised, everything. Gloria was coming back and the work of months wns overthrown! '.When he was going home groups of the girls were talking in whispers in the hall,' and Mrs. Pinchor, who was wiping her eyes at the door, said, "I wonder you don't drown yourself, I do." At the corner of the lane Mr. Jupe waa waiting for him to beg his pardon, and to ask hi? advice. What lie had said of Mrs ,lupe had turned out to be true. ine Sharkers had "split" on her, and the had been arrested. "It- was all in the pipers last night," the weak "c:\\\VJA1"uV percd. -f "Oh, my poor Lidjer! \\\ hat am 1 t0"Do? Cut her off like a rotten said John, scornfully, arid with that he strode down tho. street. H'O roared around him, and lie tolt us if- lie wanted to fling himself into the >"4' 'J1 and be swallowed., up. loor ejiaiiipion o women," thrown down and trodden oil uy the very woman in whose name lie W On reaching A'ictoria-sqiiare lie told Mrs. Callender the news; Hung it out at bet « itji a sort of triumphant snout. Hi3 diureli lind been sold over Ins head, and bciiig onlj "Chaplain to the Greek-lurks, lie uas - to be turned into the streets. 1 hen lie laughed wildlv, nnd by some devilish impulse, began to abuse Glory. "The next chaplain is to be a girl," he cried. "One of those creatures who live by their looks nnd throw kisses at gaping crowds, and sweep curtsies foi tneir dirty crusts." , , .. But all nt once ho turned white as a ghost, and sat down trembling. Airs. Cul lender's face wns twitching, uiid to prevent herself from crying she burst into scorching satire. "There!" she said, sitting in her rocking chair, and rocking herself luriously, "I kenn'd weel what it. would come til Adversity mak's a man wise, .they sa> . it it doesnn mali' him rich. But its the 1 rune Alinistcr I blame for this. The nuld dolt, he must be fallen to his dotage. It s enough to mak' a reasonable body go out ot lier mind to think of sic wise asses. 1 told you what to expect, hut you were always mis calling me for a suspicious aulil woman. Oil, it's a tiling ye'd no suspect, but Jane Callender is only a daft nuld fool,, ye see, and doesnn. ken what she's saying. . But at the next moment she had jumped up and flung her arms about John s neck, and was crying over him like a girl., un my son! Aly nin son! And is it tor me to fling out at ye? Aye, aye, it s a heartless world, laddie." ... , He kissed the old woman, and tncn sue tried to coax him to cat. "Conic, conic, a wee bitce, just a wee bitee. Y\ e must eat our supper any way." , , , "Gou seems dead, and a long way off," he murmured. '. , . , , ' And a drap o' whisky will do no harm a wee drapeei ' ' ,'. " , "There's only one tiling clear— God sees I'm unfit for the work, so He has taken it away from me." . She turned aside from the table, and the supper was left untouched. The first post next morning brought a let ter from Glory: — "Tho Garden House, "Clenient'B Inn, W.C. "Forgive me! I have returned to town! I couldn't help it, I couldn't, I couldn I. London dragged me back. What wns I to do after everything was settled and the aunties provided for— assist in a dame's school and wage war with pothooks and. hangers? Oh, I was dying of weariness— dying, dying, dy- And then they made me such tempting offers. Not the music hall — don t think that. I daresay you were quite right there. No, hut the tlieatre, the regular theatre! Air. Drake haB bought some broken-down old place, and is to turn it into a beautiful theatre expressly for me. I am to play I Juliet! Only think, Juliet, and in your own theatre! Already I feel like a liberated slave who has crossed lier Red Sea. . ' "And don't think a woman's mourning is like the Polonion laws, which Inst hut; three davs. . He is buried in my heart, not in the earth, and I shall love him and revere him always. And then didn't you tell me your self it would not be right to allow his death to stop my life? , "Write and say you forgive me, John. I Reply by return and make yourself your I own postman — registered. You'll find me here at Rosa's. Come, come, come! Ill never forgive if you don t come soon— never, never! „„T _ „ "GLORY." XII. A fortnight had passed and Johu Storm had not yet visited Glory. Nevertheless, he had heard of lier from day to day by the medium of the ncwspnpoin. Every morning 1 lie had glanced down tlio black columns for I the name that stood out from tliem us if its letters had been printed in biood. The re ports had been many and mysterious. First, the brilliant young nrtistc who had made I such an extraordinary impression some I months before had returned to London and would shortly resume the promising career I which had been interrupted by illness and family bereavement. Next, the fortlicom- ing appearance would be on the regular I stage nnd in a Shnkspcarian character which was always understood to be a cru cial test of histrionic genius. Then the reyival of Romeo and Juliet, which had for merly been in contemplation, would prob ably give way to the still more ambitious project of an entirely new production by a well-known Scandinavian nuthor with a part peculiarly fitted to the personality and talents of the debutant. Finally, a syndicate wns about to he formed for the purchase of somo old properly with a view to its recon struction as a theatre in the interests of the new play and the new player. John Storm liiuglied bitterly. He told himself that Glory was unworthy of the least of his thoughts. It was his duty to go on with his work and -think of her no more. He had received his official notice to quit. The church was to be given up in a month, the clergy house in two months, and lie be lieved himself to be immersed in prepara tions for the rehousing of tho club and home. Twenty young mothers and their children now lived in the upper rooms under obedience to tho sisterhood, but Polly's lioy had remained with Airs. Pincher. 1' rom time to time 'he hn'd seen the little one tethered to a chair by a scarf about its waist, creeping by the wall to the door, and there gazing out on to tho world with looks of intelligence, and babbling to it in various inarticulate noises. 'llie little dark face had tho eyes of its mother, hut it represented Glory for all that. John Storm loved to see it. He felt that he could never part with it, .and that if Lord Robert Ure himself came and asked for it he would bun dle him out of doors. "Boo-loo! Labia? Alum-um?" As he passed up the lane he stopped at tho pawn shop door and kissed the little lips ns they prattled and curled, nnd then kused them ngnin ns t-hcy drooped and fell, and some thing darkened the little existence. But a- carriage drew up at Mrs. Callen- der's one morning, and Ladv Robert Ure Btepped out. Her pale and patient face lind tho feeble ond nervous smile of tho humiliated and unloved. "Mr, storm," she, said in her gentle voice, "I liavo tome on a deligptc errand. I enn- not delay any; longer & duty I ought, to have done before," It was about Polly's baby. Sho had heard of what had happened .at tho hos pital, nnd tho newspapers which had fol lowed her to Paris with reports of lier wed ding had contained reports of the girl's death also. Since her return she had . in quired about the child, nnd discovered that it had been rescued by him, nud was now in his careful keeping. ., ,, "But it is for me to look after it, Air. Storm, nnd I beg of you to give it up to me. Something tells me that God will never give me nny children of my own, so I shnl- he doing no hnnn to anyone, and my hus band need never know whose child it is I adopt. I promise you to be good to it. It shall never leave me. And if it should live to be a man nnd grow to love me, that will help mo to forget the past and. to for give myself for my own share in it. Oil, it is little I can do for the poor girl who is gone, for after nil sho .loved him and I took liiin from her. But this is my duty. Air. Storm, nnd I cannot sleep nt night or rest in the day until it is begun.' ' . "I don't know if it is your duty, dear lady, but if you wish for the child it-is your right," said John Storm, and they got into the carriage and drove to Solio. "Boo-loo! Lnl-ln? Alum-um! lhe child was tethered to the chair as usual, and talk ing to the world according to its wont. When it was gone, nnd the women on the doorstops could sec no more of the fine car riage ot tho great lady who had brought the odor of perfume and the rustle of silk into Lhe dingy court, and Airs. I'incher lind turned back to the house with red eyes nnd lier widow's cap awry, John Stonn told him self that everything was for the best. The last link with Glory -was broken! Thank God for that! lie might go on with his work now and need think of lier no more! Tliat day he called at Clement's inn. The Garden House was a pleasant dwel ling, fronting on two of its sides to the gar den of the ancient inn of court and cosily furnished with many curtains ami rugs. The Cockney maid who answered the door wns familiar in a moment, nnd during the short passage from the hall to the floor above, she communicated many things, licr name was Liza; she had heard him preach; he had made her cry; "Alias Gloria had known her former mistress, and Air. Drake linil got licr the present place. There was a Round of laughter from the. drnwingroom. It was Glory's voice. When the door opened she was standing in the: middle of the floor in a black dress and with ; a pale face, but her eyes were bright, and sho was laughingly merrily. She stopped when John Stonn entered, nnd looked eon-j fused and ashamed. Drake, who was loung ing on tho couch, rose and bowed to him, I and Aiiss Alacquarrje, who wns con-ecting long slips of printer's proofs at n desk by tlie window, enme forward and welcomed him. Glory held his hand with her long hand clasp, and looked steadfastly into his eyes. Iiis face twitched, and her own blushed deeply, and then she talked in a nervous and jerky way, reproaching him for his neglect of lier. "I have been busy," he began, and then Btopqed with a sense of hypocrisy. "I n.can worried and tormented, and then stopped again, for Drake had dropped Ins head. . She laughed, though there wns nothing to laugh at, and proposed tea, rattling nlong in broken sentences that were spoken with n tremulous trill, which had a suggestion ot tears behind it. "Shall I ring for ten, Rosa? Oh, you have rung for tea! Ah, here it comes! Thank you, Liza! Set it here." seating herself. "Now, who says the 'girl ? Remember?" and then more laugh ter. (To he Continued.) 