SAVING TllH FARILL. By CHARLES B. LEWIS (.Nt. QUAD.) After 20 years hard labor and rigid economy mny Uncle Dan, who was a farmer in Story county, Ia, found him self about to be sold out on mortgage. It's that way with some men, you know. They may work as hard as they will, but things grow worse instead of better. I was there on a visit one October day when the holder of the mortgage called to say : I am scrry for you, Dan Curtis, but I've given you the best show I could. I know how hard you have worked, and I know how hard it'll come for you to be turned off. but I can't afford to lose my money. Von owe me, principal and in terest, Soo dol. I could have foreclosed six months ago, but I was in hope some thing would turn up. I'm going to give rou another month. If you can't raise the money, I'll have :o take the farm." Two or three days later it was decided to make an appeal to a cousin living about 20 miles away, and my Uncle Dan and Aunt Martha set out in the old quill wheel huggy drawn by the family Dobbin to make the journey. As they were ready to start Uncle Dan cast his eyes around and said : " It won't be no use.Martha-I feel it in my bones that it won't." "' Daniel. hey you got done trustin the Lord ?"' asked my aunt, who was a very religious woman. ,, No." " Then drive on and remember that ie works in mysterious ways." My cousin Will and I were left in charge. N-either of us was yet rg years old, and my uncle did not keep any hired help. We put in the day at cutt ing corn, and were doing up the' chores' after supper when 31r. Roberts, the country sheriff, came along and called us out to the highway fence. He asked us if we had seen any strangers passing along the road or skulking through the fields, and went on to relate the par ticulars of a crime which had occured in Hardin county to the north of us two days before. A farmer had not only been robbed of about ;,000o dol. in bonds and cash which he was foolish enough to keep in the house, but in resisting the robbers had been almost killed. There were two men engaged in the crime, and they were supposed to be tramps. The alarm had been souuded so quickly and the pursuit had been so vizorous that the fellows were supposed to have been driven to hide themselves in the fields. The sheriff cautioned us to keep our eyes open, and told us where to give the alarm in case we nade a discovery, and he rode away leaving us in a very unpleasant state of mind. The idea of sleeping in a house which might be visited by the despera does during the night was not to be thought of. The barn was full of fresh hay, and before long we carried out some quilts and made our bed on the mow. There wasn't a do :r in the house which could be locked from the outside and not a window had a catch on it, and if the fellows came they could walk right in. My uncle being a poor man, there wasn't much in the shape of plunder around his house, but as Aunt Martha was a good housewife she had the cellar pretty well stocked with jellies and pre. serves. We reasoned that if the men got into the house it would be to satisfy their hunger, and they would not leave the cellar unvisited. Hanging up in the corn-crib was an old bsartrap which Uncle IDan had become possessed of years before, and we got that down and set it at the bcttom of the stairs. It was a stiff old trap, red with rust, and we had to use a stout lever to spring the hinges down. Uncle Dan and the sheriff and others referred to the trap as 'boy nonsense,' and I don't think we had much faith in it ourselves. It was just fairly dark as we left the house for the barn, and after we got to bed on the hay we talked for an hour or two before looking out of a crevice to see if the house was all right. We looked out on the kitchen part. and while sayving to each other that the murderers were probably 3o miles away altg:t suddenly appeared in the kitchen. The curtains went up, and the barn was not so far away but that we could make out the figures of two men passing to and fro. We must go two males to get word to the sheriff, and we got down from the mow and out doors intending to start right off. We were making.across the barnyard whten Will suggested that we ought first to get a closer look at whoever was in the house. It might be the fugitives, or it might be neighbours who had some word for us. After a bit we began approaching the house, and when we had crawled up among the cabbages in rear of the kitchen we had a pretty good view of what was going on inside. We had made a supper of bread and butter and cold meat, with a pitcher of milk to drink. There was plenty left, and we had not cleared away the dishes. There were two men in the room, and they shoved back from the table just as we looked in. From the first glimpse of the men we knew them to be the criminals, but in stead of hurrying away we waited to see what they would do. They must have been sure that there was no one at home, for they took things very coolly. As they shoved back from the table one of them rose up and took down the family shears, which hung on a nail under the clock shelf, and he put in the next to minutes clipping off his com panion's hair and beard. Both had long hair and more or less beard and were as tough looking fellows as you woumd find in a month's travel. It was turn about the clipping process, and when they had finished we could hardly believe themn to be the same two men. Only candles were used in the ho.se, and they had lighted only one up to this time. A second dip was now brought out of the pantry, and one of the pair used it to go up stairs. He was gone about to minutes, and when he returned he had a hat, a cap, two coats and other things belonging to Uncle Dan's wardrobe. They made use of the clothes as far as they would go to rehabilitate themselves, while they made a bundle of what they cast offand placed it on a chair to take away. Will and I dared not approach nearer than so feet to the window, and therefore caught only a word nowand then of the conversation, and that was pretty sure to be a oath. They must have argued that they were pretty safe from pursuit, as they took their time about every thing and seemed entirely at home. When they had made the change of clothes, I thought they would be offanl I wanted Will to come along and give the alarm, but he whispered in my ear: 'I don't believe they'll go without something more to cat, and I want to see how the beartrap works.' I don't know whether tne fellows hun gered for more supper or wanted food to take away with them, but three minutes after Will had spoken one of them was rummaging through the pantry, and the other was on his way down cellar. lie halted in the door and snuffed and sniffed as if he smelled the p-eserves, and as he started to descend the stairs he said something to his com panion which we could not catch. though we saw his lips moving and a grin on his face. That grin couldn't have lasted over r5 seconds. I expect the fellow must have held his candle in such a way as to cast a shadow on the beartrap raiting for him, for he stepped fairly into it as he reached the bottom of the stairs. \'e were holding our breaths when we got the signal, and the signal was a series of yells which made the air curl. The fellow up stairs had just come out of the pantry with the tea canister in his hand, and the yells almost lifted him out of his old shoes. Instead of going to the assistance of his companion he dashed for the door. and as he came out and rushed away in the darkness he passed within five feet of us. There was a creek running across my uncle's farm, and at a certain spot it widened out and flowed over a bed of quicksand. This spot was fenced off to keep the stock away. When the man came running out, we thought he was after us, and while he took one direc tion we flew in another and had gone half a mile before we realised that he was not pursuing us. We were skulking back to the house when we heard shouts and yells from the direction of the creek, and when we had crept up to the fence we made out a man struggling in the quicksand. The fear that he would get out prevented us from revealing our presence, and as we neared the house we expected to find that the other one had released him self from the trap. He hadn't accom plished the feat, however. He had been caught by the right leg, with the jaws of the trap gripping just below the knee, and the first we heard of him as we crept up to the open door he was trying to get up the cellar stairs. He was t5 minutes in accomplishing this, and the way he did curse and take on was something awful. There was a light on the kitchen table, and we could see him plainly. He backed up the stairs drawing the trap after him, but on reaching the kitchen the pain took all the pluck out of him, and he laid down and cried like a boy taking a switching. When we saw that he was pretty safely captured, we started off to arouse the sheriff and an hour later were back with that officer and two of his deputies. The fellow down at the creek was uttering a yell occasion ally, while the victim of the'beartrap had managed to get outdoors and was trying to force the jaws open with the axe. It he had whimpered under the pain an hour before, he made up for it now by defying the officers. They didn't want to shoot him, and he kept them at bay with the axe, crippled as he was, until the sheriff finally knocked him over with a club. It took a good half hour to release the trap, and the fellow's tongue kept going all the time. Whlien we got the lantern and went down to see the situation of the other prisoner, we found that he had sunk in the quicksand up to his armpits and then rested, probably because his feet striking a log or stone. He wasn't suffering any bodily pain, though his teeth were chattering with cold, but he was as safely caught as if he had a beartrap on each foot. Instead of being defiant he was inclined to ioke. When lie learned that his comrade had been caught in a trap, he laughed heartily and added: '"The old snoozer who owns this farm must keep a regular assortment of bhartraps and quicksands and boys and sheriffs around here. It has all conme about on account of Bill's stomach. He ate 'nuff for any two men and then wanted more. I told him not to go down cellar, but he said he smelled something good and was bound to git it. He got it, and now I hope he feels a heap better. Maybe he blames me fur not stoppin to see what was the matter, but from the way he yelled I thought he'd been grabbed by 40 ghosts.' If you have an idea that the man ought to have worked himself clear of the sands, let me tell you that we had to make a platform of rails and then get a stout rope utinder his arms and haul him out an inch at a time. It was over two hours before we landed him, and he was then so used up that we had to carry- himn to the house. Aunt Martha's kitchen presented a beautiful spectacle when daylight came. The fellow caught in the trap had los: con siderable blood, and the other one was covered with slime and mud, and with the rest of us tracking around and sloshing about it seemed as if hog killing time had arrived. The sheriff readily identified the two men as the perpetrators of the crime in Hardin county. The one called Bill denied the accusation, but the quicksand veteran reproved him for lying and added : ' William, old boy, don't be so vulgar as to make a common liar of yourself. We didn't know that the man had any bonds until we saw him handling them, and we shouldn't have hurt him in the least if he hadn't been so pig headed. Luck is agin us, William. \We shall go over the road fur this, but let us go as gentlemen.' The fellows had been removed to jail, and Will and I had finished mop ping the kitchen and setting things to right when uncle and aunt drove up. Tney had failed to raise a dollar, and Aunt Martha burst into tears as she got out of the old baggy at the gate. The story of our acventure put a different look to matters, as you may believe. There was a reward for those robbers and if Will and I haid not earned it who had ? We were willing to give the sheriff something, but the bulk of it certainly belonged to us. It took the old folks about an hour to get it through their heads, but when it had finally been made plain Aunt Martha burst into tears again and sobbed : 'Boys, do you know what ailed me when we drove up to the gate? For just about a minute I lost my faith in the Lord, and yet this surprise was waiting for me, and our troubles had all been cleared away.' There was a reward of a,ooo dol. for the criminals, who received long terms in prison; and of this Uncle Dan got 700 dol. Later on the man who had been robbed presented him with 30o dol. But this was not all the good luck. Down cellar, 3 or 4 weeks after the capture of the men, my aunt found a bundle of legal papers which the trapped robber had thrown away. They were deeds and contracts and notes of hand which had been stolen from a man in Des Moines, and h: insisted on Uncle Dan accepting 2oo dol. as a present for their return. The mortgage was not only cleared off :he farm in due time, but Aunt .Mattha was given money enough to buy a new bonnet- her first in fifteen years. Uncle Dan felt so rich that he wanted to invest in a silver watch, but when he timidly broached the subject to his wife she rose up and replied : ' Dan'l Curtis, don't you think of such a thing ! After all that Providence has done for us you want to walk around as meek and humble as a cat and be mighty thankful that we've even got a kitchen clock to tell the time o' day by.' 