THE DEVIL'S HEAD. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. By J. FITZGERALD MOLLOY. (Author of "an excellent knave." "how came he dead," "a justified ' sinner," "on wheels of fire," "the most gorgeous lady ble3- sington," "the life and adventures of peg woffing- ton," &e..; &c.; . COPYRIGHT. \' chapter xxvii.-farewell. That evening whilst (her husband and her guests were sitting at dinner, Oriana, ex hausted and miserable, lay on a couch in the shaded light of her sitting-room, unflinch ingly facing the situation ibefore her. The first hours of horror ' and bewilder- ment on learning of her mother's disease, were now succeeded by that calm which arises from despair, during will eh she re viewed her past and examined herself, as iC she would gauge how far the dread ma lady had eaten into her life. . She remembered that even whilst at school she had suffered in a subtle way unexpe rienced by her companions. What had lightly passed by them had affected iher sensitive temperament. Unknown to, and unsuspec ted by those around, she had dwelt In a world of her own that was convulsed by wild ambitions and extraordinary desires, or made gloomy by depression for whicn there seemed no cause. Emotion and imagination had played in ordinate parts in her inner life. She had been subjected' to apprehension so vague as to be nameless, yet so vivid as to be un endurable. .The Iheart-lone.liness that makes existence a waste- had always been hers. She saw now she had never been as others. Fear or pain had for -ever darted between her and her keenest pleasures, poisoning them when she would enjoy. She had been haunted by a spectre whose - name she did not know until now; a spectre that (had goaded iher to bitterness and rebellion, that had inspired her with desperate thoughts; that had forced her to acts she was unable to control. She had been cursed from birth. By the light her new-gained knowledge cast on her past she judged of her feelings towards Rigel —of 'the fascination she had felt for one who had never sought to win her affection; her fierce longing for his love; her intense jealousy; the avowal she had felt compelled to make; her fears lest she might be unable to keep the secret of what she believed was his guilt. She had frequently looked back upon the midnight scene in the guard- room as upon a hideous nightmare; its recollection had made her burn with humiliation; had made her turn with repugnance from herself. To-day she thought with some touch of self-pity, it was perhaps the knowledge that she never could really know what happiness was, that had made her- so desperately anxious to rea lise it at any cost. Here was the growth of that disease more -terrible than death. What fault was hers she should suffer fiom this horrible tain-t; that she should have been doomed from birth to struggle in darkness? Was there after all, truth in the philosophy that taught that we suffer in this'life for the sins committed in a previous existence? In what other way could the wiongs endured by the innocent, the mala dies and miseries that are the lot of many stainless men and women from the cradle to the grave, be accounted for? What poor creatures we were, groping our painful way through darkness, understand ing ourselves so little, understanding those nearest to us less— each a riddle to the other. For ever and for ever there broke upon her mind, as might waves upon a beach, the horror of her Incurable malady. To be dog ged by this hideous, menacing shape — not to know what terror the future might produce, what calamity its darkness cloaked— was un endurable. In that direction lay her cruel lest fear. . Nor was lier dread for herself alone, but because of him who was dearer to her than life — whose life she bad spoilt. He had not hesitated to sacrifice himself for her, and now that a more pressing need for sacrifice on her part arose, would she hesi tate to spare him the endurance of a tra gedy that might be spread over years; to c. set him free from the bondage of such a mind less wreck as she might become any day — any hour? \- Then whilst dwelling on this terrible thought she pictured to herself what might have been were she as others, and could have won and held bis love for her own. That would have been heaven itself. Now her sense of loss and pain were such as are associated with hell. , To part with him would be a violent heait- wrench.for he was the one thing in the world to which she clung; but if only for his sake, if only to preserve his unborn children from an inheritance of darkness and despair, she must go-hence. Once dts necessity appeared clear to her she did '(not flinch from this idea— she did not flinch from facing the unknown. But in mercy to herself she resolved that it must soon be carried out! for every moment be tween this and her last would be a separate agony, because of the knowledge thiat with the passing of each, the time she could be near htm grew shorter and brought her closer to a parting that might be eternal. (So She lay there thinking out tbe details her intended departure, whilst those below, unconscious of t'he tragedy she planned, ate, drank, and made merry; all but one, the doctor, who alone was aware of the know ledge that had come to her, of the darkness that engulfed her. It was ihe who soon after dinner tapped at the door, and on being bid den to enter sat down beside hert . "I would .not let Sir 'Rigel come up," he said. "I was afraid he might disturb you-." Oriana made no reply, and Blckersteth, little suspecting how she hiated him for keep ing away her husband, continued, as be felt her pulse: "You are much calmer, much better." 'T shall be much more rested when I have slept," she answered. "That's right; you must be brave," the doc tor said, sympathetically. "I am going to be very brave," she replied. At that he felt pleased, said he would make up a sleeping draught, which he would send her, and suggested that she should retire early. . In the morning it seemed plain to him she bad decided to maintain her promise of be ing brave, for she oame down to breakfast unexpectedly, whilst Lady George, Rigel and himself were at the table. They greeted her with pleasure, and assured her she looked well. Blckersteth accused himself of being an alarmist, and in the same breath excused 'himself for being the same, stating it was one of Oie tricks of his trade to magnify an illness, that the patient's recovery might ad vertise his doctor's skill. Oriana, who felt as might some poor for lorn ghost that had wandered (bock amongst the living whom it loved, was pleased by her welcome— such a welcome as she would .never again receive. "For my part, I am doubly glad you (are able to be down to-day," said Lady George, ".for I fear I shall have to leave you to-mor row." "To-morrow?" repeated Oriana, thinking of whiat might happen before then. "Yes, and you wcv.ld never guess why" "There's a man at the bottom of this,' sta ted the doctor, with mock gravity. "Why, of course there is," she answered, briskly. "I knew it," said Blckersteth, triumphant ly. "Perhaps," Lady George remarked) "you will think me a foolish womant" "I can only think of you as a delightful wo man." "If only he would," she answered, "But I do, I swlear it," replied the scien tist. "I wasn't thinking of you, doctor." "Then of whom else, pray?" he asked, in playful indignation. "My husband-. I had a letter from him this morning." "How indiscreet." "He is going down to Grantham Hall, where his father la very ill, and be wants me to go with him just to keep up appear ances before the Duke, who has old-fashion ed notions about married life and who may leavie us something handsome." "And you will desert us for that man?" exclaimed the doctor, with an assumption of reseinitment. "Yes; I am to play the part of a devoted wife. It will be almost as funny as acting In amateur theatricals In a back drawing- room," replied Lady George, gaily. - "Ah the deceit of the woman," sighed the doctor. „ "Now I will tell you one of my secrets, said Ladv George, confidentially. "Tell me many. I . delight in scandal, Blckersteth replied. , . "I have always been In love with my bus- band." ' "How preposterous." "Pray don't tell anyonle It would make me seem so ridiculous; especially to him, if ever he heard of it." , j "The Duke is very old," said Rigel. "Yes; but although he is ninety he hasn t yet consented to die," Lady George answer- ed"Feople only consent to aie when it's no longer possible to live Blckersteth - r "oriana rose and turned sently the guests went out on the terraces, Rigel said to his wife. "So you are really better to-day. "Yes, but I am yet very nervous, and I want you to stay with me all diay for that would comfort me above all things, said Oriana, pleadingly. ' . „ . "I will do whatever you please, he an swered, gracious as ever. "Ah, how good you are to me, she said, tears rushing to her eyes, tears she was un able to restrain. . , , , _ He took one of ber hands b.ls own, saying: "Don't upset yourself, dear. "You will let me keep near you all day, for that will give me strength," she per- slsted. "Yes " he answered, humouring her, we shall spend the diay together; all to our- S<Tlfough he did not love her be knew that her unquestioning devotion was sueh as few men ever receive, and though he could not return it, his gratitude amounted to affec tion, and led him to repay her by unfailing kindness, by considerate tenderness. "Your aunt and Lady George lare going to call on some people in the afternoon; she said, "and I will ask my father to take Dr. Blckersteth for a ride, so that after lunch we shall be all alone. Then you will come and drinlc tea In my boudoir, and I will talk to you." "About what?" he asked, wonderingly. "About ourselves. And now I will come with you to the library, where I will write a note asking my father to lunch with us." And talcing his arm she led him from the breakfast room. , On reaching the library she went to one of the windows and looked with sad eyes on the scene before her. Under the Influence of this spring day the whole earth seemed to renew its youth, to luxuriate In the sun, to promise delight. 4 . . . It seemed strange 'to remember she once hated the sight of these peaceful valleys and the ramparts of those eternal mountains, beautiful now . in the lights and shadows playing on their rugged slopes; in the clear outlines of their heights defined against the pale blue of the horizon. Never had the pros pect seemed so peaceful, never so fascinating as when she was about to close her eyes to it for ever. A dull aching pain struck at the nerves of her brain; she felt suddenly faint, and turn ed to the table where Rigel wub already at work. «: The time between breakfast and lunch went by so rapidly that Oriana pictured death Btridlng forward with cruel baste to claim her. With her eyes on the clock she counted the hours left her. and again and again she asked Rigel questions, Interrupting him in the writing of his letters, that she might hear his voice, and meet his eyes, for soon she would be deaf and blind to him. At lunch Lady Trontham asked that the carriage might be ordered for her at 3. She wished to call on the Langwelyns, who lived seme six miles away. Lady George was to aoompany her, Oriana having excused her self. Her father and Doctor Blckersteth had arranged to ride to Tyn-y-Groes. Rigel de clared he would remain at home. "So that you two young people will he left alone like Bob and Joan," said Lady George. "It is better that Oriana should rest," re marked the Countess, "and besides she will miss nothing in not paying this visit; for these people are as dull as their pedigree is long. They will be terribly respectable, arid extremely fatiguing." "How I wish I could give tlhem a skipping- rcpe performance," said Lady George. "Wouldn't it wake them?" "My dear, it would scare them." Whilst her aunt and Lady George were preparing for their drive, Oriana went into the rooms on the ground floor, pausing to look round each vast apartment, and to note objects 'that had always given her special pleasure. In one of the drawing-rooms were seme presents Rigel had bought for her whilst on their honeymoon, quaint objects of art picked up in Italian towns. These she touched with tenderness, remembering the day and hoiir of 'their purchase, a whole picture of each telrctfmstance rising against its foreign background, he the centre of all —he who was then1 and now as the core of her heart. Amongst them was a string of amlber beads most, curiously carved, which the vendor had described as an amulet. Rigel (had fancied It, and had wound It round her wrist, She .took It from Its porcelain bowl, kissed it, and colled it about her arm. It would remain there until the end, ' . As she closed t'he door of each, rooma she said good-bye to It, wondering if at any fu ture time the conscious self that surely sur vived 'the body's deiath might be able to return and flit through them, a sorrowful phantom looking on. the living, to whom it would be unable to make known Its presence. The sound of voices in the great hall reach ing her she hurried there to find her father, Dr. Blckersteth and Rigel. The horses were already at the door, and the riders ready to mount. "Good-bye, dear," her father said, as after Ills usual fashion at leaving her, he lightly brushed her cheek with 'his lips. She surprised him. by taking his fresh round fiace between iher hands and kissing him repeatedly and affectionately. "Good-bye, father; good-bye, and take care of yourself," she managed to say, bdfore a sob choked her. He was across his horse In another mo ment, his high voice talking to his companion as they rode down the avenue. He had never understood her, never been in sym pathy with her, but she knew he was fond of her, and this parting was hard to bear. It would hiave been harder If she did not know that grief could never long Impress his vola tile nature — If she did not believe 'her de parture now would save him keener pain- by and bye. A few minutes later the Countess and (Lady George came downstairs. "I am afnald," said the former, "I am. the most unpunctual person In the world. I meant to 'have started a quarter of an hour ago. Now, Oriana, have a nice rest while I tam away." "Yes, I will be certain to take a good rest." alien, au revoir, my dear," said Lady (Trentham. Oriana looked at her ios if she would for ever fix that sweet and gentle face In her mind, and then bending forward, kissed her tenderly with a lciss Lady Trentham ever remembered — a kiss that afterwiaads 'seemed to her like that of death. - Through a mist of tears Oriana saw her and Lady George being taken to the carriage by 'Rigel. By the time he returned she had suf- iiS y recovered to compose herself to say: I am going to my boudoir now. You will ? ,,Lon& dear- before you corse and drink tea with me?" - 'T shall be with you In half an hour," he replied. "Be sure you are punctual " she siald, with an attempt at playfulness, as heavy of (heart she turned away. CHAPTER XXVIII.— -FAREWELL. Wheal Rigel joined Oriana he found her seated in a deep chair comfortably drawn by -the hearth, a tea-table beside her. Al though, there was daylight outside the cur tains were drawn, and the room lit by yel low wax candles, arranged so as to leave her in shadow; save when now ana then tihe flickering red flames of the wood fire cast their reflection on her face. She looked uip quickly as he entered, an Impatient longing in her face, and in her eyes such burning love as would have ap pealed to him could he have seen. She made tea, going through the task as carefully and mechanically as if she were not concern ed in a tragedy that had even then begun. Presently he became accustomed to the faint light of thle room, and to the slight pungent odour he believed to rise from the pine wood burning in the grate, which in duced a feeling of drowsiness. Once when he suddenly turned to address Oriana, her face seemed to assume a terrific aspect, ap pearing as a ghastly greenish, mask from which flaming eyes looked out in mockery: but as he started, this weird, instantaneous illusion disappeared, his movement enabl ing him to see from another angle the pa thetic pallor and sombre calmness .of her countenance. For all -that, the terror Ills imagination had pictured sent a thrill through him; and the old subtle feeling of dread so often experi enced in the past, but almost forgotten, since his marriage, returned. "You have something to tell me," he said, subduing a strange uneasiness that seized him; something about ourselves." i "A great deal," answered Oriana, slowly and thoughtfully. "But you must forgive me If it seems painful, for it will be the last time I will touch on it, I promise." "Why speak of a painful subject?" he ask ed, still more disturbed by her words, and by her voice with its undertones of pathos. "Have you never felt that there are times when one must speak, happen what will?But perhaps it Is only I and such as I am that feel that impulse. Rigel, let me tell how grateful I am that you sacrificed yourself to save my honour, and that you have never once referred to it since." "Let me beg of you " he began, anxious to spare her. . . "Your silence was as noble as your action, she Interrupted. "It was noble; it; was one. of those things no woman could forget. Tell me honestly if in your heart you have for given me for the occurrence of that night? "There is no need for forgiveness," he an- swered. "There is. there is," she replied with agi tation. "Tell me the truth, no matter how painful it may be. Tell me the truth. Have you forgiven me?" "Then if there is, or was anything to for give, I have forgiven it long ago,' he re plied, his pity for her Increasing. She sighed profoundly, as if relieved, of a burden. "I will tell you something that will ex plain it presently," she said, glancing at the clock on the mantelpiece. "Something that will make you sorry for me." Her words impressed him, and the heavy silence succeeding 'them seemed full of gloom. "One never knows what may happen," she began again. "But supposing I were to die. I hope you would remember me sometimes, not reproachfully, for I could not bear that. I may then be in pain, who knows, but your pity, your sympathy, would be sure to reach and comfort me, no matter where I was." "Oriana " "Listen," she exclaimed, starting, a strain ed 'expression on her face, "Have you heard It?" "I heard nothing." "Not the tower-bell?" "No," he answered, perplexed by the strange look of alarm in her eyes. "I remember," she said, after a pause, "the first time I saw you. I was walking through the shrubbery and you were in the park. You did not see me. You wore a lccsely-knitted tie under a turned-down col lar. I couldnt' forget you for hours after wards, 'though I didn't think then — some days later you came to dinner. "What a long time ago — years." "Not yet eighteen months," he answered. "Some people count time by days and months, but I count it by what it has held for roe, by what I have felt; so It really Is many years since first we met." A sudden shudder passed through 'her from ihead to foot. She covered her fiace with her hands, and moaned slightly. "You are ill?" Rigel said In alarm, "No, no, I am merely cold." "The room is warm." "I fancy I caught a chill last night whilst standing at the window looking iat the moon. iShe was coming to the full, and a train of black clouds passed her slowly and sorrow fully like a funeral procession. There is the bell again. You surely heard it then?" "No, it's merely your fancy, " "The last time it toiled was for (Philip. It was in 'the early morning. I remember It came floating down the valley, and every stroke fell upon ally heart. I suffered ter ribly." "For God's sake, Oriana, don't think of such things," he implored, tan undefined, un canny feeling creeping over him and freez ing his blood. "There is something I have to tell you," she murmured. "I must not delay it longer, for it might then be too late." ".What is it?" toe asked, dreading what he might hear. "My mother was mad; she died mad." (to be continued.) Tho favourite steamer Newcastle will leave the Market-street wharf at 2 o'clock sharp to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, affording ex cursionists a splendid opportunity of enjoying a delightful ocean trip of about 20 milts, and viewing nbout seven miles of unsurpassed river scenery, reaching Sydney on return about 7 o'clock. The return fare is oply 2s, and first-class tea can be obtained on board for Is. 