OUR QUIRINDI LETTER. [By' Harold M, Mackenzie.] 'The curse of credit hangs over the country,' wns tbe remark that a thinking man made to me in the street the other day, ' Even in this email tow n of Quirindi,' ha continued, ' there are thou sands of pounds owing to people, who will bo very lucky if thoy ever Bee thoir money, I know of one man who has actually as much as JB3030 out, and BmnlL chance, too, of getting it in.' Tho remarks of this individual are, unfortun ately, only too true, Busianinn with thu enormous national debt of Australasia, which for tbe size of its population, is out of all proportion, despite a young country und valuable assets, and tben run ning down the whole gamut of the social com munity, including squatters, merchants, miners, ship-owners, butchers, bakers, and candle-stick tnukere, wo find that all, more or lens, ore struggling in a pea of despair with that weighty millstone round their necks called debt. Twenty years ago Australia, so far as squntters-bankB are concerned, were unknown and mortgages the exception rather thnn tbo rule, whereas' in this year of (die) graoo, we find that the Bquatter who is not saddled ? with a mortgage is a rara avis indeed. Taking the pastoral question in a broad sense, it may be safely conjectured that in New South Wales there are something like 1000 stations, and out of that num ber it is not too muoh to aver that 050, at the pre sent time,' are in the hands of financial institutions, and very many without a ghost of a chance of over clenring themselves. The long headed English capitalist saw a. grand field for his' surplus money wben be backed up institutions like the Now Zea land Loan and Mercantile Agency Co , the Aus tralian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Co., and many others — institutions that now practically own niuG-tontha of pastoral Australia. The squatter, of oounse, has but himself to blume for making a con venience not wisely but too well, of those cash roeorvoirs whenever it suited his purpose in dayB, admittedly, when freehold land in Buch remote dis tricts hb Bout ko and Wilonnnia was valued, per chance, at between two and three pounds per acre, and fine merino wool was bringing in tho London market as much as 1b per lb. Tho squatter' had great hopeB tben of not only paying his 8 or 9 per cent, inter»st- regularly on his large overdraft, but was confident in a fow yearB at moBt of refunding theborrowedcapital. What disastrous chan«eB Binca then have brought irreparable financial ruin ! The majority of squatters, in these days, find themselves in little better position than working overseers for thn great octopus-like institutions, whose yearly dividends are tho swear, grime, and mental worry of the unfortunate mortgagors, Tbe petition ia pathetio enough, when we coma to consider that wool and frozen muafc are the baok-bnne, so to speak, of this large continent, and if tha day ahould ever come when a mighty meat combination, suoh aB Mr, Hooley , proposes, ia established, then the unfortunate producer will rivet one moro strong link in the financial chain of servitude. In a minor degree, though none thn Iqbb to bo deplored, the aama improvident spirit of borrowing infeuta the whole community. Littlo children, even, noon bucome familiar with the cursed prin oiplofl of credit, whoso parents, rather than faoe the situation themselves, send these young boys and girls .to tho nearest store, 'or w.horever they can ' run up' an account, with the injunction, that the price of goods purohased is ' to be pud down,' Oould any easier method for putting wrong ideas into a ohild's mind be davioed than this P By obtaining credit,, so long' , as the storekeeper is '.? ptnuBed to allow it, tho family each d»y sinks deeper and deeper into the mire of debt, then suddenly, one day, tbe butcher and the baker refuse any morn, likewise tbe .rent collector, who threatens immediate evictmsnt, and so on with every other cIbbb of oreditor, From that moment peace and happiness are ntrnngers in the family oirolo, and the rnillston* of debt drags them completely undnr, The badly brought-up children are then allowed to roam at large, tbo Btreets very often being their home, nntil, as a natural soquonce, the police court olaims them, With a little strength of mind, and a determination, to purohaso nothing, uoluss an equivalent in oanh value be forthooining, would bo tho means of causing less misery and hatred in the oountry, but bo long aB this mental disease continues, tbo curse of oredit will continue to hang like a pall over the whole community. Years ago when reading with an Oxford ' ooach' in a quiet Sussex village, tlio good old man said to ma tho first day I arrived, ' Mackenzie, avoid debt, not as an inoonvenienoo, but as a calamity, whioh makes all virtues difficult and some impoBBible. Tbe terms debtor and liar are synonymous I' The wholesome piece of advioe, boing thon at a very impreoBionablo age, went right home to me, and whatever happiness hap followed in after years, has, in a groat measure, boon duo to paying oasn ror , everything or else going without it, People if they try will find how much there ia in life that oan bo easily dispensed with, but, unfortanately, they don't try. It aeams that Quirindi is now beooming a butt for humourists Binoe tho street lamps havo beon extinguished. Only last wsok wo had a visit from a representative of an English Gab Co., who said that he was prepared to give as all we wanted, in the shape of light, if the Municipal Oounoil would provide twenty lamps as thoir quota. He folt con fident that be would receive sufiolant support from thn townepoopla to make the scheme pay, Bab tha Bogllahuian was not received with open arms by the Oounoil or uuyono.elao, who, vulgarly apeak in?, wore ' nob taking any,' I am sadly afraid our ' baok-btock' townsmen neither wish for light mentally or physically, and therefore, except whan the moon shinea, Quirindi, at night, is like thu Roman CataaimbB. A great change, if wo do not all die in tlio mean time, will come over -Quirlmii fche flrafc week in Aunuat, tho propoaud oarniral pro mlelnu to outshlno any of its prodneossors. The progrnnVme for ' polo week' 1b now being arranged by tho committee, and will continue with unabated fury for tbrco oonxooutlve days (2nd, 8rd, and '4th of August). Tho battle with mallets nnd balls on the firut day will be botweon a Sydnoy toam, oom priding Messrs. A, Dodds, 0. 0. Stephen, 0. B, Fairfax, and Onptnia Sloine-Stanluy, A.D.O., aud the invlnoiblo Tamarangs, On that data, also,' a nmtoh will bo played between thu 2nd Tamurangn and Quirindi. On the seaoud day, n Gymkhana h»B been arranged, 'which, for the majority of onlookeis, generally proves vory interesting and amusing, The last day baa been Rot apnrh for a sorfoB of polo matches ; so that, takan altogethor, qulot Qulriudl will avrako to goMoiouenoBB, I mutt nob oraib to mnutiou that a ball will be held in tho Oddfellows' Hall on 2nd Auguab (the first day), an affair wbioh is usually managed in good style by tho oommifcfcoo. ? : Polo ia' a gamo, howovor, whioh, from ita oxpon* bIvo naturo, can only be indulgod in by a fow, as ponios must be woll trained and uaod for no other purposo, if a rider wishes to booomo aw fail, To tha onlookore, racing and tearing, after a small bull with a mallet, which, vory often, benpeaka moro foroo than ' judgmont, growa vary monotonous, for tbo reason that good— really good— playora aro quitn tha exception. I have sunn Bomo 'polo plftynra' who oan Boarooly »it straight in thoir saddle!) .when running down'. a kangaroo, yofc those Haino in'clWldu«lB will enter tho polo arena with a 'oook BuronoBd' amuninc; to wltnosa, Thoy, aB a ruin, aureor madly about, gntting in tho way of thoir own sldo, oolliding with ovorybody, and ooua alonally ' whacking'* inoffensive pooplo with tholr1 olubs. At Nnrrandora I Baw an oxoallunb playor Knii a blow on the hoad that laid bis okull baro, Thono would-be players want .to bo doinir Bomo thing, that wanb of practise won't onablo thorn to aohiovo, Suoh men aro a standing danger to otlioro, and should bo forpibly rostral nod until tlioy havo lonrnb that it is skill, not bruto foroo, whioh in ro qulroci. ... ?? ?. On Wednesday land, a pigeon matoh, promotod by Mr, A, J. Sw'alo was 'shob off' in Barber's pad doak, and in every roapoot waa a protionnaod buq. 00B9, bo muoh bo, tuat.it Una boon roBolvod to start a gun elub hero without delay, Wo havo some roully good 'shota' in tho town, so that ahowld any plaoo, ' bur' Sydnoyj bo in olfnod to inoofc our looal (earn, lob thorn oomo on, Tho mntoh on WodnpBday was a rnoortl ono as regards aaooptanoua, thoro boing 20 ' ouc of 2B, tho aboentunB being un avoidably provonted from burning up, Tho ahoot ing for ' sweep*' lantod for two boura and n balf, during whioh tho oontosti wau vory InterosMnrf, and tho prlnou, though nob large, woro acceptable onoUKhi At 12,30 p.m. ahootinp far tha nmtoh followod, firatprlr-o money kolng onrrlod off by Mr. J.J Miller j aoaond rnonoy uoing divldod botffoon Messrs.'A. Douglas and P. Donohoe. In view of the last success wo are promised a grand handicap pigeon tnntch (aB per advertisement in Tuesday's Daily and Saturday's Weekly Mercury) on 5th August, first monuy being je20, which should in duce other ' abots' from outuide sources. In case any of tho Went Maitland boys might like to try their Inok, it may be pb well to remind them that entriep, accompanied by last three performances and amount of entry money, must be in tbe handB of the Sec, (Mr. B. Pinnorty) not later than 9 p.m. on Monday, August 2nd, The nomination money is JBI, and Sydney Gun Club,ruleB will be strictly adhered to. Rifle and gun clubs seem to have spread, like influenza, all over the country, the desire to go out and shoot something, even cats and 'possums these bright moonlight 'nights, being Btill very strong within the Anglo Saxon breast. Even WalUbadah, our som nolent neighbour, where everyone thought things, long ago, had loft off happening, has broken out wildly in this line, Builloient namoB having been enrolled to start a rifle club, which dangerous opponent now threatens to crush Quirindi out of existence. Our Municipal Council is quite apathetic as to whether the railway from Radfern ehall bo ex tended through Hyde Park or not. Alderman Olapin moved on Thursday night that the raomber for the district be naked to urge tho Government to extend tbe railway through the city, but the motion lapsed for want of a seconder. What, in heaven's name, will become of the railway now P This is indeed tojj,oruel of you, Quirindi ! Julyl2tb. '# ? 