WIT AND HUMOR. "Freddy.” said the* teacher to Freddy r angle, "you have spell-’cl the word 'rabbit’ with two r's. You must leave one of them out." "Yes. ma’am,’’ re plied Freddy: “which one?" . Old Lady (looking at "deaf • •and j dumb's" placard): My poor man, whati lloes this say? I haven't my glasses, "amp: Please, murn. it says 1 am deaf ¥d dumb, and if vor kin give me a few '.)c’J£>pc-iv. The pupils in a school were asked to Writing tjie difference between iia£a^.'‘ One bov W „ . Showing: “A Dipea has1,1.two-legs and a quadruped has four'legs; therefore the difference between a biped and a quadruped is two legs." "Isn’t it absurd what ideas people in small towns have of large cities?" “Yes; there's .lust one thing more absurd." "What is that?" "The ideas people in large cities have of a small town." • Mamma: "Which do you love most papa or mamma?" Charlie: “l‘ love ] papa most.” "Why, Charlie, I am sur prised at you. I thought you loved me most." “Can’t help it. mamma; we men J have to hold together." . “May I kiss you, Miss Tenspot?’’ asked young Mr Huggins. “Have you ever kissed a girl before?'' asked the young lady. “Never,” ' asseverated the young than. “Then yon may kiss me. I draw line at men who kiss and tell." Watts: The displacement of men by machinery has been something great in recent years. Potts: And it is still going on. Only yesterday .1 was going across the street and found myself dis placed by a bicycle with great pre cipitancy. ■ "What do these letters stand for?” asked a curious wife of her husband, as she looked at .his Masonic seal. “Well, really, my love," he replied, encourag ingly. "I presume it is because they can’t sit down.” She postponed further questioning. New Farmer: I am somewhat of a connoisseur in stock, and I want only such as are young and in good condition. Dealer: Well, buy this drove of year lings. New Farmer: How old are they? One afternoon, a stranger, observing a stream of people entering a church, ap proached a man of gloomy respect, who was standing near the entrance, and asked, “ Is this a funeral," “Funeral, ho;” was the sepulchral answer; “it’s a wedding.” “Excuse me,” added the stranger, “but I thought from your seri ous looks that you might be a hired mourner.” "No,” returned the man with a weary, far-off look in his eyes, “J.’m the son-in-law of the bride’s mother.” The Harlem Histories gave a perform ance a few nights ago. The piece was “Hamlet,” and Gus Sncbberiy played the ghost. Gus expressed his lack of confidence by saving, "Now, Gus, all in voice. Gus saia Iiis level best. When the ghost’s turn came lie spoiled the tragic effect of the whole performance by saying, “I am thy father’s ghost, and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice.” Giihooly: Why don't you propose to Miss Longcoffin? She is dead gone on you, and she is rich besides. Gus de Smith: I would encourage her a little if it wasn’t that she is lame in one long leg. Giihooly: For heaven’s sake, mail, don’t be a pessimist. Don't look at it that way. Gus de Smith: Don't look at what? Giihooly: The' situation, of douse: don’t say that she is lame in one leg, but remember she has one leg she is not lame in. Look on the bright side of things.' De an optimist. 