CORRESPONDENCE. [IWe do not necessarily idntfiy ourselves with the o'inions expressed by our corresfondents ED. L.] "JOTTINGS FROM WEST AUSTRALIA BY AN EX-FOOTSCRAYITE." TO THE EDITOR OF TIlE INDEPENDENT. SLa,-Under the above heading, in your journal of the 20th February, I note a whole column of malignant imbecility, ap parently by some office boy, who, with the aid of a Cole's book of quotations, has got it into his more or less cracked brain that he is a descriptive artist, and trying "his prentice hand" on Perth. He starts with the only lucid observation in his whole tangle of style and language " This is a pretty picture of imagination," so it is, but he gives a clue to the method by which he arrived at his pretty picture of imagination when lie says-" 'Tis a line penned as leaning out of my window," but he conceals the fact that he leaned so far that he saw things upside down. True there are "scores of old FootscRay boys here," the majority of whom spend a lot of time cursing this whited sepulchre, and waxing very, very wroth instead of "waxing fat." Your correspondent be. wails the assumption that "there is no Royal or Court House Hotels here to pop into," but he is evidently still "leaning out of the window," for among the vastly disproportionate number of "shivoo" houses we have both his tearfully re gretted signs. I've been a thynkynge a thynkynge" what hIas been this person's previous position in life that he enthuses so madly and untruthfully over this dust hole, this fever laden sand heap. It is truly a " paradise" for every conceivablo insect under the sun-- qui se resemble s'as semble. How glibly and patronisingly this individual speaks of acquaintances (im aginary or real), and of places where he is alleged to have been, Perhaps "Billy" Schofield has, ere this, itmformed this budding scribe that the strike of car penters, which was "a dead sure success" from his upside down position, was, as a failure, a collossal success, and they all sneaked back, cap ill hand, with many geut!luxions, to their occupations, at the old rate of wages, but most of them were persuaded to leave with the foot prints of hobnail boots on their sit-me downs. ie says, "Discount as utter lies tioo statements sent to tno Lastern Colonies that this colony is over-run with workmen." Why ! if this irresponsible twaddler could, by any process of imagin ation, be regarded seriously, he would be branded by nine-tenths of the population as a [several adjetives] or an ama teur and hireling inkslinger in the pay if a "shindekit " of office sharks, or penniless adventurers who pose as employers. As a fact, there are (not hundreds) but thous ands out of employment in this colony, and enduring 'unspeakable privations rather than 'let it be thoughtl;they are "failures." The fictitious gold mining industry, upon which the alleged pros perity of this colony is based, is dying fast and good practical miners are literally starying, the miners are already becoming demonstrative in their need, and rather than this should become known to the much swindled British Investor, the more clamotous of the miners are getting their railway fares paid down to Perth. The building trade, which is a consequence of the impudent and blatantly reported gold finds, is suffering, also numbers of good men in the building trade cannot find a job, and when they do it is for a few days only, the majority of those tradesmen not connected with the building trade, never have had the ghost of a show, not even during the few months of last year, when the mouse, magnified into an elephant, and grandiloquently christened '" Boom" existed. In short, the only man (what ever trade he may be) with a permanent I job, is the man who is looking for work. SMuch as I despise the author of that remarkable epistle, I will still offer him a Sword of advice-Don't " lean out the window " so far, it is exceedingly -dangerous. SYours, etc., c 4/3/97, ONE or THE ". Foois." 