THE SQUATTER'S DAUGHTER: S. llaroeld J1 . Meael.enzie (corrooser nrsivn]a.) CnArrna XVI. z orrnai He knew Mis tlorthwick and Maruts to be fast friend', but whether he could make a confidante of the former he was not anxious to try. So making someo o mark as to the next dance beginning, led her into the ball room again. After what Eric had heard, he felt there and than an inclination to seek the open air; to get anywhere from this gay laughing crowd, which was whirling be. fore him. The music seemed to shout at him like some mocking thing ;the faes, Itowers,and everything, in fact, that gave life to the smane, only seemed the more to add to his misery. To lere fot Timboom at oneto was the 6nt thought that occurred to him, but this he felt might bring him into notice. No. he irould, at least, remain till the morning and then make up his mind. As these reflections were curaing swiftly through his mind, he caught sight of Misu M.anton. " Are you dancing this I" he said, huto riedlr. "No, but what on earth has made you loik eo pale, have you oeen a ghost t' Without a wordl, ha pare her his arm, and led her for away to the corner of an apartment which ihad been tastefully do cnrated with flowers. " Here we can talk in peace," he said. ")My worst apprreensions are fulfilled if Misu Iarthwick's statement proves true. Everything has been in vrain. " Well, tell me quickly," exrlaimed Miu lManton, "It's too horrible to think of. Muriel Grey is to marry another. God help the cursed woman who penned that letter." Iti voice became thick as he uttered the words, and Mliss Manton seeing his emotion gently placed her hand on hisi sleeve saying. "Do not believe all till you have such proof as may convince you. Much as I believe Miss Iorthwick to be a truthful girl there may yet be something to alter circumstances." "You were ever hopeful," said Eric, "but she has convinced me. Why, she heard it from Muris's own lips in Lou. don." Further discussion of the subject was useless just then, strive as Mis Manton did to bring balm to his wounded feelings. She thought it better to leave him quate alone for the present, so when her partner came to claim his dance she arose, and with a gentle word of reassurance went out into the bright light of the ball room. Erie never stirred the live long evening from where he had thrown himself. The music came and went as some tireless thing laughing at his misery. The dowers around him were drooping and dead from the heat of the rooms, and his soul within him felt no less weary. The one overwhelming grief of his life had u completely stunned him u the fall which he had received in the Squatters' Cup. Ont the dawn of the next day he made preparations for his return to Timboore. lie could no longer stand the thoughts of races, dances, or anything else, and wanted to be quite alone. Alone with his thoughts, which, distracting as they were, seemed easier to bear than when mixing with a throng of pleasunre-loving psople. As he rode slowly along on his way to the station, never did weary wanderer r,'turning from the hardships and perils of campaign appear more completely broken down. h'ow that strength had returned, and life seemed pleasant for him again another blow had befallen him. Ievengo was beginning to rise in his proud sature for the first time. lie oold have forgiven Mrs. Fordyce even had tMuriel once more been restored to him. lut now that this last gleam of hope seemned to be fading in the distance he cied aloud for vengeance, at all events, that lIe should stand before Murlel a ?,ttltle.s and honorable man, that she sh ould hear from his own lips what vile hand had torn their love asunder. " Would it be too late-too late to stay tiher marriage ?" "Why do I ask myself this r he mout tired. "Nothing that I can do will pro* rent it. Sie loves another." Tears coursed fast down his cheeks, like any woman's. CHAPTER XVlT. Tite CATASTROPHn AT APLrtsl RI)DO The news of. Malcolm's engagement with Muriel had been given out to the world. The Society Journals had finished slandering the baronet's son, and were rather inclined to regard his future in a more hopeful tone. Wild reports had been circulated re. garding the wealth of the young Australionne, who was to be the future lady Seebold, which caused much annoy. ance to Duncan Grey. lie hated any. thing of the kind, and flatly denied the report whenevcr he had an opportunity, and threatened to thrah the editor of a certlain paper if he did not immnediately ceasc puhlahing falsehoods. Now that evero~rthing had been arranged regarding the future of Murlel, and the son-in.law elect, Duncan saw no reason eny there should be any immediate tcwessity for returning to Australia. IH iked to think, although Muriel must be taken front him in one sense, that a few hounrs by rail would bring them together agein. The thoughts of living in Australia, t hilst she and her husband were in Eng. Ison,, did not at all meet with his views, and for this reason he took a lease for twelve months of a ine estate In Suffolk, where he could amuse himself with the gsun and have Msalcolm and Murlol to stay with himnt oeenionally. Mrs. GreOy, at tent, thought that pro. l?ngitag their stay in England ?a rather injudicious, eeing that Duncan had busi. ness in Australia, "Why, Violet," he said, "yon seem more coneernd about the placo than I am mtysrlf. The seaoons are good now, anti there is no cause fur fear, otherwise 1 ahonld be off by the next steamer." The estate which Duncan had leased wan one of thes splendid shooting pro perties which entailed a large namount of ependituro to keep it up in any sort of style approanchingltrts dteserts. Thie oner, a young earl, who had come to grief on the tlrf, never resided tlhere, for it good reason that hie was utlallo to alflrl it. IHis anIntital inc~lne was so cut diwn, what with agricultural diprcsshonl nult high interest to be pid on tlhee \istiig mortgage over the pnroperty, that Ito hIael ntltnp:edl to do so w.uht haIloe h.en titld his rum. The younu peer hand fututd na gond tellnent II I)ircnte trcy, vii tuk a pride in the place, though lhe 'itter knew that any iltntroeniis curriedI IIIt wouthl tiot be for its own hl'ifiti h'erIftIcr. " I hate to acu a ItIItC hkIthts ' itin: hut the doigs," he wtotilul say, as hle rodle ruundt with a frietit. Anud muCh good ha ,I,,tne during his short sa jitri ittllon tete itry.l', wtht allecl up ti It n iith rtveienc and Thle lhoulsWe iIs nit l tuunee oil, ttllot. the towerif lfulh. fi iii!, unhtl ud, a talned. *urro?unting th, hto ,,, ci,,d twi' the, shruiheries, , .e shac f llv ,,il'tbI , but nowthatli ltncanihntt ,mii ni Ithu teCeiii, extra garUeniters iner ,inple'ild ,i kh'p themn in tillert ,i,] r. le tettir c ottinrtes, There Ics toen a good rise In fat stock in Tosmanlt. towerrbeds and hot.b"h. css were Mr . Grey's eapecial delight, and visitors to "LamlEtou" sho know them in their former days of neglect were loud In their praiso. of them now. For miles around woods, sloekod with game, gave sple~did ehlotinc, and Dun. can, who was an anlent upholder of this elass of aprt, revelled in the delights of tramping thna.uh trn turnip fields after the partridges, or standing at a hot corner bringing "roeketers" to earth. In the beginninrof tectober the Greys had taken up their rose?er?c. where Mal. colm had followed them shortly after. wards. The ena+rde.rner which Lottio fond? imgined she had given Muriel in rega to her love for Malcolm had stgnally failed. Immediately on teeipt of Muriel's note he had hurried to Ilarro and explained matters, tellino her that Lottio' story war a vile calumny merely to extort money. In her innocence and love for Malcolm, sile wns ready to believe it, and took him for none other than a devoted and much.tobe-opitied man. flow to cociliate, or rather get rid of Lottie, was a task which proved no easy one for Mal colm on hearing that she had firmly de clined to learr. Iis temptations of larho sums of money were merely ridiculed by her. "As if I am to be bought out arrd cast adrift by your bribery. No, men r+r, you will live to repent your work and will see som' day that a woman can strike, and hard too." This ras the last time he had ever listened to her. Ilia temper rose to an ungot rnablo b height, whence, hurling at her all the epithet I his tonguo could find, he gorae her a cheque suficient to cover immediate wants and left her for ever. As lho slowly raised the paper lying before her, she smiled that smile of triumph which so often was seen on her lips. " As if he cal respe me," she said to hernelf. "I will let him marry; Oh yes I we women do not spoil sport, and then my turn comes." Loteio soon after returned to Paris, where she had taken napartments for the winter. She made no secret of her whereabouts, though she did not care to be ao much en eriden'e since her desertion by Malcolm. When she saw, one day, that the marriage was to take place early in Norecmber, a Plight flush tinged her cheeks as she laid aside the paper. Silence was heronlycharucnow of making her suocessful in the end, and this she knew well how to preserve. Like a anake in the gram ahe lay hid, awaiting her opportunity to dart. Malcolm's days were one lone dream of bliss. lie loved Muriel with all his soul, and was her slave entirely, granting everything that was In his power, to make her life if anything still happier. " IIow often I recall the day of that horrid woman's visit," she said to Malcolm as they wandered through the gardens one morning. ""My love, why trouble yourself about theose silly ideas when all Is over True, it was a fiendish story to invent, but where Is the man who is sale from the longues of alauderer? That woman ise one of the most notorious of her kind In London or Paris, and ha mang timeo be. fore practised the same game. "Oh, Malcolm darling, I am so th'nk ful to think that'ahe left me when she did. The remembranhe of that revolver being pointed at my head will never fade front my memory. Even now in my sleep I sometimes awake with antart and imagron she is looking down at me with those cruel eyes. Ilow they shone I I shall never forget them." "My poor Muriol, It was Indeed a terrible ordeal to Ig through. Do you know, too, that the woman was actually in the gbdens watching us that morn. ing i as, thag't s'how she found out, and then direoely my eack iaal turned ahe seined the oppottunlty of tolling her lies, and thought to obtain money front you." "As It was," said luriol, "she took those lovely asiphirea you gave me." "No matter, better she should have those than have ipjured a hair of your head; besldes, What are bushels of lapphires beside my sweet Muriel." Here he bent down and softly touched her forehead with hin lips. "Ah I will this great appness always go on, go on for oeet I tDlarrst Malcolm, wish for no other heaven thian this. For you always to be owlih me, and when death takes one, for the other to be taken too." "Come, Muriel darling, do not grow sad over our love, remember we have our duties in life to perfbrnt though we are to be man anti wife. We cannotquito shut ourselves up from the world, o" what woultit say of us ?" "I suppose It would call us s0nlei," said Muriel, "but lovers are seolfh at first, and It seems only natural." The pheasant shooting had now begun In real earnest, as each morning a party of beaters were sent before the guns to search the woods for game. Malcolm was a good shot, and for this reason was always given a busy corner in the drive, where, as the broneewinged bints sailed above hIs head with a loud whir-r-r.r, he seldom failed in bringing them to his feet. Muriel would often accompany the shooters in thick boots and short gnown, when her march through turnip fields or even through ploughed ones would prove her to be as onergetic as the rest. "Ilike holng 'for its surrounndings and not actoal fjor the sakeo of killillg," she said, as tie sat at Ildtcheon oto day. "Nor how" much nicet this Is tlhan having lunchooh lndoors." " Well, for my part," said Dunean, " I would prefer lunchbon nloside. I call't ary I am particurlarly fond of ltetlers crawling about me, and a risk oflswallo Ing a wasp in tile claret." ",Pap, you haver't a scrap of romance Is yOU, anrd see nothilig etautlful it nature; why, this very tree we are sat lted under lIs a study in itself. Ilow carn it b comparod to tlioso ttgly gu-lreet wt hare been livnlg amolgest all our lives Sometimers when I look hack ont the years in Australin I think it so muchl time wasted." "You little traitor," exclaimed ,lalcolm, why, only a few mroths agio you rwouldl not hear a wordt said Irainst th pIlace, and tnow you unr it dowt n ahlesal,." "Yes, I admit such was the car', Ibnt that is the way trtih alil Australiais, ulnlil they learn hrater. Wirher lest they coitti to England they halo everythii g ag Itt 10 no beauty it anythihig. Idiot tiikc agly and black, alni ns a rtin they have frw friends tI visit, c.onr"q'u ntly they are do etrlelfr n for anttismln'tent entirely upln thenmselves. 'They "Art ftrow tired lof it arrnod are glad toI rl'trrn." 'tillt theat wasit'I your caie, MiuriCl," said her fatllr,'' " ou had a huildredn po'i'p who were rtiady ti mnakr Ilfil I?. sent for you, utid 'er, I nur thankful to say, has nlllccededi." liuncan hero rtased his glasI with a knuIrwiln t ink at .~Ialcohih. lhr Ih I nit, nut tflitutg about mrysrlf ; yfell are ,i Ilirsotal, pplla." Shte Iluihrtd a littlre ahdl lookd nway. Tllhoilr wicire pp dayrti s in the eaiill stern lII' ha, mad u 'lil l ail, lith fnrlt, alll .nhtlSw if wrilntrt. ScarcrO a rUimnh r,'. limaineld froln the liil, i hei in ho woub hIioeiiir Ml ,oh i,, l'r , lrn, thoiul h ,it liorI t a h lut ittr il ulhid hlli' e uihitri iiul d Ial in to rll- r hiea ll as ?.hlt' iy" P It iI ll ililu hut' of it hIeI .tu t" tOni [b rilln'. If l tln ael itt.'rw ui' d t i', tio chicrk heir Mhuri,'l Iha blIhw , ,,very wo?rI of .ri.', o lti1,r h1lh had bnI a eil e It e , aliniglt inhi.?. I I le ln ll nins a?t n oiinlcr but Itir s sn i reall oned til t er ,r self. " I know tolhing at the timer, I ra a 'the Ithat'nl Ai'rilhlrtl Soietly's how ettiriel a haliutii lm prt.it , mtre child. I nm'er kneo what real late wna until I met iMalcohn." She could not feel grateful for what Mrs. lFordvc had done, rnd ret, within herself, there was aaecr.t .e?ch of ,olf. ongratulatio.n in hin in; hd removed from her path that one pe'?n who do. barred her froma manrt ing Mil.olmn. What Eric's thouilchs were on the matter ahe hairdly lhked to think sbout. She knew what a large and tttt l Ithheart he had, and how dreadful a blow her marriage with another would cmuse him. " But I do not love him, and life would never he happy for him, or for me either. I cannot write to tell himn I am engagcl. But he will know that soon eonuch. It is, indeed, a hard thing to be situated as I am, and no one can advise time." These were soatn of the tlhouhts that would keep her for hIours tos.ilng oil her pillows. She thought that Whct, onice the marriago ass over nothing could matter then. Eric might cmne to Eng. land if he liked, but all talk about her pri.eans loe four him would be a mere waste of time. Mutiel still felt that there was one thorn in her Ied of roses which might at any tilme make its presence felt-that thorn was Eric. Oftentimes Muriel would comtplin to Malcolm about leaving her, perhaps lot wet days, to sit over the ire whilsht the shooters were after tle putt. ridges. "It's all very well for you men going off early in the morning and leaving ius women at home. But you have no idea haow bored we get with one another's society," AMrs. Grey had asked several young ladies with their mIothers to make up tile nuaber at dinner of an evening, but Muriel, beyond making herself just erdinarily agroahble, never eared to be long in their company. In fact, whent lalcolam was away from her the world appeared as a blank. "Well, lot us drive today, Muriel," he said one morning, finding her in a dis. cottente d frame of mind, and aceordingly it was agreed upon. Yo'ry nty times afterwards he would order the phrtron with itsll thoroughbred chestnuts, which spanked along the quiet hi hways with no more thought cof lto weight of Lte carrinae behind them than had it been a child's. "1'11 keep no rubbish in my stables," Duncan would say, on allowing his equine collection to a friend, whlch was very true. And his hones, whetlter for saddle or harnesu, were perfect of their kind, and Duncan loved them as if they were his own children. "My conscience, how they're pulling. My arms are aching despite that severo curb on Marmtion," sald .Malcolm, as they traversed the road which led from Lamb. ton to Dullington, the nearest town of any importance. "Have we much business itn the bust. ing citdy Ito exclaimed Malcolm, stisinsg the place which loomed ahead. Dullington bore out its name to the letter. Its krus.grown streets, wide and long enqugh for armies to be marched throgh honm without breakingline, wore the same appearance every day of the week, except Saturdsy, on which day market was held. Its shops had the same things in the windows month after month, despite tho'rapid changes .of fashion, whtcb, in this ninetaonth con. tury we are so sacgiltstmed to. ," Well, of all 'the holes I" exclaimed Malcolm, drawin up hi hhoreu, with a' acroopi .+ nOisoai' tilce cuib, "this is .bou' the'dullbi that I've ror beeoon in." "You have alwa some dispanrngitt romalik oama?¢&a; a.t pisces or peolple, tho ikhq 'deryw 'are except in your be. lovt tldon. N6r thero is plenty of cisto las6clitioh, oven in this hole a ou 1 it," " hist I am choosing a carpet suppose O.lt go iad Inspeet that nteaservigo en the ,eiitre wilhich Queen Elinbuth is said to hare u.eto on a visit here." "Hang Elisbealt, what do I careabout the woman or the tog.serrice." 'Malcolm almost bawled this last remark out, so 'that soverpl of the pssers.by looked tip.,t'f ' "'d" ci . * The sight of the trep, horses, anttd occupants, wu a general object of ad. mirktLibn a it bowled along through the quipt stroots, making them cello again wit li I clanking pole- chains and clatter of hIobf. "laow nice we look in tile shop windors," said MurIel. "Well, don't be all day admiring your. self. Jump down and order your carplet and I'll drlve round to the Club." Moriel in a second had sltruný lightly to earth; whit t Malcolm, giving has horses a touch, rumbled tip the main street to what was generally known as thle Club, reomarkllo chiefly for had cooking, hd?frlor lia ton, worn-out furniture, and membet whose subscriptions were long oyer.dto. _ To on Ceonnrco 