SEA GHOSTS. APPARITIONS, in whatever form, are always a source of alarm, if not of actual terror, to sailors, and it need hardly be said that, where superstition is, the imagination is quick to body forth some thing to awe and terrify. The Cel tic mind is pe culiarly suscep tible to this kind of dread, and among the Western Isles as well as on the west coast of Ireland, should a sea-mist or a cloud assume a peculiar form, the fishermen and sailors see in it a warning sent to them by a kindly spirit against venturing from land. Along the lit toral of North Germany a very peculiar super stition prevails. It is to the effect that the soul of anybody who dies on board ship passes into a bird, and that whenever the bird shows itself it is to announce the death of another per son. This strange fancy is firmly believed in both by the seafaring folk and peasantry. This is only one form of a notion almost universally prevalent that birds are intimately connected with the fate of men. Hence a bird met at sea is nearly always an omen of good or evil. How much they are often so regarded is shown by the following instance, which occurred in 1857, in connection with the sinking of the ship Central American and the rescue of forty-nine of the passengers and crew by Captain Johnson of the Norwegian barque Ellen. The captain's statement to one of the rescued men was as follows: 'Some time before I saw or heard you the wind hauled, and I altered my course a little, thus standing away from the then un known scene of the wreck. Immediately after altering my course a small bird flew across the ship twice, and then darted in my face. I took little notice of the circumstance. Again the bird flew round the ship, and again it darted in my face. This time I began to regard it as something extraordinary, and, while pondering upon the matter, and hesitating whether to pay attention to the feathered monitor, it ap peared a third time and repeated its extraordi nary actions. I immediately put the ship's, head back to the course we had been originally steering, and shortly after we heard noises in the water atoout us' — which proved to be the shouts of the shipwrecked men. The vessel was in their midst. Had she been kept upon her altered course, it is certain that the cries of the swimmers would have failed to reach the barque, Most people have heard of the superstition about sharks following a ship, as they often do for days— that it is a sign of death. It is not sharks only, however, that are thus ominous; any large fish that patiently dogs a vessel is considered a fatal sign. The very persistency of the creature sometimes exercises a fascina tion which may contribute to the result so keep ly dreaded. A yarn aptly illustrative of this point is told by an old Kentish skipper. Many years ago a gallant little vessel set sail from Faversham, with a crew as trim and light hearted as ever manned a ship. It was two days after Christmas, and the weather, bright and smiling, augured well for a prosperous voy age. The little craft had not gone far how ever, before a gloom fell upon all on board— a gloom that nothing could remove; for there, fol lowing in their wake, was a dread harbinger of death. Day and night it was there, silently pursuing them, with its eye never off the ship It took the shape of a large fish— of a kind none on board had ever seen before— a sort of demon fish, in short! The horror of the situ ation hung like a doom over them, driving away all mirth, putting in its place a never-ceasing dread. For who was to be the victim no one knew, though all were sure that one of their number would never set foot on land again Oh, the furtive glances that were bestowed upon that wretched fish! How the usually brave and hardy fellows would have liked to kill the crea ture— only they dared not. One young seaman the darling of the crew, ventured to fetch a gun from the cabin, and pointed if at the fish— if fish it were, and not an evil spirit. But he had not the courage to fire. No, there was some thing in the eye of the creature that said, 'Shoot me if you will, but you cannot.' From that moment the poor sailor was completely under the spell of the monster. Do what he would, he could scarcely take his eyes off the creature for a moment. He began to feel that the fatal message was for him— that he was the doomed man. The terrifying thought grew upon him, making his feet unsteady, and causing objects to swim,glddily before his eyes, so that at length though the wind was not rough nor the day at all overcast, he stumbled and fell headlong into the sea. He was seen no more. The fish dis appeared at the same moment. Another re markable coicidence connected with the fatal ity was that, at the very time of the death of the poor younng fellow, whose memory is still treasured among the fishermen of the town, his stepfather and some friends were at work upon the oyster grounds, when— it being night— the former exclaimed to the man nearest to him. Look, look! upon the water yonder! There's a mourning coach and hearse. 'Tis a sign of death at sea!' And, of course, a day or two after wards came the news of the death of the be loved son.— 'Cassell's Family Magazine.' 