BECENT PUBLICATIONS, ? _^ HE Queen of the Moors' S-Jr-J (Macmillan's Colonial Li dler' 'brary), by Frederic Adye, fflm is a tale of the English * til west country. The period \- is the early part of the ^ centuryt towards the close of the great war with France, references to which are introduced an a way which adds to the picturesque coloring of the narrative. The novel takes ' its title from a- fancy name bestowed on the heroine, '- x a Devonshire heiress, by her neighbors .and tenants. This character is de picted with some very skilful touches, and the same may be said with regard to otbJer ones in the story. The.author writes with arf 'apparently fa miliar knowledge ,of the region where the scenes are laid, his descrptons of the various features of which exhibit considerable power. 'The Deemster,' -by Hall Caine (Longmans' Co lonial Library). — Of a romance which has achieved so wide a popularity, and deservedlyso, it is unne cessary to say more than that doubts '*-s its appear ance in the present cheap and convenient form will serve to introduce it to many new readers. These two., volumes have reached us through Messrs. George Robertson and Company. From the same firm we have also received the 'Cornhill Magazine' for February- and March. Ever since this new series of that periodical has been begun there has been a decided restoration of the better 'form of its earlier days.- Both of the numbers in .question contain excellent articles. * In the Feb ruary number a study on Canning, by Professor Goldwin Smith, a paper on diet and medicine in China, and one on duelling, claim special atten tion. The March number has, amtmg other at tractive contributions, one on the death of Queen Elizabeth,' a very brightly written and discriminat ing essay on the Irish school of oratory. ^ An illustrated booklet 'entitled 'The Brewer's G-host,' by Commandant Booth, issued from the Salvation Army press, Melbourne, has been sent us. It is a narrative in which the evils of intemperance are set forth, 'even as. Bnnyan pic tured his 'Pilgrim's Progress,' 'in the simili tude of a dream.' The dreamer is represented to be a wealthy brewer. Awful apparitions haunt him, each of which has a dismal story to tell. The climax is reached when, the brewer's own son is revealed to his father as a victim of strong drink. , Messrs. George Robertson and Company announce the'approachiiig1 publication of a novej. by lan 'Australian, author, Mr. Roderick Quinn. It is called 'Mostyn Stayn,' a* tale of. bucca neering in the eighteenth century. Part of the scene is laid in Australia. 