CELEBRITIES- | \- ^ ! The daughters of Harriet Beeeher Stows have felt called upon to publish a card, informing their numerous friends that they are far from needing pecuniary assistance, public or private. The Count of Turin, the victor in the recent royal duel, is described by the French newspapers as being a brisk officer of twenty-.seven, tall, slender, easy, v.'iih a jovial air and a straight forward iook. By the death of his father young Ogden Goelet, of the United States, becomes probably the richest lad of his years in the country. He is twenty years old, and it is believed that when he comes or age he will he worth fifty millions of dollars. Lawrence Washington, ox Alexandria, Ya., has been appointed an assistant in the Congressional Library at Washing ton. He is to be in charge of the George Washington Department. Mr W ashington is a great-gnindnephew of the fira~t President. " -Air Lecky." says the London " Snn," " is rapidly developing into the normal and business-like M.P. and dropping his preoccupied look and nltra^intellectual air. The caricaturists now rarely utilise him as a subject-a sure sign that a celebrity is shedding his little pecnliaris ties." The Marquis of Salisbury was for many years in very straitened circumstances, and his children have all been brought np in habits of the strictest economy. Lord Hugh. Cecil, H.P., the Premier's youngest son, enjoyed the reputation during his under graduate days at Oxford of only possessing one suit of clothes. "WTien he was elected a fellow of Hertford, the dons were scandalised by his dining at high table in this same well worn salt of dittoes. Possibly some hint on the subject was dropped, since ~ his lordship "disappeared from Oxford for a fortnight, and when he next appeared at high table was attired in the ordinary garb of society. . The Iting or the Belgians the reputation of being the gayest monarch in Europe, and is consequently regarded ?with considerable disiavcr by Queen "Victoria. On one occasion, lust spring, however (according to an English ex change), when the 3dng was lunching with Her Majesty_at Cimiez, he revenged himself for the severity of bis hostess's manner by retailing an anecdote which, although, excrutiatnigly funny, was decidedly improper. The Queen Bresflrved her countenance during the rest of the meal, bat it is recorded that during her customary drive Her Majesty's smile was more than usually brilliant. Airs "William Astor, it is said, has bought for one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars the famous diamonds known as tlie "Indian Twins." They are cut cushion-shape, weigh eight and one-half carats each, and are of a pale blue color so full of fire that many per fect stones seem lustreless by comparison. "The Twins" were the property of "Warren Hastings when he was governor general of Tndir. It "is well known that James Gordon Bennett runs a fottr-in-hand coach be tween Paris and one of its suburbs and that anyone who pays the fee may become a passenger, the proceeds bang: devoted by Mr Bennett to charity. A peculiarity of the millionaire driver, however, accord mg to an English writer, is that he not only expects tips from his fares, .but is much annoyed should any one dismounts without "remembering the coachman," even to the extent of a very small jiourboire. "What Mi- Bennett does with his tips is a matter of conjecture. President Sucre's bath is troubling the French Badicals. He is not content with the British tub. but washes all over and uses a douche. He insists on "having a .bath .compartment in ids private train, smd ascs for one at the places where he stops. It cost the town of "TiOencB thousand francs to fit up a bath on the occasion of the president's recent visit. "When President Faure started for Bussia he toot with him three coats, three rerrmgotes, three complete suits, three "smokings," thirty shirts, eighteen handkerchiefs, twenty-two pairs of socks, twenty white tits, sis colored ties, eight pairs of boots and shoes, and Mr Etierme. The article hist mentioned is not a garment, but a valet; and it was he who gave out the interesting list. Lord "Wolsely is extremely super stitions; indeed,-he once."owned, iu a letter to the members of the 'Thirteen ! Club, that while in Irelaud he had worn out several hats throngh saluting single magpies, ana that he would not, " on any account," walk under a ladder. He also believes in ghosts, and can tell some exceedingly strange stories of regimental spectres. That part of the Press which recoiled in horror at the sight of Ambassador Bayard being entertained occasionally by the nobility of England must view with alarm the triumphal progress which his successor, John Hay, is making among the country houses of the same despised class. According to the cablegrams, the new ambassador began with a series of dinner-parties in London, and now he is steadily eating his way north, expecting to finish "the season in October with a. dinner given by the Laird o' Ellieerankie at John o' Groat's house. "Dp to the present time, he has been the guest of iiord Tweedraouth in Inverness-shire. Sir John Clark at Tilly Prouie, in Aberdeen* shire, and now he is at Slains Castle, Cruden, the seat of the Earl of Erroll, who "is one of the chiefs of the large and influential Hay family, which has many connections with the English nobility." jttan- of these people, so the cablegrams say. have been quick to claim relationship with the American ambassador since his arrival in England because of his distins guisbed position at court. ~ 