THE GHOSTOF •SEA- VALE,, "To be let or sold. A well-furnished 12-room cottage. Lovely scenery, close to sea. Good fishing. Low rent. Apply agent, Sea Vale, Somerset." The above advertisement in a London paper was the talisman which drew tus to Sea Vale, a quiet watering place on the Bristol Channel. My father, a retired naval officer, hated town life; but we had lived in London for the sake of the boys. Their educa tion was now completed, and all being well out of hand, there remained no hindranuce to my father's modest ambi tion for life in the country, with a bit of fishing to while away the timne. The Knoll was a low, irregularly built house, ivy clad, and nestling at the foot of a larceh-crowned hill, the slopes of which were clothed with mossy turf, jewelled with sweet wild thynme, pink sea thrift, dainty harebells and golden trefoil. \- In front of the house was a large gar den ovei'flowing with fruit and flowers growing with little regard to order, but presenting a beautiful whole to loversof old-fashioned gardening. Great bush roses, glowing with masses of bloom, sweetWilliiamsin endless variety,pinks, larkspurs. and quaint-faced panIsies grew side-by side with fruit trees and vegetables. About a mile beyond the garden lay the channel, of which there was an unbroken view from every win dow. The inside of the house proved exceed ingly conmfortable. although the entrance was somewhat mean,- there being only a small hall, with the. foot of..the stairs close to-the door on one side, and a long, narrow window on the other. This was exactly opposite the dining-room door, which room was of rather .unique shape. having an alcove facing the door. Had the alkove been at either, end of ilhe room it would have given length, but so paiced it seemed meaningless and use less. except for tihe purpose of keeping ouilt of tile way a hIlgh, cumbersome. mantique ebshinet. whichl otherwise would hare greatly trespassed on the, very limitted space. . The Knoll was the property of a Mrs 3farsh,? but she had not cit?red to live there since the death. of her. hilsbaind live years ago. The ahtsurdly low rent- and the dis coVery that tile Knoll lihad changed lenants nine timunes within five years, made my father dubious whether this seemingly echamitig hayven of rest mtight not prove defective in the mattels of drains or water supply. But lie decided to take it for six months with the option of purelmse ait he end of that time. We went in :it mnidsummer, And by Christlnmas were so well satisfied that we had fallen iupon a bargain suchi as we were scarcely likely "to igain meet an equal that my father was about mak ing arrangements for puirchasing; when an incident occurred. which altered our desire 'to possess this picturesque cot lage. It was Christmas Eve. All my brothers were expected home by the:last train. I and my sister,-Maidge, vere putting uip evergloeens in the hall: Darkness fell upon uits before we' had completed our. task. but the lamp and firelight stream ing froum the open door of the dining room (where Hannah, our one domestic, was laying-the table in readiness for tihe travellers) was quite sufficieent. Madge, who was on a step ladder, placing ivy. over the window; suddenly gave ..a piereing shriek;oand fell in a heap on the floor, covering her eyes as though to shunt out some fearful sight. Hannah rushed out of the dining-room,- and.in so doing closed the door after her, which added to the confusion until my father came running down 'stairs with a light. "What upon earth is thle matter?";.he exclaimed,as Madge; springing up,tlhrew herself into his arms and buried her face on his shoulder. . - "Oh, father," she cried, "I - saW.aw dreadful old-man at the window. lz:iHe" looked as if he were dead., Is:he there' now?" and she shuddered as she clung to him. - : My father opened the front door, but nothing could he see but the laurel bush;, which grew close understhe window. "There is no one there. You are over tired, Madge,"he said,somewhat sternly. "Hannah, take all this rubbish away" giving the holly a kick as it lay on the loor-aned he led Madge off into thie dining- room and poured -her; out a glass of wine, but she could not be convinced that it was her nerves that were at fault: "Would you mind staying- with me, Miss Hanley, while I clear up the holly?" said Hainah. . Why, Hannah?" -I.laughed. "Surely you are not afraid of '.the' man- at the window?" - "Yes,.I am, Miss,"' she retuhined in a dogged way, "'and you must please get someone else ,as soon as 'yeou-ca. - I dursn't stay here now that - Miss Madge has seen old Marsh." - "Old Marsh! What do you mean?" "Why, it was 'am, Miss, sure. enough, as Miss Madge saw. I was told when I came here that I should never stay be cause of old Marslih's ghost. But I didn't believe in ghosts then, and said I'd risk seein' 'im anyway; but you see, Miss, it is true enough." "I really do not understand you, Han mah. "Who is old Marsh?" "Whly, Mrs Marsh's husband, Miss. He committed suicide out in the garden uhere. T'at is why Mtrs Marsh cannot bear this place. They say old Marshi comes and looks in at the hall window. He looks just as he did when in his coffin. I dare not live here, Miss, so please take a month's notice." "Really, Hannah, Iam astonished that a woman of your age and sense should believe so impossible a story. I suppose you have been telling Miss Madge this absurd rumor." "No, indeed, Miss, I have not. I prom ised Mr Small, the agent, I wouldn't tell why the other people left, and I shouldn't have said a 'Woard now if old Marsl hadn't come back." The arrival of the boys dismissed for the time all thought of old Matsit, al though Madge was so timid in passing the hall window at night that I was careful to see that the blind was di-wn at dark. The isolated position of tile house had hitherto made this seem un necessary. My father and the boys treated her alarm and Hannah's deter liniation to leave, as a huge joke, until one night when I had forgotten to draw th blind, Bet-amrd, my youngest brother, went from the drawing-room, where we all at-ere, to fetch something from the dining-room. "Father," he called, "come here quickly." The sharp ring of terror or I:tin-we could not tell which - in his voice made us all follow my father into the halL "Look," cried Bernard, who, with blanched face, stood midway between the dining-reom and the hall window ; "is that old Marshi" There, sure enough, in the upper part of the window, we all could distinctly see the head and shoulders of an old man. The features set, the eyelids closed, as in the awful stillness of death. In life it could not have been other than an unpleasing face, but with the seal of death adding to its coldness and hard hess, it appeared.positively hideous. 'This must be a clevet-ly played trick," said my father, going close up to the glass and peering out. But the cold, still face seemed to mock him, for there it was, in shadowy outline against the laurels. He and the boys seatched around the bushes, but oiothing could they see or Ilear save the soughing ofthe wind' and The murmur of the distant sea. Hour after hour we kept going out into the hall to see if the shadowy form of the old man were still there. Yes, there it aeas, and its very immovableness added to its hosrible fascination. It was long after midnight before we could be per siaded to disperse, although father, upon his return fr-om putting out the lights in Ihe dining-room, tlankfully informed us thit the horrid face had disappeared. "I will fathom this to-motrow," said lie, "or et.e we will go out of the house lit once. I will see the agent and hoer what he has to aay about this cock-and bull story Hannah tells." Accordingly iext day he went to Sea Vale. The agent allowed that it was reported that The Knoll was haunted, but, said he, "That, sir, is easily accounted for, because of Mr Marsh destroying himself in the garden facing the house. People are always ready to, declare a place haunted that has been the scene of a suicide or murder." "Quite so," agreed my father. "I am no believer inl ghosts, but the fact re mains that mydaughter,a fortnight ago, saw the head and shoulders of an old man. apparently dead; and we all saw the samne face last night through the window. On no account shall I remain at The Knoll unless the affair is cleared up. Will you spend :ua evening with us? Should the face again appear you will at least be able to tell us if it re semnbles the late Mr Marsh?" Willingly the waent acquiesced : but though lie came for a whole week notlh ing was seen of the apparition. That the man lthought us little less than idiots we were well aware. "I think, sir," said lie one evening when he rose to go, "you will allow that it is useless my coming out here night after niight." " It does seem like it," returned my father. "b'ut come until the end of this week?' At this moment Hannah burst into the room without ceremony, crying, "Old Mu:arshi! sir, old Marsh!" Quickly we went into the hail, and agaiti were confronted by the cold shadowy form of the dead main. The agent took one glance, and putting up his arms to ward off the dreadful sight, exclaimed in usched, horrified tones: "'It is he, sir, it is Mr Marsh!" Explanation there was none. Sleep in that house another night not one of us would. Late though it was. we walkedl intot Sea Vale and took roonis until such time as we could remove our belongings. The agent refused to again undertake the letting of The Knoll. He wrote Mrs, Marsh a full account of what he had himself witnessed. The following day brought him a let ter "from Mrs Marnshl, who coulmenced by. expressing her thankfulness'to have. :t last discovered the reason why she could not keep a -tenaut. B'atving-no portrait of iter husbhnd 'lhe hlial d'cast't akeil af tert ditih andI'a bust execiited by :a Well known "sculptor. This bust shite felt suire was not' a thing strang'ers woilld raire to have .aboit. ;?:Iherefore wheni she let TheKnoll fuinished,ltwas pliidd onli the :dip 0of tlle ol r-tbinet facing the-diluing: room 'dooi: That it" wI s.the ieflection of: this iust tlhrol i:i iDpoul the hall: 1wi dom. slie haid but little dbouif. She se quiested thelie'ent to aisk iuy father:tob.' with him' to The Knoll and see: fobrhliid self. lWe went that night'iitin ljiot.ly.No-: thifig could be seen' of the bust from the floor. but upon'climbing to the top of the step lhdder there it : is, u shedd f:r' back against the Vall in the ";ollonwed arch of the altov-e. _We 'lighted: thlie la'mps and went into the lill:-,There, as, before,'. wias the fiece that hid so alarmed us and lipevious teniaits.? Upon closing the door it, of coursde insaiihtl-y ,vlnished. W, e a're still liiring at bu: beafitutifil cottage and n.we often coigi'atil?t teoi, selves uponi the fortiunte discovery, of an optical illusion, which, .upon thme ore moval of thle bust, hipily freed uis frofil the presence of " The Manis at the Wiii dow "--"londoni Diimbatic-Nens." 