Chapter XXIV.—At Marseilles. Everything boixipr thus smoothed tor mm Martin found himself at Marseilles as soon after as it was possible to reach that port, for it is needless to say he and his very useful com panion, Darford, travelled on through the next night. Some slight breakdown on the railway had necessitated a brief stoppage here, Martin all the time consumed by anxiety to get on to Cannes, where Emmie then was. He took no heed of the unwonted sights which otherwise would have claimed his interest. To reach Emmie, his dying sister, without the loss of a moment was his heart's cry. •'Will' you walk a little way, sir?' asked Darford. " I am sorry there is not time to conduct you to the grand promenade, which is three miles long, and you would get a view of the sea and oi the islands.". "But we must not risk losing the train," replied the boy anxiously. "I will take care that you do not, sir." Martin, v/ho had sunk upon a seat, now rose | and looked about him vaguely, seeing without realising what was around him, because of the one thought always beating at his heart, that Emmie was ill, dying, and that he might not! be in time to see her; dying when she might have been well and happy if slie had not been separated from Leigh. That was what was killing her; she had not strength to go on living now that he was dead. J Darford, watching him, noted the sorrow oh his face and wishing to change the current of the lad's ideas began to make remarks on the persons near theiu. " All, sir, this place is as busy a highway as ever is London Bridge," said . he; " some coming, others going, ail day long.", "Yes," replied Martin absently. "'Tis wonderful how many foreigners one meets here," continued Darford, "and how many of our countrymen come here. What a mixture of Drench and English and Arabs there are round us now; but the first glance generally tells' the Englishman from the foreigner. There is one going home, I fancy— and—and " ' The man broke off ip so queer a manner that Martin's attention was roused by it .and he looked him questioningly in the face. "Doyou know him Darford?' asked Martin. "Do you know him, sir?' returned Darford in a strangely shaken voice. . Martin, as he gazed at the individual whom the valet had pointed out, shook with some strong emotion. "It can't be he, Darford?' he whispered hoarsely, clutching the valet by the arm. "You sit here, Mr. Martin, and let me go and see." "No ! no! for God's sake don't let either of us lose sight of him !" cried Martin. " Theu come along with me, sir." The two made their way through the group near them towards a shabbily-dressed young man, who, apart and wearing the air of an in valid, was apparently awaiting the train for England. Wheu Martin and his companion got nearer to him, the former grasped Darford's arm, ejaculating faintly, "Darford.! it must be he!" Then with a cry which caused everyone, startled, to look round, Martin _ sprang for ward, calling out in a pierciDg voice,_ " Leigh ! T.ftinrh ! Aro vnn n.livA then?" Alter which Leigh 1 Are you alive, theu?" After which he fell back in Darford's arms and lost con sciousness! "It is you indeed, Mr. Eurrowes?' stam mered the valet. Leigh almost as much overcome as they, faitered out that it was indeed himself! "And they think of me at liomeas dead, I suppose," added he. • "I am sorry tosay they do, sir. It has been too much for Mr. Martin." Leigh was helping to support the boy, weak as he was himself, when Martin opened. his eyes and, clinging to his friend, called out again— "Leigh, Leigh, are you alive?" • "You thought it was my ghost, then?' said Leigh, with a faint smile. _ " Now, wemustn't miss the train for Cannes, sir," interposed Darsford. ■ "The train 1 . Heavens, Leigh! I am going to see Emmie. She is very ill with grieving for you. I don't think she cares to live with out you. Oh, Leigh, why didn't you write?" "It was impossible," returned be in great distress. "Martin, I must go with you. I must see Emmie." . . "You shall," cried Marin. " I don't think they will prevent it now." And the boy burst anew into tears, which roused to the utmost Leigh's fears about Emmie. Darford again interposed— "Now, sir, Mr. Eurrowes' unexpected return may do more for the young lady than all tha doctors in the world. I will secure a ticket for him. Wait here, if you please, till my return.'" Left alone for a few moments •' Leigh asked disjointed questions abeut Emmie—how long she had been ill—whether she had sent for Martin—and how.it was that she was at Cannes? . "She came out with Margaret Thorpeleigli, as she could not recover from the news that you had been lost at sea. Your return may save her yet, Leigh," cried Martin, a gleam of hope breaking through his misery. " Oh, Martin ! suppose that we had not met here." This overpowering thought held them speech less, and now they saw the valet again making his way towards them. "This way, if you please, gentlemen," said he coming up, and very soon afterwards the two friends found themselves speeding towards Cannes in a first-class carriage, Darford having seated himself in another compartment. Leigh and Martin could now freely ex-, change confidences, but at first they were un able to converse connectedly—the thought of Emmie absorbed them. East as they sped on their way they were not a day too soon, Her father and mother had just arrived and the pale, emaciated girl had greeted them in a feeble murmur, while a few tears, for very weakness, fell down her beautiful face. : "Can nothing be done to save her?" asked her father of the medical man in attendance. "Nothing short of a miracle can save her.! She has lost the spring of life," replied he, shaking his head gravely. "Martin has not written. I should have thought we should have found a letter to meet us as I mentioned that , his sister was ill," re marked Sir Bertram. Lady Lawford was silent. More than once that day she had . again wished that Leigh had never gone out to China ; it was so infinitely sad a sight to see her young daughter slipping out of life. She, was going so fast, indeed, that it could not be called certain that,she would be them even a week hence 1 (To be continued.) 