THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain native* of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men. it is eaid, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the 'adepts,' as these queer Hindus are called for the purpose of find ing out the secret o£ their remark able performances. They treated him rather. senrvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with, him 4o 'a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. ' I can't see to read, here,' saW the visitor. ' Then we will have some light,*1 was the reply, and immediately ( the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one -etraage quality — it cast Hat the slighted shadow. This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high, character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief com monly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson snified at the account of the Lisbon earth quake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is eeeptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make veil. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example : — ' In the spring of 1888,' write* our correspondent, ' I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and ouc of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, ray appetite poor, and after eating I had. pain, and -weight at the chest. I was much tronbled with wmd, and frequently spat up a. sour fluid also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depres sion of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for tiro years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and grad ually all nervousness left me. Al . though I bad no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine never having used it or seen it used ~ I now gladly admit its valne, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem, it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter. 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th. 1893.' There is a deal of difference be tween Mr. Griffiths' candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be ture enough, but it cannot be veri fied without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry; and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease — indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where ill ness and pain bad cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is tol-? of its success by eager witnesses. ' Mrs. Laxgtbt.— A report nas been put about that Prince Louis listerhazy was going to' marry Mrs. Langtry — of course an utter impos sibility. This member of the Esttr hazy family is a general in the Aus trian service, and such a marriage would banish him from Court and from the order to -which. b.e be longs. Vast as the ?wealth of the family is, its estates have been in the hands of creditors off' and ou for the last thirty years ; the Ester hazy palace in Vienna was long ago turned into a picture gallery, and the huge collection of family dia monds sold in London. Tiro of the uncles of Prince Louis, young jneu at the time, were one day boating or. a lake at the family place 'ii Hungary. They amused them selves setting tire to hundred-florin notes, crumpling them up, and launching them on the still water. After a while the boatmen timidly suggested that it ?would be ?'? otter lc give them the notes than to burn them. 'If you want florins you must work for them,' Eaid one of ll.c princes. Arctic *? Exploration. — Nausea says : —I think that Andree is still alive. It is not necessarily a bad fign that he has not been heard from yet My idea is that be has probably landed in the North Ame rican. Archipelago or on the north ern shores of America or the Sibe rian coast. In either case he would have to go into winter quarters and await the spring in order to he able to communicate with the outside world. You must remember that he carried provisions iwith him for I three-months.' 