POLITICAL POINTS Mr. Clarkson, one of the candidates for Northain, is the gentleman to whom the Premier wrote a letter in which it was pointed trnt, as one of the claims which Mr. Clarkson had on the electors, that "During the six years you have assisted in obtaining many public works for your district" . . . . . court- house, post-office, and other public buildings in Newcastle, and the road and bridges in your district are evidence of your solicitude for the interests of the people, of your electorate."— Perth " Herald." It is thought that the Boulder aud Kaigoorlie Workers' Association will run a candidate for the East Coolgardie electorate.* Mr. C. J. Moran agrees with all the main "planks" of the "platform," but declines to sign a pledge that he will resign if requested to do so by the necessary majority, or to submit to a ballot of members with other candidates as to whether he should receive the support of the association. It is stated that Mr. John Marshall will probably stand as the Labor Party's nominee.—Perth " Herald." J. W. Langsford, a candidate for the representation of the Sussex district in the Legislative Assembly, addressed the electors at Busselton on Tuesday last. . . . There being no more questions, he asked them to let him know whether it was worth his while coming back. Mr. Brockman: " I thank you for coming here, and agree with what you have said, but I think you had better retire."- (Laughter.)— Bunbury "Herald." "I am in favor of the ' Policy of Pull Together.' and of the maintenance of a " United Goldfields Party. "—H. G. Parsons, Mayor of Kaigoorlie. One of the pleasant stories which Mr. Kerr, in his digressions related to the electors last night, was that of a German at Wollongong. who, when asked if he was in favor of a poll-tax on Chinese, responded, " Yes, I vos peleeve in poleaxing ze Chinese." " Those," declared Mr. Kerr, " are my sentiments".— " Menzies Miner." Sir John Forrest will deliver his " policy speech" at Bunbury on 16th inst.. at 3.30 p.m. According to Mr. Harper, the masses require a reduction upon the duties on food so that they may have more money to spend.in drink. The same gentleman would have us believe that the Customs contributions on agricultural produce amounted to enly 9s. 8d. per head last year. He says that he obtained the figures from the Collector of Customs. We have been unable to obtain any such figures, arid it would be well, therefore, if Mr. Harper would inform his constituents as to how the amount of 9s. 8d. is made up. In all probability, the statement is about as accurate as that which he made when he said that Mr. Parker advocated the driving of the agriculturist from the country, and about as reasonable as his remarks anent the drinking proclivities of those who have the misfortune not to be of Western Australian birth.— " Perth Herald." Mr. A. H. Barclay, one of the candidates for East Kaigoorlie, writes complaining that his name appeared in our list of candidates as a Ministerial supporter, whereas he has all through stated he is an Oppositionist. We make haste to correct the error, and trust Mr. Barclay will not be seduced, after he is returned, into turning his political jacket inside out, and sitting behind John o' Bunbury. We want in Parliament men of insight and prophetic vision, who will build better than they know : who can distinguish between the essential and the fleeting ; men who hear j the voice of duty, of God, of fatherland, ringing high and clear over the clamor and the ' pettiness of party strife ; not who will swear by this shibboleth or that, but who will be lifted above localism and provincial jealousy, and legislate for the common weal ; men who can think and discriminate, not superficial nor precipitate in judgment, not swaying to this faction nor to that ; men of courage, who will speak straight, and dare not lie when duty or principle is at stake ; men with something of the character of the Cross, self-sacrificing, giving and taking, and able to sink themselves and their parish politics for the common weal.—The Rev. A. F. Robb. of Victoria. Mr. Vosper's candidature for North-east Coolgardie is progressing very favorably. He is scoring heavily all along the line, and his chance of success is a very excellentone. " I've a brother a lawyer. He's the only one of the family that ever went wrong."' " I know you've got the best body of aldermen in the colony here. I say. that everywhere I go." " I like to have a cut at these lawyers. They're as easy to pull to pieces as a boiled fowL" " This cry of defence was first raised when we were told that there were 400,000,000 Quong Tarts coming over from China to capture Australia. They tried to frighten us with pig-tailed ghosts.' 7 " Armies are concerns in which the uppercrust get billets for their sons. If aman has two sons, and one of them happens to be a radical, he puts him into the army. If the other is a weaMy fellow, they make a clergyman or a member of Parliament of him."— John Haynes, M.P., NS W. J. E. Hardwick. Ford-street. Pioneer Saddler and Patentee of the Leather Bottom Water Bag. ha? opened fresh goods, at low rates. * 1178 