THE PULPIT- THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE , AT TRARALGON. CONFIRMATION : WHAT IT MEANS r The Right Bev. Dr Goe, Lord Bishop of Melbourne paid his annual visitation to this portion of his dioce«e on Sunday "last, and in the morning held a confirmation service at St. James' Church at Traralgon. There waB an overcrowded congregation, many being unable to find sitting room. The Rev. G. Poynder, incumbent, read the prayers and lessons, and those whom he afterwards presented to the Bishop for confirmation were Misses L. Walker, M. Bailey, Pratt. J. and R, Snodgrass, A. Guest, M. Holmes, King.. Collier, Humphreys. Masters W. Bailey. F. Cross, F, Holmes, T. Pratt, and G. King. Dr GOB addre6Bed the confirmees prior to the cereaiony. and. observed that it was a very important thing to make a ohoice. bat it was mere important to makes good choice. A great many people had had cause to be sorry all their lives through for some mistaken choice which they made when they were quite young. There •as something very sad in the thought, that they might make or mar their whole life by the cho ».ce of their early days. Far •stance, when they were oalled upon to choose a calling, wnat an IMPORTANT CHOICE that was, or when they had to change their residence, or entered upon some friendship or relationship whioh migh: last through life. All those were imffiifiDt cholpaS; -aqdjopoii.£heir making 1 a rigtV choice at such' time their happiness in this world might depend very much. Bat then there were little ohoiees whioh they were always making, and he was disposed to think that those hal often a greater ehare in ehapening their character for good or evil than the, big choices, because those only oeourred now and again, while the small things of life had to be faoed continually. But amidst all the choices, tbe most important was that to which their attention had been called that morning.—that of confirmation. Indeed they had made their choice already, they had not come to make it, for they woald soaroely have been there had they not made their choice in attending the confirmation classes which their minister had been conducting for several weeks. So he should assume, then, that they had come not to make their choice, but to PUBLICLY PB00LA1M. in the presence of God, their Bishop, and that large o angregation, their intention to be fsithfnl and true to the promises made in their name at their baptism. They openly declared by this aet that they would ' renounoe the devil and all hiB works, the pomps and vanities of this wicked world, that they believed in the Lord Jesus ChriBt, and the Christian faitb, that they woald obey GodV holy will and oommand, and would walk in the same all tbe days of their life.' That waB surely a tremendous ohoice, implying as it did ' repentanoe towards God and faitb in the Lord JesuB Christ,' so long as they here should live. Wheuever be saw a number of young people gathered together on such an important occasion as the present, he was always reminded of the very solemn call of whioh they were told in the Old Testament, when tbe good old Joshua, captain of tbe children of Israel, who had led them to victory again and again, gathered them together before bis work ended to enter into a solemn COVENANT WITH GOD. He reminded tbsra of the great and glorious privileges with which they had been blessed, how God had led them through the waters of the Jordan, how Jerieho, Ai, and other places had fallen down before them, how God had given success to their armies, and their enemies had baen overcome, and how He had brought them to the land of Canaan aceording to His promise to their father's generations before. And then he asked them, in remembiance of God's faithfulness, to enter to a covenant, saying,' As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.' Their clergyman had been reminding them of the goodness of God in the paBt, how they HAD BEBN BLBSSBD with health, and plenty, and home comforts, and in thus inviting their consideration of those mercies, he arged them to 'yield themselves a living sacrifice' to Him, and they had come there that morning to say »I do.' Hs could not believe that any of them had come merely because their fathers and mothers wished them, or because it was the proper thing to do in the Church of England, but he hoped they bad oome because they felt it was their great duty and high privilege to declare themselves servants and followers of the Lord J esus Christ. They would remember that in the days of Jesus upon earth the Holy Spirit did oome down apon men, as it did not in.theee later times. They Tead in the 2nd chapter of the Acts of the ApostleB, of the laying on of hands and the daBoent of the Holy Ghost. Bat though He did not now descead ia the same manner, he now dwelt in his Church for^ ever, and was ever ready to anter: their hearts and give them those desires and right resolutions whioh would enable them to bring them to good effect. So that however unable they were of themselves to do the things that were right and true, the Holy Spirit of God is able and willing to come INTO THE IE HEARTS and help them. That was the most important thing in confirmation. He was sometimes inclined to think that young people thought the most important part of the service was to say * 1 do.' Bat what did they mean by that 2 They meant, * 1 am going to be strengthened'hy God the Holy Ghost, that I may be faithful and true to my baptismal vows.' Then the Holy Spirit oame to confirm that, ao that the lay- 1 ing on of hands was a far more important thing than their standing np anTimying' ' T I do.' They read in the Acts of the Apostles that the * Apostles laid their hands on the people and they received the ift of the Holy Ghost.' That waB exactly what was done now. They thus saw irmatieh waaj and they believed that if they came in the right way. God would now give them His Holy Spirit as of old. That marked the great difference between that service and the services they ordinarily toot part in. The great object of that confirmation service was to pray for this one blessing—the gift of THB HOLT OHOST, —and not for the ordinary blessings they sought at the ordinary services. But waB there any reason to think that God would really bestow apon them that holy gift There were some things they prayed to which they were not sure God would grant, because He might know it was not good for them to have them. St. Paul prayed three times that the * thorn in the flesh' might be taken from him, bat God did not see fitto grant him his request. But when they prayed for his Holy Spirit, they knew he was willing to grant it to them. They had corns that day to aBk Him for that blessing, and if they received the PBSOraTO GIFT, He would enable them to t<e faithful and : trae soldiers of the Lord Jesus Christ to their life's end. He hoped theywould he in earnest in this important matter, and tha- through the InBtraetions given in the confirmation classes their eyes had been opened to see the supreme importanoe of erving God and seeking his kingdom and ighteousness; t&kl; they wouldrealise that they had oems jnto tbe world not to live merely - for pleasoire, or gain,-bat :to' serve God here that they might dwell with .him. in happiness for ever after wards. The rita of laying on of hands was then performed, after the confirmees had declared had. declared that they * solemnly the vows which 'at their baptism their godfathers and godmothers undertook for them.' At the close of the ceremony the Bishop spoke a>few timely words on * Helps,' specially dialling on regular attendance at holy,.. ^ommaaion, daily prayer, aad constant readiog of the scrip. tares. He also bespoke the sympathy and assistance of the parents, and expressed the hope that serrice might prove a blessing not only to those who had come to be confirmed, but also to those who had witaesBed the holy and solemn service. His Lordship preached in tbe evening to a large congregation, a powerful Lenten sermon. 