BLADYS : A WOMAN OP COURAGE. BT S. BARINX3-OOUIB. M.A., ' Author of "Melalah," "Tho Broom-Squire, "The Peanycomequlcka," etc. CHATTER X.— OYEZ! In a faded and patched blue coat, turned up with red., the bellman of Knlver appeared In tho one long street of that small place — If we call It a town wo flatter It, If wo speak of It as a village wo inBUlt it— and began to ring outside the New Inn. A. crowd rapidly assembled, and beforo the crfer bad unfolded the paper from which he proposed reading, an apo of a boy threw himself before blm, swinging a turnip by the stalk, assumed an air of pomposity and ingenious cari cature of the bellman, and shouted: "0 yos! O yes! O yes! Ladles and gents, all, I gives notice that you, none of you, ain't to bc- llcvo a word Galfer Edmed says. O nol O no! O no!" .. , . "Get along, you. dratted jackanapes! exclaimed tbo cryer, testily, and striking the youth in the small of his back with tbo bell handle, sent him sprawling. Then striding forward be took posi tion with a foot on each side of tho prostrate urchin, rang again, , and called: "0 yes! 0 yes! O yes! This is to give notice that this 'ero evening, at 0 o'clock, at Stewponey, there will bo a grand champion match at bowls on the green. The prize to be Bladys Ilea, com monly called StcwpoDey Bla. Admittance one shilling. 'Art a crown Inner ring, and ticket ad mits to the 'oly function, by kind permission — « ii.. ...M.uinr In ttiA fho r»<»l nf Sfmirtnn tic. At 6 o'clock per-clsc. No 'arf price. Chil dren and dogs not admitted." Prom the door of the New Inn issued Thomas Hoole, tho landlord, in bin Bhirt sleeves. Tfcomas Hoole waa a. bit of a wag and a crumb of ft poet. On the board outside his tavern he bad Inscribed tho following verses of his own composition: — Customers came, and 1 did (rust 'em, 60 1 lost money, and also custom. To lose them both did vex me sore, So I resolved to trust no mere. Chalk may be uped (o any amount, Out chalk won't pay the malt account I'm determined to keep a first-rate tap For ready money, but no strap. Good-will to all is here intended: Thus, hoping nene will be ofi ended, 1 remain, yours respectfully, One who's no fool. i.e., Thomas Iloole. "What's the meaning of this, Cryer Edmed?" asked the landlord. "Well," answered the bellman, rubbing bis &ose; with the handle of the bell and holding the same by the clapper, "I can't say exactly. My ; instructions don't go so far. But I fancy the gentlefolk want a spree, and Cornelius Rea at' the inn is going to marry again, anil wants to be rid of bio daughter first. It's an ockard affair al together, and not altogether what it ort to bo; and so it has been settled as a mutual accom modation that thero shall.be a bowling match on tho green — and she's to go to the winner. That's about it. O yea! 0 ycsl O yes!" Then the cryer went forward clanging his bell, and as he progressed more faces appeared at windows and figures at doors, and children swarmed thicker In the street. Phalanxes of boys formed before and bhhlnd, yelling: "O yes! O yes! O yes! Stewponey Bla is for sale to the highest bidder. Who'll stand another 'apenny and have her? Going, going for tup pence three farthings." Every now and ngaln tho cryer made a rush at the. boys in front, or backed on those behind, and dispersed them momentarily with the handle of his bell, or with a kick of his foot, and shouted: "You vagabonds, you! I gave notice of no such thing. How can folk attend to I and learn tho II'UIU wuuu J uu 1 G M liailVlill "> HV1 IWU.I, them lies? I said she was to be bowled lor, and not put up to auction. "Wot's tbo difference?" asked an impudent boy. "Ono's respectable, t'other alnt," retorted the cryer, who then vigorously swung the bell, and shouted: "0 yes! O yes! O yes!" whereat the boys mocldnprly shouted: "O uo! O no! O no!" A woman who had been kneading bread, with ner sleeves turned up, and her arms white with flour, crossed tho street, came up to the laud- lord of the New Inn, and accosted him: "Wot's tho meaning of this, I'd lllco to know?" "The meaning Is beforo your nose," answered Iloole. "Where?" Inquired the woman, applying, her hand at once to the organ, and leaving on it a patch of white. "1 mean," explained the landlord, "that any one as knows Cornelius Ilea knows just about what this signifies." "1 know Cornelius for tho matter of that," said the woman from the ltneadlng trough. "Drat uiy nose, there's sum-ut on It." " 'TIs pollen on your stamen, fair flower," said Hoole. "And if you'll not take it amiss, I'll just wipe your noxc wl' my apron, and have It o)T 111 a jiffy, and au honor It will be to the apron." "Oh, Mister Hoole, you'ro such a flatterer!" said tbo woman, fresh, stout, matronly; tbeu, "But for all — I don't understand." "But I do," said the host. "Cornelius Is going to be married to that woman — you know whom I moan," with a contemptuous shrug of the shoul der, and a curl of tho lip. "I don't know as It's wuss than tho goings on as has been." "But sho's not been In the house; and he can't bring her in till he has got Bladys out." "But to put her up to bo bowled for." "That's tho doings of tho gentlemen — a parcel of bucks and good-for-noughts that frequent tho tavern. He's not a man to say them nay. He dussn't go contrary to them— they spend a lot o' money there." "But who will go In for her?" "Nay, that's more than I can say. She's a won derful, handsome girl." "Can't see It," answered the woman. "No— I always say that for good-looking faces you might go through the three counties and not see one lllce your own. But, Mrs. Fiddtan, you're spoiled by looking at your own charms In tho glass — It incapacitates you for seeing moderate beauty In another." "Go along, Mr. Hoole." "How can I go along, when I am opposite you?" "Come, ha' done with this nonsense. Who are they that have taken a fancy to this white- faced mawken?" "For one, there Is Crispin Ravenhlll." "He can't tako her — hasn't enough money," "Ho has his barge." "Wot's that? His uncle would hnve a word to say about tbat, I calculate. Who else?" "There Is a stranger staying at the Stewponey that they call Luke Francis." "What is bis trade?" "Don't know." "Any others?" "There's Captain Stracey." "He can't marry licr— he's a gentleman; and what about Nan— has he broke with her? What others?" "Kibblers, only." "Well, Mr. Hoole," I must baclc to my bak ery." "Aud I sink back to darkness out of light." Kinvor village occupies n basin In the aide of tho great rocky ridge that runr, for many miles through the country, and ends abruptly at tho edge, a bluff of sandstone crowned by earth works, where, as tradition says, King Wulfhoro of Mercia had his camp. So far is sure, that tho church of Kiiiver Is dedicated to Ills mur dered sons, Wulfhad and Rufllnus. The place of tbolr martyrdom was at Stone, In Stafford shire; but it Is possible that their bodies were removed to KInver. As already said, the hamlet of KInver con- jSlsts mainly of one long street, composed lar gely of Inns, for a highway passes through It; but also of habitations on the slope of tho basin. When the cryer had reached the end of the street, be proceeded to ascend a shoulder of hill, till ho reached a strip of deep red lu the sandstone, tho color or clotted blood. Here, according to tradition, a woman was murdored by tho Danes, who had ascended tbo Stour and ravaged Shropshire. From the day of the crime, the rock has been ilyed blood red. At this point tbo town cryer paused, and looked about him. The Impudent and aggravating boys fell back and pursued him no further. A sudden awe and dread of consequences came on them, and they desisted from further tannov- onco. The reason for this will presently tran spire. KInver parish occupies n peculiar position— It adjoins Shropshire and Worcestershire, and Is, in fact, wedged In between the main bulk of Shropshire and an outlying islet In which is Hales Owen. It is ns though the three counties had dashed at this point, and hnrt resolved their edges into broken fragments, tossed about with little regard to their position. KInver takes Its name from, the Great Head, Kefnvawr, of sandstone rock, 542ft. high, that rices as a ncss above tho plain of the Stour. In that remote period, when the Severn straits di vided Wales from England, and tho salt depo- sits were laid that supply brine at Droitwlch and lit tho Weaver Valley, then KInver Edge stood up ns a fine bluff above the ruffling sea. At that time also, a singular Insulated sandstone rock that projects upwards ns an immense tooth near the roots of tho headland, stood detached In tho water, amidst a wreath of foam, and was haunt ed by seagulls, and Its head whitened with their deposits, whilst its crannies served as nesting places. 'tills isloated roclc of red sandstone, on and nb.ni! which Scotch flrs ltnvo rooted themsolves, goc.i by the name of Holy Austin ltock; lmt whether at any time it harbored nn anchorite of I ho name of Augustine Is a points on which history and tradition are alike silent. Towards this rack the bellman made his way. Why so? Was It for tho purpose of summoning jack daws to tho bowling match? Was It that he desired to hear the echoes answer hlaa from the crag? We shall soe presently. Although local tradition Is silent relative to a saintly denizen of the rock, It Is vocal relative to a tenancy of a different kind. Once It was Occu pied by a giant and his wife, who with their nails " had scooped for themselves cavoB in the sandstone. Tho giantess waB comely. So thought another giant who lived nt Envllle. Now in this sandstone district water Is scarce, and the giant of Austin Hock was wont daily to cross a shoulder of hill to a spring some two hundred and fifty yards south of the Hock to fetch the water required for ills kitchen. The water oozed forth in a dribble, and tho amount required was considerable, for a giant's sup is a drunkard's draft. Consequently ho was some time absent. The Envllle giant took advantage of his absence to vlBlt Ills wife. Quo. two, three. Ho strode across country, popped Ills head in, kissed the lady, and retired before her husband returned with the pitchers. But one day be tarried a moment too long, and tin Auntln giant saw blm. Filled with jealous rage, he set down the pltchere, rushed to the summit of the rock, and hurled his whetstone at tho retreating neighbor. The whetstone missed Its aim; It fell and planted itself upright, and for many generations bore the nanto of the Bolt atone. In 1848 the farmer, In whose Held It stood, blew It to pieces with gunpowder. Mr. Edmed, the cryer, having reached the foot of Holy Austin rock, rang a peal and looked up. Instantly the rock was alive. As from a Stilton cberso that is over-ripe the maggots tumble out, so from numerous holes in the cliff emerged wo men and children. But on the ledge nearest the summit they clustered the thickest. When the cryer saw that he had collected an audience, and that It was attentive, he rang a second peal, and called — "O yes! O yes! This is to give notice that this 'ere evening at six o'clock at Stewponey, there Is to be a grand champion match at bowls on the bowline green. An' the prize Is to be Bladys Rea, commonly known as Stewponey Bla. Admittance one shilling. 'Arf-a- crown reserved scats, and them tickets admit the bearer to the 'oly function, by kind permission of tlie pro prietor, In the Chapel of Stourton Castle. No 'arf price. Children and dogs not admitted." There were three stages of habitations on the rock. From out of the topmost, behind the chil dren, emerged a singular figure, that of an old man In a long snuff-colored coat, with drab breeches and blue worsted stockings. A white cravat encircled his neck. In his hand he carried a stick. Tills old man now began to descend the rock with agility sucli as might not have been anticipated In one of his ago. "Here comes Holy Austin," whispered somo boys who had followed the cryer at a distance. "Oh, my! must wo not he good, or we shall get whacks." The man who approached was not called Aub- l in at lils baptism, nor was Austin his surname; nor was tlio rock called after blm, but rather he after the rock; for haying come to inhabit one of the dwellings excavated out of it, in which he kept a day school, the name that had attach ed to the prong of sandstone adhered to him. He was more than schoolmaster. He was knobbler nt tho Church of KInver; that is to Bay, it was his office to walk about during divlue ser vice, and tap on the head any man or boy over taken with sleep. The wand of office was painted wlilte, anil had a bluo knob at the end. It may now bo understood wliy the boys who had mimicked and surrounded the bellman In the streets of Kinver kept distance and maintained a sober demeanour. Before them was a man who Was a schoolmaster and gave whacks during tho week, and who was knobbler and could crack their heads on tho Sunday. In his double capa city he was a man greatly to be respected and stood aloof from by boys. To a boy a soldier or a sailor Is a Joy; a police man Is an object of derision; a ghost 13 viewed with scepticism; a devil is hardly considered at all; but a schoolmaster Is looked on, preferen tially from afar, as a concentration of all hor rors, and when accentuated with investiture with knobbledom, as something tho quintessence of aw'ulness. "Repeat again. I didn't hear exactly," said Holy Austin. The cryer obeyed. The old man lifted up his hands. "W'n live In evil davs. and I sore fear In an evil place, and the salt that should havo seasoned us lias lost Its savor. There have been no banns called. Thero can have been no license obtained, seeing none knows who will have the maiden." "They say the chapel at Stourton is a peculiar," observed tho bellman. 'i'lie old man shook Ills head. "This is the be ginning of a bad story," said he, and slglied. "Whither will it lead? How and wbere will it cr.d?" > CHAPTER II.— IN THE CELLAR. The highways from Stafford and Wolverhamp ton to Kidderminster and the South, and that from Halesowen to Bridgenorth, cross each other at KInver, and a bridge crosses the Stour, near Stourton Castle, once a royal residence, and one that wa3 favorite with King John. The great Irish Road from Bath and Bristol to Chester passed through Kinver, to the great emolument of tho town and neighborhood. At that time, Chester and its port. Park Gate, received the packets from Ireland. An old soldier In the wars of Queen Anne, a native of the place, settled there when her wars were over, and, as was customary with old sol diers, set up an Inn near the bridge, at the cross roads. He had been quartered at Estepona, in the south of Spain, and thence he had brought a Spanish wife. Partly in honor to her, chiefly in reminiscence of his old military days, he entitled his inn, "Tho Estepona Tavern." Tho Spanish name In English mouths became rapidly trans formed Into Stewponey. The spot was happily selected, and as the landlord had a managing wife, and provided excellent Spanish wine, which ho imported himself, and with which ho could supply the cellars of the gentry round, the Inn grew in favor, and established its reputation as one of thebest Inns In Staffordshire. The present landlord, Cornelius Rea, was di rect descendant of tho founder of the houBe. The Stewponey was resorted to by tho gentry of the south of Staffordshire, Worcestershire, and Shropshire, oii the approach of an election, to de cide on the candidates to be proposed and elected. It was also frequented by travellers on their way north, south, east, or west, who arrived at Kinver at ebb o£ day, and were disinclined to risk tuclr persons and their purses by proceeding, at night over the heaths of Kinver, through the forest of Stourton, and among tho broken ground tbat was held to be a lurking-place for footpads and highway robbers. Indeed, the neighborhood for a century bore an evil name, and not without cause. Several and special facilities were here afforded to such as found proftt and pleasure In preying on their fellow-men. As already intimated, at this point on the map of England tho territories appertain ing to the counties that meet have gone through extraordinary dislocations. There are no natural boundaries, and those which are artificial are capricious. Nothing was more easy for one who desired to throw out his pursuers, tanned with a warrant signed by the magistrate of one coun ty, than to pass into the next, and If further pursued by legal process, there to step into a third. , a titsrbwavman at the beginning of the century In which we live, who honored Kinver with re siding In It, planted his habitation at the ex treme verge of the county, divided from the next by a hollow ray, and when the officers came to take him, ho leaped the dyke, and mock ed them with Impunity from the further side. But this was not all. The geological struc ture of the country favored them. Wherever a cliff, great or Bmall, presented its escarpment, there tho soft sandstone was scoped out into labyrinths of chambers, In which families dwelt, who In not a few Instances were in league with tho land-pirates. Tho plunder could anywhere he safely and easily concealed, and the plun derers could pass through subterranean pas sages out of one county into another, and so elude pursuit. The highwaymen belonged by no means to tlio lowest class. Tho gentlemen of the road comprised, for the most part, wastrels and game sters of good blood, who thought It no dis honor to recover on the high road what they had lost on the green table. Occasionally, but only occasionally, one was captured and hung, but the gang was not broken up, the gap was at ouce refilled. Of applicants there wan no lack, and the roads remained as insecure as before. The facilities for escape at tho conflues of three counties, and In a country honeycombed with places of refuge, were too many, and the busi ness was too profitable to enable the sheriffs, during an entire century, to put an end to a condition of affairs which was at once a scandal and a nuisance. The groat canal planned and carried out by Thledon runs from the Stour at Stewponey, and passes under a low bluff that Is dug out Into houses still in occupation. This canal follows tho river Stour and connects the Severn, where navigable, with the Grand Trunk Canal, that links tlie Mersey with the Trent, and connects the St. George's Channel with the German Ocean. At Stewponey, It Is joined by the Stourbridge canal. This point Is accordingly a centre about which much water traffic gathers, and did gather to a far larger extent before the railroads car ried away tlie bulk of the trade from the canals. Cornelius Rea. landlord of the Stewponey Inn, was in his collar, tapping a cash of ale. He was a stout man, coarse In feature, yet handsome, with one of those vast paunches wblcb caricaturists represent as not uncommon a century ago, but which we never encounter at present. Wo might suppose that these cari catures were extravagant had wo not hero and there preserved, as bequests from the past, ma hogany dining-tablos, with seml-clrclcs .cut out of them for tlio accommodation of the stomachs of stout diners, (To be continued.) 