THE GHOSTS OF WOODSTOCK Ono of the best stories of a haunted house is that which is related of the Royal I'ulace at Woodstouk in tho year 1C49, when tho commissioners sent from London by the Long Parliament to take possession of it and oifuce all tho emblems of Royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fear of tho devil, and tho annoyances thoy suffered from a roguish cavalier, who played tho imp to admiration. The commissioners, dreading at thut timo no devil, arrived at .Woodstock on the 13th of October, 1649. Thoy took up their, lodgings in the lato Krng's apartments, turnod the beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing rooms into kitchens and sculleries ; the council-hall into a brow-houso, and made the dining- room a place to keep firewood in. They pulled down all the insignia of Royal State, and treated with tho ntinosb indignity everything that recalled to their memory the name of the King. Ono Giios Sharp accompanied thorn in the cnpucity of clerk, and seconded their efforte apparently with the greatest zeal. He aided them to uproot u noble old tree, merely because it was called tho King's oak, and tossed the frag ments into tho dining-room to make cheer ful firos for the commissioners. During the first two days they hoard some strange noises about tho house, but they paid no great attention to thorn. On the third, however, they began to suspect they hud got into bad company ; for thoy heard, as they thought, a supernntura! dog under their bed, which gnawed their bedclothes. On the next day the chairs and tables began to dance, apparently of their own ac cord. On the fifth day something came into the bed-chamber and walked up and down, and fetching the warming-pan out of tho withdrawing-room made so much noiso with it that thoy thought five church bells were ringing in their oars. On tho sixth day tho plates und dishes were thrown up and down the dining room. ' On tho seventh day they penetrated -into the bedroom in compiiny with several logs of ivood, and usurped tlio soft pillows intended for tho commissioners. On the eight and nintli nights there was a cessation of hostilities, but on the tenth the bricks-in- the chimneys became locomotive, and rattled and danced about the floors and round the haads of tho commissioners all the niglit long. On tho eleventh the demon run away with their breeches, and on the twelfth filled their beds so full of pewter- platters that they could not get . into them. On the thirteenth night the glass becumo unaccountably' seized with a fit of cracking, und fell into shivers in all parts of the house. On the fourteenth there was a noise us if forty pieces of artil lery had been fired off and a shower of pebble-stoneB, which so alarmed tho com missioners that, "struck with great horror, they cried oub to ono. another for help." They first of nil tried tho efficacy of prayers to drive away the evil spirits, hut, those proving unavailing, they began seriously to roflecb whether it would not be much better to louve tho place altogether to tho \- dovil that inhabited it. They ultimately 'resolved,' however, to try it a' littlo longer, and having craved forgiveness of ail their sins betook I hemselves to bed. That night they slept in tolerable comfort, but it wus merely a trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. . Whon on the suc ceeding night they heard no noises they began to flatter themselves that tho devil was driven out, and prepnrcd accordingly to take up thoir quarters for the whole winter in the palace. These symptoms on their part became tho signal for renewed uproar among tho fiends. On the lsb'of November they heard somothing walking with a slow und solemn piico up and down the wlth- drawing-room, und immediutoly afterwards u shower of stones, bricks,, mortar, and broken glass pelted about their ears. On tho 2nd the steps were aguin heard in the withdrawiug-room, sounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an-enortnous bear; whioh continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noiso having censed, a largo warming-pan was thrown violently upon the tabio, followed by a- number of stones and tho jawbone of a horse. Somo of the boldest walked valiantly into-tho withdrawing-room armed with swords and pistols, but could discover nothing. They were afraid that night to go to sleep, and sat up .making fires in every roam, and burning candles and lamps in great ubuh- duiico, thinking that us the fiends laved darkness they would not disturb a company surrounded with so much light. They wore deceived, iiowever, buckets of water came dawn the chimneys and extinguished the fires, and tho candles wore blown out, they know not how. Somo of tho sorvants, who had betaken themselves to bed, wore drenched with putrid ditcli water as they lay. und arose in greut fright, muttering incoherent prayers, and exposing to tlie wondering oyos of tho commissioners thoir linaii ail dripping witli groan moisture, and their knuckles ted witli the blows thoy had at the same time rocoivod from some in visible tormentors. While they ware still speaking there wus a noise like the loudest thunder or the' firing of a whole park of urtillory, upon which tlie'y all foil down' upon thoir knees and iiqplorod the protec tion of the Almighty ' Orie of the commissioners then arose, the others still kneeling) and asked in n coura geous voice and in the. name of God. who was there, and what thoy had' done that thoy should be troubled; in tliat'munner. No answer was -returned,' . and 'the noises ceased for .awhile/ Atlcngth, however, as the commissioners' said, " the devil cumo again, and brought with it. seven devils worse than itself." : Being again in dark ness, they lighted aeandle and placed it in the doorwnv tlmt it might throw a light upon the two chambers ivt once, but it was suddenly blown out, .und one commissioner said that he hpd " seen the similtlide of a horse's hoof striking tho candle und candle stick into the middle of the chamber, und nfterwards making throe escapes on tlie- snuff to put it out." Upon this the same parson was so bold ns to draw his sword ; but he asserted positively thut ho hud hardly withdrawn it from the scabbard before an invisible hand seized hold of .it and tugged with him for it, and, prevail ing, struck him so violent u blow with tho pommol that he was quito-etnnned. Then tlio noises begun again, upon which, with ono accord, tboy all retired into the pre sence chamber, whore they passed the night praying nnd singing psalms. Thoy wore by this timo convinced that it waB uselesB to Btrngglo-anjr'longor' with the ..powers of evil, that Boomed dotormined to jnake Woodatock'thslr.own. ' . Those- things happened on the Saturday night, and, hoing repeated on the Sunday, they deter mined to leave the place immediately and return to, London. By Tuosday morning early all thoil preparations were completed, and, shaking the dust off.their foot, and do- voting Woodstock . and all its inhabitants to the infernut gods, thoy finally took their depurture. Many years elapsed before tho true cause, of these disturbances was discovered. It was ascertained ut the Restoration that the whole was tlio work- of Giles Sharp, the trusty olerk of the commissioners. This man, whose real name was Joseph Collins, was a concealed Royalist, and had passed his early life within the bowers of Wood- stock, so thut he knew every hole und cor ner of the place, and the numerous trap doors and secret passages that abounded in the building., Tho commissioners, never suspecting the true state of his opinions, but believing liirn to bo revolutionary to tho backbone, placed the utmost reliance upon him ; a confidence which he abueed in the manner above detailed to his own greut umusemont and that of the few cavaliers whom he let into -the secret. 