THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. I On Thursday afternoon, our representative made hia way to the.humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : 'You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering ?' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing Bince then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met 9rith an accident ; ' I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of [»radual dcvelonment of tbe maladv. I was forced to i give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms ?' * | ' Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They wero just about aB much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if 1 a- saw were cntting my bones in two in every part J of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shiverinu and shaking, and could neither eat nor Bleep. On the 23rd March last I - saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeleBS. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order ?' , ' No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor waB attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or Bis weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Tinnnmntnr ntn.xiri. nr ProcreBaive'lOGomntivn ftfcaxv. a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by pecu liar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in coordin ating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw I grasped at an idea conveyed by the adver tisement describing tho cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in tho advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and wbb able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradu ally, but surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You eee those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without, it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' ' He is about 100 per cent, batter,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. ' The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.' A friend who callcd in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. 'I can now,' continued Jarvis, ' have a cold bath, nnd nil the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be abla to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in tho very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. Iam in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a now man. On the mantolpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden tho excrnciating pain. But they can stay where thoy are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the chancre in me. They can hardly believe their eyeB. My being about again haB caused quite a sensation out here.' Suoh iB this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of thiB country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of tl.e blood, such as ancomia, palo and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. All who have travelled by the Messagerios Maritimes (French Mail) boats are loud in their praises of the comfort, civility, and excellent cuisine met with. See list of sailings in these columns, and write for particalars to Company's Office, Queen's Corner, Pifct-flfcreot, Sydney, 