The Storyteller. The Christian. THIRD BOOK.- DEVIL'S ACRE. III. "The Priory, Friday morning. BY HALL CAINE, Author of "The Manxman." "Oh, my dear aunties, don't be terri fied, but Glory has had a kind of a wee big triumph! Nothing very awful, you know, but on Monday night, before a rather larger company than usual, she eang and rtcited and play-acted a little, and as a result all the earth—the Lon don earth—is talking aboujt her, and no body Is taking any notice of the rest «f the world. Every post is bringing me flowers with ribbon* and cards at tached, or illustrated weeklies with my picture and my life In little, and I find it's wonderful what «. lot of things you may learn about yourself if you'll only read the papers. My room at this mo ment is like a florist's window at nine o'clock on Saturday morning, and I have reason to suspect that mine host and teacher, Carl Koenig, F.R.C.0., exhibits them to admiring neighbours when I am out. The voice of that dear old turtle !hae ever £ince Monday been heard in the laud, and besides telling me about Poland day and night from all the sub terranean passages of the house, he has taken to waiting on me like a nigger, and ordering soups and jellies for me as if I had suddenly become an Invalid. Of course I am au able-bodied woman just the same as ever, but my nerves have been on the rack all the week, and 1 feol exactly ac I <sid long ago at Peel when I was a little naughty minx and got up iiito the tower of the old church and began pulling at the bell-rope, you remember. Oh dear !oh dear ! My frantic terror at the noise of the big bells and the vibration of the shaky old. walls ! Once I had begun I couldn't leave off for my life, but went on tug ging and tugging and quaking and quaking tintil—have you forgotten it ? —all the people came running helter skelter under the impression that the town was afire. And then, behold, it was 01/ly little me, trembling like a leaf and crying like a ninny ! I reineniber 1 was scolded and smacked and dis missed into outer darkness (it wae the chip vault, I believe) for that first out break of fame, and now, lest you should warn to mete out the same punishment to me again "Ai>nt Anna; I'm knitting the sweet est little shawl for you dear—blue and white to suit your complexion—being engaged in the evening ouly, and most of the day sole mistress of my own will and pleasure. How charming of me isn't it ? But I'm afraid it isn't, because you'll dee through me like a cullender, for I want to tell you something which 1 have kept back too long, and when I think of it I grow old and wrinkled like a Christmas apple. So you must be a pair of Absolute old angels, nunties, and break the news to grandfather. "You know I told you, Aunt Rachel, to say something for me at nine o'clock* on the Queen's birthday. And you re member that Mr. Drake used to think pearls and diamonds of Glory and pre dict wonderful thing*? for her. Then you don't forget that Mr. Drake had a friend named Lord Robert Ure, com monly called Lord Bob. Well, you see, by Mr. Drake* advice and Lord Bobbie's influence and agency, and I don't know what, I have made one more change— it's to be the last, dears, t.ie very last—in my- Wandering-Jew exist* ence, and now I am no longer a society entertainer, because I am a music-hall art " ... • Glory had written 480, far .when 6>ha dropped the pen and rote from the table w4ping her eyes. "My poor child, you can't tell them, It's impossible ; they would never for give you!" * Then; a carriage, ©topped before the house, the garden bell was rung, and the maid came into the room with a lady's card. It .was inscribed, " Mlas Polly Love," with many splashes and flour ishes. " Ask 'her Tip," aaid Glory. And then Polly came rustling up the staJi'B in a silver-gray silk dress and a noticeable hat, and with a pug-dog tucked under her arm. She looked older and less beautiful. The pink and ivory of her cheeks were coated with powder, atid her light-gray eyes were pencilled. There was the same blemished appear ance as before, and the crack in the vaeo was now plainly visible. Glory had met the girl only once since they parted after the hospital, but Polly kissed her effusively. Then she eat down and began to cry. " Perhaps you wouldn't think It, ray dear, but I'm the most miserable girl in London. Haven't you heard about It ? I thought everybody knew. Robert in going to be married. Yes, Indeed, to morrow morning, to that American heiress, and I hadn't an idea of it until Monday afternoon. That was the day of your luncheon, dear, and I felt sure something wae going to happen, because I broke my looking-glass dressing to go out. Robert took me homeland he be gan to play the piano, and I could dee he was going to cay something. Do you know, little woman, I'm to be married on Saturday T I wonder I didn't drop, but I didn't, and he went on playing. But ir was no use trying, and I burst out and ran Into my room. After a min ute I heard him coming in; but he didn't lift me up as he u«ed to do. Only talked to me over my back, telling me to con trol myself, and what he was going to do far me, and co on*. He used to say a few tears made me nicer looking,, but it waa no good crying—and then he went away." She began to cry again, and the dog In her lap began to howl. " O God S I don't know what I've done to be- co unfortunate. I've not been flash at all, and I never went to cafes at night, or to Sally's or Kate's, as ao many girls do. and he can't say I ever took notice of anybody else. When I love anybody I think of -him last thing at nig-ht and firot thing in the morning, and now to be left alone. . . . I'm sure I shall never live through it 1" •Glory tried to comfort the poor broken creature. It wae her duty to live. Thei*e was her child. Had she never even seen it since she parted with it to Mrs. Jupe? It must be such a darling by this time, creeping about and talking a little, wherever it was. She ought to have the child to live with her ; it would be auch company. Polly kissed the pug to stop its whln iug, and said, " I don't want company. Life isn't the same thing to me now? He thinks because he Is marrying -that woman . . . What better Js ehe than me I would like to know ? She's only snapping at him for what he is. and he is only taking her for what she's got, and I've a greit miud to go to All Saint* and shame them. You wouldn't? Well, it's 'hard to hide one's feelings, but it would serve them right if—lf I did It." Polly had risen with a wild look, and was pressing the pug co hard that it was howling again, but from other causes. " Did what V said Glory. " Nothing . . . that is to say " " You mustn't dream of going to the church. The police " " Oh, it Isn't the police I'm afraid of," said Polly, tossing her Lead. " What then ?" 11 Never mind, my <le&r;," «ald Polly. On the way downstairs she reproached -herself for not seeing what was coming. " But girls like U€ never do, now do we ?" Glory coloured up to her hair, but made no protest At the gate Polly wiped hor eyes and drew down her veil and said, "I'm sorry to say it to your face, my dear, but it's all been that Mr. Drake's doings ; and & girl ought to know he'd do as much himself, and worse. But you'Te a great womtan now, and in everybody's mouth, 00 you needn't care. Only " Glory's face wa« scarlet, and ter' under lip wae Weeding, yet she kissed the poor shallow thing.at parting, be cause she was down, and did not under stand, and lived in another world en tirely. But. going back to where her letter lay unfinished, she thought, " Im possible*! If this girl, living in an at mosphere so different, thinks that . . ." Then she sat at «ihe table and forced her self to tell all. She had got through the red riot of her confession and was writing, "I don't know wh.at toe would think-of it, Dut do you know I thought I saw his face on Wednesday night. It was in the dark, and I was in a cab driving away from the stage door. But so changed ! on. so changed! It must have been a dream, and it was the same as If hia ghost 'had passed me." Then sue became aware of voices In dispute downstairs. First, a man's voice, then the voices.of two men, one of them Koenig's, the other with a haunting ring in it She got up from the table 'and went, to the door of. her. room, going on tiptoe, yet .hardly know ing why. Koenig was saying, "No, salr, de lady docs not lif here." Then, a deep, •strong breast-voice answered, " Mr. Koenig, surely you remember me ?" and Glory's ibeart seemed to beat like a watch. " No-o r sair. Are you . « . Oh, yes ; vhat ami thinking of ? ... But de lady " Mr. Kqeirig," <31ory called, cried, gasped over the stair anil, " ask the gen tleman to come up, pleaae." She hardly knew what happened next, only that Koenig seemed to be mutter ing confused explanations below, and that she was track in her sitting- room giving a glance into -the looking-glass and doing something with her hair. Then there woe a step on the stairs, on the landing, at the threshold, and she fell back a few pacea from the door that she might see him as he came in. He knocked. Her heart was beating so vio lently that she had to keep her hand, over it. '• Who's there ?" " it is I." •• Who's I ?" Then she saw him coming down on her, and the very sunlight seemed to wave like the shadows on a efhlp. He was paler and thinner, 'his great eyes looked weary though they smiled, his ■hand felt bony though firm, and his head was closely cropped. She looked at him for a moment with out speaking, and with a sensation of fulness at her 'heart that was almost choking her. "Is it you ? I didn't know it was you. ... I vrae just thinking. . . ." 8h«? was talking at random, and was out of breath as fr she had been running. "Glory, I have frightened you,** lie »aM, and she noticed that his yolce wa» lower than it used to be. " Frightened V On no ! "Why should you think so ? Perhaps lam crying, but then I'm always doing that nowa days. And besides you are «o " " Yes, I am altered," he said in the pause that followed. " And I ?" " You are altered, too.'* He was look ing at 'her with an earnest and passion ate gaze. It was she —heraelf—<3lory— not merely a vision or c dream. Again he recognised the glorious eyes with, their brilliant lashes and the flashing spot of one of them that had ©o often set his heart beating. She looked back at "blin and Thought, " How ill he must have been," and then a lump came into her throat and she began t,o laugh that she might not begin to cry, and broke out Into broad Manx lest he should hear the tremor in her voice. " But you're coming too, aren't ye ? And you've left that tbeer . . . Aw, it's glad ter'ble I am, as our people say, and it's longin' mortal you'd be for ali, boy." . . Another trill of nervous laughter and then a burst of earnest English. " But tell me, you've come for good—you are not going back to " " No, I am not going back to the Brotherhood, Glory." How friendly his low voice sounded! " And you ?" " Well, I've left the hospital, you see." " Yes, I see," he said. His weary eyes, were wandering about the room, and for the first time she felt ashamed of its luxuries and its flowers. " But how did you find me ?" " I went to the hospital first n "So you hadn't forgotten me ? Do you know, I thought you had quite .. « But tell me at once, where did you go then ?". He was silent for a moment, and she said, "Well?" I (rent to Mr. DrakeV cham bers." " I don't know why everybody should think that Mr. Drake " Hla great eyas-were fixed on her face and hi* mouth was quivering, and to prevent htm from speaking she put on a. look of forced gaiety, and Mid, "But How did you light on me at last V M I meant to find you. Glory," he said, "if I tramped all London over, end everybody dented you-*o me"—the lump in her throat waa hurting her dread* folly—" but I chanced to see the name over the music hall." She saw it coming and broke into laughter, and talked rapidly, frivolously, ■at random. " The music hall! Only think ! You looking at music hall*!" " I was there on 'Monday night," he answered. " You ? Monday ? Then perhaps It was not my fancy that I saw you by the stage do " Her nerve 9 were get ting more nnd more excited, and to calm them she crossed her arm* above her head. "So they gave you my address «t the stage door, did they V ■ "No, I wrote for it to Peel." " Peel ?" She caught !her breath, and her arms came down. "Then perhaps you told them where " " I told them nothing, Glory." She looked at him through Tier eye* lashes, her head held down. . " Not that it matters, you know. I've just been writing to them, and they'll .500n... . .. But, oh, I've.so muck to say, and I can't say it here. Couldn't we go eoniewhere ? Into the park or on. to the heath, or farther—much farther-* the room is do small and I feel as if I've "been suffocating for want of air." " I've something to say, too, and if » " Then let it bo to-morrow morning, and we'll staTt early, and you'll bring me back in time for the theatre. Say Paddington Station at eleven—will that do ?" " Yes." i She saw him to tlie gate, and when ho. was going ©he wanted him to kiss her hand, so she pretended to do the nlgl* hand-shake, but. he only held it for a moment and looked steadily into her eyes. The sunshine was pouring into the garden, and she was bare-headed. Hor hair was coiled up, and she was wearing a light morning blouse. He thought she had never looked so beauti* ful. On getting into the omnibus nt the , end of the street 'he took a letter out . of his breast- pocket, and, being alone, he first carried it to his lips, then re 4 opened and read it. " See ber at once, dear John, and keep in toxteh with her, and I ahall be frappy and relieved. As for your father, that old Chaise is going crazy, and is send ing Lord Ktorm crazy, too. He has ac tually discovered that the dust the witch walßs on who has cast the evil eye on you lice hi front of Glenfaba gate, and he has been sweeping It up o' nights, and scattering it in front of Knockaloe ! What simplicity ! There are only two women here. Does the -silly old gawk mean Rachel ? or 1a It, perhaps, Aunt Anna ?" And while the omnibus joggled down the street, and the pale young clergy man with the great weary eyes waa pouring over nis letter, Glory waa sit ting at her table and writing with fly* ing fingers and a look of enthusiastic ecstasy— " I've had three bltee at this cherry. But who do you think* has just been here ? John—John Storm ! But then you know that he is back, and it wasn't merely my fancy that I saw him by the stage door. It seems as If people havo been denying me to him, and he has been waiting for me and watching over me" (blot). " Hie voice is co low—but I suppose that comes to people who are much alone—and he is bo thin and «> pale, and his eyes are so large, and they have that deep look that cuts into the heart. He knew he was changed, and I think he was ashamed" (blot), "but of course I didn't let whit I was taking notice, and I'm so happy for bis sake, poor fellow, that he has escaped from his cage in that salvation zoo that I know I shall make them split their sides Jn the theatre to-night" (blot, blot). "How tiresome! This Ink must have sjot water in it somehow, and then my Handwriting Is such a hop-*kip-and-a- Jump anyway. But, -hoots !— Why shouldn't I love Johnny ? And why shouldn't Johnny love me? GLORY." (To be continued.) 