A LEADER OF HEN. AN AUSTRALIAN ROMANCE. CHAPTER XVIII. (continued). Alvarez is Jealous. "Poor old Alvarez. He tackled me once on this subject. I had written some doggerel about Julian (Julian was the baritone of the company) and the signor wanted to set it to music. Great Caesar's ghost. It was the most awful stuff you can imagine, worse than an English translation of a French opera bouffe. There were long feet and short feet, fair rhymes and false rhymes, and the sentiment was just too ridiculous for anything. Yet I suppose it made a jingle in his Italian ears, and I believe he did get bold of a copy and write some music for it. Then be asked me about the opera, and I exploded. Since then we have not been exactly friendly. He tells people that I am deficient in fine feeling, represents me in fact as a rather superior kind of larrikin." Mr. Braesey laughed and showed his fine white teeth, of which he was amazingly proud. It was said that it was his teeth more than his legs that caused him to be the recipient of innumerable scented billets doux from young ladies moving in the very best of society in every town in which the company performed. There was a general move at the tables. The ladies secured their wraps, the gentlemen donned their tweed caps, and all went on deck. One or two young Tasmanians returning home after a holiday were particularly assiduous in attending to the ladies, but they were not successful in entering the charmed circle, of which Lilian and Alice were the acknowledged leaders, much as they were desirous of doing so. The Signor was pacing up and down puffing at a cigarette, which ever and anon he removed from his lips while he hummed some dainty air. He stopped as he saw Lilian. " Is it not beautiful V he said. " See the moon is just rising, and presently she will flood these lazy looking billows with her light. Why is not life always like this 1" "We should get very tired of it if it were," interjected Alice, coming to the rescue of Lilian. " Fancy being cooped up in a ship with a walk of about a hundred feet long by about thirty wide, and the only relief from it all falling overboard. Ugh 1" " There are worse deaths than drowning," said the Signor earnestly. " For myself I would like to sink in the bosom of the ocean never to rise again." " Mrs. Hammond," almost shrieked Alice, " come and keep this abominable musician in order." " Abominable," quoted Alvarez angrily. He had never been able to completely master the subtleties of the Ecglish language, and he accepted every word spoken in its literal sense. "Ab ominable ! I think you are most rude, Miss Norman. Abominable musician ! This is the Australian manners." And he stalked away in high dudgeon. " There. You wont hear any more about the opera to-night, Lil. I've offended him properly, and he wont speak to any of us again until to morrow. Let us make ourselves at home. Here, dad, bear a hand with the chairs. You are our cavalier." Beevis bustled round in his good-natured way, and having seen the three ladies reclining at ease and well wrapped up, he went off to join the men .n the smoking-room. « it Alvarez walked gloomily along the deck, looking neither to the left nor the right. There was an angry flush on his face. The cigarette had been thrown away, and he was muttering to himself in his own language, a sure sign of perturbation of spirit. Some little time afterwards Alice slipped down below to get something out of her cabin. At the same moment Alvarez stopped opposite Lilian and asked abruptly— "Why are you so much with that girl ?" " vVith Miss Norman, Signor ? She is my friend." " She is not a good friend for you. She is not of your class. Why is it that I do not see more of you? Why should you give up all your time to that—beast ?" " Come, come, Signor. That is quite enough," said peaceful Mrs. Hammond, quite bristling up, " I wont have you talking like that. Do you hear V " Ah, if all women were like you and Miss Howard," said Alvarez, bowing politely. " But it is not so," he added, and resumed his walk. " Poor man," remarked Lilian. Oh, he's all right," cried Mrs. Hammond, but at times I have no patience with him. I want to take him up and shake bim like a dog does a rat. He gets an idea into his head that everyone in the company is plotting against him, and he makes himself quite miserable." " Listen !" Lilian held up a warning finger. Brassey was singing. The moon had just made her appearance in all her glory, and Brassey, like all people connected with the stage, being ex tremely theatrical in his doings had struck up— " Pair moon to thee I sing, Bright regent of the heavens." Whether it was that the time was apposite or whether it was that those who listened were not disposed to be critical, influenced as they were by a delicious sense of restfulness, Brassey had never seemed to have sung so well before. If he had been aBked for a song he would have declined the invitation in a manner more vigorous than polite, but the scene had inspired him, and he excelled himself. There was a clapping of hands as he concluded, followed by a request for more. " Where's Miss Howard ? And Miss Norman?" rang out a chorus of voices. Alice was on deck again, her face bright with mischievous glance0. " Come along, Lil," she said, " this is like leaving off work to carry bricks, but I feel wicked enough for anything to-night, and if we are to sing ourselves hoarse let's do it and lay up in eucalyptus to-morrow." She dragged the somewhat unwilling Lilian to the stern of the ship, where a merry little company had congregated. " Here we are. Who calls ?" cried Alice in a high falsetto. " A madrigal from us has been requested," sang Julian, the baritone, in approved recitative fashion, " and if you girls have now sufficiently rested we'll do our best our jovial friends to please by singing to them as they sit at ease." " Pom, Pom," filled in Brassey, imitating two chords, and the improvisation was hailed with much delight. " The madrigal," someone shouted. And forthwith they sang that delightful writing from "The Mikado," and they would have con tinued singing all night if they had not been able to resist the demands of their importunate fellow passengers. Eventually, however, Lilian and Alice walked back to their seats. On the way they encountered Alvarez. He stopped Lilian by laying his hand upon her arm. " Why do you sing for those fellows ?" he asked roughly. " Why should I not?" she replied, woman like asking another question. 4< Because they are not—because you will injure your voice." Whatever he had been going to say he quickly changed his mind. 14 Ob," said Lilian lightly, " I am not likely to do my voice any barm. The air is quite warm." " You do not sing for me like that." The Signor spoke sharply. " You have never asked me to do so. I would always sing for you because you were so good to me before I got my engagement." " Ah, that was nothing. Forget it. But you will really sing for me, for me alone ? "To be sure I would. Whenever you ask me." « tt « " Ah." He drew a long breath, and then added, Always ?" Always ? You would soon get tired." I should never get tired of you," he said, speaking rapidly and thickly. "It would be a communion of souls you to sing for me and I to ; play for you, always for ever. Never to be apart from each other, to live in each other and for each other." He pressed more closely to her, and endeavored to seize her hand. Lilian drew back instinctively. The full force of the words used by Alvarez had not struck her; She thought he was laboring under some excite ment or bad been drinking more than w^s good for him. But as she gazed at him she saw that there was that in his eyes which spoke of passion, of desire, and there came back to her with a rush of memory the words used by Mrs. Bessemer. "Alvarez of the Imperial Opera Company was the man." She turned pale. " I think you hardly realise what you have been saying, Signor Alvarez," she said coldly, and was walking away when he followed her up and exclaimed— "But yes I do know. And I mean it every word." " Then I am the mere surprised," was Lilian's rejoinder as she left him. " Take care," Alvarez cried after her. " Take care. If there is another man I will kill him." Lilian returned to Mrs. Hammond and Alice full of indignation, but she was too proud to take them into her confidence. The Signor's threat was unheeded. It was humiliation she felt, humilia tion because Alvarez had apparently wished to place her on the same level as Mrs. Bessemer. All the wretched past which she had been striving to bury came back to her with redoubled vigor. Her self-esteem had received a cruel blow. "What did that excitable foreigner want?" yawned Alice. " Oh, nothing." Lilian could not trust herself to say more, but Mrs. Hammond, who had not passed half her lifetime among musical cranks without gaining that foresight which passes for great wisdom, fancied that there was a tone of distress in the girl's voice. " T shall give the Signor a good talking to in the morning," she said. " Oh, don't," cried Lilian, " don't say anything to him on my account, please," and Mrs. Hammond reluctantly gave the promise, although she re served to herself the right of keeping her sharp eyes on the excitable Italian. (To be continued/ 