mmmm. SENSATIONS OF A DROWNING MAN 1 Drowning is a pleasant death ' is the re mark constantly made by those who never gulped down salt water into the delicate tissues of their lungs. . . As a lad I was bathing in rongh weather on the beaoh of a watering-place in Northern France. Swept -out to sea, I struggled, sank, beoame insen sible, and was saved by the courage and skill of a gallant Frenohman — who wrote his name that day in my mother's New Testa ment as a memorial of the reone. This was all. Tho circumstances were ordinary. A thousand such may occur every year. Psychologically, however, there are points of interest which arise principally from the fact that I remember all that happoned dur ing a period of time which may have been four or five minutes, but whioh appeared to be as many hours. Almost immediately I entered the water, the muoh-resounding roar of +he waves struck me as desolating and sorrowful — full of foreboding and terror. Ashamed of this fanoy, I instinctively bat foolishly fought my way seawards, and was promptly oat of my depth ; not because I intended to run any risk, for I oonld not swim, but beoause the strong ourreut had soooped out a hol low in the sandy bottom, whioh had six feet of water on the top of it. Tumbled over by the waves, the concentrated agony of the moment when the water closed over my head for the first time cannot be described. It was the bitterest point of the struggle. Oruel and omnipotent foroe, without warn ing or reason, surrounded me, and my frantic and determined efforcs to escape only in creased tbe pent- up passion to cease holding my breath and to inhale onoe more. 1 felt instinotively, as I writhed in the oold, blaok water, that if once I sucoumbed to the temptation to expel my breath, wiiioh al most hurst the ribs in my angry efforts to retain it, the end would oome ; that I should be compelled to breatho inwards while cov ered with the pressing salt water. At chis time I must have given way, and the dreaded Btream of air bubbles rose to the surface. A ..few weeks before I had watched the drown ing of a oat in the olear water of a running stream. The animal was tethered to a stone, and had fought with upturned face for liberty. When the bubbles rose in a silver fountain from the corners of its mouth, it stood at the bottom swaying in the geutlo onrrent, turned over, and after one final struggle gave up the ghost. This soene oame vividly before me. I thought of this wretched cat, and was half amused to think that my case was the case of the cat. There was no fear ; tbe actual circumstances filled my attention, and the piteous longing to escape and the inability of my efforts sud denly beoame subordinated to the fueling of intolerable pain. Eyes, obest, limbs, were all one solid pain. Just theu I touobed the sandy bottom with my fingers and knee, and hastily snatched a handful of sand and water to thrust in my mouth to end this struggle for air. All I wanted waB to end the pain. No thought of death, except as an interest ing and immaterial factor in the situation, oame over me. It is true that I remembered that I should be missed when dinner-time oame and I was found missing ; and thinking of the home-people, I thought of a blue tie I had left on a chest of drawers in my bedroom, whioh I had in tended to put on. Then, suddenly, I found my eyes above water for a second, and I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank again, and was consoious of relaxing effort and sinking out of a conscious state to one in whioh one dreamed without knowing what the dreams were. From this I awoke in great pain in the eentre of a orowd on the beaoh, whither my resouer had borne me. My first thought was one of infinite and un reasoning shame ; but the nausea caused by Bwallowing so muoh salt water quiokly brought me back to earth again. 