4 BEWARE !' AN EPISODE. Br T. W. Speight, in Argosy. The incident I am about to narrate happened many years ago, when I waB a yonng fellow of two or three-nod- twenty. . The month waa . September. My ineoa x unora ana 1 naa spent tne pre ceding three weeks together in a walking tour, doing the thing in leisurely fashion, and stopping to sketch anything that took our fancy by the way. We were both artists by profession, and baring done with the schools, were gathering hints and materials for the pictures we hoped to have in readinesB for one or other of the spring exhibitions. Foiford, however, had. been compelled to leave me a couple of days earlier, aud I was uow finishing my tonr alone. The dull aatotnn afternoon was be . ginning to close in when the feet dawned upon me that I bad lost my way. The route I had laid down for myself led across a wide range of desolate moorland, one portion of which pertained to Derby shire and the other to the neighbouring county of York. I had nothing bat a foot track to guide me, and it was now ; evident that at a point where it bifor- I cated I mast have taken the wrong path. The discovery was not a pleasant one. ' I ought to have been at Yarfield by thia i time, where my friend Dncie, whose father was rector there, would.be looking . out for my arrive). When I baited to j consider my position I could see the ! track I was followiog winding ou and | on, like a narrow faded ribbon, across the heathy uplands, till Dually it dis appeared over a ridge a couple of miles or more away. Gradually the evening closed in, till the last trace of twilight faded out of the sky, and therewith the track be came wholly indistinguishable. By thie time I waa 'pretty well fagged out, so, having found a convenient boulder, I Bat down on it, and lighting my pipe, waited for the moou to rise, which I knew it do abont an honr later. I had a little sherry in my flask, and this, with half a captain's biscuit, made another man of me. By half-past eight the .moon had risen sufficiently to light me on my way. A walk of three orfoor miles brought ma gradually down from -the lofty range of moorland which I had been traversing for so maoy boars into a narrow valley, through which tan a high road, bounded on either side by a wall of loose stones. MnOra ma o nn eirm nf hnmaw lifa wiatkln and nothing whatever to guide me, end whether to turn to the right or left I knew not. After a moment's hesitation I turned to the light, and plodded wearily on. At length a welcome gleam of light greeted my eyes, and presently I found myself iu front of a long, low, stone- built house, with a eteep roof and deep eaves aod iozeoge-paned windows set in lead. On one side of it wee fixed a water-trough, overshadowed by two spreading elms. Ab far as I could dis cern, no other house stood near. A swinging sign proclaimed it for an ino, a fact which was farther emphasised by the fignre of a burly carter, whose team was standing close by, and who was just then engaged iu paying his respects to a tankard of ale. A sigh of relief escaped me. Not a step farther would I badge till the morrow. As I walked np to the door the carter set down hiB empty tankard and then, with a crack of hie whip and a ' Gee op, my beauties,' got his team under way, which presently lumbered off down the moou- lit road. The opeu door of the inn revealed to me a low-ceiiioged room, with a sanded floor and a wooden settle running round two sides of it, together with a conple of not overclean deal tables, on which were the ring-marks of many a pewter or earthenware measure. The room was lighted by two common tallow caudles in tin sconces over the fireplace, and its only occupant was a woman, who was bending over the fire as I went in, but who turned quickly and confronted me at the eonnd of my footstepB oo the sanded floor. Lifting my hat, I eaid: 1 Can yoa oblige me by letting me have some supper aod a ted F ' She was a thio, middle-aged, careworn- looking . woman, dressed in a common print gown with a black etoff apron. Her eyelashes were perfectly white, and" shaded narrow, greenish-grey eyes, which looked at me with an expression snch as I had never seen in the eyes'of anyone before . Cruelty and cunning were to be read there— or eo it eeemed to me. I was a very yonng man, and in those days my imagination oft in ran away with me, bat the impression the woman made opon me was anything bat favour able. ' Before replying to my qnestion she considered tne with a alow comprehen sive Bttre, holding ah elbow' in the hollow of either hand as she did so.' Then, speaking in low smooth tones, ehe' said : Sapper and a bed did.yon Bay, sir ? We don't generally find folk with beds; bat I'll ask my husband and Jet you know,' \- With that ehe disappeared into au inner room," ao'd shut the door behind .her: and presently there reached me the murmur of a man's deep tones. Then tbe door was opened, and there ionnged into view, a heavy-browed, cad&verouB-faced; fellow, middle-aged and with grizzled , hair, which was covered- by a cap .made of .the skin of some animal with the hair outside. He wore a "frayed velveteen coat "and gaitera,-aud was smoking a short clay pipe. He, too, took me in from. top .to toe before speaking, and I saw a sudden gleam come into his eyes as they rested for a moment on some feature of my apparel. Ciuld it be thp diamond stud < which fastened my collar, and which my: 1nr>Hp t.tR allowed to be - eeen." that - -had elicited that Bwift gleam of cupidity ?; -Either that or my watch-guard, or both.' You want Bome supper.. aod . a -faed, toy miesua telle me, ' growled the fellow without removing hfe "iYeli;"ybui can neve em. wren— wuy u»> nc potjhedop his'cap alittle way, scratched lue head for a .moment or tvro. and theh' at that .toomeat .were anything but, enviable. - .. . hanyinjg a hrasa ca«dleBa« di, ja; -fish ted icahdleiii it, tud cled -thev<way< xoom&tbehouse;, Altl.oVe| was caoded, there wbb a substantial mahogany table, with hair-seated chairs and a aofa, all, however, much the worse for wear. A few cheap priota decorated the walle. ' We have nothing iu the house, eir, bat some cold ribs of beet, unless yoa would prefer eggs and bacon,' said the woman, who spoke in a tone which im plied a certain amount of education. 'The beef. will do capitally,' I answer ed, with a cap of tea, hot and strong.' I had had eggs and bacon put before me so often in the course of the past fort night that I felt a if I should never want to eet eyes on them again. When the woman was gone I divested myself of my knapsack, and tossed it aod my eketcb-book on the sofa. ' Then I est down on the most comfortable chair I could God, aod proceeded to consider my position. Certainly I liked neither the man's looks nor those of his wife, and, taken together, they filled me with au indefinable senBe of mi-trust, while something eeemed to whisper to me to be ou my guard. Then I told myself that waut of food and over-fatigue - were breeding a lot of ridtcnloos notions in my head, and that my landlord and his wife were probably two as honest and well-meaning folk as could have been found in the country- side, although not, perhaps, of the moat prepossessing appearance. After a sound night's sleep I should wake up and laugh at myself for my preposterous fancies. Next moment I opened my eyes veiy wide indeed. Into the room, carrying the tray con tain iog my eupper, cams one of the fiueat specimens of youthful womanhood it had ever been my good fortune to set eyes on. She was tali, with a figure which might, have been modelled on the lines of Jono, fell, firm, and . rounded, and ehe was probably about twenty years old. Her features were as nearly pure Grecian as one ever eeee them in these northean latitudes; her complexion had tbs clear paleness of an ivory carving, bnt it was the pallor of perfect health. Her brow waB low and broad ; thick silky coils of raVen hair were twisted round her shapely heed, while the large luminous eyes which she beat upon me were jet black as to colonr, but had in them a strangely wistful, even pathetic expression which I was wholly at a loss . to acconnt for at the time,.bot which after-knowledge folly explained. She was dressed in a bine and white cotton half-go wo, with a petticoat of some dark staff, and I noticed that her large, but finely-abaped hands were somewhat ruuguoucu wuu -ultra wuik. it wwurau impossible that eo stately a creature should be a daughter of two snch people as my host and hostess ; equally impossible that ehe should be an ordinary domestic drudge. My artistic instincts awoke on the j instant. ' What a splendid model ehe would make f was my first thought. 1 wonder whether it would be possible to. get her to eit to me.' ' Can you tell me how far it is from here to Yarfield !' I asked, as ehe pro ceeded to arrange the sapper things. I had already noticed that ronnd her neck was a ribboo, from which hung a small square of cardboard, the purpose of which I was at a loss to imagine. Thie she now turned and held so that I could see what wee written on it. I am Damb,' were the words I read there. 'Great heaven ! what a terrible mis fortune !' £ involuntarily exclaimed alond ; but before I had recovered from my stupefaction ehe had left the room. Evidently, however, ehe was not deaf as well as dumb, or she would not have heard the question I put to her. ' I must try and make some arrangement to-morrow for gettiog her to Bit to me,' was my mental remark ae I drew my chair up to tbo table and proceeded to attack the ribs of beef. It was certainly a disappointment when, my hanger satisfied, - 1 rang the bell, to- have it responded to by my landlady ; and I may here remark that, greatly to my regret, I eaw nothing more of my youthfol Juno. In answer to a question, my landlady informed me, in a grudging sort of way, that the girl was an orphan niece, and that she had lost her speech when a child through the shock of 6eeing her father accidentally killed. Altar ordering a glass of grog ' for the good of the house,' as the saying goee, which, however, I fonnd too rile to be drinkable, I rang the bell again and asked to be shown to my bedroom, for by thia time it was alt I conld do to keep awake. . After having bidden my landlady good-night and locked my room door behind her, I proceeded to take stock of my surroundings. The house was evidently a structure of eome antiquity, and at one time had probably been the home of some well-to-do family, seeing that the walls of my bedroom were panelled, with oak, now black with age, as were also the walls of the corridor which led to it. The bedstead, too, which was a massive four-postor with faded moreen hangings, together. . with the rest of the foroiture, might have be longed to the same period, they being all of substantial mahogany. When -staying for die night in strange inn's, I always made a point of satisfying myseit as to tne dryness of the bed linen, and more than once it happened that I preferred to rest the night through on a chair rather than trust myself to its tender, merries. So now, holding the csndle aloft with one hand, with the other I Sung back the outer coverings of the 'bed. Next moment I started "back with an inarticulate cry of surprise and alarm. In the- middle of the bed and only a few /inches lower . than the pillow,' lay a long - harrow-bladed, mur derous-looking knife, which caught and flnpg bick the candle-light with a chill, steely glitter, each as, under the citrcum- i stances; «as eooagh to make a an'i blobdirana»ld! " HoV long J should have elood and tared at it I know not, had not my eyee jbeen attracted by another object lying 'it)5n,_an!ihfifa br two of the knife. On sfaeodingqver.Ttowtiut Of papenptimed to the -pillow. A mo- meht .-bufficed tbuuplh it and-possee mjrseii jhf it;; :'!;Op ere "jfokfjMf- «pnwting band, but whether .a manVor wbmahteeves impossible to jodge, waa written" uriiat;lwy|h|>ewt?.5That thewatn- 'jr - I could not doubt, nor was it hard to gnesa that it was the dumb girl who had been at the pains of doing me this great service. That indefinable aometbiog which had looked at me out of her eyes when her gin met mine was now made clear to me. She had wanted to warn me against eome bidden danger, but bad not known how to do it. None the less effectual, however, had been the plan her woman's wit bad ultimately bit upon. My heart went out in silent gratitude to her as I Bat there. ' But not much time must be given to reflection. It behoved me to be np and doing. That my life was in imminent danger there was no room to doubt. Tbe first thing I did was to pick up the knife and examine it. I could not repress an inward Bhudder as I ran my thumb lightly along its keen edge. Armed with it, any possible assailants would hardly fail to find me a daogerons customer to deal with. ' My next step was to examine the I room more thoroughly than I had yet done. Tbe door, of substantial oak, had. been locked by me, and I now satisfied myself that it waa next to impossible for aoyone to obtain admission that way. The window had for sole opening a narrow casement which a child of six wonld have bad a difficulty in squeezing through. The chimney, as » means of either iogreas or egreBg, was equally out of the question. Under the bed there was nobody hidden. From what quar ter waB the danger to be looked for ? I have already mentioned that tbe room waa a wainscoted one. 'Snch things as sliding panels have been heard of before to- day,' I muttered to myself ; and with that 1 began to test the wood work, panel by panel, dramming lightly on each with the fingers of my right hand. Ah 1 here it one that sounds differently from the rest, that ringe hollow, and as if there were an opening behind it. I teat it further, and it vibrates slightly under my hand. Doubt less it can be opened from the other aide by means of a hidden Bpring. It ia from this quarter that my clanger will come. So for I am satisfied. The bedstead stood in one corner, about a couple of feet removed from the wall. While examining the room I had noticed that behind the bead of the bed there was a bell-pull fixed to a wire in the ceiling, which, however, bad been cat short at a height of six feet or bo from the ground. A sudden thought struck me. In my knapsack was a small ball of string (useful for various purposes when touring), which I now looked for proceeded to tie one end of it to the fragment of bell-rope, and then, after catting a slit in the hangings, 1 carried the string through the bole thus made to a point nnder the pillow, where my hand could readily grasp it. By the time this was effected my candle had burnt down to its last half- inch, and five minutes later I should be in darkness. Having taken off my coat, vest, necktio and collar, and loospned my braces, I drew aside the check window blind so ae to allow each feint light as was afforded by the moon, which wae now hidden behind a fleece of filmy cloud, to permeate the room. Then, just aB my caodle guttered down and went out suddenly, I kicked off my slippers and Bcrambled into bed. A minute later I bad fixed myself iu tbe position iu which I intended to swait whatever might happen Erst. My right hand, bidden by tbe bed-clothes, grasped the knife ; my left band bad bold of the etriog. I lay directly facing the panel through which I felt assured that anyone who counted on taking me un awares would make his appearance. Should the necessity arise, I riiuld slip oat at tbe back of the bed and thus have have it between myself and my assail ants. A feint silvery light pervaded the room in which all objects looked vague and ghost-like. So long aa the need of action was upon me, so long did my nerves main tain their tension, bnt no<v there was nothing for " me to do save to lie where I was and wait, a great fear and depres sion took hold of me, and thongh atill resolved, should tbe necessity arise, to aelt my life as dearly as possible, it seemed to me that there was very little likelihood of my issuing from that room alive. Of course in any encounter a great deal wonld depend on the number of my assailants. For augbt I knew to the contrary my laodlord might have three or four confederates below-stairs, in which case my chances of escape would be email indeed. Snch aod each-like were the dirquiet- ing thoughts tbit kept me company as I lay there.lieteniog aB I had never listened before for the coming of I knew not what. At length it came — a sound of stealthy footsteps oo the Btairs, but eo faint that but for the midnight stillness which per vaded the house; it would have been inandible. Nearer came the sound, pausing at my door for a moment and then pasting on. Presently it ceased and then X heard the momentary creaking of a door, as it might be that of the room next mine. Evidently the crucial moment was at band. Taking a firmer grip of my knife and satisfying myself that the string had not escaped from my grasp, I 6xed my eyes on the wainscoting opposite me, and, ectrcely breathing, waited. A few seconds passed and then, almost Without a sound, the panel which bsdrnughollow to my finger-tips glided back, and there, framed by the cavity stood my villain- onB-tooking landlord and hie wife he carrying a knife almost the counterpart of mine, and she holding aloft a lighted lantern 'with a horn alide. They stood staring at me while one might have counted eix slowly, aa I lay there with narrowed lids to all appearances feet asleep. ; Then the man made a step f up ward into the room. closely followed by the womao, bat the instant they had fltme po there came a loud imperative ringug at a bell below-stairs. Never were two people more startled than my would-be assassins. They gazed at each other th dumb terror for a moment or tifro, af?67 which they vanished as hoise- featiy as they had eome,. riming the 'jntoel brinnd tbem. ;; /VWhst I'jhad done, was rimply . to prull fheletnhgtietweeii thy fingers ae for as It iifoaiA yield and tben let it go. My irmf(lfeftt/na>wemd its purpose aven irejpimpletBly than I hod vehtsihflto from -pertain that 'the' nfeSfltfeerbhld BOl letwn wheo oBM to'.1, -- -" - they had got over their fright, and al though I was worn-out with fatigue I durst not venture to cloee my eyes for a moment, lest, in my own despite, I Bhonld fall fast asleep. Well was it for me I did not; seeing that in less than an hour tbe man and hie wife were back again. I was still lying to all seemiog just as they had left me. It struck me that the man had been drinking heavily in the interim, probably with the object of stimulating bis courage. As before there was a certain hesitancy in their movements ; and, as beforr, stood and fixed me with their eyes, ae if to make sure I was really asleep. Then it wae that a hollow voice, which seemed to proceed from behind them, broke the silence. ' Wretches ! an unseen eye is watching yon,' it said, and cIobs upon the words the bell rangagain. A low cry broke from the woman, and for a space of several Beconde tbey both eeemed paralysed. Then, with aBhen feces, tbey slunk quietly back ont of sight, shutting the panel behind them. Thie time I had brought into Tequiri tiou my skill ae an amateur ventriloquist. It was an acquirement I hsd cultivated as a boy, greatly to my father's annoy ance, but bad rarely practised it of late years. By what simple means ia an evil purpose sometimes defeated ! I was not disturbed again. - Daring the rest of the nigbt I slept by fits and starts, a few minntes at a time. Nevar was daybreak more welcome to me than it was that morning.- I was downstairs at an early honr, and having paid my bill, I set out at once. Neither bite nor sup more would I have in that accursed houee. I eaw no one bnt the landlady. She stared curiously at me out of her grey-green eyes, and I returned the look with inter est. Then her gaze fell before mine. I would fain have seen aud thanked the dumb girl, to whom I felt that I owed my life ; hut, for her own sake, I durst not ask for her. At a cur ve of the road I turned to take a last look at the house. Something seemed to tell me that tbe girl was watching my "departure from an upper window, but as the woman was also watching me from the doorway I was afraid to wave her any signal of farewell, and so had to go on my way, a little sad at heart to think that her fortunes should iu any way be linked with .those of the two wretches from whom I had bad bo narrow .an escape. I told my tale to the police authorities at Yarfield, leaving them to take such steps as the circumstances seemed to WflrrflTll r hoard af lortnovda fhaf <>n going to the inn, they found it shut np and its inmates gone. Garnock and his wife — for that was the precious couple's name — for reasons best known to them selves, had disappeared without a word to anyone. Tbey bad only lately been put temporarily in charge of the house, the owner having lately died and the property not having yet found a pur chaser. It seems that their reputed niece bad only bets staying with them for some few days prior to their disap pearance, and that no one io tbe neigh bourhood knew anything of her history. But many a time and oft in the years which have come and gone since then has the image of that beautiful dumb girl haunted my dreams both sleeping and when awake. Once again, some eix or seven years later, I saw her, but only for a space of a few seconds. It was on the terrace at the Crystal Palace on a firework night; while tbe whole vast assemblage of feces was lighted up with colonred fire. She was standing within a dozen yards of me, leaning on tbe arm of a stalwart- looking young man, her husband unmis takably. It seemed to me as though my eyee had been drawn to her face by the attractive force which her own io tense gsze exercised over me, for that ehe bad been the first to see and recog nise me was evident. As fsr as I could judge, she seemed both well and happy ; but the light went out as suddenly as it had come white I was still staring, rooted to the spot. At once I began to make my way through tbe crowd, towards the place where she had been standing, but when the light flashed out again ehe was nowhere to be seen. 