the novelist. THE LOYE THAT LIVES. OHAPTER UlI. \ Po not bo hard on mo, Llna ; I lovo little Pearl, jitee, dear ; yon cannot nndorataod. My heart ie like dead eahca, my soul is dead within my body ; I have no interests in life, no pleasure ; 1 live, yet I am doad ; the only thing that baa survived in me is ,my. love for little Pearl- -that is the only love which dotyn, trampled upon, its Iosvob bruiocd, its oolours faded, its fragranoo gone, oan art restore it, Linn, i JTo Sower trampled into tho soil was over so ontircly oruahhed as I am. So not ask mo to reveal mynolt. ,1, promise you this freely and of my own acoord, that if, ever I think my husband would wish mo . pak. again with him I will pome to you. If I never have that .thought, I shall nevor come.' j, ..Madolin found that all persuasion was nsoloss. I, line' had but this one distant gleam of hopo, that in nfcbo. future Elaino might liston to reason und make \- herself known. I hive, bronght you a heavy burdon of sorrow,' , oho said ; ' that I know well, Line. I wish it could . hn vo Im'.oii otherwise. Give mo aomo comfort ; Bay .that I havo done well.' ' You have done woll in ipoaking to mo now,' answered Msdolin ; 'but you have aotod neithor jrlsely nor woll lo koopiog such a secret. And you rbfily. mean, Elaine, that we are to part now. and ; to keep this terriblo seoretof yours V But they did so part, though with many tears, with loving woods, with free generous pardon, with kindly wishes. ' : "When Madolin Bricrton re-onterod the drawiog- room at Son th wold that night, Lady Marolio looked at her in wpndsr. £5' What have you douo to yourself, Lina,' she asked. ' Ton look ton years older than before you went' out,1 'I havo soon tho ghost of my youth, aunt,' she answered, with a emile and a sigh. Madolin Briortou was so complotoly bowildorcd V»» tillaina'a ofvanrra Mffnlntlnn t.hftf. tlhn fUd tint. :noV bow to live undor it. That at ono blow hor Ife wafl in ruine around her was nothing. It wan hor immeasurable wonder— hor unntterablo surprise . '—that distressed bor. Whilo Elaine stood in her ' Presonco talking to her, she did not feel one half the pain that afterwards oame to her— alio had been too completely overwhelmed; but, now that she jjraoelone, and had leisure to think, eho could not realise what she had beard. She ouuld not betievo \- In her owe thoughts — thoy eeomod more like eomo delirious dream. ;She had loved Elaino so woll, eho bad mouruod her - as dead, her wholo life bad been is some measure kaddenod by the loss of her. She had sceu all 'the grief that bor kindest and best friends bad endured through tho loss of bi r. She had so long believed her dead that sho could not realise the fact har being still alive, that sho liad seen Lor, , ppoken to her, kissed bur, wept over ber ; it seemed as impossible as it was incredible. 'Elaino living.' , She ijdd the words over and over again to berBelf. Elaine was living, and not dead. Still the fact was ' linof edible— she could not believe it. She oat in her own room, quite still and motion- less, stunned, as tboagh hor brain bad received oms terriblo shock. At tirst all other thooght was absorbed in the one great wonder that Elaino lived -that she hod really seen aod spoken to ber — that the cruel sea did not bold bor — that she did not die on that terrible night, when it to sourncd that all was lost— that all these months, whilo tho sun bad been rising and setting, as they believed, over her Kre In the eeP » Be wafl living- When her mind Boomed to have grasped that idea, when sho realised it and told hcreoU that Elaine lived, she had to como face to face with her own sorrow. .'It was nover to bo,' sbo said despairingly. 'Heaven itself is agaiost It. My love has been unfortunate from tho first ; it is never to bo blessed, pever to be prosperous or happy.' It was the second time that she had been on tho point of happiness ; it was the second time that tho cap had been dasbod from bor lips, late held , nothing for her. She had been qalte euro that this time nothing would happen to part her from her lover. Sho had been long in batoning to him, in yielding to her happiness. For many montliB alter Elaine's death she would not listen to ono word from Aldewin. She would not even allow hor own mine to dwell on the thought of him. But after wards she saw no wrong in it ; thoy had loved each .Other so well— they had been parted by an accident, is strango as it was unforeseen- and, now that no barrier stood between them, sho could not sou why she should not make both herself aud him happy. She bad slowly yielded herself to it — slowly opeued ber heart to the sunny bright iufluenoe of ber love— slowly yiolded herself to dreams of bappinoHB — and now tho disapprintmcnt was so great that, philosophical as she was, she hardly Knew how to boar it. She was quite powerless ; there was no h«lp for it, no averting it — she must : write and tell Sir Aldcwlo, yet how to do it sbo did not know. That E aine should have bad so much forco of oharaoter astonished bur the must ; that fairhaired loving child, who had seemed so tender of h«ait, so fragile, so easily moulded, art improsniauable — that sheshould have struck out for herself a line of life ho 'entirely strange — that sheshould have the courage, the originality, the bravery to carry it out — che who had been frightened almost at a shadow — passed her comprehension. ' I could not have done it myself,1 nnid Madolin. 4 1 should neither have the courage, tho originality, nor the forco of will to carry mo through tuich an ordeal. Truly it was rhe love that lived — the love thai could nut die —that existed wlieu all other was dead.' What could she say to Sir Aldewin. Sho could 1 not tell him tho truth ; lone than the truth would not satisfy him. It was not probable that, after having looked forward with unutterable happinens for so long to this marriage, he would bn content with a few words, tolling him it could not bo. Of all. her difficulties, this oow eeemori to her tbe .greatest. She would not think of her own sorrow) of what she must eufT-r ; how should she break the tie between this man who ' loved hor so dearly and herself How could she convince him iu words that she must not many him. How cmld she persuade him ef the truth of wtiat she bad to say. There must be notime lofit — sh'n must write at once ; for she knew that he bad given orders of mil kinds for house decoration — it most go no farther. She was strong and courageous— sho was honour able and loyal— sho never shrank when right hud to be done; but she sat now before her writiug-tablc, quite unable to begiu tho letter that w»s to suud him from her. Words esmo at last, eloquent in their despair. It was all over hdweoii them ; tliero could never be any marriaue — and she could not toll bim why. That was the hardest part to her. She could never he must accept ber decision, he must knew that it Wis irrevocable— that nothing in the world could induce ber to change it. He muse not try to per suade her to do so— she threw herself ou his honour, his generosity— she placed ber own honour in bis bands, and bo must guard it. It was the letter of a woman whose heart was broken — eloquout, passionate, despairing ; there was no attempt to reason iu it— nothing but pathos aod persuasion. Tho leetter was enclosed in an envolope aud addressed to him. Sbo looked at it und said to her '' Self that hope was at end, Elaine knew when the letter camo at Ashbrooke. Sho was with the child io the nursery wkru Sir Aldewin came in search of her : and she know by tbe white wild face that he had received some communication. He did not notice Mrs. Moore, he did not seem even to koow what wss going on around bim ; be spoko to no one but tbe child, and he told her that be was goiog away for a day or two. With wistful tenderness that touched Elaino he kinsed tho little face, and then tbe nurse asked him some question, and he looked vaguely at her. 'I do not quite understand,' he siad ; 'ask ino about St when I ietirn. I have had bad news, and I am upsec. I cannot attend to it.' ' I knew it,' remarked the nurse regretfully, when be bad departed. 'I was afraid that ho had news that distressed him. James told me that at bre»k- faat-timo he received a letter, and that when he opened it he was for como tin like one stepped. I am sorry, for there is no better master living than Sir Aldewin.' | Elaine made no answer. She knew only too well J what that letter was. I only hope,' said tho nurse, ' that there is no bad news from Miss Briorton— I hopo not, with all my heart. It would bo too cruel if ho could not bo happy at last.' How Elaino thought of him during the wholo timo bo was away. Sho went with him on his journey; . sho knew instinotivoly that ho bad gono to Madolin, and aho know how utterly that going would be in vain. Sho could pioturo the wholo scene— how ho would meet her in tho hurry of his lovo and eager ness — ho would be Hushed with warmth, with ardour, with love— sho would he calm, cold, and unyielding. Sho dwelt on it until, in a passion of dotpair, sho dung herself upon hor face, calling aloud to Heaven to pardon her groat sin. She suffcroA oven more than they did, Sbo blamed herself so severely : all that had once seemed to her heroic in her conduct now soemcd cbiidliko and woftk. 'I should have been o noblor, wisor, better woman,' sho said to hersolf, 'if I had met my fate boldly, if I had tried to win my husband's love, if I had crushed my jealousy and despair. I havo bcou both weak and wicked. Heaven pardon me.' Sho dreaded seeing bim return ; yot she dreaded equally his absonco ; and those who knew here best were suprisod when tho reticent, quiet Mrs. Moore asked anxiously on tho morniog following if Sir Aldewin bad returnod. When sho heard the answer, 4 Ho,' even under the dark walnutstaia hor faco blanched. What did it mean? Why was ho absent ? It could not bo that Madolin had betrayed her ; it could not be that she had proved woak ; if her aoswor to him wero 'No' — always 'Ho'— sho could not imagine that ho would remain thoro ono hour. 'Was tbero ever a timo,' sho asked herself, whoa I was happy and free from caro— when I had no burden on my heart — when I laughed and sang— when I was bright and glad and gay.' Tho timo would never como again. It seemed to her. on looking back, that no one bad ever mode groator mistakes, committod greater follies, or caused to others grcator trouble, than she had dono — and all bcoauso she had most unwisely yielded to a fancy that had been tho ruia of hor happiness. ' If I could live my lifo ovor again,' sho cried with v&ia; regret, 1 1 would guard my heart, aud give it to none.' CHAPTER LIV. It had not boon a loug interview between tho two whom fate had destined never to bo bnppy in their love. Sir Aldewin bad gono direct to Soathwold, and had asked for Madolin. When sho came to him, pale, calm, and self contained, bo looked eagerly into her faco. 1 Lina,' bo said, taking both ber bands in his, I will not ask you what tho that letter means ; it can moan nothing— there iB no power on earth that can tako you from me/ Sbo held up her hand with a gesturo of solemn warning. Hush,' she returned. You must not say that,' 'You have given mo yonr promise,1 he cried, ' you have agreed to bo my wife, and uot for auy thing will I consent to release you, do, pray, plead, say what you will/ She only looked sadly at him and Baid,' 'It can never bo, Aldowin. Will you tell me why?' he aBked. 'No— 1 cannot. I cen only tell you this, that there is a plain, distinct, tangible, insurmountable barrier ; what it is 1 am pledged by my oath never to rovcal.' ' 1 think/ said Sir Aldewin, 1 that I need ask Heaven for patience. You havo promised to be my wife, and now tell me that eomo mysterious reason prevents you from fulfilling your promise— a reason that yon cannot explain. It souim to mo very like a scene in a play, only there is a grim reality about it which I do not like. You cau have no such reason, Lina ; all that you say flceine weak and foolish to a man with a dcspcrato lovo and a dcsperato purpose. You have eomo reason — what reason? What can you lmvo learned or seen? What can have happened since you returned from Aahbrooke? Nothing ; it is all a prctenco or subterfuge. I am speaking harshly to you, Madolin. I cannot help it. I lovo you too well to tbiok of losiug you with calmness. What can you mean? Docs Sir John, docs Lady Marche, object to my marrying you ? Do tbey say any thing against it?' 4 No— they would be very pleased,' sho replied in a low voice, 4 1 have hardly paticnco to ask if it bo auy absurd idea about my — Elaine. You have never dis approved of second marriages, have you?' 4 No— never/ eho answered. 4 Hutu yon heard any thing about me, any Blander wiiich I could net straight, auy lie, any fabrication, that 1 can contradict? Have you heard any gossip that has made ynu reaolvo on this withdrawal from your given word ?' 4 1 have never heard ono word ngninst you in uli my life,' she replied eagerly. 'I would not listen to one.' 'Then what is it? Lina, you are so frank and honest, why uot tnll me? You have hud no Hfcrcts from me in the years pa<<t, why begin now ; clear up tho mystery — trust mu; it shall nut be iu vaiu/ He never forgot the look of eolomu earnestness that come over her fucc, the shadow that lay in the dark eyes, as though uo light, no gladness, would ever shine there again. 4 Aldewin,' sho said, 4 1 have ulways loved you, dear. I love you (now as well as ever, as truly and loyally, but— something has coino hotweeu us, something that will prevent uur inurrhige; some thing has parted us more surely than death. I toll you, dear, that if a grave were there, and I lay iu it. silent, motionless, dead, I could not he parted froii' you more completely than I am now ; and tho great Powet| who hears me speak knows that I am telliug you the truth. We must part, and I can never tell you the reason why/ 4 You oro cruel to me, Liim/ lis cried. 'I am tuoru cruel to myself— a thousnud times more. It is harder for mo to say 4 Go 'than for you to hear it, I may say this to you, Aldewin, that perhaps iu years to coino you may know why 1 havo done this — then you will have nothing hut blessings fur mo/ 2/1 will not hear you,' ho cried impatiently— '1 w ill not listen ; you are to bo mo wifu, aud I will claim you/ Deeper sadness, deeper gravity, stolo over hor face. ' Liston to ino ono moment,' sho said ; the reason that separates us is so grave that, if I thought you w ould not tako my word, if I thought that, after oil I have said to you, you would still claim tho fulfilment of my promise, I should leave England and go where you could never find mo. If you do not wish to drive mo from my only fiieuds, from the only home I have uu earth, >ou will spare me. Rest sutUfied with tho knowledge that I love you so well that to he your wifu would he the briuhtet happiness on earth for mu, und that, if I deprive myself of that happiness, it is for a reason so powerful, so urgent, that uotbing can change or alter my determination. The colin steady voice. c«»lourleas fucc. and shadowed eyes touched him deeply, ' Lina,' he said suddenly, 'you look just as you did on the uveuing when you came to tell me that Elaine would live and we must part. I am more puzzled thou I have ever been in my life before ; I cannot see my way at all. I havo faith enough In you, lleavou knows ; yet strauge thoughts come to me. Have you ever loved any one hut me, Lino ?' Sho saw then that the only way out of the difficulty was to tell him to think just what he would of her. 4 1 cau givo no answer, Aldewin,' she answered ; 4 neither is there any need to reply to such a question. ' Wero our ncijuuintancn a short one/ ho said, ' I should certainly suy that you had been married In-fore, aud that your huebund hud come to light aguiu/ ' You must think what you will,' she returned, yet his near guet-s at the the truth startled her. ' I Lave told you what my conscience, my honour, aud yours compel mo to say. I cau do no tnoro/ Ilia auget overpi»wimI him. 4 You have never loved mu,' ho cried. I cannot tell why you ahould have deceived me. I begin to wonder that I have been such a dupe. When first of all you weru to unrry me, you forced me to marry somo one else. You placeu theinattor before mu iu such a light that I could not refuse ; aud now you do the same thing in another fashion. You refuse to marry on some pretext or other that you cannot oven name. Ynu do uot lovo mo, Madolin/ She looked at him with tbe calmueau of despair in her ''yes, I 'You will bo a»>rry in tho time to como that you | have npokou so angrily to me,' she said, (to he continued.) 