MISS ADA DELROY AN INTERVIEW. Miss Ada Delroy, although rather tired after her railway journey from York, kindly consented to see a representative of The Morning Herald who called at her hotel on Saturday afternoon. In one sense, and only one, Miss Delroy is not a geod subject for the interviewer's art — if it is an art. In other words, she has no picturesque record to deliver of early struggles, disap pointments, and failures. In her case success has followed success as inevitably as night follows day, and though she professesthat ehe expects all her failures are tocome, it needs no Mahatnia to come from the east to tell us that there is no sign of this expectation being realised. Miss Delroy, who was born at Halifax (Yorkshire), and educated at a convent school in Lancashire, informed our representative that she was always very am bitious about dancing, and could dance before she had been taught, her only instructor being her brother, Mr. James Bell. ' I never appeared as an amateur,' said Miss Deiroy. ' My first appearance was at the Shakespeare Theatre, Liverpool, as Fatiroa in the pantomime * Bluebeard,' in which I introduced my 'Cobra di Capello' dance, which is my own invention. The second scene in which I appeared was more like operetta — there was good dialogue and there was good singing. The pantomimes here seem to be more suitable for children; all the performers do exactly as they like ! In old-fashioned, pantomimes the 'principal girl' was expected to stick to her lines, but it is not so now. For instance, my sisterin law, Miss Marie Loftus, makes a great deal of her owa part herself. I had more confidence in those early days than I have now, although I don't show nervousness. I am excitable and anxious for everything to be right. If ' Ham let ' were being put on I should probably want to play Hamlet and Ophelia and Claudius and The Ghost, and then I should fret because I couldn't play ' the skull' — not from greediness, merely from anxiety.' Being questioned as to her own tastes, Miss Delroy modestly replied : — ' I. like singing as well as dancing, but I only try to sing. I should like to appear in comedy, and probably when we come next time we ' shall play comedies and introduce our own specialities. One of my amusements is the ' bike.' I was the first lady rider in Ireland and in Australia. Anold Irish woman followed me once, and called me a ' /nad devil on wheels,' and said ' it was no wonder the world was eo wicked with such as I in it.' Of my travels I will give you two anecdotes (I suppose you know that we have been three times round the world r), When we were leaving Colombo for Calcutta on one occasion we had to go about two miles from the jetty to the ship in a boat, and the wind came on to blow right ahead of us. When we neared the ship we couldn't get on board because we were afraid of beiug knocked up against it. Mr. Bell caught hold of the gangway to keen the boat off. and was left hanging there till the sailors pulled him up. Before doing this he put down a bag containing 400 sovereigns,' and without thinking what I was doing, I fastened the bag round my neck. As the captain remarked to me afterwards, if the boat had been upset, I should certainly bare gone to the bottom of the 6ea. The second anecdote is about the bill of fare provided on the German boat the Darmstadt last Tuesday night when we got to Albany. Here is an extract from it : — * Soup a la Ada Delroy ; patties, Hunter style ; roast beef a. la Phillips ; asparagus Maud Lita; roast duck, Ford style; transparent ice-cream a la grand Bell; cake a la Sisters Bell.'' r There must be many othe' items of interest which Miss Del* roy could add to the foregoing, bu as the hour was growing late and there was much work to be done, the interviewer regretfully took his leave. 