ffll)tl&\jtmtß 4&nrn;ímr ^crafà. THURSDAY, l)ECBMJ¡Iin 9, 1897. -» In tlio Legislativo Council yesterday the Appro- priation Bill and the Loan Bill wcro road the third timo and returned to the Legislativo Assem- bly without amendment. Good progress was mudo with sovcral other mensures. After formal business in the Legislativo Assem- bly progress was mudo in committee with oon «idoratiou of the Legislativo Council's amend- ments in the Crown Lands Bttl. A considerable amount of time was taken up by tho discussion, on a motion for adjournment, of tho " treatment of Hudson Brother? by tho Government " in oonneotion with n contract for a steam crane for Garden Island." Mr. Groayes, an Englishman in the Persian telegraph service, has been brutally murdered by brigands. Tho City Corporation of Coventry, Warwiok shire, has given orders in tho United States for 900 tons of electrical machinery and 2000 tons of rails. I It is believed that Germany will endeavour to OADÖÜRY'S COCOA. 1 The popular beverage for all oeasone,-Advt, obtain a Icaso of (ha port of Kum obou from Clima Russian approval of tho project 19 uncertain In tlio hopo of boing nblo thoroby to scouro the evacuation of Kiio-ohou, Clnna has agreed to tho dcmiuds of Gormnn) for ex dunno nuning nnd ri»ilwnj puvilogcs in (ho Shantung province Tho Tronfli Senate lina unanimously approved of tho attitudo of tho Go\eminent with rognrd to tho Dreyfus ease In tho Roichstaif, tho naval progrnmmo of the Gurman Government is being hotly dobatod Tho difficulty hot« eon Qermnny and Hayti, nnsing out of the imprisonment of Herr Luders, has boon settled Walter Croot, tho rnglish pugilist, whilst engaged on Monday night m a boxing inatoh tit. tho National Sporting Club, London, with Jem Barry, tho American boxer, received blows from tho off cots of which ho died shortly afterwards The police arrested Bar-y, also tho seconds, and other officials, as well na the manager of tho dub Baron do Mohronhoim, Russian Ambassador at TariB, has resigned, and will bo suocoodod by Pnnoo rrubsoff M do Giors, a member of tho Russian Diplomatie Corps in Paris, has boon transferred to tho Russian Embissj at Bitisscls A conferonoo between loprcsontatives of tho colliery proprietors and the distnot officials of tho Colliery Employees' Icdontion was hold at New- castle yesterday The conforenco eat in priTato Tho question of a genonl agreement similar to that in force throughout the Northern district somo } cars ago vt as reviewed from every standpoint at consider- able length, and tho conferonco adjourned smo d10 without any final decision having been nrrm.d at. Elsewhere will bo found information regarding Crown lands for homestead selection, sottlemcnt lease, and impovoment lease, compiled by tho In- formation Bureau of tho Lands Department The Premier has, it is staled, informed a resi- dent of Wollongong that during tho forthcoming recess it is his intention to visit Mount Kosciusko, to seo what onn be dono to mal>o tho spot more generally availablo during tho warm weather Yesterday tho distribution of prize? took plnco at St Mar) 'h College, Rosebank, Cardinal Moran presenting tlio guerdons to tho rcspt.cti\o winners lu the New Zonland Houso of Roprcsontati\cs yesterday, tho Stato Tiro Insurance Bill w as read tlio first time Tho Prunier stated that it wns intended to riroulato it amongst those whom it vitally aireoted bul the Go\orumont did not intend to proceed with it further this session Tho Now Zealand Go>ornmont has decided to stnko ont tho clauses in the Banking Bill dealing i\ ith tho asMits and liabilities of banks other than tho Bank of Now Zealand, and also (ho question of quarterly roturas Thoso chufles will bo brought dows m u separate mensure A se\oro shook of earthquake was experienced over the whole of tin. North Island, N Z , mid ni far south us Christchurch, shortly before 3 o'clock yesterday morning Its duration was from ono to two minutes At Wiiutranui clntnnojs wero loTolled in all directions, tho main w ntor supply w as stopped, aud 6li¡,ht iip.MircH in tho earth wero «nusod There wat. *i subsidonco of so; oral chains' length on tho railway lino on tho reclamation Buildings at Wellington sunyod to and fro Soveral doors of the General Post Oflioo wero burst open, and bolla w ero set ringing A public meeting of thoso interested in paying a farowcll comphmeut to Admiral Bndgo prior to his departure for England was held yesterday at the Town Ilall under tho preiidonoj of tho Mayor It was resolved that tho Admiral should bo tendored a banquet on tlio 21st instant At <ho Sydnoy w ool soles yosterúV 9G23 bales wero catalogued, and 910G sold Splendid com- petition accompanied the salts throughout 1 Tli3 London wool sales closed on Tuesdaj, with prices stead) and a better tono profiling Tho total quantity citalogucd during tho sales wns 124,000 bales, of whioh 38,000 wero sold for homo consumption, GI.OOO for tho Continent, nnd 3000 for America 12,500 bales w ero hüd over Business in investments in tho Stock nnd Sharo market jesterdny continued quiet, and prices wero fairly stcidy All Government acoiintics wero quoted as before In tho Import markot yesterday tho continua- tion of rain, though welcomed in nil quarters, still further dopressed business Pareols of wheat changed hands at the recent range of prices At Darling Harbour yetordny .¡059 bales of wool wero manifested to arrive, 971 bales wero roccivod coastwise, and 195 arrived by nil at Now castle on Tuesday A filiado moro business transpired in the Mining marl ot vosterday, tho featuro again being tho demand for Queensland gold companies There wore but fow ohanges in > aluo Ycatorday's Customs revenno nmounted te £flil8 Tho RMS Oruba arrived at Snez, horaoward«, on tho ltli instant On tho 5th instant the RMS Orizaba left Colombo, outnarls '.Clio Government hos got ils Loan Esti- mates safo through Parliament, but it would scarcely regard their progress as a triumphant ono. Tho criticism to -which thoy havo been subjected this year is not new. It has in fact boon directed on similar grounds against tho Loan Estimates of difforcnt Governments for years post. But this yoar it has boon talron up in Parliament and ropoatod in a form to which tho Government wne not able to put forward an nnswor. The Government would pay littlo attontion to this so loii^. as the criticism carno only froi~ oppononts. When it comos in its most effective shape from supporters of tho Ministry tho case is différent. The Attorney- Gonoral (mowed the other evening that it íb always possiblo to meet tho accusations of mem- bers of past Administrations with the tu qiioque argument. But that, however cogent it may be to tho view of a politician, is not likely to afford much satisfaction to tho public. "Wo havo a record in our political annals of tho authorisation in onoscssion of £14,000,000 of loan expenditure, but any Ministry which was to submit such proposals now would speedily bo mado to learn that much has happened sinco then, and that many things that could bo dono light of heait in those halcyon days could not safely bo attempted now. There aro doubtless precedents derivable from tho past which would warrant many extraordinary things. But if a Ministry seriously attempts to iiiRtifv lnx wronosals for loan expendí turo by citing still looser proposals from bygono days, it would do woll to romem bor two things which if it should forgot thom ore certain to bo brought to its at- tention. One is, that wo havo in all matters of values and expenditure passed from a period of laxity and inflation' into ono of shrinkage nnd compulsory economy. Tho othoris, that tho results of tho loose ex- penditure of borrowed money ia tho past still oxist in tho shapo of oppressive burdens in the present, burdens which havo to bo taken into account when it is contemplated to superimpose now burdens upon thom. That -we aro not conveniently able now to set aside from current revenue the sum of £350,000 yearly for the construc tioiv'of requisite but non-romunerativo works is duo to the fact that wo have to remit this money to England in the shape of dobt incurred for unreproduotive expen- diture in past years. In a speech on the second reading of the Loan Bill in the Assembly, -which illustrated the extent to which tho loyalty of Government supporters was strained by proposals in tho measure, Mr. Ashton expressed the opinion that tho thirty yoars" system of doforrcd ropaymont was tho weak spot in tho Treasurer's finan- cial system. Wo cordially agreo with that opinion, and can hardly doubt that, with tho opportunity that has beon nffordoü him of reconsidering that system, it mtist appoar to the oyes of Mr. ltoid himself far less dosirablo than ho first bolioved it to bo. Tho groat objection to this system is that it is an unreality and n decoption, and remembering that straight- forward finance is the strong card of tho success of Mr. Ivoid's administration, that system ought novor again to appoar in his loau proposals. But wo trust that tho finanoial roforms of Mr. Iîoid will notîbo limited lo discarding a system tho objectionable charaotor of which lias boen illusl rated by oxporionco. It ought not bo too much to oxpoct from Mr. lloid the carrying through of a roform which would put our whole policy of loan oxpondituro upon a businoss-liko basis. Tho weak spot in that policy, to give a wider ostensión to Mr. Ashtou's phrase, is that wo havo to send homo ovory yoar £350,000 to pay interest on oxpondituro, which, howover nocossary it may havo boon thought to bo, is uuromunorativo, and that yoar by year this amount of indobtodnosB is inoroasod. It is quite obvious that tho only loan oxpondituro which eau bo justified on sound businoss principios in this colony is oxpondituro for tho construction of works whioh, when complotod, próvido tho intorost payablo on tho dobt incurred. Tho intorost paid upon such works as these is, in no sense a drain on tho ro sources of tho country. Thoy oom thoir o »vu intorost, and thoy earn it by ron dering service which is amply worth its cost. Tho real drain which causes un componaatod loss to our fiuances is that of tho monoy which has to bo raised by taxation to pay interest on works which yield no pecuniary roturu. And how little justification wo havo in piling up such burdons of profitless debt is sufficiently shown by tho fact that whilo wo aro doing this wo aro collecting and sponding as ordinary rovonuo au income which has during tho last half- dozen years amounted to about two millions annually front tho landod ostato of the colony, a largo part of tho amount coming from tho proceeds of alienation. In saying that tho weak point in our financial systoiu is that which imposes tho nocessity of collecting ft largo sum of raonoy annually from taxation to romit as intorost it is apparont that no accusa- tion is mado specially against tho prosont Ministry. This Government only works a systom which it found in full force, and adds to n profitless dobt whioh had alrondy bcoumadoto assumolargoproportions. But it is n common oxporionco in politics that wrong mothods aro loft uncorroclod till thoir results becomo burdousomo and intolerable. Wo soom to bo noariug this point in rospoct to this systom of borrow- ing for improductivo oxpondituro. Ii tho amount now to bo sent homo annually as intorost on dobt so incurred is to bo roughly taken nt £300,000, tho Loan Estimates of tho Government now carriod through havo raisod this amount to ovor £-¡00,000. A couplo of yoars' furthor progress ou theso linos and the colony would havo to col- lect over half a million a year from taxation to pay interest on impro- ductivo or non- pormanout works, whilo it was sponding about two millions a year derived from tho alionation or loosing of land. It is impossible to defend such a systom as this. It is defiantly opposed to all business principios. That it has gono on and hardonod into custom tinder tho rulo of successive Administrations is no reason for ita continuance, and for tho still greater increaso of tho ruinous burdons it imposes on tho industry of tho colony. No greater duty can bo prosonted to any Treasurer, prosent or futuro, than tho radical reform of this unsound and wasteful system, a duty not the loss obligatory from tho corlainty thot much solf- socrifico, resolution, and masterful control would bo required for its per- formance ^^^^^^^^^^^^ Tlio question as to how far a Govern- ment may bo justified in regulating tho export trado is ono that concerns all of tho colonies, and that has nlroady boon dis- cussed in most of thom. At tho prosont timo it is attracting ospecial attention in Victoria, w li oro tho Chamber of Commorco is vigorously opposing an Exported Products Bill which is now boforo tho Legislature. Tho original object of tho moasuro seems to havo boon that a Govornmont stamp or labol should bo put upon n number of tho products which aro shipped to London or to other English ports. It was proposod, for oxnmplo, that Government experts should undcrtnko tho work of grading butter according to its quality, and of stamping it accordingly. This proposal, however, has been abandoned in consequonco of tho criticism which it pro- voked. It was pointed " out that such au arrangement might bo unjust to tho private shippors, that it would involve a largo amount of worrj' and dolay and es- pouse, and that it could not bo of much utility. Tho roal grading of butter is mado by tho buyors. Tho finest samples might dotoriorato from ono causo or another on tho long voyage, and' in such a caso a Government brand would bo of no moro value than that of a factory or au enter- prising dairyman. But apart from this ono instance, tho Molbourno Chamber of Commorco objecta to auy fresh legislation, on tho ground that tho oxport trado " ia being conducted smoothly and satisfac- torily, in which statement it probably moans to convey tho impression that tho producers as a body aro content with the existing system. But, assuming that tho Govornmont of Viotoria lias ovorstepped tho lino in its eagerness to control tho oxport trado, wo havo still to ask tho question what Governments may legitimately do. Thoy can at least stimulato a nasoent trado, Whon tho Government of tliis colony appointed a board to deal with ox ports thoro was a considerable outcry amongst tho shipping firms, and yot at tlio samo time these very firms becanio anxious and eager to foster a trado which apparently thoy had boon in tho habit of regarding as of oom ruirntivnlv little account. Thus the Government can call public attention to tho nocossity of looking aftor industries, which would doubtless bo managed bettor by private ontorpriso, but whioh requiro to bo encouraged in their first'growth. Then tho Govornmont may fairly bo ex- pected to arrange with tho mail companies or with the owners of other vossols that trado regularly to this port for tho car- riage of producá at a roasonablo rate. The largo exporter may bo ablo to make his own arrangements with profit to him- self, What is wantod is that there should bo facilities of transport, of whioh tho small exporter can avail himsolf if ho choosos. This can hardly bo arranged in any other -way than through the Government. Nor does it neem outrageous that there should be publio stores in which products sont for- ward by exporters in the country can be kopt until thoy aro shipped, for there is nothing in this that necessarily tends against individual enterprise or energy. But tho groatost work that is legitimately in tho power of tho Government is to dis- seminate information among all classes of producers. Much good was undoubtedly dono in tho colony Vy sending forth travolling dairies and showing tho pooplo in tho country distriots tho now methods of making butter. Many improvements havo sincoboon made, nnd further information is still required. Thoro is probably searco a farmer in Now South Wales who does not know that tho old traditions of dairying aro useless, and who is not awaro that tho industry must bo on a scientific basis, and that tho latest im- provement» must bo sought after. Whon peoplo in Australia competo against rivals whoso produots can bo put upon the Lon- don market in a few hours thoy roquiro to havo all tko knowledge that is avail- able. But this is not within the roach of producers in tho country, Thoy havo no moans of discovering for themselves what may bo tho latost improvements. They aro not in a position to obtain tho infor- mation which it is desirable that thoy should possoss regarding, say, the breed- ing of cattle, or tho cultivation of fruit, or tho handling of produots -for oxport. But tho facts that boar on ovory point conncctod with agriculture " and horticul turo can be easily had by the Government from othor countries, and can bo made known to tho produoors of Now South Wales at vory little cost. This is cor taiuly a matter that may bo said to bo- long to tho functions of govornmont in Australia. On tho other hand thoio aro ovidontly certain limitations to tho notion of a Ministry whioh aro fixed by ordinary businoss conditions. Thus it seems to bo neither necessary nor expedient that tho Govornmont should attonipt to grado pro- ducts before thoy nro shipped, nor doc3 much bonofit appear to accrue from open- ing shops in London, and trying to oom poto with tho ordinary ruorohants. Tho South Australian Government possossos a wino shop, which was oxpootod to bo the coutro of a vast businoss in South Aus- tralian vintages. Thoro is no ovidonco, however, that tho export of wino from tho colony has increasod to any roniarkablo dogroo, and it has boon hintod that tho businoss of tho Government shop is simply duo to tho fact that it has taken somo of tho trado out of tho hands of privato suppliers. This game, of course, is not worth tho candió. Tho duly of a Govornmont is lo dovolop tho industries of tho country which it represents, and tho finances of whioh it controls. Any schonio that fails to holp forward such, an objoct cannot bo legitimately supported out of tho publie funds, and is altogether beyond tho scopo of thoso who happen to bo tho political administrators for tho timo being. Thoro aro thus points at which Govornmont intorforonco in tho oxport trado is distinctly use- ful, and nt which its aotion is equally distinctly futile. But between thoso two thoro is a considerable margin, and it is impossiblo to draw a straight lino and say oxoclly whoro tho functions and tho usefulness of tho Govornmont coaso. Tho export of perishable and of somo othor products is1 still to somo extont a matter of oxporimont. It is only by tho lessons of experience that tho host system can bo discovered and applied to tho advantngo of tho colony. Thoro is no such thing as capturing the markot in a day. And in tho case of industries whiob. tho wholo community dosires to soo firmly established, thoro may bo room both for Govornaent assistance and privnto enter- prise A public mooting yostorday, as will bo soon by a roport olsowhoro, docidod to tondor tho Admiral a farewell banquet at tho Town Hall on his doparturo from this station. A complimont Uko this has na unmistakablo public significance ; and it may bo accepted that whon tho citizens, through the Mayor, oxtond such an invitation as this to an Imperial officor thoy intondod that it should bo so rogardod. Tho Itear Admiral represents a popular branch of the Imperial sorvico, und in a special way his office typifies tho link between tho mother- country and thoso colonies. As an Imperial olücor ho ranks noxt to tho Govornor, and in tho ovont of tho colonies boing called upon to dofond thomsclves it is to tho Admiral and his ships that wo should look to actively interpose British aid on our behalf. These aro reasons sufficient in thomsolves why tho public recognition of tho position of tho doparting ofllcor should take placo, Thon it is to bo romomborod that, personally, his Excolloncy tho Admiral has not boen inactive whilo on this station. It has not beon given to him to distinguish himself by such a pioco of sorvico ns tho lato ill-fated Admiral Tryon put to his credit whou tho Auxiliary Squadron was called into oxistenco as tho -/>=i,lr nf Inn tactful notrotiations. Admiral Bridgo found that work alroady accomplished when ho arrived, and a similar opportunity has not como in his way. But ho has done his duty on the station conscientiously. His ships havo boeu kopt actively in motion. As wo poiutod out yesterday, ho has strongly directed attention to tho necessity of onrolliug and training sufficient mon to man our dofoncos and procootl to soa if necessary. Tho work of dooponing tho harbour, as wo havo alroady shown, owes much to his advocacy. Tho mossago of tho President of tho United Statos to Congress dwolls princi- pally upon two points. Tho ono is tho old aubjoct of financial roform, tho othor concerns tho foreign polioy whioh has beon urged upon the Govornmont by many American journals. It is proposed that when tho revenue rocoipts and tho public expendi- ture balance all notos should ho redeem ? able in gold, and that now notos should only be issued against gold rosorvos, Tho stipulation regarding the rovonue, of course, makes it impossible to fix any do «,,;t0 tim« -for tho chance, and all that can bo dono for tho present is to suggest improvements in tho existing currency system. Aud this is in roalitv tho only practical mean- ing that can bo given to the Presi- dent's message Whnt appears at first sight tho most important part of it is rathor vaguo and theoretical. As regards the foreign policy, Mr. M'Kinloy appears resolved not to intorforo in tho nftnirs of Cuba. Thoro is, of courso, a hint that in certain circumstances intorvontion might be justifiable and necossary, and might win the' approval of tho world ; but tho oc- casion has not yoi arisen, And, indood, Cuban matters havo lost so much of their intorost since tho proposals for autonomy woro mndo that it would bo difficult to find a pretext for meddling with thom. On the other hand, tho Prosidont favours tho annexation of Hawaii. To this part of the mossugo thoro will probably bo considerable opposition in some of tho Western States, whoro boot-root sugar is produced in largo quantities, and whoro tho local industry will suffer from the im- portation of cheap cano sugars. But tho real interest in tho proposed annexation of Hawaii is international. The Japanese havo asserted in plain language that thoy possess certain claims to the islands, and that they have, rights whioh must not be ovos-looked It remains to bo soon how this httlo businoss will bo arranged. Dauvytto in Nrw Sorrm Waies -Tho fifth of tho scries of artwlos on this subjeot by our Spcuial Commissioner will bo found in another part of to-day's " Herald " The fourth article was published on Thursday last. 1¡ND op tub Session -Tho Premier says ho hopes to finish tho session this wook, and to this ond >t may bo nooessarv to ait on Tnday Moro ho cannot say at present So fur as can bo gathered, everything now rerfs with tho Legis- lative Council If that body can get through tho work boforo it this weok, good and well, but if it requires moro tima for its legislativo labours, thon tho impression prevails that the Government will oblige tho member« of tho Upper Houso by extending tho session into noxt week Tho most important measures aro tho Stamp Duties and tho Probate Duties Bills Timo will havo to be found to deal with these boforo tho session closoc, and members regard it as dosirnblo that at least ono of tho Aliens bills that based on the Natal Act-should bo passed into lav this session Amendment Oí the Libei Act -In tho Legis- lative Assembly yesterday tko Promior stated, m reply to Mr Jessop, that ho would cooBidor the advisability of bringing in a bill next session to amend the Libel Act Tue Land Lvws Consomdation- Bin-It Is not tho inteution of tho Minister for Lands to proceed furthor this session with tho Land Laws Consolidation Bill, at thoro is no hurry for tho passago of tho measure Being simply a con- solidation bill its provisions aro already tho law of tho land, and Mr Carruthers says it will, though not yet passed throuch Parliament, bo used by tlio afhoora of tho Lands Department all o\ cr tho colony as the standard toxt book on the land laws of tho colony Cost op Tbiepiiove Tusctels -Mr Lyne laid on tho table of tho Houbo last uight the progress report of the Bolect committco appointed to in- quire into tbo question of tho tclophono tunnols Tho only now feature of importance in the evidence, whioh is of a voluminous charieter, is an oflicial statomont put in by Mr M'Crcdio showing tho cost to dato of tho construction of the tolnphono tuunols by day labour, aud the saving offeoted ns compared with tho last contraot cost. Tho total cost Ins been £34,703 Tho cost, if computed at tho last contract rates of £3 Os 8d per foot would havo been £14,961 Tho saving, therefore, effected by tho work being dono by dny labour was £10,197 This saving of £10,000 is liter allowance has boon mudo for tho removal of tho timber from the tunnels This work cost for tho day labour portion of tho work £1130, and for tho oontract ecouon £392 ArroiNTsiiNT oi Land VAurcns-In tho As- sembly yesterday Mr Prico asked tho Tromier whothcr tho Commissioners of Taxation would sUto definitely whother or not it was necessary for objections to bo lodged b) taxpayers in order to ensuro their land being assessed at n uniform vuluo with that to w hioh contiguous and similar lands had boon roduced on objection and appeal If, us stated, tho Commissioners of Taxation had no Himplo method of gauging tho competency of land assessors or tho ncouraoy of their assessments, upon what prinoiploworc bohío assessors appointed to revise tho w orí. of others * Mi Reid ropliod No further information euu bo afforded other than that nlready furnished Tho lion mombor m ly rest satisfied that every possiblo means aro being taken in the caroful solection of competent Und valuers so as to secure nn cquitublo assessment lu tho intorests of tho taxpayers as well as tho State Ti£E PAltttAJtATfA Asitini -Tlio Colonial Sec- retar) , lu reply to Mr T R Smith, said in the Assembly yesterday that tho area of ground on which tlio Aged and Infirm Asylum at Pirramatta was built covered 4} acres There wero 10G9 inmales Tho bmldiug was an old woollen mill, but steps wero being taken to provide increased accommodation All possible precautions had been taken against fire 'llio superintendent was allowed tho usual rations, ito , for which ho was charged £43 per annum The rise«, Plediscite Vote -In tho As- sembly jostorday Mr M'Gowon asked the Promior whethor it was tho intention of tho Government to take a plobisoito voto on the fiscal question ut tho end of tho noxt general eleotion, as promised on August 25, 1890 Tho Premiei replied 'hut tho promiso made by the Government w ould not be overlooked Railway Concessions to SonooL TLACurns - lu tho Legislativo Assembly j estcrday Dr Ross ¡n\cà tho I'lomier what concession wns likelj to bo ¿ranted by the Railwaj Commmsionors to school teachers returning home from tho country during tho Christmas holidays Tho Premier sind ho was informed that tho issue of holiday oiccursion tickets Mould apply generally from Docombor 17 to January 1 No special excursion rato could bo mudo in favour of tohool teachers alone Tnn Pühj-o Hfactii Acr 180G -In reply to questions b} Mr Jessop in the Assembly j estor tlav tho Promicr said that the Boar! of Iloalth had decided on standards of strength and purity for cortara ni tides of food id general consumption The standard for milk would bo published m tho " Government GazHto " so soon as adviao had been received on a point which was now under consideration of tho Oro« ii law officers lui. IjASrnn EvcAimovr-In the Assembly ycaterd ty Mr J C L I it7patnck asi ed tho Coloni llSecrctary tho following on Tuesday -" 1 I« it his intention, as announced in the publie press to augment the military voto, nlreidy agreed to hy this House, to tho extent of some jCjOOO or XoOOO said to bo needed for the pnrpoio of meeting expenditure incurre! by the holdiug of nn Easter encampment ? " Mr Brunker an swered " I believe an arrangement has becu mido between tho Colonial Trensuier and the Major General for tho purposo of carrjing out an eucampmort, tho amount of expenditure being limited " Mom. Btrarsrss ion tuf Woeks CovMirm - In tho Assembly last night tlio Miuistcr for Works gave notico to mov o to day to refer the following pnipo»od undertakings to tho Public Works Committee for investigation during tho approaching recess -Railway from Warren to Coonamble railway from Koorawatha to Grenfell railway from Woolabra to Col Hrcntlabn raiWay from Mnitland to Taree railwuj fiom tho terminus of the Roso Hill railway to Dural, harbour norkd at I «col Rivor harbour vtorks jt Bellinger River harbour works at Nambucca River barbo ir works at Macleay River, hmboiir works at Hastings River harbour wor! s nt Manning River weirs on tho river Darling between Bourke and Wilcannia Punna Wobiís Cojoiiïtkb --bo Public Wor'_ Committco yesterday heard furtlier ovidcnco m regard to the proposal to construct a railway from Narrabri to Pilhj, i It w intended to closo to day the taking of ovidonco in Sydney on thal work and the proposed Byrock Bro« arnna Uno Scotional committees « ill lio appointed to inspect and take evulenoo and roport on both lines CoN-rruor vxnsns Day Laboub -Tho solect committeo of tho Assembly, nppulntcd on Juno JO last, " to larjuuo into and roport upon day labour as compared with tho contract sjstcm in con neetion witti the railway deviation," presented its roport in tho Assembly jesterdny through Mr M'Gov en, tho chairman The committeo reports -' 1 That the ovidenco taken before your committco (without oxcop tion) proves (a), that tho work dono by day labour on tho deviations has been performed in as cOic lent ft mannor as any other work of a similar natara by tho contract system , (b) that the coBt of the work ha« cortainly not boon moroased, but has in somo inBtnneos been matormll) decreased, whilst tho danger of litiga- tion, an item of somo considerable importance, bos beau entirely abolished , (o) that without doubt it has boon moro convenient for tho railway authorities md tho travelling publio, resulting in ¡rronter safety for the runniug road and colonty in tho exoontion of the work, whilo retaining all matters entiroly under the control of tho Commis- sioners 2 That tho method adopted by tho Railway Commissioners has conserved the public infèrent, and your committeo considors that tho prmoiplo should bo further «tended " Tim Cvsi of Stotia Cool eh -The soloct com mítico of tho Assembly, uppointcd to inquire into tho ooao of b) dnoy Cooper in regard to mining under a road in tho parish of Clivo, county of Gough, presented its report m tho Assomhly yes tordny ovoning 1 ho committeo finds that Cooper had good causo of action, and recommonds his caso to the fuvourablo consideration of the Government Dkiutations A_KAi.aED - In addition to thoso already montioned, tho following doputatione will «ait on Miuislors to-day -To tho Postmaster Gonoral, ut 11 am, from tho Municipal Council of Prospaot and Sherwood in regard to thoro movalol the post-offioe from Merrylani» railway Station to the Minister for Work,, at 11 joTT. from tho Annandale Mnmcipal CoJL tV. duced by Mi Mahony, M lT b£^ compensation for damage ti, th. A?¿ borough caused by the sewerage worW f ** deputation introduced by Mr Ä MÎT' in conneotion with tho dredging of the T.Zt V, ' M"«' AriaT3!p m . d^'Äfe ; Mr Bull, M L A , m regard to a 1,«S~T ' Harvey's Crossing at Picton "^ °'u WOLFRAM AND ScUTEUTE-Tho IW.l . of Mines has received a letter Cjfa2Tor Blackwell, Sons, and Co, of We? L for full information «bent mines of AnT!! s. heehto in New Sonth Wale, Thev ," ^,, ° to pay a good pries for these twoÄ1 quantities of from ',00 to 1500 ten., m loU of abo iO tons at a time, and they ask to bo p"t m 2 communication with tlio producer« of the«« rZ, ni. m Now South Wales and Qaeenlr^ Pitttaan aud Mr Carne, of the Mine, Déni mont, report that so far only very limited oZS ties of wolfram and scheohto have been obS in this colony, m small pockets of a few toni it. time l ' LiFonov or Maiob-A meeting oftheftl. Coune.1 will be held to day for tho pam, J electing the Mayor for tho ensuing year Fo somo weela) past it has been understood that then wero hi ely to boat least two candidates oa being Alderman Ives, tho present occupant'of thi chair, and the other Alderman Matthew Hutu So far as Alderman Ives ia concerned it is nndei siood that yielding to tho urgont request« of icT of his friends ho was induced to intímalo hu willingness to again fill tho office for another veil if it waa made manifest to lum that theto »u i gonoral desiro that ho should ho elected for thi third term The consent of the Mayor to ofa himself for re election wns, howover, «ubiectt« the condition that there should bo no contest-, that is, ho would not accent office unira V. -~-i nation was practically unanimous Sin« __ Alderman Mntthow Hams has beca mdJa tí announce himself as a candidate for the Z and it has transpired that ho waa enredo. largo measure of support This aMouncernenl ii once changed tho aspect of affairs so far as ft retiring Mayor was concerned, as unless Alda, man Ives retired it would renderneeta»-_ oleolion It has also benn made apparent A present Mavor that some of the aldermenw strongly of tho opinion that no alderman ought to occupy the ofiioo for a longer pmod than ... years Tho ontoomo of all that has taken el«« |< the définira retirement from the field of Aldcm» Ives, who is quito content with the undoubted!, high honour conferred upon lum of electing ka to hil tho chief magistracy of the city for two oat of tho threo yours thnt he has been in tho Oitr Council Tho way is thus made clear, it«,"a for tho almost unanimous if not absolutely nnsoi' ruous elootion of Alderman Matthew Ham« Thi names of t«o other aldermen havo been mention*! of lato in connection with tho Majoraltr, hutía far as could bo ascertained ycitcrdav both Ita gentlomon referred to had abandoned any latta tion thoy mny have had of ottering their «r. vices at tho present juncture Naval News-After a brief stay in harbour sovoral of tho ships mado rendy veaterday for ita, Tho Pylades wont out for a few dayl' exercise and « ill probably fotch Jervia Buy Tho Qo'dl finch left foi Jervis Bnv, folio«ed hy the Wal. laroo The Roynhst left for Melbourne The Dart goes to Hobart Nothing has as yet beta neard from Colombo of tho arrival of the Eora] Arthur thero ou her «ay to this atabon to reitet! tho Orlando 1 ho Mohawk is expected at Than. dny Island, and on receipt of tho news the Rapid, now in South Australia, will hld good bye te the station Tho Water« itch has left Townsville oa. her uav down tho coast Maii SrrAMEns-r«o mall steamer! Mt Melbourne yestordnj for Sydney, tho Polynesien and tho Orotava The 1 roach steamer udna to morrow morning, and tho Orient lmer buena tho (lav It is cvpertcd that the Btemen will ha despatched fiom Melbourne te day, to ami! hero on Satiinlaj morning, when she will hal her passengers and ¡,o up to tho Sutherland Dock for clcaumg 'llio Oruba, «Inch led here oa October JO, arrived nt Sue/ on tho llh instant Tho Orizaba, from London ïiovember 1', left Colombo the bth instant Stuam Setivici to Ltmora -Atutraka 1m reason to congratulate herself oa the efficiency ol her steam servico This is tho opinion expressed by Mr A G AVescho, chief passenger clerk ot tho P and O Company, who has juit returned from a six months' visit to Tngland Jfr Westhe, had tho opportunity whilo in London o! makuig himself acquainted with the details of management of somo of tlio larger shipping compames outside of tho o doing busincs wath Australia He wai ono of thoso on hoard the Egvnt, a sister boat to the R At b Chum, when tho former made hu trial trip to Chcrbomg Iho result of the trip was, it will bo renumbered cabled to Austral a somo fow months ago llio trip wai,Mr Wesebt states, a remarkablj successful one, aid til general opinion was that the Lgypt in the line essentials of speed, elegance, nnd aceommodaluí, has no superior amoug vessels trading belltet li Hyland and tho far colonie» The shorter dis tance steamers, such as thoso engaged in the passenger truffle bet« een Lngland and Amenes, arc, of course, superior both in size and speed le anything seen m Australian waters Sofar.hof. over, is thoscrweo tomorcdistantconntneiueeo cerned, theso colonies aro quite ia the front naV, both as rogarás ho quality of the steamers tad tho nrraiigomOnt made for supplving pissengen, with requisito information Look at the norn bor of Austiahans who travel," said Mr Wescle, " you cannot help noticing that thoso who hm oneo been on the home« ard route aro generally anxious to mako the trio again In other oom tries peoplo travel far less " Ivfw Steamers ron tul Aüstbauü) Teim. Besides the subsidised vessels that cany the null betweon this country aud Lurope, word Ml yesterday reooiv ed that four largo steam«! ve« ordered foi tho Australian trade-vessels of high power and up to 8000 tons register Two of tbet* mo for tho ücrmnn-Aiestralian line, hailing froa Hamburg, slenmers after tho Meissen type ( third is for tho Port line, and the fourth for Lund's line Tor tho intercolonial serriee the Pertli haB just boon launched to the ordere! ft« Melbonrno ¡shipping Companj Tni .A cam st to nib Austb-UO-W1 referoueo to the accident to tho Massgen» Mai itiuies mail stornier Australien, Mr E Blue, principal agent, writes -"I nm just in rtceipl of cabio advice from our Port Said office tot oflect that our stcamsnip Australien has bee» towed into Alotanilna disabled, through an «eel dent to tho main shaft It is probab o thstp" aengers nu 1 mails will bo transferred to our steamer leaving Alexandrin to mono», »na«"' at Marseilles on tho 15th instant, skidd Ile repairs to tho Austrnhen not bo completed beta« then " Nobfoik Isuvd -Norfolk Island ata M progi fusing now much moro satisfactorily, W Minister for Lands suvs, than waa the case some timo ago Tho great trouble with theuUnoen was to got them reconciled to the chaageol ndmmistntion, to the rulo of thoohief eusistw appointed from headquarters, and to the bum system ot taxation by which they wem made» oontributo something to tbo «venue, sa« J which thoy woro mado to understand thstl" island waa not ontirelj owned by them "«< aro soino substmtial stono hou-es oni»«« Island at a place culled Kingston, erected ia W old dava for the chaplain, the doctor, and w military commandant, and the other p««i others placed thero when the island had a pop latiou of several thoueands fainco tho close«! W military occupation about 30 years ago *» islanders havo been allowed to occupy «,« houses in order to prevent them going toro». but now that a schoolmaster and i*Q well as other functionaries, are to bestationea« the island, it has been deeded to »>*..'« buildings The islanders occupying them nave» been disposed to quit, but pacific «W*S now prevailed, and houses havo been Vf?*T for the chaplain, the «choolma.ter, and the M stable Mr Carruthers intends calling for to« in the course of a few ita h a » "f ?£* "co to Norfolk Island Thi. sen ice, «toU» ." conjunction with the service to the HW « rides and other islands in which the Bnttsh M« interests _v,.i Lastfun News-The steamer ^»«^ yesterday arm ed from Hongkong, lMP»*^ news to tho 13th ultimo T°T^£Z commercial item probahlv " **rt££_ of tho Government of China to follow 'ho« »f* sot by Japan to establish gold al.dieh*»«¡ tho country's currency Tho p»P«-«V J has already receiveil the support of are»"»? dation by tho Board of «* J^oU Pekin despatch, Russia and «««?«! ^ conspiring to proe.-ethod.smrssaWS,^^ Hart from his post .f T^fgtf ul Imperial Marítimo Ciistotas A K^-to satisfactory apology has been£«» " ,__? the German Conaul from the Viceroy «^ by a mob on German off.eera «?*» W» s » ono of the boats belonging tottaf % Cormorant. The apology V« &° ^.^ t iteamor Pheonix on tho 6th' ultimo was destroyed by Aro between Haiphong and Hanoi. Three persons perished of the 65 on boaid. State Child-ben's Relief Boahd.-The annual report of the president of the State Children's Relief Board has boen presented to the Legislative assembly. It appears from tho document that lineo tho initiation of tho boarding-out system in 1881 the numbor of ohildron provided with homes by tho State had ¡ncronsod from C9 in that year lo 3071 for tho year ended with April last, those children aro all supported by tho State, idoptcd without paymout, apprenticed to usoful trades or occupations, or placed for treatment in Hie cottage homos established by tho department, rho total cost sf the maintenance of boarding-out thildrcn was £36,157, and tho average cost per head was £14 9s lid. The contributions of those parents who wero nblo to help to maintain tholr children amounted to £839, and uftor this sum , had been deduoted from the gross expenditure tho actual capitation cost was £14 3s 2d. Coast Hospital, Little Bay.-In his annual report on tho working of the Coast Hospital at Little Bay for tho year 1895, tho chief medical officer of tho Government, Dr. Ashburton Thomp eon, shows that during tho year 2151 pationta wero admitted, and ns thore woro 164 in tho in «titution at the ond of tho preceding year, it fol- lows that 2615 patients were rocoived for treat- ment. During the year 1824 pationta wero dis- charged well or convalescent, 482 wore discharged relieved, 62 woro discharged unreliovod, and 82 died, leaving 175 inmates of tho hospital at tho ond of 1895. During that period tho numbor of patients admitted shows an inuroaso of 393 over 1804, notwithstanding which tho rato of mortality vas slightly lower than tho provioua 12 moaths. Daring the period under roviow 96 caBcs of typhoid fovor woro admitted, being 47 loss than in 1894, and tho mortality dooroosed from 8-3 to 6.25 per cent. Altogether, 60 cases of scarlet fever woro admitted, with no fatal cases, as against 118 uses and nine deaths in 1891. Only ono caso of messlos was admitted, ns against soven in the previous year. There wero 45 cades of diphtheria, with one death, and fivo cobos of erysipelas, nono . of which proved fatal. In view of recent romavks ia Parliament, it is interesting to note the finan- cial operations of the institution. Thus it is learned that tho working expensen havo increased from £10,974 to £11,403, whilst tho cost of main- tenance and treatment, exclusivo of ambulance Bcrvico and cost of ropairs, has risen from £50 3s 6jd per head in 1891 to £51 le lljd in 1895. Shabks at Bondi.-At a mooting of tho Waverley Council on Tuesday tho local inspector of nuisances reported to tho council that 110 .harks had been buried in tho vioinity of Bondi beach during the past weak or two. The Late William Freeman Kitchen.—The death of William Freeman Kitchen, which occurred in St. Vincent’s Hospital on Tuesday evening, was yesterday made the subject of a magisterial inquiry by the City Coroner (Mr. J. C. Woore, J.P.). Mr. F. E. Wallace attended the inquiry as legal representative of the de- ceased’s relatives. Mr. Leopold Barnett, at whose residence, Byrock, Challis- avenue, Potts Point, deceased resided, was the first witness. He detailed the circumstances related in yester- day’s “Herald” regarding the finding of Kitchen in his bedroom with his throat cut, and his sub- sequent removal to St. Vincent’s Hospital. Latterly deceased had been despondent, apparently on account of an accident to his wife, and on Saturday last had expressed himself afraid that brain fever was about to attack him. On Monday, however, he seemed to have greatly improved. Constable Morrow said that when he entered the room in which Kitchen was found wounded the latter admitted having cut his throat with a razor. Senior-constable Hamilton said that he also went to Byrock, and when there asked Kitchen why he had done it. Deceased smiled and replied, “I don’t know.” Evidence regarding the wound and its result was given by Dr. Hughes, of St. Vincent’s Hospital, who was of opinion that if the wound had received attention within half an hour after it had been inflicted it might not have proved fatal, as it was not deep enough to sever any of the important vessels. Death was due to hemorrhage. A finding of suicide was recorded. The Water and Sewerage Board has granted the Paddington Council n loaso of portion of land, iitiatodiu Oxford-street, Paddington, known as tho Itescrvoir, for tho purpose of ercctiug a fire station Amendments ni grading aro notified by the Pabhc Bervico Board, affecting Messrs J Bishop and E Searson, uistriat court bailiffs, Sydney, tho altera- tion being that they aro allow od fees up to £100 a rear instead of £70, and Mr E Stanley, Chief Veterinary inspector, m w ho"o caso tho doduction of £85 for quarters IB lomovcd On Saturday ovoning Mi W V betley, ULA, addressed a meeting under tho auspices of tlio Leich- hardt Protection Union The chair was token hy Mr L Lewis Scott, the frosidont of tho union, and from 000 to 700 peoplo woro present Mr bchoy dealt with tho rival policies and fiscal soionco always of course, claiming the distinct advantago of protection When somo year or bo ago Messrs Anthony Hordorn and Sons carno to tlio determination of closing at 1 o'clock ou Saturdays, the employes made up their minds that a hnudsomo tokon of their gratitude and nnpiccintion should bo presented to Mr Samuel Hordern Something Ilka £1000 was collected iii the establishment, and a sterling silver banquet service ordered from England Tho presentation will toko placo on Monday evening next at a concert to bo hold at the Sydney Ton n Hall Professor David's lecturo on tho coral boring at tho uland of runafati takes piare this evening at the YMCA Hall, Pitt-strcot, undor tlio auspicoB of tho itoynl Geographical Society of Australasia, which has issued invitations to most of tho leading scientists, also ladies and others who aro thought to taI*o an interest in this importaut problem of investi- gation of tho origin of coral atolls It ib in earnest that much importance is attached to Hub work, when his Excellency Admiral Bridge has consontod to pro sido, notwithstanding the many duties just now imposed upon lum on tho ova of his departure from the colony Professor David hiB wo understand, gone to much tiouble to dourly demonstrate the work of boring by diamond drill ni the coral rock, which will bo shown by diagram« and lantern Bluies, and a portion of the coial coro obtained A mooting was held last night in tho Ashfield Hall, when the reduction of railnuy fare« to the w ostorn suburbs w ns considered at somo longtb Tlio Mayor of tlio borough (Alderman Tohn Upward) presided The speakers wore- Alderman Dougan, Mr Watkin, Mr Mark Hammond, Dr J D Sly Mr W II Flomiug, Alderman Mills, Aldcriuau Robson, Ml Bavtstor M L A Alderman Archer (Burwood), and Mr T W Morfey The following resolutions wero earned unanimously -1," That tina meeting is of opinion that the railway fares into Redfern from the¡>o suburbs aro excessive , " 2, " That a deputa- tion, cousistiug of the Mayor and aldermen of the borough Mr f Bavistor, M L A , and thovaiious speakeis wait upon tho Kail way Commissioners " 3, " That tho boroughs along tho Western line as far as Parramatta bo requested, through thoir respectivo Mayois to tal o similar actipn " Tho Hist gouoral mooting of sbaroholdors of tho Farmers anil rnutgrovv ers* Co operativo Society, Limited, was held at ibu Wool and Produce Co- operative Company's rooms d9 Hunter-street, yes- terday Tlio election of officers of the society re- sulted as follows -Prcsidont, lion G II Cox, MI C , trcasuioi Mr T Tthodes, Assoc lust 0 E socretary, Mr G A West , committee, Messis Ed Teny J P, Doimolly 1 isher, üiwuld M Mnster, H J Tau-boiin (1 nglish Whole nie Co operative Society, England), W C if Owen, TP , O ü Denlo (Canowindra), H Sparks (Ermington), AV. M Burns, JP, and J 8 llorou (Castle nill) Tho monthly meeting of the counoil of the Queen's Jubilee Puuil was held yostoiday alternoon at tho Town Hull Lady Manning presided, and tho fol- lowing woro presout -Mrs J It fairfax, Mrs Prendegnst, Mn J 1 Toohey Mrs Eric M'Kay, Mrs Talbot, Mis Houghton, Mrs W M'Millan, Mrs A J Rilov Miss btephon, Miss Dibbs (lion secretary), and Miss n S Garran (seoroUrv) The in rohovmg tho wants of 19 applicants Lightceu apphcauts woro granted mouoy amounting to £56 10s Alottor waa received from tho Hon Rupert Oarington Btatmg that Lady Carrington had made a special juhiloo collection ni England and had been successful in obtaining the Bum of £16ri 16s 7d A looture was dellvorod last\night bv tho secre- tary of tho Sydnoy Thoosophical bocicty, nt 42 Uargarot-stroot on "Démontais Ghosts, and Goblins " Tho different classes of luhabitauts of ghostland wore described, and several interesting and well authenticated stones of invisible helpers told and the nature of fairies elves brow nies, aud the " little peoplo " of peasant folk-loro explained Tho method of making astral thought-forms that Would go outand do tho sender's bidding was shown, tod the spirits of the four elements and thoir work desmbod We receive fioin Messrs nordorn Brothers, Pitt street, tho Empress paelcot of 50 Christmas and New Year cords Tlio selection is pretty and comprehen- sive The Rev. W. I. Carr-Smith delivered an address, entitled "Some Aspects of Social Reform," under the auspices of the Womanhood Suffrage League, at the School of Arts yesterday evening. Mrs. Griffiths presided, and the audience filled the hall. The lecturer referred to his experience in England and said that there they wanted more wholesome sur- roundings for the workshops, factories, and the employees' homes On Monday evening at Christ Church belltower a peal of 720 Grandsire Doubles, consistinig of six 120's, each called differently, was rung by the fol- lowing:—E. C. Alberts, treble; H. Davis, second; C. W. Porter (conductor), third; T. J. Corbett, fourth; H. Blakeley, fifth; A. L. Bennett, tenor. Time, 24 minutes. Tho Leichhardt Ladies' Benevolent Sociey on Tuesday evening held a successful moonlight conti- nental at Rodd Island, Leichhardt Bay, in aid of the funds of the society. There was a very large attendance, which completely filled the newly- erected pavilion. During the evening the pro- ceedings were much enlivened by capital musical selections given by the N.S.W. Police Band, under Bandmaster Hutchinson. An energetic body of ladies, with Mrs. A M. Ball as hon. secretary, dis- pensed tea and coffee, and a capital musical pro- gramme was supplied, In connection with the Bourke-street Congrega- tional Sunday School the annual hospital collection was taken up on Sunday afternoon last, when the sum of £20 15s was contributed. Mr. G. E Ardill invites tis to lay boforo our rendors tho claims of tho Sydney Rescue Work Socioty, which at presont shelters 100 women and 110 children in various homes Ho writes -"Our work ia not merely a spasmodic effort to próvido temporary relief for the destitute, but aims at secur- ing to tho individual« permanent i eliot from their distress by obtaining for thom situations, &c; " Captain W Knight, of the stoatner Wollovvro, yostcrilay handed to Captain Webber, of the Ship- wreck Relief Society, the Bum of £7 6s 7d, proceeds of concerts, He , hold on board that vossol The Sydney Hospital report for the weekended December 1 is ns follows -Admitted, 70, dis- charged, 75, died, 9, remaining, ¿87 . casualties treated but not admitted, 021, outdoor patiouts treated, 1332 