CHILDREN'S COLUMN. HOW TOM RODMAN JOINED THE GERMAN ARMY. 'Thomas,' said Professor Schinkel, as they were in the midst of supper, 'run down and see what all the noise is about' Tom Rodman was only 15 years old ; but like most Yankee boys of his age, he was pretty quick at getting news. He knew that the French Emperor had de- clared war against the Germans ; he knew that soldiers were being marched from every village of the fatherland, and he knew also that the Rhine was near the frontier of France. He was just then — this was in 1870— living- in the family of Professor Schinel, at Slangenstein, on the Rhine, and quickly made up his mind that the noise he heard in the street was made by troops marching to the war. So, with a big piece of brown bread in his hand and another in his mouth, he sprang downstairs two steps at a time, and opened the front door. The street was full ot soldiers who wore helmets of black leather on their heads and who looked very brown and strong, they all seemed to be looking for something; they had been marchiag all day, and each soldier carried a knapsack that weighed quite as much as a heavy child. As Tom Rodman was wondering what these soldiets wanted, a big corporal with a straw- coloured beard and blue eyes came up, measured the house with his eyes, counted the windows, then pulled out a piece of chalk and wrote on the door: — ' One corporal and seven men !' Tom now noticed that other doors in the street were being treated in the same way, and quickly learned why ; the whole town was to become night quarters for the troops marching to war. ' Is the Herr Professor at home ?' asked the corporal. 'Yes; come this way,' said Tom, now very much excited. The corporal knocked at the professor's door, and walked in with a sharp military tread. He then stood bolt upright, put one hand to the side of his helmet, after the soldier fashion, and said, in a voice that could be heard all over the house — 'I beg to tell you most respectfully, Herr Professor Schinkel, that it is my duty to bring here fop this night one corporal and seven men !' ' You are heartily welcome, Herr Cor- poral, said the professor. ' I am glad that I am able to do a little good at this time for the brave men who are going to war for the sake of our common country.' All waa now bustle in the Schinkel family. The seven soldiers came tramping upstairs, and were made as comfortable as was possible. Tom ran out to the baker's and the butcher's, and came running back with bread and meat. The soldiers had laid aside their gnns, knapsacks, and coats, and each did his share in getting supper ready. Corporal Kutchka was invited to eat, at the professor's table ; and he made the evening pass rapidly by telling stories about life in the army. Tom liked the corporal, for he was a big, healthy, strong man, full of enterprise. The professor found that Ki'chke ha.il be»n in the s^ms vniversi'y S3' himself, and thoy bad unuy i'liorjJs in c-cnuK-n. Tom though1; ho would give *? anything if h'- cru'i uuiy be a soldier !ikp Ku'c kf\ aud go to tho war. Ti'fl co-p'-r-»l noticed Toiu'o excit-unm1, and said, ' Hetr Prjfi'Bsor, why d»n*G ycu ftwid your ,&or-; thxTo t i tight for his country 1' Tue prtifetsur iau.jhp'1. ' Mv s^n 1 Why, ht'a not ray btj. He's not Garurin. Torn h an Am-vic-m bo/. HU nan^o ii» Tom Itxhum. II 6 mn-h't idihewilnw of a distingui-hod Awricm ai-ri'l^ry ( ffiier, and aho his sp.nt him here to iearu G-eiman in my family.' 'Well,' said Corporal Katcbk-i, «'you' do surprise me. The boy speaks such good German that I never thought he could be a foreigner. But of course foreigners don't care about fighting for us.' II. Th9 door was pa.-b^d open with much force, an I one of th* soldiers marched iuto tho room, knocked his hwls tngesh -r, stood vdty 8'iiff aud si ill, 1h«n si»id v;hh u Trfry clrt.» bun yet rather sad voioi; — ' Private Rjlhmiua has beou tjkou very il.' ' Hallio !' thought Tom, ' that is a fumy nmax'i tot a Girmui ; it Rounds like uii'i'.' 0 rpoi'1-' K'J'chlco onlrro'l tho pdvato to yu a .(j i- linn *h« arcuy BUrgnon, wlu!--. h. ij(tnaa.t' w- wl upataira to lchm what Ik : goaWj Rotbp»9& wai? very pj@ ^ weak. Tho heat of the day had affected him on the rmrcb, aud he was now tossing about in a fevorish manner. The surgeou came and said that Rothmann was wholly unfit to march, and must be left behind. He was at once taken to the hospital. As soon as Rothmann was gone, Tom Rodman went up to help the corporal about getting bedding for men. He found Kutchke saafcad on a drum rubbing his nose with a drumstick. ' Million Sohock Donnerwetter !' said Katchha. ' What will my captain say 1 I shall be blamed because he fail ill. And it's not my fault. It's tha fault of the people along the road, who keep giving the soldiers cigars and sau&age;, and make them useless for hard work.' TiiT When Tom went up to his room that night h': felt very aoru at not being allowed to go and fight with Corporal Kutchke, and he faared lest people might think him a coward. Ha sat down on the edge of his bed and began to make plans for running away and joining the army in spite of the professor. Just then he noticed the uni form which Rothmann had left behind when they hnd so hastily taken him to the hospital. H* jumped up, quickly stripped off his coit and trousers, and dressed him self in the uniform of a Prussian fnot sildier. The fit was not p-rf \c-, bat as h-* looked at himself in the glass he felt his shoulders straighten up and his chest swell with pride, and when he had finally put on the knapsack and the cartridge-belt, and the warlike helmet with the brass spike on top, he looked as though he had been made for this particular uniform. He was just about reaching for Rothmann's gun, which had been hung against the wall, when the door was thrown open, and Corporal Kutchke stood facirjg him, looking as though he had seen a ghost. ' What is it 1 Who are you 1 Are you Rothmann ?' Tom burst into a hearty laugh, and the corporal was so delighted at finding that Tom was not the ghost of Rothmann that he too joined. Suddenly Corporal Kutchke slapped Tom on the back and said — ' I have a grand idea. Do you want to be a soldier ?'. . ' Yes, indeed,' said Tom. ' Will you march with us to-morrow at daybreak-?1!- _ ' Certainly,' said Tom. « Then,' said Kutchke, ' I will take good care of you. It is against the regula tions, but in wartime we cannot be too strict. Your name is Rodman, and you must make believe that you are the man Rothmann whom we left behind. You are both about the same size, and the captain Is not likely to notice anything amiss, for I will drill you so that you will soon be as giod as any of the recruiter You are very big for your age, and you will have splendid stories to tell when you come back from the war.' 'But what about the professor?' said Tom. ' Oh, that la simple enough,' saM the corporal. 'Just write him a few lines telling him that you have gone to defend the fatherlaud against the French, and he will forgive you in the end, even if he is angry for the moment.' Tv7 Thpre was Lnirl m robing f -r poor T-nr-, find hi* kmtisack weighed very h*-avi*y on his young ahouliler', an.l now'aml thsrn h(». would glari y have g--no back to his c -tn- f irtnblt* bail at tho I'rofcHa-u'p, had ho not hern anx ous to show his Gei man comr--d(=B thit ft'i Amoriciu could mako a gond snHicr — for T.iru was a very pityio'ic boy. O-ie ni.;bt;, as they «'nre cooking their f.npp-'-r at tun cinop fir.-, Kitc'ike wuisppru.i in Tom's f\T !,hafc Bomo of thwr scouts had seen French uniforms in the distance, and that there woald soon bo a fight. At ab-.'Ut 2 o'clock in the morning bis company was drawn up ready to march, although it was pitch-dark. The captaiti made them a short speech, telling them they must make no aoiee, for they hoped to get very near to the euemy btfora htinp seen, and if they fought well many of them might, hops to g*4 the Iron Cross, whicn is t.e roost highly prz^d war medul iu the German army. Tnon rjiich Roidinr bell his hand caro ful'y ugaiust his niao so as to prevent the rattling of hia tin \vat*r-bottlo a^ain&t; his bayofjfit- BO.ibbard, und thus they marclivd tor about aa hour in silence, keeping a sliaij) look-'vut to right, ai,d !i-ft. Suddenly was bo^rd ping-piiig ping, the sound of rifle bulle:a \\\ hiz^ing ov«r tb«ir headu, nnd quou commenced & clatteg of fef&Rtoy; €nf ivs the $wwk U$ Ajwww^ the movements of this company in the faint light of tho dawning day. But it was too lute for effective resistance oa the part of the enemy, who were taken by surprise, and had to retreat up the slopes of a gentle hill, on the top of which stood six cannon la a row; but, curiously enough, they were pointing in the opposite direction from Tom. As soon as the noise of the firing was heard, Tom heard the bugles blowing, and kni«w from this that the French would 3--oa be firing off their big guns aS them. TheD the captain roared out to them f o run as hard as they couli und capture these six pieces of cannon before they c*-uld be turned round and fired off; so they all started with a great hurrah, and arrived at the guns just as the French artillerymen were trying to move them into positions. Tom oould not tell exactly what happened, excepting that there seemed to be hundreds of swords waving in the air and a constant rattling of infantry fire. Now and then a man dropped, but Tom was too excited to notice why he dropped. His blood was aroused, and he thought only of keeping near Kutchke and winning the Iron Cross. There was one cannon which was just about, to be fired, when Kutcbke sprang at the mau in charge and knocked him down with the butt of his rifle ; but no sooner was this done than another man sprang forward to fire the gun, and threp. French men attacked Ku'chke at once. Then Tom sprang forward like a wild cat and smashed the gun of a Frenchman who was just about sticking his bayonet through Kutchke's back, and at this the other two ran away. Then the captain, who was fighting close to them, shouted out, 'Well done, Rodman; you have saved Kutchke's life !'' And the soldiers near by shouted ' Hurrah I' still more vigorously, and looked at Rodman as though they wore proud of him. But now the captain commenced to 1-p anxious for the safety of his company, and ordered the men to harness up the horses to the French cannon so as to get them back as trophies, for there were signs in the distance that., large forces of French were coming up. They had no sooner brought the horsfB up to be harnessed than a regiment of French cavalry were seen galloping towards them in a cloud of dust. On they came with loud shouts, and then was no time to waste. Tom's company was ordered to lie down beneath the guns and not to fire until the horse? were close to them, and then to give them a v--lley all together. This plan worked splendidly, for the French were so surprised by this sudden response that there was much con fusion amongst them, and (they hesitated. T'»m noticed a French officer carrying a flip;, wbich in war is considered a very precious trophy. When that Frenchman saw the effect of the first volley he looked about him as though ready to run away, and when a second volley was fired, which killed more Frenchmen, he wheeled round with the flag in his hand and put spurs to his horse. But Tom did not wait for orders in the prP8ence of such an opportunity. He seized the nearest artillery horse, jumped iuto the saddle in the twinkling of an eye, and made straight for the flying French f ffioer. The race was an exciting one, and Tom soon discovered that it was likely to be a dangerous one ; for they soon left fhe b-ittl--fi«!d behind themv and he had before him th« jrr pp cb of fighting -a deepeivitp vmiD. Tom ha-i ro wi- ijins-, 'for bn had thrown aw--y oi« ru', find at, tho sara* tirnp he. httd B'st t ff i-i-? kn:«p R-'k iwd enrfrirtgp bblc Totn.fh u'rdtn h-- Fi'erchma.n that ho mu t Mirreiid»v, huL th' F enchra-w p-iid jjo p.itcnii'V) to it; so Tom took - IF thr a inup lealhaifl fr--m tho saddle whilw Bis horso kept up his fuiious 'i c ?. TI-* hunt? ',ho two stiirnps on lo one leather, fine] j in-d tn» two lea'lwrs rogo'Sher' s- that, thay wtiuM a retch ft !? -'(-,' distance.' Then he swung this around his ru-adas thonyh i: bad been a long slu'g, and waited for a time to u=e it, Tho Frenchman was not n very gooii rider, Raid iho conn try over which he rode was rather rough, so that ho did not dare to turn round in the saddle ex cepting just enough to point hi3 pistol at Tom and fire it off without bit1 ing any thing. Tom was gaining inch by inch, an-} at laRt was ready for a blow, A aarrow ind rapid river was close ahead of them, mid the Fr-nrhmau no doubt felt that escaiH wa* hopeless without a strngglo, so ho iho'.v his sword, whirled his horso, and atvaick'-d Torn f'r tha purpose of running him through the budy. Tom kept cool, swung liis long leathf-r gently around his h°ar1, and just at the moment when tho Frenchman «:tp rtj«dy to m;iko his lunge he «iv(» all his slreng'.h to a final swing that brought the stiirun.H tog»'th«r agaiust the left chock of the Fret.ohitCin, who fell to blow W88 enough, and Tom sprang from hia horse, seizad the flag and sword from the ? enemy, and then fetched woter from the river and bandaged up the Frenchman's wound. Tom would have stayed longer with this French officer had it not been that French troops made their appearance over the tops of the ridges. ' (To le concluded in our next.) 