THE BALMORAL CONVERSAZIONE. To the Edilor of the Hamilton Spectator.) Sis, — As moat of thos" present- at onr Bal moral ooavereazl -ne on Wednesday tost t-k«v or at »ny rat-, re-d your widely ctrcu!ati<-g paper, I wdl tt>siik you if y«>n will give me opportunity t'f addiertiiic a few words (0 them. Our Minister and I also, in my capacity as Elder of oar Obarcb, are mo«t d« rirous that ail future eitherings in cunoecrion with our Presbyreriao buicb be opened by tile singing of a hymn and jirayer, after the g«od -old habit ot our forefatbeis still in vogue inthe old 00 on try, and for the most part the prsctiee io this, . On Wtdnetdsy, vor first, cunvetaarione, this plan was somewhat modified, lest' any well-wishers kindly attending with the view of helping on the effort, aod at tbe same time enjoying an eveoiuge amusement, might find themselves, as it were, entrapped into taking part in u re ligious ernce in which they would not volun tarily join from conscientious sample. Hhonld there be any such in future this difficulty can be dianniMl of fav their not PJiifirinir tha hall till this vboit preparatory service he over, seats be«ng reserved for them on their Informing tha .Secretary of the number required. Doubtless your able local correspondent will furnish your readets wita details of this in every way pleasant gathering. Suffice it -for me to may , that the ball was full, the refreshments firet- cLss And abundant. The Rev. fl. Howard gave an admiiable though aeoetaarily short address before entering upon what might be termed his "character sketches," which were rendered in his well-known, graphic, racy and 'most amusing style. His address, I am sure, will be long remembered, and should bear good fruit. It wss a noble and telling testimony to the f«ct that Ghost and the carrying out of 'His pro gramme can alone save the world, right its wroogs, and bring about the only true and universal brotherhood His character sketches were irresistibly funoy and mirth producing, aod will occasion many a laugh yet, in the at tempt so retail his many chirp hit', the typical Scot cuming in for most of his hardest raps. He well merited nud received a most hearty vote of thanks. In the musical part of our programme we had just an estfarrisse <Ze rfcfics both instru mental aod vocal Toe recitations by Messrs. A. R-es and W. Hayman would have been encored had time permitted. Mr. Lindsay pro cured a pronounced encore, with his opening song. Onr Chairman then intimated that it was impossible to find time for encores, his wisdom in doing ao was proved by the fact that it was after eleven before onr very happy gather ing broke op, after the manner of ail Scotch entertainment?, by the ringing of " Auld Lang Syr«e." A good old tody friend voiced the feel ing of most, if not all, present when she said, " If all your conversaziones are going to belike this one, FJl attend them all." Oar only re-, gret was that many who wished to be with us were unavoidably absent, thongh had any more attended t&ere; would have been scant room for them, >his proves the wisdom of the effort to be made n-xt month, about the full moon, due notice vi which soil be given by advertisement in your paper, to hold a rake and fruit fair to raira tauds for adding to tbe hU a small annex in which refreshment era be prepared and served, which will add largely to the comfort of tbe ladies preparing the aatne, and also give mnre room to the bulL This it is hoped will be ready in time for onr next effort, which will be on a much larger scale, (be members of the Presbytery having accented invitations to attend on or about the full moon in April. Permit me in closing, in mv capacity as Hod. Bee. of Balmoral Church, to thnk all who in any way helped to bring about tbe very successful en tertainment of Wednesday last. — I am, e'e,, ALEX. TURNBULL, Elder Balmoral Church 