DEATH OF SIB CHAS. LILLEY. Sir Charlea Lilley, who hos been ill for some time, Butlered a relapse Ht 4 o'clock on Thursday afternoon, from which he never rallied, and his death took place cn Friday at Brisbane. Mr. J. Tighe Byan, writing in thu Daily Telegraph, naya: "When Sir Charles Lilley cunio to Sydney in November, 1802, after giving bis decision in favor of the plaintiffs in the great case, the Queensland Invest- ment Company v. the Queensland National Bank, lie was a changed man. It would be Impossible for even a resident of Sydney to imagine the state of public feeling caused hy the case in the northern capital. It was recognised that the leading public men in the colony were practically on their trial. Personal feeling was at fever pitch, the case was guardedly discussed in the papers, it was talked about in the street, in drawing rooms, and in the clubs, and was a destruc- tive eleriientin social life. As the community is, small, all the tittle- tattle came to the ears of the Chief Justice. He knew that efforts were being made to inflame the minds of the people against him, and to establish the idea that he was favoring his son, who was the advocate for the plaintiffs. The veteran judge was, however, fearless, and apparently unconcerned. But it is impossible even for a judge to be unconcerned when attacks are made upon his honour. " I could not demean myself by replying," he said when it was nil over : " hut the fire burned within, and has Dearly consumed my life." In truth, he was a wreck. It was pitiful to see h i di in his room at Petty's hotel, thin and haggard, broken down in health, the ghost ol the tremendous Charley Lilley we bad known 12 months previously.' " I do not expect to live longer than five years," he said on the evening of the 14th November, 1802. His prophesy has come true, and many lost on Friday a staunch friend, and Australia one of the most picturesque and greatest figures seen in her public life. There can be no matter of doubt , that the case referred to, the last that came, before him, killed the Chief Justice. Had Sir Charles lived and remained in fuir health until the end of this year, some strange facts would probably have leaped to light in Queensland. Sir Charles was full of superstitions, which he deplored, and attributed to the Norman blood in his veins. There were curious coincidences in his life which had some influence on his character, "When I was leaving England," he said to me one evening, our vessel wns towed out of Liverpool by a tug named the ' United States'; I arrived in Sydney on the ' 4th of July, 1850, the anniversary of American Independence ; and wo were towed up the harbor by the tug ' Washington.' I remember overhearing someone remnrk 'There is a notable man on this vessel'; and I then determined that I should win distinction, and do what I could to make a nation of the country of my adoption. I remained twenty-seven years here ; then I took a trip to America with my eldest son, and I passed through the Golden Gates on the exact day and year that 100 years previously Washington fought the great battle which ended the revolution- ary war and decided the independence of America. When we crossed to England our vessel was towed up the Mersey by the 'United States.* We went to France, and on the night we arrived noticed that the streets of Paris were illuminated. ' What docs this mean ? ' I said to my son, and he replied that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the French Revolution. We travelled on the Continent a good deal, and reached Italy just in time to join a procession to the tomb of Victor Emanuel. The 4th of July Is my lucky day." So he could not escape from the notion that he was destined to advance or lead the cause of Republicanism in Australia. When Lilley was a lad, he met a recruiting sergeant in the streets af Loudon, accepted the Queen's shilling, and joined the army. He was not a good model for Tommy Atkins. One night he collected his fellow-soldiers in a carn, and addressed them on the necessity of improving their condition. The news came.to the ears of the officers, and young Lilley was sent to another part of the coun- try, and punished. Eventually his parents bought him out of the array, and he resumed his studies. When he arrived in Sydney be was penni- less. An old comrade with whom he had served in England harbored him at the barracks. One day in the Public Library he saw an advertisement in the "Empire" for a law clerk in Moreton Bay, and he secured the position, On the way up he slept the first night on a coil of rope on deck. Convicts were among the passengers, and one offered Lilley his bunk. The consequence of that kind act, which was never forgotten, would make an interesting chapter in the political and social history af Queensland. Hts subse- quent career, ivs editor and part proprietor of the Brisbane " Courier," Attorney-General, Premier, and Chief Justice, is well known. He claimed to be the first man to give free education to Australians. As Premier, he took nil the responsibility, and abolished the Behool fees by iv stroke af the pen, without consulting the Cabinet. It was the hope of his life that he'would live to make higher education available to the son of the poorest and he even thought it possible to have a free University in Queensland. ' As a public speaker, he had few equals ; as a conversationalist, I have never met his match, " While the chief is speaking, I am afraid lest someone should interrupt and break the charm," I heard one of his fellow judges say. He lived quietly, and adored his family. For years he rose before day- break to prepare his sons for their examina- tions. Since his resignation he had been restless and unhappy because he had too much rest, Hull Caine's new novel, " The Christian," will be published this month. The first edition is to consist of 50,000 copies. Trees which grow on the northern side of a hill makes more durable lumber than those which grow on the southern side. 