THE FEDERAL PATTER OF JOHN HAYNES. Mn. HAYinas: "I've been a public man atof many parts for years. I was in jail once." A voice: "You ought to be there now." Mr. Haynes: "Yes, of course; as governoor o?ver you. Now, I wouldn't have said a word about meeting that gentleman in Darliaghurst only he interrupted me." An Elector: "You can't stop the alien races coming into the colony under the British constitution." Mr. EHaynes: "Oh, yes we can; we stopped the Chinamen. I don't know how you got in." An Elector (to Mr. Haynes, while speaking on the defece question): " Oh, give us some federation; d-d your armies." Iu his speech on Wednesday night Mr. Haynes referred to Mr. J. T. Walker as " Hookhy Wilker the Sundey demo?orat." Referring to the mi.itarycorps--The Old Guads- reeerntly foamed by Sir George Dibbs, Mr. BHaynes said that the only weapone they required was a lerg-eight tele eocpe so that they might see the aermy at a dlset-nee, and that the uiilorm shoold he all '-proof at the back. "Wiat about Ol k'?" said an elector to Mir. Hayuen. "On I irick's all right," said the irrepressible John. "I dealt with him. quickly, and mde hiMn change heis address into fire minutes foram Boul to the Iflirmary." " Wioch O'Connor do you mii' 20" said ao elector to Mi. Haynes, "is it Dau ?" "Oh, ul" eaid Mr. Iaynues; "Dan's all right. II be says anything on time platforli you don't like he'll meet you on the e airs, and osk you to come and have a little olunt nto the private raiom. Oh, Dan's all right; you need never be afraidl of Dan's plinolplte." "I've a brother a lawyer," said Mr. Haynes. "He's the only one of the family that everc wcent wrongi. H-wever, he's done pretty well for himself. H:'s in parliament in South Australia. I haven's asked him for his opinion on federation; he might hobarge me for it." " I know you'ee got the best body of aider men in the colony here," said Mr. HMaynes. "I nay that everywhiere I o." " I lhke to honve a oat at these lawyers," said Mr. Hayners. "They're as easy to pull to pieces as a boiled fowl." Ma Haynes desciibed Mr. R. E. O'Connor is th. advo- ite oa plutoeracy in the Upper House. " Mr. Wise." said Mi. Haynes, " was a man wtili mmglhli prospot haId he been true to tile people; but when they asked him to face tihe hurdles of Ieform he Ianlked and ran roud them, aad thus ended bie political caroenl." " Mr. Brece Smith," said Mr. Haynes, "is aoulher splenauid specimen of a democrat. •He objected to paymenut of members, wooldn't draw his sarew, and left it lying in the trea sury for two years. When ha was thrown anout however he went down to the rreasury in the middle of tihe night, got down the chimney, and collared the lut; and it's a jolly good job the treasuny safes were locked " "Thi* cry of defence," said Mr. Haynes, " was first raised wlie we were told that there weare 400 000,000 Quong Tarts coming over from China, to acpture Australia. They tried to Irighten us with pigtailed ghosts." Mr. HMynous: "Armies are concerns in whic b the upper-crust get billets for their sons. If a man has two sons, and one of them happens to be a radical, he puts him into the army. If the other is a weokly fellow, they make a clergyman or a member of par liament of him." "The qualification for officers in Dibbs' Old Guards is the length of 'shanks,'" so says Mr. Haynens. Mr. Hayneo says that Mr. J. O Neild, who is now in Eualand, had the words " Mjuor General J. O. Neild " painted in white letters on his purtmanteau and bouts when leaving for England. "I did not come her to deal out ice.c-oream," said Mr. Hayuca. "I don't ask quarter, and I'm not going to give quarter." Mr. Haynees: "Some men went into par liament for enoial reasones. and as soon as they got in they swelled out to twices their size, puffed out their chibets like pouter p'geons, and contracted opthalmia which pre vented them frim seeing the m'n who had worked for them b.efore the declaration of tbe poll." "We want no armies," said Mr. Haynes. " Your eleolors' rigbt' are all the weapons you want inu bin country." 