AMÜSEMENTS. The Orphanage Ball. The ball m aid of the Catho ic Orphanage was held in the Freemasons' Hall hst evening. Â large and brilliant company, handsome and tasteful costumes, good music, and excellent management combined to make it one of i he most enjoyabla social festivals of the year. The arrangements were carried out by an influential committee of ladies and gentlemen, with Mr. A. J. Hall as chairman, and Messrs. A. H. Gibson and H. M'Vcagh as hon. secretaries ; and the manner in which all worked to render the ball a success is deserving of the highest praise. They were greatly assisted by a number of citizens and tradesmen, and there is not the slightest doubt that the result will be a substantial benefit in aid of the projected institution. Over 100 ladies and gentlemen were present ; but a number of additional tickets were sold, and a considerable sum in aid of the institution was collected independent of the sale of tickets. A programme of 20 dances was gone through to the music of SewelFa fctriug Hand, and dancing was kept up with great spirit till an early hour in the morning. The floor was in very good order and just about comfortably accom- modated the dancers, while the card rooms and the lounge on the balcony always had their habitves. Mr. W. J. Biggs presided over a refreshment bar, and the money placed, in the boxes by those who availed themselves of the convenience should add J materially to the proceeds. j Supper was served in excellent style from half-past 10 o'clock till after midnight in the balcony, which had been shut in with canvas and lighted with Chinese lanterns. The tables were nicely decorated and loaded with abundance of tempting fare, which had been contributed by. the ladies of the committee, who also provided the attendance. The laHiet, assisted by mem- bers of the 'committee and others, had worked hard all day arranging the supper tables, and they had their reward in the appreciation which their efforts met with. A number of elegant costumes wera worn by ladies present, some of which had previously been seen at the Masonic ball ; and the hall presented a very brilliant scene when they were all moving about in the mazes of the danoo. All present appeared to enjoy themselves thoroughly j and judging hy the expressions heard on every fide the ball will become a favorite annual social fixture. The Crystal Theatre will be reopened to-morrow night with a Cinématographe exhibition. Pictures of the Jubilee Pro- cession are among those promised. *' Pro- fessor Barker" will also give an exhibition of " mystic illusions." A continental is to be (riven to-night in the grounds of the Temperance Hall, Cobalt street. An attractive programme of songs and dances has been prepared. Mr. Correll announces that the hall and garden will now accommodate about 2000 persons, and throughout the summer a series of open-air entertainments will be held. There was a good attendance at the Electric Hall last evening, when a first- class programme was presented. Messrs. Lee, Gale, Tatty, and Fanning all received encores for their vocal efforts, as did also Miss Lena Yoong. The dancing of Miss ¡Lottie Southwell waa much appreciated. ! The entertainment closed with the farca, "The Suburban Ghost." 