THE MERCURY. HOBART: MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1897. -«. EPITOME OF NEWS. Break o'Day v. Dorwent match. Former 190 ; latter 113 and SO for six wickets. Antonio's Novolty Circus crowded to excess at Saturday's matinée performance. Twelfth Parliament of Tasmania opens its first session to-morrow. An earth tremor felt at Moorina on Friday night. Lottah, s.S., leaves for Channel ports 8.30 a.m. to-day. Ten boys are wanted for St. David's dihedral choir. W. Horlock and A. Stevenson, residents of Gordon, drowned on Friday afternoon. Strong westerly wind and heavy rain at Launceston yesterday. Wintry temperature. Oak Leaf Lodge, U.A.O.D., meet to wel- come Grand President, 8 o'clock this evening. Brighton Assessment Appeal Court sits at Pontville 11 a-m. to-morrow. Nubeena, s s., makes trip to Taranna, landing passengers for Port Arthur, 8.4S a.m. to-day. Extraordinary meeting Freemasons'-hall Co., Freemasons'-hall, Murray-street, S p.m. to-morrow. The Mayor of Hobart acknowledges sub- scriptions to the amount of £30 13s. to the Indian Famine Relief Fund. Hon. John Henry returns thanks to the electors of Tasmania for his election to the Federal Convention. Hobart Corporation invite tenders for sheet piling face of timber retaining walls at mouth of H obart Rivulet. Gourlay season opens at Theatre Royal to- night. Skipjied by the Light of die Moon will be the initial production. S.s. Orotava again afloat. Silver quotation 29 5-16d. Sir Thomas Elder bas died at Adelaide. Newhaven won V.K.C. Loch PJate from a couplo of others. Paul Kruger trying to persuado President of Orange Free btate to enrol moro soldiers. Debate on increase of Imperial Navy pro cceding in House of Commons. Greece has now 100,000 men of all arms ready to take the field nbould war be pro- claimed. War office considering the advisability of increasing permanent military force in South Africa. The fugitivo King of Benin is returning to hold a poaco palaver with Her Majesty's High Commissioner. New York press commends President McKinley'a Bpeech made in the Washington Capitol. ' Turkish troops in Crete are) to*be kept within th» towns outil withdrawn from the Wand. Greek Premier declares his country will onduro being wiped off tho map of Europo rather than submit to menaces. ' British Ambassador at Washington has demanded extradition of Butler, the Glen- brook suspect. Ship Durwont, 'bound for Sydney, has collided off Start Point, and has been towed to Plymouth for romirs. Partiol roturna of South Australian Föderal Convention election published in another column. Ministerial candidates standing well. Gorman Imperial Budget Committee startled at the magnitude of proposals for in croaso of Na\y as made by the Secretary of Stale. Osman Dijrnn having purchased rifles and war material trom tho Negus of Abyssina is nctively marshalling Dorvishes to resist iho Anglo-Egyptian expedition wliou it comes his way' __^^^__^__ . SOME fifty years ago there was a mem- ber of the House of Commons named UitQUiiART, who was what is called a " travelled tbane." He was one of those Britous who had, like ULYSSES, seen many men and cities, and he knew foreign countries in a way that very few mon can boast of. He was a llussiaphobist, that is, in those days when Russia was modestly at Orenburg and not on the borders of Afghanistan 3,000 miles away, he held that the advance of Russia was one of the dungers to which Europe, and especially Great Britain, should give careful heed. He was, of course, laughed at. The Liberals of the Man- chester Sctíoól, who were then thought to be the coming saviours of their country, made much fun of URQUHART, the far-sighted and invincible, whilst Punch was never weary of publishing cartoons, in which he was made out to be a bort of male Cassandra. lu one respect he has proved to be a Cassandra, for to her Apollo gave the gift of prophecy, but he also so managed that nobody should believe her. This was the case with Mr. URQUHART, for he uttered his fears to no purpose, and marshalled his facts without getting anybody to believe them. On one occasion lie laid an indictment against the whole foreign policy of the Ministry, in reply to which Lord PALMERSTON spoke for nine hours,,to a House which gave him all its attention for that long time. Lord PALMERSTON achieved a great triumph, both as Foreign Minister and as orator, and the whole press, which' is usually moved only by the immediate aspect of affairs, made great fun of the demolition of Mr. URQUHART, who, we believe, did not again arraign the policy of the Ministry, No doubt, what bo said was in some respects exaggerated, so that a critic or au opponent by keeping the exaggerations in the front might readily seem to refute him, because the ordinary reader and politician seldom cares to go much below the surface, and if one thing is disproved is apt to conclude that all is answered. But, if these same critics and politi- cians were to read Mr. URQUHART'S speeches by the light of what we now know, they would, no doubt, see reason to be ashamed of much that they said, and would not feel quite so clever as they used to feel when they laughed at the fears about the Russian advance, and mocked at the notion that Russia could ever cross the desert and plant 'herself on the borders of India. The moral comes home to us just now, because the tension over the Eastern Question is so great that not even the best informed can say what will happen from one day to another, and all the Powers are prepar- ing for war, as a thing quite possible. It would be presumption to pretend to fully understand the position, since there is hardly anybody in Europe who can say that he is master of the whole case, not even statesmen at the head of affairs. But, we can see, and see very plainly too, that the policy of Russia is being steadily worked out, and that she is the coming Power with whom accounts will have to be settled some day. In this respect she is not only doing all that Mr. URQUHART ever predicted, but a great deal more, for he insisted mainly on her advance towards India, and laughed at the notion that the Turcomans would be any real obstacle to her march across the desert of Central Asia. Now, we see that slio has not only gone across that desert, but that she is actually estab- lishing herself in China, over which country she seems to have gained a tolerably effective control. A recent telegram states that she has sent a body of troops into Manchuria, but this, in the usual way, is explained to mean merely that she desires to guard the workmen on her railway, which is another little harmless project, to which the world is told it need not pay any particular attention. When she went to Khiva, it was to prevent outiages to Russian traders, and nothing more ; when she arrived at Merv, she told the world that her love for science was the sole motive ; when she advanced on to Afghan territory, it was to study the character ot the country. But, she never goes back. All these tilings coree to the mind in leading the Blue Book on the Oriental 'Question, which has just been issued by the British Govern- ment. Io its pages we find very con- clusive evidence that Lord SALISBURY, as we learned from his speeches, was much in earnest in his desire to end the Armenian outrages, as were some of the other Powers, but we find that no clear answer could be got from Russia. She was willing to remon- strate, even prepared to take sharp measures if Turkey failed to keep her promises, but she really could not see what Turkey could do for want of money, and the end has been that nothing has been done. We find, too, that France seems to have gone almost step by step with Russia, but gave assurances that the SULTAN would be made to understand the grave position in which he placed himself, if he refused to listen to the representations of the Powers. But, both France and RuBsia declared that nothing could be done unless the Powers were unanimous, whilst France insisted that the reforms must apply to all the nations in Turkey alike, and that there must be a limit fixed as to what was to be done. Italy appears to have joined heartily with England, but we read nothing about Germany, whilst Austria seems to have played what is called a waiting game. The total result is nil, so far as reforms go, but there is, evidently, something behind about which we have absolutely no information, which has rendered the situation much more acute than it was before, and has set all the nations at work ordering Whitehead i torpedo«, tai. caused Great Britain I to have lier fleet in readiness for im- j mediate action. Whatever that somc f thing is, the key to the whole situa- tion will be found to be in the | possession of Russia. Whether Great Brituin will care to i fight for the preseivation of Turkey is [ a point on which there is slill some doubt, but it is understood that she will insist on some reasonable kind of . division, if oue must be made. As far I back as 1853, Hr.rt MA.TI:STY, with the strong good-sense which marks all her dealings with foreign affairs, wrote to Lord ABERDEEN, and asked whether it was really worih while to fight for u decrepid empire like Turkey. lu this she was backed up by a strong opinion from Princo ALBERT, with whom was his adviser, Baron STOOKMAH, and there can be no doubt that if HEU MAJESTY had been allowed to have her way there would have been no Crimean War, and the Oriental Question would be settled, as it will have to be settled at last. The present difficulty seems to be, that the Powers are unable to agree as to how the final arrangement shall be made. It is admitted that Turkey is in a hopeless condition, that year by year she is falling to pieces, and sooner or later the explosion will come in which she must perish. This is why there is such dread of any action by Greece, which may bring on a war in Macedonia, but it is manifest tli<\t the situation is one that cannot last. The elements of danger are found to be in the diverse interests of the Powers. Austria may find herself compolled to fight to save hereelf from serious injury, France mixes up the Egyptian Ques- tion with all that is done, while Russia steadily waits her time, and bas secured the Dardanelles, so that she is already the one sea Power that can strike. How it all will end is the problem. PARLIAMENT will re-assemble to- morrow afternoon, the sitting being understood by common consent to be merely the formal gathering required by the Constitutional Act, the usual nnnuul meeting for thej despatch of business being deferred until later in the year. Ministers arc in the admit- tedly unusually happy position 'of be- ing able to make this arrangement without first of all asking for supplies to carry on the bubiness of the country, for one of the lust acts of the expiring Ast,en>bly of 189G was to pass the Ap- propriation Bill for tho whole- of 1897, thus leaving the Government entirely masters of the situation, and, but for the necessity for summoning the new Parliament within 90 days of the re- turn of the writs, rendering them, if they chose to take such a course, independent of Parliamentary re- quirements for more months to come Jthan one cares to calmly contemplate. Not that there is any such intention. Ministers have, if not in so many words, at any rate to those who have chosen to ask them of the future, been quite as explicit as they have in regat d to the need for post- ponement of serious work. The pro- gramme, too, if carried out in its entirety, will really involve ' but little delay, »for the Houses will meet for despatch of business almost within a month of the usual day for commence- ment. As a rule, the day of meeting is an early one in July, and this year, notwithstanding the Premier's absence in England and the Attorney-Gcnerul's American tour, their colleagues hope to so use the recess that there will be quite enough bills and other work ready by the first week in August to justify the summoning of members from their homes at that season, when the leader of the Government also expects to be back in the colony after taking part on its behalf in the Queen's jubilee cele- brations. Financially. Parliament will then be oven better able than usual to look the state of things in the face, having two more months'data to proceed upon. Another matter in which pro- gress may be made in the interim is in regard to mining law. In many points in the regulations much readjustment is needed, so long as it is readjustment upon right lines and in the right direction. As to this matter it is the intention of a private member to ask for _ a Koyal Commission to sit during the recess, by which the re- assembling Parliament may be furnished with recommendations upon which it may rely with confidence in a task upon the right performance of which so much of the colony's future depends. Thus, with the Local Govern- ment Bill, which the Attorney-General is understood to have almost ready in his pigeon-holes even now, there is ample to make a start with of a very satisfying description. If the Houses, Uien, mean work, there need indeed be actually no delay at all, for spare time does not always mean progress in busi- ness, but rather the reverse. The annual Legislative Council elections also take place in May, so that it will be two newly constituted Houses which I will eventually face the work of the] year, with the seriousness and sense of ( responsibility which they deserve. j .- I \--- ' 1 DEFENCE of the colonies will be ono of the chief topics of discussion by the Federal Convention. It has been talked of aforetime, and under many circumstances, but nothing tangible has resulted. The day is yet afar off, let us hope, in which tho colonies will need a standing army, and yet it is necessary to be prepared. Without attaching any importance to what prophecy mongers foretell ns to ap- proaching war, which, before the pre- sent century ends, is to' change the entire political^ aspect of the globe, prior to close- impending Armageddon and the coming of the Millennium, the fact asserts itself that fit preparation for war has come to be recog- nised as the best surety of peace. If a colonial army is to bo created, it will be necessary to commence with our boya. Lieut.-General Sir fl. M. Have- lock Allan in a recent article in the Fortnightly Review has traversed the assertion that the Uri tish Nation is powerless to carry _ out military opera- tions, because it has no army and no means of getting one. He asserts that the army is very good, so far as it goes, but its augmentation depends outside of ordinary enlistment on voluntary t »tbing or conscription. He would have every able-bodied boy from the aire of nine years to the time of leaving the Board or Voluntary School trained in military drill for two hours ia each week, and that unless the boy consents, through his parents or guardians, to carry out this small amount of patriotic duty, that is, to become a qualified volunteer, he should be held liable to pay for every stage of education himself. It is, of course, assumed that after leaving school the training would be continued until at the age of twenty-one the boy soldier becomes a qualified volunteer. Sir H. M. Havelock Allan suggests that in order to avoid training an unneces- sarily large number of boys, a selection should be made of the strongest phys- ically, and only boys having a special facility for bearing arms should be asked to continue their further military training. He calculates that in 12 years the nation would have two millions of young and sturdy trained men ready to join at a few days' notice in any popular campaign on receipt of a moderate war bounty, and who under » mouth's training in a regular battalion would be ready to take the fiold. Ho further says "once that the principle of patriotic duty of every able bodied mau to qualify as a volun teer has been admitted by a resolution of both Houses of Parliament, ail lads should receive State aid in technical training, _ und in their trades, only on condition of serving their country by thus qualifying." It is only on some such lines us here indicated that volunteering in the colonies will eve r bo raised above its present ineflective standard. Physical traininç and semi military drill as practised in most of our schools is useful as far as it goes, but stops short of practical utility. It needs supplementing by compulsory training. This mightbe obtained with a minimum of individual sacrifico in hours stolen from football, cricket, and more doubtful recreations. THE fourteenth annual statement of account of the Salvation Army of Aus- tralasia has been issued, the year end- ing on 30th Septomber last. The chief points in the document are of public interest as showing how the organisa- tion is expanding in its commercial and financial aspect. The general balance sheet shows total assets £232,277 11s. Gd. (This includes freehold and leasehold properties \alued_at £213,887 8s. Cd). Tho liabilities include loans, trust moneys, deposits, etc., £111,291 19s. 4d.; Pension lund, £9,245 0s. 10d.; and Salvation Army Fund, £111,090 2s. 4d. The General Fund account shows re- ceipts, £8,095 5s. lid. (including grants from the Trade Department of £1,700), and expenditure, £6,763 10s. 8id., leaving a balance to be carried to the Salvation Army Fund of £1,331 lös. 2gd. Without the grant from the Trade Department the General Fund would have been in debit £418 4s. 9id. The Self Denial 'Fund shows an income of £14,159 9s 5d. "by contributions from corps, etc.," a tangible proof of the earnestness) of individual members of the Army and the practical sympathy of friends of the cause. The expenditure of this fund includes £5,500 for foreign service and head- quarters, £2,000 for training homes, £3,966 for colonies, divisions, and corps, and £1,549 for general maintenance fund. The Property Fund Account shows a revenue from rents, interest, building contributions, annuity fund, and profit on sale of land, amounting in all to £12,627 17s, 3d. Of this amount £1,000 has been reserved to cover depreciation of property, £2,026 Is. 2d. has been carried to the Salvation Ârmy"Fund,and the balance has been ex- pended on upkeep, interest,commissions, and departmental working expanses, the latter amounting to £888 13s. lid. The profit from this branch of revenue, it will be observed, is small. The trade and profit and loss account shows a nett profit for the year of £1,444 12s. 9d. on sales amounting to £23,325 17s., plus £2,665 2s. 9d. additions to stock. The trade balance-sheet shows assets £13,350 0s. 7id., the liabilities being £11,580 11s. to capital account, £1,201 19s. 7d. to reserve account, and £561 10s. Oid. duo to sundry creditors. The pertinacity with which the odd half- penny crops mp is characteristic of the Army system. Keverting to ex- penditure under the General Fund, the cost of working the Army is shown. Thus, headquarters main- tenance expenses are set down at £2,578 9s. lOèd.; colony divisional and corps expenses, £1,981 12s.; train- ing-homes, £1,616 15s. 7d.¡ and inquiry, Samaritan and city visiting expenses, £269 13s. 3d. Stall'salaries amount to £1,566 8s. 6d, included in head- quarters expenses. These are the salient points of a necessarily some- what complicated statement, and pro- claim that the Australasian Salvation Army, if not heaping up shekels, is at least continuing in good works and paying its way. THE OPENING OK PABLIAMENT.-The firBt session of tlio Twelfth Parliament of Tas- mania will be opened to-morrow. Members of tho House of Assembly will meet ut 11.30 a.m. to appoint a Speaker, und at 3 p.m. they will again aBsemble to formally open Parliament in euch a way ua to comply with section 82 of the Electoral Ac. The Governor will not attend, nor will there be any ceremony. The programme of business is exceedingly brief, and it ia cxpeoted that se soon as tho formal mattera of routine necessary in opening the toasion are con- cluded-in two or three days at the ulmost an adjournment will be made till a later period of the year, when, His Excellency tho Governor will deliver tho cuscomary apeoob. By thiB means the necessity for holding two sessiona will be obviated. THE LINDA TRACK DEVIATION.-Mr. E. A. Marsden leavea Hobart on Wednesdoy morniog to mark out and properly doiino the intended deviation from tho present, Linda traok, ao as to avoid Mount Arrowsmith. He takes three men with him. PÜBMO WOBKS.-The following tenders have been accepted :-Road, Nnaent to Ragged Tier, contract 2, Swan & Deiiney, for.reduced work at schedule priuu to extent of £22. Road, Sorell to Nugent, oontraot 19, Swan & Donnoy, £77 r/s. Gd. Road, Seott8dale-road (Mugga' and Abel's Hills), oontraot 1, W, Edwards, for reduced work at aohedulo prices to extontof £170. Road, upper Mole Creek-road towards Black Creek, including branch road to Caveside, oontraot 1, J. Scott, £97. Road from quarry on Main-road to selections at back, oontraot 3, J. & J. I". Lyont, for reduced work at schedule prices to extent of £87. Roada, Sandfly liatsin distriot- road to selections of Mosers. Clark and othors, contract 22, M. H'lynn & Co., £100. King's Island, contract 2, road fiom Threo Rivers Croek to Porky i Creek, A. Bowling, £70 ; contract 3, road j from Currie Harbour to three Rivers Creek, W. Soott, £GG. PoBt and tolegruph office, Bellerine, erection, H. Gibbons, £053, wliioh includes £15 for extra work if required. Courthouse, Franklin, rot ling, otc., O'Dcirue and Allen, £25 13a. Gd. CuBtomB shed, Wynyard (Table Capo), erection, E. Clarke, £05 16s., which includes £3 for extra work if required. The tender for bridge over Rosa's rivulet (road, Everton to Breadal- bane railway station), gazetted 2nd inat. in the name of G. P. Murfet, is hereby corrcotcd to G. S. Murfet. For good trado Grocers ahould koop only WOOD'S AUSTRALASIAN SKW-RAIHINO Fiona. LATEST AUOUT THE PERKINS PKOOESS. Tasmanian fruitgrowers are intorestod in the procesB of steiHieod air as a substitute for ¡co in fruit shipping. Tho fiural New Yorker glvee an ocoount of the first our whioh brought to Now York a load of Goorgia poaches aa follows :-" Waa this ahipment a BUCCOBB ? Hardly. To follow thoir original plan, the oar of fiuit should havo been thoroughly cooled after being packed and sealed up. Tilia waa not done. Somo other details also were not fully car- ried out. The car was delayed somewhat in transit, but tlio peaches carne out in fairly good condition, probably not much different frrm those in refrigerator oars handled under the same conditions. The receiver of these peaohea aaid that he be- lieved that they would have come through in nearly as good condition in an ordinary ventilated car. He aaid that it waa claimed that the fruit could be left in these cara tor a number of days after arrival without harm ; but that aa soon aa it arrived he wai notified to unload it at once. It ahould have been about midnight, Friday, or very early on Saturday morning. Instead, it arrived about 7 o'clock, after the market was practically over, and it wai neceaaary to unload the fruit and pat it luto oold .forage to live it. Of course it could not be aold until Monday, and it wai then in eueh oondition that it didn't bring nearly io high pricei aa it would have done early Saturday morning. It ia claimed, however, thatsome of the fruit waa ovor ripe whoa put into the car. They comprised a'number of different varieties. The peaohes were loaded in the car in a perfect manner." UNIVEKSITÏ STUDENTS' MEETING.-Stu- dents, matriculated and not matriculated, who contemplate attending tho University lecturea, ore by advertisement invited to meet tho professors at 8 o'clock this evening, at the hall of the University, in refertcuo to the arrangement of hours for -first term lectures. DON'T SUKKEU FROM NEUHAI.OIA or Tie Douloureux because you can eatlly bo cured by taking Gould's Nouroudino, which baa ti wonderful eflectin such cates. It is only is. Gd. per bottle ; threo battles for 4H., post 'reo. Goui,u's NKUHAIXÏIO PAINT is useful whuro pain Is very severe. It acts Uko a charm who» applied locally with a camel's hair brush. Is. Esr bottle. H. T. Gould * Co., Homoeopathic hemists, 78. Elizabeth-street, Hobart. Tele- phone, Ko. 120. Retail Depot for UM aale of, '. Plann»«* ftrtrtEvMtrotwOU .. .. DEIARTORE FOR AMERICA -Among the pancunfjCra by the s r Oonah for Sydney < n .Saturday evening was the Attorney General (Sin A 1 Clark), Mrs Clark, und two sons, who are bound for Amanea on a holt day tour of some few months duration Prior to tho steamers departure u lar¿.o number of people assembled on the Argyle street p er to trish the Attorney General uud family God tpced HY ( OACU TO MOUM Li LU. -Tho initial trip of Mr Puge s couon eorvico from Macquurie Plains to Mount Lyell h is been uiecessfully completed lliu journey was favoured with fine woather and the thrco p intense» had a highly pleusunt time the urriiugumcntB m ide by Mr Pago for the comfort of his pas» risers aro exceedingly good, and as the scenery of the distriars pissed thriugh is niujottic illy boautiful thn n cans cf Touching the minorai fields is Lound to beean o popular, not only amongst thone who luvd an aversion to mai de mer, but with tho uumcrous touriste whom tint natural beauties and temperato climate of this colony tempt htthorwards COHONIAL INQUIRY - At tho Hobart General Hospital on ¡Saturday forenoon, Mr Corowr Riddoch and a jury of seven, of whom Mr N Vince was foroman held au inquiry into tho circumstances attending the sudden death of an infant male child, which occurred on the night of the 4th inst Tho jury having viewed the body, the following évidence was adduood -Marion Leader doposed that she resided in a hoUBo in Denison lane, off Macquarie Btrcet 1 he mother of deceased was lodging there when the child was bom Sho wus too ill and weak to attend the inquest, and had been so for some time On the 4th mar, at the request of the mother, witness made up a pap, consisting of moistened bread and sugar tied up in a piece of olotb, for tho olulJ Last saw it alive at 8 p m on the 4th inst tt itness then wont out, leaving the child in charge of IIB mother Returned at about 12 J5 a m on Friday Tho mother was sitting up in bed sob blug, the child being dead at her side Was informed by the mother thai she was dozing off to sleep when she felt the obild struggling, the " pap having choked it This was about 11 pm. Witness did not think a " pap waa dangerous lu teudod buying a feeding bottlo, but could n t afford it Ihn mother und child had boen well attended to The former was ootnplctoly worn out, and had nat been able to sleep Dr E L Crowther deposed that he made a ¡wit moi tem, examination of tim ohiltl It was well clothed and nourished WAS of opinion that death was duo to con vulsions, piobably oausod by deprivation of air from a foreign body in the moutli Iho mother was a pitiable objeot, being very poor and ill It was b.ghly dangerous to uso a " pap such as tho ono produced In this caso it had been used out of pure moor aucr lhere were no suspicious ciroum stances The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony, »ti aching no blame SHOOTING ACCIDENT -A youth named Albert Parker, aged IS, whilst out with a comrade practising shooting neur Mount Stuarc on Saturday, was accidentally shot, .wo pollets going through tho mueole of his arm How the mishap occurred is not ox plained His injuries wore attended to at the Hobart Gonetal Hospital Ho ATI NU ACCIDENT -Yesterday afternoon a 1 opting accident oecurred in the Derwent Richard "îmiit was returning from Bellerive in the ferry boat Little Diok, whioh was undor sail, and when oft Wise s Bluff it was struck by a squall and filled with water O May s steamer Silver Crown was crossing at the timo, and seeing the boat in c1 ¡lb cultits bore down upon it and took Smart aboard, and towed the boat to town THE RECENT DEATH AT POLICE STATION -With regard to the old woman who died suddenly at the City Police Station on Thursday last, and upon whose body an in- quest was subsequently held, the police have been making investigations as to her identity. She is now believed to be a Mrs Bishop, who came from Young Town a couple of months ago. CITY POLICE COURT -The Police Magie trato (Mr B ¡shaw), and Mr J (7 Turnor, J P , presided on Saturday Lionel Lloyd Ulina MUS charged with a breach of the railway regulations by purchasing a railway tioket which had been used for part of a jou ney He pleaded guilty, and was represented by Mr J f Clark The Km oh said tho offence was a gravo one it being tho abuse of those urivilcgcs whioh the Railway Department offered to the publia to travel, but the person who sold the ticket was the gravest eilender, and it was a pity ho oould not bo brought up A Sue of £1, and costo 7s Gd , was imposed, the Bench expressing the hope that this would act as a warning to the defendant an 1 others atoólas H Connolly was charged on romand, with criminal assault and aftor bearing the evidenr-o of Dr G Sprotr, the case was further adjourned until to morrow GIHLS IhDUSTniAL ScuooL.-lbrough the kindness of Mr Back this sohoul onjoyed a delightful day s outing on Satur day bpeoiai carriages ivero attached to the exprots train, and convoyed the girls, the macrons, and several ladies of the committee to the Plenty Here games of all kinds wore entered into with much zest by the children, while the olders of the party wandered hy the pretty stroam and visited the orchard*, etc , all assembling at fixed intervals to attack the well supplied refreshment baskets Thanks ure also duo to the stationmaater, who had a good fire ready and plenty of boiling water for tea This annual picnio is talked of and looked forward to by the children for the wholo yoar, and all agreed that this last excursion will rank as ona of the pleasantost they have ever had The weat/ier wus fine, and the Plenty is un ideal spot for suoh an euteitalumoct besides the joy to the children of a long tram ride lUOUT tlSUINO AT TUE GREAT LAKE - On friday evening His Excellency Visuouut Gormanston returned to Hobart from a trip to tho Great Lake The weather during the trip at the Lake wus very wet and rough Among the fish landed was ono caught by Mr M beal, which may be said to bo tho reoord fish caught by rod at the Great Lako The fish was a fine female, and was caught on the Is4 Hie following weight and measurements have boeu kindly suppli-d by His Excellency -Weight *\to hours aftor capture, 251b total length WJin , greatest girth, 24m length of head 8;fin , girth at tho caudal, 0¿in , depth of tail, Ujfio length of adiposa bn, ¿lia The smallest fish landed weighed 41b Mr Seal and Colonol Cox, C B , will return from the Great Lake this day week llSIIISU ll\OOIlSION TO SOUTH ARM -A very pleasant outing was afforded on Saturday afternoon last to several meiiburs of the Civil oomoo and a few of their frionds in the shape of a fishing excursion to Brown s River and ¡south Arm Iho steam launch Result, which «as chartered for tho occasion, loft O May s wharf at 2 15 for the tup with about ¿0 persons aboard, including sovoral heads of department« After visiting Brown 3 River and Opossum Bay, a substantial repast, provided on the co operative system, was partaken of under shelter of Droughty I oint, and town was ro&ohod; just after 0 oolook Considering tho fact that a strong nor' wester wus blowing nearly uti tho afternoon a very fair haul of fish was made This being the second excursion of a similar kind which has been brought to a suocesaful termination by Mr A B Howell, of the Survoy Depart ment, the three hearty cheers whioh wore aocorded him just prior to landing was a well earned tributo to his good management and attention The first excursion, whioh was up the river last Saturday fortnight, when Risdon was made a picnio ground, waa confined principally to officers'of the Department of Landa and Surveya, and then, oa on Saturday last, the utmost good feeling prevailed among thoae who took part, It must certainly be gratifying to all con- cerned that Iheao opportuuitiea abould bave been afforded for auch diaplaya of good fellowahip, towardi whioh Mr. Howell hal contributed so much by having undertaken the complete management on both ocea llons, and by the energetic and pleasant manner in whioh he baa conduoted all the arrangementr. Aak your Urooer for WOOD'S AUSTBAL AstAir Ssur-BAisiNo FLOUR. Take no other, K.INDEBOARTKN FiTK.-Ioj the Town-hail to-night will be given a repetition (with variations) of the two entertainments re- cently given by pupila of the Kindergarten school, Marray-itree', and whioh were so favourably received by crowded audience«. The programme comprises original oaliathonio exoroisea, graceful and pioturesquc dauoes, military drill, etc., and commences at 7.45 with a grand maroh of the little performers. The Hon. R. H. D. White writes: Parliament fdoute, Sydney. Mr. 'V. J. Clewcr, Chemist, M, iiliiubutli-stroei, Hobarr. DEAR Sia, Judging from results, I havo no hesita- tion in saying your Hair Restorer ii the best I havo ever aecn or heard of. After uiios it a few times my hair grew rapidly, ceased to fall out, and wa« ro. stored to ita original colour. I have recommended it to a great many frienda' dutingjthe hut three yean (Signed), R. H. D. Wari« \-- I Mr. M.J. CLARKE, M.H.A.-Mr. Matthew John Clarke, rcooutly olootod itiomber of tua House uf Assembly for Launceston, and who, 1 immediately afterwards, has boen chosen one of the ten representatives of Tasmania at the Federal Convention, was bora at Belfast, Couuty Antrim, in tho North of Ireland, and is tho son of a solicitor, a member of tho firm of Messrs. Cinrku k MoCartan. Ho received his ourlior education at ' tho Catholic Seminary, Bolfust, and wa» afterwards sent to tim Catholic college ' at Blackrock (a fushioniblo seaside subi ru 1 of, Dublin) conducted hy Fit nell priest« of ' tho Congregation of tho Holy Ghost. 1 Ho signally distinguished himself thero as » 1 student ; and nu leaving" Bluckrcok ho entero-J at the Royal Univi rsily of Ireland. 1 At tho University bo nlso distinguished ' himself, particularly in < inatheuiatioi, and ' won u medal and scholarship. Ile took his -' B.A. dogroo at Trinity Collugu, Dublin, and, ' about the same time, wus oallcd lo ! tho Irish bar. Ho practised for soma ' tuna in Dublin und Bolfust, but tho state of his health muda a chungo of elimilta 1 nccossary, and in 1889 ho oamo to Tasmania. Hu ut onco settled in LaunucBton, was admitted to the bar of this colony, and has ' over since resided in the Northern capital. 1 Mr. Clarko has boon very »uccoBiful in his ' profession, and by that means has become 1 widdy knonn in the oolony. Uissucoess ; at the Federal Conven lion Ideation is dne eq nully to his personal ability and the ' enomotio way in whioh ho conducted his 1 candidature. During the oleation campaign ¡ Mr. Clarko visited most of tho important - 1 centres of population in Tasmania, tlc ' livcring able addrofses, and creating a very '? favourable impression wherever hu went. ' LADY PASTON-1. OOI-BR, und Mr, Ivor Ferguson with the Honorablo Margaret 1 Brand, and Captain Forguson, A.D C, 2nd 3 Life GuardB, have lett Bishop's Court for ¡ Sydney, via Melbourne, in R.M.S. Orniuz. 1 INDIAN FAMINE FUND.-We have te 1 ocived £1 from "Pitrvii.." " REVIEW OV REVIEWS "-The hut nun». r bor of tho Review cf Jtevieiva is moro than L usually varied in oharucter. Thorn is an ! excellent eoleotion of caricatures of many nations us wall as of the colonies, which servo to show the views of varii.ua peoples [ and parties. Mr. Stead gives the world f somo account of tho Queen's reign, which is aftor MB well known style. Thore ure »n 1 account of duer stalking in New Zealand, ' somo particulars of tho lifo of tho late Sir ' John Thurstan, und an acoouut of the 1 Battle of Blenheim, with a portrait of ' Marlborough. Besides all this there ant | notices of Australasian and linglbh affairs, 1 notablo books, extracts fruin various 3 periodicals, besides many minor illuitrations. ' Altogether tho number ia a very good one. 1 HIBERNIAN A.C.B. SOCIETY (ST. Josicru's 1 BRANCH).-1'ho ohiof treusunr of this " sooicty, Mr*. John Whelan, P.P., who has ' boen to New South Wales on society busi 1 ness, called at Hobart on his way back to 1 Victoria, and also intends visiting Louncei , ton'to look into sooiety matters there. Ile 1 was taken yesterday afternoon in a brake J and four to enable him lo view some of ina t romantio and splendid scenery along the ' Hnon-road as far as Watchorn'* 9 Hill. He was accompanied by Mr. " M. J. I'lynn, President of tho hranoh, and 1 P.P. J. O'Brien. P.P. R. O'Brien, V.P. Johnson, P.P. Whelan, P.P. F. Keating, 1 Broi. HugheB and O'Doglierty, and the ' Branch Secretary (Bro. John Hoare). The 8 numerous places of interest wore pointed u out to the visitor, and although the 9 wonther was inclement Bro. Whelan was ' very pleased with our grand scenery and * tho magnificent drivo of tho Huon ' road, and expressed his pl< asure ut being along with his Hiborniun brothers in Hobart. The Chief Tieasurer also paid , a visit .to tho Right Rev. Dr. Delany at the palaco on Saturday afternoon, and bad a 1 vory long conversation ubout society matters " in whioh Bis Lordship takes great intense, 3 and it waa pointod out that P. P. Whelan, who r was ono of the pioneer membors in Victoria, ' where the society is in such a flourishing 9 position, had the approval of this executivo in visiting and inqulriug into the woiking of tho branches in Tasmanii ' HÍB Lordship expressed the pleaeuro he had in meeting tbe Chief Treasurer of 3 sHoh a grand sooiety, as from the reports he >' had reccivod from timo to timo the Hibernian ' Society was carrying on a grand and noble 1 work, by enoouragiug u spirit of thrift and 0 inda pondenoe amongst its members, and in 1 making provision for thoee casualties to 1 whioh all uro Hablo, and for times of sick ? ness and death, as well as encouraging and 1 fostering uttonlion to the spiritual wants ot ' the members und tlioeo dependent on them. Bro. J. Wl elan leaves Hobart on Tuesday, * and proceeds northwards, und ufter meeting * the officers of tho St. Patrick's branch there 1 will hand ina report on his visit to'iut ' mania to his colleagues at Melbourne. r SALVATION ARMY HARVEST FESTIVAL. 9 In oonneotion with tho three-day harvest ? festival being hold by thu Salvation Army j a limelight entertainment, entitled " Hur ' vest Field Gloancrs," will be given in tho ' Temperance-hall to-uight. The festival will 9 bo continued to- morrow, and thoro will be » 9 boat excursion to Brown's Uiver on Wednea 9 day. 3 ANTONIO'S CIRCUS. - Antonio's oircas, > Macquario-stroct, was so crowded at a ' malinie performance given on Saturday ' ufternuou that the temporary sitting aooom ' modation provided guvo way. This is a ' now ixpcrienoe in "show" management; 3 ordinarily, " money is turned away," but ' when tho seats give way benouth tho strain J of patronago the publio appreciation is mora j palpable. In tho evening thora was anotiier 1 largo uudienco. The show is, undoubtedly, 1 a good one. Birds and dogs aro shown in .> ' wonderful stato of "education." A "talk 1 iog horse " was lately exhibited on the 9 mainland, but a emull dog, who has the year's calendar at his fingers'-or claws' " ends, shows him to huvo boon a poor, ' ignorant creature. The circus is to remain. 1 open this week. ! ELOCUTIONARY RECITAL. - Mr. Alfred ' Foster Watchorn, of Sydney, an elccutiouirt 3 whoso succors at Austialian elooutionary 1 competitions has been most marked, gives sv 1 recitul of humorous, tragic, and pathetic > ¡terna in the Mechanics'-hall to-morrow even > ing ut 8. Musical selections interspersed. ' UNCLAIMED TELEGRAM.-A message ad ' dressed F. G, Amuberg, Hadley's Hotel, i awaits a olaimant at tho Telegraph Office. WOOD'S AUSTRALASIAN SELF-RAISING) ? FLOUR. Made only from the Finest Paru 1 of Wheat. Seid everywhere 1 MAORIS AT THE QUEEN S JUSILKE.- Tho ' Wellington correspondent of tho Otago Daily Times says :-" Tho suggestion thai » Maori oontingent should ho sent to London 1 with tho Premier ut tho cost of the colony is 1 receiving a good deal of attention from Maori experts. The question arises should ' it bo a " quota of Maori warriors " in in 1 efTaccublo tattoo, or should it bo a group 1 representing tho culture to which the Nativa/ mind and manners havo attained i during Her Majesty's reign. Tho latter suggestion has "caught on" with many of ' those who know the Maoris bust. The days 1 of the savago Hangi ire long past, There uro now NativoB who would compare 1 favourably with many Fnglishmen of high ' education und oultuir. Tho names of suma 1 of those huvo become known to Her Majesty. Take Hono Hoke, for instance, or the young 1 Maori who recently passed the M.A. exami 1 nation of tho New Zealand University and. obtained at tho samo timo tho LL.B. degree. These two men aro the earliest product of Te Auto College, established by the great Bishop Selwyn, whom Her Majesty delighted to honour. Both their names are histonoal ; they aro in every way fit to be presented to Her Majesty, aad thero ia no doubt whatever that Har Majesty would feet a particular interests in then). They are r&ngatiras; in the truist sense of the word. Suppose Her Majesty were to say ' Rise, Sir Hone Heke,' would not the honour redound to the credit of the Maori raoe? I am not reproducing any fancies or phantasies of my own. These ara words whioh I have heard from genuino friend! of the Maoris. Then they say ' Kemp' wears a sword presented to bim by Her Majesty, and it is affirmed that it Kemp were allowed in the prescnoe to lay the sword at Her Majesty's feet as a renewal of the profession of loyalty on the part of the nativa people the oeremony would bave a special interest for such an occasion. Again, I ha; e heard ihB name of Te Heit fieu meetloced. This native is a rangatiio of raDgatnui in rank and estimation among the native ohiefs. In those remarks I simply reproduce the opinions of native exports and others, who say that something more than mero show or display could be got out of such an occasion. Tho ooluny would obtain the oredit it deserves for the honourable and just management of a high-spirited aboriginal people no as to bring them into line with tie instincts and cuitar« of tho highest develop- ments of civilisation." rïooB'i AUSTRALASIAN SHUT-RAISINO FLOUR Tho boat. All Respectable Grocers. MESSRS. G. P. FITZGERALD & Co., tbe wholoualo warehousemen of Colüns-streur, invite the public to visit their Autumn b>how this weok, as they havo, in addition to thoir season's shipments hy the various P. li V. and Orient steamers to dato, tbo largest singlo shipment ever landed in Hobart front the splendid stoamer, the Gothic. As fast a« possible this enormous shipment is being opened up, and each day this week will te* startling novelties in every department io tb* great Collins-street warehouse. . _ _., ._,,, 