ASTOUNDING L0C0M0T0R ATAXIA CURE. * DOCTORS PRONOUNCED CASE HOPELESS. HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL »ratt THE WORLD OVER, . A PROMINENT SYDNEY WLLjL BEARS TESTIMONY. (From the Australian Workman.) Uur representative mado bis way to tne home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 4t-, Crown- lane, Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is one of the best-known residents of that thickly Donulated suburb. lie was discovered nursing a baby, and h;s face declared him to be ono of the happioit nieu iu Syduoy. In reply to the preliminary questions, ho said— 'You want to know all about tuy easel' Well, 1 am plaJ of an opportunitv to tell you. The facts may bo of value to tiioso who &ro; stricken as 1 was.'1 ' How long wwe you sufforingV' ' About five and half years' ugo I met with an accident : 1 was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-strci-t, Sydney. From tho date of tlu- accideut my health began to fail, and after four yeats of gradual develop incut of Locmuolor Atr.^ix 1 was forced to give up my billet at the uk-lx- l.-tand.' ?' What wore the (-.?inptotn*':'1 'Sin-ply indu-cribable. Tho pains wero so tno tli ing terrible. The; were for all tho world liko as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no coutrol over uiy bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance toinyaclf and every one else. 1 was incc.=. sandy shivering and shaking, and could neither cut nor sloop. I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case waa utterly hopeless. '1 came homo and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well evor since. A few weeks ago I rould not walk across the lUmr ; in fact, 1 could not gut out of bed. 1 felc then that it was all over with me, and only £ question of days' when I would givo up th-? ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could by opium and morphia pills U uasc tho agony I wan in. I wm under him for tivo or six weeks. He camo to the con clusion that I waa suffering from Locotuotor Ataxia, or Progressivo Locomotor Ataxy, » disease of the ipinu! cord, characterized by peculiar disturbances of {-ait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told ino that 1 might last for ten years, aud that 1 might never get the use of my leg*, (.lust then tho patient kicked bin leg; about with energy, to fchow that medical opinion is no: infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I gratped at an ?dca conveyed by the advertisement d-*scribiDg the. cure «-ti(M-ted iu the cast* of another bailer maker iu Kiii-land, which I read in the Aw trttUiin H'nrkt.Kt n, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. 1 read in tbo adverti.-cnicns of a case which seemod to fit my own. I determined to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial auy way, and sent for a box. The elfcct was magical. I was ablo to eat and sleep ns though tiothiD-- was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. 1 ioinie diutcly left the bed and wa- ablo to movn about. When tukinjr the fifth box I wm ablo to walk about with the aid of a tttick, and was gradually but surely recovering uiy former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there? Thoy aro 'perfectly now, and I li&vo; never med 'them. Thoy were made for mo before 1 got the Pills, but I was t«-o weak to use them, and now I don't want them.' Mrs. ,1 art-it, who had cor.ie in and taken the hal-y on her knees, said' Dr. Williams' rink Pills saved hi« life and made another man of him. A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a short time buck. '* I can now.'' continued Jarvi'. 'bavo a cold bath, and all the feeling has couic bkek in my lirga. I e\|M-ct shortly to rcsumo work as a i-oilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of hcaltli au-l strength to worl: at that trade. I am Ix.-tter to-day than I have been at any time during the post five years. I ascribe alf tho change and benefit to those Pink Pills. They h.t vo saved my lif*. 1 am in no pain now whatever, and fool like a nuv.* man. Uu the uiuntolpiore tbero is a l-o-: of Opium and Morphia Pills which tho doctor gavo mo to deaden tho excruciating pain. But thoy can s-tay where they ar-\ ior I no longer need them. Everybody who known mo has been auio/.ed at thu cliango in ni». Th» ?-* can hardly believe their eyoi. My being about again has cauM-d quite a sensation out here' WHAT MR. LAKOWR-LKAbKll Mi-GOWEN KNOWS. Mr. J. S. T. McGoweu. M.P.. Lv-wW of tlm Labour Party in tho N.S.W. AKsemMy. wai also seen in connection with iho remarkubl*: case of Mr. Thomas Jarvis. Ho t-aya lie lias known Jarvis irotn infaucy. He also kw-w that he bad to give up his work at 1 1 It-bo 1 bland abattoirs owing to a malady which he developed. Ho afterwards brard thai .lurvu was bedridden, and that then* v.xi littln chance of his recovery. He understoo-1 .larva was refused adruksion to tho .Sydney Ho-.pit.ui, as his cav* had been pronounced iiic'ir»b;-. Mr. McGuwen was, therefore, lik-- every ouo else who knew the fatt-«. astounded at thu complete recovery of Jarvi«. , Dr. Williams' 'Pink Pills for Palo People* do not stop short at the cure of locoiuotor ataxia; they positively cure rix.-iiTuati.-ui, iciatica, lumbago, and neuralgia, and influenza *8 evil after-effect*, and are a speciiio [or all dides!-t*a of women, tuch as an-rtnia, poor and watery blood, female irregularities, nervous headache, and hysteria. They aro not a purgative medicino, but brace up and permanently strengthen thu whole tystem. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills an ohtuinalilo from all leading chemist?, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's- tilace, Sydney, who will forward fpo*t paid), on receipt of stamps or poit order, I box for l!s. Sd., or half- dozen for los. .'VJ. Floating inlands arc not so rare as may be crenel-ally auppo««d— it is largely a matter of loca'tt**. and the one sighted threo times iu 1892 in tho North Atlantic Ocean was not only aa unusual occurrence, but aLto of peculiar scientific interest. On the three instances the island was osen it was moving towards the Azores at tho rato of about a milo sn hour. Its extent was nearly 800 ft. each way. and it contained much forest growth. maay of the trees bains 30 ft. high. b **'? 