:. *¡.\\- "...,. ~. /.Gossip. .-. .. . ... i...... ;': ,\: tBy, "Espigador.") *: ..? Mrs,, Shelley's "Frankenstein" has been includ ed in-a series of popular* reprints by. Messrs, Bliss, Sands, and Company. The story whieii thrilled so many readers when the century waa not yet out of its teens is seldom perused now; but, *at all events, its title ie sufficiently familiar, albeit nine persons out of every ten-would seem to have a notion with respect to the hero which is the exact'reverse of the correct one. No mistake is Indeed more com mon-if one may judge from the frequency with which it is repeated in print- than that of suppos ing that Frankenstein instead of being the creator of the monster, was the monster himself. In the morbidly imaginative way there are few things per haps more impressive than the idea of the man be; ing continually pursued by the creature which he has endowed with a-hideous existence, and of which he is ultimately to become, the victim. The story was written in accordance with- an agree ment to which the other two parties were Percy. -Bysshe Shelley andXord Byron, while they were all three living in the same house near One of the Swiss lakes. The reading of a book of German romances of the supernatural suggested the notion" that Shelley, Mrs. Shelley, and Byron should each ] write a ghost story. Mrs. Shelley was the only one of the three that, carried out the agreement, and accordingly produced "Frankenstein." Byron, began a story, but made little progress with it. I What 'he left of it is included among his prose j writings under, the title of "The Vampire, a Fragment." It is a pity he did not finish it, if only to show what he would do when handling an imaginative theme in.prose, a theme, too, which would have so well suited a certain bent of his genius. "The Vampire" superstition would Indeed appear to have been one the weird and gruesome character of which strangely appealed to his sense of the mysterious. For ' example, there is that striking reference to it which he has introduced . in "The Giaour," where the devout Moslem pro nounces an eternal malediction on the slayer of Hassan: Yet thou false.Infidel shall writhe 'f Beneath avenging Monklr's scythe; But first on earth-as Vampire sent, Thy corpse shall from its tomb.be rent; . And' ghastly haunt thy nátive: place ' To suck the blood of all thy race. Prof essor, Carl Mendelssohn Bartho-ldy, the eldest son of the composer, died lately at Brugg, in Switzerland, where he was staying for the, benefit of hkr health. He was 59 years of age. There are frequent references to hirri in Mendelssohn's cor respondence. A version of Mr.-Hardy's novel; "Tess of .the D'Ubervilles," which was recently published on the ... New .York stage, and for copyright purposes simul taneously on that of London, is said to be pre ferred by the novelist to a dramatisation of his own story, for which he himself is responsible. It is announced that the Delegates of the Claren don Press are to publish at short intervals a series of five books on musical history. 