TALES AND SKETCHES. rcm.iBiiEU nv SFEOIAL AMIASGEMENT. NEITHER WIDOW" NOE WIPE, BY M. 1!. O. MALEN, Author of " A Daughter of tho Philistines," "For Her Sake," "Only a Heathen," "TIIB| Stolen »Viii," " Two Countesses," " The | Shadow Hand," " Ksther," "lïreville's \Vife,e &c;, &c.; [OOI'YBIGUT.] CHAINER XIII.-At THE FOUR CKOSS ROADS. Mi . Uruüuluw tipriing U his feiit, and handed Luis a chair, i» Lu which ul ie atv k, breathing hcuvily. *' I walkc<t so fast/' nile explaiucd, when she could np'-tilt. "I waa afraid of being too late to see you to-night.'' " 1 do not leave my o Iii oe until half-past nix, and occasionally s ven o'clock," Mr. Greenlow b&id;, and in any case I would have rem .inid to sec you if you hud made uu uppuiutirctit with nw1, Mrs. Dene." She murmured Borne thing about a sudden thought, nat hit vi had time to write, &c;, and then, with évident utfurt, ox plained thc reason of her visit. " I waot," she«aid, "seven huiidrcJ pouude at once. Cnn you inauago this fur mc ? I have brought some jewels with me aa security, which aie north, al least, treble that amouut, sud as you Know, I am well able to pay tbe interest. 11 Undoubtedly," lie said, much interested, and extremely curious, as lauyeraareall wont to be. " (lu: I am surprised that Mr. Duncombe did, not mention this matter to me. He lins ust beeD here." " I have not mentioned thia to my father. It don not concern lim any way," she answered, colouring a little. "Indeed, I must UBS. you to consider my visit to-day as a purely confidential one. Ueiug u Hurried woman I have a perfect right to act for my- self. Thc only pcixoii to whom I could bc ' responsible now is roy husband, and if he is aliV'i aud demands an explanatiou from me, I Bhall tell him the truth, of course." She said ÜIÍB with a little air of dignity that became her immensely, and Mr. tireenlow began to respect us much as bc had always admired her. "And now, can you let mo have the money ?" she concluded abruptly " Vou do not nieau to-night, of course?" " No ; I could not expect mat, but as soon as possible. " " Tho day after to-morrow would do, I n resume Î" " Ves, that would do," "Theo I will draw up a bond to-morrow for you to Big,, aud t should propose thal you give a charge on your jointure as security for the debt, and take back your jewels, which might bc missed. You will pay five per cent for th..' accommodation until euch time as you are ready to liquidate the debt, le this arrangement agrccabfe to you ?" "Quite," she said. "I know so lilt!« about business, naturally I was not aware that I had any eecurity to give you beside! these jewels, tn case of my doath before thc debt is paid you eau claim them." "That will be all right," replied Mr. Greenlow, who meant to take very good care to secure himself against possible losa. " Directly the proofs of Mr. Dene's death are forthcoming you have a quarter of a million of money to do what you line with, remember.' "A quarter of a million," she repeated, thoughtfully, "that seems a great deal." "It is a good deal," he said, "only that spending money is an accomplishment people easily acquire ;'' and he thought of the seven hundred pounds which seemed to him a very fair beginning. " I suppose they do. Indeed it is easy to get oneself into a habit of any kind. But I am keeping you, Mr. Greenlow," she hastened to add. " Would you really rather I did not leave the jewels ?" " I see oo need to do so, Mrs. Dene, and I should prefer not to have the responsibility. At what time may I have the pleasure of seeing you on Friday V " At the «ame time as to-day, if that suits you," she answered promptly. "Thank you. Allow me to open the door, and conduct you to your carriage." "1 have no carriage here," she said. "I came on foot." " I should hardly advise you to return on foot with a casket full of valuable jewels with you," he answered. "It is twilight now. It will be quite dark before you reach home. Let me send for a cab." "No, thank you, I prefer to walk," she returned, with great decision. " I am not in the least afraid ; and no one will know about thc jewels." " Possibly, but if you met any rough fellow on thc road, he might try to pick your pocket and come upon them in that way. " " I should not care very much if he did," she Baid. "I ehould just let them go, and trouble no more about them." " I am afraid you will not be able to do that, Mrs. Dene. Thc man would naturally try to sell the jewels, and would be taken up, when they would be traced to you. You would have to appear in Court under those circumstances, and might find it annoying to have to answer some of the questions put to you." He saw Bhc looked starllcd, but neverthe- less she stood firm. "One hardly ever hears of a robbery in this neighbourhood," she reminded kim, "and I Bhall run a good part of the way. Thank you for warning me, but I don't really sec anything to fear." " The fact is, young lady, you want to slip quietly back indoors, without anyone knowing you have been out at all," the lawyer thought , to himself ; and he said no more about a I cab. But he was a good deal surprised, and began to understand that Lois had a motive for her present conduct, which was strong enough to overrule all ordinary considerations. She who would have trembled at a shadow in an ordinary way was us hold as a lion this evening. What could have happened, he wondered, to transform ber so completely. She began to interest him immensely, and rouse MB curio=ity besides. He had a great many people's secrets in those tin boxes ranged in shelves round bis office, hut they did not satisfy him. Hu wanted that girl's. She had expressed no sorrow at her husband's fate She had ap- peared more exeited and harassed than grief stricken, nud living in her father's house, having no immediate necessity for mouey-so far us he could see-she had demanded Bevon hundred pounds al once. " I really must find out why," Mr. Green low said to himself, as he wutched thu graceful figure hurrying dnwn the street, noticing that people turned to look at her as she passed them, althoueh she was closely veiled. " It will serve her right for being so sly." I Meanwhile, happily ignorant of his inten- tions, Lois sped on through the half-lighted streets, shrinking at the at tent iou she excited, and thankful when shu, at last, reached a lesa frequented part of thc town. Bilborough was rather over threo miles from Graydon, and thc big clock over the Town Hall boomed the half-hour as she went past. .She had to be at home by half-past seven for dinner, and would need a few minutes quiet before shu encounlemil Ibu scrutinising eyes of Mr. Duncombe. So there was no time to bc loBt, and as soon ns she was out of the town she set off running. But she found presently that this did not advuuee her much, as bhe had to pause for breath every minute or two, and she sel tied Into a steady, even pace at last. She had a bluck shawl over her shoulders, which ehe had worn to conceal thc casket and also her figure, and now that lt was getting dark she excited no attention, alie was glad to find. Most of the people sho met were tired workmen hurrying home to their supper, and now and then a cart oame along the road, and onoo a carriage. But these became scarcer as she left Bilborough bchiud her. IAnd she had oven the footpath to herself, after a while. Lois liad ucver been oat alone at this timo of night before in all her life, and every shadow startled her, whilst a step in the distance «et all her pulses quivering, alie wished now she had followed Mr Greenlow's advice and taken a cab, os she could easily have got out before reselling the village. Hut, nf course, these regrets were useless now, and when thc shadow turned out to bc the bongil of a tree wuving in the wind, and the step sheered off in another direction, or diet) away, she was very glad she had stood firm, for she did not want anyone to know nf her visit tn Bilborough, except Mr. Greenlow. For hall-a-milo the road was quite deserted, and Lois's courage began to revive. But within a mile of Graydon "there was a very lonely part of the wood on one Bide and a moor on l lie ot lier, ending in four cross road», with a big white way-post on a strip of green in thc middle. As thc grave of suicides, ouce upon a time this spot had au unsavouiy reputation in thc ueighbourhuod, and lite Btoutest-hearted man in Graydon parish avoidrd it, if he could. Thu ghost of thc la«t suicide who had been buried there, a poor betrayed girl, was sup- posed to hauot the place, and though Lois had never believed the story before, it seemed probable enough now, a>ud her heart began lo beat very fast. She quickened her pace, and kept her eyes on the ground, not afraid of seeing s mething perhaps, BO much SB of fancying she saw some- thing, which she should uot have th . courage to investigate, and which therefore would «tami with her for a ghost us long as she lived, although easily explained in reality. But she had to look up when she came to the cross-roads, for fear ehe should take the wrong one, and then her heart, which had been beating bo furiously for the last few minutes, seemed to stuud «-lill suddenly, and a cold sweat broke out on her face. Fora tall figure waH leaning ugaiust thc waypost, it« ghastly, discoloured face turned her way, and in spite of thc awful change, the deathly immovability, she recognised her husband, Not as he hud been in life, but as he might have been after he had been dcud several days, and decay had j um begun. The eyes had deep black shadows round them, and were sunk in their orbits; tlip jaw had d-opped a little ; nothing seemed alive about him, although the dim eyes appeared to wa' ch her as she stood, ro ital to the ground and breathless from fear, in thc middle of the road. So fir thc figure hud col stirred ; put pre- sently it drew its net, clinging cloths shout it, and advanced a step, with its arms out | stretched. She thought she heard him say : "Come with me, my wife, you aro mine j even in death." And then a great coldness and shuddering fell upon her, aud she remem- bered no inure. CHAPTER XIV.-FODKD DROWNED. Lois did not know bow long she had been insenaiblo when she came to herself and staggered weakly to her feet, with the help of tlie way-post, beside which she was lying. The sight of (his helped her to recall what had happened, and brought back so forcibly the horror ?" f the past scene ; it seemed to give her factitious strength, and enable her to move nway. She dragged herself along some- how she would never kn:>w how-for about a quarter of a mile, to where there was a block of email cottages belonging to a farmhouse, and close to these she sat down to recover herself, laping her face and hands in the little stream which trickled gaily under thc bridge where she sat. Theo she drank some water out of the hollow of her hands, and in ten minutes' time was so much better.she was able to walk without effort. It had been & comfort all this while to see the lights in the cottage windows, and hear the merry laugh- ing of the little children over their play, and these sinus of wholesome, natural life helped to restore her certainly to a more healthy frame of mind. She began to reason and argue over what she had seen, and finished by persuading her- self for the nonce that she had been the victim of an illusion, or possibly some combination of light and shadow, and that had ehe walked boldly up to the ghost, it would have vanished in a very unsuperuatural way. It was also a good sign that a cuckoo clock inside, striking seven, drove everything out of her mind, except that she should be late for dinner, and all sort« of questions would be asked which she would find difficult to answer ; unless she told a lie, which she re- solved not to do. If the worst came to the worst she would have to remind her father that she was her own mistress now, and must have perfect liberty of action unless she was tn seek another home : but she was spared this ordeal. As she stole through the garden she saw no one ; but on the stairs, as she was rushing np to dress, she met Willie, and questioned bim at once. "Father put off dinner until eight," be said; " didn't you know Î" Lois shook her head. She felt as if Fate bad befriended her for once. " But, I say, you'd better look sharp," added Willie. "It's nearly a quarter to, and you have not got any of your toggery on yet." " You forget my deep mourning, Willie." " I beg your pardon," he answered colour- ing, and went on, for fear he should put his foot into it again. Mr. Duncombe did not return until nine, and dinuer waited all this while, but Mrs. Duncombe sent Kitty with a glasB of wine and a biscuit for Lois, for both of which she was thankful, as she still felt shaken and giddy. Directly Mr. Duncombe returned the diuner was served up, and he sat down as he was, without giving any explanation of bis absence. Everyone seemed silent and abstracted, and Lois was glad not to be called upon to talk, not feeling in the mood. But she was both surprised and startled when Mr. Duncombe said, as she was leaving the room after desert : " Will you come to me io the library in ten minutes' time, Lois 7 Yonr mother will accompany you. lam eure." This ÍB what Mrs. Duncombe had intended, but abc was pleased that her husband should have proposed it, because i¡ showed more con- sideration for thegirl'sfeelings than he had uver shown before, ('crimps Lois divined what WHR comirg, ullhouuli she said Doming, for Bhe leant htv.vilyoii Mrs. Duncuinbe's erm as they went into thc library, and her breathing was rather hurried. f Mr. Duncombe greeted them gravely, and placed chatte for diem both. Then, without any uniiecetnary preamble, he addressed LOÍB only. " You may perhaps have guessed why Inspector Argles fetched me this evening?" " I did not know he had fetched you, nana." " You were out walking, I believe, at the time, but I fancied you would have heard of thc fact on your return." "You told us not to mention it," hie wife reminded him. " Yes, I did, but those things leak out somehow, as a rule. Anyhow, I am glad you did uut have the worry of anticipation, Lois. You have had quito enough to bear already without that." She bowed her head as if in acquiescence, but she didn't speak, sud, after glancing at her, he went on, slowly. " A body had beeu found at Hurstwell Point, six miles farther down the coast, and as it answered your husband's description, tiley wanted me to go and identify it, if I ci.uld." Still Lois did not speak, but her face was even whiter than before, and lier beauliful mouth was contracted into a straight rigid line, tlc waited for a few seconds, hoping alie would question him, and so make bis task ranier, bul when he found she did liol, he went on, with visible effort : " I am afraid lhere is no doubt that it is your husband. Thc face is a good deal chanced and disfigured-" Lois gave a little cry of borrer. She thought of thc face she had seen at the four cross roads. " I bog your pardoo if I distrust you too much," he went on gently enough, " bnt I am afraid you ought to near all thia, just to know how you stand. I have no moral doubt that it is Clement Dene, and have said so ; bat I cannot absolutely swear to it, because of the changa-" Tho look of intense distress in her eyes made him break off again, and try to mend bis sentence a little. " It would naturally be a little difficult," he continued ; " but I firmly believe you to be a widow, Lois, and 1 think the law will re- cognise you AS Buch, after a cer.aiu time, evou if it iloes not do so at once." She did speak then, reluctantly. " But if you arc not quite sure, I have no right to take thc tone that I am not Btill married." " It is a very painful and difficult position. There was nothing in the pockets of the dead man to prove his identity, but he WUB of the sume height as your husband, had brown hair and moustache like him, and the features, so far aa one could tell, resembled his. Be bad also one tooth missing in the upper jaw, SB the other had. And altogether there are so many strong points of resemblance between thc two, 1 hate uo hesitation lu doiug every- thing bur swear it was he. Under ordinary circumstances I should venture lo go so far, but where so much is involved, ono cannot bc too cartful, and, therefore, I have declined to take an oath. Still I wish you to quite understand that I have so little doubt, I consider it your duty lo put on weeds, and give thc body such burial as would befit a ?nan of wealth and position like Clement Dene ' " Very well," she answered. " But you will uitend to all this for me, pupa?" " Certainly, my dear. The first thing is to have thc body taken to the Place. I ought to ask >ou if you would wish to see it?" "Oh, no, no, nu!" she cried out, wildly, whilst she began to tremble iu every limb. " Tilt re can be no need, for you kuew him aB well as I did. Besides, I-I have seen him 1" she burst out Involuntarily. They both turned and looked at her anxiously. Her manner was so peculiar they feand that all Bhe had gone through had affected her head. Luis would fain have recalled her words when she saw the effect they had created, but AS it was impossible to cxpain ber statement away, it seemed wiser lo justify it l'y telling the eivart truth con- cerning the apparition at the way-post. .^hc entirely believed it now herself. The wet, ciiugine garments, the dim sunken eyes, the ghastly, discoloured face, all pointed to death by drowning and confirmed her first impression that it was her husband's spirit elie had seen ; and, moreover, his appearance at the particular spot was a proof thal he had luken his own life, and should be buried in a suicide's grave. She di I out expect other people to see the matter in this light, but it was a great comfort to her to be able to believe in Captain Crawford's innocence. Tho convic- tion of his guilt has been her worst trouble, after all. Mr. Duncombe looked profoundly incredu- lous as to Lois's story, being convinced, he said, that the dead were not allowed to pass, even in spirit, the great gulf fixed between their world and oura, " Your imagination has been unduly excited of late," he said, "and yournerves weakened. Your mind was, therefore, prepared to receive any weird or uncanny impressions. If yon had walked np to the ligure boldly, yon would have found it to be the shadow of the post and nothing more." "Hut a shadow cannot speak." "No, but when one ÍBÍO certain state of exal- tation and mental excitement, ene can imagine anything. I believe that moBt of the mircales can bc accounted for in this way, for, os a rule, those who tell us of them do not mean to deceive. Nervous people are particu- larly subject to these hallucinations, and you have gone through a good deal of late," he concluded soothingly. "I am afraid I don't agree with you," she Baid, with a decision of manuer that surprised him. " And in that case it is better uot to discuss the subject any longer." She rose, and was leaving the room when Mr. Duncombe stopped ber. "I may understand thal I have 'carte blanche' to make the arrangements I consider desirable for the funeral. Lois ?" he said. It was wonderful to hear him ask permission and show that he was beginning to recognise Lois's new position, Mrs. Duncombe thought. It was also wonderful to see Lois's dignified acceptance of her new responsibilities. She had been a mere nonentity up to her wedding day, but her mother saw that all this was past. She had suffered too much from her weakness, not to make an effort to conquer it. "I leave it all to you," she said, "but I wish I were absolutely sure. Couldn't yon let the servante at the Place sec the body before it is taken home?" "A very good suggestion," he replied. "I'll send Willie round there at once, and tell the butler and housekeeper to meet me at the coast-guard station to- morrow morning at ten o'clock. If they are satisfied of their master's identity there can be no further ques'ion aboutit." " None whatever, surely," she answered in a tired, faint voice, and finding Mr. Dun- combe had no more to say to her, she went out (JIMITEB. XV.-LYING IK STATS. Mr. Duncombe was the first to arrive at thc coastguard station thc next morning ; hut five minutes later the Place dog-cart drove up, and Henson, the burler, carefully handed Mrs. Gregory down. The coast-guardsman's young wife had pitifully covered the poor remains with a sheet. She had also laid a little bouquet of flowers from her garden on the cold breast. And as she lifted the sheet gently there were tears in her pretty blue eyes. "So young be was to die; and on bis wedding-day, too," she murmured, for she bad never doubted thst it was Clement Dene. " Don't you recognise him, Mrs. Gregory ?" But Mrs. Gregory had turned away. She recovered herself presently, and looked again, and then positively declared that it was her master lying there, whilst the butler corro- borated her wordB. "The features are swollen, and there is a terrible change, sir," B-nsou continued, turning to Mr. Duncombe, "but lhere can be no doubt, ell thc same I'd swear lo my master anywhere, and I'd also swear to the coat. If you look inside you will ree ' Pear- son, Bond-street,' his tailor's name aud address, on the hack of the collar. " They looked at once, and found this to be correct, aud Mr. Duncombe turned then to Inspector Argles, who was present, and asked if any further evidence of Mr. Dene's identity could be required, "No, sir," answered the Inspector promptly. " To my mild it WSB pretty clear from the first." " I have never had i minute's doubt myself," continued Mr. Duncombe. " But if Mrs. Gregory, who has kuown him since he was a boy, is satisfied, I think the question is settled, " " I think so, too, sir," replied Inspector Argles, and then the coast-guard's wife covered the disfigured face again with the Bheet, and replaced the bouquet reverently, and they all went out. For the rest of his life the smell of mig- nonette would bring up vividly before Mr. buncombe's mental eyes that forlorn figure with its ghastly face, and cunning derisive expression, aud make him shudder, although ho prided himself on his nerve. He nae glad to get into the outer air, and take into his lungs a great mouthful of the fresh sea-wind, and let it blow away not only tho smell of the . :ignonette, bul a good many unwholesome fancies which had been crowd ing into his mind. It was necessary that ho Bbould go ot once into llilboroigh to see about the funeral, and Benson suggested that he Bhould drive him there, and lot Mrs. Gregory walk home. I This seemed so much the best arrangement, M r. Duncombe acquiesced in it at once, and by that afternoon a shell had been brought to the coast-guard station, and the body taken to tho Place. Mr. Duncombe had a horror of vulgar I ostentation, bathe iras a man of magnificent ideas, and enjoyed spending money. His limited means gave bim very liit'e scope for his genius in this fine, bot new, with a large for- tune-of someone else's-to draw upon, he was quite iu his element Tbc funeral waa t i bea very imposing fonction, and the whole neighbourhood had boen invited to follow! A grand luncheon was to be given afterwards, at which the will was to bo read, and il may be presumed that Mr. Greenlow was not quite saliffied that his client was dead, for he had agreed to bc present, and also to bring the required document willi bim. Meanwhile thc body lay in ile coffin in the big , iuiog room at the Place, covered with a pall, and surrounded by wreaths and crosses of the most exouisite flowers. Tue little bouquet of roses anil mignonette, Which the coast-guard's wife had placed an his breast out of womanly pity, lay lhere still, but in sealed darkness, for the coffin had been closed as soon as it waa brought, of course, lt would have looked very poor and mean beside the others, but it is doubtful if any of them had felt moro real sorrow for thc dead man thau she had, except Mrs. Gregory, who bad nursed him as a child. To tho rcBt of thc servants lie was an awful presence, filliug the place with gloom. They double-locked him into thc library, but still he seemed to haunt the lone, silent corridors, and croi-p about the etuirB in the dead of the night, and pervade not only the house and gardi'D. but even thc lanes, BO that the uia'da were H frai d to go oat and incut their sw eut-1 hearts-«. thing which hud never happened before. Once they heard a uob'ing md wuil ing in the little blue boudoir (which Clemen I ] hud so charmingly furnished for his bride), as they hurried tremuling pis*, and the sound 1 of a thad o wy hand muk i ni: vague-mufiic on thc piano followed them faintly up thc stairs, hut uo one dared look in, of course, " Really, girle, you ought to bc ashamed of yourselves," Mrs. Gregory told them some- times. **Itia the living who harm us, not the dead." átill they noticed that she seemed to prefer the servants' hall to her own*Bitiing room in the evening, unless thu huller were at home, to keep her company, aud was never tc\ere uprtB them afterdark. Lois went once with ber mother to the Place, to lake a cross, and seemed sad enough; even to satisfy Mrs. G.egury, who wat.'lied her with jealous cy»*B. She looked very young and fair in her widow's weeds, every one. agreed, in spite of her extreme pallor. Hut then LOÍB features weie hu regular she did not seem to need colouring; and the severe head- gear suit*-d them specially. She asked Mrs, Duncombe to leave her alone for a minute after »de had laid down her cross, and she knelt beside the coffin, and prayed very earnestly. "If you can hear me, Clement," ehe whispered, "fo.give me. I would not help your murderer, God be my witness, but, believing as Ido that \ou tonk your own life, and an innocent man will suffer for your sin, I am not wronging you or < urdening my con1 Bcience hy bel| ing the other to pruve his innocence. And forgive me," she added, more fervently still, " if I mad« your life a burden too terrible to be borne. It was nut my fault that I could not love you. All my heart had gone out of me into other keeping, at I told you, and yet yon had no pity ou my weakness. But I do not mean to reproach you, now that you cannot answer me one word. Not that I pity you, because you are lying there so silent, seeing, and perhaps hearing, nothing-the awful thing for Borne of ns is to be alive, I could envy you, whom everyone is pitying. I should be thankful indeed if I were blind, and deaf, und dumb to all earthly S'ghts and sounds. Kv ry night when I go to Bleep I pray that I may never wake again, but the sun shines into my eyes and they open, for God baa not heard. But He will he hear me now, perhaps, if lank Him to have mercy on your soul, and let me take some of your guilt on myself, since I drove you to this thing. One word of love from my lips, and you would have been alive now. But I could not lie, and your kisses degraded me so horribly. And, oh, the terrible pity of it all- that you should not have cared tor someone who might have cared for you and made your life happy." She buried her face in her .hands, and prayed silently now, for a while ; then rose from her knees, and took mate farewell of her husband. After this elie went out, without looking back. The next day at noon Clement Dene waa buried, and so strong an impression had the scene in the coast-guard's cottage made on M r Duncombe, that all through the solemn cere- mony he conld picture the corpse sneering ar and deriding them, and making a horrible grimace when the earth fell on the coffin lid, just above its mocking face. "A most generous and satisfactory will, everyone said who heard il read. " No men could have ehown greater confidence in his wife than Mr. Dene has ebuwn tn his. Everything left to her unconditionally, and j she so young." It was a trying position for ber, of course, but no one would have been averse to thu same eon of trial, and Lo s would have been surprised certainly if she had known bow many of the men who had followed ber husband's remains to the grave were longing to step into hiB vacant place -Borne for her " beaux yeux," others for the " beaux yeux de fia cassette." She had given all thc servants at the Place warning, through Mrs. Gregory, not intend- ing to live there at present, whatever she might do later. They were all to huve a month's board and wage«, and a present besides, BO that none could complain, although moBt unwilling to go. Mrs. tiregory, with a niece of hers as companion, remained in charge of the bouse, and the under-gardener was to sleep lhere. The garden LOÍB decided tc keep up as usual, and it was not only the Manor House that profited by this decision, but a great ninny of her neighbours, especially aniougs the poor. Eventually ebe meant to travel, abc told people, but not yet. ¿nd they uuder tood that she was required to remain uulii after Captaiu Craw foul's ttial, which was to take place at the Autumn Sessions. She never mentioned this herself, and shrank so visthly when anyone else di'1, it came to be recognised as a forbidden subject when she was present. ; but the interest in tho coming trial was very strong, and the police were supposed to have obtained so much new evidi nee against thc ptieoner that his convic- tion Kfcmed a matter of course. Lois went backwards and forwards to Loudon several times during the ensuing mouth, without giving uuy explanation of, or excuse for, her journeys, and no one dreamt of questioning her. Her emancipation from paternal control if tardy was thorough. And ncr father accepted thc situation with re- signation. After all, lie had gained so much by her marriage in come ways he must expect loss in others. And if she went her own way without consulting him, she was always gentle and considerate, und took such a gi-mroue share in the expenses of thc house- hold that he had quite a large Imlauce at his bankers 'Iben lier carriages und horses were always at h¡B di-posai; another great advantage. Also he found himBelf a person of greater importance in the neighbourhood than formerly, aud people from the other erd of thc county began to fiitd themselves within calling distance for thu first, time. .So that although poor Lois wau but a shadow of her former Belf, nod theie was a look of inde- scribable Badness and shrinking in her beauti- ful eyes, Mr. Duncombe was tmite satisfied that lie had done well by his child aud by himself. Willie had gone back to school the day after the fuueral, and Kitty had no one to confide in, although she had made a discovery lately that was worrying and puzzling her a good deal-namely, that Lois's jewels had mysteriously disappeared since a day or two after her marriage, and the faintest reference to them brought a look of actual terror into her sister's eyes. (To oe coptimti.) 