LATE GENERAL NEWS. ' Woomera' writes :— -Stories told to the detri ment of pressmen ore generally malicious and un truthful, but as there aro peoplo bo dopr/tved that they can enjoy o*on that kind of story I submit on?, Two preBBmon entering a publicliouso wore asked to drink, by a stranger who was present, and was somewnat; under tlie innuence of liquor, and they accepted the invitation. By-and-by tho question of payment came up, and each of the presBtnon in turn jerked hie thumb towards tbo stranger. He, when appealed to, said ho know nothing about it, and had askod no ono to drink. ' Come, now, nono of that,' roared the landlord, ' I've known those gentlemen a good many years, and I'm quito sure they would norer call for drinks unlosB Borne one had offered to pay far them.' Tho stranger thou paid tho money, and tho pressmen wero very much pleased at tho man ner in wbioh tho landlord bad vindicated their re putations, but when they came to think over it thoy becomo somowhot dubious. Last night tho Premier, Mr. G. H. Reid, addressed a orowded meeting of electors nt tho Protestant Hall, Sydney. He had a splendid re ception. A small section of the meeting was noisy during tho proceedings, nnd nn overwhelming | majority pronounced in favour of tho candidate. JuBt at the dose ofi Mr. Reid's spoeoh a tologmm from tho Premier of Woatern Australia was htndod to him. In it Sir John Forrest expressed himsolf 'as boing vory anxious thnt Western Australia should be reproaented at the Convention, but the date of meeting waB nn impossible one. Ho sug gOBtcd that tho Convention should moot on n day not later than the lGth Maroh, or that it should meet on the 20th Maroh on the understanding that; it should only sit for one week, and then adjourn till the ond of tlio year. If either of these courses should bo adopted Western Australia would bo represented. Mr. Reid states that ho believes there will bo no diffi- . oulty in oommenoiu^ on 20th March, but it will bo impossible to make it tho 16th, as tho writs will not be in. The Premier expressed himsolf as opposed to federalising the railways or unalienated lands. The establishment of tho Federal capital in Now South Wales was advocated by him. The Full Court yoBterday made absolute a rule nisi for a new trial in tho cabo of Bowman v, Bacon, a suit for alleged breaah of contraot in tho Bale o£ aheep. . The German man-of-war Falke arrived nt Sydney from the islands yesterday ovening. She visited New Guinea and Now Britain, , and brings three miners who were picked tip on a ' raft by a steamer off Now Guinea. The men had boon attaokod by tho natives, and took refugo on a raft. An acoidont, whioh resulted fatally, occurred to a well-known carrier named Geo. Hillior, naar Morangnrell, about 82 miloa from Tomora. Hilller's horses must have been frightened, and oousod Hillier to be thrown under the wheels, Ho was found by Constable Kolly, whobroughtthoBUfforor to tho Tomora Hospital. Tho loft arm wns fractured in threo plaoes, the loft thigh was fractured, and the right thigh and lefb log woro bruisod. An, operation by the doctor wob necessary, butgan grono sot in, and Hillier died yostorday. In a divoroo action in Melbourne yoBterday in which a woman iB co-respondent, and in which., the potitionor gained a divorce, an offort was made to obtain an order against tho co-roBpondcnt for oosts. Tho Judge ruled that thoro was no authority for mulcting a woman in costs in suoh cobcb. The old Sydney Peace Sooloty was on Wodnosday revived undor tho title of the Now South Wnlos Ponoo nnd Arbitration League, 1 Anothor warning of tho doloterloua offoots of drink t At Broken Hill yestordny a minor named Patrick Heggnrty died suddenly from tho effeots of drinking too muoh wntor. A cowardly aot is reported from Tarnngulln, Yio torin, A minor named Niobolas, whilo working in a drjvs, wna hailed from tho surface, and upon oom ing out of tho drivo into tho shaft a lump of quartz wob thrown down, whioh strnok Niobolas on the hoad, fraoturing tho skull, A man has boon arrested on suspicion. ' Tho first nnd moat notnbln result of tho exoava tlons onrrled on by Prof. Hilprooht In Babylonia Ih said to bo that tho hUtory of tho Babylonian pooplo, oa rooordod in cuneiform writing ontablotB, Is oarriod baok at least 2260 yonra further than it had yot beon known. ' In other words, thoro ia now abundant writton ovldonco that tho Bnby Ionian pooplo existed, and woro oivllisod enough tobonblo to writo at loaet 7000 years boforo Christ. Tho profosBor, who in nil matters of arohtoology Is cautious, on boing askod whothor ho could Biwy that, tho writton reoords did not go further baok, ropHod'that, in his judgment, thoy probably went book ns tar as 8000 years 11,0., but that in his pub lished rccords ho wns unwilling to print any thing whioh oould not bo amply borne out by ovi danao. . . Tho Postraastor-Gonoral, spooking at Penrith, said tho granting of tho penny postago system would moan a loss of rovonuo of .£5000 n yoar, nnd. ho did not fool justified in granting tho oonoosaloh, It ia propoBoa undor tho Viotorian Railway Loan Appropriation Aot to spend J316u,000 townrdB equipping .waggona with tuo Wostlnghouso brako. It appears that tho total sum required to oomploto tho fitting of tbo existing railway stook with tho brako, as far ns 1b oonsldnrod nooossary, is .£450,000. Already a sum of X260.000 Iiob boon oxpondod on tho apparatus. A, C. Edwards and J. Grcon, noted English pro fessional oyolists, arrived in Molbourned yostor day by the R.M.S. Ormuz. Thoy. aro in good fottlo, and hope to oompoto at tho approaching meeting. * Lord Onslow lian aont out an illuminated nddreBB and n flno Union ,Tnok, 20fb. by 12ft,, to the Ngntinliula tribo, after whioh trlbo his son born in Now Zonland wns named, Lady Onslow sent a largo portrait of tho ohild, . , Promlor Turnor lias had nn interview with Lord Bransoy on tho snbjoot of the Invitation to visit England. His Exoollonoy strongly counselled its | nooeptanco, and tho Promlor has dooidod to go. 1 At the various Land Offices throughout the colony yesterday six applications for land were lodged for areas amounting to 0278 acres. Under the Load Act of 1805 tho number of persons settled on tho land has reachod a total of 1732, while tho area held aggregates 1, 418,133 ncreB. Tho body of a mon named George Carpenter was found oil the rnilwoy lino near Quirindi on Wed neaduy'. Ho is believed to hnve been run over by the mail train. Thero is nn amusing quaintness in the translation in tho Chinese Herald of the occapationa of N.S.W. candidates foe tho Federal Convention. Ashton, n joarnnlist, figures as a ' Bo goon chuo yun,' mean ing ' a superior man of a reporting office j' Speaker Abbott, solicitor, ib described as ' Sue chong see,' meaning 'a littlo artisan in legal pro cesses,' whilo the Hon. Edmund Barton, being a barrister or ' big artisan in legal processes,' appeals to the pigtailed free and independent as a ' diy chong sou.' A volunteeroiflcorof long service being questioned aa to Major-General French's proposal to send a detachment of permanent and volunteer troops to England, said ' What do I think of it ? With out in the slightest degree desiring to detract from tho loyal Bentiment which probably prompted the suggestion, I would merely romark that it is impossible to obtain an even fairly representative body of 160 men to devote at least six moutliB to tho undertaking. Tho majority of our volunteers aro not of thnt loisured aioney class who equld afford the timo and tho oxponoes inseparable therofrom, that the contingent would largely con sist of tho Headquarters Staff ond tho Permanent Artillery , They have always had the unenviable distinction of being pampered nt tho expense of tho volunteers — thoso partially paid and serving with out pay. Whenever a reduction is made, or a Baving has to be effected, tho volunteers ore soeri fied, and at the present time the defence forco, as a whole, is in a worse fighting condition than ever it was.' Tho import marketB wero quiot yesterday, and prices wero unchanged. At tho tea sales a fair amount of business was done. A syndicate^ has beon formed to introduce tho Morrall crushing mill iDto New Zealan.d mining, lb is alleged it will bring about as great a revolu tion in mining aB the oyanide procosB. If Butler induoed his victims to dig their own graves tho law of retaliation is now having its turn for the smart AniBrioan lawyers and showmen nro making Butler earn the money to pay for a defenco whioh will certainly be ineffectaal. The 160 dollars realised for Butler's hat, boots, and belt do nob make a large sum, but if expended judiciously it will satisfy^ somo of tho legal fratornity. The idea of getting Butler to spoak into a phonograph is ft woird one, and in the future although wo are not likely to languish for tho touch of a vanished hand wo shall hove tho ghost of tho voice thot is stilled. A startling diacovory has boon m&de; at the Black Flag, W.A. A coloured man working for the nigbtsoil contractor about threo wooks ago unearthed a kerosene tin containing tho body of an infant. Fearful of getting into trouble, he buried the body again, but ho has jUBt mado tho discovery known, and the police are now investigating the mnttor, ' Canon Pallitt, of Adelaide was struck by lightning whilo cycling to Yatula Labour Prison to conduct I the service. He is recovering. 