OUR STORY. A WOOF OF PROVIDENCE ; OR, GOD'S FIRE-LADDIE. (By John J. a'Becket in the Irish Catholic). (Continued.) He continued to look at it, his face wistful and happy- Still holding it carefully in his hand, he said : " I Hnn'f snnnose vou'd like to leave this here a little while with me, would you, doctor ? It makes me feel good to look at it. It kinder eases and helps me. Ain't it strange she used to like to visit hospitals and do good to poor people when she was so young and such a beauty ? You can see she was a perfect lady. I'll be very careful of it," he added, with a touch ing desire to win the favour. " Why, yes. Keep it, my good fellow, if it will be a pleasure to you. Florence would have come to see you if she were living ; so she can t object to her picture coming, can she ? I told you that she would have liked you. You feel that now, perhaps ?" " You don't think she would care, doctor ? I'm only a fireman and she is such a lady, and so fine, and so like a little flower." " I know she wouldn't care, re plied Doctor Farnham, taking out his handkerchief and blowing his nose vigorously. The worn face lit up with pleasure. There was no mistaking his serene content in the miniature. After lying for some moments with his eyes fastened on it, and a smile half dawn ing on his lips, he said to Dr . Farn ham, with a new accent in his voice : " You've been awful kind to me, doctor. I wish I could do something to show how grateful I am. But when I go up yonder I can do more. What shall I tell her for you, doctor ?" Dr. Farnham was startled. He had never been brought in contact with such a practical, vivid sense of com munication between the two worlds divided by the grave. " Tell her," he said, falling into the fireman's mood, " that you have done her brother good, and that she must be good to you because you are my friend." The look in the grey eyes was a limpid one as they turned with their frank honesty upon his. " I'll tell her," he said quietly. " Joe," said Doctor Farnham, after a moment's pause, " there's one. little thing you might give me. I am not much of a man for souvenirs, except those that one carries in his heart and mind. I don't know whether I ought to ask for this ; but when you were first brought in and I was examining you, I found a small badge with a picture of a blazing heart on it. If you would like to, I'd be pleased to have, you give me that. I don't know why I should have taken such a peculiar interest in it. There's no reason for it, except that it seems so identified with you as a fireman. I thought it was a fireman's badge. It looked like it." " Why, I'll give it to you with pleasure," said Joe, warmly. " But, doctor, you ought to wear it. Will you do that ? It oughtn't to be left around careless. Of course I wouldn't say that only that you don't know that, it's the picture of the Sacred Heart, and people that wear it try to make up for those that don't care much for the Lord. I'd die happier, I believe," continued the fireman with his wonderful simplicity, " if I knew you were going to wear it. Will you ? For my sake ? And for your sister's? She'll be gladder than I to see you with it on. It can't do you any harm, can it ?" The wan face lighted up with a smile. "No, Joe," replied Doctor Farn ham. " Give it to me, and I'll put it on to-night. I don't want to lose the impressions I owe to you, and this badge will be a sort of seal to them." Joe felt in his shirt and pulled out the badge. He gave it to Doctor Farnham with' a pleased look. j Doctor Farnham pressed his hand warmly and went away. The whole episode had been sweetly solemn. He looked back as he was passing out. The fireman's eyes were again riveted on the sweet face of the miniature. When Dr. Farnham got into corridor he rubbed his eyes with his handkerchief with a quick, im patient air. The next morning when he came to the hospital they told him Joe Farrell was dead. " Why wasn't I sent for ?" he asked sharply. "He did not think he would die before you got here this morning," said the nurse, " and there was nothing to be done. He suffered no pain. He has seemed very quiet and happy since you were here yesterday. As it was, he really died alone, so he must have passed away very quickly and easily. Father Vaughan gave him Communion this morning. "And, doctor, they found him dead, clasping a miniature in his hand, which Father Vaughan says you 'lant him. Father Vaughan thought you had better get it yourself from him. So we left it in his hand." Doctor Farnham walked slowly and pensively up to the fireman's cot. There was a simple majesty about the dead form of the fireman ; it looked so like peaceful sleep for his resolute, strong nature to be so still. His large right hand lay on his breast over a crucifix that had been placed there. The fingers, dead and cold, were clasped on the miniature of the beautiful young girl. Doctor Farn ham had to force them open to get it away from the tenacious hold of the dead fire-laddie. A strange feeling stirred in Dr. Farnham's breast at the thought that perhaps Joe Farrell had already delivered the promised message to his sister. If there was a heaven, they must both be there. When he got home, he opened the small drawer in his desk again and took out the bundle of photographs. He had set the miniature back in its accustomed place on his desk. Run ning through the photographs slowly, he picked out one of a woman about fifty -four years of age. The thin hair was brushed plainly back from the noble forehead, and in the meek, soft eyes there was a look that told of suffering and patience and a beauti ful sympathy for those who needed human help. A sweet, benign face. He glanced from the venerable dig nity of this grave, thoughtful woman to the dainty, girlish grace of the face in the miniature. For two or three minutes he gazed attentively at them. Then he pressed the photograph reverently to his lips and murmured : " Florence, if he does meet you there, you will probably look now as you do in the miniature. He can't blame me." Doctor Farnham was not through with Joe Farrell yet. Doubts that he thought he had laid for ever, not perhaps as he would, but as he had fancied that he must, rose in his mind with a new and imperious insistence. A purer life than his sister's he had never known. In this young fireman he had found a spiritual kinsman of this idolised woman who had touched him deeply. Could it be that a life so clean and innocent, so simple and strong, a life that had been barren of the commonest pleasures of existence —could it be that such a life had gone out in pitiless nothingness ? It it had, was not the universe void of justice ? His sister, despite her steadfast devotion to suffering and want, had moved in an atmosphere of refined and comfortable surround ings. She had been cherished all her days with an affection every touch of which was a sweet and supporting consolation to her. Whatever befel beyond the grave, her days this side of death had been the very ones she would have chosen. Was the strange leaven of peace that had come to soothe the stoical calm of his own being into a sweeter acquiescence only a feeble, material exhalation, as puerile as it was sooth ing ? Argument and reason had stripped the universe of meaning and of beauty. What had it proved to him ? That life was only a gigantic ant-hill, in which struggle and reward were blindly apportioned. If it was his faith,4 his religion, that had made joe. Farrell — uneducated, impover ished fireman that he was-r-one of the finest-fibred men he had ever encountered, there must be some thing in it. What if that -something should be Truth, the answer to the riddle of the universe ! . His intellectual pride fought hard against this warring sense within him. Courage and reason in him should mean enduring in his own position, no matter what its desolations. Was this crude, untutored fireman stronger than he ? Could he not sus tain so much lesser burden with courage as great ? Doctor Farnham was fair above all. He felt that, in justice to his own ideal of rectitude, he should study thoughly this faith which had counted Joe Farrell as so staunch an adherent. It was not an easy task for him. The steps that lead upward to the Light are often bloody ones. But Doctor Farnham took them with stern, unwavering purpose. In such case God may try a soul ; he does not desert it. ,\ It was not long, before he could murmur, as his eye rested on the dainty miniature which he had taken from Joe Farrell's dead hand " Flo rence, pray for me. Joe, pray for me." But it was three months after the fire-laddie's death that he presented himself, at Father Vaughan's house. When he was ushered into the study he said, with his wonted contained air : " Father Vaughan, when can you receive me into the Church ? I want to be baptised." " I can receive you at any moment if you are properly instructed and fully accept the Faith," the priest replied. " I have been waiting for you." "I have carefully studied it for three months, and I am forced to say that I believe it with all my heart and mind. I am glad that I do." "Joe Farrell used to slip in at odd moments and pray at this altar," said Father Vaughan softly to the doctor as he left him there. " Seeing you here will be a new joy to him even in in heaven. When you are through I wish you would come into the house again for a short while." When Doctor Farnham was seated there later, Father Vaughan said to him smilingly, " Doctor, I wanted to see you that we might dissect a Providence together. I have learned that you had thrown up your position in the hospital, and but for delay in your successor's arrival you would not have been there when Joe Farrell was brought in. In other words you would not have seen or met him at all." Doctor m Farnham gave a sign of assent. " The Sunday on which Joe met his injury was his day off," con tinued Father Vaughan. " One of his companions was to be married on that day in Brooklyn. He had in tended going over early, and had gone some distance on his way to the bridge when he suddenly remembered that in changing his clothes he had forgotten to put on his scapular. He went back to the engine- house to get it. While he was there the alarm was sent in. Some one said that it was next to the Church of the Sacred Heart. That was enough for Joe. He got into his fireman's rig, dropped the wedding, went to the fire, saved the church, and, fatally injured, was brought to the hospital, where you, contrary to your hope and expectations, still were. I do not think I am assuming too much in believing that this sturdy, upright fireman was the instrument God used for your conversion." " I have no doubt of it myself," said Doctor Farnham with feeling. " Had I not felt almost certain that this would be the case," Father Vaughan resumed, " I would have told you before this something which will now be a matter of surprise to you, and, I may add, of the deepest consolation. Miss Farnham died, only a fortnight before Joe Farrell was taken to the "hospital, from a sudden stroke from which she never rallied. Doctor Farnham, what I tell you now will be a great happiness. I baptised your sis ter with my own hands a month before her death ! The last time I ever saw her she was kneeling at one side of the rail of the altar of the Sacred Heart where you prayed to night, and on the other side, in one of the five minutes he would snatch for it every now and then, was Joe Farrell. Neither of them, of course, knew the other. That was on a Friday morning after she had received Communion at my hands at the morning Mass. It was on that same day that she was stricken with this fatal attack and died so suddenly. You do not know the Litany of the Saints, Doctor Farnham, as yet, perhaps. In it there is a prayer to be delivered from ' a sudden and un provided death.' Your good sister's death was sudden, not ' unprovided.' I have never known a sanctity of life which was so deep, so simple, so winning. She and this poor fireman, Joe Farrell, were wonderfully alike in their soul- life and spirituality, though socially and in education they were the antipodes of each other. Grace leavens to a marvellous simi larity, my dear doctor." "You could not have told me any thing that would have been more sustaining, Father Vaughan. It seems so natural to me, now that this hard, stubborn mind of mine has been brought to the only truth of God's revelation, that my sister should have been led to it. But there is one thing I cannot understand. Why did my sister not tell me of this ?" " That was pure human weakness in her," replied Father Vaughan. " I advised her to tell you, and she fully intended to do so later. But she dreaded that if she told you and you refused to give the subject con sideration, or were to do so and should fail to be converted, that her own faith would be a barrier between you. She dreaded with almost morbid fear that any strain of dissonance should come between you two. She prayed and offered every breath of her life for your conversion. She felt that God would not leave you out of the fold. You see that He has not, and that the means He used to convert you, in your pride of in tellect and perfect self-confidence, was an illiterate fireman aflame with the Holy Ghost. Truly His ways are wonderful, and he uses the weak things of this world to confound the strong," concluded Father Vaughan with deep feeling. " Father," said Doctor Farnham, rising, " La Place remarked that he could never find God at the end of his telescope. Many a doctor, my self included, has dissected the human frame and found no trace of an immortal soul. But in this dissected Providence every seeming accident is a strand of the Holy Ghost in the net that was to catch my soul. Strange, that Joe Farrell should have forgotton his scapular, and that his return for it should have brought him into this fire where he met his death. Strange, that an unexpected delay kept me at the hospital just that one day longer which meant my having this poor fireman fall into my hands. Strange, that my dear sister should have come into the affair as she' did. Strange, and beautiful too, was that one association of my sister and poor Joe at the altar of the Sacred Heart, and not so strange, but even more beautiful, that later, unknown as sociation with his sweet, tender, hungry heart. I can imagine what she was asking of the Sacred Heart as she knelt there then. And only a few feet away from her was the instrument with which God meant to answer her prayer ! Father Vaughan, I thank you for tracing with me the wonderful woof of this ( Continued on page 16.) Continued from page 4.) Providence of God," said Doctor Farnham, rising and pressing the hand of the priest with emotion. " I must go back to the altar of the Sacred Heart to thank Our. Lord again for His wonderful mercy." " You will all three of you be there this time," said Father Vaughan, smilingly. " Say a little prayer for me, for I have some right to be in the company " In the great, dim church Doctor Farnhani's sinewy form was bent be fore the altar of the Sacred Heart as motionless as if of stone. He seemed to be living another life. Never had he dreamed that it was possible for the soul of man to be so over whelmed with sweetness. He felt so near his. sister and Joe Farrell that had he heard their voices it would not have been strange to him. What he did hear was God's voice — that voice whose fiat called all that is into being. When He so wills God speaks to the human soul so clearly that the conviction arising in the mind is one to which doubt or question is not : even possible.; In the exalting sweetness of those moments at the altar, out of the loving heart of Christ which Doctor Farnham was humbly adoring, came that absolutely clear word. Like the voice of God to most chosen souls it was a call to love through sacrifice. When Dr. Farnham rose from his knees it was with a " yes" in his soul, a " yes "which he felt/was irrevocable, because riot only the call but the reply was from God. Within the next fortnight he disposed of all his earthly possessions, except a few hundred dollars, in charities, just as one who, feeling the touch of death, prepares to leave the world. Then, with his sister's miniature over his 'heart, and the badge of the Sacred Heart which the dying fire-laddie had given ' Him on his breast, he left New York forever, one of God's poor, with the . heroic, serenity "of a martyr in his soul, to go and devote all that remained of life to the stricken lepers of Molokai: The End. 