[?] The Christian." . BY HALL OAINE, Acthou op "The Mansmak," THIRD BOOK.— THE DEVIL'S ACRE. V. Glorj' sang' that night with extraordinapr viyacity and charm, and wns called again and again. Going home in the cab she tried to live through the day afresh, every step, every net, every word, down to tknfc tnum- phant "I will." Her thoughts swayed as with the swaying of the hansom, but some times the thunderous applause of the aud ience broke in, and then she had to remem ber where she had left off. She could feel that beating against her breast still, and eyen smell the violets that grew by the pool. He had told her .id give up every thing, and when at length this -occurred to her as. ft separate idea, there was ail ex quisite thrill in the thought that perhaps some day- she would annihilate herself and all her ambitions, and . . . "who knows what then?" This mood lasted until Monday morning, when she was sitting in her room, dressing very slowly, and smiling at herself in the glass, when the cockney maid came in with a newspaper which her master had sent up on acount of a long report of the wedding. There were two long columns of the event of Saturday, and she read it in snatches be tween moments when other romombrances of the day stole in. "The Church of All Saints wns crowded by a fashionable congregation, among whom were ninny notable persons in the world of politics and society, including the father of the bridegroom, Uie Duke of and liis elder brother, the Marquis of . An arcli of palms crossed the nave at the entrance to the chancel, and festoons of rare flowers were suspended from the rails of the hand some screen. The altar and the table of the \- commandments were almost obscured by the -wreaths of exotics that hung over them, and the columns of the colonnade and front and .the offertory boxes were similarly buried in rieli and lovely blossom. . . "ThankB to an informal rehearsal some days before, the ceremony went off with out a hitch. The officiating clergy were the Venerable Archdeacon Wealthy, D.D., as sisted .by the Rev. Josiah Golightly and other members of the numerous staff of All Saints. The service, which was full choral, was under the able direction of the well- known organist and elioir master, Mr. Carl Koenig, F.R.S.O., and the choir consisted of 20 adult and 40 hoy voices. On the arrival of the bride a procession was formed at the west entrance, and proceeded up to the chancel singing The Voice that Breathed O'er Eden. . ." "Poor Polly!" thought Glory. "The bride wore a duchess satin gown, trimmed with chiffon and Brussels lace, and having a long train hung from the shoulders. Her tulle veil was fastened with ii ruby brooch of 20 carats and with sprays of real orange blossom sent specially from the Riviera, and the necklace consisted of a rope of graduated pearls fully a yard long, and understood to have belonged to Catherine of Russia. She carried a bouquet of flowers (the gift of the bridegroom) brought from Florida, the American home of her family. The bride's mother wore. . . - The bridesmaids were dressed. . . "Mr. Horatio Drake acted as best man." Glory drew her breath as with a spasm, and threw down the newspaper. How blind she had been, bow vain, how foolish! She had told John Storm that Drake was only a good friend to her, meaning him to understand that thus far she allowed him to go, and no further. But there was a whole realm of his life into which he did not ask her to enter. The "notable persons in polities and society," "the bridesmaids," these made np his real sphere, -his serious scene. Other women were his friends, companions, equals, intimates, and when he stood in the eye of the world it was they who stood beside him. And she? She was his hobby. He came to her in his off hours. She filled up the underside of his life. With a crushing sense of humiliation she was folding up the newspaper to send it downstairs when her eye was arrested bj- a paragraph in small typo in the corner, headed, "Shocking Occurrence at a Fash ionable Marriage." "Oh, Lord Jesus!" A glance had shown her what it waB. It was a report of Polly's suicide:'— "At a fashionable marriage at a T'cgt EniJehurch on Saturday (no names) a young woman who had been sitting in the navo was seen to rise and attempt to step into the aisle as if with the intention of crushing her way- out, when she fell back in convulsions, and on being removed, was found to ho dead. Happily, the attention of the congregation was at the moment directed to the bride and bridegroom, who were returning from the vestry with the bridal party behind them, and thus the painful incident made no sensation among the crowded congrega tion. The body was removed to the mor tuary, and from subsequent inquiries it transpired that 'death had heen due to poi son self-administered, and that the de ceased, who had been a woman of consider able personal beauty, was Elizabeth Anne Love, 24, of no occupation, but formerly a Tho sole right of publication in Victoria has beta purchased by The Leader, nurse, a circumstance which had enabled her to procure half a grain of liquor, stry- chninac, on her own signature, at a che mist's where she had been known. "Oh, God! Oh, God!" Glory understood everything now. "I've a great mind to go to All Saints and shame them. ... Oh, it isn't the police I'm afraid of. Polly's purpose was clear; she had intended to fall dead at the feet of the bride and bride groom and make them walk over her body. Poor, foolish, ineffectual Polly! Her very- ghost must he ashamed of the failure of her revenge. Not a ripple of sensation on Saturday, and this morning only a few obscure lines in little letters." Oh, it was hideous! The poor thing's ven geance was theatrical and paltry; hut what of the man, wherever he was? What did I10 think of himself now with his millions and liis murder; yes, his murder, for -what else was it? An hour later Glory was ringing the bell of a little house in St. John's Wood, where of the upper blinds were drawn. The grat ing of tho garden door slid back and an un tidy head looked out. ' "Well, ma'am?" "Don't you remember me, Liza?" "Lawd, yes, miss," and the door was opened, "but I was afoard you wore one 0' tlicm reportin' people, and my orders is not to answer no questions." "Has he been' here, then?" "Bless yc, no, iniss; he's on his way to the Continents. Rut his friend has, and he's settled everything handsome — I will say that for the gentleman." Glory felt her gall rising as she passed into the house — there was something degrading, almost disreputable, eveu in the loyalty of Drake's friendship. . Fancy. Liza not knowing you, miss, and me at the 'all a Tuesday night! I 'ope you'll excuse, the liberty, hut I did laugh, and T won t say but I shed a few tears too. Ar ranged? Aes, the jury and the coroner and everything. It's to be at 12 o'clock, so you may think I've 'ad my 'ands full. But > ou 11 want to look at 'er, pore thing. Go up, miss, and mind yer 'ead — there's no body but 'er friends with 'er." The friends proved to-be Betty Belmont and her dressing room companions. When Glorj- entered they showed no surprise. The pore child told us all about you," said Betty, and the. little one said, "It's your nyme that's caught on, dear. The minute I heard it I said what a top line for a bill." It was the same little band box of a bed room, only now it was darkened. Polly's troubles were over. There was a slightly convulsed look about the mouth, hut the features were otherwise calm and childlike, for all the dead are innocent. It was im possible to forget they had been friends. Glory s tears fell on the upturned face, and I oily carried them with her. The three women, with demure faces, were sipping Benedictine, and talking among themselves, and Polly's pug dog was audibly11" tllE olstcr aud snoring t,llinfr J don,t how she could tliisfffn It'f'lill n thnt s the worst of irt Lll;' 11 8 1'rosent, and leads to nothing, aud am t got 110 future "-"What could the pore thing do? She Wasn't Ao woiiderfiil pretty, and then men like- " T;d„'C a Si '""V say what ver like. she ought to fjeeii more na- o,?1 fj', n,nd 8 nc,9dn't 'a been so lmrd ? J H \dy "She had even-thing i"i5 sir'- '""ik " '« ftts s w. rs a Gloiy imd turned her face away, but behind her the women Wcre still talking. "What a lovely ring. ... I wish I md a keensakc lrsfebn?b'--" -'- " w2s p«%7p:fu4livfc';;»ssa"5;k commotion, and was beginning to howl: so it'n,./ AUD mourner and carried ing Sweet M? rie.11 80me,vhcre Iy. I he funeral was at Kcnsal Green, and the four girls were the only followers. The death being due to suicide the body was not taken into the chapel, hut a clergyman met it at the gate, and led the way to the grave. M alking with her head down, and the dog under her arm, Glory had not seen him at first, hut when he began with the tremendous words, I am the resurrection and the life, she caught her breath, and looked, up. It was John Storm. Ithilc they were in the carriage the clouds had been gathering, and now some spots of ram were falling. When the hearers had laid down their burden the spots were large and frequent, and all save one of the men turned and went back to the shelter of the porch. The three women looked at each other, and one of them muttered some thing about "the dead and the living," and then the little lady stole away. After a moment tho tall one followed her, and from shame of being ashnmcd, the third one went oil also. By this time tho rnin was falling in a sharp shower, and John 'Storm, who was bareheaded, had opened liis book and begun to read: "Forasmuch aa it hath pleased A\\- mighty God of His great mercy to take unto Himself the soul of our dear sister here de- parted . . , Then he saw that Glory was alone by the graveside, and liis voice faltered, nnd almost failed him. It faltered again, and he halted when he came to the /'sure and certain hope, but after a moment it quivered and filled out and seemed to say "which of us can sound the depths of God's designs?" After the "maimed rights" were over, John Storm went back to the church to remove liis surplice, and when he returned to the grave Glory was gone, . - She sang aa usual at the music hall that night, but with. a heavy heart. The differ- ence; communicated itself to the audience, and the unanimous applause which had greeted her before frayed off at length into separate hand claps. Crossing the stage to licr dressing room, she met Koenig, who came to conduct for licr, and he said, "Not quite yourself to-night, lucin dear, oh ?" Going home in the hansom Polly's dog coddled up with the old sympathy to the new mistress, and seemed to be making the best of tilings. The household was asleep and Glory let herself in with 0 latch key. Her cold supper was laid ready, and a letter was lying under the turned down lamp- " was from her grandfather, and had been Written after church on Sunday night: "It is now so long— more than a year— since I saw my runaway and trunnt, that, notwithstanding the protests of Aunt Anna, and the forebodings of Aunt Rachel,. I hnve determined to give my old legs a journey and my old eyes a treat. Therefore take warning that I intend to come up to Lon don forthwith, that I may see the great pity for the first time in my life, and— which is better— my little granddaughter, among all her new friends and in the midst of her great prosperity." At the foot of this there wrts a postscript from Aunt Rachel, hastily scrawled in pen cil: "Take no notice" of this. He is far too weak to travel, and, indeed, he is really fail ing, but your letter, which reached us last .night, lias so troubled him ever since that he can't take rest for thinking of it, and ..." It wns the last straw. Before finishing the letter or taking off her hat Glory took up a telegraph form and wrote: "Postpone jour ney; am returning home to-morrow." Then she heard Koenig letting himself into the house, nnd. going downstairs: she said — : ."Will you take. this message to the tele graph oflice-for me, please?" "Vy, of course I vill, and den ve 11 hnve supper togedder. Look,"and he laughed and opened a paper, and drew out a string of 'sausnges._ "Mr. Koenig," she said, "you were right. I was not myself to-night. I want a rest, and I propose to take one." As Glory returned upstairs she heard stammerings, sputterings and swearings be hind her nbout managers, engagements, an nouncements, geniuses, children and other matters. Back in her rooms, she lny down on the floor, with her face in her hands, and sobbed. Then Koenig appeared, pant ing and saying, "Dare, I know vhat vould happen. Ilere is a pretty ting! And dat's vliy Mr. 'Drake tod me. to (Jeny you to de man! De brute, dc beast, de dirty son of a monk!" But Glorj' had leapt up with eyes of fire, and was crying, "How dure you, sir? Out of my room this instant!" "Mein Gott! It's a divil!" ICoenig wns muttering like a servant as he went down stairs. lie wont out to the telegraph office, and came hack, and then Glorj heard him frj'ing his sausages on the diningroom fire. The night was far gone when she pushed aside her untouched supper, and wiping licr eyes that she might see properly, sat down to write a letter:— "Dear John Storm,— Monk, monster, or whatever it is! "I trust it will be counted to me for right eousness that I am doing your bidding nnd giving up my profession— for the present. Between n woman's yes and no. There isn't room for a pin to go. which is very foolish of her in this instance, considering that she is earning various pounds at night, and has nothing but Pro vidence to fall back upon. I have told inj' jailor I must have mj- liberty, and, being a man of like passions with j-ourself he has been busy blaspheming in the parlor down stairs. I trust virtue, will be its own re ward, for I daresay it is all I shall ever get. If I were Narcissus I should fall in Jove with myself to-daj', having shown an obedi ence to tyranny which is beautiful and worthy of the heroic age. But to-morrow morning I go hack to the 'Oilan,' and it will he so nice up there without anj-body, and all alone." She was laughing softly to herself as. she wrote, and catching her breath with a little soli at intervals. "A letter now nnd then is profitable to the souj of man— nnd woman— but you must not expect to hear from mc, and as for you, though j'ou have resurrected yourself I sup pose a tvrant of your opinions will continue the Benedictine rule which compels you to hold j'our peace— and other thmes. I am engaged to breakfast with a nice girl named Glory Qnnj'le to-morrow morning— thnfis to saj', this morning— at Euston stationAit a qunrter to seven, but happily this letter won't reach you until 7.30, so I'll just es cape interruption." The house was still, and the streets were quiet, not even a cab going along. "God bj'e! I've realised— n dqg! It s a pug, and therefore like somebody else it al ways looks black at me, though I suspect its father married beneath him, for it talks a good deal, and evidently hnsn'tbeen brought up in a brotherhood. Therefore being a 'female,' I intend to call it Aunt Anna, ex cept when the original is about. Aunt Anna lias been hopping up and down the room at my heels, for the last hour, evi dently thinking that a rational woman would behave better if she went to bed. Perhaps I shall tfvlco a leaf out of your book and 'comb her hair' when I get her all alone in the train to-morrow, that she may he prepared for the new sphere to which it has pleased Providence to call her. "Good-bye again! I see the lamps of Euston running after, each other— only its the other way this time. I find there is something that eoizes you with a fiercer palpitntion than coming into a great nnd wonderful city, and that is going out of one. Dear old London! After all it has heen very good to me. No one, it seems to me, loves it as much as I do. Only somebody thinks . . . well, never inind! Good-bye 'for all.' GLORY." At 7 next morning, on the platform at Euston, Glory was standing with melan choly eyes at the door of a first class com partment, watching the people sauntering up and down, talking in groups and hurry ing to and fro, when Drake stepped up to her. She did not ask what had brought him; she knew. He looked fresh and hand some, nnd was faultlessly dressed. "You are doing quite right, my dear," he said, in a cheerful voice. "Koenig tele graphed, and I came to see you off. Don't bother about the theatre, leave everything to me. Take a rest after your great excite ment, and come hack bright and well." The locomotive whistled nnd began to pant, the smoke rose to the roof, the train stnrted. nnd before Glory knew she was going she wns gone. Then Drake walked to his club and wrote this postcript to a lottcr to Lord Robert Ure, at the Grand Hotel, Paris— "Tho par son has drawn first blood, and Gloria has gone home." (To be continued.) 