WAY FOR -- KLONIKE "And whie Stolonel .FitzDl)oinkky' said Lady1 .ltiy IHelver. . "'iell. 1]Se S the Klondyke Iing--mnade piles of moee~- out of those mines, you know. Wile he is besides, no one seems to know. Probably becaue lie is no bodY. ?Iowever. he has muounntains of m"ontey, ~d really is : Very decent fel . low." So spiuke Jack Uyaevor. the eldest son of Sir -John ]ynevor, of.Rushton Park. Jack was just one ef those strong, well built, wholes-ame.looking young men of wllem there, are so many to be seen in •Inland. ,ie was also an execellent shot, and a ns-st desirable parti in the oeyes of n may rr ite :keen mmatchmnak?rs o¬ soiet r "And diI vei mesaino sa0 y tlhat - we have bc. ,en;itted te meet lids ltuu as if he w?ere royailtys said LadyS ay, her pa, liipper li" n curling risdain fully. "ior ,"toitie "th:it,ý replied .Ta'k. laugli ing. .:tndi the man himself iZs neither bnnum pious nor a 'snob.ta fa- as I can l'l. 'Rut You know the kilil of thing. l'hi t has:-l'?en a dead set at hlil eer sit a" llhe arrived. Tne nclle want t.I get i Fds ? t of linl. Tlce haiiies not only, mtnit -thiat, :but-'also to screw appoint n'ants:out of t'hi for pets of theirs. or -Sav:ithe marln--to talike charge of him sntirely'ind lancer him n olldonl. And -rs our hostess hIlas ino doubt promised -lerslf'to do this. I sce the prospect of .=i regulihr flare-up sosner or liter." "Biit -surely they drn't expect him to '?il iunlllld chleques;ike canls,'" said -I? aildyl Ifan curlingl her lip rather more. "'No,'-reiplied.Tack, with somewhat of m :nlook of wonder-for Lady.-May was at 'clever girl a-lld knew her world thor eenghly. "Not tihat-- not that soeine of tlheniwyoiuld mind. I fancy. if lie did. I \--xpleet MarT' Miilleton would grab hers Ilke'." shot. But. you see, he is a power in finance. alid knows many things. anld bhe keepls up large establislulents both lhere'and in Canada, and is bnying laud anll of whlich means that lie cail do rtlings forlhis friends. Do you see':" "Yes, I- see." replied May-so indif Ifrenily that Jack was surprised again. for the feeling was so dissimilar from 'Illat "which lie had lately witnessed in -others. But then he( reflected that it -tas like the trmue nobility of May's c-eharacter to lie entirely free fronl :Ill •ithes p etty strivings after the. dross of daily- life. It will be observed that he thought of her as May. Whether lie had a:ny right to do so hlie did not yet know. biut lie hiopdd lie had, and lie was prepared to put the question to the issoue as sooni srthue favorable oplportunity occ.urred. .TJack had known Lady May and her uanmily since childhood. so lie naturally -proceeded in inquire after the tabsent. 'Lolrd and Lady Hilellester were quite rwell, the girls were itotrishiniig." el T-erstone was witl hii regiment. and 'Bob--poor lob-- was still In dire dis :grace _"'Please don't talk of it." she said with nmoist eyes. "You know lie is nly 'favorite brother--:nd--lny father for 'Bils us even to iiention his llnaie." Colonel FitzDominick a-ns a long, lean ananl with a clean-shaven face. which .ooked as if it had been earved out of some hard Austhralian wooed by -an \- rtlist who was pressed for time. Not wren the radiance of the golden halo rwith which he was surrounded could in Test him with anything approaching to good looks, but. on the other hand, lie omssessssd a pair of merry twinkling -eyes. a large ample smile, -and a fluent ongune--whicll at its very first utter -ince plroclaimed aloud the fact that his "place of birth was the Distressful Coun try. Hie had gone up to Iloudyke in the early days. Report said that the solid results of his journey were to be 'reckoned in millions. Also that tie ad \--entures lie had gone through, and the rnfferings lie had endured, would have -completely broken down a less deter mined man. Therefore. there was a :ailo of romance about him, quite ir "respective of the golden radiance of his W.ealth. But he was the very last person in the world whom one might have expected to-make an impression on Lady May Helver--'uhe scornful May," as many -alled her. It is true that site was one of six daughters, and.Lord Hilchehster "was decidedly pIoo-for his position. Itoreotver, as all the estates were -en 'tailed. it was quite obvious that ite would not ble able to do much, if indeed :.anything at all, for his'girls. Besides, -though May was a beauity of a very un common type, sihe was twenty-six, ler -other sisters were all out, one of them -was married, andl altogether, whatever -might be the actual. circumstances, there was no doubt that May was open to be regarded by friends aud-relatiohs ilike as a failure. Some girls do not like this kind of position. .They get wild, fling themselves at the heads of -the most unlikely men, and plunge into marriages which cann only be adequate ly atoned for lby a lifetime of misery af ftern'ards. And, on the other hand. Colonel FitzDonlinick was so far from heilng an unlikely subljOct that le was l`eyond dispute a highly eligible parti in af worldly sense, and could without Sdoubt have commanded a panamde of half the beauties of Mayfair and Belgravia, lad 'he chosen to select a wife by the -Oriental method of throwing the .lland kerchief. -"In one sense she would be S-lotng-very well for herself it she mar -ried the Colonel. Btut:then -May Ielver had alway. :-givern'herself such airs, aild all tilhe iLadies of the house party. It would -ave 'eemed far more natural that shli -should flinug herself away on a penullesi -trince than-do such a straightforward -common sense.thing as'set her cap al :- millionaire nobody. . If she merel3 ltooked-to money, why had she refuse( Lord EItlldon, the .miser-peer wht owned a good slice of London, anu lirved in a cheap flat in Bloomsbury: o0 Sir Henry Allswood, of Allswood--jtus 'becaus:e that unfortumtte story abonl -the keeper's daughter;lhad happened t( leak-out? If it came to that. did no1 .. .:very one k~nowh hat, if-she chose, sln -could have a large fortune aid a hus "a mnd who was devoted to:her bysimpl3 r- a: .anrying'heri d friend, Taek Dynevoir: : .- -for, as usual,?the lookers-en saw mosi S. -of-the-ga~me. :- - S' :, he always ias h:a queetr~irl,"; siiu a . L' ady Horsham, the hostess, over: thi :.e? -tabtle-not, perhiaps, withot-t a. lhittel "feling thatt t is erther hard -to have . oar tames millionnaire annexed in this wray before really le lihas been "of -any Sgood." "And queer gils alwayns rusmt to extremes. Not tast she wiltot ebc " doingexceedingly well for herself, It \- Hush!- here she comes-and the C,: olonel i tth her.'':. , S' : The person- .who'undoulltedl ;.was m"ost surpi~sed by Lady May's conduct witlh regard to Colonel: FltzDominick w?as Jack Dyneror. What hlippened ex S ?t . ily was' this ,- , S On the first night;Jack tIok LLaiy l-ay in to ditiner. This was a piece of S good-natured but perhaps blundering management on the-part of the hostess. On thie other side of-her sat Colonel . FitmDominlek. After a brief sputter of conversation with .Tnack, she turned ud?udenly to the Colonel. and said somne -ilng in a.low voice which made Iiim .' end towards her with a laugh. Afler fthat he iaid no further attention to his laiyful partner, but devoted himself to Iidy MIay- for the rest of the dinner. :or- could all Jack's efforts induce hier :tovoucllhsafe to him more thi:n a few scattei-ed seconds of her attention. At : lrst'he was mortifidul. thlen fearful that SIn some nway he must have offendedttl 'er, and. lastly, indignant. Puttiiig aside all other consiideratiols. it ":wa not nice of lielr to int ian old frielld so completely 'tsd in iuch a marked Imntl aer. WIhlen the ladi--- were goln he vceredt round to the viv\ that llt.s wonllletl al wrays treat tlten s:tdly whom lthey reailly like. It was anr excellent sign. In the mornlnhg. l.owover. hle meceiv-eu a very decided shock, which completely ppset all his gconflidence, There were "g'?flt.'-links" it \lhl gtounds, and he ;iskeri Lady ta3y after brcatkfami, to . n'I il sorry,' sh8 replied, "but I havr promised Corohael FitzDouiinlck to give iim ia lesIWon 'nlid'you know it is of no 1 use maki ng p.p na foursome witi. a be lunner."- . - : . • J.Tlek giund his teetth, and would ° have f.l?ceeded to. dispute the lattr t statementt, but at that moment Colonel Fitzr~Duminickcame? in. Lady lMay calletd to ilm : "SMr Dynevor wanted me to play you i ratse!" she cried. mrrily. "Bont I was staCunch." - S'tOP say .Jack DSyevror was thnuder-' struck is no exaggeration. If .nay one; had told hinim Wo. inimtes before that! Lady May ll[lTer would condescenl ?to remind any ihan that she had 1proniised to teach liihin golf, he :wold ihave laughed the Idea to scorn. 'The hing was increftible. Yet Lady IMay had done it. - .Tack Tlyneror left the 'room "with a brow as black as night. IT1 lii "h xed his f:aifb on Lady May. He blit'nthought that .sei was superior to All dther wo men. t~id. lo! the Klondyke nmagician had lint to wave his golden -wand, andi she'ilirew herself on her knees before himi in front even of'tlhe nlorting i)ress of her sex. , After that he went and sulked for a while in the smoking- room. 'There he evolved the brilliant idea of asking pretty little Miss Linda TTolliott to-play golf with hini, "nst to show that lie did not care." HIaving invented suhel an ingenious imethiod of self-torture, It would, of course. have beem n pity if it had not worked well. but. ns a matter of fact. it succeeded admirably- 'He had the mis ery. of observing that -Lady May: -was entirely absorbed in her pupil,' hnd did not pay the slightest attention to the other players. This might be pique. of course, but it looked disagreeably like indifference. - Miss Ffolliott had -sharp eyes, and she soon realised that Jack was sinuglarly remiss in his attention to the game: and that his eyes were more intent on Lady May's figure than her own. She knew all about that affair, of course, and had no objection to eatching .heck's heart on the rebound 'if it could be done, but she did decidedly draw the line at being made 1 fool of. Therefore she finished the'round, and after that would play no more. - As the idays wore on, the true state of tlihe case became an open secret to the whole party "Poor old chap'" said the men. '"Why doesn't le show some spirit?" said the ladies.cspecially Miss Ffolliott. who swould have liked very well to maTrry .ack and be Lady Dyneror some day. 3eannwbile Jack had decided on flight. The usual telegram-which deceives no one under these circumstances-had ar rived, and it appeared tlht the usual mysterious "important business" re quired the presence of Mr .Tack DyneSor in town. . Of course the usnal polite suggestion and conjectures were made - what would' become of .society if these little fictions were neglected?-and it 'was thofoughly-understood. by the ladies, at inuy rate, that "poor Mr DyneTror" had been rejected by Lady May. and by the men that he had "chucked up the sponge" in favor of the Klondyke Kin. As for Lady May, she was at first serenely unconscious; then burst into sudden sobs and active consciousness, and cross-examined .Tack so closely about the telegram and the business that really it seemed quite cruel, all things considered. "Wants to keep a second string in case of accidents," was the general opinion. But when it became evident that Jack declined to respond to her raillery, and was really going, Lady May -reverted abruptly to her most scornful manner, and began to talk audibly and.with tie utmost interest-of course, to the inevit able Colonel FitzDominick-about .'the pienic which was arranged for the next day. - w This was the picture which Jack car ried away with him,/and, if he had beeti n melodramatic young man, lie would probably have gnashed his teeth over it a1ll the way to London till there were none left to gnash. .. It w?as about three months later tlat Jack Dynevor met Lady. May Helver again at a county ball. He asked her to dance-for old friendship's sake promising himself to be perfectly calm and indifferent "I have somcthiiig to tell you," she said when they paused in the waltz, "something which is a great secret, and so you must consider- it a compliment that I tell it to you." - '"You mean that I am to congratulate yon'i" inquired .Tack n .a toie that was perfectly cold, though his heart began to thump. . "Yes. Congratulate me. that is quite the word. Heartily and ever so often. Rut how on earth did you know? Did he tell you?" "And when is it to- be?" continued Jack, with the same lifeless voice and manner, ignoring the last question. "It is. Don't you understand?. It has been going on now for a month. My father has forgiven Bob. and iee arc all ShapliYp again.:' . SHe stored at her in full -bewilder m ent. What had Bob to do with her engagement to Colonel, FitzDominick, unless-- What were those stories.of girls who .acrifieed themselves for their family? Was this the touching expla nation of it all? "I tell -on," continued Ladly 3Iy, "because it is partly owing to you--ys, 1 you need not look so scared-and a coin cidence. On the first day at the IIor s shams' I was "down first to dinner. Co "lonel FltzDominick w.as second. "When t he saw me, he started and cried :out. r Then, seeing llat I-looked amazed, and 1 possibly indignant. he begged iny par 3 don, arid explained that I was so like I his own daughter, who was miles away, r that he was quite startled . Took ine t for a ghost. .1 -suppose. Well,, we t talked, and I soon saw that.he was a o good, kind, fatherly thing, and it flash et d on ite what you had said about his a being able to do things for people. Sup pose I could get lidm to do something for F Bob? Dreadfully scheming of 1me, ? wasn't it?:Well, then, at dinner, I made t bold stroke and called him 'nion pere. That:won his heart, and you know what 1 friendsT we tecame. When lie heard of e Bob's circunastanes, he proposed at r once to do something for him. Wasn't itnice of him?" - • It wonld be impossible to describe ' .TacKs feelings as the revelation In 1 folded itself. The only thing that wnas ' quite ."lear to him was that Ihe would l never, .never be able to expla;in I I her I what he had imagined-not cven if they attainemd the highlist tonfidence. It i maybe aidded that they rieached thit: period of bliss shortly aftc-rwairds. Lady Xtay was lun-lich troobhlid iliat "mon pere" was lunabll to be at helr weddinig. I1e sent a handsomil' ir Ssent, bit fel't himself ohlitled suddienly to go out to (7:aiada1 ag;in. n:Illl liis noI yet returned. Lady Hlorsla 1i and Mary 3lolletoi al ways said- S"My damr if yot had only seen thliln'. And. of coui.rse. .1 wild uiliui like II:lt Swouldn't understa ul."-"The ic Worrld." The dramatic rtii'sis of Creece have lietn Iredlned. ow-in; t to the war. to a very wretched cnn,'ition. ince tilhe ldeclration of hostiliti'e tihe:atrical per formnances have been prTolibited. The request has now been iitade to the Governnment that Iragediet's shlould he permlitted. Comedies ;.in1d fIrces werre felt to 1)e inapproprinte to tlhis time of disaster. Tile Presidcent ,.' the Coun nil, 3I. Italli. lthiough feeliny the most Slively s.iympathy with thilie anct rs, couldi not nccede "to their demanuds, )eitlause he thought- that the sohliers wilo have undergone so malnny sttfferings I'n tilhe Sield of battle miight te indignant if theatrical representntions were re newed. Eveni: thougli restrilcted to tragedies, they nlight prove a d!strac i tion. 