1 10 DEM EDEN, CHAPTEE XIX. ? She 'was not fated to remain longin ignorance of the resemblance that haunted her so strangely. She was standing on the shore one day loookiug dreamily out at the swelling, foam-catmed waves as they rolled in and broke a crystal spray at her feet, when she was startled by little Trixy's Toice, cry , . ing vivaciously — 'Oh ! Laurie, here comes mamma! Now she can see your mamma, Laurie I' Mrs, Lynn turned toward the ' ' children, and saw a fair, blue-eyed woman coming up \p them. She gazed in silence a moment, then .gave a great strangling gasp of surprise and recognition. It was , Beatrice 'Wentworth. The past rushed bleakly over Laurel's memory— the past, with all its love and sorrow and shame. The sight of this fajr woman brought it all back with terrible realism. She stood like one turned to stone, as Mrs. Wentworth came ' up' to her, a look of startled wonder .. on her lovely blonde face. ' Laurel Vane !' she cried, and put out both her hands. Laurel drew back coldly, all her self-possession returning. 'You have made a mistake,' she . said ; ' I am Mrs. Lynn.' Mrs. Wentworth colored deeply. 'I beg your pardon — you are right,' she said. ' I was so startled by your likeness to my friend that for the moment that she whose ; , name I, called you is long since ?V- numbered with the dead.' ;: . ? v 'I regret to have awakened un i * pleasant emotions in you mind,' ; said Laurel, gently, as she offered her card to Mrs. Went worth. 'You are little Trixy's mother,' she went on, smiling. ' I am very glad to know you for her sake. She and my little son are great friends.' ' You have a son ?' said Mrs. Wentworth, as she, exchanged cards ' with Laurel. She sighed heavily, and then Laurel noticed that she wore a black dress. ' Ah ! I had a son, too, Mrs. Lynn, a beautiful boy that would be as old now as jours had he lived, but he lies buried in a Spanish graveyard. My , ? little Cyril's death left an aching void in my own heart, and I have ianother sorrow too. I have, been a ? disobedient child to my parents. I never fully appreciated the enor 1 ,mity of my unpardonable fault until I had a little daughter of my own.' ? ' Beatrice spoke in a tone of dreamy sadness. She did not seem to be speaking to a stranger, but rather to a friend. The subtle likeness between Mrs. Lynn and Laurel Yane affected her strangely. \- Laurel caught at ? her words ^quickly. ' Your unpardonable fault !' she ' echoed. ' Do you mean to say. that your parents never forgave your disobedience, Mrs. Went worth ?' / Never !' Beatrice answered, with a sigh that showed how deep her pain lay. Then they were silent for a time. ' Shall you be long at the sea side ?' Laurel inquired, presently. 'A few weeks — that is all,' Beatrice' replied. 'Mr. Went worth is in London — business, you know, Mrs. Lynn. Trixy and. I cannot stay long away him.' ' You are fond of him ??' said Laurel turning her large, wistful eyes on the others tender face. The tenderness deepened in Mrs. ' Wentworth's sweet blue eyes and around her gentle lips. 'You would think so, if you knew the story of our marriage,' y she said. ' Ours was a real love match, Mrs. Lynn. It was most romantic. Some day when I know you better, I will tell it to you. It \- would furnish you with a plot for a . ~ - novel.' s 'It is very pleasant to hear of a a real love-match in real life. I suppose you are very happv, Mrs. \- Wentworth?' , ' . 'Yes, I am very happy with my noble husband,' said Beatrice thoughtfully. ' But my happiness was purchased at a bitter cost to another. I know what it is to feel the sharp sting of remorse, Mrs. Lynn.' Little Trixy came up with a beautiful, shell and claimed her mother's attention. . They went away presently, and left Laurel to her own reflections. They were 'very sweet and noble ones. She was thinking of the Gordons — long- ing ~ to reconcile them to their daughter and her husband. ' I am glad she is happy with her husband,' mused Laurel. 'Oh ! how differently our girlish con .'??' ??'???? Bpiracy resulted for her and for me! .' And yet— would I change places with her? No, hers will be the plea Bure, mine the pain !' She walked slowly back to the ; hotel, leaving Laurie to play with his nurse on the shell-strewn beach. In the hotel corridor she encoun tered some new arrivals, ladies and gentlemen, going to their rooms. V Quite oblivious of their interested, admiring stare, she passed on and . . took no notice of a pretty painted blonde face that whitened beneath all her rouge as she glared aghast and murmured huskily — . V.It is Laurel Vane or her ghost? I never saw such a terrible like ness!' . 