ROM THE WORLD 0N THE A. GREAT TOUR BY THREE ENGLISHMEN. NO. XL.I1I. UMRITSATl. We have been annoyed. Long before reaching the land of interminable gods, when ploughing the sands and moaning the absence of roads ,and kicking every boulder in excess of nasty temper, as though they, poor, unoffending, but ob structing bumps of rock were to blame, wo cheered ourselves with the thought, •‘Ah.wait till we get to India; there shall we find good roads; there are the. finest roads in the world.” At Kurachee people said, ‘‘Of course the roads are magnificent; but not just here. You will strike a pultker road at Hyderbad.” At Hyderbad it was, “Dear me, no, but from Sultker; yes, from Sukker it is like a billiard table.” ‘‘That’s nonsense,” said Sukker later on, “there are bits here and there, but— but—. Anyway, just wait till you reach Behawalpur ; there the Grand Trunk road runs right to Lahore.” Bid it? Not a morsel. The good road was a cyclists' will-o’-the-wisp. Multan was to provide us with the one thing ,praygd„fpr. Once, there was a . tan. “At r: a i win cl it runs right across the railway line," said all Montgomery. “Oh, you must go on to Meeanmeer,'’ said all K.aiwind. Patience ceased to be We trundled the railway line till we were sick of it. Wayside signallers, uncreiain whether we were a new kind of locomotive or not, waved a red flag, then trifled with the green, and ulti mately fluttered the dirty white. Being treated like a goods train ruffled us. There is a dazzling red shirt in our kit. That was our revenge. Goods passen gers. and mail trains could see the red shirt before they saw the cyclist. The whistle shrieked and spluttered, and the brake applied. “That's it, give the poor engine a rest," we said. Necks craned from the windows, and pice were gambled whether we or the mail would reach the next station first. We are truthful' chroniclers, and therefore let us confess that the mail usually won. If. however, the secret history of the Indian North-Western Railway ever comes to be written, there will he an account of mail trains delayed at some j stations five and ten minutes to allow the passengers to peep at three wild, wheelmen, who came panting behind. But in the prosaic official reports of to day it wifi probably be read that those mail trains were retarded by heavy wind and sand-storms. Eight hundred miles cycling along a ! railway track was a trifle monotonous. We got weary of the eternal expanse of I shaven earth. Even a sunset, with the I darkening of a warm purple haze through a delectable glimmer till just one bar of scraped lead rested on the | edge of the world, was regarded with a blase eve. Tired of the boiled peas and pasty bread on which Hindus sustain a ricketty manhood, we proclaimed that when we reached civilisation two cows would he slaughtered to make a gas tronomical holiday. The Hindus laughed. “Gentlemens, you are funny gentle mens. Other gentlemens they never smile, but you gentlemens make fun ; I like you gentlemens,”. When we had swallowed the piece of sugar we told about England. The Hindus crouched round and looked into our faces as though we were inspired orators. They marvelled at the smallness of England, and the necessity of having it sur rounded with a wire fence to . prevent children tumbling into the sea. At Eahvind we held an indignation meeting remarkable for its unanimity. The meeting took place on the edge of a railway sleeper, and it was proposed, seconded, and carried by acclamation, that India was a distinct frost, that three estimable cyclists had been grossly deceived, that the Indian Government should be called upon at once to provide pukker roads, that the country, instead of being sylvan and romantic, was made up of sand, railway lines, and vegetarian Hindus, that—. And just then a dust storm came raging along, like a hot, gritty London fog—that is, if a London fog can be hot and gritty— and we huddled on the leeside of the railway bank and waited an hour and a half till it was tired. Then in the darkness of night, six miles from Lahore, we at last, certainly -and with out mistake, reached the Grand Trunk Road. We had pursued it for over eight hundred miles, and we sang the Doxology. [ -Lahore is a sort of glorified Kcnsing ! ton Gardens. There seems to be no ! streets, only avenues. Such avenues. I The borders are lined with flowers. Such | flowers. And all the buildings are palaces. Such palaces. • The luscious perfumes of the eventide, strong and I fragrant, are like the whiff of a ball ! room, hot and clammy, but scenty. There is the. Mall, where everybody drives up and down in the cooling hours, eyeing everybody else with cold scorn. If you are a deputy assist.ant secretary to. a depuiy assistant commissioner it is different, and you may get a nod. Unless you are a Government official, and wear a monocle, and swear at the natives, you cannot be invited to dinner. The sight of sights is on Sunday morning, when the colony goes to the Cathedral. Then is there a glorious contest in gorgeous rai ment among the ladies; there are magni ficent barouches with magnificent horses,driven by men in startling colors, and with flunkies perched behind in more startling colors-—a perfect Lord Mayor’s Show of sumptuous silks, wood en dignity, and “the odor of sanctity’s eau-de- Cologne,” all hastening to be seech the Almighty they may be meek, and their hearts are not given to vain gloriousness. We went to the native town. It was a swift transit from Kensington Gardens to a:.coiiulomoration-^>£-Petticoat' Land Old Cairo, and a rubbish heap. The streets are narrow, packed with a ka leidoscopic throng, the air so thick you can cut it into junks, and half the flies in creation buzzing about you. When our European carriage met a Hindu car riage—a sort of cross between a Punch and Judy show and a dirty linen basket upside down, held, together with four long sticks and two trees as shafts, and generally with four passengers—the en tire traffic was blocked, for half an hour. The incessant beat of the tom-toms was like a throbbing nightmare, horrible paintings of horrible men grinned from the'walls, barbers were busy shaving a clean line across Hindu heads, fakirs, smeared with mud, which was their only attire except a club and necklet, scowled when we smiled. At every casement sat Hindu women in their finery, some beautiful, some not beautiful, greasy haired, with rings on their fingers, and toes, in their ears and their noses. In a courtyard, hung with flowers, and shaded by an awning, was bawling and instrument torturing and noisy ap • plauding. We penetrated. There was the naughty nautch dance in full swing. A crowd of amused men squatted in circles, and they banged one another about to make room for us. The orches tra worked hard and perspired freely. The Nautch girl, fat and un | graceful, also perspired' freely. She was not languid, or . poetical, or dreamy. She was just a stout woman, very hot So we came out of the oven and found the blistered streets cool by contrast. A bundle of wonderfully gabled houses split the rush of the mob in twain. On a dirty board was a dirty notice announcing- the quarters of '‘The Lahore Theosophical Society.” Over the way one read "The freshest and most pa tent medicines sold here.” The TIazuri-bagh, the summer resi dence of potential nawabs in former days, was delightful. One could breathe poetry-. There was the rustle of the thick leaved trees: the marble retreats, gleaming white; the spiral pillars, and the dainty running inlaid lloral designs; ! the blue and the gold and the green plaques; the shimmering mirrors, exqui site and graceful. The white stone and golden top of the Eanjit Singh’s tomb showed over the courtly banyan trees. We sauntered among the roses and in the shade of the palms, climbed the steps of the red mosque, and stood in the marble hall where rest the ashes of the nawab and those of his four queens and seven concubines and two doves, all sacrificed on the funeral pyre. Not a sound from Lahore. though so near. ■' trespassed on the silence. There was only some chattering crows in the high branches. It was a place l'or a man to rest in and lie contemplative and grow wise. Looking over the wall one saw Uovs playing cricket, and under ■•Wifijaron.,,, ... '.'.T.-* bicycle. ■ The Fort is close at hand, sturdy walled and buttressed. At the sate a stodgy Thomas Atkins, who spoke a mix ture or Knigiusbrutgo, Somerset, and Brecon AYelsh, greeted us. “Want to see th’ fort, gents. Hall right, you jist j toiler me. Your’e riding' rlian th«! bloomin' world, ain't yer? Strike me. but yer rum uns, look yer. Zum t'olkses likes work. Not me; no bloomin’ fear; Hi tykes hit heasy. Hindia! Oh, Hindia's hall right, look yer; that is. fur ’em us hkes it. It's a fair cough-drop a’ times; a cooker, a reg’lar knock-hout. s help me. Yer sees them pictures on 't wall. Kampagerous helephants all a’ fiting. Ain’t rhat ’un on T right givin' t'other chappies socks. That bloke in front salutin’, him on ’t bridge; lie's a Syk; fair maulers in fightin’; they can bruise, catch yer in’t wind ’an knock yer sillj. But I don't, look yer, reckons much on’t natives. Las’ week they had a. Bummydam or a Rummyzam, some re ligiousness like, and there was near some upsettin’ o’ apple carts. We hed our guns ready an’ ’ud give 'um beans hed they started hanky-jianking. Now, look here, gents. You sees that bridge. Well, when th' British cops this ’ere fort the rajah-johnnie he jimps it an' gets corpsed. An’ them Syk soldiers won't do a blessed bit o’ guard duty at night— says as how the rajah's ghost is alius abliout. So we Henglish, -look you, lies *-er i^bop guard. Seen the rajah? No sich luck. If I saws him I’d make 'im show his kit. Fine view! Yes, gents. If yer wants to yer can climb them there chimbieys.” "You mean the minarets of the mosque?’’ was hintc-d. "I don’t know what yer calls ’em; I calls ’em chimbieys.” He was a garrulous little fellow, was Sir Atkins- As we looked over the ar moury he imparted curious information about antique implements of war. He stuck a dumpy fist on a dumpy thigh, and, rubbing the back of his other dumpy list across his forehead, said, “It’s warm, gents, an’ when it’s warm it gets thirsty like. There’s the canteen, an’ there's no liobjection, mind yer, to yer goin’ in ; that is if you’ve a mind.” We hadn't a mind, and preferred inspecting the wonderful marble audience chambers, finer than anything we saw in Persia. We climbed to the top of the tower, and looked far over the land of the Puhjaub, and listened to a naive description of fort defence. "The nytives hover tyke this ’ere fort!” said our guide, with a touch of derision. ’’Look yer, we has bloomin’ pervisions fur twelve bloomin’ years. Tyke hit; ’d like ter see ’em.” One afternoon we spent in the silent l'ecesses of the Shalimar Gardens,:! kind of oriental Versailles, with big basins of fountain-spouted water, and gurgling cascades and twittering birds, and no tices that you will be prosecuted if you pluck the flowers—English (lowers— sweetwilliam, pinks, velvety pansies,fox gloves, wallflowers, cornllowers,mignon ette and weeds. In the evening we rode over to Umritsar, the St. John’s Wood of Lahore, only thirty-six miles away, and we covered the distance in an easy throe hours, with a slice of moon, which is bettor than no moon, as our lantern. For we travelled that most blessed of all roads, the Grand Trunk, and our hearts grew exceedingly light. The road is made of konker, and its nearest Eng lish equivalent is concrete. Heavily foliaged trees shelter the way, and on ■ either side are tracks for the bullock waggons, also shaded. We could sing a pcoan on the Grand Trunk. There is plenty to see in Umritsar— including a shocking statue of Queen Victoria, with a crown stuck jauntily and unrovally on one side—but after you have seen all you only remember one thing. That is the Golden Temple of Hindus. When we saw it we re canted our heterodox and unapprecia tive opinions about India. We made our pilgrimage in the early morn,when the air was sweet and the natives were busy with their ablutions, smearing themselves with caste marks, tying charms about them, and getting stuffed with holiness to last another twenty four hours. We sallied through the packed and busy streets. There was a big red stone tower, and we were salaamed into a room with rich car pets and gaudy settees, our shoes were whisked off, and our feet encased in gold bedizened slippers of green and blue, and we were asked to unload any cigars or cigarettes, for it was desecra tion to carry tobacco within the temple. Advancing in the silver light of the c-arly day, we came to a row of steps, where a stream of chocolate-stained 'humanitywas'tumbling down,’ with' a confusion of tongues and such a bewil derment of attire. A lake lay in front, surrounded by walks of white marble. A white marble archway, carved and embrasured and with dark recesses, flaunted two orange banners. A pier of white marble pushed to the centre of the lake, and on a marble floor, and resting on a shelf of marble, was the Golden Temple, a square building, or nate, embossed, with eccentric chiselling and slim pillars, delicate eaves over hanging trellised traceiy, ranges of lotus-flowered towers, and all of gold— pure, dazzling, gleaming, glorious gold; an oriental heaven, a scene that spell bound the imagination. At the bottom of the steps was a twisted tree that the worshippers touched with the tips of the fingers,then putting the fingers to the forehead. Beg gars and lamed and blind sat in rows, with' outstretched palms, moaning prayers. Hundreds of Hindus were at the water’s edge, splashing in the holy flood. We went with the surge, and were the only people not carrying The great arch with the orange ban ners had a gateway of sheeted silver on one side, and the other was of sandal wood, inlaid with ivory. As the crowd grew dense the perfume of the roses hung like a mist -in the air. At the door of the temple all prostrated and touched the ground with their foreheads. We entered and stood on one side. In the centre lay a. silken sheet piled with roses. A string of white robed priests sat around, with the chief priest at one end near the sacred book of the Sikhs, and on the covering rested wreaths of red roses. An orchestra with soft-stringed instruments played pathetic and sense-stealing sensuous melodies; and often the players joined in with the low hum of their voices. The walls were of rich red and vivid green, chased with gold, and broken into gothic vaults overhead. A damask embroidered awning swung above the priests. The crowd, demure, fantastic, earnest, walked round the priests, and threw their offerings of roses into the lap of the silken cloth. It was beautiful — this offering of the blushing flowers, the revcrence, the meekness, the atmo sphere of mysticism, the lavish, resplen dent wealth, the impressive music, the fascinating earnestness of it all. We came away speaking no words. But what a jar we received at the outer gate! There was a horde of vul tures that swung upon us. "Now, sahibs, can't I sell you some curios, some fine knives ? Here’s a knife that a Pathan committed a murder with at’ Peshawar; it's five rupees more than-, the others." "Photographs, sahibs, won’t you buy my photographs ?’’ '.'Will you come, sahibs, and see some Indian carpets ? ' -.,1 don’t want you to buy so on. we trieci to coax: them away with friendly sayings; they were confounded nuisances. But it wasc easier to coax an earthquake with tne historic. bun than to coax those fellows We said. "Well, to-morrow we will' come and buy a!! your goods." Which was a lie, for we are leaving Umritsar this afternoon. 