TiSsKEL HUBEiS IKE THAMES. r> "w Few people outside the metropolis, and not many people Londoners, knoAv that deep down beneath the bed of the Thames, for more than two years past, a little army ot' men has been busy, week after Aveek, month ajiter month, day and night, driving east and west the lay in tunnels that are destined ulti mately to connect Waterloo with the City. The outward and visible sign of this gigantic undertaking' is the immense Avooden staging which rears its contort ed form aboA'e the muddy Avaters of the river just north of Blackfriars Bridge ; and thither, one morning, recently, the Avi -iter Avended his. aaay, armed with the necessary permit to view the Avorks. There is one Avay, and one way only, to get to the tunnels, and that is by climb ing doAvn art apparently endless series of ladders, affixed against the inside of a sort of gigantic drain-pipe — technic ally termed a cofferdam — which has been sunk through the Thames mud, beneath the river-bed, deep down into the greasy, blue clay upon Avhich Lon don stands. It is an eerie feeling. The round blotch of blue sky above groAAs smaller and smaller as I descend. The darkness becomes more and more pro found. At. first the listening ear catches perforce the swish, swish, swish, of the riA'er, plashing sullenly round the out side of the big, cast- iron tube. Then silence. Then, after a long interval, the sound of aoices comes floating up from the bottom, of the well, mingled with the clanging of iron against iron, and the muffled throbbing of a pair of gigantic pumps. . . Presently I reach the foot of the shaft, and, after donning a suit of aa'orkman's clothes, plunge into one of the yawning CAVERNS THAT BRANCH OFF in either- direction. It is not an alto gether pleasant experience. At inter vals a bulb lamp throws a ghastly splotch of aa-hite against the grey con crete Avails, and makes a. feeble at tempt to penetrate a few feet into tire surrounding gloom. ElseAvhpre it is darkness — darkness that may almost be felt. It is quite dry, however; for the tunnel along Avhich I am slowly making my Avay is in reality -nothing more than a gigantic drain-pipe laid east and aarest beneath the bed of the river. Only it is an empty , pipe, into Avhich no water from, the outside is alloAved to perco late. I light a cigarette, and am beginning to feel quite comfortable, Avhen all of a sudden the two tiny steel rails that run along the centre of the floor of the tunnel begin to .quiver and hum; a red light, like unto a monster eye, appears suddenly in the near distance, and the next instant I am jerked sharply back against the Avail, and a Avhisper — aa-hich is really a shout, strangled at its birth by the approaching roar of the locomo tive — bids me make myself as small as possible. Needless to say, I obey my guide with alacrity, and- a moment later a perky-looking little engine dashes past, trailing behind it a long row of "skips" filled with freshly excavated clay. It is worked by electric power with an overhead Avire, the steel rails upon Avhich the engine runs completing the circuit, and there is much splutter ing of blue and red sparks under tire wheels as it disappears in the direction of the shaft. Twenty minutes' sharp walking, and Ave find our further progress bar-red by a solid mass of masonry— more than 7ft thick my guide tells me — in the centre cf Avhich is A CIRCULAR STEEL DOOR. This is an air-lock, and through it we must pass if Ave desire to continue our explorations; all Avork on the other side being performed under compressed air. While Ave are waiting the arrival of the lock-keeper, my guide explains briefly the system under Avhich this compressed air is employed to prevent the Avater bursting in. It is all very beautiful and simple — in theory. The engineers knoAv, or are supposed to know, how many million cubic feet of water and water bearing- strata are above their tunnel: and, to counteract the downAvard pres sure of the superincumbent mass, they pump" into that portion of the works situated between the air-lock and the tunnel-head a certain extra quantity of air. The difficulty is, of course, to know just when to stop. If you pump in too little the resultant pressure is insuf ficient, and the water comes in; too much, and you are liable to blow up the bed of the river. It is not exactly a nice sensation — that of going through an air-lock for the first time. If a\re could conceive of a man, living all his life on the top of Mount Blanc, suddenly transported to sea- 'level, it is probable he Avould suffer much as I did. A.s soon as I Avas seated in the empty lock—which .by, the Avay, is much like the interior of a big, empty boiler — and the AIR BEGAN TO RUSH IN, a series of extraordinary and exceed ingly painful sensations promptly made themselves manifest. The drums of my ears Avere forced in until it seemed as if they must burst: and my entire body /felt as if SAvathed in some gigantic, close-fitting and yet invisible shroud, AAffiich Avas being drawn tighter and tighter by a giant's grip until the blood almost ceased to circulate. But, worst of all, aara.s a horrible sense of impend ing suffocation, due to the lungs being- unable all at once to accommodate themselves to their new environment. I Avas just about to cry out that I could bear it no longer, when the rush of the incoming air-blast grew perceptibly less, and finally ceased altogether, the door opposite to that by which we en tered Avas swung open, and Ave Avere in the tunnel again, Avalking about under an air-pressure of 301b to the square inch. A feAv moments sufficed to take us to the tunnel head, where dozens of half - naked, braAvny giants are delving aAvay into the unknoAvn. There is no iron pipe aboA-e our heads noAv. Nothing but a thin layer of clay and mud, and the sullen waters of the Thames, kept from oa- erAvhelming us only by that mysteri ous, invisible, and yet fearfully potent air-pressure. By this time, however, I suffer no incoiwenience. The compress ed air has penetrated to every part of my system, the pressure within and Avithout the body is equal, and I feel practically the same as before I passed through the lock. There is a difference, however, and my guide convinces me of it by a curi ous little experiment worked by myself. He bids me Avhistle, and when I obedi ently make the attempt, I find that I cam only succeed in producing a slight, hissing sound, the very ghost of a whis tle, as it Avere. E\ddently my lungs Avere not used to expelling air under double pressure. Luckily, no small bovs are employed in this part of the tunnel, or ay hat Avould become of them under this restraint it is difficult to conceive. Another curious fact! The men find it practically impossible to boil Avater, the boiling point being 424F., or precisely double Avhat it is outside. 'A feAv drops heated to this pitch would burn one like aitriol. The passage back through the air-lock is accomplished Avithout any untoward incident, and twenty minutes later I am sitting in the private office of the en gineer of the works, jotting down a feAv statistics. The first pile of the "coffer dam" Avas, it appears, driven on 20th June, 1894, a.nd excavating- began in No vember follOAving. The tunnels are 12ft Sin in diameter, and are constructed on Avhat is known as the tubular system, i.e., each tunnel is practically one im- ' mense pipe of wrought iron, bolted to gether in segments, and lined through out v.-ith cement. The total length of the line from Waterloo to the Mansion House will be a mile and a half, and there will be no intermediate stations, and, of course, no stoppages en route.— "London Daily Mall." 