That Frenchman. [3v Wakdkbeb, Ik int. Adelaide Oburter.] 'Hullo! Whst on earth hare you been doing?' I said, a* Mr. Sharps entered my study one evening, with bis left arm in a eling, and fail coat aleere banging * empty. ' Have you been disputing the right of way with a scorching cyclist, or did you get in the toad of an iufurialel tramcar ? you'lookat pale as if you bad seen a ghost.' • No," answered Mr. Sharpe; 'I hare not been mixed op with either a bike or a tram, but I did come iuto collision with-about the toughest specimen of the genns criminal whom it has been my good or ill fortuoe to run against during my whole pro fessional career, and ss a mark of his extreme regard he gave me two beautiful stashes with a long knife which he carried, and the loaa of blood baa made me feel a trifle ahaky. The blade went right through my arm instead of my heart, for which it was intended, wounding the radial artery. Fortunately my slight knowledge of surgery enabled me to ato.p the bleed ing somewhat by means of a compress made out of my handkerchief and a cork, or by this timo I should have been measured for my coffin. As it is, the doctor has invalided me for a week, and ordered roe to stay in bed —an order which I shall carefully dis obey. A week in bed won'd kill me; besides, I am much more comfortable here.' And Mr. Sharpe sat down by the fire, and passed his pipe over to be filled. 'I have only one hand, 10 I mast ask you to load my meerschaum for me,' aaid be, 'after which, if you like, I irill tell you bow I managed to come by tbie,' touching bie bandaged arm. ' 1 hare been dying to nek you ever since you came in/ I replied, ' but 1 thought that, for profeaaional reasons you might not be at liberty to tell me. Tou must hare bad quite ao exciliog time with such a bloodthirsty ruffian. Shall I mix you a little whisky and water before you begin ? A alight stimulant won't hurt you io your pre-1 • nt state.' ' Thanks, I will haTe just a spoon ful,' answered Mr. Sharpe. ' Ah, that's better. Now, a match if you please. Thank you; that will do splendidly. Yes; you are right I had an exciting fire minutes, not with one man, but two; and but for the precaution I took of brioging two good assistants with me there would hare b> en an end of youra truly. The matter came about thus:— Pour er fire daya ago it was re ported from S. and Co.'e office that , their warehouse had beeu broken into during the prerious night, and goods atolen to the value of eereral hun dred pounds. 1 was told off for the ease, and at once proceeded to the scene of the burglary. The warehouse is, as you kuow, a very large building fronting C atreet, bat perhaps yon ere not aware that a right-of-way runs along at tbe rear of of the premises. It wss from this right-of-way, or rather through a window looking out on it, that the thieves gained an .entrance. The window, like all the others on that aide, was strongly birred, and a oigbt watchman passes the spot twice every hour, yet eucfa was the dexterity of the burglars, and ui perfect their tools, that they managed to remove three of the bars, thus making an aperture sufficiently largS to admit a man's body, aod open ■the'Window without alarming the watchman. The night was a favoor . ftble .one for their purpose, being pitch dark with a steady drizzle of rain fall ing all'the time, so that it is not to be fwondertdwt that tbe watchman did not notice the fact that tbe window .- bars had been removed. Is he trust worthy, do you say t Oh, yes per fectly! I have known him for many years, but people in hie position are liable to get a little careless when a long time faae elaeped without any depredations being com mitted en tbeir rounds. * Once inside tbe warehouse the thieves could work at leisure, and wary carefully did tbey sort out tbe must valuable and least bnlky of tbe thousands of pounds worth of stock from which they bed to choose. One of them most here been acquainted with tbn ran of the piece; for the gang went straight to the depart ment where were etored the most ex pensive silks, isoes, eta., and did not meddle with any of the cheaper lines. They must have observed, too, at what hours the watchman passed tfarongh the right of-way, for he swears that be saw no vehicle of any description there that night; and yet, from the tracks in the lane, it was plain that a cart of some kind drew up opposite the window through whioh the burglars entered, and throngh whioh the stolen goods mnst have been passed to a confederate outside. After a thorough examina tion of the premises Bnd the tracks in the lane, I came to the conclusion that three men had been at work, two who entered the warehouse, and one j who had driven the cart. The horse must have been restive, for he had pawed quite a bole in the roadway, and the prints of hie ehoee .were quite distinct. On observing the latter narrowly, I noticed a slight peculiar ity in the imprint made by the near hind shoe. From the shape of the shoe mark I could tell at once that the horse which made it had been specially shod to prevent him from ' brushing,' that ie, knocking hie hind feet together when trotting, and either by accident or dosign a corner of the heel had been cnt off, thnB leaving a peculiar gap in the imprint. That was my first clue, and a vela able one it proved. Finding that the night watchmen could give me no neefnl information, I went to the barracks sod roared the policeman who had been on the beat daring the night. He was asleep, and growled not a little at being disturbed, bnt when I explained my errand he eat up at once, aud remained for a few moments in deep thought. At last be eaid-~ ' Well, you know, Mr. Sharpe, there are thousands of carts and cabs pass ing along my beat fill a|| j,ourii B0 that if would be impossible for me to remember any one in particnlar un unless my attention were drawn to it in some way. I can't think of any euch last night, but stop-yea, there was one. The reason I noticed it was that the horse—a fast trotter—wae going at a great rate, it was getting ! near 3 o'clock, and the streets were quiet, when I heard the trap coming up.C street, and I bad a good mind to stop it and summon the driror for furious driring. There was no one in the street to get hurt, how ever, so I let him go. and just as be passed I saw that there were throe mon in the cart, which looked like one of those spriog-carts used by fish hawkers and others. The men were talking loudly in some foreign Ian guage,aud I put them down as Italian fishmongers in a hurry to get down to the market.* __ I could get do more out of the con stable, so I left to continue his inter rupted Blumbers, and proceeded to the office for the purpose of giving a des. cription of the stolen goods, for cir. culation among dealers, pawnbrokers, etc. As I went along I was turning over in my mind what the constable had told me about the three foreigners and their fast-trotting horse, and the idea began to grow upon me that they were the very men who had burgled 8 and Co.'a warehouse. Of course yon will asy I had no reason able reason for coming to that con clusion, and no do doubt yon are Tight, but the thing bad got into .my head and there it stuck. However, I! had little time during the next two days for theories. Calling in the as sistance of some of the other men, I j searched the dwellings and rooms of J every crook whom I knew to be in the city, but got nothing bnt abase end protestations of injured in nocence for my pains. Oo the second night, just as I was going home knocked up and out of temper, a note was brought to tbo offiee for me by a boy, who handed it to the clerk and j vanished instantly. I knew the writ ing directly I saw it as that of Slippery Jim, a most notorious scoundrel, who is band-and-glore with most of the thieves in the city, and informs on them all imp.rtially when he has anything tn gain by so doing He has several timos before given me reliable tipsaboot his fellow-criminals Indeed, he would not dare to supply misleadiog information; and in the present instance bis note, altboogh laconic and couched in enigmatical language, was sufficient to show me that the instinct which eannected in tny mind the three foreigners in the •pring-cart with S ,0d Co.'a burglarly was not at fault. Jim's note was ss follows :— 'What price New Caledonian es-, oapeeer* That waa all. There me oo signature, bnt I new the scrawl- j ing band of my correspondent For J Dome time I set reflecting whet this more on Jim'e pert might mean. It wee joet poesible that he had been implicated in the burglar}' himself, end wished to threw the polios off the soent; bnt I abandoned that hypothesis, as I had not only searched his place carefully without finding anything, and he bad swora he could prove where he had been all that night. I need not toll yon that I did not take hie word for that, bnt on making inquiries I found that be had told the truth for once in his life. I was therefore inclined to believe that a gang of foreigners—or, as Jim put it, French eecapees from the penal settlement at Noumea—were working in the city, a fact which would naturally rouee the patriotic instincts of Jim and his friends, who wanted all the epoils which could be got for themeelvee. Ton may not be aware of the fact that we have many of these eecapees in our midst, but such is the case. Some there are who are well known to ue; but bb they have lived here for years and led most exemplary lives we have let them alone, not wishing to send them back to the hell upon earth whence they came. Others there are whose conduct here hue not been eo good, and theee we find it necessary to de port at intervale to New Caledonia, It moat be comparatively eaey to eecape from there, however, for new escspee9 ere continually coming, some of whom bavo made the pas sage before, not once, bat twioe or thrice. Like most people of other nationalities they live spsrt from the English-rpeaking eection of the com munity, so that it ie not difficult to find them if they are wanted. Now, there is one of the decenter class of the escapees whom I have known for eome years, a hard-working man, who has married here and is bringing np bis family irreproachably, who h as often given me valuable information as to the movement of such of his countrymen as were wanted by the police, and to him I determined to go first thing in the morning. Accord ingly after an early breakfast I took a cab end drove out to tho suburb in whioh he lives. Being fearful that any of his com patriots might take fright if I were seen going to hie house, I pulled np at a hotel some dietanoe from it, whence 1 sent him a note by the landlord's son, telling him to come and see me. In a few minutes be appeared, and, when we were closeted in a private room, I asked him if he knew any late arrivals among his countrymen who would be likely to go in for burglary on a large scale. ' Ah, mon Dint!' he replied, ' there is one. Ah ! the villan ! le $eelerat! the worst man in all Noumea, lie tried to murder me before I left the island, and has tried many times to kill any warder who may punish hitn. He has been flogged —potif\—a hun dred times, and now he has escaped and come here only one week ago. Many times since he came I thought I would send word to you, my friend; but I thought again I will wait—per haps Achilla may give up his wicked ways and work hard, and then it would be a pity to send him back yonder;' and the poor fellow shuddered at the thought. I questioned him further, and ascertained that Achilie—whose surname was Lemaitre—was living with another Frenchman, who osten sibly got a living by hawking fish, bat was shrewdly suspected of adding to bis gains by appropriating anything he could lay bis bands on. . I could not conceal my esgeruesB as I asked if this man possessed a spriugcart and a fast horse, and when on receiving an answer in the affir mative I jumped up and nearly em braced the little Frenchman, be looked at me as if he thought I bad taken leave of my aenses. ' Monsieur is very strong,' he said, nursing his bsnd, which I bad wrung with unintentional ferrour. « f would like to see Monsieur sqneere tbe life out of that eacre cochon Achilie. But be very careful, fur Achilie is bendy with his knife, and it is always sharp. See,' pulling open bis shirt and show ing a long red acar on his ribs, ' there is bis mark. Tbe knife slid along the bone, or*—and be jerked bis thumb towards the ceiliiig. I asked my friend if be could belp me to get a look at the suspected man's bone without any one beiug the wiser, and be said nothing was easier. He him self would go and borrow the borse and eart, and I could examine b ,th at my leisure. I promised to reward him liberally for bis trouble, and away he went, to return in less than an hour with the turnout. I bad taken exaet measurements of the hoofuiarke in tbe lane behind S and Co.'e, and you can imagine my glee and satisfaction when I found tbat they corresponded exactly with those made by the Frenchman's hone eren to tbe little corner which was cut off the near shoe. Had there been only one man to deal with I would hare goue at once and searched the fishmonger's house for the stolen property, but as there were two at least, with tbe probability of a third, I deemed it wiser to procure assis tance, rnd well for me it was that I did so. Telling my friend - to keep bis toDgue quiet, and not to return tbe borse and cart for two or three boun, I sprang into my cab and made for the office as fast as the hone coold trarel. On arriving there I sought the chief and unfolded my tale, upon which l.e told me to take as many men as I wanted, gets search-warrant,and proceed as quickly as possible to the acene of action, as the goods might be shifted at any time. Bearing in mind the desperate character of one at least of the men with whom I had to deal, I chose the two moat power ful men in the office; then, baring secured my search-warrant, drore straight to the Gab hawker's house, which was situated not far from that occupied by the man who had giren me the information. We were all well armed, but hoped that onr num bers and size—for all three were big men—would bring the Frenchman to terms without the use of weapons But we did not know fjemaitre, We halted our cab eome distance from the bouse and proceeded on foot On reaching the place I sent one of the men round to gnard the back door while land the other knocked at the front, Ko reply waa Touchsafed to our first summons, but 1 could hear distinctly eome persons whispering iu side the house. I knocked again more loudly than before, and in sj minute or two I heard a step coming along the passage. The door was then unlocked and opened by a man whom I rightly judged to be the owner of the horse and cart. He must hare koown us, for he imme diately tried to bang the door to again but I had alipped my foot in as soon as it was opened, ee that he could not shut it. • Vat you mean ? Vat you rant berpf he cried, ecowliDg at me. ' I hare a warrant here to search your house,' 1 replied, ' and I am coming in to execuie it.' Mitte tonnerra! You no come in my bouep,' he yelled. 'Acbillie! Ces mat del tacrvet moucharde, a moi; rite /' and I could hear the rapid steps of another man coming. It was no time to mince matters, so my mate and 1 threw ourselves against the door, which we burst open, and the next moment we were engaged in a terrific hand-to-band- combat in the passage. At the door opened the men who was holding it was jambed against the wall, and leaving bim for my mate, I sprang forward to encounter the re doubtable Aehille. I scarcely had tim6 to eee that he was a man cf medium height but of enormously powerful build before we were locked together in a deadly struggle. I am not a weak man, but I aoon found that my antagonist was far my superior in mere Btrenglh. fits arme closed round me like a vice, and prevented me from getting at my revolver, and for a moment IthcngLt he would crush my riba in. I found be knew nothing of wrestling, how ever, so making a might? effort T put the inside crook on him and threw him with all my weight. As he touched the floor he suddenly let me go, and, drawing a long dagger knife from hie sheath at bis hip, made two lunges right at my heart, but I managed to'eatch them in my arm in stead, at'the same time drawing my revolver. I had not time to use it though, for jnat then our third man appeared on the scene, haring burst open the back door, and sent Aehille to sleep with a tap on the head from the butt'of his revolver, just as hie knife was about to descend for the third lime. Perhaps it might hive found a vital spot that time. As it was it wbb touch and go, for I bled like a stuck pig. AH this takes a long time to tell, but it only lasted a few seconds. 1 In fact when Mpore came and relieved me of Achille's pressing attentions my other assistant had only just succeeded in handcuffing his man. Uaving secured the two desperadoes so that they could give no more trouble, we searched the house and found all the goods stolen from 8 and Co'e., together with many articles the proceeds of other robberies. We have not yet arrested the third man, but there'is every bopo that he will be found within the next day or two. As for Aehille, he will not grace . this gaol with liis presence very long, as the authorities in Noumea are anxious for his return thither to 'explain a little matter 'of cutting ja warder's throat before he took his departure for this country, and no doubt he will hare the opportunity of illustrating in his own proper person—with the aid of thejguillotine—the manner in which the deed was done. And now seeing that ia 12 o'clock, 1 think I must obey the doctor's instructions and go to bed. Good night. Well, yes; just a nightcap, to keep me from dreaming of Aehille and his knife. And Mr. Sbarpe, having imbibed, departed whistling the ' Marseillaise.' 