ENTERTAINMENTS. MR. GEORGE DARRELL. The management of. the Theatre Royal announce that they have completed arrangements with the well-known actor and author Mr. George Darrell to play a star engagement, commencing on Saturday next, June 5. The opening production will be the popular Anglo-Australian drama "The Sunny South," in which Mr. Darrell made his first success in Lon- don. The play has been presented in America, South Africa, and for over 900 times in Australia and New Zealand, and it will be mounted on the local stage with entirely new scenery and effects. THE DAMPIER COMPANY AT FREMANTLE. "Hamlet " was the piece selected by the Dampier Company to open their second season at Fremantle last evening. The company was accorded a hearty welcome by a well-filled house. Mr. Alfred Dampier in the title role sustained the high standaiid of acting which is characteristic of each of his impersonations. Mr. Duggan as Polonius, Mr. Appleton as Claudius, Mr. Rolf a3 Laertes, and Mr. "W. H. Smith as Horatio ably supported their principal by consistent erccel'ence in their respective parts. Miss Katherine Russell as the Queen was eminently successful, and Miss Rose Dampier's Ophelia left little to be desired in general ability. Mr. Holloway's "ghost" and Mr. Bullers first grave digger were capably acted parts, and the play ran with much smoothness throughout. To-night " A Royal Pardon," from the pen of the late Henry Pettitt, will be staged. This play had the unique record of being produced in three London theatres at one time. Mr. Dampier appears in four distinct characters, viz., that of "Job Tatterag" (an inebriate), "Fitzroy Grosvenor " (a crushed tragedian), "Victor Mouchard " (an aged Frenchman), and "A Deformity." Monday will ba the last night of the season, when " East Lynne " will bo produced CREMORNE THEATRE. The farewell performance of Rickards* Tivoli Co. was made last night to a largo house. The last appearance of the several artistes were greeted warmly, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Mannix, " My Paney" and the Leslie Brothers coming in for the principal share of the applause. It was announced that Mr. Godfrey's benefit will take place in the Cremorne theatre on Wednesday night next, June 2. On the night of Saturday, June 5, Mr. Chas. Harper will re-open Cre- morne with a variety company, which will include several of Rickards' Tivoli Co., which has just concluded such a highly' successful season. THEATRE ROYAL. The last presentation of " Queen's Evi- dence" took place at the Theatre Royal last evening, when a large audience signified their approval of the production in the loudest applause. This evening Robertson's ever popular comedy-drama, "Caste" will be staged, with the full strength of the Stanford-Barnps Company. The rule of Eccles will be essayed by Mr. N. A. Meymott, who has scored decided successes in character delineations in this city. The management promise to produce the piece in first-class style, and it should prove a great attraction. SACRED CONCERT AT FREMANTLE. In the Fremantle Town Hall Miss Ghiloni will to-morrow evening present an attractive programme to her audience. In addition to the popular artistes who usually figure at these entertainments, Mr. Cha*. Price is announced to make his debut on the West Australian stage. Among the chief additions to the industries of Subiaco, which during the last eight months has become a populous centre, is the sawmill and steam ioinery works of Messrs. Whittaker Bros., who. since starting business, have been rapidly enlarging the resources of their establishment. They have recently im- ported moulding, planing and improved joinery machines, capable of turning out the best class of work in great variety, for the supply of con tractor's material, The attention of the build- ing trade is drawn to the advertisement of the firm in this issne announcing the lines which the firm is prepared to supply. Inspection of samples is invited. The work is prepared under the personal superintendence of the principals, who, as practical builders have a special ex- perience of architectural requirements. All cation is directed to Messrs. B. C. Wooc and Co.'s auction at the Mechanics' Institut« to-night at 8 o'clock, when thgy will offer the Laojleat Estate ia sub-divisioni. Tiiiî e3tats ¡3 situate ia South PerSi, and is within easy wallang- distance of the Causeway and Caole atreet jetty. A regular ferry servies is now established with South Perth, and will be peimanentj The terms of sals are-Oie-fi'th casu, and the balaace by bills aj¡ 3, 6, 9, »ni 12 1 meath*, withgut inters»1 