A Night Sketch. D. MARTIN. The wind was the main feature of the night; it howled and whistled through the ventilators, and to the solitary occupant of the lightroom it seemed as if the tall, mas- slvely-built tower could not stand against It. He could feel the leaden floor vibrate to 1U stronger gusts, and beneath the light room, In the body of the tower, it was creating noises weird and appalling. He (was possessed of a strong imagination, tainted with superstition, and the long hours of the middle watch had awakened it, until, to his excited brain it seemed as if the ghosts of all the keepers who had ever ■watched in that tower had met and were holding carnival on the landings and stain beneath him. He even fancied that their ghostly hands werS trying to lift the heavy trap-door, and he could hear their mad peals of laughter in what he had thought before was merely the sound of the wind. He pressed his face against the glass and looked out. The night was pitch dark, the sea as black as ink, and the rays from the lantern stood out in bold relief, looking like nothing so much as the spokes of a gigantic wheel, the tower being the centre and the black horizon the rim. The flagstaff was directly in front of him, its ropes clustered with birds, and on the top a large white crane was standing iwith wings folded and neck outstretched, and as the light of a beam fell full upon it every snow-white feather seemed turned to flame. Some dim Scriptural remembrance stirred his brain, but the light flickered and he turned to attend to it. In looking into the storm he had half for gotten the ghostly revellers, but once In tho light again, with no glimpse of the outer .world, his terror returned in double force. He could now distinguish the tramp of heavy footsteps coming nearer and nearer the trap, and he sprang to the door opening on to the balcony, some mad idea of spring ing over the rail coming to him. This time they were lifting the trap, and he pushed frantically at the solid little door, but, being about a foot thick and the wind blowing dead against it, it resisted his shaking hands. Tho trap fell back on its hinges, •nd he stared at it with the light of madness in his eyes, only to see a familiar bearded face rise through the opening. The revul sion of feeling wan so great that he let the door handle slip from his grasp and broke Into wild hysterical laughter. " Good Ood ! he's off bis chump," said the new comer. " What's the matter, Bill ?" But Bill stopped laughing and answered : " I don't know ; I was going mad. 1 think. Did you see any of the ghosts ?" " The ghost* 1" said the other, wonder ft* , ' -; " Yes, listen to them. Don't you bear .. them running about below ? ' " The wind," said the bsarded one. " It's ■ always like that these nights. You're not the only new chum who's been nearly ecired to death. There was a littlo fellow here Ipnce, a Scotchman, and one night I was Just In time to prevent him from throwing Ijim aelf off the balcony." " That waa what I wes go.'ng to do, only I couldsv't open the door." " You'd have broken yourntck, old man ; it's about 50ft. to the ground. Let's have a look at "the night." . ' ■ " - He pushed the little dcoccpen, and they stepped out, closing it after th.m. Such a mad.whirl of winds, such'a thunder of In visible waves. Keeping a strong grip of the rails they faced the sea, their backs to the wind, when suddenly came a mighty crash and a sound of falling glass. "My God !" shouted the experienced keeper, rushing back into the lightroom, followed by the " new chum." A flock of wild ducks had crashed through the quarter-inch plate, glass. One quick glance at the costly lantern assured him of its safety, and he tore off his overcoat and turned his attention to the window. The wind had rushed through the shattered pane, and was blowing the light dangerous ly, and Into the aperture he stuffed his coat, shouting to Bill to bring a pair of blankets. It seemed an age, and his arms were aching when the other keeper rushed in, bearing • large gray double blanket. In a few. minutes this was nailed securely over the pane, and he pulled his coat away. "All right," he said cheerfully." Lucky it was on the land side. The light won't hurt mow." They stayed gossiping for about an hour about it, and when at last they separateJ, Bill had got half-way down the stairs before he remembered the ghostly keepers, and he turned to his companion with a slight laugh. " Odd how the wind sounds at night, isn't it ?" And the otter answered indifferently, for lie knew nothing of Bill's terror of an hour before : te drive a fellow 