In the Greenroom. The "Biographe" at Cremorne should prove successful in hauling in shekels for its enterprising importer. Mr. Charles Harper. Fitzgerald Bros, opened in Coolgardie 011 Monday night to 2000 people. As their prices on the goldfields range as high as ten shillings, they must be making a small fortune. Madame Amy Sherwin successfully inaugurated her Brisbane season last week. The Rosa Conroy Dramatic Company is playing "A Cruel Wrong " at the Alexandra Theatre, Melbourne. T, r, v , , . R G. Knowles will play m pantomime at the Prince of W ales Theatre, Birmingham, this season. Harry Rickards is now running 110 fewer than five theatres in three different capitals. Sydney is represented by the Criterion, Palace, and Tivoli, Melbourne by the pera House, and Adelaide by the Royal. Carl Hertz has been playing to large houses in Broken Hill. The Flying Jordans are doing excellent business in New Zealand. Dampier and family left Sydney 011 Wednesday, for London, by the " Erinia." Miss Edith Crane will re-visit Australia shortly with a company of her own. The impression that English dramatists and actors are complaining about "the invasion of American actors and dramatists" into that land is erroneous (says a New York theatrical journal). On the contrary, it adds, they seem to be in a mood to profit from the iuvasion, as the American theatre has profited from English examples. Miss Dorothy Usher, who came to Austialia with Mr. Nat Goodwin, but left during the Melbourne season, will shortly tour America in a musical comedy, entitled " Els where." Miss Lilian Tree appeared at the Sydney Tivoli last week. Miss Ada Colley is maki don. Tommy Hudson and mania, prior to their Ind Miss Ada Rehan, the American 1 :tres3, will pi t:\ili 1 long, in charge Several Australian favorite! London Oxford. They include Chirgwin (the White- eyed Kaffir), G. Kuowies (the peculiar 9omedian), ai Miss Billie Barlow. Charlie Godfrey has so fir improved in health that he has been able to appear, at the Oxford Music Hall, London. Mr. Arthur Deane goes to America next year, under engagement to Colonel Cameron, for an operatic season in conjunction with Madame Emma Eames. Miss Florence Wilton, who did a short season in Australia a couple of years ago, is engaged for principal boy at the Comedy, Manchester, this Christmas. Here (says ''Sunday Times') is a tale, told of Clarence Holt, Bland s beloved pater. He was playing Macbeth at the old Princess' one night, and was thrown into a great rage by the forgetfulness of tiie property man, who had neglected to provide the necessary " blood" in which Mac. had to steep his hands after the murder. " Blood 1" shrieked the tragedian to the horrified menial, "where in the name of all that's fiendish is the blanky blood?" There was no blood and no time to be wasted, so the actor, with magnificent presence of mind, drew off, and lauded the property man heavily on the nose. Then there was blood enough for a dozen Macbeths, and Clarence pranced on the stage again, taking up. his fines : "I've done the deed, didst thou not hear a noise ?" but it was the profane voice of the property man inviting Holt to " come off and be smashe.i!" He went off eventually, and was smashed in a furious one-round battle. The manager of an American Company, recently in Sydney, thus writes to the York "Dramatic Mirror:—"Australian productions, as far as scenery goes, are mounted.. better than in America. All, theatres are devoid of stock Scenery. _ Each ' company carries its own." ' " MiBs Hilda Spong (according to a writer in the latest London " Sta'ne^jhas signed pi Bix months' engagement with - Messrs. Dibn Boucicault' and - Arthur Chudleigh, who. will shortly commence a season at the Court. I am very glad to iearo this, he says, because it will give Miss Spong a ' chaiice ol-: appearing in comedy, which, judging'from her work in London, I .niaintain'Hhould be her forte. ; , ' ' Grattau Riggs commenced , a Brisbane season at the Opera House last week with " The Irish Detective." The Knighib-Farrar Company will go to New Zealand at Christmas with "The Sign of the Cross." The Paulton-Stanley Company have gone to New Zealand. Miss Ada Delroy has told an interviewer that in old-fashioned pantomimes the " principal girl" was expected to stick to her lines, but it is not so now. For instance (she says) my sister-in-law. Miss Marie Loftus, makes a great deal of her own part herself. I had more confidence in those early days than I have now, although I don't show nervousness. I am exciteable and anxious for everything to be right. If "Hamlet"' were being put on I should probably want to play Hamlet and Ophelia and Claudius and Tiie Ghost, and then I should fret because I couldn't play "'the skull"—not from greediness, merely from anxiety. Ye Olde Englyshe Fayre at Fremantle contintues to secure liberal patronage. A remarkably successful concert was given at Fremantle Town Hall on Tuesday evenjllg. Miss Elvira Lee and Mrs. W. E. Oldham were the most successful singers, 6 Mr. Pat Finn is receiving subscriptions towards the fund for the erection of a tombstone over the grave of the late \Y. Jinkius, business manager of the Rickards Company, in Perth. The Apollo Club gave a successful concert on Eight Hours' Night, at the Fremantle Town Hall. Misses Isabel Reid, Edith Legge, and Messrs F. Ferguson, W. Longstaff, Arnold Bill, W. Willis, and J. B. McDonald were the principal vocalists, whilst the pianoforte recitals of Mr. Eves, and the labors of the orchestra under the baton of Mr. Clough, were also appreciated. Mr. James Morgan, the suave and enterprising manager for the Ada Delroy Company, left 011 Wednesday afternoon for Coolgardie to arrange for the Company's goldfields tour. When the Ada Delroy Company were in South Africa—where by the way" they will shortly go a,'ain—they played in a Dutch village called Worcester. When the curtain rose, Mr. James Bell came on as usual with his " Senegambian oddities," but failed to raise even a smile. When Miss Dilroy danced her cobra dance, the whole audience burst iuto roars of laughter and encored her and over again, much to the little "ismay and resentment. Afterwards •ed it was the funniest thing they But see Bell's jokes ? couldn't. 