SPORTING. Mr, W, E, Dakin ia well ia advance ol time with his weights for the handicaps in conneotioa with the Mount Gambler winter meeting, They will be found in another oolumn. Athletes are reminded that nominations for the Penola Foresters' handicaps are due I to«day, , Qonventloner has been nominated for the Y R C Grand National Hurd'eraoe. For the SA.J.0 Jubilee meeting Hard Crbb hai bten nominated in the Hurdleraoe, and Yount; Luoifor, Minstrel B >y, Stookimsa, Semaphore, and I,X L, ate among the entrants for the Sfceepjeohape. At the Birthday meeting of the Adelaide Rnoing Club Mr. X>. JAroes was the largest winner, with *810, The two victories of atoaldogs place Mr. H, A, Morris second on the list, with £4?5. The Bum of £18,940 was invested in the totalizator on the last day of the A.R C. meeting. The amonnt put through during tho three days totalled £41,034, being oloae on £9,000 less than last year, A raoe meetiog was held at Moonee YaMey on Saturday afternoon amid most delightful weather, His Graoe woo tho Maiden Hur. dleraoo, Perfeotion the Trial Steeplechase, Fernbauk the Hurdleraoe, Oootor the Stee plechase, ICingBley the Langwarrin Handicap, and Wolf the Welter Handicap. In the Steepleohase Leap Year fell and broke his neok, A, Williams, who rode him, escaping unhurt. Howie, the jookey, got a bad fall off U.Z, in the Hurdleraoe at Adelaide on Saturday. Ho was pioked up unconscious and by last accounts remained in that condition, Bemal gave A. Ellis a fall in the A,R C. Steeplechase on Saturday by which he broke his collar-bone, G. Ohlaen, a Melbourne jookey, died in tho Adelaide Hospital on Saturday morning through taking an overdose of morphia, whioh he took to promoto sloop, Muoh satisfaction was felt here on Satur day when it became known that Stookinga had won the A.EG. Steepleohase for Mr. H. A, Morris, who, until he won the Selling Steepleobase a few days before had not had muoh luck with the horse, Stookings, who is by Hamlet's Ghost (a son of Hamlet) from Miss Twist, was pioked up by Mr, T. O. Wheeler, who took a fanoy to him. He put him into training and won a raoe or two with him, and the ohesnut gave promise of developing into a useful animal, but he turned roguish. After running indifferently at the last Mount Gambier winter meeting Mr. Wheeler, in a fit of disgust, resolved to sell the son of Hamlet's Ghost without ro« serve. He then beoame the property of Mr. Morris, who bought him for a few pounds, and he still owns him, Now that Stookings has found his way to the winning post it is not unlikely that he may place othor steepleohaseB to the oredit of bis owner, Merrijig, whose aire (Merrimu) was sold at auction last week for £0, won a double-the Trial and Welter Handicaps-at Sandown* park on Thursday, R,A,, by King of the Ring, won the Hurdleraoe, Spray the Flying Handioap, Beverly the Park Handioap, And Blaok Harry the Jumpers' Mat Raoe. The Adelaide jumpers, Eolipso and General Gordon, are to be sent to Melbourne. JOB Thompson, the Australian bookmaker, lost nearly £10,000 over the recent Lincoln shire Handioap and Liverpool Grand National Steeplechase. So he says. Bookmakers, for reasons of their own, are not averse to in flating their losses, 