CETJMBS. Laughing Peacock. Activity in lacrosse. Mr. Justice Russell. Peacock—Ha! ba_! ha! The Premier President. Hope for those explorers yet. Acting Chief Justice Boucaut. Have you beard Peacock laugh? Arthur Searcy, Commissioner of Taxes. Phylloxera-resisting vines for the other colo The Great Boulder rich with the precious metal. Australians entering the English marriage market. Mr. Andrew Scott the head of the Training ° Mxf Resell was Commissioner of Taxes for ^(Jharley has promised to be ft good boy in Any amount of entertainment for the visit '"^edemtion" firstly, federation secondly, fede ration thirdly. . Piayford has been a conspicuous success as Agent-General. , A thing to he heard to be realized JNlr. Peacock's laugh. . R A hundred miles on a Triumph cycle in l> hours 56 minutes. Mr. Magarey still hopeful of the explorers ^Was the solitary elector of Mount Ebft also ^Tomdossuotfwanfe to be tied down to serve another full term. Pigfooder at the Parkside Lunatic Asylum missing Ominous! . -.r. Splendid copper specimens from \t aria Warva, uear Farina. All the grandsons of Charles Dickens bear the name of Charles. _ . , J. H. Angas lias given 100 guineas to the Indian Famine Fund. . "When a Federal talker becomes hoarse he is to he sent to the Zoo. Hon. J- H. Howe has consented to stand lor the LegislativeOouncil. The Lady Inspector of Schools began her new duties on Monday. . Who will occupy the seat in Parliament to be vacated by Harrold? . A. L. Harrold will have to give up his seat forTJorth Adelaide. Minchin, of the Zoo, has sent complimentary tickets to the Federal visitors. New Zealand sends Maoris. Cannot Charley raiso an aboriginal contingent? What will Australia do if everybody is going home to the jubilee celebrations? The Bulletin remarks that the sign ot tne cross went bRck on the Cardinal. _ Gorman dentists are now using glass for stopping teeth in some instances. _ Thirty-seven Churches in America have been built by coloured Catholics? Australian brandy placed in the same cate gory as Kartell's and Ilennessy s. Charley has offered to rub noses with Chaffoy, Symon, and the Register. Over 1,000 varieties of post cards have been issued in the world within 35 years. Will the Federal Convention provide for the expenses of Australia's Privy Councillor?. Life is too short for yabber; lets have straight talking, ye Conventioners. Gladstone feels the pulse of the Sick Man of Europe with a prophetio forefinger. Eh, inon, but there's gaun to be a great claver, ye ken, ower the Convention. No triumphant arches erected, no bolls set rintrina; no, not even a military display. Adelaide Mining Exhibitors won two gold medals at the Melbourne Mining Exhibition. Hope springs eternal in the human breast, Man never is, but always to be blest. Fancy the parsons taking it in turn to say the prayer before the opening of the Conven tl Doctor to a gouty patient—You must make your will, as then you will find your leg at eaMv. Foster, M.P., says farmers speak well of the seed wheat supplied by the Govern mThe wealth owned by negroes in the United States is officially estimated at something like ^Tho"colonial Premiers invited to London have been elected honorary members of the is deemed probable that there is around the North Pole _ a land area ot about 4,000,000 square miles. _ . Svdnov Premier thmkB it improper that any Promier'should aspire to the chair. \\\ ho said that any Premier did? . , Downer chaffed Charley about being the first to create the differences, and tben willing to forget and forgive. Charleston considers the so-called Liberal Party are well represented in the ten a. A. Convention delegates. A Now Zealand politician wants to wear the Premier's mantle, so that he may accept Joe Chamberlain's invitation. Fitzsimmons retires from the Ring, and Maher going to have a go with Sliarkey to 'iC'sU w.i« jM-ftjr 50,000 cuttings of the American phylloxera resisting vines from France. , . , Five hundred and thirty-six Per the British array in India incapacitated by variouB forms of contagious diseases. Is it a healthy sign when ao many Churches have to depend on entertainments, socials, and concerts for current expenses. Tin Mr Povnton's abortive efforts to enter the Federal Convention legally constitute him •' an abortionist" in the eye of the law. Before the laying of the first American cable, gutta-percha could be bought for -s. 9d. par lb., but now that price has been almost tT\t is possible for auy Chinaman, on the navment of a sufficiently. large «i«i of S™ to become a deity m the Celestial ^Th'eChinese cultivate dwarf oaks and pines, n»rfect treesiu every particular, but from 6 m. to 1 ft. high. The result is attained by root ^kilison's great-grandfather lived to the age of 106 Hie grandfather died at 103, and one of his aunts at 108, while is own father is still alplvst9A. W. Bray, W. H. Hodge, J. G. Teukins. W. Oorly Butler, and some Wes Ieyau Home missionaries leave for the West °n^chdeacon Whitington. of Tasmania, who at one time was Sub-Editor ofthe teytster, was asked to beoomo a candidate for ConvenLon.^, ^ . ?tor of the Martini rifle chief of the machinery works, M&rtini; and'Co., Frauenfeld, died on January 29 at to. more respect than another it was Patrick, said C. C. K. What about St. Andrew on the Scotchmen's day out? Ia 1832 the quantity of coal used for gas making in Great Britain was nearly five million tons; in 1895 the quantity used was ! nearly twelve millon tons. The will of the late Mr. William Patterson, of Rockhampton, one of the Mount Morgan aries, has boon lodged for probate. The estate is valued at £447,000. "We want to prove to them that we are as proud of them as we believe that they are proud of us."—Joe Chamberlain speaking of the colonies at Birmingham. Some wicked rascal has suggested that the reason why our Premier has not announced his docision about that iuvitationis that otherwise the ship he honours would be rushed. At least 500 years before the Christian era the Egyptians had axes of various styles, chisels, mallets, planes, aud Baws, together with levels, rules, rollers, wheals, aud pulleys, j " Tho great governing race that is predes i tined to spread over tho habitable globe, and | to enter into relations with all the countries of tiie earth. - .T-jc Chamberlain 011 the British race. In the-Congo Territory the land owned by the Belgian Congo Commercial and Industrial Company stands in the Company's books at 2d. per acre. Actual sales have been effected at this price. " The election of Mr. Kingston as President of the Federal Convention is by far the best thing that could havo happened for tho peace and the success of that important body. —So says the Anjus. Cornelius Vanderbilt is considered to be tho good young man of the Vanderbilt family, of whom a witty clergyman remarked that he would undoubtedly be the Vanderbilt's family representative in Heaven. "I am equally strong in the conviction that the direct claims of the ministerial office are more than sufficient to occupy the time and energy of any man as the solo purpose of his life."—Archdeacon Whiting ton. The Labour Party had been charged with being creatures of the Ministry, but if the Government did not give Corp'orationa justice in this matter they would help to turn them out of office.—Thus speaks Tom Price, Lord Palmerston'B growth was very slow; he was over 50 before he was recognised by the people as a statesman of the higher class at all. He was 70 before he became Prime Minister, and SO before he attained his greatest popu larity. The largest proportion of single persons is found in Iroland and Scotland, and the smallest in tho United States. In Ireland 67 percent., in Scotland 65 per cent., but in tho United Stetes only 59 per cent, are in that condition. A gold vase weighing two pounds has reached the British Museum. It was found by a native while diving for sponges off the Island of Samoa. It is supposed to do all that remains of a Roman vessel wrecked 2,000 years ago. It is believed that the Australasian Govern ment are not disposed to make any joint provision for paying Mr. Way for his services as a Judge on the Privy Council so long as he continues to hold the office of Chief Justice of South Australia. A proposed law that any new building erected in London shall have its front not less than 20 ft. from the middle of the street has brought out tho fact that there are in tho heart of the oity thrty-two miles of streets less that 40 ft. broad. The Prince-Regent of Bavaria is said to set the world a good example by giving presents on his birthday, instead of roceiving them. One hundred bottles of diphtheria serum for a children's hospital is the last of these odd birthday presents of his. Chicago is the homo of large givers, as Boston remembered when its great library received §10,000 from a Chicago woman. The money is to found tho " Longfellow Memorial Collection" of rare editions, espe cially of American poetry. Ceremonialism in China is said to be carried to such lengths that it is necessary for Ambassadors to practise the required evolu tions for weeks before presentation to the sovereign. Politicians would be most experi enced in the art of turning somersaults. At a low estimate, the manufacture and sale in Europe of dolls of average size exceed 26 millions per annum. Jumeau, of Paris, alone makes 2,000 dolls a day, nearly all of consider able size, and there are many other European houses which manufacture large numbers. Heard at the fireworks when the design "Federated Australia" was being displayed.— Pessimist—"Yes, that's about rightj will all end in smoke and fizzle." Optimist— "Federation is but infancy in its cradle, and good and trusty hands are needed to rockit." We saw the people full-dressed and half dressed, one peasant having a pair of wide drawers like a divided skirt, and a pair of long boots, while tli9 rest of his attire had probably been blown away. When they were in even ing dress were they undressed, Mr. Flecker? New Zealand Premier justifies the sending home of a contingent of cavalry and a body of Maoris to take part in the royal celebrations. The latter, he says, are a factor to be reckoned with in the event - of a war breaking out, and would be a valuable ally to the country's troopB. The shopkeepers of Rundle and King Wil liam streets with heavy rents and taxes to pay object, and naturally so, to the ubiquitous hawkers monopolizing the street frontages of their premises with barrows and trucks laden with fruits, fish, and tho varied assortment of comestibles that hucksters are wont to deal in. Appointments to the police force of New York are openly sold for money. Tho price of admission is $300, and, as ahout 100 constables are appointed every year, this makes a nice little income of $30,000 dollars for division among the Police Commissioners. The police, of oourse, make up this entrance-fee by black mail. " It is the manifest destiny of Australasia, and must in time become an accomplished fact, and all those difficulties, dangers, troubles, and lions in tbe path be swept away, and intercolonial free trade reign supreme throughout the continent." (Cheers.)—Sir George Turner. Since 1882 the' "Charles Dickens" engine has made the journey from Manchester to London and back daily—a distance of 3G6J miles. September 12, 1891, saw its 2,651st trip, having in nine years 219 days run a mil lion milos. At the end of February last year this remarkable engine had accomplished 1,138,557 miles. "The reading of the advertisements and pamphlets the Rev. Mr. Wheatley refers to is not half bo much the cause of ' the breaking down of the moral safeguard of a young j person'as the reading of the speeches and i sermons of the party of Mr, Wheatley in i England, now generally termed the Prurient i Party." So writes "Critic." Scene—A railway station on the North line, ] with the train just leaving. "Uncle Harry" takes his seat, and a crowd of "Sunbeams'!on , the platform raise a hearty cheer. First traveller (with swag)—" Hullo, Bill, wot's the cheerin' for?"* Second traveller (ditto)—"Oh, that's for me. I bought a tupp'ny pie here once, and thsy don't forget these things." The points of agreement among Christian people are. according to Dr. Watson—(a) That Jesus Christ is the Son of God and Saviour of the world; (6) that the soul is saved by tbe incarnation, crucifixion, and resurrection of . Jesus Christ; (c) the existence and function of $ tho Holy Ghost; (d) tbe Bible as a revelation of God; (<) the future life and the judgment day. On the road between Yarmouth and Gor> leston is a small obelisk or monument, with a device of a ship in a storm, a rocket with a rope attached just passing over it, and bearing the following inscription:—"In commemoration of the 12th of February 1808, on which day, directly eastward of this spot, the first life was saved from shipwreck by moans of a rope attached to a shot propelled by the force of gunpowder over the stranded vessel—a method now universally adopted, and to which at least 1,000 Bailors of different nations owe their preservation." 