AN EVASTVK GHOST. Consibbrablb ? Bpaoe has been takon up. for. somo time in some English nowspapors and luagaainoB, by discuasion about what is called the most haunted houso in Scotland. The quostiou to be settled is whotlier or not it is haunted : the manifestations being so far susceptible o£ interpretation in favour of natural and commonplace causes rather than of roforonoe to a supernatural origin. That ~nnn\n in t.ViH nineteenth century should still gravely disouss such a question would bo somewhat surprising, did wo not remember the inalienable disposition of men to pry into the mysterious and to strive for oxtonBion of Bight beyond the veil that seems to interpose between wiattor and spirit. Af tor all, tho doings wo shall doBcribo are not more ludic rous and silly than those which attended tho incidents in whick somo months ago Mrs. Mellon figure* in Sydney. , ' The most haunted house in Scotland is callod ,Balleohin. It is pleasantly situated a few miles from Dunkold. The groator part of the structure dates . back only to the aecond decade of tho present century. In this part only are ghostly ' manifestations proapntj a wing of later construction is absolutely £reo from them. .This oironm stance accords with what is commonly sup posed to bo tho habit of ghosts : they rejoice in surroundings of a decent age, in tho dust and cobwebs and mistinoss of a certain an tiquity. In this oaso, however, one wonders that a houso not yot a contury old should bo thought venerable enough for them. As a matter of fact, thq manifestations aro not any thing like as old aB the houso. Its reputation for boing haunted at moBt has beon onjoyod for thirty years. Nothing very dcoidod was roportod till a year or two ago ??, and thoro is reason for believing that tho 'mani- festations' then in ? evidence woro produced by somo practical jokers iu a family which occupied tho placo during a shooting soaaon, So that the ghost is, anyhow, a very modern chosfc ? though it must be oonfossod that it bears itself pretty much in the way attributed by tradition from the earliest agos to its kindred. Noises aro hoard like those of foot stops, or of tho voico of Bomoono roading or rooiting; impatient raps at doors, olanffs, thuds, far uway explosions, ovoko in tho ha ' ? touors thoughts beyond tho rimohoB of thoir houIs. ? Nothing has over boon aeon, but footsteps are testified to as having boon heard .in rooms, caused by sorao invisiblo agency which a dog has soomed to follow with his eyes. Those ghostly foofcBtopB aro always 'Jamo,' or ' halting', or ' shullliugj a Cong Btruok would product) fluoh a noiso aB the clanging sound ; tho explosions resembled tho firing of a distant gun, or ' tho snapping ? . of wood in a burning houso.' Thoro is m London au nHHooiation called tho Sooioty tor PHYohical Rosouroh, and Lord Bulo kindly took tho hmintod houso fov throo months, in ordor that tho Society might pur ano an invoBtigation into tho causes of them) glioBtly uoIhob. A charming Jitorary liuly wa» installed as IiohIohs: sho kont open house, and gathered under tho roof oC Brtlloohin olovonVlioB am 1 twouty- ono gentlemen, including tl'™« boIcIiovb, three lawyors, two men of lottoi'H, otio art si, four clo rgymen, one pliysiolan, and five ' mon of ?loiBuro.' Thoro was also in the party a, ?60 ontiuo gontlotnon, and one admitted prno tioSl iokor. This company of 82 poi-som,. lioard fcho sounds dosoribod above, which tho. : iostoBB and cightcon of her guosts concur, u Tyi»g wo' saoli. sound,, as. they vcro un^lo to explain. , Tho , BoionJHo. Jontlqmau, however, found hiniBolf in no Huoh fiX. The contraction of tho houBj. is Soffi to tho production of myBtono.iH no Lob lM,o stono'walls nro thick, and an in, to for owing of wood not only oxnggom c-h tl.eir : ? th okniss but holpB to givo oiUlto shghtost SuBionah-.llo« smind.- ?' -Moroovw, « J I'uiHts of Uio Hours aro nB llnnsy ns the wa 1b .£c BubBtuulial, and tho floon vibrato on tho \ ? i - smallcBt provocation. Mice and rats are plentiful, and rats or mice could easily pro duce most of tho said noises in an edi fice which is one hugo sounding board transmitting, and possibly intensifying, certain sounds. TIhb doubting investigator occupied in the house the most haunted room in it, and ho easily identified ' noises which awoke him in the early morning as those caiiRod by tho activities of the servants in tho stillness of an otherwise sleeping household, A moan like that of a soul in jiain ho traced to tho wind blowing across the end of a waste water pipe ; on one night, when he was un usually wakeful, ho was startlod by a loud noisp from tho washing basin, b.ut'it waB the jar of tho water pipe, tho water having boon suddenly turned off. A deep buzzing sound — evidently , the sound as 'oi. some one reciting — and a' bang indicated the drawing of water, at somo distant point, and tho absence of a parent tap which is used in many English houses in connection with the -water* supply., Tho ?gentleman ad mits tlint to a person half dead with terror tho sounds ho hoard would havo boon ? appal ling in tho extromo — to him they only proved that ordinary noises can bo transmitted in that houso with unusual facility and to un usual distances. Surely this is an obvious and natural ex planation. Of course tho noises doscribod and others aro heard ; and it is not at all wonderful, boing what they are, that tho majority of tho investigators, proparod for inoxplicablo manifestations, should havo as oribed those olangB,: and stops, and shuffling noises, and buzzinga, and thuds,. to a super natural onuBO. : Heard in tho stillness of night thoy would be startling even if not augmented by fear, and foar was no doubt present in tho case of some of .the investigators, But wo could oattily supply similar manifestations. For a haunted liouBe which might quickly win a reputation for boing tho abodo of noisy ghostly inmatoB thoro is no nood to go to Scotland. Wo know of two or throo in tho immediato neighbourhood of Maitland — of one in pnrtioalur, in whioh some of the manifestations of Balloohinare of nightly oocurronoe. The Sooioty for PsyohioalRosoarch would have as much warrant for investi gating into those as it lias had into thoso of the Scottish mansion. At doad of night tho sleeper may bo awakonod by tho apparent tramp of a ghostly prooossion down tho stairs, and a very slight effort of imagination is roquirod to note how tho foot of eaoh mem ber of tho visionary band pass from stop to Stop. This is indeed an unusual example of ghostly Bounds, but every ono knows' how, whon the world is hushod during the hours of darkiioBB, noises unnoticod in daylight bo como conspicuous, and how readily thoy may bo translated by tho fanciful hoaror into signs of unearthly presoncoH. 