THE DISArQI?NT? ENT Oe LADY FORDYCE. "Really, Arthur, it seems quite pro vidential that yea should come home just now to help me in this great difficulty," said Lady Fordyoe plaintively, as she banded her big bronzed step-son a tiny oap which seemed almost distressingly fragile in his brown fingers. "You always were so sensible and good." Colonel Fordyce suppressed a smile. He had not always been a persona grata to the lady who appealed to him so touohiogly; and he had a vivid recollection of the days when he had been unoeremoniously bundled out of her ladyship's life, in order that she might be reminded as little as possible of his very inconvenient oxlato'-c. "I am sure J shall be glad if I can assist you," he said politely. " But don't expect too maoh of me. For one thing, I have been in the East so long that I have lost touch of society. I daresay I am an infant of days compared with Horace." " Oh, Horaceo " said Lady Fordyce, tap ping on the dainty table with a silver tea spoon to indicate a dramatic disappoint. ment. "I can do nothing with Horace. He nesed to be tractable enough. But since this mad infatuation-" "Who is she!" asked the Colonel, with scarcely a shade of Interest in his sleepy veloo. " She is thirty-five if she Is a day," cried Lady Fordyce in deep exasperation. "Thirty-five, and what is Horace ?-a boy 1 And as good-looking as he is he might make an excellent marriage, though he is only the youngest son-don't think I grudge you your lack," she added with smooth quick. fnoo. "for really it I. an unspeakable o. 7. - .. . . _ . . ..i --?' - ' Why. most young men fall in love witt women older than themselves," said Colonel Fordyoe, smiling. * It is a natural phase so I am told at least." "Were you through it!" " Mais non-honestly." "I wonder if you were ever-that is, if you ever thought of getting married. But, of course, you have come home partly feor that '" "Mp dear Lady Ferdyce, 1 don't think I shall ever marry." "* So much the better for Horace," was the thought reflected In Lady Fordyce's eyes. But she only said cheerfully, "Oh, wait until you meet with some ef our nio home.ceuntry girls-not at all like the Anglo-Indian ladies-who must be a queer lot if Rudyard Kipling- " "They are like other women-all sorts,' said the Colonel. " But meanwhile, this affair of Horacoe's. And it concerns you also. When you marry your wife won't like to have a lsiter-in-law who drops her ' h's' and mis-spells words in her invitations." "In these days of universal ednoatior -" began the ColoneL "Oh, bother "' cried Lady Fordyce imn patiently. "Excuse me, Arthur, but yet remind me ever so much of your father. He was a dear, good man, but when he began to make little speeches- " "1 wasn't going to make a speech." "And don't I tell you she must have been bdfn ages before universal educationI f took the trouble to see the woman, Goodness only knows what Horace ear fancy in her. She has not a particle o: oolour "- Lady Fordyoe took a faint momentary peep at her own reflection where the transparent rose which had always been one of her pet attractions wa just becomingly heightened by the laboe of making tea and the proximity of th fire-" she's a ghost rather than a woman." "It doesn't matter. ' Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder,' don't you know Seriously, what do you expect me to do I am willing to obey youn- in reaon ; but you must surely know enough of human natur to be aware that if I try to dissuade Horac from-pursuing this attachment, the chance are that the result le opposite to what yor -" Yon are quite right." said Laod Fordyce, confedentially, " andl have though of a much better plan. It flashed upon m like-like an inspiration." " Good," said the Colonel ; " your plan e Horace is his position and money." " Are all women so mercenary Y" "Ninety-nine per cent.," asserted Lad3 Fordyce, with absolute conviction. "Nov \--isn't you see, Arthur-if Horace is a good match you are ever so much a better one !" " Am I to immolate myself to save Horace ! Besides, it appears to me that the position is not materially improved." "Oh, you are not so stupid I Why, you need not commit yourself the least little bi in the world." "Isee. Isee," meditated the Colonel. "Well!" "Does It strike you as fair " "Fair? le there anything unfair in it Not at all." "Rather hard lines for the girl." "Arthur, all that I want is to show her in her true colours and disllousionlse my poor Horace. Really, one could believe in witchcraft, her influence over him is so en acoountable." "And what will Horace think of me ?" " He will thank you, as I shall." "I am not quite so certain of his grati tude. And I don't know that I quite ilk \- But, never mind, I will reconnoitre a little, and see what can be acoomplished. At the present time, if you will excuse me I'll go down to the vineries and bave a smoke. I hear a carriage arriving-some of your callers." ' Don't you care to stay 2" "You'll let me off this time. Au revoir," and the colonel executed a strategic retreat through the conservatory. He shrugged his shoulders a trifle at the sharp touch of the October breeze, which ought to have been warded by an overcoat from an individual tropallcUy senslticed, and strode rapidly to the vineries. The door he opened so pre. cipitately as to knook the olgar from the fingers of a smoker who had already taken refuge there. "Confound the oaiumsy door. Did I rap your knuckles, Horace 2' "RaBpped my Havans, at any rate. Come In, old man. "Some of your friends have just ar rived." "The Glenoarre- Saw them drive past." "Don't you want-- 2" "·Who? .I? Rather not0 thanks." "The Gencarr girls have grown up pretty, I hear." "Oh, moderate. Well enough, if the girls. yoen know." "That doesn't seem to be asuch an in superable objection if the girls are nice,'" "Well, but you know a man can't. Hang It, Arthur, what is the use of it all when there is somebody else." " I don't pretend to an especlally wide range of experienoes ; but I've noticed that in cases of epecially sauitablemarriagesthere is an uunfortunate tendency for somebody else to oocur. lint, perhaps, somebody else may be equally suitable." "You wouldn't think so," said Horaoe, sulkily, knocking offa long grey finger of ash from his oigar; "and the mother don't think so, She'd suit me all right enough." "And you her ?" " That's the contrariners of things. She won't have anything to say to me-in that ine." "Why, I thought," began the Colonel, staring at his brother in an unfeigned sur. prise. "Oh, I see," cried Horace. "The mother has been giving you the Authorised Version. And you come here very Inno cent-pretending to know nothing about It -to got my confidence, That's brotherly. Thank you." "Pooh I don't be an ass, and get angry about nothing." said the Colonel, serenely. "It's rather interesting altogether. In fact, the interest develops. Is there another Somebody Else in the case too 2" "There may be for all I know," said Horace, a little mollified, but still sullen. "How did yen come to know her 2" "When the mother was at Riviera-you know-that time I caught pnenmouia salmon-fiabing. She nursed me. I had lodgings at lnvereauld; she stayed in the same house-the landlady was a helpless old idiot. It's well for the mother to make a foss Why. I shouldn't have been alive but fer that girL" " Case of gratitude," thought the Colonel, sad his estimate of Horace rose aooerdiagly, " Was she the landlsdy's daughter 2" "No; ashe works in a shop, A little fancyw?ork shop off the square. You know Inveroanld 2" " I used to know the town. Think I shall run down some of these days. I want some things." "Look here, Arthur, I'll thank you not to interfere." "I'll be dleoretion personified," said the Colonel, laughing. " If you saw her you would understand for yourself how baseless the mother's pro. jadices are. If you would talk her over, Arthur-for you know women can make matters very unpleassant sometimes-and I ocooalonally think that the reason she won't say ' yes' is- " "Barring the hypothetIcal somebody else," suggested his itep- brother, strolling away. " Amusing I" he thought to himself. " Commissioned on both sides. And have I come home from India to play Providence to Horace's love affairs-I, who never-that Is-" And he fell into a reverio. It so chanced that Horace was called to London that evening on important business concerning the Government office to which he was attached, by way of the start of a career. And the Colonel, having nothing better to do, found himself in Invereauld, and was sauntering down the chill, mono tonous road which led under grey rainless skies from the station to the town before he recollected that he had omitted the very necessary formality of discovering the name of the lady of whom he wae in quest. "It don't matter," he mused, " I shall chance finding her." There was a little shop at the corner of the irregular open apase by courtesy called a square. It wore a forlorn and shrinking aspect, because the frontage of the building receded as compared with the neighbouring orations on each side, and the stream of undiverted. Tothe righthand i bi grss. shop blazed with light; to the left the varied windows of a draper's, bedizened with " Cheap Sale" tickets, courted atton. tion. Between them the little window, with its single modest gaslight, was eclipsed. The entire contents of the display might have been bought for a sovereign. A few white muslin aprons and Shetland scarfs screened the unlighted interior of the shop, and in the foreground was arranged a sparse sprinkling of photograph frames, a box of thimbles, and a few skeins of silk. Instinct forced the Colonel to pause, "The place I' he said. "Now-what do I want to buy? I think I want to bay some photograph frames." Next moment the tremulous bell on the door tingled as he entered. A girl glided from a back room, and con fronted him ever the counter. The shop was so dim that he coald only see that'ehe was petite of figure and dressed in black. "I want some-frames," said Colonel Fordyce, feeling suddenly that he was play ing too nearly the part of a spy. "'You have some In the window." "Yes. Like these But I will light the gas-the days are so short now." She brought a lighted taper from the regions beyond, and stood on tiptoe to reach the bracket. The Colonel looked covertly across at her, as the light flooded suddenly over a pale face crowned with a heavy, twisted corenal of dead-gold hair faintly rippling back from the low wide temples. He started violently, and the frame he was fingering crashed to the ground. " You --Fleecy I" "I did not think you would recognise me. Colonel Fordyce," said the girl quietly. " You know me 2" "I knew your voice when you spoke. We had heard that you were at Duncairn House." "Why, Fleecy-Fleecy Windram," he repeated, holding her hand. "I ought to say Miss Windram, of course. But the old name comes so readily to one's lips . . . you can't think how it all comes bock to me-and t was souch a surprise to find you here." So vr?v different were hie last rescolleo tioen of ..- The big. r.oomy parlor of th .5c.ar.w mcore hie boyhood'. home hen hi. other house had ever been, lit by the leap Ing firelight alone-sgainstthe open window, coming and going, a black figure silhonetted on the golden west, the vicar studying his next .homlly.phlnself. on the rngv d.. Gailing - ag/? nor - Wau1--tn fl'oloe Fleece" from which he had nicknamed her, teasing him for stories, or listening in rapt attention while he talked with her brother of the things they meant to do, being men or at the old piano which sang under her quick yonng fingerr. Happy, peaceful evenings of the past I remembered many a time under the baking drought of Indian skies, as David might remember Bethle hem's well I "And I tried to find you. I tried to learn something about you when I was coming home," he said. "How was it I" "It would be a long story," she said steadily; "I daresay a story suffioiently common. You can infer it from the last chapter. . . . Do you care to look at the photograph frames f' The Colonel pushed away the frames, and they'foell Into a little heap on the counter. "I came to see you," he said. "I heard of you from my brother. But I had no ideas." " I nursed him through hit illness," she said simply. - Charlie died of pneumonla If I had been near him-or anyone who undorstood, it would have been so different. But your brother is making a mistake. Will you not persuade him so I have told him so often-he will persist in thinking--" "Do yonknow why I made such efforts to discover what had become of you ? It was because I oared for you, dear. I thought of you so often in India-I dreamed of coming home-to ask you to be my wife-to win you for myself. Is there any hope cf my dream coming true ?" A wave of crimson surged slowly over her pale face. "Don't ask me, Arthur. I am ohanged, faded, worn with sorrow, My very name has seemed a mookery to me. Felicia I-it ought to have been Dolores." He gathered her into his arms. "It shall be a mockery no longer, dear est, We shall be happy together-you and I. Let the dead bury its dead." "Oh, yes, it was a disappointment to me," said Lady Fordyoe to her beet friend, as they sat taking chocolate together on a sunny terrace at Mentone. "I never thought Arthur would marry: and, of course, all Horace's chances are gone now. Still the dear boy is getting on so well; and now he is engaged to n really nice girl with a reat deal of mene,-thcoughathatt e.. iret-"r?eah o tb-f-?. But it was a great disappointmsnt.' 