v . - . — ? — ^^z ? ? : : ? ? ? : ? ~ (By Ernest Favenc.) OW is it that, ownJbg as 1 -we do 'so many distinctive 'B animals and birds, none of 1 our authors or pogts have yet given us quaint bird and animal stories after the manner of other coun ? tries. Look what Joel ? Chandler Harris has done by the stories lie has put in the mouth of Uncle Re mus, of Brer Rabbit, Brer Fox, and Brer Terrapin. ? In - what part of the ?world exists a reading man who has not laughed in sympathy with that de Ughtful rogue Brer Rabbit, and has not followed ?with anxious expectation his adventure with the ?Tar Baby when Brer Fox, for once, gets the bet ter of him? 'Tu'n me loose, fo1 I kick de natal Btuffin' outen you, says Brer Rabbit, sezee, but de Tar Baby, she ain't savin' nuthinV And has not hailed with joy his cunning escape from the hands of hie enemy by begging and entreating not to be thrown in a brier-patch? 'Co'se, Brer Fox wanter hurt Brer Rabbit bad ez he kin, so he cotch 'im by de behine legs en slung 'im right in der middle er der briar patch.' Then, when ' Brer Fox hears somebody calling him away up the hill and sees 'Brer Rabbit settin' cross-legged on a chinkapin log, koamin' de pitch outen his har ?wid a chip. . . . Bred en bawn in a brier-patch, Brer Fox— bred en bawn in a brier-patch! en wid dat he skip out des ez lively ez a cricket in de embers.' Kipling, too, has done the same for India witn Moogii's friends, Akela, the lone wolf, Baloo, the gcod-natured old bear, Bagheera, the black pan ther, and Kaa, the rockpython. What a glorious fight it is with the 'Bandar-log' in the Cold Laire ?when Kaa comes to tne rescue auu u^^wj '^ rotises all the monkeys. 'Then Kaa opened his mouth for the first time, and spoke one long nis eing word, and the far-away monkeys, hurrying to the defence of the Cold Lairs, stayed where they were cowering till the loaded branches bent and crackled under them. The monkeys on the walls and the empty houses stopped their cries and m the stillness that fell upon the city Moogh heard Bagheera shaking his wet sides as he came up out of the tank.' ,. , - Svengali is nowhere beside Kaa. 'Kaa glided out into the centre of the terrace and brought his jaws together with a ringing snap that drew all the monkeys' eyes upon him. ?? 'The moon sets,' he said. 'Is there yet light enough to see?' . , . 'From the walls came a moan like the wind in the tree tops, 'We see, O Kaa!' ' 'Good. Begins now the dance— the Dance oi the Hunger of Kaa. Sit still -and watch! Then follows the dance and its fatal fascination. ' 'Banda-log.' said the voice .of Kaa at last, can ye stir foot or hand without ray order? Speak!' ' 'Without thy order we cannot stir foot or hand, O Kaa!' , „ ' ^od.' Come all one pace nearer to me. Of course, in the jungle books we have a genius writing, with a wealth of splendid material to draw from. Our comparatively meagre fauna can not hope to furnish forth such an array of gor geous detail as the denizens of the Indian forests. Still there is a certain quaint originality amongst the Australian animals that should turn out good literary capita!. The kangaroo, with its protrud ing short-eighted eyes, sitting erect, cocking its ears this way and that to detect the quarter from which the sound is approaching. The emu, with its comical style of running, its shaking plumage and insatiable curiosity. The native companion, with its fantastic dance; and the native bear, with its piteous cry. The surroundings, if destitute of the vivid eastern color, should be original and characteristic, and that is a mighty step in the ?malrinp- nf an intfirpstine- book. Some of the little^ known American poets have written verses em bracing the woodland life, which are exceedingly typical of the land. But as a prophet has no 'honor in his own country, so are the familiar animals of Australia less interesting than the strange ones of another country. Here is a sample of verse on this subject from across the Pacific from 'With Nature's Creatures.' : — The old blue crane stays late. 'Why does he wait? As the ruffed grouse in lowland haunts you seek, You note him flyinK slowly up the creek. Though in years past he has not lingered so, Has staved not till there came a hint of snow. Why does he stay? Naught tempts him to remain. ' The' creek's banks have been filled with autumn rain, And where, in August, all its bed was dry, Pave where the deepest of its hollows lie. And where, to feed on prisoned fish in schools, He flitted yke a ghost between the pools, Is now a murky stream with currents swift, Its surface l.iden with the woodland drift. Past is the time of drouth; Why does the old blue crane not seek the south .' ' Why does he stay when it is growing cold? Is it because the blue crane is so old? Knows, he that 'tis his time to die. And would he rather that his bones should lie TTpon the muddv creek's leaf-coated strand Than perish in his flight in some strange land? The mink may have a feed— his eyes are keen— But not a feast — the old blue crane is lean. ? The following from 'Observations of Moreau' is in a lighter- vein, but none the 'less it enters into the feelings of the animals in- a ready and realistic fashion: — The coon went out one night, ' Said lie, 'I wi'i seek my love; My soft-furred, dark-eyed love I'll seek By the oozy -bed of the winding creek, ? Where the boughs are dense above— ?Hy tawny, timorous love, mi' bride; Together we'll creep by the water's side, ?And O, I will serve h;r well! I'll -crush the stubbo-nest mussel-shell. And a delicate hV she'll eat; JAnd the burrowing crab, and the stranded fish, And the tender frog; each woodland dish Will I lay at her pretty feet. 'O. soon, 'Neath the light of the autumn moon. While' the forest sounds with the mud-hen's croon And the quavering cry of the flying loon, I will meet my love,' said the coon. We have enough character in our Australian ani mals to equal these lines; but if anybody wrote it it would be. called childish, and doubtless it is dhildish in a way, for is it not the privilege of Childhood to love and understand animals, and give human thoughts and feelings to them? If. a child had the ability to put in proper literary form all the attributes it endows its live pets with, and the different scenes it enacts with them in the childish imagination,*; would be a very charming book, liewis' Carroll was the man who has best succeeded in 'putting hiniirelf in a child's place, and com bining with the childish ideas the man's wit, produced the immortal adventures of 'Alice in Wonderland' and 'Through the Looking-glass.' Was There ever more exquisite nonsense than the animals' talk in those two books. In conclusion, here is another American rhyme, setting forth the prying chattering nature of the squirrel: — Hoar frosts have come- again; the sun's rays smite Each morn, and burn away a dust of white That lies on everything. The frost has done Its ripening work; the ruffed grouse has begun To feed on thnrn-apples; the turkey's found Rich banquets under beech leaves on the ground; The husks cf hickory nuts are opening wide, -And nuts are falling upon every side: Perched in the hickory's top, and impudent, ' Is the red squirrel, restlessly content. And' chirring-, chattering, leering as his mood May- turn. The small Thers'tes of the wood Finds with the time for labor time for play, \- - Arid, busy little braggart, through the day Boasts of his -hoarding to the loitering, .birds, ^Tiien toils a half-hour to make good his words, ' 'And rests again and gibbers till he's reielea Off to his taste some ceandal of the field:' Tells how Miss Mink has lost her pretty tail. Through disregard for traps and taste for quail, \- And, dare not meet young Marten, her adored; . IHow Mrs. j&uskrat; quarrels with her lord; How Mrs. Chipmunk's buckwheat cellar's full, And how her sleeping-room is lined with wool, Thoutrh Mr. Chipmunk died in early spring, 'Arid hard her lot was thought to be, poor thing; -^ ''Still, if young Billy. Gopher wants to call. It is nobouy's business, after all!' sfioar frosts have come again, the frosts of fall. When the man comes who will write about our animals and birds, and make them household words, it is to be hoped that his style will be dis tinctive as the animals he -writes of. The Aus tralian creatures could not be fittingly described by an imitation either of Uncle Remus or the. jungle books. ; : ' A ' Central News' telegram from Washington states thai -the ^Republican members of the Wa ya and Means Coininlttee; now drafting flbe new Tariff Bill hajreVrest-ored painting a^ ~ statuary . and Bologna sausages to the dutji^ipS 'list, fixing each at 25£er cent.of theirad^iorem value. \ .v „? .'/ :?-.. ' .-' / ? ; v _:!' .,..;' An. -Admiralty order ,has been issuejl for tlie disarmament ef her Majesty's thirdVcwss .cruiser ' . Ruby,- which has been' ?cbndemnifed'af Wi^ tOT ? further. service. The Riiby beioto^s to the Gem clasi' of : cruisers, and was 'built* at 'Hull twenty. years .since; by Earless Shipbuilding Company, at a cost ;of -£102:024, and has had- a-'.most useful- ca r«cr/ iaving seryed three, commissions on foreign station's, in addition to six years' service. in the Training Squadron. '. The whole of ihe Gem class -of -cruisers; which formed an important' part otthfiSpyal Navy two decades?agb;1iave now/teen Etiiufk off :'ih£ effective; list,- and three. of them, the Ruby, Tourmaline,.. and Garnet; are. in Sheer,-' . . ness Harbor, pe-nding ;tlie decision *©f the , Admi- «v»ii-t- V«i +n tiriicrtiBlr fhenr'trrf. +n 'tie Kold. ' ? ?? 