Visit of the Primate of New Zealand. BIOGRAPHICAL AND REMINISCENT. The arrival during the week in Brisbane, where he will be the guest of Bishop Webber, of so distinguished a prelate as Dr. Cowie, Bishop of Auck- land, and who is a1%6 the Primate of New Zealand, U an event worth more than the ordinary personal notice. But the advent of this dignitary ha* been seised upon by the writer for the pur pose of investing frim with the new dignity of "A Man We Meet" (en route), and with the view of telling a little story of a dramatic incident in which he played a part not unlike that of the " Lone Fisherman" in " Evangellue." First attention is, however, claimed by the 'Bishop's collegiate and ecclesiasti cal record. I have no certain information as to the year of birth of the Bight Rev. Wil liam Garden Cowie. A fairly good hint as to hie age is afforded by the fact that he entered Trinity Hall, Camb ridge, nearly half-a-century ago ; ob tained a scholarship in 1852 ; won Latin and English essay prizes the subsequent year ; a first-class Law Tripos in 1854 ; arid took his B.A. degree in 1855. Attar taking holy orders, >he held various Church appointments, university and diocesan, until, in 1858, he went out ro India as Army Chaplain, and was with Lord Clyde at the memorable siege of Lucknow. After the arduous days of the Mutiny, he became chaplain to Sir Neville Chamberlain's column during the Afghan campaign of 1863-4. His subsequent Indian appointments were chaplain to the Viceroy of India, chaplain at Cashmere, and domestic chaplain to the Bishop of Calcutta, 1867-8. Returning to England at the close of the year last named, he held the rectorship of Stopford for a short period prior to 'hie consecration (1809) as Lord Bishop of Auckland, N.Z., by the hands of the Archbishop of Canter bury in Westminster Abbey. In New Zealand, where Bishop Cowle ha* been living and ministering for close upon thirty years, he has always, more especially in iikt younger days, taken more than the usual episcopal share of personal practical labour. Ever active in reformatory work of every kind, his zeal in behalf of the criminal connnees in gaols is as warm as that of a Salvation Army captain. And here it is that the reminiscence alluded to at the beginning of this sketch naturally comes in. "*ln the year 1884 a tragedy tinged with a certain sordid sort of romance took place at Auckland. A coastal sailor or longshoreman named Caffrey, of irregular life and character, had become enamoured of a girl named Taylor, living with her father, an an cient mariner, on the North Shore, and wanted to make her his wife. She, be ing of kindred dispositions to her suitor, was not unwilling. But old Taylor, having different views ior via ucar- u ter's welfare, forbade the bans, and the visits of Caffrey. This impeding of the course of true love brougm tue \v\>o.- a ' to a climax. One dark night Caffrey, accompanied by a mate, after his own heart and mind, named Perm, pulled across the harbour of the Waitemata to the North Shore, where his sweet heart, by arrangement, awaited him ready and willing to be abducted. But the wary parent, who had had his eye on bis girl's movements, suddenly ap peared on the scene, and a light en sued. It was two lawless young men against one brave old one ! and the is sue was soon settled by poor Taylor being struck dead by a blow from a rowlock. Then, confronted with the consequences of then* murderous work, the two men conceived a desperate plan. They victualled theJr craft (a row-boat of ordinary size and build, carrying a small sail) from the house, laying hands on everything eatable and drinkable; and, taking the besotted girl with them, they pulled out past the heads, past Tirl-Tiri and the Great and Little Barriers, always steering for the open sea— There is a path across the ocean's floor, No keel has ever ploughed that path before. Of course they did not quote Shelley, for the best of reasons. But by some dead reckoning process of their own they hoped to make Fiji or Australia—or per dition—ln due course. After many weeks of buffeting about they landed on the Southern coast of New South Wales, where the long arm of the law was waiting to receive them, as it Is now waiting to clutch Butler, the Glen brook murderer, whenever the Swan hilda reaches Vancouver. Brought back to the scene of their crime they were duly tried for the mur der, and, with the girl as eye-wit ness against them, their fate was a fore gone conclusion. Of an incident in court on the last day of their trial after the Judge had summed up, and the jury had retired to consider their verdict, * news paper paragraphist wrote :—" While the two men sat waiting for the words of doom—Caffrey looking crestfallen and unnerved, Perm gloomy and de fiant as he .had been all through—Bishop Cowie came into court. Perm looked at his lordship long, and with a strange intensity ; the Bishop returned the gaze with interest. It required no great ex ercise of imagination to divine what was passing through the minds of either as they exchanged glances." Tak ing that pen-picture for his theme a local versifier next day, In the same paper, published some lines, which were widely reproduced at the time. Here they are— The prisoner looked at the prelate ; The Bishop gazed bard at Penn — And 'twere easy methlnks to tell It, What each of them thought Just then, — The Bishop in shiny collar, The culprit In cuffe of steel, The one a divine and scholar— The other from head to heel A rough of the roughest water, A pitiful secular type. Blood-spotted with recent slaughter, For the rope of the hangman ripe ! Well, doubtless, his lordship's thoughts were What all good people 'would think — " That the man in the dock was brought there Through shameful passions and drink— Soul-stinted and body paupered, Came deadly temptation, and then, With load of lawlessness hampered, Twas all neck or nothing with Perm." Not so easy is it to gather The thoughts of the other man— " Most reverend holy father"— Twas doubtless like this they ran— " O learned and powerful preacher. Proclaiming with heart sincere, The laws of the lands and the Teacher, On several thousands a year ! Can you form the ghost of a notion Of the life of a fellow like me— A rudderless craft on life's ocean— A hulk in the trough of its sea ? Tou follow the Fishers' calling Who fished on old Galilee, But your nets are not made to haul lo The like* o' my mate and mt. Well, Bishop, my feverish race is Just nearing the flptah (below, Are you game with me to change places— You're co much more fitted to go ? You won't ? —well here goes for glory ! I'll drop down on the ebbing tide— If there's truth in your Grand Old Story We shall meet on the other side. Both men were sentenced to death>4&C; executed. The Bishop, it was «jd<*- stood at the time, visited them fu^t/ne condemned cell, and did all helreitld to soften for them the horrors o^Hroe last ordeal. \y^'x By-the-bye, It is right to mention ul& Dr. Cowle is on his way home to Joijr1 the Lambeth Conference, which goes Into session in July. PIDBLIO. In Hay-btokt, Pbbth. 