A SYDNEY MIRACLE. Investigations iiy a KkpouteRi r«e Intkrkntino Case of Mr. Iiiomah jarws who hays that a few weeks aou jib was Chi itled- Partially Paralysed, Sdfferino from Locomotor Ataxia, and Helplessness. Doctors, Hospital Authorities, and every one said he must die as his uase was Hopeless. 1'ut they were Mistaken. 'Io- day day 11e is a n kw man, full of life and Knkhuy, iiis Crutches he has Thrown Away, and his Dead Limbs have life, iiis Appetite hah returned, and, in fact, he has a new Lease of Life Out and Out. So much interest Ims lieen show n Iiy our roudors in this innrvellous enso tlmt wo luwu published tho fuets ngain ub thoy appeared in tho " Australian Workmen " u few weeks ugo : — One nlternnnn our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jurvis, 45 Crown-lano Ultimo. Ho was discovered nursing n two-year- old Imhy, and he declared himself to ho ono of tho happiest men In Sydnuy. Ho was up and about ami able to answer tho knack at tho door. In reply to tho preliminary questions, he said : " Ynu want to know all about my ease ? Wall, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. Tho facta may bo of value to those who are stricken as I was.' " llnw long wcro you suffering 1 " Well, twelve months ago 1 got no bad that I w Imd to leavo oil work, aud I have duno nothing since '4 theu. About livu years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I wub badly scalded whllo taking a lmtli in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I liavo been iu failing health, and after four years of gradual development ol tho malady I was forced to give up my billet at tho Glebo Island." What were the Bymptoma V ".Simply indescribable. Tho pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all tho world like as if a saw were cutting my hemes in two in every part of me. 1 lmd no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one cIbo. I was incessantly shivering and sliuking, and could neither cnt nor sleep. On tbo 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and lie told mo that my ease was utterly hopeless. However, ho gave mo an order to tho Director of Clmritalilc Institutions." ' Dill ynu make use of the order?' "No ; I catnu home aud went to bed, and hava been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weoke ago I could not walk across the floor ; ill fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over Willi me, and only a question of day, when I would give up the ghost. My doctor wna attending ine, uud did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to caso the agony I was in. 1 was under him for live or six weeks. He camo to tho conclusion that 1 was suffering from locomotor utuxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the rpinul cord, characterised by peculiar dis turbances of gait and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movcinuits. lie told mo that I might Inst for ten years, and that I might never get tho use of my legs. (Just then thu patieut kicked hi B legs about with energy to allow that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well just us a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at the idea conveyed by the mlvortiscmont describing the euro Heeled in tile ease of anotlior boiler-maker in Fuglaml, Mliieli I read iu the " Australian Work man," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. I read in tlio advertisement of a caso which seemed to lit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, aud sunt for a box. Thu effect was as marvellous ns it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep ns though untiling was the matter with ine. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day, It was incredible. I immediately tcft thu bed nnd was able to move about. I havo taken four boxes of l'iuk Pills dining the past four weeks, and am now Inking the fifth box. I cun walk about with tho uiil of u stick, nnd am gradually hut surety, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You sco those crutches here ? Tliey were made for tno beforo I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use tlicm. All I want is this stick, and I liupu to soon do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "lie is 100 percent, better," said Mrs. Jnrvis, who bad come iu and taken the baby on lior knees, " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, aud made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said tlint Jnrvis looked ten years youugcr tlmt day thuu ho did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jnrvis, " liavo a cold hull, and all the feeling has uomu back in my legs. If I keep Oil going the way I inn, I hope to bo able to resume work as a boiler-maker, und you know I have to lie ill the piuk of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I havu been at any time during the past fivu years. I ascribe all the change ami benefit tu these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in uo puin, now whatever, and feel like a new man. Oil tho mantlepieeo llieru is a box of opium and morphia pills which tlio doctor gave ine to deaden tho excruciating pain, lint they can stay where they are, fur I no longer need them. Kvoryliody who knows me lias been aunuoil at the change in mo. T hey can hardly believe their eyes. My being about lias causud quite a sensation nut here." Such is the remarkable history, aud confirms what is said in .ill the chief newspapers of thia cmiulry of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for I'ale People. They euro locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, aud spinal disease, also I ho many disorders which nrrivn from an impoverished state of the blond, such ub uiiannia, pale aud sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c.;, These pillH aro a tonic, not a purgative. Tlioy aru genuine only with tho full nuine, Dr. Willinmi' Pink Pills for Palo People. Dr. Williams' Pink l'ills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from thu Dr. Williams' Medicine Gumpany, Qiieeii's-plaee, Sydney, at 2s 9 1 a box, or six for 14a 0d, but aro genuine only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. From the Warm Country to the Cool.— Tho third BcricB of special cheap trains arranged by tho Railway Cumuiisaiuuers to eualitu tliosu residing in the warmer districts of tile colony to visit cooler eliuiati s, will leavo Dtililiu at 5.40 p.m. utt Friday, the 19th mat. for Sydney and the various seaside resorts. Thu return fares being 4Gs first class, end 23a second class, aud tbo liekets available for threo weeks from date of issue.') Cheap excursion tickets at 2d pur mile first class and Id per tnilu second class will also bo issued to all Blue Mountain stations, enabling visitors to enjoy the faeilitica for reaching llio Jenolan Caves always delightfully onid in the summer, from Muuut Victoria or Katormdia. Death of an old Resident.— The old residents are passing away. The latest addition to the death roll is Mrs. R. Davidson, of Darling-street. She had been ailing for some time, and passed away on Wednesday last. She was a native of Invernesshire, Scotland, where she was born on July 5th, 1833. She was married at Sydney on 9th, November, 1857, and next year— 1858— came with her husband to Dubbo. Deceased was well- known and her demise will be regretted by all who knew her. She was of a kindly charitable disposi- tion. She leaves behind a grown family, all settled in the world. One of her daughters is married to Mr. John Hives, of Brisbane-street, Dubbo. The funeral on Thursday was numerously attended. | Accident.— On Suuduy morning, a lad uainod j D iniel .Swunson, met with a suveru accident whilst | riding a puny on the racecourse track. Tho I animal became unmanageable, aud ran against tho saddling paddock gale, breaking it into splintore, and throwing the boy to tbo ground, Whoa SwaiiHiin was picked up In, was unconscious and much hruiM-d and cut about tlio shnnlders Ho was brought into Dubbo, and a medical man sent for, who attended to bis injuries. Ho is still in a lmd way. I ho 1ml is very unfortunate. Not lonir snieo, whilst engaged Norton's stables, at Uoso- threw bin, U " , r W'" rW'"R llulte tin i. whim, llu Mas for somu weeks in tho Una- pital, and came to Dnhbo subsequently in order that he might thoroughly recuperate. Ho seemed was to leave for Sydney No matter liuw oxorutiutiiig tlio pain nf tooth ache is mm application of Mi.rri.nibil will banish it :Xni:'llctn,is,",;;;!,,i:,,l,.imi «"i _i. r!i:VbrUir,VUh l'l"«l,or ilopreasiou dor- Ilia i i l.i vei 1 'ni'aniT f l'" doctor than Lhli I ills and and Iron Tonic. To lie hud only from C.J. Ailamn M P < Dubbo (opposite Flour Mills).- ' ' ' Band Concert.— On Wodnesdny evening, a moonlight oonccrt will he given in the Park. A collection in aid of the Band funds will bo made. An attractivo programme will bo presented. Deatu of Mkh. E. Byrnes. — Tho death is reported of Mrs. E. Byrnes, of Bourbah. She resided for a number of years at Newhavcn, near Dabbo. Artesian Bores.— Some time ago, a bore was started at Carinda by the Government. On Friday water was struck, a flow of 10.000 gallons being recorded. On Saturday, it incruuscd to 150,000 gallons. The depth is 1200 feet. Scarcity of Watf.r at Nynoan.— Tho low state of the Dogan at Nyngan is causing much anxiety. The Municipal Council has deemed it advisable to discontinue watering the streets. A Deserved Tribute. — At tho Council meeting for tho election of Mayor, a well deserved voto of thanks to the Council Clerk and Borough Manager (Mr. T. W. Hcaydon) was recorded on the motion of tho Mayor. Alt the nlderinen endorsed his Worship's tribute to the Clerk. The Polo Club.— The members of the Polo Club had an outing on the Race Course on Saturday afternoon. There were a few games, and from tho play it is ovident that much progress is being made. Afternoon tea was served by some of the ladies present, -VR,<kBE yu linking of visiting the old conntry ? so, go by tho Mes8ngeries Maritlmes, that is the French Mail steamers. See their list of sailings fjubliehcd in this paper and write for full particu- ars to company's office, Queen's Corner, Pitt-street Sydney. The Duhbo Pharmacy for superior quality and reform prices. C. J. Adams, M.P.S. (late dispen ser at the Prioco Alfred Hospital), Chemist, Dubbo, opposite Flour Mill. 