GLIMPSES OF SHADOWLAND THE LAND OF GHOSTS. STORY ABOUT A SUPERNATURAL WARNING. WHY GHOSTS WALK, IF EVER THEY DO. It has long been a popular belief that the soul does not leave the body until several minutes after apparent death, and that it finally takes its departure, through the mouth in the shape of a little white cloud. The supposed escape of the soul in this way gave rise o the idea that the vital principle might be transferred from one person to another. Witches on their beatlibeds selected a trusty successor, and breathing into her mouth, transmitted with their last breath the familiar sririt. rhe presence of pigeon or game fear' thers is supposed to be a hindrance to the exit of the soul. In England a Sussex nurse once told the wife of a clergy-' man that she never did see any one die so hard as Master Short. She "thought there must be game feathers in' the bed. So she tried to" pull it from under him, but he was a heavy man, and she" could not manage it"alone,*a.nd ; "there' was fntme 1 with him'but herself.-and bo got f and tied it - arouttjd * liim, arid right off the bed, and he "went off in a minute quite comfortable, just like a lamb." There is also a Hindoo and Mahommedan belief that no one can die peaceably except when laid in mother earth. In India the . dying are always taken from their bed and laid upon the ground. Among seafaring men on< the. cast coast of England it is delieved that the soul takes its departure during the falling of the tide. Much weeping for the dead is said to disturb tlie peace of the soul. . A German song tells how a sister, wept incessantly over her brother's grave. At last her tears became intolerable to the de ceased, because he was .^detained -on. earth by. her excessive weeping, and suf fer.d thereby great torment. In a fit of desperation he cursed her, and in consequence of his malediction she was chan ed into a. cuckoo^so that she might always lament for herself. People who Relieve in the re-appearof disembodied spirits find great ance difficulty in agreeing upon the weight J and substance 'of apparitions. Most! agrfi^i.that the spirit retains vatatne !l-]lA the C9ITIP same I V.c-dily pearance as St had when in the il^;i;3mmediaMy^ Modem'lspi^^ s^iape^ '"" hoailyvrt stairs^"'* as s6%|syi so '-isfiglf ^recqmcuf Aariieiijle form with '' ••-v^it^'ifo^ms: to iaudible than Indians _ hear the of tthef'dead chirp like nmpdiately a«fer "death. in actio anion in'atural appearance's G. F. Russell Coll, of Gavtsherrie, Coatbridge, SctAland; iW aiitholity^or the following: '-I was at home in lnveresk Jlouse, „in- Mid-Lotiuan, for my hoUdays. My thef Oliver-who was? U||itenan% ijp#he] v ear's cf age; was then before i3ebastoipol. He had been writing in low spirits, not being" well, and I, to clieer him up, jokingly wrote that df anything happened to him-hie must let me know .- by pearing to me in my room, where we. hadi; often sat together as boys; and Indulged in pipe arid-chat- This letter'! found subsequently be had-receivfed; just'prior to going into the iritrenclimeuts, ' frain which he never returned.! It was the Sth September 1S55, at the storming*of the Redan, that he fell, struck by a bullet in the temple.' He was found afterward propped up by other dead bodies in a sort of kneeling position. "That anight I awoke suddenly and saw., facing the window or my room, by my t7 bedside. surrounded by a light sort of "phosphorescent mist, as it were, my rother kneeling. 1- tried to" speak, hut could not utter a sound. By degrees, as I recovered from my astonishmenf, I decided it must be a fancy, and the moonlight playing on a towel or something out of place. But looking up, vliere he was again, looking imploringly and sadly at me- I sprang out of toed and glanced through the window, and saw that there was no moon, and it was very dark and raining hard. This 1 could tell bv the Found .against the panes. I turned and. still saw Oliver. I shut my ey-es" and walked to the door of my room. As I turned the handle before leaving I looked back once more. The apparition turn-" ed his head slowly, and looked anxiously and lovingly at nie, and I saw then for the first time, on the right temple, a wound with a red "stream flowing from it. His face was a waxy, pale tint, but transparent looking; so was-the reddish mark. But it is almost impossible to describe his appearance. I only know that I shall never forget it. "I left the room and went into a friend's room and lay oh the sofa the rest of the night. I told him why; I told others in the house, but -when I told my father he told me not to repeat such nonsQitpe, and especially not to let my mother know.- "On the Monday following the news came of the storming of the Redan, but no particulars. I told my friend to let me know if he saw Oliver's' name among the killed and wounded, before I did. About a fortnight later he dame with a very grave face into my room in my mother's house in Athole Crescent in Edinburgh. I said, " I suppose it is to tell me the saddest news I expect?' ..and he said 'Yes.* Both the Colonel of the regiment and one or two officers whb saw the body confirmed the fact of the appearance as much as I had described it,and the death wound was exactly "where I had seen it." Well authenticated cases where people have fceen warned ef their coming death by spirit .appearances are, Innumerable. Such, for instance,, is th6 . celebrated Lyttleton ghost story. Apiong this class the following is re-, markable:— - "Dr. Vf. and Mr P-, both clergymen and graduates of .Oxford, had been close friends during their university career. About the year 1815 Dr. W. had an extraordinary dream, or vision. It was in j November, and he was in residence in college. He had seen his friend P.'s face, pale and suffused -with,pain. He awoke with suffocating feeling, but soon went to sleep again. He then dreamed that Mr P. appeared once more to him, with Ms features drawn, his eyes glazed And very wide open, With an expression of deep fear on his countenance, and that P exclaimed. several times:—"W., they are burying me! W., they are burying me!" So deep was the impression made upon liim that he resolved to ride over to Mr P.'s rectory the following day. Pressing work, however, kept liim from doing so, 1: and in due course he went to bed and arose as usual the next morning. After ' f breakfast" as he was sitting by tlie fire, he heard a tap at the door. Thinking it was his servant he called out, "Come in," without looking around, arid continued reading. He' heard; as he believed, the' doOr open the next minute. P/s familiar voice whispered in his ear, "W., they are burying me!" Starting up he found the door shut and no one in the room. Greatly perplexed and alarmed, he sent for his horse andTode at once to his friend's residence. As he neared the house he noticed a plumed hearse and pair of horses standing on the gravel before the front door. r 1 . On injuring of the servants, Dr. W. found that his old friend w-as in tact dead, arid that,.the coffin had been finally screwed down. Stooping down, however, to kiss Ms forehead, he at once noticed the absence - of that peculiar and unmistakable odor which distinguishes the death, chamber. He then put Ms ear to the body's breast and lips; and«xclaimed:— f "Surely*hfe breathes; this is not death; It is a tr^rice.* : P.j do you hear .me?" • There was at once a slight—a very slight—paroxysm visible at one comer v-'i' of the mouth; at least, so it seemed to him. Dr.. W. peremptorily forbade the funeral, and, after some discussion with the relatives, .the body was taken : from the coffin and placed in a bed. Restoratives were applied, and, though the trance lasted for three days, within a week of Dr. W.'s visit Mr P. had re-, gained consciousness, arid lived for nine - : - years afterward. "All sorts of reasons hay£ .been given why ghosts wander. Among the Greeks r it was believed that unless the corpse had thfe necessary fete to pay Charon for fj|ing ferried over the Biver Styx, it " " s Condemned to wander about the •Jjinks of the river for 100 years. In 'titer timepjjit fwas, usuaUy deemed to be lack of Chfistiari fcufial; or the result bf wickedness when on earth, as in the case of the German . ghost; known- as Hie bleeding nun. This was a nun, who, after committing "many crimes and debaucheries, was assassinated by one of her parampurs and-denied the right of burial. After this she used to haunt tke castle where she was murdered, with her bleeding wounds. On one Occasion a vdung lady of.the castle, willing toes- r capeiiritfa lifer fove^iri ^ ^ ' P ^ f F : H'f flight easier, impersonated .the bleedlng nun Unfortunately the lover; wltlle expecting the lady under this disguise, -feed haunted by her ever afterward. On tne other hand, tlie spirits of the good are k said to return sometimes for thje purpose , of aiding the innocent or avenging the ; . . . 0 , TherL again there is the well-known Beresford ghost tale, in which Lord Tyrone and Miss Blank figure as the principals. * - They - were orphans and n f eduoated together m the..pnnciples o£ deism. When they were about 14 years eld their preceptor djed, aktl their? new ^guardian tried to persude them *|> t em r brance revealed religion. . The boy^and „ fjriri stuck to deis^-laglt' they ftompact .that h^fOi^l^^N^^P^ 1 should appear to the survivorHo declare what religion was most-approved by the Supreme ©#ns. lp Mis.s Blank, jna^ried St. , MartiifeSerlsfSra. :oke (flay, she fP>ear- '> =ed at breakf^t with a~palC"face and a black band around her r wrist, On her death-bed,. she explained b<^w Lord_ -Tyrone had ap^earedM -fi after his death and correctly prophesied her future; how he had . . i?rist—his hand being as cpldsas .raaarftle caused the sinews to slmnjc^att^tj ,iria^e.-wither. still 7 in a the possession of «ie'il3etB8->.V ford^gSmy;::^ the pr^ent:hour : w^att^t | tbe t ^ ^ the narration. Different explanations of these appear- ^tempersfcnent one dayv~intently tliinking of: her mciothe£" an/1 JjifiTO^.^w her appearance as, S^ff.f ^ fussed ^r c h p r c h , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ - ; . , Her eyes, say her mother stantnnB Minutes the ~ she sqon. fpund tbaf, she »aa . to recall it ^ ^ ^ t t S ? S&Z.; ' ' existedI .in, of Ornate- . ^l objepts. n^ O S e , s° , , h iSd a Vu S product tlie-- whom she S ' — S .S.^uste, At oUUUQ.^J strongly vy-v-^j of „c ^ operation, /moro+irtn •' and: ' last sue ion. haHuctoattoUBj was constantly ?uDje« j .of sight and neaxin e . 