FENIANS AND FENIANISM. REMINISCENCES OF AN OLD \- . REBEL. People who aro old enough to romem- hor tho fears aroused by the Fenian movement and . tho precautions taken by tlio British Government against n rising will read with amused nmazemont the reminiscences of Mr. John O'Leary, editor of tho Irish People, entitled Fenians and Fctiinu- ism. It is obvious from these pages tiiat Fenianism never had tlic most remote ghost of a chance, and that the men who posed as leaders hail neither the mental nor moral ability to cause even a moment's uneasiness to loyal Britons. It is difficult to sec why Mr. O'Lcary has pub lished this book, unless it bo to show that if it wero not for professional agitation and money dragged witii great difficulty from tho pockets of tho Irish servant girls iu America Ireland might bo as happy and quiet a part of tlio Empire ns Yorkshiro is. From this point of view tho publication is undoubtedly useful, for no rational person could, after its per usal, ho tempted to join any futuro revolutionary movement in Ireland ! Tho writer of tho book himself seems to have been a shiftless, aimless muddler, who wandered from Dublin to Pari, and from Paris to London, studying medicine in a desultory kind of way for many years, until his career was cut short by a sentence of 20 years' penal scrvi- turlft fnr 1 )»« rtnrf. which l»« ! editing the Irish People, That such a harmless weakling as lie shows himself to bo in his own pages should have been locked up to nt all seems almost tho height of absur dity, and his whole performance is an ex cellent' lesson for tho youthful generation of Irishmen who may bo tempted to follow in tho footsteps of their fathers misled by such alleged patriots. O'Leary, after passing through an cxperienco which would havo thoroughly disillusionised most men, seems to havo gained no common sense, and still prates about tho nocd of physical forco to " frco " Ireland, and has nothing but sneers for those who seek to ameliorate her condition by constitutional methods. His first oxpcricnco in revolution ary tactics was in 1818, but ho camo out of that unscathed, not even succeeding in becoming a pensioner of tho Government which ho had sought to destroy. "When Stephens and somo other old rebels resuscitated the physical forco programmo under the namo of Fcnianism ho was ready to join, although it is quite im possible to gather definitely from his muddled narrativo whether ho wc3 sworn in as a Fcuian or not. Tho failure of the ISIS insurrection scattered tlio young Ireland leaders over the globe. Many wero transported to Australia, whonco they aftorwards escaped, and joined their fellow conspirators, who had taken rcfugo in America. Most of them bad had quito enough of rebellion, but others, and notably Dohcny and O'Mnhony, brought together in 1854 in New York a body of men who called themselves " The Emmet Monu ment Association." This society was' the pre cursor of Fcnianism, anil in 1857 a young man named Owen Considino came to Dublin with a letter to Stephens from certain New York Nationalists, and also with n private note from O'Mnhony to Stephens. This communication ex pressed confidence in Stephens, and called upon him to got up an organisation in Ireland to win her independence, and this ma' be eaid to havo been tho first step toward tho formation of tho Irish Revolutionary Brotherhood, popularly known as tho Fenian Brothorhood. THE GENESIS OF FENIANISM. Stephens, with whom Luby was associated, scorns to have .thought that thero 4was somo sort of organised body in New York behind tho signers of tlio letter, and. lio at once accepted tho call, asking for uncontrolled power and £100 a month for the first threo months, in return for which lio engaged to organise 10,000 men! A young ambassador named Deneefo was despatched with these terms to Now York, and lio returned bringing the acccptanco of tho other high con tracting party and £90 in cash. Mr. O'Lcary's memory seems to bo of tho weakest, both in regard to dates and events, and throughout his book ho reiterates this fact, quoting "my friend Luby "to supplement liis own misty recollec tions. Here is Luby's account of whatensuod : — "At once Stephens began organising. I hadmado somo provisional trips in Meath county T but 'twas on Patrick's day in 1858 that tho I.R.B. movement was formally commenced. I drew up tlic form of oath, under Stephens's correction, in his room at Donnelly's, in tho street behind and parallel to Lou. bard-street. This first text had clauses of secrecy, and of obedience to all commands of ofiiccrs not immoral. I sworo Stephens in," aifd ho sworo mc. Denccfe, Laiigan, Considino and Garrett O'Shaughncssy were pur first adherents. Stephens and I presently made many joumoya in Loinster and Munstcr, sometimes together, sometimes apart. Our adventures wero often amusing. Wo encountered a variety of odd characters. Stephens now vaunted flauntingly of his success. I bailed him as nn able orga niser. But tho New Yorkers shamefully failed to fulfil their promises. No second - in stalment came. Tlio men already organised wcro quickly in danger of falling asunder for want of being communicated with. As much as possible wc tabooed letters. Agaiu Stephens sent Dcncefo across tho Atlantic. Shortly after his arrival in New York a remit tance of £20 was sent over to us ; then another £20 letter of credit, and finally Deneefc himself returned, bringing £10. Again wo travelled around as long as tho fresh supply lasted./ Such is tho Fenians' own account of tho multi tudinous cry for succor which went up from tho downtrodden Irish, and of tho noble liberality of the patriots domiciled in America. HEAD CENTRE STEPHENS. It might bo supposed from the great powers they gave liim that the Irish agitators held Stephens in high estimation. But such docs not seem to have been the case. John Martin felt tho want in Stephens of any of tho more genial qualities. O'Lc&ry; says that ho was vain, arrogant, with a most inordinate belief in his own powers and a proportionate contempt for those of others. Leonard, another Irish leader, never could see any of the groat qualities which tho great Fenian chief was supposed to possess, and bad quarrelled furiously with him in Paris. To tho rank and file of his followers ho may bo said to baye been mostly agreeable, and even fluttering ; for as their admiration of him was generally unbounded, in praising and gratifying them ho was only in a measures satisfying his own self-esteem. Indeed this sense of satisfac tion with hi3 followers was wont very often to take a somewhat ludicrous form, for while ho thought so little of the world at largo and of many of whom it thought a good deal, ho would Bay of some ordinary man of. liis own littlo world, not .oxnetly tlmt ho was a great man, but that ho was, as the caso might be, tho greatest smith, salesman or schoolmaster not only of Ireland, but of tlio universe. Moreover, oven his friends admit that lio was an incorrigible liar, and O'Leary, who Bcems to liavo been hypnotised by Stephens, ingonuously says, "If was often impossible to distinguish fact from fancy in his talk. You often could not in the least bclievo what ho Haid, but you mostly felt that ho believed it himself, and could seldom or ever know that ho didn't." His methods re specting money matters seom also to have been Bomowhat poculiar. "Whon funds ran low his torapor always became bad, but while the money lasted ho waB full of optimism, at ono timo living in Paris with two or tkreo followers. Those wcro costing money, and bccahio discontented and demoralised by the aimless life they were leading. Others who wore brought over from America and set to work drilling in thoir native, places in Ire land, sometimes finding an organisation there, and sometimes not, gradually exhausted their funds, and finding no meanB of replacing them, wont back to tho States, bringing with., them discontent and doubt, and most likely spread ing disbelief and discouragement within tho range of their influence. And when money at one timo did come, in, Stephens shifted his quarters to somo place in Sandymount, near Dublin, where ho took to culti vating flowers on rather an oxtenBivo scale, that is, extensive, taking into account the place ho Recollections of Fenians and Fenianism, By John O'Leary, London. In two volumes, Willi por traits, Downey and Co. Ltd,, 1896. was in. and distasteful to his followors, who ' knew that the work of organisation was more or less at a standstill for want of monoy. . And most readers will ho surprised to learn that at tho very moment whon tho "causo"lookcd black est, and when tho energies of tho party wcro moat needed for starting tho Irish People nows- paper, Stephous, tho champion of poor, dis traught Ireland, found timo to woo another brido than bis dear Erin, and to marry licr. It is also arousing to find that those red hot demo- crats, his followers, were not so much annoyed at tho inopportune timo of the wedding as at tho mt&alliance; involved, for tho hrido elect was tho daughter of "a tailor in a small way of busi ness " ! the PEOPLE AVERSE to fenianism. It is evident from Mr. O'Lcary's own showing that tiicro was no natural desiro among the Irish to join tho now organisation, and that thoao who did allow themselves to bo Bworn in wcro mostly brainless boys. Stephens fnilcrl altogether to gain tho adhesiou of Buch of tho '48 men as had remained in America. With tlio exception of Doheny and O'Mahony —the latter of whom was for a timo a lunatic — no man of promincnco joined him. Mitchell would liavo nothing to do with him. Richard O'Gorman hail ex hausted his stock of patriotism in '48, and Thomas Francis Meagher, although at first in clined to join, withdrew as soon as ho found that Mitchell was not favorable to the scheme. Stophcns boasted loudly about his first two recruits, but they do not seem to havo been very influential. Ono of thorn, Langan, was "a timber seller on a small scalo" — probably a hawker of kindling wood ; and the other was "somo kind of worker iu metals," moat likoly. a tinker. Around theso leaders a few young mechanics were gathered, and tho othor principal recruits camo from tlio largo drapery establishments tin Dublin, very expert fellows no doubt -in the uso of tho yard stick, but scarcely formidable as wiclders tf tho pike. Thcso recruits woro for med iuto "circles" analogous to regiments, and tho "centro" or A, who might bo considered equivalent to a colonel, choso nine B's or cap tains, who in turn clioso nine O's or sergeants, by whom nino D'b constituting tho rank and filo were chosen. In theory an A should only bo known to the B'h ; a B to his O's ; and a G to his. D'o, but thi3 rulo was often violated! The farmers or better class of shopkeepers would liavo nothing whatever to do with tho Fenians. Tho leaders at times soem to havo recognised this fact, and wo find Luby so disheartened as to declare, " I would not care if I woro out of tho business altogether." Attempts are made throughout tho book to throw soino doubt upon tho loyalty of the Irish police, but certainly without success. Wo are told that Corcoran , was a "peeler," as waa General Glecson, of somo sort of Fenian fame ; and two out of tho four brothers Breslin wcro " peelers," and the third and last known of tho brothers who aiilcd in tho rescuo of tho Aus- tralian prisoners and in the escape of Stephens was a turnkey, but tho mention of thcso few names apparently oxlmusta the list. O'Leary tries to show that tho soldiers wore easily enticed to become Fonians. The chief instru ment was a certain Patrick O'Leary, popularly known as "The Pagan." His plan was very simple. Ho 'first asked his man if ho were Irish, then made his proposal directly, and im mediately after proceeded to administer tho oath. " So tho thing went on for about a year or so, when somo thousands at least of soldiers must liavo been enrolled. I havo no figures beforo me nor aro they needed. I /have always understood from everybody having to do with the matter that thero was simply no limit to tlio getting in of those soldiers, save the natural ones of time and opportunity." Most people would think that there was ovcry need of figures and that Mr. O'Lcary's atatomcnt is a foolish libel upon the British army. This alleged treasonable tendency is referred to again and again in the book,-but not an iota of evidence is given. Mr, O'Leary says in a foot note, "Irishmen but too often take tho 'Saxon Shilling,' hut it is only tho veriest of gobcnwuckes that believes that this is from any love of tho Saxon or the Saxon Queen. As I have Baid more than onco inthis book 'twas easier to make a Fenian of a soldier than of almost any man. Of course it was immoral to swear allegiauco to tho English Queen, and thon to tho Irish Republic, but I. must bo excused for holding that tho immo rality lay rather in tho first than in the last." That ib tho Fenian theory of this sanctity of an oath, and wo aro further told that treason to the Queen is no harm, indeed that treason to the Crown may be, and very often is, tlio highest form of loyalty to Ireland. Surely that it is possible to publish such pernicious stuff in London is tho most convincing proof of tho lenity with, which the Government regards Irish agitators. the irish priest in politics. Great as is Mr. O'Lcary's anger against all Englishmen it is mild in comparison with tho sacvci indignatio\vitx which ho attacksthe priests. He holds that the priest has neither the political knowledge, nor tho political training fitting him to guide others. He is not a free agent, for belling him is his bishop, behind tho bishop the archbishop, and behind all thcso all kinds of elaborate and more or less occult machinery at Rome. The priests, lie holds, may bo Baid, in all the later Irish movements, to have been on tho side that wa3 neither honest nor the national ono. They wero with O'Con- licit as against tho young Irelanders, and they woro largely with Keogh and Sadlier againBt Lucas and Duffy. They arc ignorant as a rule, and on a lower level .of culture than lawyers, doctors and others of tho so-called oducated classes, He quotes what Father Burke is reported to liavo said, as fol lows'; — " Tho Irish People he described as a Government organ, employed to put down tlio priests first and to sell the dupc3 after for Government gold. Ho reminded his hearers that any one reading that papor was excommunicated, niid that heads of families allowing it into their; houses or those over whom they had any control to read it, wcro damned. As for the Fonians, they wcro tho scruff of tho earth, a wretched rabble ; ho' would ask but two peelers to drive 100 of them beforo them liko chaff beforo tho wind," One reason why tho Irish priests are contemptible as soon as thoy. begin to dabblo in politics, is that tho majority aro tho sons of farmers. They aro sent to collego at an early age, knowing littlo Or nothing of tho world. The farmer's son, who looked with awe upon tho villago despot, finds himself suddenly metamorphosed into nri object of reverence. Their heads aro turned, they begin to preach politics from the pulpits, and tho priests consequently lose the respect of tho people, at least of all who aro not slaves in soul. Of courso tho real reason of tho op position of the priests to Fonianismwas bccauso it was a secret society. 