A 'WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XVI. — (Continued.) Your mother was just my age when I first knew her— a little the elder, I .think — and just married. She wasn't (handsome, but somehow she was attrac- tive; most people liked her — I did my self for a time. And she was a great heiress; she was t/ie wife of the hand somest man in England, and she loved .him — ah, well! as you loved poor Mr. Dantree, perhaps, and not much more wisely. "I lived with her — never mind in what capacity; I lived with her, and knew more of her than any other human being alive, including her husband. In deed, after the honeymoon — and how he, tise-d to yawn and smoke during the honeymoon — he saw as little of her as possible. She was the woman he was married to, and the woman he loved was as beautiful as all the angeis, and not worth a farthing. It's a very old state of things, Miss Dangerfleld — -nothing novel about it. Your mother was fran tically jealous, and, having the temper Of a spoiled- child, made his lor — I mean, .made your father's life a martyrdom, with endless tears and reproaches. When .she sat sobbing sometimes, swelling her -eyes, and reddening- her nose, and look- . irsg very ugly, I used to pity her, and once I ventured to -offer my humble sympathy, and call my— her husband a wretch. Do you know -how she receiv ed it? She jumped up and slapped my -face." "I am glad to hear it," said Katherine, with composdre. " She served you right." Ah, no doubt. You would have done the same, I'm sure. Well, it was about that time the romance of my life began. Your mother's brother came from Ireland to make her a visit, and we met. He was only twenty; I was your age— seventeen.. He was hand some and poor— your mother had got all the money, he all the beauty of the family. I was— my modesty makes me hesitate to say it — considered pretty in those days — that is, i-n a certain gipsy . style of prettiness. It was a -style that .suited him, at least, and we looked at each other, and fell in love, and earth -turned to paradise, and we were among the blest. "No one suspected our secret — his folly and my presumption— that is what she termed it. We had fixed the day of our flight — we had packed our portmanteaus — in less than a week we would be in Scotland, and united as fast as Scotch marriage laws can unite, when, all of a sudden, my la — your mother's sharp, grey eyes were opened, and saw the truth. A note of his to me fell into her hands, and she -opened and read it. Not an honorable thi-ng to do— eh, Cathe rine? It told her all — oT our intended flight in two days,- of our proposed mar riage—all. "J have told you, Katherine, that you are like your mother. You are. You have taken all your troubles quietly, and made no outory, no complaint. She took things quietly too. Three hours after she got that note she came -to me, quiet, composed, and determined. 4 -"'Harriet,' .she said, T am going into 'the country' for k day — -fiiAJZ.fr Pack a few things, and b.e ready to accom pany me in an hour. AT stood confounded. He was away; 3&yk3.fc; V'Ould he say when he came back? 'But it Was impossible for me to disobey Ahd then — only for a day. We would "be back in time, afte-- all. "For a day! Katherine, .she never stopped until we were in Cornwall. She ' had an uncle, a rector, there; he and his wife lived in a lonely old grey house oh the sea coast. It was late at night when the rumbling stage-coach brought us to the door, and I was worn out with fatigue. I asked for some tea ; my — your mother gave it to me, graciously, with her own hand, a smile on her lips, and a slee-ping potion in the cup. "The noon sunshine of the next day filled my room when I awoke. I was still lying back in my chair, dressed. I had not been to bed. My he-ad ached, my eyes felt hot and heavy— I was un used to opium in any shape then, and its effects sickened me. I struggled wearily with memory. With a sharp pang I recollected it was the day fixed for my wedding-day, and I was here, alone, and he was— where? "And she had done it all. The first glow of that fire of quenchless hate that has burned ever since kindled in my heart then.- While I slept -she was far on her way back to town, and I was left behind, witho-ut a penny in my pocket, a prisoner in this stupid Cornish rectory. Two months passed away—two months. A short time enough, as I reckon time now— an eternity then. My order of release came at the end of that time.. Old Markham, the butler, was sent for me, and I was taken back to town. I asked him just one question on the road: ' w nere was young Mr and I got the answer I looked for. Mr had joined the — th Rifles, and gone out to Canada a fortnight before. There, Katherine, that is my story; that. is the secret of my hatred of your mothei. Don't you think she deserved ft?" "From you— yes," Katherine answer ed, promptly. "At the same time, 1 think she did exactly right. She knew what you were, doubtless, and took the only means of saving her' brother. Gentle men and officers don't, as a rule, marry their sisters' waiting-maids." Mrs Vavasor -sprang to her feet. That random arrow sped home. His false," she gasped. "I was no waiting-maid. You know nothing- " "It is true!" exclaimed Katherine, also rising-. "You were a waiting-maid; and I know all I desire to know at pre sent. My mother was a lady; her brother was an officer in the --th Rifles. My father lives, and will recognise his \- -old servant when he sees her, Harriet jLelacheur." Mrs Vavasor stood white, terrified, Sumb. Good heavens! what a fool she had been to speak at all to such a girl as this. " "You see I know your real name among all your aliases. As I have found out that, so I shall, find out all' the rest. As surely as we both live and stand here, I shall one day discover my father and punish you. Now, good night, Mrs Vavasor. We understand each other, I think." She opened the door, looked back once, darkly, menacingly, then it closed after Iier, and she was gone. Ninon sat up for her -mistress. It was close upon midnight when that . mistress reached Scarswood. But she felt no fatigue— some inward spirit, whether for good or evil, sustained her. As she parted with the girl, she laid some sovereigns in her hand. "You have beep a good girl, Ninon," she said kindly, "to a very capricious mistress. Thank you for all your patience, and good night." Sh» went to her room, but not to sleep, It was disordered— she set it to rights. Her jewels— all— lay in their velvet and ivory caskets, her rich dresses hung in the wardrobe and j closets, her bridal dress among . them, j She took -a small portmanteau, packed -a few articles of dress and linen, a few of her most cherished presents, one or two books and souvenirs, closed, and locked It. Then, still dressed as she was, she sat down by the window and waited l'or the dawn. It came', rosy and golden, and touch ed the eastern windows into flame. Then -she arose, and taking the portmanteau in her hand, went softly out down the si airs, and along to that door in the tur ret by which she had gone out and come in last night. She closed it noiselessly —the household was not yet astir — and walked rapidly down the crisp, frozen avenue to the gates. The rising sun shot red lances through the brown -holes of the trees, gilded the many windows and turrets and tall chimneys of the old Hall, making a wonderfully bright and fair picture of early morning beauty, had she but turned to see. But she never once looked back. CHAPTER XVII.— POOR KATHE RINE ! " And how is your patient to-night, Mrs Otis? Any change for the better, yet?" It was Dr. Graves who asked the question, blustering- in like the god of the wind. A high gale roared without, a few feathery flakes of snow floated past the windows in the stormy twilight. In the sitting-room of the Widow Otis' pretty cottage residence a bright fire I burned cheerily, the red, warm light I streaming through the window-curtains far out upon the frost- bound, road. "Good evening, Dr. Graves. I thought it was Henry. Come to the fire. Bit terly cold, is it not, outside? My pa tient? Well, I don't see much improve ment there; but Henry says he im proves, and of course Henry knows best. Take this chair— do, and try and thaw yourself a little." Dr. Graves took the cushioned rocking chair, and spread himself out luxurious ly to the blaze. "Where is Henry? I wanted to see him,." "Oh, among his poor patients, some where; he will be home to tea presently. Any news, to-night, doctor? I mean "You mean the Scars wood tragedy, of course, ma'am. Nobody in Sussex, I believe, talks of anything else latterly. No, no news-; and no news in this case does not mean good neivs. The funeral is over, as you know, and there is no will, and everything falls to that pitiful, pettifogging- little screw of. an attorney, Peter Dangerfleld— everything, Mrs Otis — everything." Just then Mrs Otis started. She heard the outer hall door opened, a quick fo-otstep crossed the passage, the sitting- room door was flung wide, and Henry Otis, "booted and spurred," stood pale as a ghost before his mother and Dr. Graves. "Henry!", the word was a low, frightened cry, but Henry Otis' eyes turned from her- to the doctor. "Is she not here? I was sure I should find her here." "Find whom here ? What do you mean, young gentleman?" "I mean Miss Dangerfleld. What! don't you know? She ran away, either last night or this morning, from Scars- wood, and no tale or tidings of her are to be found. I thought she might have come here to — to see him." Henry Otis crossed abruptly to the fire, and -stood staring into it with a greatly disturbed face. "Run away!" the widow and the doc tor both exclaimed. "Yes — run away— to her death, most likely." . ., -"Henry! Good' Heaven!" "Women have been driven to their death before now by men — girls have committed suicide for less than she has undergone. It is not those who make most, outcry over their troubles who feel them deepest. -What has she to live for— robbed of all at one blovy;?" _ "And my opinion is, she h&S; ddT'te 'no thing- of the. sort!."- curtly interposed Dr Graves. "Only arrant CoWards commit suicide; and whatever blood flows in Miss Dangerfield's veins, there is not one drop of the coward in it." , As he uttered the last emphatic words, there came a knock at the front door. What presentiment was it sent Henry Otis to answer it with such a very unprofessional bound ? He threw it open, and — .yes — there, in the spectral, wintry dusk before him stood the tall, slender, sombre figure — its black robes, its white face, and great solemn eyes — there stood Ka therine Dangerfleld. He could not speak a word; the un utterable relief of seeing- her alive and there for a moment almost unmanned him. It was she who spoke first, in that faint, sweet voice that haunted bim for ever after his life long.' "May I come in? It is very cold, and I want to see him." There was something ' so forlorn in her look, in her loneliness, in the soft, plaintive tone — something so like a -spi rit about her that the words he would have spoken died on his lips. She sto-od before him alive, but surely death was pictured on her face. "Come in, pleas-e," he said, simply ; and she glided past him along the lobby and into the presence of the other two. "My child — my child!" Mrs Otis said, with a motherly cry; "thank Heaven yo-u are alive, and have come to us. Sit down; let me .warm your hands — poor, little frozen hands. Oh, my child, what a fright you have given us all! Where in the world have you been?" Katherine sank wearily down in the chair, and let her hands lie in the elder woman's warm clasp, "I have been with Hannah," she an swered, slo-wly; "at Bracken Hollow, with my nurse. And to-morrow I leave Castleford, and I could not go, you know, without seeing- Gaston." Her . voice died drowsily away, her head drooped against the back of the chair, her eyelids fell heavily. The three about her looked in one another's startled faces in dead silence. What did this mean? "My child— Miss Dangerfleld!" Mrs Otis murmured. "Oh, look up; don't lie like that, Miss Katherine! Miss Kathe rine!" "Ye-s, papa," -drowsily; "but I am so sleepy, and I don't want to- get up to breakfast yet. Has Gaston come? It is cold for him to ride from Castle-ford to-night— and he hates the cold— poor Gaston. Call me when he comes, papa — I want to sleep now." - - Her eyes closed heavily again — her mind was wandering. Her troubles had been too much for her, then, after all, . and had turned her brain. Dr Graves bent over her, and shook her slightly. "Katherine — Katherine!" he called. "Rouse up! Gaston has come— Gaston is here!" She sat up and gazed at him, a be wildered look in her eyes. "Who calls?" she -asked. "Oh, Dr Graves is it you? Where am I? Is papa ill again? ' Why, this isn't ". She looked -around, and memory seemed slowly struggling back. "Yes, I know now — this is Mr Otis' house. Gaston is here." She rose up suddenly, fully herself.' "I am going away, and I want to- see Gaston. How is he to-night, Mr Otis?" "Much as he has been from the first, Miss Dangerfleld— little better, little worse.". "But he will not die? Mr Otis, you told me he would not die!" "I think he will not. I have seen worse cases recover. It is a sort of con cussion of the brain. He does not suffer — or, at least, is conscious .of no suffer ing." " May I see him at once now — and alone? I don't know when 1 may see: him again; and, Mr Otis, you have been so kind, will you take care of him for me until he is quite -well again? I can't pay you now — 1 am poor — but some day, if I live, I will." "I need no pay. For your sake, Miss Dangerfield, I will care for him gladly. I would cherish a do-g that had been yours." She held out her hand to him with the bright old grace. "Thank you. I knew I might trust you. I must go before it gets too late. Please take me to him at once." He led her to the chamber door. White, cold, and motionless, in the. fast-fading daylight, Gaston Dantree lay. She had not seen him since that fatal wedding night, and now she saw him again — thus. She stood an instant; then she entered and closed the door. They heard the soft rustle of her silk dress as she knelt by the bedside, then silence fell. No one spoke. The moments passed; the night had entirely closed in; the wind howled through the desolate churchyard, whose ghastly gravestones could be dimly seen glancing in the darkness. A hushed' expectation held them — of what they knew not — a strange prophetic sort of awe. - Mrs Otis was the first to move. The clock on the man telpiece struck six ; she turned softly ; and lighted the lamp, then, sto-od waiting I again. Five minutes — ten — no- sign, no sound from that inner room. Fifteen — twenty — ihe two men looked at each other un easily. Twenty-five — thirty. Then Dr Gr.avep spoke. "She has been there long enough. It is no place for her in her present state. Mrs Otis, do you go and ask her to come out." . ' The little widow, full of foreboding, walked softly to the door, and tapped. No answer. A second tap, louder; still no reply. A third rap — loudly this time, but the only answer, profoundest sil ence." - "Miss Katherine," she called, " may I enter?" Still no response. Then she opened the door wide, and recoiled, with a cry. "Henry, the child has fallen; she has fainted!" Henry Otis was in the room before the words were spoken. Katherine was. ly ing on her face on the floor by the bed side, where she had softly fallen. In one second she was uplifted in Henry Otis' arms and. borne- out into the light. Her head fell limp over his arm, her eyes were clos-ed, her features rigid. He laid her upon a sofa — the two doctors bent over her — one with his hand over her heart, the other on her pulse. The heart, lay still, the pulse beat no longer. Rigid, white, stark she lay. "Oh, Henry, speak!" his mother cried. "Dr Graves, fell me, has she fainted?" The elder doctor removed his hand from her heart, and stood up rather pale himself in the lamp-light. "Something worse than a faint, ma dam," replied Dr Graves. "Leave us, Mrs Otis, and your son, Henry, and I will see to her." si! Sir Peter Dangerfield sat alone in the library of Scarswood; the silken cur tains were drawn; fire-light and lamp light made the room brilliant; his purple easy-chair was drawn up before a writing-table littered with deeds and documents, and Sir Peter, in gold- bowed spectacles, was trying to read. Trying— not reading— for between him and the parchment page a face, menac ing afiu terrible, kept coming — the face of Katherine as he had seen her last. Where was Katherine-'? Dead or alive, she h'ad sworn to be revenged. Was she dead ? He shuddered, through all' his little Craven sou-l and heart, at the thought. Men had looked at him darkly and askance all day, and turned coldly away from hi-m while he spoke. There had been whispers of suicide. What if, while he- sat here in this warm, lighted, luxurious room, she lay stark and frozen under the stars — dead by her own hand! There was a tall, smoke-colored bottle on another table, with glasses. He was usually a very anchorite for abstemious ness, but he sprang up now with a mut tered oath, filled a stiff glass of brandy, and drained it at a draught. Suddenly there was a knock at the room door, and Dr. Graves was an nounced. Sir Peter arose, as Dr. Graves, hat in hand, very pale and solemn of visage, stood before him. News of Katherine at last. He grasped the back of his chair with one hand, and faced his visi tor almost defiantly, as one who should say, "Whatever has happened, I at least have had nothing to do with it." "Well, sir ?" he demanded. "Sir Peter Dangerfield, I bring news of —of Katherine. She 'is found." The little baronet's heart gave a great lea.p. Found! Then she had not committed suicide ? "Ah!" he said, with a look of sulky injury, "I knew as much. I thought she wasn't the sort of girl to- take poison or throw herself into the nearest stream. So she's found, is she ? Per haps she is going to turn romantic sick- nurse to her wounded cavalier, and end by getting him to marry " "Stop, Sir Peter Dangerfield," the old doctor said, hoarsely; "not another word. Katherine Dangerfield will never marry Gaston Dantree or any- other mortal man. She is dead!'' "Dead!" Sir Peter leaped from his chair as though he had been stabbed. "Dead, Doctor Graves! Good Heaven! I thought y-ou said — I thought " "Yes, Si-r Peiter — dead! Of heart disease, no doubt, latent and unsus pected." - And then the- old doctor's voice' broke, and he turned his back abruptly on Sir Peter and faced the fife. Dead silence fell. The clock ticked, the cinders dropped. Dr. Graves looked fixedly into the ruddy coals, and Sir Peter sat stiff and upright in his chair, quite ghastly to loo-k at. "Dead or alive, I will be revenged!" The horrible words rang in his ear like his own death-knell. Greater and wiser than poor Sir Peter Dangerfield have devoutly believed in gho-sts; he was superstitious to the core. And Kathe rine was dead — dead — dead! Great heavy drops stood on. his pinched, pallid face, and his voice was husky as he spoke: "Dr. Graves, there must be some mis take here — there must. She couldn't die in th-at way — it i.s too horrible — and she was so young and so strong — never ill a day in her life." "Sir Peter," the old physician said, quietly, "I am sixty-fixe years of age, and for the past forty years I have seen death in all its phases — lingering and instantaneous. And I tell you she is dead. But we will go to h&r.; She is at Mrs Otis's, and you can convince yourself with your own eyes." But still Sir Peter would not be con vinced — would not, could not "make her dead." He hurried from the room, changed his dress, ordered round his horse, and in fifteen minutes the two men were galloping full speed through the keen, frosty air towards Castle ford. The town lay hushed and dark when they rode into it — it was close upon eleven now. Neither spoke a word; the breathless pace did not admit of talk. They reached Mr Otis's house — its whole front lighted, and figures flitting rapidly to and fro; and Peter Dangerfield's heart, under his riding-coat, was throb bing so rapidly, he turned sick and reeled dizzily for an instant, as he t sprang' from the saddle. The next lie ' rallied, and followed his leader in. On the sofa in the sitting-room, where they had first placed her, 'Katherine still lay. They had removed her hat and cloak, and loosened aiiffier ciothes, but over that rigid race tne solemn seal of eternal sleep baa taiien. . Tirey had closed her eyes and foiaeci a tie; pulseless hands, and calmly, as tiiouch; sieeoing, and fairer than ever . in sue lay. The haggard look n-a.il an seme, and a great calm lay upon ie. " So Peter Dangerfieia saw her again. There were three persons 111 the room. Beside Mr Otis and ms mother, the old ex-Indian nurse from Bracken nohow, sad, gaunt, and grey, sat ciose Dy her ' nurseling, swaying ceaselessly to " and fro, and uttering a sort of moaning cry. like a dumb creature in pain. She lifted her inflamed eyes, and fixed them with savage hatred upon the pallid face of the baronet. "Ay," she said, bitterly; "you're a fine gentleman now, Peter Dangerfield, and you do well to come and look at your handiwork; but you're her mur derer, you and that dying, false-faced villain lying yonder, as sure as ever men were murderers. ' The law won't hang you, I suppose/but it has hung men who deserved it less.". "For Heaven's sake, hush!" he said. "I never meant this!- I never thought she would die! I would give all I am worth to bring 'her back to- life." "Liar!" old Hannah cried, towering1 up and confronting h.im; "double liar and co-ward! Who refused her her dying father's request .?— who offered her the deadliest and mast dastardly insult it as possible for man to offer a woman ? And you say you are sorry. I wonder that, dead as she lies there before you, she d-oes not rise to accuse her murderer. Mr Henry Otis, this is your house,, and she thought you her friend. Show yourself her friend now, and turn her murderer out!" "Hannah, Hannah, hush!" interrupted Mrs Otis, scandalised and alarmed. "Hannah is right, mother,", said Henry, "and he shall go. Leave this house, Sir Peter Dangerfield, and never set foot across threshold of mine again. She turned to me in her . trouble, she came to me in her dark hour, and she is mine now — mine! Go — you coward, you robber and insulter of helpless girlhood, and come here no more!" The fiery words scourged the baronet, averted faces met him on every side. And, calm and white, Katherine lay be fore him, with. closed eyes 1 and folded hands— most awful o-f all!'. Without a word he slunk away like a whipped hound, and presently the door closed upon him, and .he stood alcne under the black winter night. Alone! Would he ever be alone again? Sleeping and waking, would not that terrible, white-, fixed face-, /pursue him? "Dead, I will come back from the grave, it' the dead can!" ' Would the words she had spoken, the dreadful words he had laughed at once-, ever cease to- ring in his ears now? Would they not haunt him until they drove him 'mad? Sir Peter Dangerfield rode home. Home! What was Scarswood better than a haunted house- noW;? He shut himself up in his library, -r lighted the room to more than the- brilliancy of day, locked the door, seized -the brandy bottle, and deliberately drank himself into a state o-f beastly stupor. When morning dawned, Sir -Peter, lying on the hearth rug, was far beyond all fear of ghosts or goblins in heavy, drunken sleep. (To be Continued.) 