OPERATIC AND DRAMATIC. SOME NOTABLE DEBUTS. ALICE MAY ANATOMY SHERWIN HARRY PAULTON AND | ALMA STANLEY. [Br J.L.F.] On the second of this month, a telegram from Brisbane was published in The Mercury announcing the death, in the Queensland capital, on the previous day, of Mr. G. B. Allen, Mus. B>o" formerly of Melbourne." The announcement startled me. I experienced the feeling which must past through a man when a person whom he had deemed dead for twenty years calls to see him. A long flash of memory passed through my mind, and, instinctively, I looked at my left hand. As, it was no longer there 1 It J had gone 1 No, my impulsive reader, it I was not a diamond ring, given to me years I ago by the dead musician, and which I had -well, mortgaged, and-allowed to be foreclosed. It was the mark of a dog's teeth on the third finger of the left hand that I ought. For years it had been to me a familiar, though not obtrusive, object ; but time had worn it off, and I had forgotten it had ever existed, till I heard that poor G. B. Allen had ceased to exist. Let me not be any longer mysterious. This " mark upon my hand "-to slightly alter a line in The Bohemian Girl had no connection with my being stolen by gypsies, like little Arline in the open. It was a souvenir of poor Allen's charming wife, or, to speak more strictly, of Mr. Allen's unsuitable lap dog 1 Her poodle, on one occasion, resented my carette sharply, and, since though there be anything in the proverb,'" love my dog lover myself," I have become a universal mis- anthrope-among the owners of dogs. Bat to come back from the dogs. G. B. Allen was the husband of one of the most charming prima donna whom Australia bat over aera Aice May. What delightful recollections the name recalls) Memories sweet at (town in the month whose name the bore-In the other hemisphere. Alice May might be called the bringer of English opera to the Australian generation in which the appeared. Greater singer had appeared before Sir time. Old colonists of Victoria loved about Sarah Flower and Catherine Hayes, Madame Carandini, Madame Simonsen, and Lucy Chambers were still to the fore; that the name of none of those was associated with English opera When Alice May appeared at the Melbourne Opera Home, late in the seventies, thousands heard, for the first time, Martha, The Rose of Castile, The Lay of Killarney ; besides, in English, Faust and other works Of the great matter of opera. Some years later Annie Montague did still more valuable work by producing, at the Bijou Theatre, most of the great Italian and French operas in English-but Alice May may be regarded at the pioneer. I have now before me the play bill of Martha, when Alice May appeared at the Opera Home, Melbourne, at Lady Harriet. Flotow's beautiful work was produced in an eminently worthy way. Alice May's rendering of "The last rose of a farmer" is still tingling in my ears. The " director " of the opera season was " Mr. G, B. Allen," and the business manager was Signor Bia' oaccianti-another name like a ghost from the world beyond. Many years ago the old Signor preceded Allen to the great majority. Let us run the eye down the names in the out. Lionel-Mr. Henry Hallam. Tbitonoe well-known tenor married Miss Hattie Shepparde, a charming young actress, who died after giving birth to her first child which passed into the kindly household of Dr. J. K. Neild, the eminent dramatic critic of Melbourne. Plunket-Mr. C. H. Templeton. Poor fellow I he committed suicide at Geelong. Sir Tristram-Mr. Howard Vernon. Vernon was then budding to fame. Since then, most of us have been him M Ko-Ko in the Mikado, the Lord Chancellor in Iolanthe, the Head Gaoler in the Yeoman of the Guard, the Old Warrior in Ma Mio Rosette, and a host of other picturesque characters which he has "created," Nancy -Mrs E. A. Lambert-for half a genera- tion the Lazarillo in every production of Ma tans in Melbourne and Sydney. And here in the playbill of Faust. Alice May is, of course, the Marguerite. Then, there are Signor Coy as Faust; Signor Susini at Mephistopheles ; Miss Maggie Liddle as Siebel and so forth. Coy is still warbling away chiefly singing sacred music at St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne. Poor Susini was knocked down and killed by a cab in London. The latter had a basso voice of terrible power. A simple clergyman who lived in that quiet suburb called Vi Williamstown, on the shores of Hobson's Bay, once asked Susini to come down and sing at some special f auction in his church. The good-natured giant cheerfully consented, and when the first awful tones of the basso filled the little church, and threatened to unroof it, the meek-eyed cleric jumped off but teat, startled and surprised. Alice May was, probably, a quarter of a century her husband's junior. When they walked Collins street together they suggested father and daughter rather than husband and wife, Allen's age was made still more apparent by a bald and highly polished head, which was very conspicuous when he turned his back to the audience and led the orchestra of the opera. But they were a very united couple. At the close of their opera season in Melbourne, Allen decided to settle in that city and pursue his profession, He went to live in a big house in Collins-street, which had lately been occupied by Sir Anthony Colling Brownless, Chancellor of the Melbourne University, and put a big brass plate on the door, but, for some reason or other, he did not remain long. Probably, his young wife naturally ambitious to make the most of her gifts and acquirements was unwilling to settle in a colonial city. She had already seen much of the older world, and, most likely, yearned to get back to the brilliant and exciting scenes she had left. So G. B. Allen and Alice May left Australia again, and little was known of them for years. Allen was sometimes heard of alone, and people used to ask, "Alice, where art thou?" She was, probably, in bad health, and unable to sing for at that her death, in England or America, was announced something like a decade of years ago, at the early age of 40. Mr. Allen seems to have found his way back to Australia in a very quiet way. For my own part I was not aware of his presence in these colonies till I read of his death. He was 75 years of age, and curiously enough Sir Anthony Brownless died two days later. Alice May was a charming, vivacious songstress. Once having seen and heard her, her bird-like voice and charming personality clung to you ever afterwards. She had a curious, but harmless, habit of taking liberties with the libretto, and some of the critics, forgetting her splendid power?, used to descend to finding fault with this Playful practice. One man got indignant because, in the recitative in the Rose of Castile " He takes a maid of honour for a boy !" Miss May, in her sugary tones and amongst way, used to sing " Re takes a maid of honour for a tiny little boy!' Do not such critics remind one of Longfellow's words, " Many critics are like woodpeckers, who, instead of enjoying the fruit and shadow of a tree, hop incessantly around the frank, speaking hotel In the bark to discover some little worm or other." Well, the fair and tuneful Alice and her no less gifted husband are both now gone, and sleep in widely-separated gravel, but many scattered up and down Australia will plea. hardly remember delightful evening! spent in their pretence. 1 And, now, we are about to hear another songstress-in whom Tasmania bat a particular interest of its own. She is one of its own children. I mean Amy Sherwin. And, apropos both of opera and > Amy Sherwin, I had the happiness of seeing Madame Sherwin's!) debut on the operatic stage of the mainland. She wn i brought out" at the Melbourne Opera HOON where boards have been trod by so many queens of song by the late William Saurin Lyster, the M Meenan of operatic artists. I remember that night at if it were yesterday. The opera war Lucia di Lammermoor-the j home was fall. Lyster was in the manager'! box-cool but arltioaL His wife formerly Georgia Hodson, of the earlier Melbourne opera was there too. " Amy " made a great impression upon the house particularly in the "mad scene." Her success may be dated from that night. Others to whom Lyster extended his help about that time-Helen Gordon, Elsa May, Lizzie Sharp, Bettie Harrison, Annie Stone-have not (for various reasons) and tained their position! like the Tasmanian girl. Some years elapsed, and Amy Sherwin appeared at the Opera Home, Sydney, having, in the meantime, been to Europe. This was in 1887, and, being then resident in the New South Wales capital, I went to bear her. Her first number was Gem's Dear bird of winter, and then, to my intense satisfaction, she gave the " mad scene " from Lectures which I had such pleasant memories. She had then singing with her another well-known Australian cantatrice Minna Fischer. At another concert of the same lesson, Miss Sherwin gave, with wondrous effect, that test song of Bishop's, " Co 1 here the gentle lark -which has been warbled to Australian audiences by such royal songstresses as Anna Bishop and Alma di Murtka. Simultaneously with Amy Sherwin come Mr. Barry Paulton and Miss Alma Stanley In May last I went to the Princess Theatre at Melbourne to see these famous artists make their first bow to an Australian audience. And what a crowd received them I You hear of a house being "filled from floor to ceiling. of that occasion the phrase was literally true. Men stood in the stalls on the floor of the house, and others had places above in the top row of the amphitheatre, with their heads touching the roof The scene gave one some idea of what the Roman amphitheatre was 2,000 years ago when the performance was less humanising. The most striking thing to me, at least was Poulton's voice of singular strength and clearness, and apparent proximity. You saw, at once, he was a born comedian. I had met J. L. Took in private life in the old country, and, when he came to Australia, I went to see him on the stage but I was dismally disappointed. Paulton, to my mind, was far and away his superior. Perhaps Foote's recent domestic losses had told upon his spirit ; but, as a fact, his acting (as It seemed to me fell far short of his fame. Miss Alma Stanley showed a fine stage pretence and exhibited fine powers as an actress, but I should have liked to have seen her in something more serious than A Night Out. However, the advent of these celebrated artists to Hobart next week will form an epoch in the dramatic history of this colony. 