CHAPTER II. Returning daylight awakened Delia, and her first rememberance was connected with the occurrence of last night. "At least," thought she, "I can trace the mark of footsteps in the snow, if a man really was there by the old cedar tree." But what was her disappoint- ment to find that a thaw had set in and that rain had been pouring down. There was no chance now of see- ing footsteps in the snow. "And so you saw a ghost last night, D.?" asked Reginald jok- ingly, as he greeted his sister at breakfast. "So says Deborah," she an- swered. "You should have let me go and search for the apparition last night, Miss Larch," remarked Lord Lind- say, "Will you come and show me the exact spot where you discovered it? Then I shall know in case you wish to send me after it on some other occasion." "By all means ; for it is not everyone who would have the cour- age to pursue a ghost," laughed Delia. "Then you will really come out and instruct me as to the where abouts of the apparition?" pursued he. Delia said "Yes" with a little blush, for her heart told her what his anxiety to encounter the ghost really meant. Was it not for the charm of being alone with herself that he petitioned in this earnest way. Of course this was patent to others as well as to Delia ; but as no one could see any reason why Lord Lindsay should not fall in love with her, nobody thought of checking their intercourse. And so they went out together, though it threatened to rain, and the prospect out of doors was dim and gloomy. "Here it was that I noticed the figure" said Delia presently. "But now there are only patches of snow so we cannot determine whether or no anyone came here." "Who says that?" cried Lord Lindsay, hastening forward, and picking up near the side of the path a hankerchief , not very notice- able, lying against a patch of melt- ing snow. "Here is a remnent of the ap- parition, I do believe!" exclaimed he. "Well, he has some taste; for this is white, and fine cambric. Now for the name of his ghostship." Delia looked with some interest as the letters "J.L." were found embroidered in a corner of the handkerchief. "I must show this to my old nurse, Deborah, who really believes I saw a spirit last night," she said. Just after this discovery, down came the rain, and our young couple hurried to the carriages which were to take the party to church this Christmas morning. The day flew by on light wings ; for youth, and health, and love speed the hours quickly. On the morrow, the large and merry assemblage at The Abbey discussed, with much animation, some amateur theatricals shortly to be performed there. "I hope you'll be ready for the rehearsal, Delia," said her brother "We're all waiting for you; and I don't believe you've learnt a word of your part." It was too true ; and Delia de- clared that she would shut herself up immediately in the library, and make up for her past shortcomings. "Now nobody must come near me for a whole hour. Leave me undisturbed, and I will forgot everything but my part," said she gaily. Lord Lindsay opened the door for her exit, saying in a very low tone, "Remember me a little, even though you are determined to for- get us all just now." For some short time all was quiet in the handsome apartment where Delia sat, and only the sigh- ing of the winter wind made itself heard. But suddenly the quiet was dis- turbed by a noise against one of the long windows which opened on to the pleasure grounds — a noise, it might be, of a swaying bough against the pane. Delia rose and approached the window at which the sound was heard, and listened intently, im- pressed with the idea that some- body was there, while the remem- brance of the handkerchief found the morning before immediately rushed into her mind. (To be Continued) 