Tho spectacle of a millionaire diamond king jumping overboard from a Mediter ranean steamer and drowning himself in order to escape tho haunting dread of dying poor would be inconceivable were it not so- . common. The aura sacra fames is coeval with human nature ; for if it were not exhibited in Eden it was only because our first parents had not yet invented the luxury of the coinage. Barney Barnato was no abnormal product of humanity. He simply did in the nine teenth century what the Children of Israel did four or live thousand years before- made a golden calf the god of his particular idolatry. In all tho intervening ages 1110ft have been worshipping, and dovoutly worshipping, before tho same idol, and with much the same results. It may not fall to tho lot of every unlucky idolater to sacrifice himself in so dramatic a fashion to his Juggernaut ; hut in is a consoling reflection for tho moneyless that Pluto never permits his votaries to escape liis penalties. One day at dinner a friend said to Nathan Rothschild — "I hope that ' your children are not too fond of " money and business, to tho exclu- " sion of more important things. I " am suro you would not wish that." " I am sure I would wish that," answored Nathan, " I would wish them to give up " mind and body, heart and soul, to busi- " ness. This is the way to he happy. It " requires a deal of caution to make a " great fortune ; and when you have got " it, it requires ten times as muoli wit to " keep it." Therein lay the whole of the hapless Barnato's troubles. He had given up heart and soul and mind and body to money making. He had all the requisite talent for that ; hut then came his dis trust. Had he the larger wit necessary for the keeping of what lie had amassed ? And the grinning skeleton held his cup board door for over open with the menace—" You may die poor !" To say that Barnato died a lunatic is to say nothing more than that the rich man who died the other day in a country hos pital, trhe victim of a life of penury, was insane. There must he a species of mental unsoundness in all thirst of gold when it pursues riches as an end of happiness and ! not as the means to ' it. What Milton called "tho unsunned heaps of misers' " treasure" may no doubt minister to this species of' mad phantasy; hut to dignify it with tho name of happi ness is a misuse of terms. Lord Braco, a noted Scotch miser, had one day received his rent from a tenant, who had been sent back somo miles because he had omitted to bring aniodd farthing. When the transac tion was completed, thefarmer saitl — "Now, "Braco, I'll gie ye a shiln for a look at " your bags o' siller." The miser took his tenant and exhibited his treasures. " Ay " man, said the fanner, "I am now as " rich as yerscl.1' " Hoos that ?" inquired his Lordship. "Because I has seen ycr " siller, and ye can dae na mair." In that sentence is concentrated tlie philosophy of the money-getting passion. It was once observed to Dr. Johnson that avarice, is inherent in sonic dispositions. The sage replied — " No man was " ever born a miser, because no man was " born to possession. Every man is born " cupidus — desirous of getting ; but not " avnrus — desirous of keeping." And when Boswell quoted Sheridan that a com plete miser is a happy man, Johnson retorted — " That is flying in the face of all " the world, who have called an avaricious " man a miser because he is miserable." If one thing more than perhaps any other could exemplify the fact that the masses of mankind aro chronically illogical, we should find it, in the fact that all the world has agreed to contemn the thirst for riches as amongst the basest and most grovelling of the passions, whilst the pursuit of gain is counted by economists as the master- motive- of the race. If the selling and marting of his offices for gold made Bacon himself one of tho "meanest of mankind," we get an idea of what tho natnre of a Nathan Rothschild must degonerato to after thirty or forty years of an absolute absorption in tho task of raking money together and keeping it when got. That is probably the train of reasoning which caused Wordsworth to depict a " miser's "pensioner" as the lowest conceivable debasement. Thero aro stories told of two of Melbourne's most wealthy citizens who amidst their greatest opulence died in dread of destitution. Of one of them it is related that I10 had his scrip, deeds, parchments and deposit receipts regularly brought out to feast his eyes on them ; and yet, amidst all this glitter so great, was his dread of coming to want that he had his name entered in the hooks of a benevolent insti tution, and his subscription paid up in order to "mnko assurance double sure " and take a bond of fate." Tho othorrogu- larly insisted on being driven down to board mcotings of his directorates, in order to earn his conplo of guineas against " a rainy day." So that wo soo Barney Barnato was by np means a singular being, except in tho energetic steps ho took to guard against tho haunting evil of his dis mal forebodings. Milton mndo Mammon his most abject demon, and Dickens described the ghost of sordid old Jacob Marloy as girded by a chain composed of " cash boxes, keys, padiocks, ledgers, deeds, " and heavy purses wrought in steel." Robert Hall once said of a member of his congregation that he had such a little soul that it could not only he put in a nutshell, 'hut that if thoro wore a maggot hole in the shell it could creep out ; and, with equal contempt of greed, Eoote once said of a penurious acquaintance, " that lie would " take tho beam ojit of his own eyes if ho " could only soli the timber." Ono might well hope that it wns tho same creature who blow his candle out when dying, remarking that ho " could see to die in tho . " dark." It is possible, perhaps, to draw a dis tinction between tho inordinate do3iro of wealth and tho passion for hoarding. But when analysed tho second is contained in tho first, seeing that wlion fortunes oxo'oed a moderate bulk they can no longer ho used, but oniy possessed. A low yutUo ago a New York paper set down the seven richest men in tho world. They wero Li Hung Chang, land owner and pawnbroker, with £100,000,000 ; John D. Rockefeller, oil king, with £36,000,000 ; the Dulco of Westminster, land king, with £20,000,000 ; Colonel North, nitrate king, £20,000,000 ; Cornelius Vandorbilt, railway king, £20,000,000 ; Walt Qua, tea king, £20,000,000; and Baron Ilirsch, share nabob, £20,000,000. Some little time before the bursting of the South African financial bubble, a writer in a French magazine went to tho trouble of calculating tho for tunes of half a dozen of tho South African millionaires. Ho set down Mr. Bolt as the richest of the lot, with a fortune of £12,000,000 ; Mr. : Barnato next with £10,000,000 ; then Mr. Robinson, with £7,000,000 ; Mr. Rhodes, with £5,000,000 ; Mr. English, with £3,000,000, and Mr. Marars, with. £2,000,000. Eew of these men, if any, have lived for any higher motive than piling million on million. Recent revelations have shown that tho Rand raid, with its expenditure of blood and its mischievous > consequences to . tho Empire, was inspired by the Inst of wealth and power on the part of greedy speculators. These mammoth money hags may have their uses in the world, just as com- morants have, and other scavengers and obsceno birds of prey. In tho ease of Baron Hirsch he is said to have grown rich in spite of stupendous benevoloneos ; bnt tho common character of the class is that of the human hawk. It is impossible for any man by any possible kind of mere industry to creato millions in a single year. The man who 'accumulates at this rato simply exploits the toilers of the earth, and in doing so, by a wonderful law of retributive justice, generally makes himself more or less like that pitiable gold-haunted creaturo who, under the inspiration of his false god, flung himself into the sea to escape the dread of poverty. There are said to he seventy citizens in the United States whoso united fortunes amount to £510,000,000. A small per centage of them may still ho cstimablo characters in spite "of "the demoralising influences of great wealth ; and it is doubtless truo that these pevonty aro tho envy of most of the other seventy millions. Yet- it is certain that scarcely one enjoys life with half the zest that pertains to tho man of moderate means. Old Martin Tupper was. not far out in his estimate — " I have seen the riclt " man burdened with the fear of poverty ; " and I have seen many poor men buoyed " with all tho carelessness of wealth, for " the rich man had the spirit of a pauper." Such a spirit must liava possessed that South African diamond exploiter be fore he took his final leap that rid the earth of his worthlessness. Semper avarns eget, said Horace. The miser is always poor. But " I have as much as the most " if I have as much as I desire." And it is infinitely a wiser philosophy for .any man to labor to bring his mind to his con dition rather than to bring his condition to his mind. It lias been tersely said that tho epicure puts his purse aiito his holly, and the miser his holly into his purse. Between the two, if one had to make a choice from two evils, >the bon vivant is to be preferred to the- sordid scraper together of magni- tudinous possessions. A number of the recommendations of the Vine Growers' Conference would neces sarily impress tho mind of the Minister when tho deputation waited on him on Thursday. . There has been a steady demand on tho part of the vignerons that central wine cellars shall be established in Melbourne, and tho probability is that until these have been provided tho export trado in wine will not assumc- thc dimensions which it is capable of reaching. W e join in tho surprise expressed by tho Minister of Agriculture that privato enter- prise has not met the demand before now. In France private capital has been froely invested in establishments of tho kind, and with highly remunerative results to the investors. There is really no limit as to the ultimate expansion of tho wine in dustry in this colony, and it is difficult to understand the reluctance of capitalists to invest in a well secured venture, whilo rushing after Government and municipal securities at rates of interest less than 3 per cent. Tho Victorian investor seems to have lost much of his old dash since the hurst of tho "boom." What the Conference suggested was the subsi dising of a wine cellars company by the Government to the extent of £1 to every £2 privately subscribed, and Mr. Taverner lias promised to refer the matter to tho Cabinet. Of equal importance with the pro vision of a central cellar is tho necessity for creating local wineries, whore the produce of tho small vignerons would he purchased, stored and treated prior to being sent to the central stores in Melbourne. From tho point of view of the State, it is more impor tant to encourage the growth of small vine yards than largo ones, since each of tho former has to sustain a family, and tho only guarantee of success for the small cultivator is tho provision for tho ready purchase of his produce. Other recommendations of the Con ference, to the cirect that tho members of tho Viticultural Board ho made truly representative, and that the supervision of the Government inspectors over vineyards should bo made moro complete, aro not likely to arouse controversy. What will surprise a good many peoplo .is the statement of the deputation that tho wine shops in tho colony are acquiring an evil reputation, tho wine licence being in somo cases a moro blind for immoral practices, and in others made to cover sly grog selling. Those are charges which tho Government cannot afl'ord to disregard, since they not only have' their bear ing upon public morals, but u>on tho police administration. Tho law was so framed as to give special facilities for the opening of wine shops, on tho doublo ground that it was right to encourago a local industry, and that tho consumption of tho native wines in pro- foronco to tho fiery spirits of tho old world would strongthon tho cattso of temperance. If the wine shops havo boon diverted from their propor object there must ho some defect cither in tho law or in its administration. It is a very legitimate request on. tho part of tho vino growers that wine shops shall ha subjected to the same supervision as hotels, and kept strictly within their ono privilcgo of sell ing colonial wines. Thero is a good ileal in tho contention, too, that municipal valu ations should ho based upon tho prairie value of tho land until the vines reach the . hearing stage, and so produce income. This is ono of tho many njioinalics of our local taxation, which falls heavily upon tho man who improves his proporty, and leaves untouched lie who lots his estate remain a desert. The reply of tho municipalities to tho vino growors will ho that they havo nothing to do with the moral cllects of valuation, bnt have simply to ho guided by tho saleable value of tho property, no matter how that value has been acquired. From this point of view a vineyard becomes more valuablo gradually as the reproductive stago is ap Bleached. It was unfortunate that the Conference could not keep to the legitimate business in hand, but should havo been led into the tortuous. paths of fiscal controversy by a few rabid froo- traders. W bat are we to think of the men who approach the Government witli a demand for a direct subsidy of £100,000, and a bonus of 3d. per gallon 011 wino and Is. per gallon 011 brandy, and yet whino over the pro tective duty to coopers and sugar producers? The connection of the vine growers with tho - sugar duty is somewhat remote, and it is not very likely that any Government, in viow of the intro duction of hoot sugar production, would think of taking off a duty which does not press hardly upon the people. It is oven possible that sugar production in tho colony will ultimately rival in importance the wine industry itself. It is suggestivo of how much human nature there is about all seotions of mankind that each producer wants protection for himself and tho duties which protect his neighbor taken oil". Tho demand that dressed staves shall bo admitted duty free- was peculiarly un- graoious in tho circumstances, and we need not ho surprised that it was supported by tho involved verbiago which passes for argument in thoireo- trade cam pi We are told that " in view of tho valuo of " the greater quantity of our wino being " chiefly decided by its value for export, "and that as a large portion of it has' to " he exported in competition with lower " priced European wines, it is essential to " reduce the cost of production as much as " possible, in order to give, the grower a " reasonable profit and so stimulate in- " creased production, and., therefore more " employment for tho working classes." Jf this has any meaning at . all, it is a contention that to get staves dressed in Germany instead of in tho colony will add to the amount of work available for our working men 1 It is a pity that the more sensible members of the Conference did not koep their fanatical colleagues from entering upon a con troversy which could in no case holp their project. If tho only object is to cheapen production by tho remission of duties, how can it ho demanded that a tax shall ho lovicd upon1 the community for the special advantage of tho vignerons ? The want of sense displayed by some of the deputationists in plunging into a ques tion with which they wero hub imperfectly acquainted does not all'ecb the- morits..of the proposals made for the advancement of the wino industry. If tho opinions of the vignerons throughout- the colony could he ascertained, it wonld be found that the great majority dissent from tho views of Messrs. Buckley and Pounds just as strongly as did Messrs. Webb and Kennedy, M's.L.A., who accompanied the deputa tion. It would he unfair, consequently, to hold a whole class responsible for tho blunders of a few representatives. How the Minister will no doubt viow the matter is that wino production is an industry capable of enormous expansion in this colony, and that any reasonable pro posal for aiding it should bo viewed sympathetically by tho Government. It is right enough, as Mr. Taverner admits, that if thero is to ho a Board of Viticulture its members should he elected by tho vignerons, but when it is remembered how much unpleasant experience of Boards this country has had, peoplo will be ready to endorse the opinion of the Minister that it is not in accordance with tho principles of responsible government to allow Boards to usurp the functions of tho Department of Agriculture. Parliament holds tho Minis ter responsible for the actions of tho de partmental officers ; hut ho could not be made responsible for the proceedings of elective Boards, and therefore he must reserve a right to overrule them when the circumstances seoin to warrant that course. 