Personal Gossip- "Honest Tom" Brooker, of the S.A. Assembly, is a glutton for work. His constant query to the Government is, " Are you going to sit late to-night?" He is accordingly beloved of the gentle reporter, who, strange as it may seem, is occasionally glad to be able to spend an evening in the bosom of his family. Of course Tom has no idea that anyone would ever tire of listening to his platitudes, and this peculiarity naturally endears him to the gallery staff, who cannot follow the example of members aud make for the smoking rqom when the bores get up. They have to see it out to the bitter end. S.A. Assembly man Scherk, member for East Adelaide, is without doubt the most unaffected, genial, and withal popular occupant of the people's chamber. His speeches are most peculiar creations, and would be highly diverting reading if they were reported verbatim. Fot instance, here is a sentence :—" I was speaking to a member of ze Board of ze School of Mines, it is ze Chairman I refer to, I mean my frendt—my old frendt—my dear old frendt Mr. Bonython—he is a goot man—a very goot man," <fec. J. W. Hackett, M.L.C., editor and part proprietor of West Australian, is one of the best speakers in the Legislature, and by no means a slouch as a post-prandial spouter. Hackett is a Trinity College, Dublin, man, and a barrister of the Irish Bar, who. went through Sydney and Melbourne years ago and struck W.A. late in the eighties. He ran a sheep farm in the Sand Patch with disastrous results, but getting into the West Australian very cheaply with C. Harper, M.L.A., the sun shone on him. He and John Forrest are bosom pals; in fact, J. W. H. is Forrest's Adviser-in- Ordinary on all things, Hackett is a most enthusiastic batchelor. Sir John Forrest was only 22 when he led the expedition into the interior for lost Leichardt. No. 1 and No. 2 of the "Westralian convict system in the early days were John Patience and George Scatter good respectively. Circumstance is full of poetic ironies! " Bill" Martin says if everything else fails he can earn a living at plumbing. He learnt it during his fourteen days' lodging as the guest at Howell's Hotel. Adelaide Botanic Gardens Director Holtze spent ten years in Russia, and married a native lady, who is as kind, clever and hospitable as himself. With characteristic generosity, when complimented upon the improved appear-ance of the Gardens, he says, " Ah ! well, I am only doing what dear old Dr. Schomburgk would, have done if he had lived." One of the identities of Angaston is Professor Marshall, who is a living storehouse of information on scientific subjects. He has an unrivalled collection of skulls, and possesses perhaps the best complete skeleton in Australia. Marshall claims to have practically founded the London Psychical Research Society, and was the personal friend of Bradlaugh and Annie Besant in their troublesome days. The name Ranjitsinhji has been impudently given to most articles on sale just now, but THE CRITIC still waits for the genius with " Ranjitsinhji blacking." Considering that Ranji shines as a batsman, he would surely shine as a blacking ! Crown Solicitor Stuart has had a varied career. He has been at different times a London Post Office official, schoolmaster, bank manager, and law clerk. He once owned and worked a mine in the early days in N.S. Wales. He is also an amateur painter above the average. Editor Sowden, of S.A. Register, commenced as a comp. on that paper. Proprietor R. K. Thomas can boast of having worked in all the departments of the paper at different times, and set type like his father and grandfather before him. King O'Malley will not help his political arguments by using chunks of this Wild-West eloquence: " A man who leaves his whole property to some Church usually does it as a fire insurance on his degraded souland, " I ask the House not to act like midnight, skulking, famished, Texas prairie dogs, barking at the imaginary ghosts of their departed ancestors." What rot! Stated in the West that " hair-hanging-do wnhis-back " Yosper is to wedlock. Lady is said to affect the company of literary, or rather newspaper men. Vosper is the most aggressively picturesque personage in W.A. Parliament, and when he gets going is as voluble as a cataract. Shorthanders' sighs are frequent from the gallery when the member for N.E. Coolgardie is spouting. At least two ex-Victorian barristers have " fallen on their feet " in W. A.—H. E. Petherick, who has the snug Perth Town Clerkship, and R. W. Pennefather, Attorney-General in the Forrest Ministry. Pennefather has only been in W.A. for about 12 months, and having a keen eye for the main chance, picked on the Greenough seat as a " soft snap " at the general elections in May last, and got home easily. He is in partnership with sturdy old John Horgan, who is the reputed author of the famous " Six Families " phrase. Sir Daniel Cooper, N.S.W.'s temporary Agent-General, is 76. He is a wealthy landowner, and one of the best hated men in that province. Tas. Treasurer Fysh has no equal in Australian politics as a dreary debater. But he is blessed with a smart wife, whose quips and epigrams wear a Wilde flavor. At last the break of railway gauge difficulty declared to be solved. Two young Sydney siders, A. B. C. Higmad and M. NTeilly, have, after five year's study, invented an apparatus which is to be tested at Albury, so satisfied is Premier Reid as to its merits. Should the practical trial prove successful this will be the most important national invention to date, and the owners will reap their million. " Damchicago" Dibbs received a £5,000 legacy from the late millionaire Neale, practically for the banking legislation he introduced during the famous banking crisis. Had a certain bank gone Neale would have dropped a tidy sum, so he could afford to be generous to Dibbs for saving him. Berkeley Conigrave, who resigned from the 'Tiser reporting staff about 18 months ago, has a lucrative billet in the West under the Brookman wing. Died at York, W.A., last week, Edmund Stirling, a veteran journalist, aged 82. He was identified with Jarrahland journalism way back as far as 1832, when the first printing press arrived from Yan Diemen's Land. Stirling was connected with successive newspapers in the West till 1842, when he got hold of the Daily News, and from whose loins has sprung the Morning Herald. A man of enterprise, he built at his own cost the first telegraph line from Perth to Fremantle, the Govt, subsidising him to the extent of " digging the post-holes ' r and presenting him with a copy on silk of the first wire—despatched by Governor Bruce. Like ARGUS Hugh George and Melb. STANDARD Jimmy Thomson, Stirling " did" gaol for criminal libel once, for impugning the straightforwardness of a certain judge's decisions. On one occasion he broke out into a flash of Texan journalism with " Who told the Lie 1 The Knight or the Baronet 1 ?" and that heading cost him £50 and extras. It dealt with a parliamentary dispute between the late Sir T. Cockburn-Campbell and Gov. " Remember-meno-more" Robinson. W.A. loses a historical figure in Edmund Stirling, who was a gold mine of racy reminiscence, carrying right to the twilight of his life a vigorous intellect that had battled hard in the pioneering gone-by. * * * The tobacconist-plus-tote shop business pays. One of the most successful tote proprietors was a few years ago an unemployed bootmaker, and now boasts of having a bank balance of £5,000, entirely the result of running a half-crown tote. He is now at the back of a flourishing boot and shoe business, run by some of the striking bootmakers. From bootmaker to bookmaker to bootmaker ! Mr. R. E. N. Twopenny, editor of the Pastoral ists Review, visited Adelaide the other week, Tuppenny, as the boys used to call him, was a familiar figure on the football ground some years ago, and he gained fame as a smart player. He was at one time editor's secretary in the Register office, but is best remembered, perhaps, as a partner of Joubert's in the first Adelaide Exhibition. Subsequently he migrated to New Zealand, where he did good work on the press, and he has struck a patch in the pastoralists' organ. R. E. N. is a smart—some think fussy —-little man, thoroughly genial and generous, and overflowing with energy. Mark Twain is a model husband. When he and his wife are temporarily separated he writes to her twice a week, and the letters average 25 pages — 4,000 to 5,000 words. During a recent six month's absence he is estimated to have penned her 200,000 words. Mark says of them, " There is nothing I have written or read compared in value to these letters." MR. ALDERMAN RE ID, MR. ALDERMAN WARE. Adelaide Mayoral Candidates. 