' THE TRUE MOTHER OF NATIONS. Wo aro within measurable distance, it would appear, of the time in which wo may reasonably ; look for a solution of two of the most interest- I ing problems connected with the early history ! of mankind Tho one U tbo birthplace of tho j Aryan branch of the human family ; and tho . other, the actual existence, in former times, of that great archipelago which is supposed to havo constituted a series of stepping stones between Europe and Africa on the one aido, and i the two American continents upon tbo other, , and derived its name from Atlantis, tho largest and most important island of tho group ; a name which still survives in that of tho ocean beneath whoso waters tho archipelago is j boliavod to have been submerged. And those j two problems, at will presently appear, are | correlative. But before proceeding to speak of ; Dr. lo Plongeon's book it will be necessary to j glance at j THE LEGEND OF ATLANTIS. Solon was one of tho first to describe the island of Atlantis, of which he had received an , account from the priests of Sai3 when he visited Egypt, their information being based upon | their own sacred registers, to which tho Grecian sage was permitted free access. According to these documents, the Medi terranean, although a sea of consider able magnitude to the dwellers upon its shores, was a mere harbor by comparison with ; the real ocean outside the Pillars of Hercules. ! immense extent and thickly populated. It was i known as Atlantis, and was tho metropolis of : an empiro which had subjected to its rule a great part of Northern Africa, as well as of Western Europe and portions of the two American continents. Nine thousaud years before the date of Solon's visit to Egypt a frightful cataclysm is alleged to have occurred in tbo region of Atlantis. Earthquakes and violent rains spent their full forco | upon the doomed island, and in a single day and night it disappeared, with its 64,000,000 of inhabitants, beneath the engulf ing waters of tho sea. Solon was so much struck with this wonderful storj that he deter mined to make it the theme of a poem, which he left unfinished. It is believed to b&ve; reached the hands of Plato, who was a descendant of the Athenian law giver; « and he embodied tho information it contained in ! the well-known dialogue between Critias and j Socrates. Plato seems to have entertained no doubt of the truthfulness of the narrative fur nished to his ancestor by the Egyptian priests ; and whether true or fabulous, many of its details were corroborated by Homer, Hesiod, Euripides, Strabo, Pliny, zElian, Tcrtullion and others. DISCREDITED AS A FABLE. It was only natural that the statements of Solon and Plato, which implied that portions of tho earth were thickly peopled 5000 years before the alleged date of the creation of man, should be ridiculed and denounced by the scholarship of early and mediaeval Christendom. "A pre posterous fable, of pagan invention, was the verdict of thoae who, at the same time, stigma tised the father of history as "the father of liars"— although the scrupulous truthful ness of Herodotus is now universally ac knowledged, and it has been reserved for the nineteenth century to verify his much sneered at description of the African pigmies. Solon's "credulity" and Plato's acceptance of "old wives' fables" as historical facts were themes for many a Bcholastic jest by men who felt their own self-importance greatly inflated by a supercilious depreciation of two such ori ginal thinkers as the law giver of Athena and the pupil of Socrates. And so, for many cen turies, the island of Atlantis was regarded as no les3 mythical than " the fabulous cities"— as they wore thoa called— of Herculaneum and Pompeii. But, in tho years 1SU-43, Mr. Stephens published two volumes of travels, In which he related his DISCOVERIES IX YUCATAN. These revealed the existence of 44 cities of great former magnificence, the ruins of which were partly concealed by a forest growth of cen turies. There were sumptuous palaces of vast extent, adorned with carvings denoting- an advanced condition of the fine arts on the part of their executants, while the architecture of these and similar edifices was characterised by the fulness of its proportions and the elegance of its details. In the year 1830 31. Charnay explored this region, which he described A3 " covered from north to south with the vastest, most important and most wonderful monuments of an ancient civilisation." Pyramids innumer able, resembling in design and construction those of Egypt ; massive palaces, enriched with sculptures as delicate and elaborate as those of the gorgeous temples and tombs of Hindostan ; mural paintings, represent ing priestly processions and warlike ex ploits ; and colossal halls, into which the explorer had to cut bis way through a jungle of tropical vegetation, made incessant demands upon his admiration and astonish ment, and he might well be suspected of em broidering his narrative with a little romance were it not that its accuracy is confirmed by the numerous photographs he brought away with him. M. Charnay renewed his researches in Yucatan and in the neighboring country of Mexico in 1SS0, and found himself, as he ex presses it, "in an ocean of ruins, not inferior in size to those of Egypt," in proof of which he mentions that at Teotihuacan he mea sured one building 2000 feet wide on each side, and 15 pyramids, each nearly as large as the base of that of Cheop3. The place, which must have been as vast as ancient Memphis, was of incalculable antiquity7; but he found that its very highways, some of which were lined with palaces, were composed of broken bricks and pottery, the d4bri3 left by still earlier populations, hardly less civilised, perhaps, than their successors. Strangest of all, the works of this vanished race were full of surprising analogies to those of the ancient European races. " The masonry was similar ; the cement the same ; the sculptures alike ; the bronze com posed of the same elements in the same propor tions ; the use of the arch identical, and the bricks glassware, pottery and porcelain re sembling those of the E&starn; world. And to increase tho traveller's perplexity, he found among the sculptures representations of the elephant and the lion, vboth animals being unknown in America. What was the PROBABLE SOLUTION OF THE MYSTERY 1 The most plausible was that put forward about 17 years ago in a book entitled " Atlantis, the Antediluvian "World," originally published in New York, where it went through nearly 30 editions. The contentions of its author, Mr. Ignatius Donnelly, were these That Plato's description of the Island of Atlantis and its geographical position was perfectly true ; that it was the seat of the earliest civilisation ; that by its overflowing population. Central Amorica, tbo valleyB of the Amazon and the Mississipi, the Pacific coast of South America, the west coast of Europe and Africa, the countries bordering on the Mediterranean and portions of Asia, were successively colonised, one of tho earliest of these colonies being Egypt ; that the original religion of Atlantis was sun worship ; that the implements of the bronze age in Europe were derived from thence ; that its alphabet was the parent of the Phoenician, and was conveyed from Atlantis to the Mayas of Central America; that the islaud perished in a stupendous con vulsion of nature ; and that the few who escaped carried the tidings of the catastrophe to the east and west, thus originating that tradi tion of a great Deluge which has been found to be rife in every part of the world — among the Bed Indians of North America no less than among the early dwellers in Chaldea. To support these views, Mr. Donnelly adduced a great mass of evidence, gathered by patient researches, as creditable to his patience as to bis enthusiasm, and mainly directed to show the identity of the civilisations, religious beliefs, arts, language, literature, customs, folk lore and games of the advanced races formerly occupying the "new world " with those of the peoples who are assumed to have been their kindred on the eastern side of the Atlantic. "These two peoples," writes Mr. Donnelly, " separated by the great ocean, were baptised alike in infancy with blessed water ; they prayed alike to the gods ; they worshipped together tho Bun, moon and utars ; they con fessed their sins aliko; they wero instructed alike by an established priesthood ; they armed themselves with tits tamo weapons; they were married in tho came way by tho joining of hands ; when children came the man on both continents went to bed and loft his wife to do the honors of tho household ; they tattooed and painted themselves in the pamo fashion ; they became intoxicated on kindred drinks; their dresses wore alike ; they cooked in tho same manner; they used tho Bame metals ; they employed tho same oxorcisms and bleedings for disease ; they believed alike in ghosts, demons and fairies ; they listened to the Bamo stories ; they used the same musical instruments ; they danced the same dances ; and when they died, they were embalmed in tho samo way and buried sitting ; while over them were erected, on both continents, tho samo mounds, pyramids, obelisks and temples." These aro certainly etriding coincidences ; but more startling than all are tho extraordinary resemblances which aro discoverable between the Maya alphabet— presumably that of tho Atlanteans — and tho Phoenician, as also between tho Chiapenco tongue— a branch of tho Mayoa — and tho Hebrew, a branch of the Phoenician. THE DISCOVERIES OF DR. LE PLONGEON. But, upon this interesting point, a flood of light is now cast by the investigations of Dr. Lo Tiongeon, a physician of New York, who for 25 years has continuously applied himself | to tho study of archaeology in America. After | making himself master of tho antiquities of Mexico or.i Per.: he sr.d hi® -rit- j spent 12 years in Yucatan, much of the time iu its forests, living with the Mayas, and ; acquiring a perfect knowledge of their I language, which he says "is still spoken by thousands of human being?, and in which the I inscriptions sculptured on the walls of the j temples and palaces in tho ruined cities ! of Yucatan arc written, as aro also the few books of the ancient Mays sages that have come to our hand." Unfortunately the ignorant and brutal Spaniards destroyed all the Maya literature the could lay their hands on, under the pre text that it was of Satanic origin ; but wliat has escaped their superstitious rage is of tho utmost value as " revealing the origin of many narratives that have come down to us as traditions in tho Facred books of various nations." Theso books teach, for example, "tho true meaning of the tree of knowledge in the middle of tho garden, and of the tempta. tion of the woman by tho ecrpcnt offering her a fruit." More interesting still, the Maya writings apeak in no uncertain way of the existence, sub mergence and destruction of a large island in the Atlantic Ocean. "Of this dreadful cata clysm, in which perished 64,000,000 of human beings," writes Dr. Le Plongeon, " four different authors have left descriptions in the Maya language. Two of these narratives are illus- trated — that contained in the Troano M.S., the other iu the codox Corteaianus." The first of these, written for tho use of the Maya priests and noblemen, is now in the possession of the French Government. HIDDEN LIBRARIES. \- Further explorations of tho ruined temples and pyramids of Yucatan, the author of this book encourages us to hope, may reveal and restore to the world the libraries of the Maya sages, which "were hidden about the beginning of the Christian era to save them from destruc tion At tbo bands of the devastating hordes that invaded tlicir country in those times"; and may enablo the finders "to learn from their contents the wisdom of those ancient philo sophers, of which that preserved in the books of the Brahmins is but a reflection. That wisdom was no doubt brought to India, and from thence carried to Babylon and Egypt in very remote ages by those Maya adepts (Xaacel, "the exalted"), who, starting from the land of their birth as missionaries of religion and civilisation, went to Burmab, where they became known as Xagas, and established them selves in the Deccan, whence they carried their civilising work all over the earth." Anything more revolutionary in tone atid tendency than Dr. Le Plongeon's book it would .be difficult to imagine. It subverts all our best established ethnological theories and notions, transfers the cradle of the Aryan family from the north or the centre of Asia to the "fabu lous" ' island of Atlantis, identifies it with the Biblical Eden and the classical gardens of the Hesperidcs, and regards it as a foyer from whence radiated ail the great civilisations of antiquity. Nor does he ask bis readers to accept conjectures or hypotheses, but relates to them the facts he has learned from the sculptures, and the monumental in scriptions carved on the walls of the ruined palaces of the Mayas, the record of which U likewise contained in such of their books as have escaped destruction. THE GREEK AND MAYA ALPHABETS. One of the four narratives <of the great con« vulsion previously referred to is an epic poem, written in the Maya language, each line of which, formed by a composite word, "is the name of one of the letters of the Greek alphabet, re arranged as we have it 403 years B.C., under thearchonship of Euclydes." The Maya equi valenti of that alphabet arc given as follows :— Alpaaha, Beta, Kauima, Telta,EpzUonom, Zeta, Etha, Thetheehhft, Iota, Kapaa, Lambeta Mu, Ni, Xi, Omikleon, Pi, Laho, Ziikma, Tau, Upazileon, Peki, Chi, Pczi, Omeega. The Maya alphabet thus arranged conveyed the « following meaning: — " Heaviiy break tho waters extending over the plains. They cover the land in low places where there are obstruc tions; shores form and whirlpools strike the earth with water. The water spreads on all that lives and moves. Sediments give wav. Submerged is the land of Mu. The peaks only appear above the water. Whirlwinds blow around by little and little, until comes cold air. Before where existed valleys, now nbyssej, frozen tank3. In circular places clay formed. A mouth open3, vapors come forth and .volcania sediments." According to Dr. Le Plongeon, when tho Athenian alphabet was re-arranged, as men tioned abovof.-the grammarians "adopted for the names of their letters words formed by tho agglutination of the various vocables composing each line of the Mayaepic. In this most in teresting philological and historical fact will bo found the reason why certain letters having tho same value were placed apart, instead of being juxtaposed, as they naturally should be. "SVhat else could have induced Euclid and his colla borators, men of intelligence and learning, to separate the Epsilon from the Eta, the Theta from the Tau; to place the Omikron in the middle and the Omega at the end of the alphabet ? " Of the high intellectual development attained by the Mayas, we have a sufficient proof in the fact that they were mathematicians, astrono mers, architects, navigators and geographers. They could calculate longitudes and latitudes ; they were familiar with plane and spherical trigonometry. "They had computed tho Bizo of the earth, estimated the dis tance from polo to polo, and calculated ! the length of the meridian." They are behoved | to havo originated the decimal Bjstem ; and in their subdivision of the circle they "chose tho twenty millionth part of one half of the meri dian — that is, the metro— instead of the ten millionth part of the distance between the poles of the earth, as did the Egyptians." Dr. Le Plongeon's very remarkable work is illustrated by upwards of 70 epgravings, chiefly from photographs and original drawings by tho author, representing the architecture, sculp tures, fresco paintings aud other remains found in tbo ruined cities of Yucatan, and nothing now ssems wanting to firmly estab lish the former existence of the island of Atlantes but submarine explorations — if these were possible ut such a depth — of the threo ridges at the bottom of the Atlantic, the gene ral outlines of which were defined by tho dredg ing operations of the Challenger and the Dolphin ; and where should be found tho ruins of the submerged metropolis of a great empire, if it is anything more than a fable. 