GOOD FRIDAY. SOME TYPICAL OBSERVANCES. The most solemn Christian anniversary of the year has lost little of its impressiveness by the lapse of ages; although it has been shorn somewhat of the sombrely picturesque ceremonials which accompanied its obser vance in former times. Perhaps one of the most persistent of its adjuncts, and one of tbs most interesting from an antiquarian point of view, is the practice of eating “ hot cross buns” on this day, for both the name and the symbol are of Greek origin, and date back to times much earlier than the Crocifixion. The boun was a species of Baored cake, composed of flour and honey, and marked with an emblem exactly re- Eetnbling the crosß, which was offered to the gods; and mention is made of its having been so used by Empedocles, about- 440 DC. And it is probably allnded to by Jeremiah in the question pnt to him by certain persons who bad practised idolatry:— ‘Whenwe homed incense to the queen of heaven, and poured out drink offerings to her, did we make her cakes to worship her ?’ A similar custom prevailed in countries so wide apart as Mexico and China; so that what we have adopted as a Christian usage is really traceable to pagan times and pre cedents. The practice of eating hot cross buns on Good Friday is, however, peculiarly English, and does not prevail upon the Con tinent of Europe. In the prs-Reformation days the kings of England nsed to distribute, upon the day of the Passion, certain rings which were enpposed to be an infallible specific for the cramp; and these were solemnly blessed before tbeir distribution. The ceremonial observed upon snch occasions was striking and characteristic. A carpet was spread upon the pavement of the royal chapel, and on it was a cushion, bearing a crucifix. The king crawled along the carpet to the crucifix, and having blessed the rings, dropped them into a silver basin. The Queen and the ladies of the court then fol lowed the royal example, and the cramp rings were believed to be endowed with curative powers from thenceforth. There seems to have been a good deal of faith healing even in those distant times. But the most imposing observance of Good Triday in Catholic England assumed a some what dramatic or pictorial character. A figure of Christ, suspended from a cross, waß borue round the altar by two priests, inton iog canticles or hymns expressive of the deepest pain and pathos. The figure, crowned with thorns, exhibiting a spear thrust in its side, was then reverently laid upon the ground; ail the priests approaching it in sue cstsioo, and, kneeling down, with many sobs and sighs, they kissed the wonnded hands and feet. After which the members of the congregation were permitted to do the same; each bringing an offering of coin or eggs, or eome other article of food. A representation of the entombment followed'; and the figure was committed to the earth by torchlight, with funereal chants, the burniog of incense, and the strewing of flowers upon the grave. In its way a solemn ceremonial of this kind was well calculated to impress every feature of the great eveat thus depicted very powerfully and darably oa the minds of the wor shippers. Few celebrations of Good Friday, however, are so impressive as the singing of the “ Miserere ” in the Sistine Chapel at Rome, The composition is as wonderful as the edifice in which it is accustomed to bs sang. The Pope, arrayed in a purple mantle and wearing a silver tiara, atands before the altar, there is the sound of a trampet, and clear and resonant ring oat the words, Popvlus ncus quid feci libi ? As to the * Miserere,’ sang antiphonally by some of the loveliest of voices, its effect is indescribable, It is inexpressibly sad and poignantly pathetic. One by one the torches are ex tinguished; the twilight approaches, and on the last note of the penitential psalm people glide out of the buildiog as noiselessly as if they were phantomß, so deep is the spell imposed upon them by the masterpiece of Gregorio Allegri. In the beautiful cathedral at Seville, one of the most superb speaimeuß af ecclesiastical architecture in Spain, the writer witnessed, a few years ago, on Good Friday, the sin gularly impressive spectacle of the Ires horns, which lasts for three hours, viz,, from noon until 3 o’clock p.m. While it lasted all natural light was entirely ex cluded from the saored edifice. The high altar was veiled in blaok, and underneath a canopy of the same color was erected a gigantio cross, dimly illuminated by six wax tapers, and the body of the building was filled with kneeling women, wearing mourn ing apparel and veils to correspond. Ab the clock struck 12, a priest ascended the pulpit and began to descant upon the seven words or sentences spoken by Jesus on the Cross; the intervals between each section baviog been filled np with solemn musio, composed for the pnrpose by Haydn. The whole was bo carefully timed ; that the clock Btruck three as the preacher was uttering the words ‘lt ia finished!' Then in a load and impassioned voice be proclaimed the consummation of the awful tragedy the people had assembled to com memorate; and the ceremonial concluded by a musical narrative, so to speak, of the great physical convulsions which are described as having followed the death of the Saviour. The Spaniards bad and probably still have a tradition that all persons who are born on Good Friday enjoy the rather unenviable privilege of seeing ghosts, bat only the ghosts of those who have died a violent death, and only when passing the plaoe in which such persons have been buried. One of the Kings of Spain, Philip the Fourth, had the misfortune to be born on that day, and according tn that curious bonk, De Miraculus Morluorum, by Dr C. P. Gar mann, the King always carried bis bead so high as to completely overlook any spectres who might cross his path. He was certainly one of the most nnlnoky of mnnarcbß, for daring his reign Spain lost the Netherlands, Portugal, Catalonia, Artors, Reuaillon, Hainßult, Luxemburg, Alsace, and 14 cities in Flanders. 