Mr.. Buggles's ;Con- . version. By Grosvenor Bnnster. '? 'Ghoita I' sneered Mr. Bn'gglfs, ''bah! rot I humbug). Figments of the imagina \- tion, my dear sir— disordered digestion, queer lirer and bo on, / know. Why, Bir, my wife, .poor girl, used to say when she was in n .temper (as sbe. usually was), used to Bay thnt if she died first she'd haunt me. Haunt me 1 ha I ha I ha I Poor girl, poor silly oirl I' Mr. Buggies was sitting over his wine with three or four cronies. In the gloom of the evening, the fitful gleams of the fire had suggested to one of the guests the idea ol ghostB. He was a tall, lean, sepulchral sort of man with a voice that seemed to issue from some hollow drum, and altogether one of those persons who, we should be naturally disposed to think, was given to supernatural fancies. Moreover, he drank gin. His name . was Jubbfl. 'Well, I don't know,' said Mr. Jubbs.. ' Perhaps some of these day's ahe'il kefcp her word.' ? ' Eh ?' cried Mr. Baggies, setting down the glass which he was in the act of. rising tp bis lips. ? ' Eb?' ' ' I say that perhaps she'll keep her word.' ' Pooh, poob,' said Mr. Buggies. ' Don't talk like an asB, Jubbs. Tut, tut, to think thit a man of your abilities and— ah— so .on, should talk like.tbat,'. ' Well,' said a heavy-looking man named links, ' I don't know,!' and he drank off his glass of port, - ' There's ho '.'telling,' observed.' a small man with spectacles at the other end of the table. ' Shakispeare tells us that there are more things in Vheaveri and earth than arc dreamt of in our'philoaopby.'V ' Shakespeare,*, said Mr. Baggies com-, placently, ' was %— a— fool.' Mr. Buggies was not the first'person in the world who had given utterance to thin ! opinion. In the reign of the George the Third intellect, ' Shakespeare is poor stuff,' and the George the Third intellect is the average order. Mr. links and Mr. Jubbs felt aggrieved. But when a man is dining' with another be ! is, of course, compelled to keep his opinions ' to himBelf. It was not until they were walking through Fitzroy Gardens on their homeward way that they expressed tliem lelrea ver7 strongly about Mr. Buggies' ri:.!e method of disposing of a debateuMe question. ' If it hadn't been I was Bitting there as Jis guest,'Baid Jinks, 'I'd ha' told him'what [ thought of bim.' ? '.Tell you what,' Baid Jubbs, 'it would lerve bim right to give him a scare.' . ' It would. If we could raise the ghest of its wife now. Poor woman, no wonder she . lied.' . v i V We'll do it,' cried the other with en- I :husiasm. 11 We'll do it. Confound the fellow with his self-opinionated airs. I'd | ike to see him taken down a peg.' j . Whereupon the two-friends tncreand then ?esolvcd that the thing should be done, con- 1 rinced that it would be the more easy, of i iccomplisbment, inasmuch as each instinct vely felt that Mr. Buggies was a rank im- i luster, and like most bodies, an arrant :oward. Time passed, .and Buggies still maintained lis defiant attitude as to the existence of ;hosts. Nevertheless, he bad latterly been 10'mewhat agitated by sundry and divers sccentrio noises and movements around and ibout -his house, which was a comfortable labitation in Fitzroy, standing in a goodly jarden and backed by a considerable field, vherein an Alderney cow grazed. Now this :ow had latterly exhibited some evidence of iberrations of intellect. She would begin to Dellow for no ascertainably reason about midnight, and if not locked up in tho stable Evould tear around the enclosure farioi^lyv Buggies consulted a veterinary Burgeon, who iXamined the animal, and pronounced her 13 healthy a cow as any in existence. 'Then what makes her fly around at uight And bellow fit' to raise the roof oS?' cried Buggies, irritably. 'Dashed if I can tell,' said the Vet., ' unless something frightens her. Maybe,' be added, jocularly, 'a ghost is around, and it don't agree with her.' .This was a joke, but it struck~Buggles, not only as a bad one, but as one uncon sciously aimed at his heterodox notions in . the subject of ghosts. He told the Vet.' that he talked like a fool, but as be paid that worthy a guinea, the impertinence was pocketed with the cow — complacently. But this was not all. Contemporaneously with the cow movement, there were other signs 'i' tho air' of eupernatural :bigh Jinks. Every cat in the neighborhood seemed. to.be animated by dome interest of unusual character. They scattered about tbe-roof, moaning and spitting fearfully.. The huoting of mopebawks could be heard ; while d!imal_ tnoanings outside Buggies' bedroom window/ and sometimes a' weird but suppressed ibriek added to these fear some episodes. As for the watchdog, he yelped, and howled, and bayed, and barked until he grew as hoarse as a raven. And Bug lows began to be nervous. He put lAft servants on watch, and got a policeman to keep an eye on the premises. No good ; th-. nnw went on. as before, eo did the cats, did the mopebawks, so did the dog, anu the moanB and screams did not cease. It waB getting serious. Buggies had to drink an extra gloss or two .of toddy every night to steady his nerves. He went bo far as to speak to his friends, with affected jocularity, about these matters. But they looked grave ; Jinks shook his head solemn ly, and' Jubb's repeated Shakespeare's lines reflectively. 'Well, I'll end it somehow,' said Buggies one starlit but rough night, as he sat listen ing to the moaning ol the wind, and the rat tling of the window shutters. ' There I There goes that darned cow again, and — and — ' . A mournful cry was heard, as from one in great agony, and just close to the houBC. Buggies shook. 'If it be possible, after all,' he muttered, 'and ehe has kept -her word) Perhaps I didn't treat her, over and above well — sometimes.' Sometimes I The late lamented Mrs. Bug gies had led such a life that death must nave been welcome to her. A faint consciousucBs of this circumstance added to the terrors which now began to take hold upon Mr. BugglcB' imagination. ' I'll sell the place I' he muttered, ' and that cow shall bo slaughtered to-morrow. Gracious I how that dog is barking. I can't stand it ; anything is better than this sus pense, I'll face it, whatever it is.' And he buttoned up his coat, and clapped his hat upon his bead with an air of mauful determination. Seizing the first weapon at hand— it happened to be a hammer which he was in the habit of using to crack geolo gical specimens (for be dabbled in science, did Buggies)— he issued forth into the gardon. This bo traversed. Nothing was to be seen, and it was with a firmer step and stouter heart that be passed into tho field. The cow was stabled, but she was lowing mourn fully. As I havo said, the night was clear, but the guib of wind which passed the field and bent and swayed the trees therein, moaning the while, lent an uncanny influence to the time and scene. Again Mr. Buggies' spirits fell, and a creepy feeling came over him. He shivered, paused, and wis about to turn back, when his eyes fell upon an object, the sight of which mado bim jump into the air like an acrobat, dropping his hammer in the action. And then he stood stock still, paralysed by fear, and gazing with eyes that Btarted from their scckcts, and sus pended breathing at the thing before bim. It was a figure of a woman, clothed from head to foot in a white garment, which covered her arms close into her body. Buggies could not recognise tho features because they also were covered, but his ex. cited imagination and accusing conscience terealed to bim that the figure was that of his dead wife, and chat wlthout loabt she had kept her word and had come from the shades to haunt bim tblis. The 'figuro did not move, save that it swayed in the wind .in which its ghostly garments flutteredfiyer and anon. Mr. Buggies gazed until his' knee gave away, and at last, with a suppressed shriek, he fell to the ground insensible. ', How long be lay thus I do not know. When he recovered hifajself and sat np, and turned his eyes fearfully towards the spot I npon which he had seen tho apparition it was gone. He crawled back fearfully to the house, let himself in with a latch-key, and ?repairing to a spirit closet, Bwallowed a vast gljias of brandy ; then he crept to bed. j But no sleep came to him. The gruesome ?; sight he had looked npon haunted him i through the night, and'.for many a night thereafter. But, singuiariy enough, from [ that night the ' trouble^ 'ceased. The caw : ceased to bellow, the cats banished their ' conoerts to just and natural proportions, tha watch-dog no longer barked his tail off. Aud, though Buggies set some stout fellows on the watch none of them ever saw the ghost. As for the mopehawlis, everybody sniggered when Buggies spoke about them: Mope bawks in the centra ot 'Fitzroy— poohrl ridiculous I ? „ ' ' . However, Mr. Buggies' experience, had a very salutary effect upon his mind and man. ner. He no longer argued ' witb^such dojh matic offensiveness. and, to the surprise 01 his friends, would listen to the most extra, ordinary statements witli an air of credulity and' humble trust, wholly different to that Belf-assertive manner with which he bad been won't to dispute-matters beyond his ken. Altogether he cos a chp.nged- man, and Jubband Jinks plumed themselves Upon the success nnd efl^ctd of their plans, . with very good reason. - ' r'-M 1 For it was indeed to their, ingenious in-'-* yention that the matter wits to be traced. , The veterinary surgeon.who bad been called' in by Mr, Buggies to inspect the cow Was in; the secret. It was he who scrjiplied certain herbs which, partaken qf by the animal — ' being dropped into- the 'field ddring thefiay — brought about spasms about midnight. Her bellowinga were bnt an .expression of pain ; but, as Ur. Unggles conld potlfead cow langnage he had been unable jo inter prettheBe. As for the cats, tho w:dk;d con spirator had gathered them. far and wide, encased their claws in w-t:cut shells, t.ed I their tails together, and otherwise caused them to contribute to the. hjbbr.fc. Of course, all this cnaae the dug hark, while ths ' mopebawks K-era.simjlated very -tsii j. I And furi'tiei, tne figure which had »ca re- Mr. co dreadfully uraa nothing mj,. | than a ?«»bioa- frame such S3 liaen-drapi.-, j use to ..'x'muti ladies' dreues. The tr.ii after ail, wai vsf# simn'is. but it '.ja t-esV conducted thai iij J-d I liadibeen enabled to make it out, or expose 1 tbe fraud. And, as the result had- been so ! happy, Jinks and Juhhs consoled themselves ] with tbe reflection that the end sometimes I does, indeed, justify the means. | 