BREVITIES. The Right Rev. P. V. Dwyer, Coadjutor- Bishop of Maitland, is the first native-born Australian elevated to the R.C. episcopal bench. Annual meeting of the Parramatta District Hospital on Friday evening next. The Pitt Town Settlement is quite dead now. Wonder how much it cost. Writs for the Federal Convention will be issued on Anniversary Day, January 26th. Nominations are to be lodged before 6 p.m. of February 11th. The election will take place on March 4th. Only New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia and Tasmania will be represented. The Convention will meet in Sydney on March 29. An advortiaed ' fcv.ingelist serving under Apostles ' is lvctnring nt, Auburn on .'? Tae Second Coming.' '? Liverpool vignorons now declure that phvlloxcru vnstntrix is hurmlccd ! Will unybody declure us much for Liverpool vignurons? Tlio Anous thinks some nstruinfc should be put upon them. Anolhar trip to Msuily to-morrow. JIuriioipnl elections generally very quiot. Mr. BartoD will speak on feaorutiOQ at ttrun villo next Thursday eveuir.g. District councils and road trusts should en deavour to push on local works, so us to give fr uitijrowers a chance to earn something. Mast of them aro handy at voad-innkiug und bridge building, and could earn something until a brighter season sets in. Mr. Garrara and Mr. Farnell might use their influence with the_ Government jus', now to get special grants and' give the growers a show to mnke a recovery. ' 3U-. W. O. Pinnock is leaving for West Australia. Nico wonther ! Temperature 49 dogreos in AuoOT Office on Monday morning. On Wed nesday .100 de?. ! Let us frizzle and perish. London 'Truth ' deoluros that there whb no Fisher's ghost mystoiy. Labby iB a por vottor. , ? ?, ' ' David Korr, of Rydalmero, has hnd his arm ampututod at the Purramatta Hospitul. Several fefiidantB intbnd getting up a benefit concert for him. .?'?_- . . . _ ,. , Siudies resumed ai. Tho Cedars, Miss Inghs', and Linden House next week. , . liichardBon and Wrench will olfer valuable | Brush Earm properties next Friday. I A mammoih egg on view at- The Augus I Offlco, kid by u black Bpauieh hen, weighs a f trifle over 4 obs. The hen is tho property of Mr. Cairns, sen., of Elizabeth Farm. I Teaderfl required for excavating and carting I soil and laying druin pipes at Bunlkham Hills. I Fniitgroweru of tbe district will meet tho I Board for Exports at Purramatt* to-day, to i discuss onuigo dbipments for aost soaaon. There iB likely' to bo a big mustor from all parts. Tenders required for road works at Kent hurst. ?.'?..? i Lso, Pnine nnd Caitor have diaoolved part nership at Smithfiold. . Anderson's new season Beads lira now obtain able ut The Aliens Offito. Tenders required for plastering at Pymblo. 'An Opponent' attauks M.r. Garrurd in to.day's Anous over the Kosuhill railway. There lire 79 telephones in Puiramatta, 18 at Eookwood, 42 at OuBtlo Hill. Schmlulea und entry forniH for tho Eoyal i Auricultuial Society's show may be obtained at The Arous Offioo. Tenders required for oloaring at Marefield. I Tbore wub a big house at tho Uospical ! dramatic entertainment on Wednesday evening. j '?'Wivho'o ' is highly BpoUen of for indiges tion and liver oompluint. An official announcement appears to-day about the alignment of Argyle-street, Parra- matta. The funeral of Miss Thorne, of Goulburn, was conducted by Messrs. Metcalfe and Wil- kinson, of Church-street, Parramatta, not as stated last week. Frost at Pennant Hills on Sunday night. The Fruitgrowers' Central Council made a very good start on Friday night of last week. The meeting then held was most representa- tive in character. The Rev. W. W. Rutledge, of the Centenary Hall, Sydney, preaches in the Wesleyan Church, Parramatta, next Sunday morning and evening. His morning subject will be, "Education — Secular and Sacred" and the evening "Accepted or Rejected."* Mr. Rutledge also preaches at Baulkham Hills at 3 p.m.* Mr. Brown, of Albion-street, dropped off the roof of Architect Stowe's new house this week and incurred internal injuries. He is on the mend. 1 Reported that Kir. Brachor will oppose Mr. 1 Mahony at urranville. 1 Mr. Murphy, of Iron-street, .nearly took Mb 1 finger oil while ohissollmg thin woolc. I Mis* McDonald, of Parramatta North, is ro il covering Horn a severe attack of pneumonia. Annual meeting of Paaramatta School of Arts next Friday. Mr. G. T. Hunt, of Sorrcll -street, had n serious fall in Sydney, on Thursday, sustaining internal and external injuries. Mr. John Taylor hus a furniture sale ut Seven Hills road noxt Wednesday. , Miss Swainb will leotura on gas cookery at tho Town Hall, Hunter's Hill, next Thursday. Tenders required for roud works m the Parramatta district, and extoneion water-mains to Granville Park. Fred. W. Brown (late of Post and Telegraph I Dopartmont) desires to notify his many fiieuds that he ifl carrying on buBinsas ua lliiirdroaser and Tobacconist in tbo shop lately occupied by McKoo Bros., opposite Post Office.* Mr. L. A. Simpson has the highest certiflontes for dentistry und over 100 testimonials cun be Been at bis surgery, Church-street, next to Lennox Bridge.* Mr. Simpson has nil the latest instruments for dentistry. All surgical operations a sped I ality. The poor aro attended to freo of ohurgo I on Thursday mornings.* Mr. L. A. Simpson, dental BurReon.Church Btreet, next to Lennox Bridge. Gold fillitgs, I £1 ; amalgam, 6s ; oemont, 6s. Gold erownfl, I pivot teath fitted. Gas und ohlorofonn ad 3 ainisterod. Children's teeth regulated. All j operations executod with tho highest skill.* I Mr. L. A. Simpson, dental surgeon, Church | »treet, noxt to Lennox Bridge. Prices: — I VukaDite from 5a per single tooth, full set I from £3 39. Tooth on gold or platinn. Seven I years' guarantee given with all.work.' 