DR. ILLIAMIS' PINK PILLS. HAVE CURED MR. THOMAS JARVIS OF LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA AFTER DOCTORS AND HOSPITALS HAVE UTTERLY FAILED. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, LONG' BEEN CONSIDERED INCURABLE DY THE MEDICAL PROFESSION, HAS Al LAST BEEN CONQUERED. HAS A MIRACLE BEEN PERFORMED I From tlhe "Australian Workman." In reply to the preliminary quealion., said: " iou want to know all about my case! Veill, 1 am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts my be of value to those who are stricken as I war., About fire years ago, next Christmas I wet with an accident. I was badly acalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island," " What were the symptoms!" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible, They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my hones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else, I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a mwell. known doctor, and he toll me my case was utterly hopeless. HIowever, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order f" " No; I came homne and went to bed, and' have been pretty well in bed ever since, Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that is ane all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. ly doctor was attending me, and did all lie could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in, " I was under him for five or six weeks. Ile canme to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxy, or progressive locomotor atasxy, a disease of the spieal cord, charoc. terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and dilliculty in co- ordinating voluntary move. monts. lie told me that I might last for 16 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then tihe patient kicked his legs about with energy to allow that medical opinion is not infallihle.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp ata straw, I grasped at on idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the 'Australian Wo'rkmose' by Dr. Williama' Pink Pills for Pale People, I read in the advertisement of a case' which seemed to fit my own. I datermined io give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent ior a box. The effect was s narvellous as It was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as.if nothing were the matter with me. It.wis the, first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed, and was anible to more about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills iluring the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box, I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and amn graduallv, but surely,, reg,, covering my former vigor and vitality', You see those crutches here! They were rmade for me before I got Dr. Wllismcs' Pink Pills, but I wam too weak to use them. All I want is the stick, and I hope soon to do without it, You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." ? 'He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby bn her knees. "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills lave saved his life, and made another nmal of him." ' A friend who called in at this point, said tihat Jarvis looked two years younger that day thiap he did a fortnight previously, "I can now." continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back iu'iny legs.. If I keep on going the way I ai I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to Ibe in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to.day than I have been for thle past fire years, I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink-l'ills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece thern is a box of opium and morphia pills, which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everyhody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hadly believe theireyes, lMy being abhout again has caused quite a asn. sation out here." Such is the remarkable history, and con. firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astoolnlhig curet wrought by Dr. W\illiamrs Pink Pills for Pale I'ople. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, alio the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the Ilood, such a as abmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weak. eess, ind gestion, lose of appetite, shortrnss of breath, pains in the back, nervous head. aches, etc. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative, They are geuuine only with the fall aiae, Dr. Villiams' Pink Pill for Pale People, and are eold by clhemista and storekeepers gene. rally, or the l)r. Williams' Medicine Com. prny, Queeu's"plice, Sydney, will forwardon receipt of stamps or psot order one box for 's. 9J. or hall.dozen for 14. 9J. 