THOMAS JARVIS INTER VIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our represen tative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis 45- Crown lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the Ihappie-t men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Al though pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on thi rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : "You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an op portunity to tell you. Thl facts may be of value-to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering." "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. .\bout five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath ii Pitt-streat Syd nej. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development if the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Islacd." 'VWhat were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as. mucelias . .. , c ,uld:.Ieair. .saw was cutting -my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nnsiance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd .'1 arch last I saw a well kniown doc tor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. .However he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institution;." "Did you make use of the order?" "iNo ; Icanme home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a ques tion of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in.- I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locotmotor ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor ataxy, a dis ease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and diffi culty in co-ordinating voluntary move mento. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never gettthe use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) - Wll, just as a drowning man will grasp a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement de. scribing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the "Australian Workman". by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills foi Pale People. I -read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pille a trial anyway, avd sent for a box. -.The effet was as marvellou shas itas Biagi cal. I was able -to dleep and eat as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many;a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. - I have taken fourboxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but -surely recovering my former vigoro and- vitality. You see those crutches there? They are per fectly new and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use their, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining niy strength." "lie is 100 per cent better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had conic in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills hav!e saved his life and made another man of him." A friend who callkd in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than lie did a fortnight previc usly. "I can now," continued Jarvis "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to re snme work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very p:nk of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my lire. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doc tor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly be lieve their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the aston ishing cores wrouvrht.bv Pr: Williams' Pink Pills lor Pai0 People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverishel state of the blood, nuch as anmemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shocrtness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. 