THE WOMAN'S BIBLES. The New Woman has been going ahead of late at a pace which threatens to endanger man's boasted supremacy of four thousand years (says tho Scotsman). Now that she ias issued the " Woman's Bible," Bowdlerised, and edited with suit- able commentaries, ' designed to emphasise the greatness of the sex in the scheme of creation, it will be recognised that" nothing more re- mains to be done. She has demol- ished for ever man's paltry claims to superiority, and brought about his second fall. The idea of the " Woman's Bible " is, of course, American. It origin- ated in tho head of Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, tho " grand old woman of America " - of " new " variety-the champion and patroness of all those who affect bloomers, . short hair, latch keys, and a taste for the fruit of the Tree of Know- ledge of Good and Evil. Mrs. Eliza- beth Cady Stanton, after much cogitation, has arrived at the. following conclusions : -(1) That men. were deceivers ever ; (2) that by a world-wide conspiracy bf , humbug,, they have labored for 'four thousand years to persuado woman that sho occupies an inferior place in tho scale ot creation; (3) \- that they have done this mainly by imposing upon , her' religious credulity, and especially, by means of cunningly-concocted Biblical fables or interpretations thereof contrived to represent to > her that her inferior position is divinely ordained. It is necessary, therefore, as a beginning of the work of emancipation, that ? this inherited idea of inferiority should be driven from the female breast, and - for this purpose it is advisable to overhaul tho Scriptures and show by means of judicious, revision and comment that the ' inferiority idea, so far as it pretends to havo. any sanction in divine ordinance,'is a solemn bogey. A committee of the emancipated . ones have laboured for a year ransacking, from Genesis to Reve- lation, for passages concerning women, and these, with tho Com -mentaries, are to form-tho Woman's Bible. Already part I. is before tho public. It brings the work to tho end of tho Pentateuch. All the passages roferring to women have not been .dealt' with, but, -as-is naively insinuated, some ' do : not prove anything from the emanci pated^ female point, of view, and the are dismissed as hocus pocus. But there is plenty to show the conch sions at which these enthusiast have arrived .with regard to tb authenticity and purpose of th sacred writings, and tho methods by which they mean to assert woman's place as man's equal in power' and glory. - The argument mny be sum marised as follows :-(1) That the Biblical narrative hus been fraudi lently manipulated by wily writers in order to justify the degradation and subjection of woman ; (2), tbat the Bible, _ when read with the understanding heart, proclaims the essential equality of woman. It might be observed that, having stigmatised the Bible story as a fraud, further argument would b necessary, but, as is evident in every chapter of the " Woman's Bible," these she commentators d not hold themselves bound by rules of logic or any such masculine devices. As a matter of fact, the emanci pated women do not rest their eas upon any mere analysis of Scripture according to rules of feminine logic They start tho commentary with th boldest contribution to tho days of theology which has buen made sine tho days of , the early- fathers " Instead of three male personages as generally represented, a Heavenly Father, Mother, and Son would seem more rational." And tho oxcuse which Mrs. Cady Stanton offers fo this expulsion of tho Holy Ghost is that " the masculine and feminiui elements, exactly equal and bal ancing each other, are as essential tt the maintenance of the equiltbrium of the universe as positive am negative electricity." . The explana tion is not very intelligible, but i seems profound. Voltaire, once said that when a person talks about i subject which he "does not under stand to a person who understands nothing about it-that's metaphysics The above.is a specimen of feminine metaphysics, and having propounded this new theory of the Eternal Feminine, in a tentative way, it, ii wonderful to. _note> with whal increasing assurance it is postulated throughout the volume, apparentlj on' that secure ground of feminine reasoning-just because. From such a high ground of theology it seems a long decent to the controversy which, rages throughout', the. opening chapters of Genesis about 'the Creation and the Fall of Man. These chapters however, are_the#key to the situa' tion, and it is with an . increasing sense of dismay'that poor man turns over the pages of the Woman's Bible to find .himself ' convicted in every paragraph of falsehood, fraud, and wilful, imposition. . After such a crushing exposure he deserves nothing " less than _ to be deposed for ever from his -pedestal of superior virtue. That woman should use her victory with no vindictive object, but only to place herself on an equal footing with this paragon of rascality, shows her. to be not only moderate but merciful, "lt cannot be maintained," says Lily 'Devereux Blake, " that woman was inferior to man even' if, as asserted in Chapter ll., she was created after him, with- out at once admitting that man is inferior to the creeping things because created after them." Such logic is irresistible. " My . own opinion is that the story was mani- pulated bysorrio Jew in an endeav- our to give Heavenly authority for requiring a woman to obey tho man she married.'1" And, of course, the celebrated rib story does not pass without cavil. "This is bone of my bone and flesh of my flesh. How could men, admitting^ these words to be a divine revelation, ever have preached the subjection of woman ? " \- But it_ is upon the story of the Temptation that thc woman com- mentator uses up all her scorn and indignation. " A cunning male snake ! " Kote how Mrs. Cady Stanton delivers a double-handed buffet both at the Tempter and at the press man,' while the unpre- judiced reader must be impressed with the, courage, the dignity, and the lofty ambition of the.woman." Tho Tempter, it appears, with a profound knowledge of haman nature, did not try to tempt her from the path of duty by brilliant jewels and rich.dressos, but with the promise of - knowledge, with the wisdom of God." It might be observed that brilliant jewels and rich dresses could .not have been milch in vogue, pr offer a groat temptation at a period when Eve, according to the Sacred Writ, had not oven a fig leaf in ber wardrobe, but the point need not be pressed. What is important to note is that, " com- pared with Adam, she appears to great advantage through tho entire drama." Had lie- beon tho divinely appointed head of woman, "he would have taken upon him- the burdon of the discussion with the serpent," and, therefore, the emancipated ^vornan protests against the punishment which.fell on Eve as altogether out of keeping with the gravity of her offence.. : . ' It is a sore : question with Mrs. Cady Stanton how from the parent pair the earth was peopled without breaking m upon . the prohibited relationships, and her "answer is not conclusive. .OS much more account it is to notice how. hor_fomale pro- priety is outraged by tho manu er in which some of these patriarchs addrossed thou* spouses. "Hoar my voice, ye wives of'Lamech, and hearken unto my speech !", Such observations 'do not. indicate a tender* relation between tho parties, und tho scandaliscdMrs. Stanton, with soma àcorbity,' romnrks 'that Lamech"» ?wives had already loarnod that dis- croot silonco is tho only security for domestic happiness. It will bo seen from those oxtracts 'that," by tho seventh , chapter bf Exodus, tho .woman's . blood is fairly up, and the' masculino reader turns over tho leaves in nervous "appro ; honsion, dreading some fresh ex ] plosion of wrath on evory pago. By ! tlie beginning of Leviticus nor indig ¡ mition is fearful to contemplate, lt '.is the sacrificial customs of the Jews [ that finally unloose her temper. Why should the male animals of the flock bo preferred for expiatory sacrifice and not also the females? Why indeed ? Another insult to tho sex ! There is no use pleading to women in a rage that all this bad some meaning in the typology of Scrip- ture, for h as not the typology been invented by men as fraudulent as those who concocted the original Bible narrative. These women are not to be argued with. They rail at the priests whom the sacrificial system provided with the best mutton. They cavil at the Hebrew statistical accounts which took note merely of the fighting men of the congregation. They deprecate Moses and eulogise Miriam. They utter rebellious sentimonts about the rights of women, nnd generally run amuck among the sacred writings till the reader is glad to find one scriptural incident which brings joy to the hearts of these dincontentod critics. It is the story of Balaam's ass that works this transformation, and to the harmloss, necessary ass Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton devotes her finest flights of imagination. For the great significance ot the story lies in the fact that Balaam's ass was a female ass, and while Balaam -was " angry, violent, stubborn, and un- reasonable "-so like a man-" the ass calmly manifested all the cardinal virtues. This appeal of the meek, long- suffering ass to her master, to remember her faithfulness and com- panionship up, is quite pathetic, and reminds one of woman's appeals and f>etitions to her law-givora for the ast half century." After this panegy- ric, ono feels that the greatest com-, pl i ment that can be paid to a she commentator is to write her down an ass. ? . . ??? 