AN ASTOUNDING FORECAST. Mr. Edison, it is understood, is respao sible fora very remarkable vision of the future. The men. of A.B. 2197, we are confidently assured, will be able not only to talk to the planers on the dot-and-dash system of the Morse telegraph, he will be able to actually visit them at pleasure, and with much greater ease than we now visit cities only a. few hundred miles distant, reaching the planet Mars, for example, as Mr. Lathrop, with anxious accuracy computes, in about 'eight louts 6urht minutes !' There are to be ou this prosaic earth itself electrical trains running 150 miles an hour ; motor bicycles (of course) ; ' walking' balloons— balloons, that is, that float about 30 ft. above the surface of theearth, having mechanical legs madeof alumi nium, and travel like gigantic ostriches at an enormous speed. We are promised airships, automatic maO packets that fly; self -impelled, tbroneh space to their destination, without tteiog carried. Books are to be exchanged for phonographs, which will present a tale to tL* ear instead of the eye. Artificial chemical foods will make wheat fields and flocks and herds unnecessary. Microbes are to be enlisted, drilled and employed to extirpate lisease instead of spreading it. ' Telescopic' cannon will make battle and sieges so dreadfuU-dismissiDg a city Into mere vapour at a stroke — that war itself will vanish. New amusements will make life happy, new Eurts will make it rich ; new gnarda will make it secure. There will be a telephone to the bud. Parliaments and thrones will flee like a flock of ghosts before the dawn, and the federated human race will lie, lapped in universal peace and swathed io golden comfort, under a World.Committee of Twenty ! These be dreams, indeed. But whether they are simply the wild visions that haunt the chambers of a lunatic brain, or the pictures which shape themselves in the serene light of a brooding scientific imagination, spelling out great syllables of Nature's grammar, who will undetake to say. One of tbe-most interesting features of the recent Jubilee in Britain was what has been called the lighting of the Empire's torch, the ancient form of giving warning or sending joy ful tidings. As ten o'clock struck at the Green wich Observatory, a tongue of flame shot upward from Great Ualvern, *' the backbone of the militants.' It was the Jubilee beacon fire. Hardly had the spectators time to look oq it before it flared in the distance on the right, then again on the left, on the north, south, east, and west Peak answered to peak, until from Berwick on-Tweed to Rough Tore and Brown Willie, in Cornwall, from tbc cathedral towers of litchtield, Worcester, Ripon, Lincoln, and Durham, from Skiddaw to SL Helier, from Hastings to Coder Idris, and across the water to Donegal and Dublin, a thousand beacou fires blazed up their message of loyalty to the Sovereign. Half -an- hour later the lowlands, the highlands, the wild Hebrides, even to Ultima Thule, sent answering signals to the sky. And slowly as the light failed from day to evening round the world, the Empire's torch was tit. From St. Helier the signal leaped Lo Gibraltar, to Malta, to Cyprus, to India, where it blazed triumphant on the Himalayas, to China, to Australia, to Canada, to the West Indies, the Empire's torch shed its radiance over the universe. Mr. R. A. Appletou, Isiaford, is evidently ooe of the old residents of the Central Division who has full confidence in its prosperity, and who is endowed with suffi cient enterprise to mauifest that confidence in a substantial form. Last week he accepted the tender of Messrs. Reoshaw and Rictette, Rock harap ton, for the building of a two storied hotel at Isiaford, and he has it in contemplation to erect, at an early date, three cottages there. The amount of Messrs. Renshaw and Ricketts's tender is £1965. The building is to be constructed from designs prepared by Messrs. Eaton and Bates, of rhid town, and will be pot up under their personal supervision. It will be entirely of hardwood, {r will have a moat attractive ap pearaqce, and provided with what ia a necessity in this climate— ample veniilatioc. There will be verandahs and balconies right round 9 ft. wide. On the ground floor there will be a bar, 2S ft. by IS ft. ; three bar parlours, 14 ft. by 12 ft.; a coffee room, 28 ft. by 18 ft.; a dining room of the tame dimen sions ; four bedrooms, a kitchen, a atore room, a pantry, a serving room, and a bath room. The coffee room will be separated fiom the bar parlours by a hall 7 ft. 6 in. wide, and & ball of similar width will divide the dining room from tbe parlours. From the ball there will be a handsome cedar stair case leading to tbe first floor, where there will be sixteen bedrooms and a bath room. The building, which will be the largest in the township and form a valuable addition to the hotels of the western country, is to be com pleted by tbe 2Sth of November, and the tenant should be in possession before Christ-, m&sttde; cornea round. 