ST. PETER'S COLLEGE. JUBILEE CELEBRATION. THE NEW BUILDINGS. Monday saw the celebration ot the nmetn anniversary of St. Peter's College. Strictly speaking the college was hot opened till the end of 1849, but it was 50 years ago that a Church of: England collegiate school was founded, of which the existing institution is the outcome. Jin honor: of the .occasion a large gathering # of: scholars, . past and present, parents, friends, .and relations—and indeed, all interested in the school and its .work assembled; on Monday afternoon to witness the laying of the corner-stone of a liew block o'f buildings, rendered necessary owing to the great increase in the number, of boys during , the past few .years. -The additions consist of: a -large iiew> classroom oh ' the ground floor, above : which will be a dormitory for about 15 boys. Above "that again will be a suite of apartments fortbree.niasters. ■ These buildings are to be added tb the left end of the great school, bringing it level with the school house, to which it will be joined, aiid thus completing the quadrangle. The new build ings will, of course, be-designed^ to match the rest of theiedihce, and.the cost is estimated at about £1,COO. At about half-past 4 o'clock a large party of clergy,' headed by Dean. Marryat, the governors of the college, and other gentlemen made their appearance.on a platform erected by . the stone, above which bunting floated. The ceremony, which was an impressive one, was opened by the Dean, thus; Dearly beloved, forasmuch as the Lord hath been pleased to put-into the hearts of His faithful people the desire to establish collegiate schools for the pro motion of sound learning and godly discipline, based on .the fear: of the Lord, which is the beginning of wisdom, and forasmuch as in this the Diamond Jubilee of our Host Gracious Sovereign Lady.Queen Victoria and the jubilee year of this our diocese of Adelaide, and also of the Collegiate School of S. Peter, the number - of''our .scholars requires us; to ■•'lengthen our cords and to strengthen our stakes," we have assembled here , this day, we trust, in God's strength, to carry this good work into effect. Let us therefore devoutly beg His blessing on our under taking. - After.prayer bad been said the college choir sang {he psalm— ..- Except the Lord build the house: . llicir labor is but lost that build it Except the Lord keep the city: - . . The watchman waketh bus in vain. - The stone was then laid by the Dean, who said— In the faith of Jesus Christ wo place this founaa tion-Stone in the name of God the-Father, God the Sod, and God the Holy Ghost; Amen. . . The Dean then gave an interesting account of the history of the college from the time the college was formed in 1847: up- till the present day, when they were celebrating their jubilee. He referred to tho leading positions which scholars' ■:from the. college- had; taken in ■ the affairs of: tho . colony as states men, judges,1 members of Parliament, dis tinguished scholars, > and in-: the; learned professions—law, medicine, . and; . divinity. He made grateful mentionlof the many muni ficent founders and* benefactors of the college, and pointed out that their-watchword was, as it • was written on the foundation-stone of. the buildings, '' To the1 gloryi of the Triune. God and the advancement' of religious and useful learning." This wasechoed in their motto, which was , ".Pro Deo et Patrio."';Their buildings had been continuously' increasing-since 1849,. arid they thought that the best mode of celebrating the jubilee was to add ' a large classroom, ivhich was really yery much required for the accomm'o 'dati'on of the boys, a dormitory for;** the .boarders, and rooms for three masters. This increase had been rendered necessary by the success of the school under the .present head master (the Rev: H. . Girdlestpne) and. staff.1 In concluding the dean.made an earnest appeal to. those present: to - assist in obtaining a memorial -window to, their late Bishop Short, who had rendered, such wonderful' 'serviceto the institution in its younger days, and who had the strongest claim on them for recogni tion. - • Mr. G. W. Hawkes moved a' formal'vote of thanks to the Dean,- who, he said, was one of the oldest friends .who ; had beeni with, him working in the interests .of-the school in its early days. . He wc,s al wgys. one .orbits' host helpful and most industrious: workers. . .They were also pleased to recognise him. as'la' re presentative of ; the family, of: their " beloved Bishop Short. ' ! :Mr. A. Buchanan, chairman of tho St. Peteris Gld CpllegiaiisV Association, seconded tile inotum,'which .was supported by Mr. J.G-. R. MpidiAY, also representing the old scholars; . A collection .was.taken' in aid'oP" the funds for1 the Bishop Short memorial .window, and the ceremony"closed with the hymn' " Onward, Christian soldiers" aud-the benediction. 