BacK From the Urave. A I was quite cetCin that I had beeard oat ldd Uncle Josiah Bodfish's death and burial, and cl when I met bim coming out of lawyer's ei doce and looking rather moam belliger at a: than usual It give mea bitof a start and a e1 "creepy" feeling up and down my spine. Bat it was Josiah. sure as could be.ad a there wa nothing ghostly in bis appearac'se. I asked him bow be came to be extant in a such an irregular way, and ha told me all about it. So you thought I wao snuffed cut, did you That's a good one on you : but. then. Sdon't know's I?ean blame you. seeing my a?n folks 'lowed I was a cadavrer. l've got t a law suit with 'em about it. They had mea taken up oy a constable for disturbing the t: peace, and that's what I'm lawin' about. I'm out on bail now. It's a peculiar ease, and if I had a mind to take it to the Soo pseme Court I could knock 'em out on the E question whether a man who hss been buried can be legally prosecuted. You know them o spells I have. When I get one I'm liable to be plumb out o' my senses for hours, and rm alittle nervous about'cm sometimes. It any. body tells you it isn't nothing but whisky, you call bim a liar and 1'11 ack you up, Tou know I'm not intemperate, and you never saw me take anything between drinks in your life. ' Mebbe you're noticed that me and the old woman don't hitch very well. Tee. I thought so. Some folks has a habit o' no tiring other folks' doin's. Well, it's all owain' to Deacon Sliderback's taking too goldarned much interest in the spiritual welfare of my family. My old woman's been aso pious, I've been a little feartome that she night get too anxious to lave me.join tbeheavrenly choir and plant me if t happeaed to have a d real budl spll and not come to as spry as common." I suggested to Uncle Josiaht hathe couldn't be buried without a physician's certificate that be wan dead. "That's another point." be replied. " Dr. Pilbolue don't like me enough to hurt since Spat a little job on him, and I hinder enus peeted he'd play a practical jole on me if he got a chance in a professional way. Idon't believe the authorities would want a certifi cateanyway if they brnen Pilbolus had any thing to do with the nase. They'd consider that reasonable ground to suppose that the patient was ripe for the cold and silent tomb. If you don't want to be slammed into a coffin and sent kiting to glory before your time, don't you have Filbolus. lie's a quack, sure. I'd been thinking over what might happen, and I had a talk with the un dertaker who does all my burying, and we fixed the thing up between us. Iad a tele phone put in the faily vault and all that olrt of thing, you know. Going to have the whole racket patented next week. "'Well, itseems I got full or had a spell last Saturday night, and the next thing I knew I wolke up in the dark feeling mighty queer. Felt like a fuaeral-ttber-roses and dead leaves and carbolic acid. you know. I thought I'd get up and see who was dead, but the first break I male I humped my head sagainst something bard. Then ! felt around and found I was boxed in, and I concluded it was my own funeral I felt. So I jist kicked the lid off, sat up in the ofin, fished a match out of my vest puaket and took a look around. I recoguised the place by the inscriptions to the memories of my first three wivesanda maiden aunt, and it made me feel sort of blue to think how near I had come to being reunited with the whole gong at one lick. S"You can imagine h?w a man would feel to find himself stowed away on the top shelf of a tomb in such company and read his own epita on the plate by the light aof a brim. tone match. I felt in my coat-tail pocket and found a flask of brandy, which showed thatthe undertaker was a man of his word and partially restored my confidence In human nature. I was powerfully reliered to find that I was not yet in Heaven with my sainted late female relatives, and with devout gratitude I emptied the frusk and re turnedl-thanks to a mereiful Providencer. bowing that I would make astotal wrenk or Pilbolus as soon as ever I hould get out. I felt sorry, though, that I hadn't told the undertaker to fill in the chinks between my remains and the coffin with sandwiches. Then climbed down, after rippingthe coffin plate off and putting it in my pocket as eri. denue. I noticed that was in my stocking feet, and that the old woman had put on the remains a pair bhose all worn out at the heels. I s'pose she thought because the heels of the late lamented were down when his toes were turned up that the holea wouldn't be noaiced. That's the kind of a woman she is. "I found the telephone, rang up the of. fien and told 'ea to s-nd the seton to let me out. Then I sats,' lllo, Central: 'Iello. says Central. "Connect the late Josiah Bodfiish,tomb 3G, with his widow..to. 1001," saysa t. Uncle Josiah did not mean that he had gone Solomon one better ; the number of his telephone was 1001. "Theline was svwitched do. an- I wasjuest going to send a doleful sound from the tomb to comfort mysorrowingfamily and save 'e the trouble of going to a medlium to lind out how I was enjoyinl the climate of thee seet by-and-by when Itbought beard familiar voice. Brushing a spray of witherelt smilax from my left ear I listened and hearn e'acon Sliderack say'as plain as could be : " The Lord gireth oadthe Lord taketh anway, Sister Bodfish, and everything for the bkst." Sithe atlowed it was, and I couln't dot ct an' thing but thecheerfullcst kilnd of a r'teitinu in' her voice. Then the U.aceot sotl : " Brother Josiah hatI his faults. Silster l:d. fiah."' Then I heard her say that she slhold smile, and I thought the hilarity was a little previus, "I ntupponse it was dIrik that killed him,' said the Deacon, and tic allowed it was, and went on with a whole l,t uf stuff, inding up with : "Thank .-','lveo there won't be any more pink stnka n ailb bluel tails in those shoes over there by the corner. "I stooped. to finish what there was in the bottom of the flask.and then I beard the Deacon say: 'Now that the snarkes have oeen driven from thre sahoes. Sieter lo Ibhb, may I hope in step into them somue day ' Nice way of proposing, that was. Well, that settled it. Ijust goaned through the tlle. phone like an insulted ghost. The eexton came along then and let me out, and I lit out for home on the jump. W'hcn I walked intothe parlor where the gas was burning low, dressed up in my bestbhlauk coat, split up the back by the man wholald me out, and tosued that coffin plate into the old woman's lap, right where the deacon could read it, yo0 bet there was a circus. S-,me folks might call ita disturbance of the peace. I put on those shoes andintroducd the deacon to 'em, snakes and all. That's what the lawnsuit is about. I'm going to lick blazes out ol Pil bolus when I see him, and I s'pose that'll make more lawing for me. But I'l ret a divorce and a patent on m) premature burial outfit, and then I guess I'll be squa'e." Grocer: "I find your son bright and energetic enough, but I'm afraid that he's bardly adapted to the grocery business." FATHER OS' Til BOYu: "What seems to ae the trouble "' Gauoca : '" hy, the ftrset in e lde did n-t to begin picking the deal flies out of the dried currants." Paolicemaon (in octizen's deres to brother of-icer in bar Sunday morning) " It's wuhisky, Denie, and e,1'*e got the waltrr dead no -rights, Shall I arrest him tnow ' Dc.s; :" Ne ; let'a hav a fesw more drine, " nt." . The baein unsilre ite'doctr 'tl.ee te 1. mlu, The bhJre rans nawu. tand' the detor Cs badly turt. "WChy 'tidn'a ruc tell mu your horse wasoklttisb2 la~l a. I nton ther?- u' .danser. I wouid ,utltar? ,rm-.' " To n? oi n -Zo j I never tbok oat lItat ho-i without some aecident bappeoilo- that tl thereason why I aaius "taun a 'lotus aslong. - " . 