\---·i---. A SYDNEY MIRACLE. INVESTIGATION BY A IiEPOkTEI. THE LVxTEmnENG CASE OF MIe TIIusl.is JAnr?, WHO SAYS THAT A FEW WEEKS AGC Hle CaRIPPLED-- PAIrTIALLT PARALYZE, S;FFER" INo rnor LocoIorcR ATAxsa, An IIreCLPL DocTOns, HOSPITAL AUTHORITIES, Ayb ESEO ONE SAID HE MUST DIE, AS HIS CASE Si, HOPrELESS. BUT TIIEY WERE SMIIST.1A5. Tg DAY I1E IS A NEW JMAN, FULL OF lIE.1: I ENEiGY, HIS CRUTCHIIE8 E ILHS THRIowI ,.?! ins Dtan Liuns HAVE LIFE, InIs AbI'lt 15AS RETURNED, AND IN FACT, Rle S<8 NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUT AiS Oct. So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the " Australian Workman " a few weeks ago : " One afternoon our representatire made his way to the home of MIr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two- year. old baby, and his face declared him t, be one of the happiest men in Sydsney. He was up and about and able to an:wer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions he said, " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering 1" " Well, twelve mouths ago I got Eo bad that I had to leave off wcrk, and 1 have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt. street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health und after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up siy billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ? " Simply indescrible. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all tile world like as if a saw were cutting my bones-in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shak ing. and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last 1 saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order :. " No, I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when 1 would give up the ghost. My doctor was att-ending me, and did all lie could, by opimu alid morphia pills to ease tile agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locosmotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy. a disease of the spinal cord charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait ano difficulty in co- ordinating volun tary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs with energy to show that medical opinion is not infalliable.) Well, just as a drowning man would grasp a1 a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which 1 read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pals People. I read in the adverisemeanof a case which seemed to fit my wan. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and. send for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was i',: credible, I immediately Ifeft the bed and was able to move, about, I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills . during tile past four weeks, and am Dow tak ing the fifth box. I can Walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradu ally, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see these crutches here ? 'They were male for me before I got Dr. Williaxes' Pink Pills. but I was too weak to use t?e and now I don't waunt themn. API want is this stick and I; hope soon lo do without it, You, seel am rapidll regaining ~r strength." " HIe is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs. .Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "~ r. 'Villiams' Pink Pills have saved hii life, and made another man Oi him, A frienlld who called il at this point. said that Jarvis lhoked tce years younger that day than he "ZId a ,ort night previously. '"I can now,"' continued Jarvis, " have a cold btlb" and all tile feeling has come back to my legs. If I keep on going onuthe way I am, 1 hope to be able to resume my work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health anld strength to work at that trade. 1 am better to day than I have been for the last five years.: I ascribe all .the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am.in no pain nos: whatever, and feel like a unew u',an, On the mantlepiece there is a 'oes of oplum and morphia pills E'nich the doctor gave ma to deaden teae excruciat ing pain.. But they 1en stay where threy are, forI nq. longer need the-m. Everybody ',aO knows me are amazed at the ciafige in me. They can hardly bliev? their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is the remarkable history, n?nl confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this couutry of the as tonishling cures wriought by Dr. Wil liams' Pink. Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis;: and spinal disease, also the many disorders wbhich arise from an iH poverished state of the blood, such as anmmial, ale and sallov complehxio, general muscular weakness, indlgestioln loss of appetite, lshortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headaclia, etc. Thelse Tils are a tonlic, lnoit a p gative. Tlbey are genuhliel lonlly thi the full namne, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for. :Pale People. and are sold by chemists and storekeepers genllerally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine CompanY, Queen's Place Syduey, will forward on receipt of stanips or post order one box for2g Pd, or half-dozed for 1ls Pd, 