NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY "OUTIS Mr. Wise's comical little crucker continues to feebly fizz on the political floor, - but although he has enthusiastic protectionist assistance in trying to mako it go off, not to speak of Mr. Harding, with his small single tax bellows, tbo rmwflrn won't 1l(ht Tt Iq ntinitt Htn» thereforfi. that the thing was taken away, and tho people who aro waiting for the fun to begin given their money back, and frankly apologised to for tbo fizzle. But tho bungling operator still fatuously persists in bis efforts to work up an explosion. "Thero is a , public question involved," Mr. Wise says, and be will not rest until Parliament does something about tbo matter. Tlio particular thing that it could, would, should, may, can, might, or must do is not, however, in the dim mest manner indicated by Mr. Wise. The whole potential mooil of every verb in the language conjugates without throwing any sort of light on tbat question. All be makes clear is. that Parliament should proceed to raise a general and unspecified kind of rumpus while the public, locking towards tho figure of Mr. Wise in the attitude of compassionately contemplating chaos, should rend its garments and proclaim tbat at Flinders it had shed the political blood of an innocent man. How the tribulation is to begin or end, or who is to take the responsibility of carrying it through, or what benefit to anybody might be expected to result from it, aro matters of detail witb which ho scorns to concern himself. His reply to all these practical questions Is that "a public matter is Involved," and that unless some kind of political explosion Is worked off a great opportunity will be lost. Well, what is the "public matter," to begin witb? Tho substance of tho whole thing is that in the late Parliament the labor party pulled Mr. Wise's somewhat gawky political leg, and thereby acted witb what be describes as "shocking levity." They pretended that they would jolu with him and the protectionists in an effort to stifle the Govern ment land tax policy, anil when tho time came refused. A caucus — a highly proper and patriotic caucus of the party — decided to support him, and another caucus, characterised by a shocking levity, went back on tbat decision, and left him in the lurch." As a consequence, the tax was carried, and tho Government live, literally and politically, on tho fat ot the land, while Mr. Wise and the protectionists exchange condo lences over the scattered debris of their bursted up hopes. It Is about as simple a case of a green young man going out to shear and coming back shorn as ever happened, and wliero tho "shock ing levity" appears Is in the persistent efforts of Mr. Wise to represent it as a national affair. As to tho morality of caucus government, it may be remarked that this question .is more elaborately misunderstood than almost any other about which the tongue of the amateur oraele so greatly delights to wag. What Is the difference between the member agreeing to accept the de cision of a majority of a caucus or of a majority of Parliament? He does bis best to influence the caucus according to his own way of thinking, iiut when outvoted loyally takes his gruel. Is that not what every patriotic citizen is supposed to do? It is not because one abides by the de crees of a Parliament any more than of a caucus that he necessarily believes in their wisdom. What wo want in the interests of a talk- tired community is an extension of the caucus system, under which, after a question was openly stated, the various victims of tho House would retire to some quiet place where there would bo no raising points of order, motions for adjournment, coarse clowning to tho gallery, or other fri volities which chicilv make up what is called "Parliamentary discussion," and there in a busi ness way decide what to do about it. This would help to extinguish the member who "feels that I10 cannot give a silent vote," and thereby rid the public life of the country of a noisy Incubus. Nothing has done so much to render the labor party the decent, well-behaved, anil politically effective body that it is as the re straint placed by the caucus upon individual loquacity. The caucus would also exercise a good influence on the silent member who never speaks in tho House, but when a critical division is ponding makes a private oration in tho Minis terial room about "that there bridge I10 was promised," or tho fitness of his electioneering secretary to adorn the magistrate's bench. When tills member reminds the Minister that one vote may settle tho question, and it may be "as good as ills fifteen hundred a year is yvortli to shilly shally any longer," if thero was a caucus to hand him over to, the light would be somewhat fairer. Caucus government means disciplined government, otherwise business-like government, and after our experience of the other sort, may it lire long and prosper. I rise to second the remarks of the gentle man who has just been goaded to vent his protest against the alarming manner in which this conn- try is being over-conferenced. When the Minis ter for Mines acknowledges having been impli cated in the promotion of seven distinct confer ences during ills three years of ofiice, it is surely time that the matter began to receive attention. Mr. Smith, in extenuation, pleads that they were "only little ones," which, exclusive of railway passes tiiat the Government can get on the nod (at the people's expense), did not cost more than au average £122 each. But that is not tho question. It Is not in this case the expense so much as the pernicious example that lias to bo deprecated. What are tho papers full of every day but reports of conferences of one kind or another? To judge from the number of these affairs ahvays going 011 a very largo percentage of the people must be perpetually engaged in sit ting round tables discussing resolutions and amendments, anil making personal interjections, when they ought to be at somo useful work. Any subject, from the starting of a now reli gion to tlio promotion of a football match, affords a good enough excuse for holding a conference, at which delegates assemble from all parts to make Inconsequential speeches, after which tlicy have a harbor picnic and get photographed. A series of mild razzles, ranging from afternoon tea to post-theatrical oysters and porter, also helps to popularise tlio delegate industry, anil keep tlio conference boom going. And uftor every possi ble cxcuso for holding a conference lias been exhausted, those who cannot become delegates form themselves into a deputation, which Is con sidered the next, host tiling for providing a good time. If the craze is allowed to develop at Its present rate, there will soon he nobody left to do tlio work ot tlio country, everyone being on- gaged lu conferring about how it should he done. For tiiat reason the Government should set the infatuated people a botLer example, whereas the Minister for Mines boasts of having tho re sponsibility of sevon conferences oil his own head. It I were younger I would bo tempted to conclude with the remark, "O tempore, O mores." The mystery surrounding the question "What is a place" In which it is unlawful to bet, in stead of being finully solved by Die recent efforts of the English Courts to define the meaning of the word, as wo were led to believe, now appears to havo boen very considerably thickened. What the learned judges iiave arrived at is explained In uu official cable, which says "Judgments pro ceed upon ejustem peueris construction, but did not in terms hold that place must ho structural. No definition of place given, but uccuriling to general effect of conflicting judgments, it must be a place analogous in character and use to a betting house or olilce. Liddul v. Lofthouse not expressly overruled." That is the lucid conclu sion arrived at by a total of five judges, while six others take tlio opposite view, I hough the five, by reason ot their greater aggregate weight, euuaed by somo of them belonging to a higher Court, prevail against the six. And 011 the strength of it all. the cash fielder resumes ills bag. Into which the sliekels'or the multitude once more drop like the gentle rain from heaven upon the place beucatli. wliilo the bow-legged Jockey receives Ills confidential instructions to "ride stiff," so tliat the covetous backer may reap a just retribu tion, und the vintage of the champagne sparkio in the bookmaker's glass on seLtling day. Tbat, In face of such a decision, the police should simp ly give up the ghost, as tbey have done, and bow to the bookmaker as master of tlio situation Is, however, not very surprising. To attempt to enforce such an utterly bewildering law as that expounded in tbo cable abovo quoted would be madaess 011 the purt of common mortals, and there is nothing to be done hut surrender at dis cretion. It simply comes to this, that tho word place, as applied to a locality. In which men bet, is declared incapable of being Intelligibly defined In tbc Ergi'sb language. Which, as far as tlio layer of edds is concerned. Is as good us the clearest definition tbat could be give?- 