THE GUEST ON THE THRESHOLD JEvertbody understands the reelings or expectation, suspense, doubt, and anxiety with which we await the ?coming of a guest whom we have never seen. A stranger, he may be, to us *nd ours — recommended, perhaps, by some half-forgotten friend — a man of ?whose tastes or character wo have not -tlie slightest knowledge. We specu late among ourselves what manner of indiviiiaal ho will prove, and whether toe *i.l tie a desirable addition to our '' list of friends.' While the last sands of December are irapidly running through the inverted glass, let us indulge ourselves with the fancy of contemplating the New Year as, in like wanner, a Guest on the Threshold, as yet unseen and unknown. There is this difference : tio human guest crosses our threshold uninvited ; tmt this lastest-born of Time, like Baxguo's ghost, waits for no welcome, ?and will not be denied. How many of us, in the solemn Imsb of the passing hours, are reflecting what manner of -companion this self constituted visitor may prove? We know what his pre decessors have been and what they have done ; how much or how little of lielp and comfort, of suffering and sorrow, they have conferred upon us ; their tricks and turns, their changes of countenance, their surprises, their mis adventures — with all these we are only too familiar. But, unfortunately this knowledge will avail us nothing with the stranger. In some respects, it is true, we may assume that he will wear the same favour. We may be certain that he. will pour some bitter into our cup, and will mock our ears with promises unfdlfilled ; that while he is ?with us the thorns will often crackle under our pots, and our pitchers go down to wells that are waterless. Tim is the way with all the Years ! We may be sure beforehand that he will bring us little which we wish for, and despoil us of much which we prize. There may bo no chairs empty around the domestic hearth when the New Year crosses the threshold ; and yet, before its trailing skirt vanishes into the darkness, our sorrowing eyes may have learned to gaze wistfully at the 'vacant place'— the place that Bhall sever again be filled. Heaven grant that the coming year may not deal thus with us. May the Guest on the Threshold carry in hiB hand no wreath of cyprus, nor lead in his train the mourning-woman ! Yet, after all, this uninvited, though not jinexpectpd, guest may turn out very much what, if we are not over EAnguinc, we wish him to be. At the ?worst, here hfi is— ' the man in possession ' : and it will only be wise lo make the liest we can of him. There are more blessings around us than the greediest soul can exhaust — more joys (ban griefs, more hopes than fears, more stars than clouds. Let us, then hail th« stranger with a hopeful and a steadfast heart. The clock strikes twelve -1ft the Old Year out and the New Year in. ??Farewell!' to the shrunken frrui and bowed h«ad of the departing fri«nd^ R'd 'Welcome! Welcome !'' to the young and buoyant truest on the Threshold. Buhuowa Nr.ws AixaSack. — With thin ire'io «s pubtwliou ..u. almanack tor The Weather. — Christmas and the two following days were the hottest of the present summer, and Sunday night was undoubtedly the most oppressive ex perienced sinco the period of the terrible heat wave in January last Monday morning was a scorcher, and about noon the town was visited by a fearful du*t storm, with thunder and lightning, but no rain. About half-past 1 o'clock the wind ceased, and the air became delight fully cool. Fierce heat, however, again prevails, with not the moat remote indica tion «-f a change. Court Hot- se U.vimuoiiourrn Tank.— T.iis public boon is beiiis? abused by some t,£ the users, and the aiuh.iricies have re quested us tudraw the attention of house holdcre and others of the danger of the privilege being curtailed. Children, and in some i»istai)«es uldur people, wheu pumping allow u large quantity of water to run to waste, that they may get to the colder. Every drop of underground tank water is precious in seasons like the present. Awointments. — Mr. Mar wood Harold Cleeve, Acting Clovk of Petty Sessions, Kurruwa, to be Registrar of Births, Deaths, and Marriages, and to bp Warden's Clerk, Mining Registrar, and Officer to issue Minors' ttighu, &c;, at Uurrowa, as from 2nd ult. Corkkcmon.— Mr. M. Hurley desires as to correct au alleged inaccuracy in the report of his evidence in the caso against i drover f«r broach of the travelling atock provisions. The report of the case re presented him &B; having said that to the best of his knowledge «t was nine montiiB since he remembered a drover giving notice ; but he says it should have stated lhat he had been away some nine months. Special Chsap Excursion to Svdnbv. ? Tho Railway Commw&ioners; announce a special cheap excursion to Sydney by the train leaving Uinalong about 2 p.m. ._ cvm.ii Jammrv Rth. The return fares from Binalonj: will bo 28s. lirst-claBS, and 14s. second-class, and the tickets available for return by ordinary train uutilJanuary 22nd. A similar train will leave Sydney for the country the previous 'burrowa Municipal Council. —The usual fortnightly meuting of U.« Burrowa Municipal Council lapsed on Tuesday evening, through want of a quorum, the oUy Aldermen present being the Mayor (Alderman Stevenson), and Alder man Hancock. Selections.— There were no selections taken up at the Lucal Laud Ofhce on Thursday. New Mining Act.— The new Mining Act is published in full in this issue. Protecting tub Iguana.— It is notified by proclamation that the iguana being a natural enemy of the rabbit, persona are prohibited from woundiug, killing, or capturing, selling or disposing of that animal, within the Burrowa district. Cvulone AT Nevertiub —A terrible cyclone struck the tnwu of Neveriiro on Monday evening, and completely wrecked every building, including stores, hotels, churches, and dwelling houses. They were razed to the ground, and hardly one house has beon left standing. Wool trucks at the railway were blown off the line, horses were killed, and people lifted off their feet. The telegraph line was smashed, and, in fact, the whole town was completely demolished. People were injured, but none fatally. The Belaringar Homestead, also Ingar Rutledge's Station, wero both blowu down. The railway trucks that were carried off the line killed many of the carriers' horses in the yard. The people in the town were terrorised. They find and hid in under ground tanks for protection from the flying iron and falling houses. Tattersall's Consultations. — Follow- ing are the names and addresses of the drawers of the placed horses in Tattersall's consultation on tho Summer Cup, run at Randwick on Monday. CloBed with DU,UUU SUDSCnoera Ub us. etiuii ; x'iibi* horse, Daiuien (No. 6135), W. Burke, 14 Nickon street, Surry Hills, Sydney, £4500 : Becond home, Fadladeen (No. 44,(503), J. H. Von S. Turmer, Railway Department, Newmarket, New Zealand, £1350 ; third horse, Tom (No. 19.961), H. Harvey, Newport Freezing Works, Newport, Vic, £900. TheBB amounts are nett. Two Boys Drowned. — A sad drowning fatality occurred at Wagga on Boxing Day. Two boys named P. Ryan, aged 14, and Arthur Hambidge, aged 11, went rabbit-hunting in the morning, xney crossed the river in & boat, and on reach ing the other side the elder boy, who could not swim, resolved to have a bath, and entered the river, which is very low, for that purpose. The other boy re mained on the bank. Ryan apparently got caught in the current, and Hambidge, who could swim a little, seeing his diffi culty, gallantly went to the rescue. He was caught round the body by Ryan, and despite his struggles was unable to extricate himself.' Both buys sank, but rose to the surface several timeB before finally disappearing. They were the children of much-respected residents. By an was an exceptionally smart lad, and won several prizes at the late school examinations. Terrible Burning Fatality. — A terrible burning fatality has occurred at the Grampians, (Vic), about 25 miles from Stawell. An elderly woman named O'Rourke, liviug in the vicinity nf Rose's Gap, and her daughter, aged about 20, were engaged washing at the creek when bush fires broke out about a mile away. Assisted by a strong wind the fire travelled down the creek, which is fringed by fern and heavy brushwood, aud before Mrs. O'Rourke and her daughter could escape Misb O'Bourke's clothing caught tire. In the attempt to extinguish it the mother's clothing caught, and she was severely bnrned about the lower portion of the body. Her husband, who was near at hand, in the endeavour to save Kts.wife, was severely burnt about the arms aad body. Assistance was soon at hand. Mrs. \J i\ourKe ano ner nusuaua were cuuveyeu to the Stawell hospital On arrival Mrs. O'Rourke was alive, but before she could be taken from the vehicls life wae extinct. There is very little hope of the reoovery of O'Rourke. Mibb O Rourke, as well as her mother, succumbed to her injuries, which were of an agonising nature. Two Children Burnt to Death.— On Friday night a fire occurred at the residence of Mr. Samuel Dodemaide, farmer, Yabba, about 7 miles from Dookie (Vic). How the fire originated is not accurately known, but it is surmised that a spark from the fire must have set some inflammable material alight. Mr. Dodemaide was in New South Wales harvesting, and his wife, leaving the children in bed, bad gone about 100 yards away to convene with her brother-in-law. It was then tbe fire broke out. Of the 6ve children in the house tbe three eldest only succeeded in saving themselves, and that with great difficulty. Tbe two youngest must have boen suffocated in their beds by the smoke. The house and furniture were utterly destroyed, and only the charred remains of the l«*n children were discovered after the fire hud burned itself out. The ages of the c-1 ildren fatally burnt were 2 and 4 years re»jii;cli-Tly. 