CHAPTER tV. Bur OvEit all Tuf.uk IItiso a Cwc» ok Fear. flieri) was no more treats after the Derby Day. The London season was now at its fullest power, and mother was going to parties every night. 'I'ho evcuing upon which she was due at only one party was au exception to thu general rule of two and three engage ments nightly. She was always haviug new frocks. FluE knew, for ho was often called into her room to look at somethings specially pretty, and when he admired a frock or a mantle with enthusiasm hu was said to have very good taste, to ho altogether in-advance of his years. Or if with infantine candour he' called a frock ugly he was laughed at gaily as a baby who knew no better. ' Why, it's the very height of tho fashion, pet!' protested Mrs. Lerwick. 'Is it? Then I should liko some thing lower down.' Paul was not consulted. He lui.l been found unsympathetic, brusque almost to clowuishness. He wondered why his mother had so many gowns; talked about ' you women,' and ' tho money you chuck away on trumpery,' • as if he were a political economist. A. boy of that kind could hardly bo petted by a pretty young mother like Mrs. Lerwick. FluE would sit on the floor and turn ovev her jewels in their velvet nests, and choose the diamond necklace he was to have for his wife' when lie grow up and married. ' Father must have heaps of money to buy you all these,' exclaimed Fluff; ' or had you any of them before you were married ?' 1 No; girls don't have diamonds.' 'Don't they? Not even rich girls?'. 'Not even rich girls. It isn't good style.' ' Were yon a rich girl ?' 'No, not exactly'rich.' ' Not rich like you arc now ?' scarch ingly. 'No.' ' Were you poor ?r ' Of course not. How can you ask such silly questions?' ' The little auntie doesn't look as if she were rich.' ' No, because she' lives in the country, and doesn't go to parties, and doesn't want smalt clothes.' ' Doesn't she like pretty things ?' ' She conldu't wear them in a Devon shire village—where your grandfather lives.' l'luff nsked a good many more ques- • tions. He had a thirst for information that afternoon. Why didn't mother have auntie to live at Palatine square, and give her pretty frocks, and take her to parties—and then, perhaps she would many a rich man, like father? On which his mother cheeked' him indig nantly, and told liim it was very vulgar to talk of people's money. ' That is the way servants talk.' 'Yes, it is,' assents Fluff; 'they talk of you—and father's money; and that you are lioth 'stravagant enough to run through your fortune if it was twice as much.' ' Do they say that—to you ?' 'No, hut I hear them. X listened'nt the door yesterday when Sarah and I,oo were cleaning the schoolroom.' 'Insolent wretches—hut you mustn't listen, Fluff. It's low and vulgar to listen. Only horrid little boys listen. Did you hear any more?' '•Loo saiil you're not so pretty as yon was a year or two ago.' ' Not you " was," Fluff—as you " were."' ' I.00 said you didn't wear well.' ' Loo! You must never call a servant Loo. I can't think where you get such vulgar ways.' ' Harsh calls her Loo. Anil father calls you Nell.' 'That's quite different. People of filename class may call each other what thoy like.' - ■ _ And then Mrs. Lerwick, in her light way, tried to oxplain to him the great gulf there was between a little boy who lived in Palatine so wire, and the scrv rants ■who waited upon liim. She did not go quite so far as to say that they were made of a different clay, hut she tried to mate him understand that they were always to be. treated as creatures of a different race with whom he could have no thoughts or feelings in common. ' It always distresses me to see your familiarity with Tandy,' she said. ' Hut while you are small and he has to ride hy your side, I suppose that can't be helped. When you arc big enough to manago your pony, Tandy will ride behind you.' 'I'm not afraid of my pony ; hut if Tandy rides hehiud mc who shall I have to talk to?' ' Your brother, of course.' ' Paul's so ignorant. Tandy knows everything—all about horses, and dogs, and rats, and birds—aud everything. Tandy lived with a country doctor'— here Fluff sank his voice to a solemn whisper—' who kept figiiling-coeks— and thoy fought; and Tandy used to hold one, and the doctor held the other, and they were "game" to the last feather!' concluded Fluff, in a burst of enthusiasm. 'If L had known that of Tandy he should never have been engaged in our stable.' - . ' Oh, come now, Iho stable's father's p'ovinee—I heard him tell you so once when you grumbled at his horses always losing. The stable's his p'ovinee. "What is a p'ovinee ?' It was a glorious summer. There was liardly a rainy day between Epsom and Goodwood. Ascot was a Satur nalia of hot weather and smart frocks and society babble. Mr. and Mrs. . Lerwick hired a house at Windlcshava for the race week—a ' place' in a park, where there was a pond , in a wooded seclusion that offered on everlasting silence for any stony-broken member of the Jockov Club. ' The place at Windlesliam was roomy enough for a large house-party,, but not large enough to accommodate Paul aud Fritz and their belongings. ' Besides,' Eaid Mrs. Lerwick, during one of hc-r raro Tisits to the schoolroom, as if continuing a line of argument, ' it would be a pity to interrupt Paul's ' studies when he is getting on so well with you.' ' She looked at Miss Warren for'assent and encouragement, hut that lady, who was always more provoking than any body else in the world, chose to take an opposite view. 'I am always sorry for any break in Paul's studies,' she s;ud gravely, ' hut 1 think in this hot weather the change lo the country would do him and his j brother worlds of good. I f you did not j care for me to run down hy rail every • day, I could lodge at a cottage in the neighbourhood, so that there need he no interruption.' _ Mrs. Lerwick—-who had never liked Miss "Warren—looked upon this pro posal as an artful attempt of the daily governess to get herself included in the Ascot party. ' You forget that every cottage is let for the race week,' and that the Ascot trains aro absolutely impossible,' she answered, pettishly. 1 Then I could give Paul a holiday task, and he could send mc his Latin exercises and his Euclid every day.' ' It's absurd to talk like that when tliore is no room at AViudlesham for the hoys and their nurses.' 'If you had said so in the first in stance, Mrs. Lerwick, I should not have talked absurdly.' 'My husband always . invites too many people,' grumbled Mrs. Lerwick, as'if 6hc were called upon to justify herself. ' My own particular friends will be horridly squeezed. The only comfort is that in this delicious weather we shall almost live in the grounds, and those are too lovely.' Little as the two hoys saw of father or mother in the London season, the week they • were at Ascot seemed long and blank aud dull, and the ghosts had j it all their oym way in Palatine square. J The staircase—the landings—the win dows wero full of ghosts in the linger ing June twilight—in those still hours when London was dining, and there were no sounds of carriage wheels in the square, and when the roar of the Palatine Hill was subdued to a distant murmur that might have been the sum mer sea, . The silent house—from which all the servants oxceptouckitchcn wench and a boot-hoy had fled to their even ing amusements—echoed .with phantom footsteps.- The very air was full ofj ghosts—or the feeling of ghosts, which was worse than tlio actual thing, Paul thought, since it included such hideous possibilities. Miss Perry had given him a little book of ghost and goblin stories, translated from the Germau—a fat, close-printed duodecimo—and from that book of grisly horrors Paul had peopled the house in Palatine square. He loved the hook—indeed books could not bo too grisly for his liking—and after such strong meat he bored . himself with 'Tom Brown,' or 'Jackanapes,' or the boy who was ' Misunderstood.' ' I don't want to read about hoys like myself,' said Paid. 'I'm misunder stood. I like something that makes my hair stand tip on end—or would, if I was a funk.' In the June twilight, when the deserted offices and servants' hall testified to the willingness of the ancillary mice to take the uttermost advantage of the absence—to spend the afternoon at Putney with a married daughter — of tho housekeeper - cat. Paul was a funk; for then the fiends nnd midnight hearses, and shadowless men, and doppel-gangers, and skeletons hung with clanking chains, and vam pires gorged with human blood, came out of the little fat hook of German stories, and waited for him in every shadowy angle of the stairs. He could not see them, hut he knew they were there. The empty rooms and closed doors—that sense of spaciousness and solitude—appalled hiin. Ho passed sliuddc'ring by his father's rotfm oil the half flight, a fine room built out at the back, over the offices,, with a large 1 wiudovr at the end, from which Mr. Lerwick could look iuto his stable yqrd, and even talk to the grooms. A cheery room when father was at home, and people were talking there, and passing in and out, hut ghostly now when there was nothing but silence and solitude behind the closed door. Paul paused one evening with bis baud on the door-handle, wanting to go in and peep about, but afraid icst he should sec his father sitting there in the twilight—the spectral likeness of his father, who was away at AVindles ham. And there was . no electric light on that awful silent staircase—no friendly light to he turned on at the touch of a button. Mrs. Lenviek objected to the electric light, because it was cold, and garish, and—unbecoming. - There were only inaccessible gas lamps which that odious young man, the second footnian, would not come and light until the bouse was pitch dark. Ho! He wasj in the stables enjoying himself. » A; loud burst of vulgar laughter rang up from the'mews to tho open window on the hack staircase now and then, but there was nothing human in the sound j —it was like the laughter of those j German fiends. ' Upstairs in the schoolroom Miss Perry I sat by a window poring over » scrap of fancy work. P'rita had.bccu in bed an hour, and Paul was enjoying the privi lege of his superior years, and sitting up till nine. ' Arc there no candles he asked despairingly, looking round the -low dark room. 'Xot an inch of candle. I've rung the bell till I'm tired,' wailed "Miss l'erry, 'I don't believe there's .a human being in the bottom of the house: —unless it'§ burglars.' l'ittuian, Hie middle-aged nurse, had proved her confidence iu .Miss l'erry by going visiting three evenings out of four during the Ascot week, but she had generously suggested that Miss l'erry should treat herself to a little outing 011 the fourth and last evening. She had friends 111 London, 110 doubt, who would take her to a theatre. Yes, she had an aunt, a widow iu comfortable circumstances, wlio would give licr some kind of treat, if she were free to accept it; and this dicing so, Tittman did not rest till Miss l'erry bad settled all about her evening out, which was to be to-morrow, Friday. Mr. and Mrs. Lerwick were expected borne on Saturday. The gates of the Wiudleshnm Paradise would close with ' the end of the week. IScauty, fashion, rank, and wealth, would fade away like the figures iu a diorama. ' I'll make those beastly servants hear,' said Paul, pressing his finger on the button, and keeping it there while the electric bell trilled shrilly through the big empty bouse. He had been holding his finger on the button for five minutes before the kitchen-drab appeared, - breathless and indignant. ' AVherc arc the candles ?' roared Paul. 'It's disgusting the way you beasts of servants behave when your master and mistress are away.' He felt there was manhood in this remonstrance,' but he knew that he would not have dared to say as much to the butler, who would have withered him with imperial scorn, or to the secoud.footiiian, who would have chaffed him, which would have been even more humiliating. The kitehen-wencli was surly, and told him that she didn't know why there were no. candles, and it wasn't her work to look after the schoolroom candles. It was the third housemaid's work to clean the rooms. It was the •second footman's place to wait upon the yoimg gentlemen. 'And am I to be left in the dark because the second footman chooses to go out, you low beast ?' demanded Paul, feeling that this was a fit occasion upon which to assert himself. ' Go and get some candles instantly.' To which the resentful kitchen-slut muttered that she didn't know where the candles ' was kep',' and that it wasn't her work • to look for no candles.' ' I should like to know what work you are fit for, you idle beggar,' ejacu lated Paul, while Miss Perry standing by kept meekly murmuring— 'Paul, dear, don't be so riule.' ' Vegetables—them's my work,' said the girl, sturdily. ' Then go back to your vegetables, you incorrigible slut. I'd rather sit in the dark than be waited 011 by such a low creature,' said Paul, who had heard a manly step upon the stair, and the footman whistling a music-hall melody. The girl retreated, sullenly mutter ing, and a blight light flashed into the schoolroom from the laudiug outside. ' Conic Thomas,' remonstrated Paul, as the footman came in with his gas taper, 'don't you think it's rather rough upon us. your stopping out all the evening.0 ' I didn't expect you'd want any thing, Mr. Paul,' the youth answered carelessly. 'The house ain't hardly bearable down stairs on such a 'ot night.' ' You might remember that all the other men arc at Ascot-.' ' I do, and I wish I was there along of 'em,' said Thomas; and then he took up the music-hall melody at the second part of the tuue, and lighted the gas, turning up the three burners to their fullest power. 'I should infinitely prefer caudles this hot weather,' said Paul. • The housekeeper says there's to lie uo more candies burnt in the school 