WAY FOR THE KLONDIKE KING. "And who is Colonel FitzDominiclk?" said Lady May Ilelver. "Well. he is the Klondyke King-made piles of money out of those mines, you know. \Whlo he is besides, no one seems to know. Probably because lie is no body. However. lihe has mountains of money, and really is a velry decent fel low." So spake .Tack l)ynevor, the eldest son of Sir Jolhn Dlynevor. of Rushton Park. .Jack was just one of those strong, well built, wholesome-looking young men of whom there are so many to be seen in England. He was also an excellent shot, and a most desirable parti in the eyes of many of tilhe keen matchmakers of society. "And do you mean to say that we have been invited to meet this man as if he were Royalty?"'said Lady -May, hler pretty upper lip curling disdain fully. "Not quite that," replied Tack. laugh ing. 'And the man himself is neither bumptious nor a snob, as far as I cran .-11. But you know the kind of thing. There has been a dlead set at hilt eveer since lie arrived. Tile men vwant to get tips out of himn. Tile ladies not only want that, but also to screw appoinlt anents out of him for pets of theirs, or -save the mark-to take ciharge of himl entirely and lancer him in London. And Ias our hostess has no doubt promised herself to do this, I see the prospect of a regular flare-unp sooner or later." "But surely they don't expect him to deal round cheques like cards?"' said Lady May. curling her-lip rather nore. "No," replied .Tack, with somewliSt ')f :t look of wonder-for Lady. May was a .clever girl and knew her world thor: enghly. "Not that-not that some of -them would mind, I fancy, if he'did. I expect Mai:ry Molletoli would grab hers like a shot. But, you see, lie is a power in finance, and knowiis many tliings, and be keeps Sin large establishments both here and in' Canada, and is buying land -all of which means thalt he. can do things for his friends, Do you see?" "Yes, I see," replied VaLy-so indif ferently that Tack was surprised again, for the feeling was so dissimilar-fromn that which lie had lately witnessed in others. But theil he reflected that it was like the true nobility of May's cllracter to be entirely free' from all these petty strivings after the .dross :of daily life. " It will be observed that lie thougmht of herdas May. Whether he had any right to do so he did not yet know:n bit he .hoped hie had, and he was prepared .to put the question to the iSnue as- soon as the favorable Opportuniity. occurred. Jack had known Lady May. and her family since childhood, so lie naturally proceeded in inquire after the absent. Lord and Laldy Hilchester were quite wvell, the girls were flourishing. Hel 'verstone was with his regiiment, and Bob-poor Bob- was still in dire dis grace. "Plealso don't talk of it," she said with moist eyes. "You knon lie is ' my favorite biother-and--my father for bids us even to mention his name." Colonel FitzDominick was a long, lean man with a clean-shaven face, which looked as if it had been. carved out of some hard Australian wood by an :artist who was pressed for time. .Not even the radiance of the golden halo with which lie was surrounded could in :vest him wuith anything approaching to good looks, but, on the other hand. he pbossessed a pair of merry twinkling eyes, a large ample smile, and a. fluent tongue--which at its very- first utter ance proclaimed aloud the fact that his place of birth was the Distressful Coun try. He had gone up to Klondyke in the early days. lReport said that the solid results of his journey were to be reekoned inl millions. Also that the ad ventures lie had gone through, and the sufferings lie had endured, would lhave completely broken down a less deter mined man. Therefore, there was a halo of romance about him quite ir respective of the golden radiance of his e'ealth. But he was the very last person ill the world nwhom one might have expected to make an imnpression on Lady May Felver-"'the scornful May," as many alled her. It is true that she was one of six daughters, and Lord Hilchester was decidedly poor for his position. Moreover, as all the estates were cn tailed. it was quite obvious that hie would not be able to do much, if indeed anything at all, for his girls. Besides, though May was a beauty of a. very un common type. she was twenty-six, her other sisters were all out, one of them was married, and altogether, whatever -mtight be the actual circumstances. there was no doubt that May was open to be regarded by friends and relations alike as a failure. Some girls do not 3ike this kind of position. They get wild, fling themselves at the heads of the most unlikely men, and plunge into marriages whichl can only be adequate ly atoned for by a lifetime of misery afterwards. And, on the other hand, Colonel FitzDominick was so far from being an unlikely subject that lihe was beyond dispute :t highly eligible parti in a worldly sense, and could without idoubt lhave comnutnded a parade of half t.he beauties of Mayfair and Belgravia, bad he chosen .to select a wife by tile Oriental method of throwning the hand kerchief. In one sense she would be loing ver3S well for .helself if she lnar ried the Colonel. But then May Helver had alnays given herself such airs, said all the ladies of the house party. It would have seemed far more natural tlhat she should fling herself away on a pennilets prince than do such a straighltforward. common sense thing as set her clp at a milliolnaire nobody. If she merely looked to- money, why had site refused Lord IIilldon, the miser- peer who own'ed a good slice of London. nnd lived in a cheap fint in Bloomlsbury; or Sir Henry Ailswood, of Ailswoodl-just hecatnse that unfortunate story about thile keeper's daughter had hlappented to leak out? If it came to that. did not cver3y one know that, if she chose, sthe could have a large fortmne and a hlus band who was devoted to her by simply alarrying hlier old friend, lack Dynevror? -for, as usual, the lookers-on saw most of the game. "She alwnays nwas a queer girl," said Lady IHorsltam, the hlostess, ovetr lthe tea-table--not, perhaps., without ta bitter feeling that it is rtller hard to hlave your tame millionaire annexed in this wa:y Ibefore really hle ihas been "of any good." "And queer girls always rush -o extremnes. Not Ilthat she wn-ill not he doing exceedingly well for herself, if \- IIllsll! here she comes-and tile Colonel with hlier." l'Thie pierson lwho undotlbtedly was Tnost surplrised. by LaTdy Many's conduct witlh regard to Colonel FitzDominick was Jack Dynevor. W\hat Ihappened cx -ictly was this : Oil tlhe first nighlt Tack took Ludy 3Ity in to dinner. This was a piece of goodl- nattred but perhaps blundering nlan:agetnent on the part of tile lhotess. iOn the othler side of her siat Colonel "itzDominick. After a brief sputter of conversation wtih .Tack, she turned sllddenly to tile Colonel. and said sonic lhillg in a low voice whichl inade hlim bendi towards her with a laugill. After illat lie paid no further attention to hlis lawful partner, but devoted himself to \- ildy May. for the rest of the dinner, lor could all .Tack's efforts induce iher to vouchsafe to him more than a few selttcredl seconds of her attention. At first lie was ImortLified, then fearful that inl some wty lie must have offended her. alnd. lastly, indignant. Putting aside aill other considerations. it was Sot nice of her to cut an old friend so coimlletely and in snuch a mirked man ler. When the ladies were gone he veered round to the view that, as women al ways treat men badly whom they really like, it was an excellent sign. In the morning, however, he received a very decided shock, which completely elpet all his confidence. There were "garden-links" in the grounds, and he asked Lady May, after, breakfast, to play. "I am sorry," she replied, "but I have promised Colonel FitzDominick to give I?in a lesson; and you know it is of no use making up a- foursome with a be ginner." Jack ground his teeth, and would have proceeded to dispute the latter statement, but at that moment Colonel FitzDonlinick cam'e in. Lady May called to himn : "Mr Dynevor wanted me to play you false!" she cried, merrily. "'But I was sta llluch." To say Jack Dyneveor was thunder strluck is no exaggeration. If alny one had told himi two minutes before that Ladiy May 1-elhver would condescend to rcmind any mian that she had promised to leach him golf. he would have laughed the ildea to scorn. Thile thing was incredible. Yet Lady May had done it. Jack Dynevor left the room witih a brow as black as night. He had lixed his faith on Lady May. Ile had thought thait she was superlior to all othller wo Ilell. :lnd, lo! the Klondyke nagiciann had but to wave his golden wand, and shle lthrlw' herself on her knlees before him in front even of the adoring pres.s of her sex. After that lie went and sulked for a while in the lmokinlg-room. There he evolved the brilliant idea, of asking pretly little Miss Lindn Ffolliott to play golf wit hilml, "just to show that he did not iare." Lving invented suchl anll ingenious melllthod of self-torture, it wlouId, of course, have been a pity if it had not worked well, but, as a matter of fact. it succeeded admlirably. He had the mlis elry of observing that Lady Mfay was entirely labsorbed in her pupil, and did not pay the slightest attention to the other players. This might lie pique, of course, but it looked disagreeably like indifference. Miss Ffolliott had sharp eyes, and she soon realised that .Tack was singularly remiss in his attention to the game. and that his eyes were more intent on Lady May's figure than her own. She knew all about that affair, of course, and had no objectioli to catching Jtlck's heart on the rebound if it could be done. but she did decidedly draw the line at being made a fool of. Therefore she finished the round, and after that would play no nlore. As the days wore on, the true state of the case becaume ani open secret to the whole parti'ty. "Poor old chap!" said the men. "Why doesn't he show, some spirit?" said the ladies,especially Miss Ffolliott, who would have liked very well to marry Jack and be Lady Dynevor some day. Mleanwhile Tack had decided on flight. The usual telegram- which deceives no one under these circumstances-had ar rived, and it appeared tlht the usual mysterious "ilfiportant business" re quired the presence of MIr Jack Dynevor in town. Of course the usual polite suggestion and conjectures were made - what would become of society if these little fictions were neglected?-and it was thoroughly understood, by the ladies, at any rate, that "poor Mr Dynevor" had been rejected by Lady May, and by the men that he had "chucked up the sponge" in fa vor of tile Klondyke King. As for Laldy May, she was at first serenely unconscious: then burst into sudden sobs alnd active consciousness. and cross-examined .Tack so closely about the telegram and the business that really it seemed quite cruel, all things considered. "Wants to keep a second string in case of accidents," was the general opinion. But when it became evident that Jack declined to respond to her raillery, and was really going, Lady May reverted abruptly to her mnost.scornful mlanner, and began to talk audibly and with the utmost interest-of course, to the inevit able Colonel FitzDonlinick-about the picnic which was arranged for the next day. This was the picture which Jack car ried away with him, and, if he had been a melodramatic young man, lie would probably have gnashed his teeth over it all tile way to London till there were none left to gnash. It was about three months later that Jack Dynevor met Lady May Helver again at a county hall. He asked her to dlane-for old friendship's sake promising himself to be perfectly calm and indifferent. "I hlave something to tell you," she said when they paused in the waltz, "something which is a great secret, and so you must consider it a complimnent that I tell it to you." "You mean that I am to congratulate you?" inquired J.ack in a tone that was perfectly cold, though his heart began to thump. "Yes. Congratulate me, that is quite the word. Heartily and ever so often. But how on earth did you know? Did he tell you?" "A.nd (when is it to be?" continued Jack, with the same lifeless voice and manner, ignoring tile last question. "It is. Don't you understand? It has been going on now for a month. My father has forgiven Bob, and we are all happy again.;" lie stared lit ber in full bewilder nlient. 'Whlat lhad Bob to do witil her cngageiment to Colonel FitzDominick. unllcss- 1What were those stories of :girls who sacrificed themselves for their famluily? Was tills thile touching expla nation of it :all? "I tell you," continued Lady May, "because it is partly owing to you-yes, yoUll need not look so scared--nid a coiIn cideilnce. On thile lirst day at tile Hor sliamlls I was down lirst to diinner. Co lonel FitzDominiick was second. When he saw Ine, he started lind eried out. T'hen. seeing thalt I lookled :lmazedl, andl possibly ilndignant. hlie begged my palr don, anid explained that I was so like his own dau?lghter. whlo was miles ,away, ilhit lie was quite startled. Took 1110 for a ghost. I suplpose. Well, we talkedl. and I soon saw tliat he was a good, kIinld, fatherly 1hing, and it flash ol on 111C what you hall saidll about his being alle to dlo tllings for peoile. Sup piose I could get him to do somiethling fOe Iob? Dironilfully sclelming of nme, wasn't it? Weill, thon. at dinner. I made ' 0old stroke and called him 'mon pere.' 'hllat wVo his llea lrt, yll ou know' what frien0ds we becane. WVhen hle lheardl of .o01's circulntan(.11es, lie proposed :lat once to do somnethiug for Ilinll. Wasn't it nie of him'" It woull be imp1ossible to describe T:ack's feelings as thile revelation un foldled itself. Tile only thing thit was quite clear to hi11 was lat hlie would nlevelr, never ie anble to explainil to her whal:t he had imnagiled--not evenll if they Iatained tile highest confidence. It may hie aldded that tlhey reached that period of bliss sllortly afterwards. Lady May lwas much troubled that "lion pere" was unable to be at her wedding. IHe sclrt a lhanlsomle pre sent. but felt hlimself oliliged suddenily to go oult to Canadal again, and lhas not yet returned. Lady Horshanm and Mary folleton al wa:lys Esaid- "My dear if you hl1d only seen hem1110111! And. of course, a -will m1n like thllt woulln't lundlerstallnd."-"Thle World." The dramatic artists of Greece have bieen reduced, owing to tile war, to a very wretched condition. Since tilhe declaration of hostilities theatrical per formances have been prohibited. Tilhe request has now been made to the Government that tragedies should be pern:itted. Comedies and farces were felt to be inappropriate to this time of disaster. The President of tile Coun cil, M. Ralli, although feeling thile most lively sympathy with the actors, could not accede to their demands, because lie thought that thile soldiers whlo have undergone so many sufferings in the field of battle might be indignant if theatrical representations were re newed. Even though restricted to tragedies, they might prove a distrac tion, 