THIRD BOOK. The Devil's Acre. Chapter I. Behind Buckingham Palace there is a little square of modest houses btaiiding back from I the tide of traffic and nearly always as quiet! as a cloister. At one angle of the square there is a house somewhat larger than the rest, but, just as simple and unassuming. In the dining- • room of this house an elderly lady was sitting down to lunch alone, with the covers laid for another at the opposite side of the table. " Hae ye the spare room ready, Emma?' "Yes, ma'am," said the maid. "And the sheets done airing? And baith the pillows ? And the pillowslips—and every thing finished?" The maid was answering "yes" to each of these questions when a hansom cab came rattling up to the front of the house and the old lady leapt out of her seat. "It's himself," she cried and ran like a girl to the halL The door had been opened before she got there and a deep voice was saying, "Is Mrs. Callender " "It's John! My gracious! It's John Storm!" the old woman cried and she lifted both hands as if to fling herself into his arms. "My goodness, laddie, but you gave poor auld Jane sic a start. Expected ye ? To be sure we expected you and terribly thrang we've been all morning making ready. Only my daft auld brain must have been a wee ajee. But," smiling through her tears, "has a body never a cheek that you must be kissing at her hand? And is thi3 your dog?" lookinirdown at the bloodhound. "Welcome? Why of course it's .welcome. What waB I saying the day, Emma? 'I'd like fine to.have a dog,3 didn't I, and here it is to our liand. Away with ye, James, man, and show Mr. Storm to > his room and then find a bed for the creature ' somewhere. "Letters for ye, laddie? Letters enough and you'll find them on the table up stairs. Only, mind ye, the lunch is ready and your fish is getting cold.'' John Storm opened.his letters in his room. One of them "was from his uncle, the Prime Minister—"I rejoice to hear of your most sensible resolution. Come and dine with me at Downing-street this day week at 7 o'clock. I have much to say and much to ask, and I expect to be quite alone." Another of his letters was from his father— "I am not surprised at your intelligence, but if anything could exceed^ the folly of going into a monastery it is the imbecility of coming out of it. The former appears to be a subject of common talk in this island, and no doubt the latter will soon be so.!' John, flinched as at a* cut across the face and then smiled a smile of relief. Apparently Glory was writing home, wherever she was, I and there was good news in that at all events. ' " Come jyour ways in, laddie, and let me look at ye again. Man, but your face is pale and your bonnie eyes are that sunken. But sit i ye down and eat. They've been starving ye, I'm thinking, a«.d miscalling it religion. It's enough to drive a reasonable body to drink. Carnal I am, laddie, but I just want to put some flesh on your bones, Monks indeed! And in this age of the world too ! Little Jack Homers sitting in comers, saying, ' Oh, what a good boy am I."' John defended his late brethren. They were holy men; they lived a holy life; he had not been good enough for their company, "But I feel like a sailor home from sea," he said; "tell me what has happened." "Births, marriages, and deaths? I suppose you're like the lave of the men and think nothing else matters to a woman. But come now, more chicken? No? A wee bitee ? Aye, but ye're sair altered, laddie. Weel, where can a body begin ?' '•The canon—how is he?' "Pine as fivepence. Good as ever in the pulpit? Yes; but it's a pity he doesn't bide there, for he's nothing to be windy of when he comes out of it. Deacon now, bless ye, or archdeacon and some sic botherment, and his daughter is to be married to yon slip of a curate with the rabbit mouth and the heather legs. Wee], she wasna for all markets, you ken." ' "And Mrs. Mackray?' "Gone over to the angels. Dead? Nae, ye're too expecting altogether. She's got religion though and holds missionary meetings in her drawing-room of a Monday and gives lunches to actor folks of a Sunday, and now a poor woman that's been working for charity and Christianity all her days Has no chance with her anyway." '' And Miss Maclcray ?' "Poor young leddv, they're for marrying her at last. Yes, to that TJre man—that lord thifag with the eyeglasses. I much misdoubt biit her' heart's somewhere else, and there's one auld woman would a hantle rather have heard tell of her getting the right man than seeing the laddie bury himself in a monastery. She's given in at last though and it's to be a grand wedding, they're telling me. Your Americans are kittle cattle. Just as the Jews of the west seemingly, and they must do everything splendiferously. There are to be jewels as big as walnuts, and bouquets five feet in diameter, and a rope of pearls_ fora necklace; and a rehearsal of the hale thing in the church. Yes, indeed, a rehearsal, and the deacon, honest man, in the middle of the mag nificence." John Storm's pale face was twitching. "And the hospital," he said, "has anything | happened there? . . "Nothing." "No other case such as the one • » ."he| faltered. "Not since yon poor bit lassie." 1 "Thank God!" "It was the first ill thing I had heard tell of for years, and the nurses are good women for all that. High-spirited, yes, but dear, bright, happy things, to think what they have to know and be present at! Lawyers, doctors, and nurses see the worst of human nature, and she'd be a heartless woman who'd no make allowances for them, poor creatures." John Storm had risen from the table with a flushed face, making many excuses. He would step round to the hospital; he had questions to ask there and it would be a walk after luncheon. "Do," said Mrs. Callender, "but remem ber, dinner at 6. And hark ye, hinny, this house is to be your hame until you can light on a better one, so just sleep saft in it and wake merrily. And Jane Callender is to be your auld auntie until some ither body tak's ye frae her, and then it'll no be her hand ye'll be kissing for fear of her wrinkles, I'm thinking." The day was bright, the sun was shining, and the streets were full of thoroughbred j horses in gorgeous carriages, with coachmen in splendid liveries, going to the drawing-room in honor of the royal birthday. As John went by the palace the approaches to it were thronged, the band of the Household Cavalry was playing within the rails, and officers in full dress uniform, members of the diplomatic service, with swords and cocked hats, ladies in gorgeous brocades carrying bouquets of orchids and wearing tiaras of diamonds and white plumes were filing through the gates towards the throne-room. The hospital looked strangely unfamiliar after so short an absence, and there were new faces among the nurses who passed to and fro in the corridors. John asked for the matron and was received with constrained and distant courtesy. Was he well? Quite well? They had a resident chaplain now, and being in priest's orders he Jiad many advantages where death was so frequent. Was he sure he had not been ill? John understood. It was almost as if he had come out of some super natural existence. People looked at him as if they were afraid. "I came to ask if you could tell me any thing of Nurse Quayle?" he said. The matron could tell him nothing. The girl had gone; they had been compelled to part with her. Nothing serious? No, but 'totally unfit to be a nurse. She had some good quali ties certainly—cheerfulness, brightness, tender ness—and for sake of these and his_ own in terest in the girl they had put upwithincon ceivable rudeness and irregularities. What had become her? She really could not say. Nurse Allworthy might know, and the matron took up her pen. John found the ward sister with the house doctor at the bed of a patient. She was short and even curt, said over her shoulder she knew nothing about the girl, and then turned back to her work. As John passed oub of the ward the doctor followed him and said perhaps the porter might be able to tell him something. The porter was difficult at first, but seeing his way clearer after a while he admitted to receiving letters for the nurse and delivering thein up to her when she called. That was long ago and she had not been there since New Year's eve. Then she had given him a shilling and said she would trouble him no more. John gave him five shillings and asked if anybody ever called for her. Yes, once. Who was it ? A gentleman. Had he left his name? No, but had said he would write. When was that? A day or two before she was there the last time. ' Drake! There could not be a shadow of a doubt of it. John Storm looked at the clock —it was 3.45. Then he buttoned his coat and crossed the street to the park, with his face in the direction of St. James's-street. Horatio Drake had given a luncheon in his rooms that day in honor of Glory's first public appearance. The performance was to come off at night, but in the course of_ the morning there had been a dress rehearsal in the salon of the Corinthian Club. Twenty men aud women, chiefly journalists and artists, had assembled there to get a first glimpse of the debutante and cameras had lurked behind portieres and in alcoves to catch her poses, her expressions, her fleeting smiles and humorous grimaces. Then the company had adjourned to Drake's chambers. The litncheon was now over, the last guest had gone, and the host was in his dining-room alone. Drake was standing "by the chimneypiece, holding at arm's leugth a pencil sketch of a | woman's beautiful face and lithe figure. "Like herself, it's alive to the finger-tips," he I thought and then he propped it against the | uierglass. There was a sound of the opening and closing of the outer door downstairs and Lord Robert entered the room. He looked heated, harassed, and exhausted. Shaking out his perfumed poekethandkerchief he mopped his forehead, drew a long breath, and dropped into a chair. "I have done it," he said. "It's all over." Polly Love had lunched with the company that day and Lord Kobeifc had returned home with her m order to break the news of his approaching marriage. He gave his version of what had occurred. While the girl ha,d been removing her hat and jacket he had bat at the piano and thumbed it, hardly knowiug how to begin. All at once he had said, " Do you know, my dear, I'm to be married on Saturday?' She had said nothing at first and he had played the piano furiously. Heavens, what a frame of mind to be in. Why didn't the gi>'l speak ? At last ho had looked round at her and there she stood smiling, grinning, gaspinjr, and white as a ghost. Suddenly she began to cry. Good God, such crying! Yes, it was all over. Everything had been settled somehow. "But I'll be in harder-condition before I tackle such a job again," said Lord .Robert. There was silence for a moment. Drake was leaning on the mantelpiece, his legs crossed and one foot beating on the hearthrug. The men were ashamed and they began to talk of indifferent things. Smoke? Didn't mind. Those Indian cigars were good! Not bad, certainly! At length Drake said in a different voice, "Cruel, but necessary. Robert—necessary to the woman who is going to be your wife, cruel to the poor girl who has been." Lord Robert tossed his head and snorted like a colt, rose to his feet impatiently, stretched his arm and shot out his striped cuff, and walked to and fro across the room. " 'Pon ray soul, I believe I should have stuck to the little | thing but for the old girl, don't you know. She's made such a good social running lately. . . . And then she's started this evangelical craze too. . . . No, Polly wouldn't have suited her book, anyhow." Silence again and then further talk on in different things. "Wish Benson wouldn't sweep the sodawater off the table." "Ring for it." The "Little things really cares for me—don't you know. And it isn't my fault, is it? 1 had to hedge. Prank, dear boy, you're always tauntirig me with the treadmill we have to turn for the sake of society, and so forth ; but with debts about a man's neck like a mill stone, what could a man do ?' "I don't mean that you're worse than others, old fellow," said Drake, "or that sacrificing this one poor child is going to mend matters much . . . "No, it isn't likely to improve my style of going, is it?" "But that man John Storm was not so far wrong after all, and for this polygamy of our lavender glove tribe the nation itself will be overtaken by the judgment of God one of these days." Lord Robert broke into a peal of derisive laughter. "Go on," he cried. "Go on, dear boy. It's funny to hear you, though, after to day's proceedings, too," and he glanced signifi cantly around the table. Drake brought down his fist with a thump on the mantelpiece. "Hold your tongue, Robert. How often am I to tell you this is a different thing entirely ? Because I discover a creature of genius and try to help her to the position she deserves. _ . . ." " You hypocrite, if it had been a, man instead of a charming little woman with big eyes, don't you know . . ." But there had been a ring at the outer door and Benson had come in to say that a clergy man was waiting downstairs. "Little Golightly again!" said Lord Robeifc wearily. "Are these everlasting arrange ments never The man stopped him. It was not Mr. Golightly; it was"a stranger; would not -give his name; looked like a Catholic priest; had been there before, he thought. "Can it be . . . talk of the devil . . ." "Ask him up," said Drake. _ And while Drake bit his lip and clenched his hands and Lord Eobert took up a scent bottle and sprayed himself with eau-de- Cologne, they saw a man clad in the long coat ot a priest come into theroom—calm, grave, self-possessed, very pale, with hollow and shaven cheeks and dark and sunken eyes, which burned with a sombre fire, and head so closely cropped as to seem to be almosfc'bald. (2o be continued.) 