?*' ? ? r-r-. — ^ ? ; ? TBS filBHT SORT. ? : ? ? ? : — : ? ? ' '' A Huatiiig Eomance. ' : (By Mr&; Edward Kennard.)'. CHAPTER XIX.— (Continued.) Surely it was lucky for the Henble. Alfred Charrington that he did not catch this conver jsation, or it is possible that even his equa nimity might nave been disturbed, and the calm waters of self-satisfaction in which his soul lay steeped- be stirred from their tranquil depths by the keen blast of ridicule sweeping ever them. Would it have been an act of feindness to,3iave torn .dawn the delusions 60 Jong entertained, to have laid bare and. ex posed the shaliowness of the crumbling soil on which they were raised and carefully nurtured, by petty egotism? Who can say 'I Even the pruning-knife is apt to cut too deep ly, and kill the old tree with its good and. its toad togetner, instead, or promoting a new growth and fresh flourishing blossoms. The old tree may be gnarled and twisted, decayed, covered with parasites; it may shut out the light of the sun, hide the blue skies, and cumber the earth; but when removed altoge ther is it not apt to make its absence felt,- and the very object we have so long grumbled at to leave a blank on disappearing? Some such thoughts flitted through Kate's mino as she looked at ihe.genaeman on the handsome bay; but her speculations were quickly ended by Mr. ^M'Grath exclaiming — 'But here comes another of our local celeb rities,' as a big, burly, broad-shouldered man of about five-and-forty, square featured, clean ehaven, arid keen-eyed, mounted Um a huge weight-cairying hunter, rode by;' * 'I want you to take special notice of him because he is said to be the finest welter-weight in Great Britain.. If you are quite sure you are not bored, Miss Brewser, gad! but I can tell you a good story about him too.' Whereupon Mr. M 'Grain commenced an other piquant anecdote, well flavored with Hibernian wit. When it came to an end Kate said, 'Ah, Mr. M'Grath, Mm. Forrester was right when she told me what an agree able companion you were, and I have en joyed both your conversation and your so ciety immensely/' n She felt no difficulty in praising Mr. M'Grath to his face. He only inspired her with frieud ly interest; therefore the words came readily enough. ^There was no cause to 'consider them, to weigh tlieir probable, effect, or to fear on one side giving-offence, or on the other of appearing too forward and anxious to please. She experienced no constraint in his presence. He had no power to make her blush, or to send her heart beating like a sledge-hammer, and the first words that rose to her lips were merrily uttered, in pure ease and good-fellowship. . There are some men who raise sueli friendly Eentiments at first sight, yet it is a question whether they ever succeed in establishing any loftier feeling or warmer rlationship. It is their fate to go. through life as the confidant, but never as the loved. Kate felt herself in finitely brighter and more amusing in Mr. H'Grath's company than in Colonel Clinker's; yet the briefest sentence from the latter, his slightest expression of approval or disapprov al, carried more weight than the whole tor rent of Mr. M'Grath conversation put together. Nevertheless the facetious little Irishman con itrived to keep her in a state of such perpetual merriment, that at last she asserted her sides eched so unmercifully that the effects were infinitely worse than a hundred falls, and slie really could endure them no longer. As the day wore on, her spirits rose. In spite of Stirrup's protestations she insisted in getting off her hack anil having the side-saddle put t-n to Sir Rie&ard;, who hid comelout;,fprc.tjtlE first time since -lie had been ui the liandsof his new propi*5etGtt: ' She declared herself no longer an invalid, and fully equal to encoun tering the fatigues of a run. Stirrup, who ere now had. discovered the futility of argument, especially when opposed to -the fair- -sexv was forced 4o withdraw his objections and yield, though somewhat reluct antly, to his mistress's wishes. And as if to 'reward Kate for her sudfl'en decision, ehe had 'hardly begun to make friends with her new horse before a joyous chorus of souud broke out from. the* midst of a small gorse-patcli the hounds were drawing, and. in another minute the whole pack streamed away close at the heels of a fine, white-tagged old fox, where- . upon Kate, throwing prudence to ' t'he. jvvinds, ! could not. refrain from joining in the ? chase. A mile's gallop'-' f ull tilt down a road running parallel with the hounds served still further to heighten her enthusiasm, so that when, at the first opportunity, some ot the foremost riders branched off into the open fields, where a vista of tolerably practicable fences held out a pleasing prospect, she followed suit. When she came to tbe first obstacle her cau tion had vanished, and Sir Richard swept over it so easily and so freely that indeed none appeared neeessarj'. The ice once broken, she took everything that came in her way, until she began to find 'herself occupying quite a distinguished po sition in the hunt, and the brown had fairly established his reputation as a good fencer. Poor Miss Palliser, whose lucky star had riot been in -.the ascendant lately, and whose fate, appeared invariably that of chewing the bit iter cud of mortification, from seeing a rival habit fluttering in advance, lost considerable ground at starting by the unfortu nate banging of a gate, but now . she was galloping like the - wind , in order to lessen the already ainiininshing dis tance between herself - and that, offending . skirt, which constituted a regular eyesore in \- the green orbs . of jealousy. She determined occe for all on besting this obnoxious adver sary, and showing her conclusively the ab surdity and crass stupidity or attempting to compete with one so 'facile princeps' as her eelf. 'Did you see how beautifully my horse jumped that, last fence?' she remarked to Colonel Clinker, who happened to be within haiL He also had been delayed by the refusal of a young animal he was qualifying for a stee plechase certifica'te, and like Miss Palliser was intent on getting closer to hounds. 'I'm sorry to say I did not,' he returned satirically. 'By some extraordinary and greatly-to-be-deplored accident, foe one instant my eye was withdrawn from 'you— a circum stance that causes me much regret.' 'indeed!' said she, not altogether easy as 'to the intention of this observation. 'Really, Colonel Clinker* one never knows whether you are in earnest or 'not.' 'Very much in earnest^ Miss Palliser.' 'Then,' said she, with a smile of 'reassur ance, 'I feel extremely flattered by your good opinion. . It is pleasant to find friends think well of one.' . 'Would you like to heighten it still fur ther?' said\he quietly. 'Certainly,' she replied, a liitle surprised at the request, and wondering what was coming next. . She felt she could like Colonel Glinker very much indeed, if only he were always in the present amiable arid complaisant mood. There 'had even existed . moments in bygone years when she bail contemplated the possibility of changing her maiden /name for that of Clin ker, but fiuci dreams ^.had gradually faded away, owing to tiie: taciturn jrianner in which the gentleman w&fS; vtfoiit vfe receive, het , ad varicesV ~ Neveirffiil' ^, a conipiiinent from him, however iaMUj ''.iittereti and labbriou&y; extracted; came with -.double gwror to Pi*'a?-*V like Jong-sough tf or ttorieyTesparaing the exer^ tions of an industrlo is bpe. ? 'Certainly/Vsjieim peated, With a feeling 6£ pleasing ?? expectatio} l stirring the sluggish depths of her heart ''What can I do?' ' 'Why/' §tua ^ fie ;. -i itliieissly, *'ybn Can give that young lady iri front -jf yoo a little* more room at her 'fences, Wd not aide quite so hor ribly jealous.' ')???'? Poor tiling! - , The I reaction iyas terribly fiee rere, and in the fitejt ishock ©t ! it ..she felt tt»d jBurprlsefl even for Mflignatibn.- She drew in J»ef Joreatu with a ^gasp that resembled the gurgle of a drowning man, and emitted the single monosyllable, 'Oh!' 'Yes,' continued Colonel jClinker pointedly, for somehow or other he never could bring 'him- self to regard Miss Palliser- as a woman, and therefore felt little compunction in trampling on her feelings. 'Yes, and what's more, I saw you just now, simply because Miss Brew ser happened to be leading, ride on to her horse's very tail. If he had made the least peck or the ghost of a mistake at the fence you would have been on 'the top of him to a certainty. It's deuced unfair, and if you call that riding, I don't.' . During this speech the lady had partly re covered from the first stunning effects of the blow delivered, and ^oth pride and temper now came to her assistance. But the last straw broke the camel's back. When it be came a question of Tiding, %er riding, anger assumed the upper Tiarid, arid crushed all in cipient sentiment at its very birth. 'Colonel Clinker,' she said, ' or rather screamed, while her sallow complexion sud denly flamed into scarlet, and her small grey eyes gleamed with a Vicious expression, 4T beg leave to state I have not hunted all these years in Huntingshire for nothing. I flatter myself I know how to ride at a fence as well as most people, at least, such is the general opinion; and I don't require you or anyone else to give me lessons how to behave hi the i hunting field. I consider you are most— most \ — most impertinent.' She had begun braye- ' ly. but her voice here died away in hysterical ; sobs. Her mortification was complete. Co- . lonel Clinker bowed silently, and galloped on. ; 'Well, that was sharp arid decisive enough in all conscience,' he said .to himself. 'La Pal- ! User and I have fought our first pitched bat- j tie. though many's the skirmish we have in- j dulged in. I'm afraid I was a little rude, j but the rebuke will do no harm, and the way j she jumps on people is really quite abomin- ] able.' : 'What a fool Colonel Clinker is making of ? himself about that Miss Brewser,' Miss Pal- j liser remarked later on to her dear friend Mrs. | Paget. - . She had sense enough to keep their little en counter to herself, but she could not refrain from launching a few venom-laden arrows by way of taking some revenge. 'A fool?' said Mrs. Piiget 'In what man ner? I have se$i nothing to justify such a remark on your part.' 'You're as blind as a bat, my dear,' return ed Mfss Palliser, contemptuously, 't tell you the man's quite gone off his head. To so great an extent, indeed, that he can't speak with decent civility to anybody else.' 'I had a chat with him some little time ago and he appeared much as' usual.' 'You're a goose, and never could see a thing, even when it was going on under your very nose. My eyes are considerably sharper; they can't hoodwink me in a hurry.' 'But my dear Miss Palliser, who wants to hoodwink you? After all, there would be nothing so very wonderful even if Colonel Clinker were to fall hi love with' Miss Brew ser. Rank united to wealth is not an uncom mon occurrence. One sees It every day of one^s iife.' 'There I agree: but don't talk of love, it's a perfect profanation to call such calculating, mercenary transactions love. Colonel Clinker is no more in love with Miss Brewser than I am.' . 'Then his sentiments _ must be esjxemely lukewarm,' said Mrs. Paget, who took a mild pleasure in nagging at her friend. 'Not at all; mine are very much heated, though by dislike rather than affection. I think Miss Brewser an odious, «ruck-up, for ward, fast young woman; and as for Colonel Clinker, any respect or regard I may once have entertained for him he has'entirely for feited,' with which concluding observation she went home, galloping past Kate, and be spattering her with mud without a word of apology. - 'Phewi' said Mrs. Paget. eyeing her re treating friend dubiously. 'She's very crus ty! I wonder what's up now? It's a pity she's g-ot -such an- ungovernable temper, bur one really never feels sure what she may say and do next' J ? CHAPTER XX. Thus, varied by hunting, heartburnings, sport petty jealousies, and gossip, time glided by, until at length the eventful day arrived on which that source of infinitely more mixed passions, the ladies' steeplechase, was to be decided. It had been settled for a Tuesday, and though supposed a profound secret, the knowledge of its taking place had somehow leaked out. The comparatively early hour of one o'clock was definitely fixed for the start, ! several far-seeing .individuals declaring -that ' in any attempt to bring the jockeyeeses to the post a considerable delay was sure to arise, partly through their inexperience, but still iriore through the difficulties of the fair com petitors arranging the exigencies of toilette to their satisfaction. The kind old Earl, who had thoroughly entered into the spirit of the thing from first to last had signified his inten tion of entertaining the riders and their friends, when the race was over, to a sumptu ous lunch, immediately after wiiich the cup would be presented to the fortunate winner amid all the formal pomposity of speechmak \- ing and health-drinking. /? The morning luckily broke fair and still. Soft grey clouds filled the sky, swept gently onwards by a mild south- westerly breeze. It had rained fast during the night, leaving each blade of grass and faded russet leaf trembling under the silvery weight of the crystal burden imposed on it every one of which shone like a sparkling gem as the pale face of the;43un_ struggled bravely out from amongst the misty shroud encircling it while those hardy biMs who scorned to forsake _? then? storoi^swept home for milder climes, lured by the genial atmosphere, strutted about the moist roads, head on one side, seeking here arid there a precarious livelihood with a cheerfulness and ah activity wiiich seeriied to say, 'After all, .there's no place like old England. Our coih panions are fools to fly away.' Poor little creatures, when they sat shivering and shak ing under the cold, cruel snow, perhaps tbey. told a different tale; but to-day, at least they were happy. Kate felt very joyous ana^ijlea santly excited as she arid Mary. Whitb3^Ld drove out to the- rendezvous. She had ar ranged with Colonel Clinker. to be on the spot early, hi order that they might walk round the course together, and they founi -him, accom panied by Mr; M'Grath and Mr. Cfrahame, al ready awaiting their ,-arrivaL A considerable number of spectators had assembled, making it clear the much-talked-of privacy could riot possibly be maintained in face o£,the interest fcvidetifly aroused oil all sides. Ifhe sporting element was, of cijiitse, present in fullj scarce ly a man or a woman £ roth, (amongst Its ranks being tiiissing, while the Foxington .trades-, people; aecompanieji by1 thfelr %ives aM daughters, who appeared \ mueh : interested, had turned «iif: iri force. SJvM the itenerant slpsy .was. represented by jsl stout party in a blue skirt arid tartan «haWlj Who went about singing atrocious songs ;M a -still more atro cious voice, J^^ngvMVi^ing~'4$^titi^s tb people *#iib liSia'rio tin&ieVy-; '?*# ;|jbear ;* theiri^ Colonel Glinker arid his vcompariioris were yife time not likely tti escape i flieir vaiG&i; favorable predictions. ? ' - -- ; - ..; : ? 'Orosei inj ;; hand,, pfetty^laay?- with a Siver. saxpepice/' ihe^wpm&n; fekid Jt6;Kate 'with j^hlinng insistence. .**It 'will bring yer luck, hoflHDg gut luaci' . ; - , JTo be continued.). * 