The Bullet Hole. (Fmui the French of Francois Coppëe.) At the time when I was employed in the War Office I had a companion who worked in the same room with me, called Jean Vidal, an- old noncommissioned officer, wlio had lost his left arm in the Italian campaign, but who had still his right hand—the "cunning hand" of a quartermaster— with which he executed all sorts of wonders in the caligraphic line— roundhand, flourishes, and Gothic letters ; and he could draw a little bird in the jfinal flourish of his signature with a^single stroke of his pen. He was an upright man was Vidal ; a true type of a pure-hearted and honorable soldier. Though he was scarcely 40 then, and there was but a sprinkling of grey hairs in his fair Zouave board, in the office we all called him "Pere Vidal, less out of familiarity than out of respect ; for we all knew his honourable, self-denying life down there in his cheap lodging at the bottom of Grenelle, where he had taken in his sister, a widow with a tribe of children, and where he supported the whole family on the slender income derived from his pension, his 'cross, and his salary. Three thousand francs for five people ! And Pere VidaFs coats—with the left sleeve, the empty sleeve, fastened to the third button—were always brushed as if he was going to a review, and the good man was so careful of his red ribbon, which he always kept bright, that he used to take it out of his button-hole when he carried a parcel in the street. As I lived in the suburbs towards the south of Paris at that time, I often walked home with Pere Vidal, and I used to take pleasure in getting him to give me an account of his campaigns, as we walked past the Military School, meeting at every step—it was in the latter years of the Empire—the handsome uniforms of the Imperial Guards, the pioneers in green, the lancers in white, the artillery officers in their magnificent sombre uniforms—-black and gold. It was worth while to get killed in such a costume as that ! Sometimes in the warm summer evenings I used .to treat my companion to an absinthe - a pleasure that poor Vidal denied himself, out of economy—and we used to sit for half an hour in front zî the officers' cafe in the Avenue de la Motte-Piquet. On these days the old quartermaster, who had became a sober, family man, and was out of the habit of taking " appetisers," used to rise front the table with his brain stimulated to heroic thoughts, and I was sure to have some stirring tale of the war as we walked home. One evening—I believe, God forgive me ! that Pere Vidal had drunk two glasses of absinthe—as we went along that horrid Boulevard de Grenelle, he stopped suddenly before the window of a second-hand clothes shop —there are a good many in that quarter. It was a dirty, sordid shop, with rusty pistols, bowls full of buttons, and tarnished epaulettes in the window ; and hanging before the door, among dirty rags, there was here and there an old officer's coat, rotted by the rain and fretted by the sun, with a sort of vague human resemblance in its tight waist and broad shoulders. Vidal seized my arm with one hand, and pointed with his stump to one of these cast-off garments — it was the tunic of an African officer, with its many-plaited skirt, and its triple gold band twisted into a figure of eight on the sleeve, as the hussars wear it. " Look here," said he ; " this is the uniform of my old corps—a-captain's tunic." As he went to examine it more closely, and read the number engraved on the buttons, he added, enthusiastically :— "My own regiment The first Zouaves !" But all at once Pere VidaFs hand, which had already seized the skirt of the old tunic, grew motionless, his facd darkened, his lips began to tremble, and, looking down, he muttered, in a tone of horror :— " Good heavens ! Supposing it was his r Then, with a sudden movement, he turned the tunic round, so that I could see, in the middle of the back, a little round hole in the cloth—a hole made by a bullet— with a dirty-looking black circle round it, of dried blood probably : an ill-looking hole, that made me feel both horror and pity, as if it had been a wound. " Oh !" said I to Pere Vidal, who* had dropped the garment and walked on, with a hurried step, hanging his head ; " there is an ugty scar And guessing that there was some tale attached to it, I added, to goad 1113- companion into relating it:— " It is not generally in the liaek that a captai 11 of Zouaves gets hits by a bullet ! But he did not seem to hear me ; he was muttering to himself and biting his moustache. ** How could it have come there ? It is a long way from the battlefield of Melegnano to the Boulevard de Grenelle Yes, I know there are the vultures who follow the army and plunder the corpses. But why just there, not two steps from the Militaty School, where the other's regiment is quartered ? And he must have passed here : he must have recognized it. Oh, it is like seeing a ghost !" " Come, now, Pere Vidal," said I, taking him by the arm, intensely interested ; " you are not going on talking riddles ; you may just as well tell me what that old torn tunic has reminded you of." But I veily believe that if lie had not drunk those two absinthes, I should never have heard the story ; for when I asked him to tell 111e, Pere Vidal shot a suspicious and almost frightened glance at me. Then, suddenly, as if he had made up his mind to sepak, he began in a dry, hard voice:— " Well, then, yes, I will tell you all about it ; for you are a clever young man, and honourable, and I can trust you. Yon will tell n»e—honestly on your conscience—whether you think I was right to act as I did. Let me see where shall I begin ? Ah, in the first place, I cannot tell you his name—the other's I mean—because he is still alive. I shall have to call him by the nickname we gave him in the regiment. Thirsty we called him, and he deserved the name too, for he was one of those fellows who are never out of the canteen, and would toss off his twelve glasses of brandy, one for each stroke, when the clock struck twelve. He was sergeant in the same company where I was quartermaster, and we walked side by side in the ranks. A good soldier—a capital soldier ; a drunkard, quarrelsome and brawler. He had all the faults of the African army, but he was as brave as an African lion ! He was not an easy one to manage—you could see that with the first look at his sunburnt face with its red beard and cold, steelblue eyes. " When I joined the regiment Thirsty had just finished his time ; he re-enlisted, received the bounty, and went in for a three-days' regular carouse in the lowest parts of Algiers. With four or five boon companions like himself they drove about, all packed in an open carriage, and flourishing a tri-coloured flag with the motto, ' This can't last for ever ! ' on it. He was brought back to the barrack with his head cut open by a sword wound that lie had got in a Moorish den, where he had a fight with the Arabs. Thirsty got well ; he was sent to prison for a fortnight, and had his stripes taken from him. It was the second time he had been put back into the ranks. If it hadn't been for his bad conduct he would have been an officer long ago, for he lielonged to a very respectable family, and had been well educated. " Well, he lost his stripes after that affair with the Arabs, but he got them back again eighteen months later— at the same time that I mvself rose to be sergeant-quartermaster—thanks to the kindness of the captain, who had always great patience with Thirsty. He was an old African soldier himseif, and had seen him under fire at Kabylie. " But just at that time our old captain was promoted and left the regiment, and they sent us out a young fellow, only twenty-eighty to take his place. He was a Corsican, named Gentile ; a cold, ambitous man, just out of the school—a very good officer, they said, but fearfully hard on the men. He would give you eight days under arrest for a spot of rust on your rifle or a button missing off your gaiters. He had never served in Algeria, and had no notion of any insubordination or disorder. From the first moment he and Thirsty were at daggers drawn. That they were sure to be. The first time the sergeant was absent from roll-call he put him under arrest for a week ; the first time he got drunk, for a fortnight. When the captain—a little dark man, as stiff as a poker, with bristling moustaches—ordered him under arrest, adding, in a stern tone, ' I know you, my friend, and I mean to master you,' Thirsty never answered a word, but walked quietly away toward the guardroom. Still, I fancy the captain would have lowered his tone a bit, all the same, if lie had seen how the sergeant's face reddened with anger, and how his terrible blue eyes flashed as he turned awa} r . "Meanwhile the Emperor declared war on Austria, and we were all shipped off to Italy. I pass over the incidents of the campaign, and come to the point at once. The evening before the Battle of Melegnano— where I lost my arm, you know - our battalion was encamped in a small village, and before we broke ranks our captain made us a little speech—he was quite right was the captain reminding us that we were in a friendly countiy, and that for the honour of the army we should be on our good behaviour ; and he added that anyone who caused the slightest annoyance to any of the inhabitants would lie punished most severely. While he was making this speech Thirsty, who was standing near me, leaning unsteadily on his liayonet.—he had emptied a good many glasses since the morning—shrugged his shoulders, but fortunately the captain did not notice biin. " In the middle of the night I was wakened up suddenly. I sprang from the heap of straw I had been sleeping on in a corner of the farm yard, and t by the light of the moon T saw Thirsty with a young girl in his arms, all torn a and dishevelled, and calling on the d Madonna and all the saints in heaven o to save her. He was struggling furiously, like a lion, with a lot of peas- a ants and soldiers who were trying to rescue her from him. I ran up to help, s but the Captain got there liefore me. h With one glance—he had a very commanding glance had the little Corsieau o a —he drove back the sergeant, cowed. Then, when he had spoken a few reassuring words to the girl in Italian, he came back and stood before the culprit, and shaking his finger before the other's face :— "'They ought to blow out the brains of wretches like you," said he, 'As soon as I can see the colonel you shall have your stripes taken from you ; and it will lie for good this time. There will be a"battle to-morrow ; you had better try and get killed ! ' •' We went to bed again. But the Captain was right, and before the break of day we were awakened by the cannonade. We flew to arms and formed a column, Thirsty taking his place next to me. I thought I had never seen his fierce blue eves look more terrible. The battalion began its march. We were to dislodge the white coats, who had taken up their position in the village of Melegnano, which they had fortified with cannon. Forward, march ! We hadn't gone two miles, when, bang the Austrian cannon burst upon us, and knocked down 15 of our men. After that, the officers, who had been waiting for the order to charge, made us lie down in the maize fields like the sharpshooters. They remained standing themselves, of course, and I can tell you our captain stood up as straight as any of tliem. We men, kneeling among the cornstalks, kept up an incessant tire 011 the Austrian battery, which was within range. Suddenly I felt someone nudge my elbow. I turned round, and saw Thirsty loading his rifle and looking at me with a sort of dare-devil smile lurking in the corners of his mouth. " You see the captain? said he, jerking his head towards that officer, who was standing at a distance of about 20 feet from us. " ' Yes ; what of it ! ' I answered, looking in the same direction. " < What of it ? He ought not to have spoken to me as he did last niglit.' " Then with a rapid, well-calculated movement, be levelled his piece and fired. I saw the captain, with a sudden, convulsive spasm, throw back his head and beat the air with his hajds, then drop his sword and fall heav ily backward to the ground. " ' Murderer ! ' I cried, seizing the sergeant's arm. "But he sent 111e rolling two or three feet from him with a blow in the chest from the butt-end of bis rifle. " ' Fool ! How will you prove I killed him ? ' " I sprang to 1113' feet, furious : but all the rest rose at the same time, for there was our colonel, bareheaded, 011 his smoking horse, pointing with his sword to the Austrian battery, and shouting with all his might :— " ' Forward, Zouaves ! Charge with the bayonet ! ' " What could I do, but charge with the rest ? And it was a fine thing too, that charge of the Zouaves at Melegnano. Have you ever seen a heavy sea beating against a rock ? Yes ? Well, that is just what it was like. One after another, three companies rushed up there, like a wave over a rock. Three times the battery was covered with the blue coats and red breeches, and three times we saw the embankment, bristling with its cannons' mouths, reappear like the rock when the wave has spent itself. " But the fourth company—that was ours—carried the place. For myself, in twenty strides I reached the redoubt, and helping myself with the bntt-end of my rifle I clambered up the embankment. I hail just time to see a blue cap, a pair of fair moustaches, and a muzzle of a gun that was almost touching me ; and then I felt such a blow 011 my left shoulder that I thought my arm had been torn off. I turned giddy, dropped my rifle, rolled over on my side by the wheel of a gun-carriage, and fainted away. "When I opened my eyes again there was only a faint sound of musketry in the distance. The Zouaves were there, standing in a sort of disorderly halfcircle, shouting, 'Long live the Emperor ! ' and waving their rifles at arms' length in the air. " An old general, with his aide-decamp, came galloping up ; he stopped his horse, took off his gold- striped cap, and waved it joyfully, shouting— " ' Well done, Zouaves ! You are the finest soldiers in the world ! ' " I sat up, leaning against the wheel of the gun-carriage, holding my broken paw dismally in my right hand : and I began to remember Thirsty s horrible crime - shooting his captain from liehind on the battlefield. " And at once he left the ranks and came forward towards the general. The very man himself—Thirsty, the captain's murderer ! He had lost his fez in the fray, and his close-shaven head was bare, with a wound across it, from which the blood trickled over his forehead and down his cheek. He was leaning on his gun with one hand, and in the other he held an Austrian flag, ll torn and blood-stained, a flag he liatl taken from the enemy. " The general looked at him with the gi-eatest admiration. " ' Just look at that, Bricourt,' said he, turning to his aide-de-camp. *' There's a man for you ! He'll have he cross.' And repeating 'Fine fellow ! Fine fellow ! ' he turned to his ide-de-camp, and said something I id not understand—you know I am nly an ignorant man—but I remember ll the same, "Isn't that worthy of Plutarch, Bricourt?' " And then the pain in my arm was o great that I fainted away again, and eard nothing more. " You know what followed. I have ften told you how they hacked about my shoulder, and how I lay in the ambulances for t wo months with fever and delirium. And in inv restless wakeful hours I was always wondering what I ought to do about Thirsty. Ought I to denounce him ? I thought Ï ought, But, then, what proofs had I to show ? And, after all, if he was a scoundrel, he was a brave soldier. He had killed Captain Gentile, but he had taken a flag from the enemy. T could not make up my mind what to do. When at length I l>egan to get iletter I learnt that, as a reward for his brilliant conduct, Thirsty had been promoted ir.to the Zouaves of the Guard, and that they had given him the cross of the Legion of Honour. For the first moment it made 111e feel disgusted with my own cross, that the colonel had brought to me in the hospital. And .yet, after all, Thirsty deserved his as well as I did mine: but he deserved, too, that his ribbon should serve as a target for a file of men told off to shoot him. All that happened long ago, and I have never seen the sergeant since : he is still in the service, while I have turned civilian. But just now, looking at that tunic, with its bullet hole, hanging there in the shop, and goodness knows how it got there! with the barrack where the murderer is quartered only a few yards oft; I remembered that the crime had gone unpunished, and it seemed as if the captain's ghost cried out for justice." I quieted Pere Vidal as best Î could, for his story had put hitn into a great state of excitement. I assured him he had acted for the best, and that the heroic conduct of the sergeant of Zouaves had fully balanced his crime. But a few days after, when I went into the office, Vidal handed me a newspaper, folded so that I could only see one paragraph, and remarked solemn Iv : — " What did I tell you ?" I took the newspaper, and this is what I read :— "ANOTHER VIM M OF IXTEMPEH- AXCE.—Yesterday afternoon, on the Boulevard de Grenelle, a man named Mallet commonly called Thii-sty, a sergeant in the Zouaves of the Imperial Guard, who had been drinking T deeply in all the public-houses in the neighourhood with two of his companions, was suddenly seized with an attack of delirium tremens, while he was looking at some old uniforms hanging in the window of a second- hand clothes-shop. He ran down the street, brandishing his sword, and spreading terror before him. The two soldiers who accompanied him had the greatest difficulty in mastering the madman, who kept shouting, with furv, ' I am not a murderer ! I took a flag from the Austrians at Melegnano ! " We are informed that Mallet really was decorated for the gallant act, and that nothing but his inveterate drunkenness a has prevented his being promoted to the rank of an officer. Mallet was taken to the military hospital, the Gros- Caillou, whence he will shortly be removed to Charenton, as it is doubtful if the unfortunate man will ever recover his reason." As I gave back the paper to Virlal, he looked at me earnestly and said :— " Captain Gentile was a Corsican. He has taken his revenue. ! " 