OOUNTHY NOTES. : Our Deniliquin correspondent writes: A. seric-i ] I accident happened on Nov. 4 bo a man named r ' Li. Noätrom, aged 26. He was working ,t¡'. ! lus father's farm, Castlewood, with a stripper, ic. which were attached three young horses. No.;' trom was oiling the machine, when the auinui'.s suddenly bolted, He was thrown heavily to i.Ü« ground, and the largó" wheel of the machine pasiui.i j over him. He was conveyed to Deniliquin, and Dr. Graham found Nestrom had sustained a bra ken shoulder bone, and also a fractured skull. The residents of certain portions of Hatniko,. (writes our correspondent) have for some mon íii: past been in a state of excitement owing to i ,") alleged ghostly visits of a "woman- in gre;,," who is reported to appear at intervals near Gr 'x son Park. Constable Brown has spent mt.ny sleepless mights watching;: but until the "ni nothing was met with. On that night the cor,- i stable was called out by an excited resident, vho had seen the ghost. By the time the constable reached the scene close on -3O0 persons had as sembled. The bush was searched, hut nothing has yet been discovered of the mystery. A nun; ber of persons have now decided to patrol the vul- j nity, and watch for "the woman in grey." j A cottage situated on Camp Hill, Forbes, occu- j pied by a farmer named Gannon, was totally j destroyed by dre on Sunday. The fire originated in a room adjoining the kitchen, which is detached from the house, and it is supposed, that a spark from a fire at the rear of the houso, where some rubbish wa>3 being burnt, blew on to the building, which was a very old weatherboard structure. Within a few minutes the place was enveloped in flames, and in about half an hour the structure was completely destroyed. The fire brigade was in attendance, but was unable to ren der any material assistance. Most of the furni ture in the house was saved. The building was the property of Mrs. S. A. Fox, and was in sured. The Railway Department has replaced the old wooden bridge over Ironbark Creek,, on the Nor thern line, beyond Newcastle, with a new steel structure having a single span of 110ft, the girders for which were manufactured by Hud son Brothers. The level is 3ft Gin above that , of the wooden bridge, which was sometimes submerged by flood waters, causing a delay to traffic. The new structure was built on a temporary foundation adjacent to the old bridge, and on Sunday last was, by an ingeni ous, mechanical arrangement, slid into its position over a distance of 27ft. Only three hours wero occupied in the accomplishment of this feat. As , is customary in such work, it was carried out by I the departmental employees, under the Railway Engineers.- í The ravages of noxious animals (writes our cor respondent) is a serious evil with the farmers re siding in oloee proximity to the mountain-rangea of - Illawarra. The inroads on the crops by wallabies and other animals gives the far mers as much concern at . times "'as does a drought ; they find that the only way to combat the nuisance is by keeping a num ber of dogs, but farmers complain under the cir cumstances of being subject to the dog tax. Mr. A. Campbell, M.L.A. for Illawarra, approached tho Government on the subject, and his efforts have met with success. He has secured a notification from the Principal Under-secretary to the effect that the police have been Instructed that the pro visions of the dog tax will not be strictly enforced in country districts unde: such conditions. A largely attended public meeting, convened by the Mayor of Parramatta in response to a numerously signed requisition, was held in the Town Hall on Oct. 3 to support . the pro ject of a light Une of railway from Parramatta to the fruit-growing districts. The Mayor (Al derman T. Moxham) presided. " Alderman Hill moved-"That in the opinion of this meeting, the best interests of Parramatta and district .would be served by a light railway to Baulk ham Hills, Kellyville, Castle Hill, Dural, Kent hurst, etc., and this meeting pledges itself to use all endeavors in its power to further the proposal." Seconded by Mr. C. B. Cairnes, and Carried. Mr. John Thorpe moved-"That tho committee of the Parramatta Progress Associa tion be tho committee to carry out the above resolution, and to act in conjunction with tho committees already* appointed in the adjacent districts." Mr. M'Intosh seconded the resolu tion, which was agreed to. A vote of thanks to the chairman ended the meeting. The first anuual meeting of the Armidale Public Schools' Athletic Association was held on Nov. 6, and was very successful, about 1000 children being present, but owing to there being no train accommodation many chiidron from a distance wero unable to attend. The drill and calisthenic displays wore very attractive. Tho results of tho chief events were : High jump, Siddins, Mt 5iu; pole vaulting, Munsie, 7tt t-in; 100yd footrace, M'iJrohon ; junior championship, Stevenson (Glen Innes); all schools' champion ship, Bluxner (Armidale) ; 100yd handicap, Siddins; 440yd handicap, Munsie (Uralla); phc and drop-kicking-, football, Wickerson won both ; teachers' race, EdmundB; Metz Public School won the shield, physical drill, with and without arms, scoring 106 points ; Hillgrove School YO» the shield, drill competitions, with 98 points ; Armidale Public School A team won the tug of war. Our correspondent writes:-About sevouty mou are employed constructing a storage reservoir at the Moor Creek end of the Tamworth valor works. The wages amount to ¿6300 a fortni[*ii!'. Tho main wall of tho dam, which is to be 70ft high, is now up to tho 31it level. Tho work wi« commenced in April last, with Mr. S. H. Weoîbu in ohargo, who anticipates that the contract will bo completed and ready to hand over tc tko municipal council by April next year. The basia of the resorvoir will have the holding capacity of 70,O0O,O00gal, suilicieufc to provide abunda w of water for a population of 10,000. lt i« ex pected that service pipes to convey water from Moor Creek dam to the service reservoir .it tho rear of the hospital will arrive in a few di VP, when the work of laying them will he immuoiiitoiy commenced, the distance being twelve mile?, an the pipe line will traverse the Moonbi Kandos for a considerable distance. Tho dam is 1000ft'-.ibova the level of tho town. 