Musical Notes. By Leipsio. A fine lot of music for review comes tojne from Messrs. Paling and Co. Prominent amongst this is an ' Album of 16 songs ' by three of the best song writers of Germany— Joachim Raff, Adolf Jensen, and Ed. Lassen. Eight of the most poetic of the first-named composer's lieder are to be found here — viz., 44 Restless Love,' 'Sweet Annette,' 'Evening Song,' 'Near Thee,' 'Serenade,' 'Love Will Triumph,' ' Maiden's Song,' and 'Ave Maria.' Jensen's ' Oh, with Us Linger, Golden Hour,' 'Marie,' and ' Oh, Let Thy Tears Fall fast with Mine ' are sad little works of much refinement. No composer is more appreciated in Germany for a ? - C * 1. J-C..1 £ ? ? ? -LI ? r ? — Wcu.ua OX uuiigiiLiiu, liiuui-iui bcuuiueuu buau .uo&&eii9; who sends forth from his retreat at Weimar such truly musicianly songs as the five which, have a place in this, album. These are ' I Wander 'mongat the Blossoms,' ' It was a Dream,' ' Birdliug, whither Away?' 'My Heart is as the Darksome Night,' and ' When Thy Blue Eyes.' An English translation as well as the original Ger . man is given. Another album is ' The Romance of the Ball,' containing seven characteristic pieces for the piano by Arthur Somerville. They are pretty little Schumannesque compositions, and easy to play. The titles explain themselves — ' Anticipation,' ' The Meeting,' ?' 'Twixt Hope and Fear,' 'Pleading,' 'Dance,' ' In th'e Garden,' 'When all the World is Young,' The sheet music includes Massenet's graceful song, ' Open thy Blue Eyes,' a choice of four keys being given ; Ernest Bucalossi's gay waliz, ' The Masque,' adorned with an attrac tively illustrated cover ; Francois Behr's march, ' La Revue,' as an easy piano duet ; and a brilliant concert waltz for the same instrument by Sig. Stojowski, from his ' Danses Humoresques.' Messrs. Stanley, Lucas, Weber, Pitt, and Hatzfeld are the publishers of the forego ing. Messrs. Paling and Co. also forward Stephen Adams's patriotic song, ' Her Majesty,' which is written in the usual style of that much -sung composer. The words are by Weatherby, and four keys are offered. From the London Music Publish ing Company comes ' The Dream of War,' a song by Ernest A. Warsaw, who has written words as well as music. It is printed in two keys. The question of bicycle riding for vocalists is becoming more prominent every day. Mdme. Mar chesi, the celebrated singing teacher, as is well known, forcids her pupils to ride, considering it injurious to the voice ; but as her most famous pupil, Mdme. Melba, is a regular cyclist, the objection loses weight. M. Jean de Retzke, too, is very fond of the wheel, and rides nearly every day. Recently Count Hoeh berg, the Intendant of the Royal Opera at Berlin, issued a command to the Bingers of that institute not ' Ja come to the theatre on their machines. i 'must thank- Mr. Walter Sellar, of Bobundara, Cooma, for his letter about the introduction of the 'Marseillaise' into Schumann's ' Faschingswank aus Wien,' and also for the interest he expresses in regard to this column. Satasate plays every year in his native Spanish town Of Pampeluna, and, acclaimed by the inhabi tants as one who has done great credit to his birth place, is received with public honours. This year his playing of Beethoven's violin concerto caused a furore in the Concert Hall, and at the Fermin Fete the renowned artist aroused wild enthusiasm by his interpretations of the Spanish national airs. Sara sate always gives a public concert iu the principal square to enable the very poorest peasant to hear the exquisite music drawn forth from their countryman's priceless violin. Not content with this, Sarasate has made many valuable presents of jewellery he has re ceived from European royalty to Pampeluna. At the bull fight held during his visit the violinist tore the gold studs from his cuffs, and threw them to the successful matador amidst a scene of excitement. An entertainment in aid of the Consumptives' Home Fund was given in the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Saturday evening by Mr. farker Lewis, assisted by MisB Winifred Stratton, R.A.M. The gentleman was heardin a recital of Dickens's ' Christmas Carol ' — ' a touching masterpieoe which never fails to arouse , human interest, Beginning with ' Marley's Ghost,' Mr. Parker narrated how Scrooge was transformed from a miserable miserly creature who was hated and despised by everyone with whom he came in contact to a generous, warm-hearted benefactor, through his dreams .on Christmas Eve night. The account of Bob Cratchit's Christmas dinner — where the goose and pudding proved such wonderful suc cesses — gave amusement, and Mr. Parker was lis tened to throughout with attention, and showed him self a pleasant reciter. Miss Stratton, for her piano solos, played Beethoven's ' Moonlight Sonata ' and Arthur O'Leary's ' Black Knight,' well and effec tively, and also appeared as a vocalist in songs by Cowen and Sullivan, being encored for ' The Gift of Rest,' of the first-named composer. The London ' Sketch ' of July 28 contains a photo of Mr. Lempriere Pringle, the Tasmanian basso, who feas. recently been touring in America and Canada with Madame Albani. Mr. Pringle, who was born at Hobart in 1869, went to Europe 10 years ago to study singing at the Royal College of Music, and after spending two years at that institu tion proceeded to Frankfort, where he put himself under the famous vocal professor, Stockhausen. He also studied theory with Humperdiuck, now so world renowned as the composer of 'Hansel and Gretel.' In 1891 the Tasmanian artist joined the Carl Kosa Ctyara Company, and .for five years sang with success, appearing in no less than 57 different roles. He has besides sung at the Mottl concerts, and before the Queen at Balmoral, and will probably be a member of the company with which Madame Albani will tour the provinces in the autumn. Miss Maude M'Carthy, the wonderful little Sydney violiniste, will be another representative of Australia in the Canadian prima donna's company. Mr. C. Lee Williams (the examiner for these colonies) and Mr. Samuel Aitken (hon. sec.) arrived from London by the Orient, in Sydney on Saturday, in connection with the examinations of the Associated Board of the Royal Academy of Music and the Royal College of Music. They expect to be busy iu Australia till November, when Tasmania and New Zealand will be visited, en route to Canada, via Van couver. Some of the English papers have been taking Madame Melba to task for perpetually singing in the same old operas, and not adding to her repertory. Possibly the fact that in breaking new ground last year as Briinnhilde in Wagnerian music drama the Australian soprano made no success has much to do with the fact of her continual appearances as Juliette, Gilda, Lucia, and Marguerite, but it is pointed out that audiences will not always go even to hear the golden voice of Melba iu such hackeneyed operas. After all the prima donna is but following the ex ample of Patii, who, although having sung m a great many operas iu her career, specially tingled out a few in which she felt she appeared to the utmost advan tage, and repeated them over and over again each year with continued success. ? Beethoven's great 'Symphony' in C minor will be the principal item at the Amateur Orchestral Society's concert on the 29th instant. Other num bers will be Liszt's ' Rhapsody ' No. 2, Schumann's ' Evening Soyg,' as arranged by Camille Saint Saens ; and Cnaminade's ballet music ' Call.' Miss JosepliineDeakinwill singEiia's beautiful 'Dream ' from 'Lohengrin.' Concerts arranged by Messrs. Paling and Co. have been given during the 'week at the Diamond Jubilee Charity Carnival at the Town Hall. On Friday 1 evening Miss Hathaway, who has an excellent voice, j was heard in Mascheroni's ' For AU Eternity,' Mr. , Herbert Gilles sang Walton's popular ' What Might Have Been,' and Mrs. Martel was applauded for her recitation of ' King Henry of Navarre.' It is not often that elocutionists appear in the Town Hall, for its immense size necessitates a great strain on the speaking voice, if the reciter wishes to be heard all over. On Saturday Miss Edith King, Messrs. Weir, Phillip, Donovan, and Yolluiar were the soloists. That well-worn opera 'Maritana' will shortly be produced by the Victorian Operatic Society. Why do not amateurs choose some of the charming works of Lortzing, Brull, or Nessler, which are unknown iu Australia, and admirably suited for the purpose ? These operas are constantly heard in Germany, where 'The Czar and Carpenter,' 'The Golden Cross,' and 'The Trumpeter of Sakkingen,' for example, are extremely popular. 'Maritana' and ' The Bohemian Girl ' deserve a long rest. Miss Lalia Miranda, the Melbourne soprano, will make operatic appearances at the Hague during the winter, having been engaged for the Court Theatre, where she will be. heard in no less than 23 operas. Her recent European training has been verv benefi cial in the developments of her bright and flexible voice. Miss Harrie Lipman and Miss Neva Carr Glyn, two Sydney vocalists who appeared in Brisbane last Saturday, at Mr. Bentley's shilling concerts, leceived favourable criticisms from the press and plenty of j applause and recalls from the audience. They both sing again in the Northern city to-night at the same ! concerts. j The Sydnej Liedertafel are extending their field of labour, and, besides giving a smoke concert at St. James' Hall, on Tuesday evening, appear at Chowder Bay on the 6th proximo at a similar function. Master Aylmer Busst and Miss Ada Berkeley, two young Victorians, are to bo 'sent to Germany for a live years' course, and a benefit concert has been resolved upon by a large meeting at Melbourne. Sir Charles Halle is quoted as having predicted great j things for Master Busst. j 