THlE WOODS' GHOST. Possibl- General Fawncliffe was eo tentric because he could not help it, but it is more probable that he did thins in a manner entirely different from anybody else because he wanted t, be odd and wanted to make a sensa tion. He was a wealthy man, and there fore be could do very nearly as he liked. He was haughty, overbearing and irritable. I always thought that if he had been the czar of Russia or the shah of Persia he would have played his role very well. He had built a fine house on the banks of the Delaware, and at the verge of the Block woods, of which he was the owner. He was not more than 45 years old and appear ed to be entirely alone in the world; at any rate, no one in Blockville ever heard that he had any relations. At the time of which 1 write I was a young fellow of 16, of no sort of conse quence whatever, and my name was, but is not now, Pardon Sashwood, though mother and everybody else call ed me Pardy. isy mother was a dress maker in the town and did a big busi ness. She never said anything about myfather, and I didnot know anything about him, and Iconcluded that he had been hanged, or otherwise nipped in the bad, and I did not press my inquiries in regard to him. I was a regular resi dent in Block Hall, as General Fawn clife called his elegant mansion, and my first duty is to explain how I hap pened to be a dweller beneath its princely roof. I was very fond of fish ing, and my mother was very fond of eating fish, for I caught very nice ones in the river. One day I sat upon a rock that projected out into the stream just below the general's mansion. Above me was a sandy beach, and while I sat there the general drove down upon it in his buggy, with a high spirited hose. I wondered what he was doing there with such a turnout. The horse was full of spirit, and the choleric driver seemed to be well sup plied with spirits, though of the arti ficial sort. The animal pranced and capered on the sand, and did not ap pear to have learned that his master was as impatient as he was eccentric. The horse had a way of his own, and so had the general, and as the two ways did not ran in the same direction it created an unpleasantness between them. At last the driver used his whip without the exercise of much discretion, and the brute manifested himself in a very decided manner. Then I decided that he was trying to drive the horse into the water, where he was unwilling to go. But the general got the best of it in the end and drove the obstinate creature straight into the river, as though he intended to cross to the other side. In a few moments the animal had to swim, but he struck out brave ly, the general applying the lash all the time; in fact, he seemed to be whip ping him for his own satisfaction, now that the brute had yiel-dd the point. In another moment the buggy, which appeared to be floating, suddenly top pled over and spilled the occupant into the drink. He lost his hold upon it, and then I saw that he could not swim. The horse took a circle around the spot and swam leisurely to the shore, dragging the baggy after him. Just below the rock on which I was seated was a bateau, and I lost no time in rushing to it. I had some skill in the use of the paddle, and I soon reached the general, who was foundering about in the water like a grounded whale. He was a large man, and I saw that it would be impossible to get him into the boat. I asked him to take hold of the stern to support himself while I pad dled to the beach. He used expletives and insisted upon getting into the boat. I told him I would leave him to his fate if he did not do as I directed. The threat carried him, and he held on to the boat till his feet touched the bot tom. "I will kill that horse!" he exclaim ed when he reached the beach and had recovered his breath. "He is the ug liest brute I ever drove." "He is not so much of a brute as you are, general," I replied. "You acted like a heathen when you whipped him, and I had half a mind to let you drown." He looked at me in astonishment. Perhaps he thought I had earned the right to speak my mind, but whether I had or not I expressed myself as plainly as though I had been the gen eral and he had been Pardy Sashwood. Doubtless it was a new thing for any one to "speak up" to him. "Boy, I want you to come and live with me," he said, and I was amazed then. "I won't do it," I replied. "I wonld not live under the same roof with such a porcupine as you are for all your money." He actually teased me, and he ex pressedhis obligations tome very hand somely, but I stuck to my text. I help ed him right his buggy, now tnat the horse had cooled off, and he insisted on driving me home, which I permitted him to do. IMy mother saw me when I gotout of the bugny. The general told me to think of his offer and come to his house if I decided to accept it. MIy mother, after she had heard all about the affair in the river, insisted that I should accept the offer. I argu-ed against it for a long time, buIt I finally yielded to her wi~shes. The next day I belonged to the general's household, and Mrs. Cashley gave me a hearty wel come. General Fawncliffe treated me with a degree of cnnideration accorded to no other person. I helped him about Dr. J. M. Cormell. Kansas City Kans., says: "I use Sander and Sons Eucalypti Extract fre quently as am antiseptic and for neura'gia aundit. has given me -reat .alisfac: n. Care has to be xercised not to be sapplied with spurious pre parations as done by my supply-druggit.,"-In mist getting Sander and Sons Eucalypti Extract, or else sou will be supplied with worthless ois. The " Eremng News," Sydney. says mn regarl to the aprlicslatton of Fucnsl ptus in influenza : '". hWe ; to PIxerci r'antin to ~et n a,- .l-a freed a: i!f aetrinCen' er.-'itupntA or else it n 11 pnrevent Ih.. excretion of he disease producing rerms.. preparatit, known a- Sander and Sons Eucalypti Extract was foud to be the saly refined ne. and aroved to be possessed of the highc~t germ-kiilhg q gahties." Dr. S. P: Preston. Lerchburg Va. writes: -'- I have been very much pleased with Sander and -ons Eucalypti Extract in the first stage of phtbisis. using ;t as an inhalation from a bron chitins cett'. I never used any preparation than Sandert, as I ha're found the cthersto be almost uaeless," hib accounts and papers, though I was permitted to attend the academy. I really came to like him after awhile, and I know that I improved his man ners and morals to some extent. His narrow escape from drwiwning had strongly impressed Liti. I discovered. He was a victim to that :malady of sed entary and lazy pote. insomnia. Lie had been in the halit of drinki-ig more whisky than was gu~,l fcr him as a remedy. He tol nl, ih cuhld rot sdeep until he had dranlk at lea:t six glasses. I reasoned with him, talking flatly and rlainly, as I always did. I asked him to stop it and walk one or two hours In the Block woods after 0 in the even ing. lie tried it with good results. and after th,:t called me loctor. Aiter lh had practiced this walking for a couple of wees, lihe told me he had seen a ghost in the woods three successive amghts. I laughed at him and asked him if he had been drinking whisky again, but lie assured me he had not. The next night I watched myself in the grove. Sure enough, I saw a figure in white, though 1 did not be lieve it was a spirit from the other world. I saw that the figure tried to approach the general, bet fr,,m fear, or some other motive, he kept his distance from it. I had a revolver, and with this in my hand, though it was not loaded, I went with the general to the woods one bright moonlight night. The ghost came as usual, and the general was in clined to retreat. So was the figure when I showed myself. But I pursued it. I held up my revolver and threat ened to fire if the ghost did not halt. "No, Pardy! Don't fire! I am your mother," screamed the ghost, not know ing that the weapon was not loaded. She halted, and 1 went up to her, the general following me when assured that the figure was not a supernatural one. She was dressed in white, as she was usually in summer, and I wondered if she was troubled with insomnia. "Pardy, General Fawncliffe is your father and my husband!" exclaimed my mother when the general had come up with us. "Emily!" he exclaimed, "I wonder ed where Pardy got all his impudence, for I thought he could have inherited it only from me." We had a long talk in the moonlight. I knew that my mother had come from California, but her former home was one of the things of which she seldom spoke. The general acknowledged her as his wife before me. They disagreed and had separated. For the sake of her son she had followed him, hoping that years had softened his temper. She did not care to call upon Inm at his house, but when I became on such excellent terms with him she had decided to meet him in the woods, where I had told her that he walked every night. He had fled from her, but she persevered till I brought matters to a head. iy mother is now the mistress of Block Hall, and I still have to do a great deal of plain speaking.-Oliver Optic in Philadelphia Press. 