p.oints:™ , [By Needle.]' The Quickest . 1 Way to send - An urgent message , To York, is by goods train. Never trust it to the telegraph, It's too slow. Seven hours for one message is a record. Love may be blind, but he always skips the girl that squints. Somebody wants to know which teeth come last. False teeth, of course. A pugilist is never more active in his movements than when he isslug-gish. Much as a man admires truth, he prefers to hear it told about some other fellow. , An eclipse inAdelaide— that is, at the Onkaparinga meeting-r-Eclipse landed the Steeple. The receiver is as bad as the thief but neither of them feels as bad as the man who has been robbed. The cry is still they come. A lady of the Dampier Company was one of the original lady cricketer that played on the E.M.C. Ground, Victoria. The warnings of the Christian powers to the Sultan will finally prevail.because the Christians will soon all have been murdered. It now looks as though Turkey and Greece smell powder. I think by. the time 'they've finished, they'll both know that they've been fighting. Talking of cricket, marriage is an exciting match, in which the best man does not get an innings. The parson bowls a maiden over, and the captain of the team eets a duck. A lady from East Perth writes, mak ing the very sensible suggestion that.by way of celebrating the Queen's record reign, the house rents and cost of living be reduced. On the Barwon River, Queensland, an alligator has carried off a woman while bathing: Poor alligator ! What makes the job the blacker is that the woman is an aborignal. '? The usual Easter amusements in Vic toria—a case of ' didn't know it was Joaded' is reported from Clunes. The man who gazed into the barrel is not expected to recover. A feature of 'My Fancy,' is her sand dancing. This is not novel as regards Western Australia, the inhabit ants of which have been sand dancing all their lives long — all their lives long. A burglary was committed at a Syd ney printing works recently. As scarcely anything was taken, it is pre sumed that the desperadoes read some of the poems of the N.S.W. bards, and then fled horror-stricken. At the Druids' Gala, Melbourne, brass bands from four of the colonies competed. As per usual, little money but plenty of brass in Melbourne. The colonies' brass bands competing! Jeeupiter, what a blow out ! ? ? Steps are being taken in Melbourne to place a fit memorial over the grave Of the late Eev. S. L. Chase. The Eev. ?Dr. Torrence, who succeeds him at St. John s, has taken the matter in hand, and the subscriptions comein freely. Mr. Chase traced back to the days of (jiarry owen, A ' Parliament of Plain Men ' aptly fits the Convention delegates. ' Toby ' Barton and Dr. Cockburn are regarded as the mO3t striking pair. Judging by the men Australia has sent to Adelaide, the people do. not take any stock in the phrase that beauty and ability go to gether. Cardinal Moran i3 getting more up to-date. Some years ago he was strongly against dancing, and the other evening he so far went back on his principles as to assist at the opening of a ball. Of course, it was for charity. Eyrie Bellew, amongst many other experiences in his ' young days, was mining at Solferno, N.S.W. Since his return to Australia he has been brush ing x\p his acquaintance with the golden regions; and has seen most of the big mines of the Continent. The athlete had the stage covered with his heavy weights one day, and it was amusing to observe with what ease the stage hand shifted the balloon-like hundred pounder3. Talking of balloons, Great Ctesar's Ghost, is it possible that the weights are ? but no matter. ' A gentleman representing an English newspaper,1' turned up at the Theatre Eoyal for the opening night, but failed to .be dead-headed. The beauty of it is that this gentleman now — Haw! doncberno — regards him self as quite an authority on vrhat the — haw ! opening night waa like Chappie, doncherno. A Martyr to Matrimony.— A muchly married man got . up steam at Walter James's meeting last night. On the candidate, in Teply to a question, stating that he was in favor of 'One woman one vote,' the muchly-married man, with a sad and sorrowful far- away look in his eyes, wailed. plaintively, 'No, one woman one sit down,' and there in the bright night, 'mid the flood of glorious moonlight, my heart went out to that man. Truly a fellow feel ing, &c.; To the Daily News with a poem intent, , And up the sanctum staira he went; Hope and a. smile on his .face were blsnded, ascended. 2 ,, ?which. . ? ' ? ?? . .manner 2 this is ?* f l '? ? ? He bearded the editor in his lair, And began a-readirig his poem fair ? ' But the editor stopped, him 'before he had ended, ? * ? X, ? ?. ?- ?\ ????? ? ? ? X - ? 