THE FLOODS IN GIPPSLAND. ? ROADS IMPASSABLE. BRIDGES WASHED A WAV. LOSS OF A BULLOCK TEAM. """ OMEO, Monday. The floods have done her war damage in all parts of the shire, especially along the Tambo Valley road Telegraphic communication has been cut off in all directions, and even now is only temporarily restored Mite mail traffic is much interfered with, and the mad due on S ihn day evening did not arrive until Sunday afternoon, nearly 24 hours late At Fraser's Crossing, on the Mumbo Valley-road the mel has encroached on the tons, and MU kept the air lift of it, making it impossible for traffic to pass that way When the road bloke on Finlay night a bullock waggon loaded with 110 bags of concentrates was washed away, and no time of cattle waggons of loading has since been seen in many other places the road has suffered damage On the Cassilis load the bridge at Horse Time has gone, and the Upper Lu Kingston Crossing is now unfordable On the Ibigbt loud the Mountain Creek bridge has given way, and the coach will not be able to now. M'he flood is the worst knoll a time that at the end of December, lbOl The rain fell in torrents, and in parts as much as 10in. fell in Un ce days The shire council meet to morrow-, to receive a report from the engineer as to the damage done From the vague pin high is so far to hand it will amount to hundreds of pounds Private property here has not suffered to any appreciable extent, but lower down the iv or is it must be considerable M he 'lambs was like a rough sea rather than a niel in flood, and was running at an enormous velocity, with sales Jet. and 11 high. _ H!\\!RXSl5ALI.rJloiHlâî^-^i"rh7ilfprst 1 on -saturday afternoon the Mitchell line had limit of 7ft, and no further danger is apprehended, as the weather is fine and appears to be more settled there for some time past MMie steamer Maitland, which left Melbourne last W refusals to Ra has- dale, is outside' the Lakes Hut This, hut is I'XiuttLtl to nine shillings (this afternoon Melcginphie (ommimuatiim with Ghost is an island damage there In Hoods is to serious ' BUIAHOIiO.VG'rMoiidaC Nine inches Twelve points of rain has fallen since Wednesday ('individualise damage has been done by the courts to the hop gardens and orchards. UKI M HEN, Hominy M'he nun hits stopped, and the men is going tion of last A waggon, in next lit a farmer named James Foster, loaded with sand, from a mine at (Glen Wills, was camped near the river, at Ensay, when the sitting nil lent himself a yy ashore on. the waggon fell into the river and disappeared M he mails is our Hut han, due on Ki d ty last, are not yet to hand. 'SALE, Monday. MMie flood waters rose high last night, but began to full before the morning They have been falling suite, and it is not now auliuptifod that there will be any Hung like a dish used oils Hood. 