OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. Friday. When it was perceived that the Premier was not in his place at the meeting of the" Assembly on Tuesday everyone antici-, pated a dramatic entry. But just as the order of the day was called on he glided in, ana supped into ins seat at- the table almost as unnoticed as the ghost of Banquo did at Macbeth's dinner party. There was a chorus of " Hear, hears," the Par liamentary equivalent for enthusiastic cheering, and then, after Mr. Carter had doiie his duty by unfolding a purse full of compliments, business commenced. I'he Budget deliverance was in every respect admirable, both as to manner and matter. Our present Treasurer is the best Budget deliverer we IiJlve ever had in Parliament. He neither troubles him self about preparing an exordium or a peroration. lie has all his figures at hand, his .siateuiunts printed in exact order, and there is not tho least difficulty in followiug him from start to finish. There is no turning over of pages or wobbling confusion of figures as with ''r. Gillies. Everything is clear, lucid, straight forward ; you can report him in longhand, and when he has finished you will have in your mind a perfect completed picture of the financial condition of the country. The faculty of dealinir with lame ina.s«e<: of figures and understanding them is one that few lawyers possess. Sir George has it in perfection, and more, lie can make other people understand as clearly as himself. Tlie Convention is likely to suffer from being a bit hurried. The Victorian re presentatives will necessarily he somewhat Ian us- fiiced, with oue head turned to Federation and the other to I bo electorates they have left behind, which envious rivals are engaged in wooing. It is feared that the haste thus caused may prejudice the accomplishment of the work ; for the financial question is still like the riddle of the Sphinx, unsolved and dangerous to trifle with. There are several nice, easy, eligible seats to be had for the asking. 1 know at least four where the sitting representa tive could be displaced by any decent opponent. If only the fees to he earned wore large enough, quite a nice little dates to seats and seats to candidates. Sir Graham Berry in proposing the toast of the Premier at the reception banquet on Tuesday night, very aptly referred to that function as marking an epoch in the history of the colony and in tho fiscal unity of the British Empire, 'i'he broad political aspect of the gathering, however, scarcely comes within iho scope of this letter, the paison d'etre of which is more domestic than political. Looking round that brilliantly lighted, gaily yet artistic ally decorated ball the eye met many note worthy features. Mr. Frank Conway Mason, for instance, sat directly under that noble statue of the Queen, and when the- waggish member suggested that as an interlude to all the pathetic speeches the band be asked to play " The wearing of the green." the Chairman of Committees cast his glance backward and upward as though to crave forgiveness for Hie rebellious suggestion. At one table Mr. Maloney aud Mr. Sangster, i.a ordi- xxittj, <119UU, I-ILBII 1»11. I lllllip Uussoll, Mr. Rawson and Mr. Harper in all the orthodox strictness of full evening dress. Indeed, of tho labor and social party Mr. Trenivith was tlie only member I observed in anything like warpaint, and of this 1 am not sure that a rich-looking camellia was not the more strongly in evidence. Mr. Trenwith and Mr. Han cock were in juxtaposition to Mr. Chirnside and .Sir llupert Clarke, and the badinage and chaff passed between them was as continuous as good humored. Looking from the gallery and noting how tlie members were split up into little groups, and how each group was com pounded almost equally of Liberals and Conservatives of Legislative Council aud Legislative Representatives, it would have been found difficult to believe there was not careful diplomatic design in the arrangement. But it was not so. The usual plan of placing the name of each banqueter on his plate had been aban doned. All we learned from Mr. Upward was, "You can sit where you like at any ol the long tables." The cross table was, of course, reserved for the Speaker, the President of tlie Council, the guest, the leader of the Opposition, members of the Ministry and other Legislative nota bilities. Undoubtedly the keynote of the function was unity of nationality. Each speaker struck this boldly and clearly, and each and every allusion to this sentiment was received with loud cheering, The hall rang again when one speaker wound up his peroration with the statement that " The finest and best Jubilee gift to the empire would be united and federated Australia." There was a broad, widening out sugges tion in this idea that appealed to the best feelings of even those members whose recent federation speeches would lead one to believe that self interest was more to tliem than the welfare of the great south ern land of their adoption. This applau sive enthusiasm was revived when Mr. Richards, the member for Finsbury, in the House of Commons, told tlie company that when he addressed his constituents on the 2nd of November he should tell thern that the richness of the resources of the colonies surpassed anything he had hitherto dreamed of, and that in every way must be strengthened tlie ties between tlie mother country and those colonies. Men of all shades and politics, members of all parties in both Houses, stood up and cheered enthusiastically and excitedly waved their serviettes. Of Mr. Richards himself it has to be said that his speech was a revelation in the matter of oratory. Starting with the stereotyped " I can truthfM'y f v that this is the proudest moineui of i;ij life," we began to stare at one another. But it soon became evident that this was merely a waggish way of opening his speech. A slight lisp, too, somewhat detracts from the force of the lion, mem ber's opening remarks. But as in the case of tlie late Professor Pearson, all manner ism is speedily lost sight of, as the speaker proceeds. The first palpable hit was that in which Mr. Richards expressed the jocose opinion that it was not altogether unprofitable to belong to the Melbourne unemployed. Another, his answer to the query, "Are you in favor of eight hours work?" "No, I'm in favor of four houis." It began to dawn on the labor members that they were being chaffed at on their pet subject. But before they had time to grow angry, Mr. Richards had passed on to give the Premier a dig, anent whom he quoted a passage from one of St. Paul's epistles to the effect that Sir George was equal to accomplishing all things save lnniself. i he speaker macle his points quickly and cleverly, and con cluded a speech, as I have said, full of wit and humor, and yet in its closing sen tences, containing a most powerful and impressive appeal to each and everyone present to work for the welding of a great British Empire, one and indivisible. That surely is the perfection of after dinner oratory that can arouse its hearers to such enthusiasm as was shown on Tuesday night. And. by men, too, thegreater part of whose lives may be said to have been "steeped iu talking." By the bye, it would be as well in future in connection with such functions if the committee of mauageineut decided that evening dress should be the rule. Owing toa paragraph stating that members could please themselves, several who would otherwise have donned the ortho dox "magpie" attire appeared in "mufti." . But on finding themselves so much iu the minority tliey were naturally annoyed. It is never a wise plan to permit people to " please themselves " in these matters. It is always safer to lay down a set course of action. There is nothing more annoying than to attend even a social function and to unexpectedly find oneself the only ' i morning-attired " in dividual present. A shop window in Collins-street con tains some capitally executed large photo graphs of the Jubilee procession as it passed through the streets of Loudon. the artist, too, has chosen in the main those points at which the colonial repre sentatives appeared to most advantage As a consequence the pavement in front of the window has been thronged with sight-seers. Still another set of pictures presents views o. some of the most striking pieces or scenery in Vancouver, on the route to the newly opened Klondyke gold-fields. Looking at these one em well realise the geographical difficulties to be surmounted before that Pactolus-like stream is reached. The mountains are high and cloud capped, the streams that run at their feet are wild and turbulent, while the passes shown in the pictures seem difficult of access and darkand forbidding in their interiors. Still, neither Vancouver's icy mountains nor West Australia's burning sands have proved sufficient to deter the Anglo-Saxon race from penetrating into rich gold-bear ing regions. .Mankind is as credulous and eager in this respect as it ever was from the days of King Solomon dowu through the period of the wild search in the heart of South America for the fabled El Dor ado with its mythical temples of solid gold, down to the present time, and our own colony, from which I hear a party of six young fellows is shortly to start for the new Tom Tiddler's ground. > 