?PLACE AUX DAMES. (By ' Boondi.') Canon Wilbeeforce once smartly said the four great powers of this world are the cartridge-box, the ballot-box, the jury-box, and the band-box. I think the Canon should have put in a go-?d word for the sandwich-box, coupled with the brandy flask also, and then he would have men tioned all the great Archimedean levers that boom the world to-day. « s « Of all the boxes enumerated above, the one which has undoubtedly caused the most trouble in this world is the band-box ; not the band-box which holds the harmless ' belltopper,' but thafc which contains the bewitching bonnet, the dainty toque, or the terrible theatre hat. O e o To-day we are once again thrust face to face with the fearful fact that, like Banquo's ghost, the great question of Woman's Rights 'will not down.' The sabjecfc of allowing women fco sit in church councils is to be debated at the next Pres byterian Conference, and it is significant of much to find from American papers that; a debate which took place afc fche Methodist Convention in New York resulted in making women eligible as church delegates by the sweeping majority of 425 votes to 98. o o o St. Paul's dictum about the necessity for women keeping their mouths closed in church was severely quoted by some of the defeated 98, but; in this instance the lady candidates wero some of them wealthy and witty and wise, and their supporters, in cluding John P. Robinson, he, said ' They didn't know everything down in Judee.' The debate lasted three days, and one of the'most sensible speeches made was that of a little man who owned a. large wife, and who straddled a rail and said : 'I stand here in favor of the admis sion of women to the General Con ference when woman wants it. Not when some women want ifc, bub when woman, as a woman, wants it. And the man who does not favor ifc when woman, as a woman, wants it, will find himself in just; about fche same undesirable position as the Red Indian who lassooed the first (and the last) locomotive he ever saw, aud of whom the engineer remarked thafc he ' admired his pluck, but he had no respect for his prudence.' That was sensibly pufc, and ifc might be aptly applied to the Woman Franchise movement over here. w o o Personally, I am of opinion that; woman, ' as a woman,' should have a vote. Not fche nasfcy, beer-stained, tobacco-tainted vote of a man ; but a nice new sort of a vote, specially designed by a committee of loading milliners — something with a blouse back, cut decolleti on the bias with a box pieatea. gussett run up the pooions. ohe must also have a proper voting costume, and for attending electioneering meetings I would strongly advise that fche dress material should be composed of galvanised iron or block tin, with no ornaments what ever, because during fcho wet weather the flour with which the New Woman would be liberally pelted might turn to dough on her, and the ancient eggs also donated would form a revolting sort of omelette, unless they were speedily scraped off — and you can't scrape brocaded bombazine or nun's veiling as easily as you can scrape zinc or tin. (I am afraid my clever coad jutrix, ' Vivienne,' and her charming cor respondents may not thoroughly under stand all my millinery terms — between ourselves, I don't understand any of them myself, but I mean well, and if I don't know a toque from a toad, that must, be set down to my defective education, and ' want of ignorance.') ? » t The chief crux concerning the Woman's Franchise question is this: ' Does woman, as a woman, want ifc? And if she does, is the other woman quite willing to let her have it? Atone of the Woman's League meetings Lady Windeyer said: 'I claim that every woman who can make and maintain a home should have a voice in the affairs of the State.' Does that imply that none but mistresses of households should enjoy the franchise ? It sounds like it, and certainly it will be very awkward if mis tresses and maids wished to attend mass meetings and whoop for different candi dates on the same night. Such a dilemma would unduly stir up two of the most per plexing troubles that ever agitated the social world, namely, ' Who's going to wash np ?' and ' Who's to mind the baby ?' * * * When Dr. Maloney introduced his Woman's Franchise Bill in the Victorian Assembly there was not a single, or even a married, woman present; in the House. Where were the women of Victoria then ? They all couldn't havw been ' washing up,' and certainly they all didn't have babies to attend to — although, of course, that may have been their misfortune, not their fault. Tho women of Sydney — those, at least, who enjoy leisure, treasure and pleasure — rolled up in fair form when our Senate wrestled with the question; but I fear that 90 per cent, of Australia's women take no more real interest in politics than a man does in the announcement; of a draper's ' bargain sale.' A practical sort of aunt (unmarried, of course), once asked her handsome, happy-go-lucky niece if she considered herself duly qualified to be the wife of a poor man. ' Oh, yes,' was the pretty one's prompt; reply ; ' it's all arranged. We are to live in a cottage, and I know how to make a ? cottage pndding ' nice enough to make even a dead man Bit up and ask for more.' Most women are about as well qualified to deal with great political questions ,as that girl was to become a poor man's wife. Still, it must be admitted that many men who now enjoy the franchise are quite as bad, or even worse. 'What did that speaker say that you cry him down so loudly ?' asked a deaf man at a big political meeting. And the 'free and independent! elector ' addressed, honestly replied : ' Oh, I'm 'anged if I know. I 'owls when I 'ears tbe other fellers 'owl ; but the 'ole thing seems a bloomin' lot o' rot to me !' And yet that idiot could vote and help to mould the destiny of the country, while the most brilliant women in tbe land would be forced to stand outside and look on. This may be political wisdom, but it seems to me to be diabolically opposed to common sense. » ? » ' No man except a contemptible egotist or a born ass would ever dream of preventing, on account of her sex, a wise woman from expressing her opinion on State affairs. As a matter of fact, a woman's sex — by which I mean her position as a propagator of the human race — is about the most; sacred thing on God's earth to-day, and the nation thafc fails to revere its women courts its own destruction. 9 O « In a recent; letter to the D.T. Miss Rose nmnfa TvifVi frv flin fact that the second reading of a Bill extending the franchise to women has just been carried in the House or Commons, and while recounting the history of the great struggle for woman's franchise, Miss Scofct says; 'The first man who spoke in the House of Commons advocating woman suffrage was Mr. Disraeli, and that was as far back as April 1866.' ' 9 9 9 With due respect I submit; that Miss Scott is wrong. One of the earliest advo cates of Woman's Rights in England was a Mr. Hunt, who, on August 11, 1832, presented to the House of Commons a petition from a wealthy spinster, bearing the most extraordinary name of Mary Smith, to the effect that ' as females wero kept; in thraldom .among barbarian and heathen nations only, no restriction should be put upon them in a country where t civilisation had risen to -bo high a pitch as it bBditisagiiiaa.' Rising to the importance of her subject Miss Smith pitched her pitch still higherc and complained, with some show of justics^ that as women were amenable to the lawOj and liable to be punished for their crimes after being tried' by judges and juries o2 the opposite sex, ifc was time a reform waO made, so that women would be allowed to sit upon juries. In her opinion fche soffce? sex had been sat on quite long enough, anoi it was high time that they were allowed to have a turn at the sitting game themselves 5 therefore, she prayed, through her friend (and, I presume, admirer, Hunt — if he wad a true Hunt) thafc ' all unmarried females of mature age should be placed on a footing of equality with the male sex.' o o o Thafc was wofully badly worded, of course for ' unmarried females ' never arrive afe ' mature age,' but remain about; 23 years or so till the day of their death — op marriage — and, consequently, the last clause in Miss Mary's petition rendered all the others useless. I am afraid thafc this particular Hunt was a bit of a frozen fraud9 however, for we are told that he ' read fche petition amidst shouts of laughter, and then resumed his' seat.' A true Hunt would have sacrificed the whole of hio able-bodied relations and ' made Romo howl' in defence of such a glorious cause especially if Miss Mary was very wealthy, very old. and susceptible . to the power of ' blarney.' o o o Sixty-five years ago tho House of Com-; mons shrieked in derision when the petition to extend the franchise to women was read»! To-day ifc passes a similar Bill by ? & majority of 71 votes. The world doss move after all. o o o Such a social revolution as the one notTj referred to would be terrible, but ifc isj claimed that it would enable many men t®1 redress quite a number of long-felt wrongs. For example, men could then wear their; biggest ' belltoppers ' and broadest- i brimmed felt hats in the theatre orchestra' stalls, while the women behind with their i tiny two hairpins and a canary's tailv bonnets wouldn't be able to see any more of \ the stage than if they were looking through-1,, a tin can seven streets away. Afc ' socials the ladies would have to hustle round in;! search of sandwiches and ' swanfcey,' and other light refreshments; for their tired . partners; in crowded trains and trams,' women would have to stand, and on wefc' days our considerate 'bns- drivers would, shout, ' Will any lady get out fco oblige a gentleman ?' Lady editors would vie with each other for the possession of the best looking young gentlemen type writers ; Romeo, having enjoyed tho daintiest cafe refreshments, would sifc puffing his shilling cigar, and toying with his gloves while Juliet chased her purse into a corner at the back of her skirt, and Marguerite would have to pack the hamper and pay all expenses when she took -her Faust to a down-the-harbor picnic. Thi3 might be man's millennium, but ifc would be a poor one after all, for the greatest pleasure is experienced only whecn ifc is shared by the sexes in an equal measure. 