THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our reprosenativo m\d» his way to tho humble home of Mr, Thos. Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was dU covereil nurainit a two year-old baby, ar.d his fucn docUrcd him to be oue of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and nbout and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and baring still the marks of a critical illness, and i\ ptriod of pain, it wiw very dear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convales In reply to the preliminary question*, he said : ' You want to know nil about my case 7 Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may he of value to those who are stricken ' How lung were you Buffering V ' Well, twelve moutha ago I got so bad that I had to and I h.ive donu nothing siuce then. About five years at(o, next Christinas, I met with au acci dent ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I hate been in failing health, and after four yean of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give uu my billet at thu Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptotm.' ' Simply indescribable. Tho painn were something terrible. They were just about as much as 1 could bear. They were fur all the world like like as if a in two in every 'part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance I to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eab nor Bluup. On thu 23nl March but I mv & vieVl- ' known doctor, and he told mo tliat my cuo was utterly hopeless. However ho g*v» me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order 1' ' No ; I camo home and went to bed, and hnvo been pretty wall in bed over uinco. Fivo wculuago I could not walk across tho floor * in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was and only a question of diys whan I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending mo, and did all he could, by oiiium and uinrtmta uills to ' ease the agony I was in. I was under him for I five or six weeks. He came to th» conclusion Progressive locoiuotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar distur bances uf gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. Hs told me that I might last for ten years, And that I might never get the use of my le^s. (Just then tho patient kicked ' his lcg-i about with enorgy to show that medical , opinion U not infallible.) Well, just aa a' drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at : an idea conveyed by the advertisement deacrib- 1 ing the cure o flee tod in the case of another boil- : er-maker in England, which I read in the Am trxlim Worhmtn, by Dr. WUliams* Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement, a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and . The effect was marvellous as it was magical. I was able to cat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with mo. It was tha first appetite and rest I bad had l.c many a day. It was in credible. I immediately luft the bad and was able to move About. I have taken four bozis of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking tho fifth box. with tho aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely recovering myformer vigor and vitality. You see thaso crutches there T They aro per feotly new, and I have never used them. They were made for mo before I got the Pink Pills, hut I wns too weak to use thom and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope tirmn t-- do without it. You see 1 am rapidly re g-uniiiR my strength. ' \- \U i- 100 |icr cent, better,' said Mm. Jarvw whohadc-mie tn and taken the baby on her kneus. 'The Pink Pills havo A friend wh-- called in at tin'* point, naid that Jams looked tan years younger that day than ho did * fortnight previously. ?* I can now,' continued JarvU, ' have a cold bath, and all tho feeling has corao back in my legs. If I keep on going tho way I am, I hope to bo ablo to work in two months' time. I feel that I sliall then bo well enough to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to bo in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am than I havo been any time during the past five years. I aocribo all the change and benefit to theso Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I urn in no pain now, whatever, and feel like anew man. On the mantelpiece thero is &\- box of pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex crucifitint; pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me They can hardly believe their eyes. M-* being nbout again haa caused quite a sensation out Having wished Mr. Jarvia continued speed to wards recovery our representative withdrew. 