Mcl?. W19.l.ltTI% PINIK HAVE CURED MR. THOMAS OF LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA iFTER DOCTORS AND HOS PITALS HAVE UTTERLY FAILED. LOCO.MOTOR ATAXIA, LONG BEEN CON SIDERED INCURABLE BY THE MIEDICAL PROFESSION, HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. HAS A MIRACLE BEEN PER FORMED ? From the " Australian Workman." In reply to the preliminary questions, said - "" You want to know all about my case ? Well, I anm glad of an opportunity to tell you. Tne facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street. Sydney. Since the accident I have been mn failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms?' ' Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They werejust about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everybody else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. t n the -23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order ?' ' No : I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk acruss ire floor; in tact, I could not I get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only aquestion of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffer ing from locomotor ataxy, or pro gressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difti culty in co- ordinating volun:ary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might ifever get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallable.) Well, just as a drown ing man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise iment descorbing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the 'Aus !tralian Workman,' by Dr. William's Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which I seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was 'able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imnuediately left the bed, and was able to move about. I had taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick. and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality You see those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I waht is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regain ing my strength.' " He is too per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made anotherinan of him " A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looke'd ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now,' continued Jarvis,r "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler- maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. - I am a better to-day than I have been at any time during.the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is -a box of opium and morphia pills, which the doctor gave me to deaden the e.x cruciating-pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need I them. Everybody who knows me hlas been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out. here." astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headaches, etc. These Pills are a tonic, not a pur gative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally or the Dr. Williams Medicine Company, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for as 9d, or half-dozen for I,is 9d. 