SWERHf13EE ITEMS. We regret to hear that young M'Nulty has been given up by the medical at tendants at the hospital, and news of his demisa may bhe received at any moment. Last Thursday week the Lord Bishop of Melbourne paid his annual visit to Werri bee for the purpose of adminstering con frmation at St. Thomas' church. The church, which had been tastefully deco. rated for the occasion, was filled by a arge congregation who joined most leartily in the service. At the commence ment, the hymn "Come, Holy Ghost," was sung kneeling, after which the Bishop explained clearly the purpose of confirmat lion, or the laying-on of hands, as it was called in the New Testament, which was that those who came in a right mind night be strengthened by the indwelling Spirit of God. After the candidates had received the laying-on of hands kneeling, all stood, and the hymn, " Thine for ever" vas sung with great earnestness by all. The Bishop then gave his second address, n which he urged all to continue stead ast, and to make use of the various means of grace, especially prayer, and the Holy Sacrament. Finally he concluded by appealing to parents and elders to guide the younger ones in the right way, and to assist them by their example and prayers. The congregation then joined in singing he hymn " O Jesus, I have promised to serve Thee to the end;" after which the Bishop bestowed God's blessing from the teps of the sanctuary. The Bishop ex pressed himself much pleased at the hearti ness of the service, and the reverent be haviour of the Sunday school children who vere also present. A serious accident occurred on Wednes norning at Brown Bros. farm, Duncan's oad, to an enginedriver named Julius Hank, who, was employed driving -the engine at Kelly & Gates chaffeutter. It seems that the unfortunate fellow, while adjusting a fan on the smoke stack, got his jacket caught in the machinery, and was dashed violently round ant round until the engine was stopped. OM being extricated (which was only done by cutting his clothes off) he was found to be seri ously injured. A messenger was at once sent for Dr. Giles, who, on examining him, found a severe lacerated wound in his head, by which three or four inches of lhe scalp was laid bare; also that several ibs were broken, and other injuries in licted to his legs, arms, and feet. After being attended to lie was taken to the Melbourne Hospital by Mr. Kelly, his employer, in the 1.31 train. At latest reports the unfortunate engine iriver, Julius Haak, who sustained such serious injuries, is in a most critibal con dition, and little hopes are entertained of his recovery. At the Court of Petty Sessions, before \essrs. Cherry and Rogers, J's.P., an ffiliation case was heard in which the hildren of old residents were concerned. AE the parentage was not denied, it seems a pity that the case was ever brought into Court. An order was made for 5/ per week, and 5/ costs. The defendant to ind a security of £-20, which was at once orthcoming. Years ago Werribee was the happy possessor of a trucking yard and race, for he purpose of sending away sheep, calves, or pigs. The lapse of a few years have made a great difference in the local rail vay station, and it can scarcely be recog nised as the old ramshackle place of say even years ago. With the improvements or the convenience of the farmer, the necessities of the stock breeder were swept away, for four years ago the old trucking ace disappeared, and was never replaced, much to the chagrin of those who have o send pigs, calves, &e.;, to the markets. There is plenty of land available at the ailway station, and the cost of erecting he yards and race would not be a serious one, whilst the convenience to the public would be great. As matters now stand calves and pigs are being sent in large numbers daily into the town markets by road, in consequence of the negligence of the railway authorities to provide proper means of loading live stock at such an im portant station as Werribee. Our Catholic friends appear greatly pleased with the valuable present made to them by Mr. G. T. Chirnside, a few weeks ago, as, at the chapel a few Sundays ago the Rev. Father Byrne made the matter the subject of his remarks. The rev. Father said that the Catholics of this part of the district should be especially thankful to the Chirnside family for the many gifts that they had received from their hands, the latest instance of their generosity being the presentation of a handsome and costly chalice, which he has specially bought in England for the Werribee church. The :halice, he thought was a most appropriate ;ift, and will be a lasting testimony of his generosity to the Catholic church, and its adherents in this district. In the name of he church and congregation he thanked Ir. G. T. Chirnside most heartily for his valuable gift. The farmers are again to the fore with their annual picnic, as a meeting is called by advertisement for Monday evening, at the room of the Farmers' Association, in he new Shire Hall. The business of the evening will no doubt be to choose the day and place of holding the picnic, and as there is sure to be a large attendance of armers present, no doubt the matter will be thoroughly threshed out. The children attending the State school are loud in their complaints of the quality of the water in the tanks that they have o drink. As so many of the diseases of children can be traced to the use of impure vater, would it not be as well to have the anks cleaned before we have a rainfall, so that there will be a plentiful supply of pnre water when the school re-assembles after the holidays ? No doubt the cause of the water not being of the best could be traced to the nmnber of pigeons that ran be often seen resting on the roof of the school; Dr. Giles visited the school the ither day and inspected tle water supply, but we have not heard his opinion on it. With the largo number of children attend ng the school the Department should have pressure brought upon them so that a filter should be supplied, to enable thlie scholars o have pure water to drink. The matter s a serious one, and should be fought out o the bitter end. As showing the speediness with which skilful treatment and carefil nursing effects a cure, we may mention that young Jack Collins, who, four weeks ago, was taken to .he Melbourne hospital with a broken leg, is now walking about Worribee on his crutches. At the fortnightly meeting of the Coco roc Debating Society Mr. Voice read a )aper on " Creatures of Circumstances," cvhich wont to show he ihad a thorough ;rasp of his subject. The essay en leavoured to prove that man's environ nont was the principal factor in develop ng his character. The rest of the eveu ng was spent in harmony. The Society goes into recess until the 19Oth of January, w-hen the subject for debate will be "co operation v. private enterprise." We have received the results of the exercise competition (Mrs. G. T. Chirn side's prizes) in the Werribee and Cocoroe State schools. The task of judging was a nost ditficult one, the work being so ex. eollently done. In thie Werribee school the first prize was awarded to Miss Mary Wall, for the senior classes, and to Miss Louis Beamish for the junior classes. In lhe Cocoroe State school Miss Maud Hill .yon tihe senior, and Frank Lester the unior prizes. The returns from the other schools have not yet come to hand. " . : • . , Another hot day has passed over .us i" . How trying itanust'.have been to those : who were busily toiling in the harvest. field, trying to secure the golden sheaves into substantial stacks!l The change in the evening, too, was somewhat trying; for the clouds of dust which the wind raised were blinding, and the appearance of the sky, with the setting sun like a ball of fire booming through the dust clouds, was almost awesome, and looked as if some great conflagration were raing somewhere in the west. This has been a season of sudden wind storms, springing up after a day of intense heat; accelerated by those hot winds that sweep across from the interior of the continent. The ravages of the last storm were happily not very great in this district; but there are still abundant evidences of the strength of the wind currents that then swept across these plains in the bent and twisted telegraph poles to be seen all along the railway line. The beach, too, between Little River and Point Cook, is strewn with straw and hay. It is to be hoped that all our farmers may get their crops safely stacked and thatched without any further damage being done by sudden wind storms. 