Bolter's Bedfellow. ' A GHOST STORY. ?.Well, after three or four seances Bolter used to be very nervous and un willing to sleep alone, so I once went with' him to his one-roomed hut. We turned into the same bed; I was. awakened later later by' a noise and movement in'' the'-: room. 'Found the dooi'opeh ; the full moon streaming in, mamng light like day, and the place full of great big black 'dogs— well, any how, there were four ' or five! They were romping .about, seemingly playing One jumped on the bed, another rubbed his muzzle on mine 1 ('the bed was low, and I slept outside.) Now I never had anything but love for dogs of any kind, ar.d as — Vest pa* ?' — love casts out fear, I simply got up, turned them all out, shut the 'door, and turned in again myself Of course my idea was that they wprc llesh and blood, and I alludi to physical fear. 1 slept, but was anew awakened by a ghiistly feeling that the blanket w;ip being dragged and creeping off the bed. I pulled it up again, but aneiv began the slow movement of descent-. Rather surprised, I pulled it up niresu ana neia it, ana must haveaozed off, as I suppose. Awoke, to feel it bomg pulled again ; it was slipping, slipping, and then with a sudden, violent jerk it was thrown on the floor. ' II faat dire '.' that during all this I had glanced several times at Bolter, who seemed profoundly asleep. But, now alarmed, I tried to' wake him. In vain, he slept like the dead; his face, always a pasty white, now like marble in the moonlight. After some hesita tion- I put'the blanket back on the bed and held it fast. The pulling at once began and increased in strength, and I, bv this time thoroughly alarmed, put all my strength againsfc it, and hung oh like grim death. To get a better hold I had taken a turn over my head (or, perhaps, simply to hide), when suddenly I felt a pres snrn outside on my body, and a move ment like fingers — they gradually approached my head. -'?''? Mad with fear I chucked off the blanket, grasped a hand, gazed on it for one moment in silent horror, and threw it awiy ! No wonder, it was attached to no arm or body, it was hairy and dark coloured, the fingers wore short, blunt, with long, claw-like nails, and it was minus a thumb ! Too frightened to%get up, I had to stop in bed, and, I suppose, fell to sleep again, after fresh vain attempts to awaken Bolter. Next morning I told him about it. He said several men who had thus passed the night with him had seen this hand. ' But,' added he, 'iL's lucky you didn't have the big black dogs also.' ??.. '.?,'..'; '..?'?' '??'? ' Tableau !'— From ' The 'Book ', of Dreams and Ghosts,' by AhdrevvLangi. 