AN ADVENTURE OF THREE ENGLISEMEN. Two ragged, sna-sorohed white men lay in camp beside a wide river in the heart of the savage wilderness of forest and swamp o.. w hieha surrounds. the lower waters of the mering in the sun glare, until the misty forest closed about it; while upon the further bank a fringe of feathery oil-palms bent down their raw-green fronds towards the muddy water. Prearntly, Jack C:orabon shook himself out of his lair among the whitened grass, and observed gravely, "As the niggers say, this land was made for the block men, and a European has no bueloess in it. Once we clear terxubber off that knoll I'll get out of Africa-it's a ghastly country." The other Englishman, Charlie L2e, who was, if possible, more ragged and dusty than his companion, laughed'silently, and answered, "Always the same impulsivoeness. You needn't abuse the country. There's a hundred pounds' worth of rubber in the two canoes, and a thousand pounds' worth more ready gathered on the knoll. I hope Jim can keep the niggers of$ until we bring up more men and canoes from WareL" Croaston's face grew thoughtful, as he replied, "I didn't like to leave him, but one of us could never have got through alone. He has a dozen good fighting man, too, and they can only get at him on one side. It's sickness I'm afraid of. Strange, isn't it, that wherever rubber thrives white men die." Then there wee silence for a time, and the traders tried to shelter themselves from the burning ann rays beneath the tall gress tussocks, while their nakod,bhclk followers lay basking on the river bank, soaking in the heat like salmeanders. Later, a dark patch appeared in the centre of the stream, standing out clearly against the flashing water as it drifted nearer and nearer, and Croaston raid carelessly, "An alligator, or a rotten cottonwood log; the river's rising at last." Lee shaded his eyes with his hands. He had a way of noticing small things. Then he said, sharply, "No, it's a canoe with a man in it, and he has clothes on, too." Croaston sprang to his feet, and a babel of voices rose from the bank, while the canoe, with what seemed to be a bundle of blue rags lying in the stern, slid down the muddy current, until it was abreast of the camp, and then swung round and round in an oily eddy; and all the time the limp figure lay smtonelsos. STake the canes, and breng abot thing ashore," said Crosston; and a few minutes later the craft and its unconscious freight grounded among the reeds. " Uniform ef French Senegalis, been dead some days; smallpox it Is; stand lear," man shnddered a little, for he had once seen a whole native tribe cleaned out by the pestilence. Then he added slowly, "Munst be one of the French gunboat's men. Flam boyant, wasn't it? She went up the river two months ago." "Hallo, hero's a letter on him,!' and, un folding the mrist paper, the trader puzzled ever the sprawling shaky writing across it. "Any white man secoura me bring, or I die, quickly and alone. Launch 'Temer. atre' aground near pointe des palmiers. A mol-le bon Dien I" read Lee ; then he added, "The rest is illegible; what do you make of it all !" "Very simple," said Croeaton. "Gun boat's launch came to grief, black crew de soerted, and one white officer left, half dead of fever, or small-pox. We must get him Out." "'Yes, I suppose so," answered Lee, "though It means leaving Jim a week longer in the swamps, but we can't let the poor wretch die, worthless palm oil ruffians though we be. The Government men don't monopellse all the virtnes of humanity and ednearion." Crosston grinned. "I was taught a few things myself at Cambridge," he said. " We must do our beat, but confound that French man I" Half an hour later, they drove the canoes up the yellow stream, the white men bend Ing over the paddles among the Kroo boys, In spite of the sweltering bent; while the Senegali messenger slept beneath the palms, with his face turned towards the east, like the faithful Massalman he was. Towards sunset, on the scond evening, they swung the dripping blades very faintly and wearily, and even the indefatigable Kroo boys de clared they could hold out no longer. "Keep it up ! Half en hour mere and an extra piece of cloth all ronnd-If over we get back," said Creeston, and the wern.out negroes groaned as they dipped the paddles, and the white men gazed eagerly over the bows. The ann was sinking fast towards the cotten.woode, the western heavens blazed with orange and saffron, and a lurid crimson light flashed along the oily water until it resembled a river of blood. There was not an air stirring, and heavy wreaths of vapour ascended from the reeking swamps, like the steam of a great cauldron, shrouding the tall stems of the palms which crowned etch 'q p nersn-'oang.L -abaoe tufted. create alne were visible, like iland, In a sea or eapoor. "Dark in hour, frogs bcginning already," said Crosston. "Those are evidently the tall palms. Where can the Ieunch be ? Perhaps the niggers have found her out, and speared the Frenchman. Paddle stronger there, you Kroo boys, or you catch no gin tonight." Presently Lee said, calmly, "There she ios" and pointed to a dark object, looming out Indistinctly through the gathering mist. The Kroo boys raised a yell, the paddles splasho? faster and faster, whir:inog up a cataract of foam, and later the two oanoes shot, grir.ding alongside a big steam launch, lying over, nearly on her beam ends, hard and fast on the edge of a hubbling mud bank. The white men swung themselves on board, as the KIoo boys made fast the canoes; but there was neither sound nor eign of life on the launch's deck-nothin1 but runsty iron, tattered awnings, enn-ble tered paint, and silence, while the dar-ness deepened acrones river and forest. " Hnrry there," said Croaston, "get below, and find a lamp before this place speloils our nerves. The Kroo boys will bolt in a minute for fear it's haunted," and the two men descended the tiny companlon. "'Thr.nk goodnecs here's a Ihngm," said Cmrstonas he entered, and struck a match. A smoky yellow glow tilled the little cabin, falling upon the hoellow face nad wasted form of a European, who lay on a cusnhioned locker, with legions of beetles crawling over him. The tradera started at the sight. Then Crosston, kneeling down, gently raised the sufferer's head, and held a flask to his lips. " ALh," gasped the fever- stricken French. man, "you are kind, grace a -," then his eyelids closed. "Hold up," said the trader, "don't faint I Down with it again,' and the slok man choked for breath as the second dese of eplritwas poured down his throat. Presently he raised himself on one elbow, and with the Englishman's strong arm about his shoulders, stammered, "I am sons Lieuten ant Lescant, and the launch is of gunboat Flamboyant. She sticlk here three weeks, and the Senegali he run away or die-how yeu call iht-smallpox I send the boat down the river for aid, and five men stay. They die too but one, and he go in canoe "-here Lee whistled softly, and Crosston broke in, " Don't sit gaping there- exanse me, Lieu tenant," and he broke in the head of a provision case. "What's this - soup. Make some quickly." he said. "there's a galley beyond the bulkhead. Look around for wine, the Frenchmen always carry that. Hallo, he's going off, hurry with those things," and kneeling down again, he loosed the sick man's tunic and chafed his hands. By the time the steaming soup was brought, the lieutenant came round, and dosing it liberally with generous wine, Croseton fed him with a spoon until he gasped, " Je vous remerole, you are ver' kind. All Englishmen are not-the Conm pany loyale du Niger, they refuse me drugs when Senegal[ all sick." Orosaton sprang to his feet. "May the company be condemned and all its works." ho said. "If they had their way, there'd be no one else in the creeks ;bat Joe Flint doesn't own all the Niger yet, thank good. ness for the Protectorate." Then he abused the Chartered Company, fluently and forcibly for five minutes-and he never repeated an adjective either. "Ah, he Is droll ce monsieur, but I do not understand," said the Frenchman, with the ghost of a smile in his eyes; and Leo answered, "Yes, he's a unique swearer, even for Afrios, and the Company does its boat to crowd usa ot.' Then he added gently, " Soyez tranquil, monsieur, we'll take care of you. Sleep now,"-and laying the feeble form gently down, he bathed the hot forehead with vinegar, and the llonten ant's eyes closed. "Jack," said Lee, "has It ever struck you that virtue Is its own reward 2" "Always dense," said Lee. "Here we have a launch fit to steam ten knots, two machine guns, and coal. What's to pre vent us going right through the creeks now, and bringing out Jim and the rubber, in the face of all the savages on the Niger !" Cronston smote his thigh. "We'll do it," he said. "The river's rising fast, and we can heave her off to maerow, but you'll have to work as you never did in your life," and he added, ehunaklng, "A little rough on the French navy, isnt it?" Then the silence of Africa settled down. The Kroo men were fast asleep in the canoes, Lee lay in deep slumber upon the opposite locker, while Crosston, the Impul sive, in spite of the fatigne he had under. gone, and the labour that lay before him on the morrow, kept watch by the French. men's side, moistening the blackened lips from time to time. Before the sun rose across the palms, a trail of dingy smoke streamed aloft from the lannch's funnel, for every trader on the Niger knows hew to run a launch; and, amid much shouting, ropes were taken out, and made fast to the trees on the opposite bank. The little winch panted and ham. mered under every pound of steam; the Krooboys hauled and yelled; the propeller whirled up the foam; and, at last, with a sucking beneath her keel, the vessel slid out of the mud and was once more afloat. Lee came up from the engine cockpit-a die reputable, ragged object, smeared with raht, coal dust, and grease; bhut there was triumph in his eyes, and he turned towards Cronston, who was breathless with bawling at the Kroo boys, and said " When you've quite used up your pro fanity, perhaps you'll get those ropes aboard, and take charge while I go down and look after the Frenchman. As he did so, his companion took the wheel, and the launch churned her way up a side creek. Three days passed, and then they steamed up a winding river reach, just as the vapours were melting before the rising ann. A ragged shirt, flapping from the bough of a dead cottonwood, caught Crosston's eye, and theugh he was half dead from want of sleep he broke otn into a wild "Herrah." 8hm"r a. ntrer elnO-roote ~.. brrke an atillnese, and wreathes of blue vapour rose above the low-lying mist; and, gazing anxiously ahead, the white men saw canoe after canoe stealing through the thinning vapour. "Get hold of the wheel. I've never used ward, he knelt behind the shield in the bows. As he did son. Lee said, "Tust in time, there's Jim's rifle, thank heaven," and the sharp, ringing crash of a heavy express echoed twice oroes the forest. The trader swung the long, brown barrel on its pivot, then worked the lever with might and main. The bows of the launnh were veiled in smoke, out of which came a snocoession of grinding reports, and a shower of steel.tipped projec ticles hurtled through the cotton woods, and struck up spouts of slime amid theswamps ; while a swarm of canoes shot out from beneath the overhanging bushes, and with the paddles whirling madly flew away up the river. " Don't think I hit anything, but I frigh tened them anyway," said Croseton, as the " chunk chunk " of paddles grew fainter and fainter. "Just as well, for the Protectorate might have made trouble, and I don't knew how to work the cartridge band in case they come back," and with a scream from her whistle the launch went ahead. A few minutes later, her bows touched the bank, and a haggard European walked wearily on board, and after a hand grip all round, said qgietly, "I'm glad you've come. A lot of bushmen have been hanging round for a week, and kept me on watch night and day; I ithonght. they were going to rash me at last; but where did you get the launch 2" Croaston told the story, and the new. comer chuckled as he listened. "You're a wonderful man, Lee," he said. "If they planted you naked in the bhush you'd torn np in three months, clad in purple and geld, and leading an army. It's too goad a joke-three palm oil ruffians annexing a part of the French navy. Give me something to eat, then we'll get the rubber on board, and clear before our friends come back." Jack Croeeton went down to re-assure the Frenchman, but he was raving in malaria delirium, and understood nothing of ail that had haupencd. All that day the white man and Kroo boys worked with desperate energy, in spite of fatigue and burning heat. Calabash after cklabash, and coll after coil, of viscous, green rubber, was stowed away, and at sunset the launch was steaming at half-speed down the winding creek, her deck crowded with blaok hands, while a grizzled Kroo boy held the wheeL Thetheseted er bo ut o the cabin floortees. tteeaol w oan eat, tses P the eick Lieutenant opened his eyes, and sat feebly up, Croecton makiengdesperate efforts to keep awake, fed him with the food already prepared. Lifting a glass of wine to his lips with a trembling hand, he said, feebly, "My friont, I am better now, and the madness is gone, grace a votre boutre; but what is this-this smell d'enfer ?' "Odour of hades," translated Jim, and he nsmiled. for if there is anything more nanuseting than the fetid smell of raw African rlubber it must be very hard to find, and Crosston somewhat sheepishly proceeded to explain onmatters. When he grasped the sltnation, the sick =auna dim eyes sparkled, and he said, "' You are a wonderfnl people. you Anglais-and this man hold the creek alone; but we French fight for la glorie--wlth you It is always the trade. You have been ver' kind to me; the launch it does not matter, but the kindness, yee." " Yes, yea, that's all right ; lie down and sleep. You're coming round in style, and we're off for the coast now," said Cranston. Then he turned to his companions. "The old way of waiting until the niggers bring you bad rubber is played out; the new is to look for it one's self. We'll beat the Accra, product yet. But the first thing we do is to get Major Everard to certify thst the swamp is in Protectorate domains, or the great Company will take it from usne. And now I'm done up. Good.night, all." Very soon the silence of the tropio night was only broken by the throbbing of the engines, and the gargling wash of the pro peller, as the lannch steamed along. Great was the astonishment of the white offioalsl of the Niger Protectorate, when a week later, the launch steamed up the Warri river, and the rubber gatherers moorod her alongside the Consulate. The British Government officer in charge heard the story, and burst into a fit of laughter. "Great io the power of effrontery," he csid, "but I think you'd better not use \- that launch any more. It might make trouble. Yes, those swamps are in the Protectorate, and I can give you papers to work them. It's as well you came to me at once, or the great Sparketone would have wriggled them into the Company's grip somehow." The rubber was landed and shipped to England, where it brought excellent prices, and, with the kindness and courtesy for which all the Niger Coast Protectorate officiale-save one-are famed, the sick Frenchman was received and cared for at the Consulate, where the launch lay until the gunboat "Flamboyant" cams down the Kwarra, and sent a crew from Forcados for her. By the time this happened, the three adventurers were back again in the wild bush with a stronger expedition. Whether the grateful Frenchman told all the story is doubtful, but to their intenes anrprise, when the three came down out of the forest, many months afterwards, they found a parcel and letter waiting them at Warri. The letter contained the thanks of the French Government for their courageous and humane rescue of a navy officer, and the parcel two gold watches with inscriptions upon them. "Well," said Lee, "I never expected this. I wonder what they'd have given us if we'd borrowed the big gunboat too, and filled her fall of palm oil. We'll go and look Lescant up some day at Toulon, for we'll be rich men yet if that swamp holds out a bit." Europeans die off very fast in West Africa, and the entire white population is changed every three or four years, but a good story lives, and there is one that will long be told-and that is how three palm oil ruffians borrowed a vessel of the French navy to bring down their evil- smelling rubber through the Niger creeks. It was told the writer in a British Consulate. 