[?] — ? ♦ ? r ? (By Ernest Favenc.) PAJD a visit, 'the a., other day, to my _oM. ?/ friend Jim, now i* |[~ substantial and iwell |l to do member of so \- ? cdety. _^ 'I've been want ^7 dng to see you for |H 6©ma time,' ie re 7j]s marked. 'I've had. Ulp ' a most curious £&&- *''^v ?. venture.' WhX 'Ghosts again.?1' &||t\ 'Yee, ajnd I've M*^'' learnt a good deal ^J snore of their foaWte and customs, ai tf/ thougih I thought I W knew a lot already.' * 'When you die, -Tim, you won't feel lonely in. the next worid.' «1No, I don't thinik I snail, but I ihave no desire to peg out just now. You see that range up there? Well, there's a ihaiumted hut there that I never heard of until about three months ago.' 'And of course you've spent a night there?' 'Of course I Slave. I made some excuse to the missus and went and camped there, and, as I tell you, hajd quite a new experience. I got there about sundown; and a lonely-looking spot it is— just a slab hut with a zinc root, standing in a thick forest oi peppermint-gum-trees, along side the scuaniniest-aoioking waterhole I ever 6a.w. .'Twas once a boundary rider's hut, at the corner 'o-l a Ibig paddock, and the posts of the fence are still standing, but the wire (has been taken out. Of course, there's a yarn, that the last mam who Hved there out his throat; -but I don't lay any stock on that, and it has nothing to do with my story. I na-fl left my horse at a friend's place about two miles away, for I knew he wouldn't stop in hobbles, so I &ad; nothing to do but open the door and wialk in. Pretty dank and dismal it -was, and I gave a. bit of a shiver and said, half aloud, 'Mighty lonely quarters.' There was a sort of a sigh went round, and I seemed to hear a voice say, 'Ah! you're right' 'Just then there was a rustling in one corner, and blessed if a 'thundering bog Mack snake Ihadn't taken up bis abode in the hut I soon taught him that there was not room tor two, and then I ihad a good look round for some moire of his family, but he seemed to have been an orphan, for I saw no more. A distant relation of his, a centipede about six inches long, was the only other - tenant I 'had to chuck out. By the time I had got a roaring good fire and bodied my quart it was dark, so when I had finished I went outside for a smoke. My! wasn't it quiet and still up in that range ! Not a. sound ol any sort could I hear, not even an owl. The sky looked black up be tween the branches of the trees, and only a few stare were reflected in that dark pool. 'I shivered a bit, and went in to the fire again. 'Now, those frauds who pretend to show spirits say that they don't like a strong light, and don't like to be looked at, and all that nonsense. It's part of their fake. A good honest ghost likes light and company when he can get it I was not a bit surprised, therefore, when, on entering the hut I saiw a man sitting on one ol the sawn logs that served as seats by the fire. 'He was a decent- looking chap, just dressed like any ordinary man in the bush dresses, a main who might have four figur-es in the 'bank or nothing. I eat down opposite to him, and bade him a civil good evening. 'He smiled as thougih pleased, and said, 'That's a relief, anyway.' I looked inquiringly at him. 'Oh!' he said, 'I expected you to bolt out yelling -like all the other fellows have done, and I so longed for a yarn.' ' 'I'm not frightened of ghoste, I answered. 'Fact, I came out here to-night on purpose to look you up.' ' 'That was kind of you, very kind. 'Ksn't many people who are thoughtful about a poor ghost nowadays. We are laughed at, and not be lieved an, and yet when a fellow shows himself, what's the result? Why, the man who doesn't believe in ghoete runs for his bare life.' 'He seemed rather' warm on the subject, so I guessed he'd had some disagreeable experiences in the matter. ' 'I had a great bit of fun once,' he said, regaining his good temper. 'Phis is my resi-. denoe, as a ruJe, but sometimes I take a holiday, and on this occasion I went to Bladderaton-g to look up eome old friends who are buried there. There was a woman who called herself a medium (how we ghosts do laugh at those mediums), and she was to give a eeance that night; so we de termined to go and 6ee_it We went in a body — I «?c-n't mean the body, font we made up a surprise party, and attended tihat seance. ' 'The room was darkened, and the medium had all her preparations ready — imaisks, wigs, lazy torgs, and ail the other accessories — and she started in to materialise the spirit at eome toody she called Jcaas. Well, Jonas was a duminy, of course, and she paraded Mm, and the audience eat in the gloom and -gasped.' Then we took a hand. I appeared first, and th«n the, woman sang out that it was against the rules, and calied out to her husband to put me out. You see. she made sure I was a live man. Her husband came and ordered me off, and went to sput his -hand on miy shoulder, and, of course, he went right through me. ' ' 'By Jove, it's a real one,' he yeMed out, and pan Into the .street ?wfitihout his hat to the nearest puib, and drank four whiskies in succession be fore he recovered himself. I vanished. ' 'Well, the woman was plucked. I believe she thought it was some monkey trick of her hus band's; but at any rate she stuck to her guns, and ex-plained to the audience, who were getting un easy, that I was a bad spirit. ?' 'It was Frank Dodd's turn neact Now, Frank rwas -thrown from his horse, and lay for days dead in the bush before he was found and buried ; so he was a ghost whose appearance was not at all inviting, though he's a good fellow. . WeM, when this sun-dried corpse appeared there was mo mistake but what he was the genuine article. 'The medium screamed like a locomo tive, amd let poor dummy Jonas fail, exposing what !he really was. That was a lucky, thing, for some sensible fellow amongst tile audience (burst out laughing at seeing the co-Hapee of Jonas, and others followed suit and soanebodj turned the gas uip, and stopped a panic. Tihen they all went out, »™- we ghoete were left there with the medium lying on the ground and moan ing, 'I'll never do it again; only forgive me.' . ' 'I believe she recovered her spirits and cheek the next morning, and accused the Mayor and Corporation of having entered into a conspiracy to play a trick on her. But some youngsters had got hold of Jonas, and carried him up and down the street, so that gave the show away altogether.' ' 'You seem to have rather a good time of it ?where you are,' I said. ' ?Only at times,' he replied. 'It's 'beastly dull here as a rule.' ' 'Have you no company?' ' 'Yes, .but I don't want them. One's an old shepherd who wants to teill stupid yarns all night, and the others are two flash fellows from about the ranges somerwihere who teH a fresh lie every night of how they came to grief.' ' *Would you mind telling me your own fate?' I asked. 'The ghost started, got up, and walked u£ and down the hut , ' Tom'd take me for a Iliar at I did,' he eaid at last ' ' 'No, I would not' I said* ' 'WeU, mind, ervery -word ITL1 tell yov is true. Saw long have you been in the district?',. ' 'AJbout three years.' ' 'Ah, then, you know nothing albooit this coun try when it was a cattle-Jim, before It was all selected. I owned it in those days. You ought know ?where file remains of the «ld homestead and the garden and orchard ere?' '. *I know it 'W^eH,' I ans.wered. 'That was any home, and as pretty a one as ever a man brought a bride to. I brought mine there— a young girl whom I had known for years, and iher parents ever since I was a boy. She -was as fresh and pure-docking as an .opening bud at eunrdse, .and— — ' He got up and 'walked about again in evident, agttaftaon— *as Jalse as though 'she -'»ri ibeen bom and educated in Se31. Just a tew months of perfect trust and. happi ness, a fool's paradise, and then an awakening and deaSbr- 4Jhat was any Sot. . ' The ™-i -who betrayed me was, aiaturailiy, any best friend. Oh! since I have been dead, how umoa of thai sort .of thing have I not seen! He came up to stay with vs. He had been sick, and wanted ? .» ichaaige. :--I V was* busyj end they were tortrwai much tiggetaiesr. I Selieve every'soul on the etaiioo knew of Tcny dishonor -excepting: . my self, Jot, ruatoraily, nctae dore-teH she. I aim sure I-would have killed any man -who ventured to hini «. word against her. : ? ' ' , ' ? ' ? : ' -'Nature beteayed.her/ One day, as toy a flash, any -eyes were opened to her oomditkci «s «. coming mother. ..She: itaaspened to . look at one, .and saw; in any eyes the look of staggered inoredorlity, of wonder, of Jhorxor and doubt T3us intrigue -had been going *-n before' our marriage. She read my face, like * : -jjopk^'- and from that instant ano aer flevH of murder -entered Into , her; heart , ' *ffl» Jjeoainw iffiiflly «ngr, aad was 4a the best of spirits. Next day ? I was coming oiit to this hut, where 'a1 boundary rider then Hved, and she proposed that she «o4 Haanmond, my false friend, should accompany me. I had not decided on any thing a/t the time. My 'brain was to a whirl, and . I could not eee ray path' dear before ,me. ' *We came to this hut. The boundary rider iwas absent on his rounds,;, and we unsaddled and prepared a. «»^ My -wife -was still in the high est spirits, and took upon Jierself^ tfce prepara tion of the meal. We had brought qiiarl-pots with us, and -my twife superin-f ended the jiolling of them, and made the tea. Did ever tihree such, peopde sit down to a meal, two of them, 'with' black msurder in their- hearts, . for if my suspicions were correct fiiaimmond, r -swore, would ' never eee another sun rise? But in my wifo'eJieart was murder of the loudest kind. ' 'I was thirsts', and as soon as my tee, was_cool I took a long drink of it In less than five min utes I felt an unoontxoila.We start @o thzwcgix my lian'bs. For the minute I did not kaaocsr ?wihat it ~ meant Then, as another and more violent epasm shook me from bead to {foot, I knew what Ihad happened. ' 'I was poisoned, poisoned with the etryebarine -wiuch iShs boundary rider kept in bis hot for, baits for the native dogs. '-'As I (rolled over In agony I saw that beautiful fiend tmnst out laughing, and Hammond rise with a Twihite, feigirtenied fane. Thonisti rocked (ram head to foot with recurring spasms of the aeotBet agony, I beard all 'tihat passed. Hammond camre over to me. 'Good -3od!' he said, 'w2iat is the meaning ol this?' . ' ' 'He's poisoned!' laughed the womaaa. 'I did it I saw in his eyes that he knew, and. nom he ?will not trouble us any more. It's mo good, Tom, he's got to die, die OCke a dinsoof sHPoOsaDBa tait' ' ' 'You infernal tmioiileress,' said Tft*i»iunnn»1^ rising to his feet 'Ji I can bring yoa to 1pie: gallows on your own canjfession I will.' ' 'Roiltog and fwritiMng to. tite most imraiixle agony as 1 was-Hfoir of aiH fonms of death, polBan ing by strydhnine is the worst and cruelcHt-'g yet remember all that passed. « - 'TnHjj^' gairt 43bb woman, to a changed; 'voics, approacMng ^iim as it to emibmace thtm, 'vbot do you owen?' ' ' 'Mean, you IheOl-cat!' he refarmeoV jukHAuu her roughly aiway, 'I inrrm^* ioelp Osn, ^sdt-C must go,' ' ' 'What, leave me, mow, -wiheQ de tfuttaneMto ours? doeave ane! you, way ftover?' ' '1 hate and loathe yon, lhate you; do snail! iinderstajid ? and will never see yooj, againt' -n«* picked up his Jxradl© and went to wihers ft»«Jf««a were feeding. ' ' 'The woman stood there iwitib. a Bsefc rH despair on her face; stood qb £f Ki- iih*«m sdd tionless ifor ever. Tbien, as tHifi last imortHi agony caught me in its gng- and trwaeted and distorted my features, she toughed load and mirfUessly. ' * 'Ijook how he grins!' she shouted. 'Qrte away, ottd maw. You've ^ot *he best of it, aCbee all.' ' Then, crying, 'Tom! Tom! come badE!' sSa fell to the ground, even as my spirit left W9i ?body, and my ag&ny; ceased for ever. ' 'When 'the (boundary rider returned ha Jaitml iher a gibbering idiot beside any dead body. Hot trouble came on her, but she lived through it, aol is now in an asylum (hopelessly insane.' * 'The ghost got up and walked backwards and forwards a bit, then oommeniced again. ' 'You said we had a good time. Yes, I ana going to have a good time one day, when -he comes back, for he's bound to come, bound to coons, «- they always do. And then, and then.' He stopped abruptly, and said in his [former manner: ' 'You've upset me somewhat I think I shall bid you good night,' and vanished. « 'That was the story he told me, and I jotted it down, so 'that I couild remember enough to tell you. I stayed there *he rest of the night and re ceived a visit froim the old shepherd, and tihe two flash youngsters, who told me that they shot each other dead in a duel; but after wihat I had heard ?these commonplace ghosts ihad no interest ifor me,' Jim stopped and lit ibis pipe. 'Ls that the end?' I asked. 'No; I saw the end. You've (heard of the YouveJ Mountain mystery? That range as called Youvel Mountain sometimes.' 'I think I do remember something about it.' 'I told you I left my ihorse at a fniend'fi. In the morning I went for it. I remained there most of the day, for he wanted me to give him a hand with some work he was doing. Towards evening, when I was preparing to start home, a stranger rode up. He was a well-dressed, hand some man, and had a valise strapped on his saddle. ' 'He said he was on his way to Tantallon Station, and asked if there was not a short cut over the Yowvd Mountain. I told thim there was, hot iie could not reach there before dark. ' 'There's an old hut on the track you can oamp at if you won't stop here to-night, ' eaid ray friend. '1 saw the stranger pale at mention of the hut, but he thanked my friend for his offer, anS snM that he must push on. Then ihe rode away, and I began thinking. 'About the middle O(£ the day my fricncJ ciso over here. He looked upeet, and I aekc-d oiui wihat was the matter. ' 'Jim,' he eaid, 'you remember that fellov.- who caime along last night, going to TantalJoa SiaiionV ''Yes; what about him?' '? 'Why, (hie horse came back tihfc morning.' ' 'Well, why diidn't you run the short cut up to see what had become of the rider?1 ' 'O, I wanted somebody with me, and I thought perhaps you'd come,' said the chuckle-head. 'I was too angry to eay anything, but got a 'horse and rode back with him as hard as I could. We rode straight on to the hut. I felt certain we should find: Kfan there, and we did. 'He was dead, lying there with wide-ctBaiit staring eyes. Eyes! but I cannot tell you what ghastly horror and fright were an those eyes. Even that mule-headed friend of mine saw 'the fear in them, and cried out to me to close them. 'There was not a mark or scratch on him. y The doctors who examined the t-ody could find no' = cause of death. I know as well as if the corpse had spoken out and told me tihat the man was killed by aiwfiufl, paralysing terror, that stopped his theart and terned his blood cold. 'Wihen the police took charge of his things and - examined them, I ?learned, as I expected,) that the dead 'man's name was Hammond.' J ' ? Jto got u©, and went inside, and brought out the whisky. He took a good stiff nip, and then said: 'Do you know, old man, I would go and spend another night at that hut, just to see how those two ghosts get on together, only tar what I saw in those dead eyes. I don't want to -be found like that' ' . . 