CIIAPTIER II. The old-fashioned Rectory garden was unusually brilliant with roses that sunmmer--to make the happiest summer of her life, Marjory declared, half laughingly, halt tenderly. Gregory Hammond went in and out of the Rectory just as he pleased, the acknowledged lover of its fair young mistress. The good old Rector looked on placidly h; e regarded them as Iloy and girl sweethearts, thinking in his simple mind that they would not want to be getting married for years, and that " little Marjory" would not dream of leaving him whilst he lived. He was right to a certain extent, for Marjory herself declared, with a firm little setting of lhcr red lips, that she would never marry whilst her father lived. Her .over laughed each time, and then sighed quickly, but, strange to say, he jever attempted to change her de cision. He spoke little of his home and his people, but what he did say seemod perfectly satisfactory to the Rector, who, with the indolence of old age, did not trouble to i:nquire further. If Marjory sometimes wondered wistfully why her lover did not tell her more about his father and brothers, she did not show it to him, but simply and sweetly placed her life in his hands, giving him all her pure unselfish love. The happiest part of all the long summer days to Marjory was the lazy golden afternoons spent in the woods, or in the old Ieoctory garden. Gregory declared there was nothing like the sweet-scented mellow evenings, when the west was still tinged with the sun set lhues, and the blue stars twinkled shyly in the deep blue sky. But every bit of those golden dlays was fraught with the most delicious happiness to the girl. Often afterwards she would look hack on those days, and always a little verse she had once heard would come into her mind Golden days, where are they . Further up the hill : I can hear them calling Faint y calling still; Faintly calling, faintly dying, In a far-off miaty haze. Where are they, where are they Golden days But there came at last a break in the harmony of their love making. One exquisite afternoon in July Marjory sauntered down into the old garden, Tennyson under her arm, to await the arrival of her lover. They had nothing to do, these young people, but bill and coo the whole of the day from morning until night. It never entered their careless ycung heads that they were wasting a great deal of precious time, that whilst he was lying at his lady love's feet, Gregory might he making his name as an artist. Very sweet and fair looked \Marjory in a pretty pale blue gown, her charnm ing face shaded by a huge sun- hat. "Gregory is late," she murmured presently, impatiently tapping the book with her fingers. It was not often he was behind his time--in fact, this was the first occa sion he had kept her waiting, and a frown very soon began to gather upon Miss Marjory's brow. Just as she was making up her mind to pick up her book and retire to the house in deep disgust the garden gate banged. and the next moment Gregory hounded up the walk. She looked up half-smiling, half pouting, then stared in some astonish ment at the young man's face. It was disturbed, agitated, and distinctly pale. and the smile he forced to his lips as he greeted her was only a ghost of a smile. " Gregozry," she cried, " what on earth is the matter ?" •' Only the end of it all," he answered, bitterly. " I've been living in a fool's paradise, that's all. Come into the woods, darling, and I'll tell you.' Marjory rose, very pale, her heart sinking with a curious sense of coming evil. It was not five minutes' walk to the woods, and in a short time they had reached the spot they loved best, the place where they had first met. She sat down in her customary seat, upon the roots of a huge old oak tree, and he, by sheer force of habit, flung himself at her feet. "Gregory, what is it ?" she asked, and slipped her ar, lovingly about his neck. With a passionate exclamation, he kissed and fondled her little hand, then laid Ins head upon her knee, and groaned. "Marjory, darling, we must say good-bye," he cried, huskily, and then pushed a thin sheet of paper into her hands. The girl looked at it shudderingly, reading through a mist the words that were destined to bring her both joy and sorrow. The telegram ran Come home. We eannot start without you. and are waiting." " What does it mean ?" she cried in bewilderment. " My father and brothers are start ing for a cruise ro-snd Norway, and are waiting for me," he answered. ' 1 knew of this confounded scheme before 1 started for my sketching tour, but have been hoping all al ng that they would get someone to take my place." He took the telgramn from her as lhe spoke and tore in into fragments, throwing tih, piec.s viciously into the air. Marjory looke puzzled and pained. "I-I don't ite understand," she said, slowly. ' 'on speak of your people as if theywere wealthy, and yet you have always led us to believe that you were a poor struggling artist.': The young fellow's face colored hotly, and for a moment he hesitated : then raising himself npou his knees he toolk her hand in hii) and looked steadily into her sweet, troubled face. " Marjory," lie said, " I have de ceived you. Forgiv-- mlle, darling. My father is Sir WVillianFl Ianumond, and I am his second son. I have an allow ance of five hundred a year, which I always manage to get through before it is due, and no doubt when the pater dies I will be confortably off. Mar ,jory--Marjorv ! why do you look like that ? Where are y a going ?" For the girl had risen to her feet, with a look on her white face that frightened him. She made no reply. but steadying herself for one second against the tree, she made a step forward. Gregory sprang to his feet and caught her in his arms. 'Where are you going ?" lie re peated. "Marjory- sweetheart ' don't look at me like that.", " i want to go me to dad," she whispered, with a childish sob. " Let me go, please." But he held her closer to him, and, with sudden passion, kissed her upon the lips again and again. " Let you go 1" he cried. " Never ! Marjory, you are mine, and I'll never give you up-never! I have deceived you, I know I have done wrong ; but I wanted your love for a poor struggling artist, not for a rich man's son. Mar jory, little sweetheart, turn your face to me, and say you love me still, that you forgive me." She rested passively in his arms, but her face looked white and cold in its pain and disappointment. .. You do not love me-you never have," she said, slowly. " If you had, you would have told me everything from the beginning. It is too late now. You say you are going away, and we shall never see each other again." Gregory uttered an exclamation, letting his arms fall from about her. "" You are heartless !" he cried, bit terly. " It is you who have never loved me. Oh, heaven . are all women as cauel and faithless ?" She drew in her breath, with a sharp little sob. "You ought t,, know. No doubt you have had plenty of experience," she said, and laughed hysterically. " You have been playing with me: I can see it now. No doubt you will look back upon it all as a pleasant sun mer month-that, and nothing more." She tried to keep the so?) out of her voice, and. the tears from her ek es, but they both carne, and Gregory heard arnd saw. lie put his arms about her shoulde:s and drew her tenderly to him. "I1 shall look back upon this month, my ownu little love, not merely as a pleasant summer month, but as the hadpiest, sweetest, dearest time in all my life. Marjory - Marjory ! my darling, believe me that I love you with all the strength of my manhood. For Heaven's sake, darling, believe me." He compelled her to meet his pas sionate eyes, and she did so reluctantly, though with a happy throb in her heart. "Look into my eyes," he commanded, " and then say if I am speaking the truth or not.' She gave him one sweet, wistfully pathetic look, then hid her face upon his breast with a burst of happy tears. •' You believe me ?" he whispered, passionately. SYes," she murmured from his waistcoat, where her head wias still hidden. It was not allowed to remain there longer. however, and soon she was re turning his kisses and caresses with all the innocent abandon of a loving woman. Even whilst he was passion ately caressing his pretty sweetheart, Gregory was forming a bold and daring plan, which, in its mighty boldness, made his lips set in the determined, resolute line they were want when his mind was made up upon a weighty matter. Presently he said, gently but gravely- " Now, Marjory, sweetheart, we must talk business. Shall we sit down again, my darling, and will you listen f" Marjory nodded, wondering at the gravity of his face, her own radiant, with happiness. They sat down side by side, and he took her small left hand in his, tenderly stroking the fingers. '" Listen to what I am going to say, and don't jump to conclusions," he said gravely. " It is imperative that I go home this week. I don't want to offend the governor, and I shall do if I am not back by Saturday ; so you see I must go. Befole I go, however, I want to make sure of you-- to know that whilst l am away from you no other man can come along and take you away from me." He paused, and looked down into the sweet face nestling against his arai. She looked at him, wondering, trustful, expectant. " That could never be." she said, laughing softly-" unless they kid- inapep d me : and that sort of thing isn't done nowadays, Gregory "--with a little burst of passion, that lighted up her face, and made it more mature, more womanly. 'I thought my heart was broken just now, when I felt you had deceived me, and were playing with ume, arid now Heaven could not be fairer, happier than this world is to me. Dlrling, if yon must go ?away now, you will come back again as soon as you can tc me, and we shall love each ,ther all the more dearly, perhaps, for the brief separation." He shook his head, and the deter mined line deepened about his mouth. "Heaven knows what may happen before we meet again," he said. " Some thing may come between us and part us. No, no, Marjory, I must feel that you are mine-mine !" " But I am yours. I don't know what you mean," she replied, softly, returning his kisses, and looking at him inquiringly. "Cannot you guess r' he asked gazing at her adoringly ; then, bending even nearer to her, he added-' You must marry me, Marjory, before I go become indeed my own precious little wife, and then I shall know that you -re indeed mine." She shrank from him with a startled cry, her face burning hotly, then be coining deathly pale. " Don't shrink from me, little one; only listen," he said, and drew her again to him, softly kissing the white trem bling lips. " To-day is Tuesday ; I can run into Tiilborough to-morrow on my machine and make arrangements, then on Thursday I will take you t3 the registrar's, and there we are '" He .spoke gaily, assuming a matter of-fact air, thinking thereby to bring Marjory to look upon it in the same light. N"No, no," she cried, piteously. " Dear, poor dear dad ! what would lie say ?" Gregory soothed her patiently and tenderly. " He need not know if you think it would worry him, dear. No one need know besides ourselves and lthe regis trar. Darling, ca:'t you see what I mean ? I cannot go away even for a few months and leave you, knowing that in the meantime someone might steal you from me. Marjory, you must con sent if you love me ; it will only be for a few months, and then I will come and caim you as my little wife. Dar ling, darling, my own sweet love, say you wi'l do as I wish . He knelt before her,. his handsome face wbite, his ryes passionate aInd l)lQahiig.He pleaded his cause with all thc- eloquenew of younlg ardent lovC, and sile---wfiell shie listened, wave'red, and tiialiy c.&issntcd.; 