YffllTSUNTIDE CONFER ENCE AT CASTLE HILL. On- Saturday afternoon and evening a Whit mntidu Conference, promoted by tho Ri:V. E. Uarcrnvp, was ' held at St. Paul's Church, Castle Hill. Thu spoakors were choann from both ministers a-.d laymen, without rogard to denomination. There wus a fair attendance at the afternoon session, considering that tho bot'gy nature at tbo rouds precluded immy from ci-tunt parts of tho parish from being present. Tbo proceedings worn opened with a hymn and prayer by the Re7. W. H. Pigott. ?The Kov. E. .Hargrove, who presided, said that he had arranged for this conference because their Eus,t- r services seemed to be ro Hurdcd us too formal, und thoy wore apt to leave the roal essence and moaning of Whitsun tide fur away. It was with tho view of making Whitsuntide more real to them as Christians that he had arranged for his brother ministers to be there that day, und ho trusted that the outcome would be to lead those present, who hud not alroudy dono so, lo seek that which wus truly offered to them in tbo dispensation of the Holy Spirit. ThoRov. Dr. Torter (Baptist) spoke of ' Tho Indwelling of the Holy Uhost,' and babed his romaikson the miracle performed by Christ in healing the woman who touched tho hern of his garment. The chief work of ChriBt on earth was not the performance of miracles ; Ihere were greater trorks and these weie in evidence on tho Day of Penteccst. Tho object of Christ, now us then, was not to heal people of diseases, but to reconcile them to God. People needed to have fellowship with God and to delight iu tho things that Ho do lightid in and to hiito the things that He hated. It whs essential to love others as Christ loves humanity. Love beautifies — lessoos our selfishness and eulurges our interest in others. Be eloquontly urged thom to bo filled with tbe lovo of God and His Spirit. The Kev. E. Hursruvo road u ohaptor from the First Epistle to tbo Coriuthians. Tho Rov. John Bnnnott, (retired Con gregational minister, of Caatlo Hill) deult with tho ' Quickening of the Spirit.' Ho expreesed pleasure ut iho representative character of thut conference and said that tho Roman. Catholic Church might well have been invited — all churches who acknowledge tho Apostles' croed and believed in the Holy Ghost, and the communion of saints. If all churohes acted up to their crood how different would roligion bo to-day ? With nono of tho present sectarian differences how much fullor wouiu not tuo communion oi Baiuiu uu r wuni ever our accomplishments, natural or acquirod, might be — whatever our genius, our gifts, or our taiouts — and howover beautiful and morul our lives, yet wo must bo still carnal if tho Spirit of iho Holy Ghost had not touched our inner lives. A6th.y had to treat diseases in their orchards— and as healthy trees threw off diseases — so we must cultivate the Holy Spirit and huvo its qnickoning to bo healthy in soul, and able to throw off ull our impeifectious. The Rov. C. F. James (Wesloyan, Balmain) toi.k up tha subject of 'Tbo Sustaining Powor of tho .--pirit.' This meant tbo stubilily of tbe Christian. The sustaining forco of tho Bpiritual life was not reproEented by tho forces and iuiluencos which the Christian met with from time to time, but by tho Divino charactor. Xbo ability to rc-sUt temptation and all ovil forcea wub tho Christian's stability — hie sustaining power. Tho secret of this stability waB roBt of tbo soul— where there was no rest, thore wus no stability. The socrot of rest was power. Appropriate bymna were sung during tho intervals and the afternoon session closed with Binging and prayer. 'A light toa which did tbo ladies' committoe credit, was served for tho visitors in the school room and was greatly appreciated by ull who partook of it. Credit for uesistancc rendered in this detail IB due to Mrs. Hargravo, Mrs. Jisoph Fuller, Mim Duvin, Miss Gallord, Miss Smith, Miss Fishburn, Mips Curtis, Misa Lostollo Fullor and Mim Norton. A voto of thaiiki', gracefully proposed by Dr. Porter, was tondered thu liuiiua by acclamation. At lhe evening sestion iho church wns filled. A hymn having been sung tbu Rov. E. Har grave road Actu 11 and briifly impressed upon tho congregation tho divine .nil madn upon them all for service. Tho Uov. J. E. Car ruthera offered up prayer. Tho Rev. Jnohua Hnreruve (of Surry Hills) look up tho first part uf tho tonic for discouroe — 'Tho Baptism of the Holy Ghost.' He emphuB-Bcd thu fact tbut all Christians needed thot'ift for servico, i.nd wiihou?, it no roal laBt ing work in thn Church cou'd bo accomplished. Tho Holy Spirit wus the en':r^iBin(r und Grd given power to Chriiuians for Bervice. The Church was tho medium fcr influence and power, but it needed th- inNlrnmonts to carry i; out. It behoved ull to offer cither tongue, mind or hand to tho nervier. Thoro was no salvation, no blessing iu igp'Ti.nco ; ignorance was of no valuo. They noedod tbo full possession of the Holy Spiiit and the know ledge its iufluenco brought. Tho Rev. J. E. Ci-.rrutbois (of the Parra matta WtsU ,'an Cbunhl d«:iK with tho subject 'ThoHoly!:piritNeeded,'Proiiiiso(I, Given, and Novor Recalloci.' Tho moBf, c.oncluaivo ovi denco that tho Holy Spirit w-m needed by us was to bo found in tho fact that it waB n God givon power, which norcrvas recalled. It had boon given to tho disciples and il waa here to day for all who would accept it. Tho Rov. \V. H. Pigott (retired Baptist minister) spoke of ' S;mctification by the Holy Spirit,' and its directing of the ways of service. Tho Holy fc-piri! n quires tho soul to bo its tcmplo, und this was absolutely essen tiul to the Christian. The oanctification meant for thu Christian to foparato himself from the world unto God. Mr. Connelly (a Church of England theologi cal student) hud for hi'n ttx.1 ?' Hindrances to His uso of uo— Self- indulncnci)- Minunn nf n;B GiftB— Unbelief— Neglect of Pruyor.' Solf indulponco was the root of all nthor sins. To bo without hindrance to pervi- God and use Sis gifts proporly them must bo singlsness of heart. Wo must bo His and His only. Unbelief arose from trusting to self. Tho Conforenco then cloaid with a hymn and tho Benediction. Appropritito hymns again interlarded tbo addre^-uN, Miss Galkrd filling bor usual post at tho org.in. 