JMJW ' J - +- chapter xxxvii WANNAH CBEEDY glanced upward at Leigh Evers- leigh — a sulky oblique glance from, her half-closed drow- fljr eyes.j ; / ' Yes. iyoa've been to seo us before, and not so very long ago neither— rremefiiber you now,' said she... ' You. camo . here .and got those papers out o' Simon; hut you promised we shouldn't bo punished— yes you' did.' ; " ' And thd promiso will be kept,' pbsorved Leigh quietly. ' Not that anybody' could pun ish me,' , muttered -Hannah half angrily, bnce uioro with spasmodio plutch saving the dingy pink wrapper irom supping on ner narrow shoulders; ' foiI never did' anything ; it was Simon. I only held my tongue ; and it was Jio who made roc hold it. I nover smuggled tlio child hero, never wanted her here, though I liked her well enough so loug as pho stopped. here. . She ran awav of her . own accord— wo didn't 'ivpjhcr".| And X'ni sure l never was unkind .to her. I don't know whether' silo's alive or dead, and, what's more, I don't - care a far- den ; but-, if she was alivo and standing there with you, slio couldn't say as I was ovei unkind to her. If sko did, it would . 1)9 a lie. Are . you ner mother r psked 'Hannah . Greedy;' with"- 'p sudden f gleam of curiosity, . ,ac- coinpqn'icdihyj a.notlicr ; sulleh up:- ward..glanco. at her unwelcome visitors. I i»m,' was Marion Evcrslcigh's quick sjeru reply." Listen,, wo man! I huvo travelled many miles to hud this horrible- place,; to Jiear you or y our' brother;- Simon Gree dy, styear to mo that every line written .upon tlicso two papers is truby, I shall ' not ho satisfied \- until-i.bavo heard ryou do this. Afterwards I shall require some thing clso of you ; it is mine, not yours, ,and you will have to give it lip.' For rejoinder Hannah Creedy simply .gruqted- ../. My hrnvo mother, still standing beforo the hearth-place — she de- plincd to sit, although Mr. Evers- Jeigh had'diisled and had brought to her a wooden arm-chair— forth with , opened a small sealskin . bilh'bqg 'hich had. 'jdhrneyod , ;Kwithiier -'from Redknights, and \fjpm.whioh.Bhp:took two folded papers, oho of. thorn tolerably clean and new looking, the other much soiled and faded with age ; Sho-read the soiledfioitotirat. 'Are you listening?' sharply -priedmy, mother. And tho lean woman, crouoh- ing witoh-liko over the rusty kitchenatOj'igrunted again for reply. This is how the first paper ran —it was blotted, and ill- spelt; that however is a detail. . ' .. . .. . . - Oaol, 18- pean 'Cousin Sisioii,— You, I ' suppose, will ho the last man 1 shall look upon in " this- world ; your linnd — so they tell me— . willj be the-last to touph - mine in ;thiB!\orid ;iahd so, as; this must ho, and as wo are cousins . in to me oargain — iiiougn mr a gooti- ish number, of years now, cousin Simon , you und I have lost sight of each other — I , want you . to help mo like, I mean to help nm tamakft up for something -wrong I've done. I don't caro to die — and opio I knoyv would ; perhaps say I was a cow;ard— some old palpj;I:iqean,-'ab 'I used to know — to bo sent, .into eternity .with black thing upon my„,ppul. i As -. eooiPtfS -ftnr.denu you imust make it right ; and then it is mors likely that, in spitc'of my Climes, T.'shall rest in tho gravo they aro digging ; for mo. I .. "wouldn't . trouble "you in this ;pfFhii"if I liked and trusted tho : parson— chaplain they call him : - — in this prison, J3nt I don't. v v What's more, Simon, I don't be lieve ip .parsons .. of any sort ; I ' don't'" trust "'ein — I never did. \- TJuderaenth their bluck clothes they aro just,. like .other: men — often .a loworso. Thpy have to pppear better than' most folk; V . that's what it is ; or thero would ' : ho ub robin' for 'em, no- ball for 'em, r.t all in this, world. You boo they must live, live like other iiien, after l-hll. No — no . bluck-. contcd hj'jjPcrito for nib; 'however . smooth hie tongue may be. Si- . .limn, man, I'll trust you first. " ' Here.is what I want to say.' ' At No 117, St. YincentBoad, Hoxton, you'll find a littlo girl, notmuch more than a baby. She's known thoro as 'Flower Wilson'; and all tho people at No 117 believe she belongs to poor Bachel and mc. It's false, though ; she never did belong to us. Her right and lawful name is Evers- lcigii ; and she is tho only child of a lady that lives with tho Squire, her father, at a great house down in Buckinghamshire called Eedknights. The' Squire was ouco upon a time my master; and the gentlefolk down there at the great house are quite per suaded that tho littlo child I. speak. o_f is dead — never you mind why; UIIUVU) IJU W fruuv 111 o VUU1V IV tho last, I' want to do what is right, So, when I am dead, you go straight to the ad ir ess I have given you here on this paper, and get the baby away from the neighbours at No. 117 — it's no fit home for the likes of her ; she was bred to something very different'. In any way you think proper, send the little one back to her own kiusfolk at. Red knights, nnd say that .with his last breath Giles Hardman hoped that they would forgivo him fop tho wrong he had done them, and for tho sorrow- ho had brought upon the family. Add,Mf you like, that ho freely confessed his guilt - rigut luruugu, . uuu mis, moreover truly sorry for his mis deeds, 1: ,' L can'May . more—can I ?— and what 1'ro'said'I meni?.' I'kriow that you will trikri my hand, 'cousin, oif that last ' morn ing now so very near. ; and into your hund, when the time comes, I shall slip this letter of ' mine. Take , caro of it— und don't for got.- T want tcrcst in my grave. Good-bye, Simon, I am not afraidb And may tho Lord huve mcroy on my soul ! ' Giles Hardman.' My mother refolded tho failed paper aud carefully replaced it in her bag. 'Swear to me, Hannah Greedy,' sho said distinctly, . 'that every word of that written confession iu.tcue-'. - The skinny huddlcd-up figure, plucking at its frowsy piuk wrapper, required another slight shako from Leigh before .it would ... . 'Every word of it's true,' she snapped then, witli shut eyes.' II swear it. ;T,hayo- heard Simon say so a hundred times at least.' ' ' ' Yery good. Now for the 'other, ' itiy mother said, in the samo dispassionate icy tone in which, so far, sho hnd'fspoken throughout tho interview. 'Don't go to sleep, but attend to mo.' 'T am'hot asleop." I am atten ding,' grumbled Simon Crcedy's sister. ' Go on — make haste — 1 want to be alone !' - .< ' And wc wantto ho gone,' ro tunied my mother, drily. ' Now then for this one, which is your brother's ' statement. Aro you listening?'. ' Oh, bother ! Haven't I -said so?". ' . . ' Couneseending to ;no faither parley, "my. mother .unfolded -the owiivuu uuu. uivauui-iuutkiug paper. Unlike .the othoi', it was neatly and legibly written, arid in a hand almost like that of a careful, con scientious solioolboy ; and it read as follows — Moor Edge, 24th Oct., 11- — "A gentleman, Mr. Leigh Ev- crsleigh by name, .has on this day conic,, to 'my sister Hannah arid me; aud says hp wUl have from us tho"truth — an" far us 'wo can tell it— concerning ourshare iri hiding from the world Miss Flower Ev- ersloigh. for many years known hereabout as our uoieo, Flower Greedy. Thero is not much to tell; = - " It is now getting on for five- nnd-twenly years since I hanged my cousin Giles Hardman for the murder of tho womun ho lived with called Baohel Owen. With this, my own confession of evil- doing, 1 will seal up that of Giles Hard mail. His tells its own story and helps the telling of mine as Well. When ho had censed to live, I did es ho begged mo in his letter. I went straightway to - tho address mentioned — No. in, St.- -Vincent Bond, Hoxton —hud .found tho little child .ho spbke of being taken care of 'by the neighbours. But they were all alike in that house — very poor ; they could ill afford to keep her. without payment, aud uaturully they were very glad to learn that some oue had come to claim her. 'Before I saw licr I did hon estly mean to do what was right, in tho host and quickest way I could — that is, I intended with out delay to carry out my cousin Giles Hnvdman's wishes. Yes ; before I saw tho child, I honestly meant to put right what Hard- ' man aud tho woman had set all wrong. But when for tho first timo I saw tho little baby-girl, . with her pretty dark clustering curls, her sweet innocent dark- blno eyes, and her pretty timid baby ways — well, then it was tho dovil- himself who sluuk up behind me, whispered to me as only ho can whisper, iomptoJ mo as only ho can tempt a man; and I— I listened to him, waver ed, and in the end yielded; and it was all over with my good resolution! . , ' She, was. such a . beautiful little soul, and I was such a miserable solitary inau, n lonely outcast shunned by my fellow- men, and witli no living near tie upon this wide earth savo my sister Hannah, who lived with mo at Moor Edgo, . 'I coveted the child — coveted her more eagerly than words can explain. Why shouldn't I huvo licr ? Her own people at the great house away, down in Buck inghamshire believed b.ic was dead— they would nover lcnow that in reality it was not so:| nor would Giles Hardman him- 1 self ever know that I had failed to carry out that last dying wish of his. Or, even supposing that iu another world Hardman could know of it, he was powerless to como bnek aud reproach me in anyway. Ghosts never hurt any man. 1, at any rate, was never afraid of ghosts — which may seem odd. ' Briefly, then, I told tho neigh bours who'd got her that I was the little one's uncle, and I had come to fetch her away to my homo in the north, and that I was going to adopt hor, and that she was thenceforward to be known as my own child. Whether they believed mo or not I don't know. But they willingly gave ftp to me the few little things which belon ged to her, and 1 took the child homo with me to Moor Edge. And from that day forward until tho day on_ whioh she fled with tho young man who hnd guessed or discovered something of the truth, und who made her his wife, she was knowu as my neico and oalled Flower Creedy. ' I have not much more to add. ' So long as I could keep my stolon treasure with me, I did my duty to her, at least as far as it was in my power to do it, Heaven knows 1 did my host ! I educated her as well as 1 could. Kept all dark and terrible knowledge from her as well as I could. Sho did not dream of the secrot of Moor Edgo until the young man &..o lied with opened hor eyes. \ - v ' When I lost her, I was stun ned — broken-hearted. I have been going down hill ever since. With her — for me— went all joy and suushiuo in lifo. I was a lonely and unhappy wrotch once mbro — a hundred times lonelier, a hundred times unhappier, than I was ia tho days before I fouud hor! 1 that is all l need write. ' I have felt that the truth one d-iy would have to be told ; and I have told it now. ' Simon Creedy.' With a resolute snap my mo ther shut her hag. ' Swear to me, Hannah Creedy, that every word of that vile con fession also is true.' she said. 'Dear, dear, how jou do wor ry,' muttered the woman in a (euilcu voice; - ' a' Icecplug on with youi1 " swear this," and " swear that" r ' Do as I bid you — swear tliat it is true !' interrupted my mother haughtily. 'I swear tlmt ovcrv word of it is true,1 grumbled Hannah Gree dy drowsily. ' And now go, and lot mb be. You've bothered mc enough for.ono day, 1 think. You will bring' back tho jumps direct ly, with y'ojir worrying and your ' One moment,' said my mother very coldly. ' Thero is a bundle of little, garments which belong to my child. With my own hands I made them. Thoy .ara mine, and I mean to have them. Where is it, I say — that bundle :of littlo clothes?' I ' I am sure 1 don't know why we kept 'cm ; but you may have 'em an' wolcomo; they are no good to us,' tho woman said, in tho samo leaden way. ' What should I want with them ? Ugh !' ' Mr. Leigh Eversloieh here has told mo that they aro hidden in some ponderous piece of old fur niture — an old-fashioned chest of drawers or something that you have ! ' So thoy arc — in tho chest of drawers in the 'parlour where tho liueu is. Take and go and sec for yourself, ma'am. I ain't a- hindering you,' said Hannah Creedy, with sleepy insolence — 'ami?' At that moment my mother glanced towards tho kitchon door. As 1 stood in tho passage beyond it, shrinking in- the gloom and avoiding tho dull gray light, her eyes met mine, and Ibeokoncd to her. She joined mo direotly— turning her eyes forever upon that huddled-up figure by the hearth. ' Como with me. I will show you the parlour,' I whispered. 'If it oun possibly bo managed, I do not wish to bo recognised by — by any one in the place.' My mother caught me to her , breast. For seconds, in 6ilcuce, ; she held mo thus. I ' Oh, my darling, my own dar- < ling !' sho breathed — no moro ; but I understood. Passionately she kissed me, and then released me.> . Together we entered tho parlor of Moor Edge, . Here, as everywhere else, de cay had set its seal. Huge spi ders had woven their nets upon the window-panes ; the damp old ugly paper was dropping from the walls. Drab dust lay thick wher ever it could lie ; the low room smelt like a gravedigger's tool- house smells, or as an ancient bel- frv whore the rats havo made a homo. My mother at once descried tho old-fashioned ehest of drawers. I believe she was too excited to mark just tjjon tho deadly chill and forlornless of tho Moor Edge parlour. Tho drawers, it seemed, were unlocked, for ono after ano- mm biiu mum uy (.uuu massive brass ring-shaped handles aud dragged them all opcu as f..r as tlicy would como. Then fever- imhljr thc> hofftm ho rummoffo for what she sought among the heaps of damp neglected linen. I hoard Mr. Eversleich's step in tho pas- sage, and involuntarily I loojceil out of the parlour. Ho was going upstairs ! . Ho understood tho 'mute aston ishment on my face, .tho half fearful glance of 'iiiqiiiry in my eyes, for ho said quiotly— ' I want a wdfil or .wo with Simon Crqcdy Lhfpro wbgb; Aud — from what I 'con gather from that womau in the kitchen, Ifanoy that after all he must be in. the ho.u.so.to.-day.' .. . 'In the house?' I echoed with a shudder, ' Then do not — do not let him discover that I ami horo with you, Mr. Evorsleigh !' . 'Trust me. His sister, talks of a workshop ho has in tho roof — a kind of attio in tho tiles. Evidently she thinks he must be there if ho is anywhere at home; aud so 1 am going to see.' 'Ah!'/ How vividly came came back to me the recollection of that ghostly attio in the roof, where of a night we — Hannah Creedy and I — used so often to hear the mea sured tapping and sawing of n carpenter's tools ; tho mysterious attio regarding whichDaryl Dark- wood had onco asked mo, whe he had oomc in tho summer starshine to my chamber window whioh looked over tho beautiful lone moor, whether Simon Crcody was ' making coffins up thoro;' 'Pray be careful, Mr. Evers- leigh,' 1 cried very anxiously in the next breath. 'Ho may be angry — ho may resent your seek ing him thero ; 1 am sure it is not unlikoly. He — ho never would, 1 remember, permit any one to see him at work in thnt garret. He always looked him self within it, nnd always kept tho key whenever he quitted it. 1 believe it is some sort of dread ful Bluebeard chamber; 1 do not knoiv ; .1 havo never behold its interior. Oh, do pray ho cautious, Mr. Eversleigh.' '1 suppose,' observed Leigh, with a grave reassuring smile, ' that tho man was jealous of his wonderful invention ; doubtless that was about all, Mrs. Dark- wood. Tho woman herself savs -—at least, so I ipako opt — that he'has been , working at it in vari ous whys, improving upon the original idea,, for a number of years past. , It appoars — now that quite lately ho has com pleted tho model— thnt it is his intention to endeavour to get tho affair patented, in tho hope, 1 imagine, that it will bring him a fortune. 1 will soon return ; 1 shall not.be long.' Cortainly 1 did but vaguely comprehend Mr. Evereleigh ; and ho turned and went on his way up-stairs. More than half tear fully no w 1 watched him until he disappeared. . , to be continued. 