A Miracle in Sydney. LOOOMOTOB ATAXIA CURED. BOILER-MAKER JARVIS WAS TOLD BY DOCTORS HE MUST DIE. ON THE VERGeToF THE GRAVE. A FINAL EXPERIMENT AND ITS ASTOUNDING RESULTS. THE DOCTORS BEWILDERED. INTERESTING INTERVIEWS PULL PARTIOULAS OF A REMARK ABLE RECOVERY. A SBNSATION AT ULTIMO. (From Australian Workman.) One of the best-known residents of Ultimo, Sydney, is Mr. Thomas Jarvis, who resides at 45 Crown-lane. A multitude of his ao qnainunoes were griovod to notice how his fine physique wan slowly but surely being undortnindad by an iuaidioae aud mysterious malady. The disouse baffled all who attempted to diagnoao it, uioanwhilo Jurvis suffered Bgoniosinentally and pbyuioally. His trouble developed at last so rapidly that ho woa ; FORCED TO HIS BED, and his tortnro becoming unendurable), largo quantities of opium and morphia were ad ministered to alleviate hie suffering*. He applied to a Well-known dootor, bot that gcntloman nftor a oarolul oorutiny pronooncod bis oaso hopelessly incurublo. aud gave him ?n order addressed to the Dlrootor ol Chari table Institutions. Poor Jsrvis wont homo to bed, and another dootor wai called in and agreed that JAIIVIS WAS INCURABLE, and all that could be done for him. was in tho dircotioa of deadening the pains whiob racked him. While JarviB was patiently waiting for tho kindly hand ofdoath to endhU suffer ings, his attention was direotod to advertise ment in the press, and thinking that a case therein resembled his own ho determined, bb a lust resort, to try Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Palo Puople. The first box had a magioal offeat upon him the very first week. His appetite re turned and he once more experienced the ltjxuby of a slurp. The second week with tho second box of pills confirmed the symptoms of recovery, and ho perHovured with tho third and fonrth boxes with equally surprising result*. Ho iB now taking his fifth box, and in five short weeks AN ABSOLUTE CURB has been revealed. Evoiy day bis strength inoreBies, and although not yet robust he is a now man full of vitality, confidence and eothnsiasm. It is no wonder then that his oase is causing quite a sensation at Ultimo, and [tno news is spreading throughout tho city and suburbs. Under these extraordinary citenmatances we decided to send a representative of The Australian Workman to make inquiries so that the oure may he folly authenticated and the public may obtain all particulars. So remarkable a ooro deserves the widest pub licity in the interests of SUFFERING HUMANITY whose maladies baffle all the scienoe, learning and experience of the medical profession. THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representative made bis way to the humble borne of Mr, Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Ho wa6 discovered nnrsing a tiro year-old baby, and his face deolared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. Ho was up and about and able to answer the knook at tbe door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a perio 1 of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : ? You want to know all about ray case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to toll you. The faots may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering V ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I bad to LBAVK OFF 'WORK, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Binoe the accident I. have beon in failing health, and after four yean of gradual development bt the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at tbe Glebe Island.' ? What were the symptoms V 'Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were jatt about as much as I oould bear. They wero for all the world like as if a SAW WEBB GUTTING MY BONES in two in every part of me. I had no con* trol over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incossantly shivering and shaking, and oould neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd Maroh last I saw a well-known dootor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to tho Dlreotor of Charitable Institutions.' ?Did you make use of tho order? ' 1 No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weokB ago I oould not walk aoroas the floor ; in fact I, oould not get out of bod. I felt then that it was ALL OVBB WITH MB, and only a quostion of days when I would givo up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all bo oould, by opium and morphia pills, to ease tho agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Loco motor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of tho spinal ohord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in oo-ordinatiug voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the nse of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with enerery to show that medioal opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea oonyeyod by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the oase of another boiler maker in England, whioh I read in the Aus tralian Workman,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People I read in the advertise ment of a oase which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pale Pills a trial anyway, and SEND FOB A BOX. The' effect was as marvollons as it was magioal. I wai able to eat and aleop as though' nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetito and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during tbe past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I CAN WALK ABOUT. with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but snrely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there? Thoy aro perfectly new, and I have never osed them. They were made for me beforo I got the Pink Pills, but 1 was too weak to use thorn, and now I don't want them. All I want is (bis stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' 1 He is 100 por cent, hotter,' said Mrs, Jarvio, who had corao in and taken tho baby od bur kneoB. 'Tho Pink Pills have SAVED HIS LIKE, and mado anothor man of him.' A friond who called in at this point, Raid that Jarris looked 10 years youngor that day than be did a fortnight previously, 1 1 can now,' continued Jarvin, ' have a cold bath, and all the fnolini; hns corao back in my logs. If I keop on going the way ( am, I hopo to bo nblo to work In two mouths' tlrao. I fool that I nhall thnn bo noil enough to resuaio work as a boilor-inaknr, and yon know I hnvn to be in tun very pink of hon|th and strength to work nt that trade, I am -- BETTEIl TO-DAY than I have been at any time daring the put five years. I aaoribe all tbe change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a now man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of OPIUM AND MORPHIA pills whioh tho dootor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longor need them. Every body who knows me has been amazed at tho obange in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Having wished Mr. Jams continued speed towards teoovery our representative with drew. WHAT MR. DONOHUE SAYS. In order to obtain further confirmation of tho oure wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, our representative inter viewed Mr. James Donohno, a step-brother of tbe patient. Mr. Donohue wus discovered hard at work in thn boiler of a locomotive at the Evcleigh railway workshops. Few men are better known in trade-union cirolos than ' Jim ' Douobue. He is a momber of the Iron Trades Council and is the representa tive of tbe Boilermakers' Society. He is the secretary of tbe representative committee of the Eveleigh Railway workshops. He has always taken the deepest interest in trades matters, and was seoretary for several years of tha Boilermokers' Sooiety of N.S.W. He has held responsible positions in Victoria, having been the representative of the Ballarat Boilermakers' Sooiety at the Trades Union Congress held in Melbourne in April, 1894, He was also representative of the Melbourne Boilermakers' Society on several ooosions in mattors between the Sooiety and employers. He oooupied most intelligently similar posi tions in Newcastle and Sydney. Twenty years ago he was a prominent member of tbe Boiler-makors' Society at San Francisco. The testimony of snob a well known * and representative trade unionist will spoak for itself. ' Yes,' he said, 'I am a step-brother of Thomas Jarvis, who is now 35. He is a boilermaker and was employed at various workshops, and was for some time with the Colonial Sugar Coy., at Fiji. Ho met with an aocident at the swimming baths, Pitt street, Sydney, Ho wbs severely soalded about the legs through falling over an ex posed steam pipe. He was bad for months, but seemed to get alright, bntjhia complaint, whioh is a conundrum — I fancy it is a form of paralysis — developed. After tho aooident he worked for a considerable time at Glebe Island abattoirs, and gradually grew worse, ultimately losing the use of his legs. That occurred two months ago. The dootors who attended him considered the CASE HOPELEBS. and reokoned all they ooold do for him would be to relieve the torture he was endaring. He was thus treated with no idea of effeoting any cure. More as nn experiment than otherwise, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People were tried. He took a box a week and the effect has been marvellous. Ho beoame better rapidly, and is now uBiog the fifth box I NEVER SAW SUOII A CHANGE. in a man. I didn't believe in patent medi cines as a rule, but have so altered my opinion that I am recommending Pink Pills to all sufferers of my acquaintance. I may mention that my daughtor, Mrs. Thomas O'Toole, of Darling- street, Batmain, who has been suffering from nervous debility, is using these PillR find deriving great benefit. She was induced to ~ take them owing to their wonderful efficacy in Tom's case. Tom Jarvis expeots to be able to ao to work in about two months' time. He does not want to have much tbe matter with him physically to follow the occupation of a boiler maker. Very naturally, Tom's oure has caused qnite a sensation among the boilormakers, and they can hardly oredit the news. I re commended the Pink Pills to Mrs. Cunning ham, of 135 Henderson Road, Alexandria. She begon taking them two days ago. She has been suffering for 20 years from chronic nervousness and affections of the brain. Since womanhood, Bhe has never been out of the hands of the dootors. Should Pink Pills do as much for her a» thoy did for Tom Jarvis, then there will be another sensation at Alexandria.' WHAT MR. LABOR-LEADER Mo GOWEN KNOWS. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the N.8, W. Assembly, was also seen in connection with the remarkablo cose of Mr. Thomas JarviB. He says he has known JarviB from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady whioh ho developed. Ho afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little ohanoe of bis recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to tbe Sydney Hospital, as his oaie had been pronounced inourable. Mr. M'Gowan. was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at tho complete recovery of Jarvis. 