IS THIS A MIRACLE ? AN M.Fs. VIEWS ON THE SUBJECT. WHAT MR LABOR-LEADER M'GOWEN. KNOWS. From the Awlivhan TTcrkman. i Mr. J.S. T. M'Gowcn, loader of thoLibor i party in the N.S.W. A«emblv, wao *ccn by I oar reporter in oomioction with tho remark- I ablo caso of Mr. Thorn m Jarris which was I giren sotne weeks ago id thia paper and | which is given below. Mr. 21'Gowon says i ho bai knowu Jams from infancy. IIo alio I know that ho had to mvo up his work at i Glebe Island abattoirs twclro mcnthn ago, owing to a malady whloh ho doTcloped. He aftorwarda heard that Jarvia waa bed ridden, and that there wai little chanco of his rccorcry. Ho nnderstood Jarvia w&s; i refaBed admisxion to tlio Sydnoy Hospital i as bin caso had beeu pronounced inourablo. I Mr. M'Gowrn was, therefore like ereryono elso who know tho facts, astounded at the comploto recorcry of Jarvia. THOMAS JAR VI8 INTERVIEWED. Oa Thursday afternoon, our representative m&dohisway; to tho hamblo home of Mr. Thomas Jarris, 4S Crown-lano, Ultimo. Ho I was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, i and hia face declared him to be ono of the i happiost men in Sydnoy. Ho was up and i about and ablo to answer tho knock nt tbo i door. Altboogh palo and bearing still the marka of a ontlcal illness, and e poriod of pain, it was very clear that ho was an invalid on tlio rapid road to oonvaleeocnco. In reply to tho preliminary ouoitioni, ha said: ??You want to know all abont my ease t 'Well, I am glad of an opportunity to toll yon. Tbe facts may bo of valao to thoso who aro itrickon as I was.' ??How long were you suffering 'Well, twrlve months ago 1 got so bad tbat I had to leavo off work, and I havo dono nothing since then. About fivo rears ago, noxt Christmna, 1 mot with an acciuont ; I waa badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-stroct, Sydnoy. Since tho accident I have been in falling health, and after four roars of gradnal development of tho malady, I was forcod to givo up my billet at the Glebe Island.'* '* What were the symptoms P* ' Simply indescribable. Tho pains waro : something tomblo. They wore jost about : as much as I conld bear. They wero for all the world lire aa if a *aw were catting my benefl in two io ovsry part of me. I had no control over my bowols or bladder, and waa a nuisance to myself and everyono else. I waa incessantly shivering and rhaldng, and conld neither eat nor afocp. On tho 23rd March last I paw a woll-known doctor and ho told mo that my caco was utterly hopeless. However, ho gave me an ort^er to tho Direc tor of Charitcblo Institutions.' 44 Did you mako use of tho ordor?' ?' No ; I camo home nnd went to bed, and have bfon pretty well in bed ever aince. Five week* ago 1 could not walk across tho floor ; m fact, I ooald not got out of bed. I felt then that It was all over with mo, nnd only a question of daya when I would givo up tbo ghost.' My doctor was attending mo, and did all bo could, bv upturn and mnrpbla pills, to ease tho agony I waa in. I was under ^him for fivo or six weeks. He camo I to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disc/wo of the spinal cord, charao ! terised by pccnllar diitarbanoo of gait, and ! difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move-* mente. - He told me that 1 might l{£i tor ten years, and that-I might £SYer got tho use of my legs, (Juat then the patient kickcd his legs about with c nerpy, to show that medlial opinion is not infalhblo ) Well, jnat aa a drowning man will group at a straw, I grasped at an idea' conveyed by the adver tisement describing tho cure eflectcd in the ra6e of another taller-maker in England, which I read in the 'Australian Workman,' by Dr. Williama' Pink Pills for Palo People. I read in the advertisement of acaw which seemed to fit my own. I determined to givo tho Pink Pill* a trial anyway, and sent for a box. Tho ofToct waa aa marvellous as it waa magical. I wss able' to cat and sleep as though nothing was tho matter with me. It waa tho first appetito and rost 1 had for many a day. It waa incrodlble. I immedi ately left the bed aud -was ablo to move about. I havo taken fonr boxes of Pink Pills dnring tho past fonr weeks, and am now taking tbo fifth box. T can walk abont with tbo aid of a stick, and am gradually bat surely recovering nyr former vigor and vitahty. You seo theso crutches there f Thev are perfectly new, and I havo never used them. They wero mado for mo before I got tbo Pink Pills, but I was too weak tn use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly rogsining my strength.' ' Ho is 100 per ccnt. better,' said Mm Jarris, who nad ctixno iu aud takon tho baby on her knees. 'Tbo Pink Pills havo saved his life, and mado another man of him.' A frioud who called in at this point said that Jarris looked ten -y?ara younger tbat day than he did a fortnight previously. '1 can now,' continued Jarvts, ' havo a cold bath, and all tho feeling baa como back in rar lege. If 1 keep on going 4ho way I am, I hope to be abb to resume work as a boiler-makcr/'und you know ! have to be in tho very pink of health and strength t' work at that trado. 1 am better to-day than I havo . been at any time during the past fit* years. , I ascribo all the chang*. £htt- benefit to thwa P*nk Piili.' Thoy have .saved my iifo. I am in so pain now whatever, and feel liko a new man. On the manttlpleed thoro is a box of opium nnd . morphia pills which tho doctor ffavo mo to deaden tho excrnditing rain. But they can stay whero they are, for I no longer noed them. . Every body who Lnowa me has been amazed at the chango in me. Thoy can hardly believe their eyes. My being' about again has caused, quite a taxation out here.' Snoh Li this remarkable hlstorr, and it confirms what is said In all tho chl«f news papers of thia country of tbe astonishing sores wttught by Br. Williams' Pink Pi 11a for Palo People. Thoy euro loeomotorataxr, partial carnivals, and spinal disease, also the many disorders whioh arise from an im poverished statoof tho blood, such aaamomla, palo and sallow comploxloo, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, short, neas of breath, pains in tho'^oack, nervous headache, &C.; . ? , 