BOOKS RECEIVED. “Here They Are.” Further stories hy J. T. Sullivan (George Robertson and Co., Mel bourne). An excellent Christmas book for young people with just sufficient knowledge and intelligence to pnzzle nut a covert joke at the expense of the reader. The stories are written in a fine vein of groteßqnerie. The comio humor lies in the employment of eeriona and dignified language in nar rating, Bay, a nursery legend or .an absurd supernatural story. The tale of the "Blue Thing with White Dote’ is a specimen of consistent fooling, thongb to a child it might at first be aocepted as genuine. The idea is that the writer is supposed to give an idea of the domestic economy that goes on in Noah’s Ark. where all the animals are represented in pair*, and where the patriarch, his wife, and sons, and their assistants go through their daily rontine. The illusion is maintained with no small ability, even though the strik ing likeness of Noah to his wife gives rise to difficulties, and an arrangement has to be corns to in order to differentiate between them, that the little red wooden plate on which the old gentleman stands shall be marked with a pencil, and thns make plain bis identity. The escape of the Bine thing from the ark and its adventnrsa are also told with an earnestness and sardonic hnmor that sounds very fnnny. The thing in rags and pink spots being bronghb into contaot with the bsro of the story is a capital conception, mors par ticularly as one is elevated to the position of a small deity in one of the Polynesian Islands, while his ragged friend is appointed skipper of a vessel tradiog amongst the islands. " The Blne.eyed Fly” is another story admirably told, and may be read with intereat by even obildrsn of a larger growth. ‘ “The Lady’s Walk.” by Mrs Oliphant (Geo. : Robertson and Cos., Melbourne). In this very readable novel there is a social tragedy and a ghost story very artistiaslly worked in to gether. It is superfluous to urge that it is written with all the graoe of style, that elegance of diction and subtle treatment of the characters and incidents which characterises the works generally of a lady who, throughout her long literary career, might be eaid to be the admired of all admirers amongst her bril liant contemporaries. 