PRESByTERlA^ijipHUIlCH. THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY. The second session of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of South Aus tralia was continued on Thursday. The Rev. James Lyall (moderator) presided at all meet ings.1 '.- ' ' ' ?' WIDOW'S* AND ORPHANS1 FUND. ^s. The _JJ$v. ?!&, Ra&iagk;, as convener, sub mitted' the report of the committee of the widows' and orphans' fund, which read as follows : — Your committee beg to report that it is desirable now that the widows' and orphans' fund has reached the position of an independent (und to take steps to wards securing an annual income. Your committee therefore suggest that a levy should be made on the ministers and congregation of the church in a like Bum to Hint arranged lor in the aged and infirm ministers' fund, viz., 10s. per £100 stipend paid to ministers, in each case. The interest on deposits for the3'carsmouot3*o£28I4s. 7d., bringing the capita! upto£03S13s.7d.' ; . ? The Rev. G. Ra.ua.ge moved, and Mr. Bjiyson seconded— : *, j |i: .'?, That .'the report,, as; . prcsraibeii, be adopted, the cpmmittee thanked for its pbtaices) during the year; linij that tte suggestions eiuboBtedifn the report bo remitted lothtccmiimttee for t^r' consideration. The jnotidnjWas enrried. '!jj; ??,' . .? ^ uxipSicoMMiTTEE's tfiyont. The iRev, i.Hi rJl Hull, aitbiuyener, pre sented the report of! the coiwpttee on union, which read :— ' ! '. . ?. { ' 1 j * ' Your committee have held two meetings during the year, and have answered several qfeHliona asked, by the convener of the Federal AssemOlj-;* committee on union. The scheme of union hivin£4Jeen adopted by the Federal Assembly, and ordered to be transuiitteJ to General Assemblies for adoption or otherwise, your committee recommend that the scheme be adapted generally, and transmitted to Presbyteries with the view of having the scheme generally accepted or re jected, it being understood that Presbyteries may make swjgoslions. The report was adopted. *-. SriiCIAL COLLECTIONS. Dr. Paton moved, and tho $cv. A. C. Sutukrland seconded— '?* That Hie collections be made in all our churches during the year in behalf of home missions in Uie second Sunday in August, of the foreign missions on the second Sunday in October, and of the welfare of youth fund on the second Sunday in April, and that all our minis ers be intruded to call the attention of their congregations to these subjects en the Sun day before and the Sunday appointed for the collec tion. Carried. HOME MISSION OOMJITTTEE'S UEPORT. Dr. PaTvMT, as convener, presented the re port of the Home Mission committee, which etatcd : — The two chief functions of your committee during Uie' year have been wakiii£ arrangements for the supply of ordinances in vacant charges, and Blrcuj theaiiiif as far as possible the churches tlist are weak. To secure wise and ]*ocd men to conduct Divine worship' in those places where tirerc txie no settled paatoKLtcs, h a business not so easy, as it mi-j-ht seen). The existing vacancies arc- Port Augusta, SiuiUUielcl, Golden Grove, Goodwood, and Wallaroo. Of these, Wallaroo has but recently come under your com mittee's care,' and that owing to the resignation of the late pastor, licv. W. Tasie. On the. other bund, llount barker, and Spalcling', and Koolns^a have both been filled tip sines last annual meeting by the induction of Rev. J. (J. Mather and ltev. H. .'. Lam bert resrJeclivcly. The remoteness of Port Augusta would in ordinary circumstances make it uitiic-uit of supply, but your committee and the whole church are under great obligations to one of our ciders there, Jlr. J. lioldaworth, who -lias, almost single-handed, succeeded in inaimaiiiiiifr the ordinances 01 public worship ungrudgingly and with great acceptance. We are advised, also', that before very lon£, anl with proper fostering:, GoodwooJ aud Waharoo may be in a poiition to secure a minister of iheir own ajrain, whilst there is at iei&t; soaii; prospect of .1 uiora satis factory arrangement- for Sniithfield und Golden Grove. Several applications hive been ip.ade to the committee for mission work, but for the most part the applicants, however excellent as men, were not i:on sidcred suitable for the responsibilities that wuuld be laid upon theji by their admission as preachers. Your commit tec. have been t'.jcain indebted 10 gentle men— not only of our own, but of other churches — outside the ranks of the regular imuisiry, who have with great readiness put their services at our disposal. Early in 1897, at the instance of the committee, the ltcv. li. Mitchell viiiled every one of the vacant charges, as a bishop mi^Iit his diocese, and in due time lumished a report— pointed, lucid, and encourag ing — that was calculated 10 be of great assistance to jour committee in the- discharge 01 their administra tive duties. J!r. Mitchell received the .special thanks of the committee. Mr. J. Ueith Wilson, B.A., of Adelaide University, has ju~t passed his entrance examination for Orniond College with success, and according-toagreeinent you.-coiimiiUee are respousiuie for his fees while in residence there. The following sums have been allocated by the committee during the year :— In aid of Port Augusta and Golden Giovu supply, liS 10s. and £15 5s. respectively ; Monarto, £i0 ; 'Smith of Dunosk mission, HM. Coiigre^alioual contributions for the year amount to £s5 us. 10d. The Kev. \V. B. Mii.se moved and Mr. HoLnswoRTii seconded— That the Assembly approve the report, acknowledge the assiduity of the commilteo and the opportune assistance of many friends, urge ihc claim of the Home Missions on the liberality and commend their objects to the prayers ot the people oi our several con grej^ilioiis. Carried. SMITH Of DUXESK MISSION. The Clerk, as convener, submitted tho fol lowing report of the Smith of Dunesk mission's committee : — In our report it was announced that the income of the mission fell very far tliort of its liabilities, and that the committee had applied to the colonial com mittee of the tree Church for aiiUioriiy 10 appro priate if necessary £100 a year of the capital f uud to current expenses for five years. That body refused to grant such authority — but offered aid to the extent of £60, if we.bya special effort raised an equal amount, but on the understanding that wheu in a position to do so we should return the £50. In the meantime-, under taithority from last Assembly, the Home Missionary committee made us a giant of £1lK Mlcr a conference with that committee they agreed to grant £3U more, making £50 in all. This committee thin replied to Dr. line, renewing the previous request and o.vplain inir that, while they would be glad .10 receive the eum raised the amount required to gecutu it had bien re- ceived from the home missionary committee, but that there uas no probability of tins committee being ab'e to repay Uie grant. An answer has just arrived from Dr. Kae, enclosing draft for £50, but announcing that his committee cannot consent to any withdrawals from the capital fund. The balance-sheet showed thai the capital fund continues as at January 31, 1MW. In the current accounts the receipts, exclusive of home missionary grant, amount to £243 0s. 7d., while the expenditure (agent's salary, maintenance of horse and trap, travelling expenses, Assembly expenses, rates, and sundries) amount to £&)0 Its. Cd., showing a defi ciency of income as compared with expenditure of £99 bs. lid. The income arite-i from reuts, £104 13-., lid.; interest on deposits, £108 19s. Td.; und contri butions and collections at Mr. Mitchell's services amounting to £29 10s. Id., this last showing a defi ciency for 14 months of £27 17s. Sd., as corn paled with £57 13s. 9d. received during the previous year. Thu total deficiency has been missionary committee, and that from the Free Church is a still further help. Such aids as these, however, we cannot expect to be continued, and our financial prospects arc somewhat gloomy, Coming now to the work of the mission it haa' been prosecuted as earnestly and faithfully as before. Mr. Macmillan's travels have been over much the came extensive tract of country, and he bos been giving heed not only to souls but to bodies ot the people within the field of his labors. In addition to his previous range of work he has extended his operations- to Ilcrgolt and Oodnadalta, where he received a cordial wel come. Besides this, at the request of the Home missionary committee, and with the approval of this committee, he Bpent lose January in visiting all the then vacant charges of the church. And under the sanction of the Presbytery of the bounds, a congre gation has been duly constituted at Beltana, with whom Mr Mitchell, with the assistance of Mr. Holds worth, the elder, has celebrated the ordinance of the Lord's Supper. The number of members is certainly very small, but it ia the first fruits ot our missionary's labors. _ Tho Rev. R. Mitchell presented Uie follow ing statement as to the work of this mis sion :— . At the dose of another twelve months I think it jneet to set forlu » few facts bearine ou the work of the muslon and the experience of the inissionuT. The distance covered by trap, 8,890 miles ; by train, 8,282 miles; vislU, 1,170, ?'addresses, 2«7;bapttgmi, ?27 ? fliarruujes, 4 ; funerals, 2. Services haVo been condiibttd'ftt pastoral stations to the number of 86 ; services iir townships, 80; tho remainder have been held at railway coitagesj boundary riders' huts, prospectors' caufps, ooalminersr camp, ?Government artesian bores, and shearing- sheds. Taking the sv&\- - rage for the year it will be seen that & service iuu._ been conducted a little over fire nights of every week. Of the numbers present at these meetings no record has been kept, but I think it fair to state that ip the forge majority ot instances a thoroughly representa tive audience has assembled. At one diet of worship . the entire congregation consisted of one man, whilst on other occasions there have been 30, 40, 00, 70, and up to ISO. The highest register is reached on the shearing trip, wlun the worshippers are chiefly men. As lar as the season of the year and the slate ot the country would allow, our energies have been pretty equally divided betweeu the backwoodlandcra and the villagers. This result is mainly due to the generosity of station managers. Feed being so scarce in many of the districts our horees would have given up travel, aud Uie ghost too, but for' the chafi gratuitously supplied. . The kind ness shown to our faithful eteeds has been extended to ourselves, livery where and by everybody we have received genuine hospitality. Were the call of duty not so loud and so imperative one might easily transform the work of the mission into a holi day tour. Our great protection against preference among the people and loss of precious time is the careful preparation of a programme before leaving headquarters. Notification ot expected dale of call is sent on a week ahead. The fixtures on this pro gramme we regard with .the utmost fidelity, and in tills way move round with wonderful speed aud regularity. It is impossible to recount in a formal report what the results of the year have been, I mean eveu the known results. 'JQuerc is perceptible im provement in the nutter of interest in the services. There is improvement in the lives of not a few of the people. There is greater ccusiclcration tor the welfare of young people, iu fact there is an all-round advance 011 our previous experience. The character of a missionary's work in the north ch-mges very often with every hour of the day. The requests for advice on all sorts of subjects, the giving of un requestcd advice, the interference with ques tionable conduct, the prescribing: for sick bodies and injured limbs, including the extraction o! unruly tecch, are but taniples of what may take place within the short space of a few hours. Of the state of the country during the whole term of our residence nothing need be taid. It is acknowledged by the oldest slockownera in the north that with all its devastation the drought of 20 years a:,'O was mild compared with what is now reigning:. When the Lord sends us rain (he travelling will be easier, the cloud of depression will be lifted from the whole land, thereby making our work easier, and then the treasurer will find proofs of gratitude which up to the present his books do not show. The Rev. W. Geay moved, and the Rev. G. Bamage seconded— That the General Assembly adopts the report, and thanks the committee and especially the convener. IL has learned with much satisfaction that a congre gation has been formed at Beltana, and trusts that this is but the first fruits of a great harvest. It is« however, with great regret that it learns that the income is far behind requirements, and that contributions and collections have diminished, and in view of this deficiency it again com mends this mission lo the consideration of the Home Mission committee and instructs the committee to adopt such me-ins as may be deemed best for improving the revenue. Further it directs that tho colonial committee of the Free Church be Uianked forils^rrant of £50 towards the cur. cut expenses of the Mission. Mr. MiTCHEr.r, supplemented -liis previous statement iu un eloquent aud amusing address,' giving a vivid and interesting picture of tUo life of a missionary in the far north. The motion was carried. 