POOR MAN'S, ROMANCE, COUPLE rz STORY bv ' J. MONK FOSTER, Author ot "A. Pit Brow Lassio,"" Slaves of Fate," "A Orimson Fortuno,"1 &e.; CHAPTER I. Tm: Pooa Maims Ssudbed. In 0110 of tho largo liousos rvhioh nilorn ,iio_ of the flnpst streois in ono of Soothmd's husiost townB, a coupto of men rvoro seated in conversation some yours ago. One of them was Mr. Alexander Blair, tho rich woollon ... manufacturer. Ho was about, fifty years of . ago, . .was fat, common-looking, nnd his . success was writ largo iu liis every word and . gosture. . His companion was half his years, wns dark, finoly-huilt, and his strong and pnssionnto will wus revealed in his fine .eyes and powerful fuuo. This man wus David Loslio; aud wliilo tho older pulled away, ' impassively nt liis cigar, the youugor one spoke, warmly, appcalingly, long. . . Hero may bo set down somtiahof David ..'.Leslie's uutcccdents ns it is necessary tlio rendor should know. Ho was a poor man — earning his livelihood ns aolerk — although somo of tho best blood in Scotland ran in his . . ;,!voins, and his aristocratic rolutives might easily hiivo found' him somo snug appoint ment had ho not been too proud to ask tho slightest favour at thoir bands. Ho wus tbo .only son of a fatber who had squandered a considerable fortune, leaving liis wifo to din altnoBt 111 penury, nnd his son to fight iiurd for existence. It may bo nddod that Aloxuudor Blair, who wns u widower, had ono fair daughter, with whom David Leslio had fallen in tovo, nnd by whom lio was loved in raturn.' Ho was tlioro that ovotiing to toll his lovo to tho woollon merchant, uud to ask liim to sanction his wooing of Mildred Blair. Presently, Leslie ceased spcahing, and with 11 face somewhat puled by tho auxioty In his miud, ho awaited tho other's reply. There was a inomont's silence, uud thou tho elder miui spoke. " Tho thing is impossible, sir, utterly Impossible ! " Blnir exclaimed in a quick, emphatic tono as lio rose to liis feet. " Impossiblo ? " David Leslie echoed, unablo to utter might elso. "Yos, quite so, I assure you. You might ; as welllmvo asked 1110 to inako my woollen manufactories ovor to you, as to ask mo for ' ,. my daughter's hand. I can only oxpress my surnriso that you should have ventured to usk such a thing. Milly is too young yot to think of marrying anyone, and when she doos tnarry, her husband' must bo lior equal in every way. I am sorry to linvo to speak like this, but tho truth lmd bettor bo told at once." ' "And this is your flnitl answer? " Loslio domanded sullenly, as lio rose also. " Most certainly it is," Blair replied, "and I trust tho matter will end hero. I do not understand liow you wore induced to como bora on suoli un errand. I fool quite sure tbat Milly 1ms not given you rouson to bcliovo that sho was desirous of hocomiug your wifo." " You uvo mistnkon in thinking so," tho young man repliod hotly. " Milly loves me, nnd sho has promised to become my wifo so soon as you will permit lior to inurry mo." " She is fooling you, man !" oriod Alex ander Blair, testily. "Sho lias only been mnusing hersolf at your expense. Sho is not suoli a tool as to ruin lior wliolo lit'o by loving nnd niarryiiig u poor devil when a dozen rich men are half crazed about lior." ; "You wrong your daughter and insult ino by such expressions," again Leslio cried, hotly, " nnd you may yot regret tho tono you have thought fit to adopt in this interview. I will trouble you no longer. Good morn ing." "Stay a moment. What do yon moan to do ?" "Simply this. I love your daughter ; I am satisfied that sho loves 1110, and its tlioro seems to bo small chance of obtaining your consent to our ciigngcmcnt— not to speitk of our marriage — I may tnko it into my head to muko short work of all difficulties by marrying her irf defiance of you." "My duughter would novor disgrace her self by an olopement," the older man retorted witli a sneer, though tlio other's confident tono had filled his breast with some mis givings. "Tho disgraco will rost upon thoso who forco her into tho act," Leslio rejoined, speak ing mora calmly. " I don't beliovo that Milly enros a toBS for you ; and you grossly oxuggcrate your power over her. I um absolutely certain of that !" "Perhaps I do ; anyhow, I am not hero to discuss that. I have heard ull I euro to hear, and have suid all I wish to say." With thoso words David Leslie strode away, leaving Bluir to his rofioetions. . After pondoring a few minutes on what bad passed botwoou him and his lato visitor, Blnir rang the hell and ordered tho sorvaut to send liis daughter to him immediately ; and presently Mildred Blair entered tho room. She was a beautiful blonde of twenty or so, with a slight willowy figure, not ovor strong physically, hut possessed of a fino intelligence mid calm resolute character. Sho loved Dnvid Lesiio with nil her heart's strength, mid had long hiiice determined to marry 110 other man. Forthwith tlio father began to pour out a distorted version of his interview with Leslie, dilating on the insolence of liis clerk, and expressing himself as conlidoiit that 110 child nf his could ovor stoop to lovo such a follow. . Quietly Milly listoned until her father had dono ; then sho ouhnly avowed her lovo for Leslie, and intimated her intention to marry lum only. This called forth a storm of words from Blair, but dospito all his arguments, . entreaties) and cursos the girl remained stead- .fast to her lover ; and nt last tho woollon . inerohant begun to pcreeivo that Loslio hud in 110 wibo exaggerated his iiiflucnco over Mildred. Tins thought oaused Blair oxtromo uncasi- noss, and tho matter occupied iiim for nearly 1 all tlio rest of the day. CHAPTER II. Blair's PnorosAL. v . At noon tho day following Leslie received a letter, and on breaking it open he was sur- . prised to find thut his correspondent was Alexunder Blnir ; and lie was still mora „ ustonishod to lonrn from tho noto that the . v.. manufacturer desired him to call again that w .v ovonmg at tho mansion iu Moray place. .Wondering why Blair desired to soo him, Leslie repaired to tlio house, wlioro I10 found tho merolmnt awaiting him, boing received in -a ' tho most affable manner. "My dear sir," said Blair, in the frankest fashion possible, "I know you will forgivo y mo for being so unkind to you yesterday. I was not uwaro then that it was my daughter's deaiest wish, ns it uppeura to bo yours, that : you should bo engaged to each other. But I v spoke to Milly after you left me, and found thu such is tlio ouso. Well, if alio really loves a yoh I shall hiivo to withdraw, my opposition ' to your suit! I pannot do less, I suppose." <» 'Leslie murmured a few indistinot words in . endeavouring to thank tho othor, for lio was too muoli astounded by tho eomploto nnd , abrupt change in Blair's tactios to lio ablo to think olearly just then. , ' ' , "That's just it, Loslio," "Blair wont on. , : "I have no real objoetion to you if my girl . roully lovos yoh. But somobowgT liuvo an j < idea that this ,fanoy of Milly's will not last. Beoauso. I gnvo hor to undorstaud thut I . - should lie pleased if sho woro to ncoept ono or i . other of. tho good offers that _wore. at hor > disposul, sho was almost certain to sot hor < -heart in another direction out of. sheer 1 to.- nervarsenoss — at least that ih what I think ; ! but, of course, you think differently." "j/do!" Leslio retorted, very warmly. \- ' "you feol oertain that Milly'B attachment pilllastP" : 1 T "I am as/ oortain of it ns I am oertain of 'f--' toy thing! "I was Leslie's oonfidont answer. . . And ydu are willing that hor affeotiou — ' 'aid your own— shall bo put to tho proof? '/ ' >., "I am; -lam willing to submit to any s y,M;A <<Thon that is all I requiro. ; And.now I Vive '-a raggMUon .to make lnregurd to this nattor,'" , v.b y«ti shall objoot to nothing reasonable.". What. I havo to suggest is this. , As I, that Milly's lovo-vrhim will pass in a t eyjiyy-uiontlis' 'at -the longest— I . see yon are i.ilviK.irf'y yknJ'i, Vw-v'-j:''. smiling— I . wish you to boo nothing of enoh other for 11 ; year. : I >. thought also of stipu lating that 110 letters should pass botweon: yon for that period; but I am inclined now to forogo that condition -if you' nro willing to accopt tho other suggestion." ' "I nm quite willing," Loslio oned, warmly, " and I am oortiun thut, Milly will lio so too." "I must ha oortiun that no olandostiuo meetings can bo possiblo, and to otisuro that it will lio absolutely necossary that you loavo tlio country tor tlio timo niunad,". . , " I will go to any placo yoa lnay naino." "To America ovon?" Blair said, his oyos fixed dn tlio other's. " Even tlioro, if you prefer it, and nt ouco ; though lam luiraly prepared for so long a joui'iioy with tho nueertainty of obtaining employment whoil I got there?' "I will take cai'o that suitable work' is found you oil your arrival. A relative of mine who oarrios. on business in Now York will 110 doubt be iible to find you something similar to your present position. And if I can do anything for you in tho meantiino ill tho way of pcouniary help do not, I pray, saruplo lomnko uso of mo." Leslio expressed his deep obligation to Bluir, and tho latter wont on : "Tlioro is another matter I should liko to mention, Leslio. I think it will ba best if my daughter doos not know that youaro going to America at niy express wish. You may explain your departure in any other way you liko, und lot liar "understand that yon -will certainly return in a year's timo to alnim hor 11s your wifo, with my approval." Tlio hitter suggestion soemcd perfcatly rcuscmablo to Loslio, and ho agreed to not upon it. ""Milly will be surprised wliou slio hoars that youaro going to America," Biiid Blair, "and that I liavo changed my mind with respect to your suit. But," ho continued, with 11 dry ohueklo, "I shall lead her ''to believe that you liavo just obtained a valuable appointment in Now York, and. sho wijl jump nt oiico to tlio conclusion thattho ehnnga lias beon worked in mo owing to tho improvement in your prospects." Gome furtnor conversation ensued, hut ns it docs not. bear upon tho story, it need not bo sot down horo, and after seeing Milly for a few minutes, aud tolling hor of his con templated journoy to Amorioa, Leslio wont hoiuowurd 11 happy man, for his thoughts were all 11 year ahead, und in fanoy ho and the girl ho loved were dostined to be happy. CHATTER III. Blair's Lktter. Nino months had slipped away, and David Loslio folt qutto at homo in tho now country, wlioro ho now sojourned. Alexander Bluir had kept liis word, and his daughtov'a lover found immediate employ ment 011 liis arrival in New York. Tho work was not too arduous, it was fairly well paid, and Leslio wns nltogethor passing his year of probation voty comfortably. The lovers exchanged greetings once a mouth, and tho. letters from Scotland wore quite as warm in their professions of uffectiop as were thoso that loft Amorica. As yet no ovidonct; of diminishing lovo wns poreepliblo nil either side, and as each fresh letter brought him further proof of Mildred Blair's fidelity, David Leslie's lovo grow until it seemed to fill mid colour his whole existence. How ho smiled when he thought tlint Alexander Bluir had mistaken such affection as his .daughter cherished for him — Leslie — for a piissing fancy that a year's timo would dostroy. The days seemed to puss hut slowly to Loslie, for euoh 0110 was counted by him just as tho convict counts tho dtiyB that keep him from freedom. Another month passed, and with tho arrival ot' tlio mail steamer to-morrow, ho might expect his monthly letter from Milly. The morrow und the mail stoamor arrived in due course, but there was no lottor from Scotland. It wns tho first time Milly had failed in the mutter of hor correspondence, and Leslie wus cast down by the untoward occurrouce. But lie was himself again boforo ovonitig, think- that tlio next until would fcriug him tlio desired missivo. But three more days, a week, a fortnight oven, slipped past, and no letter cumo. Loslio was now enduring a great suspense, and tho passing of each day addod u now pang to liis agony. A thousand excuses woro invented to account for her uUonco,'.und simultaneously ho tortured himself by imagining every inuunor of iniquitous thing. Was hor silence duo to illness? Or was she beginning to tire of him? Or had Alexander Blair might to do with the matter ? Still tlio timo drifted on, nnd at Inst Loslio was forced to conoliido that Milly was false to liiin. Keen as wore the tortures ho wus onduriiig, I10 would have oudurcd others a thousandfold greutcr rather than liavo stooped to ask for an explanation. His indomitable pride would never permit him to break the silonco if she did not oaro to speak. Heartsick nigh unto death, ho bore liis ugony ns bravely as ho could, and at lust the suspense wus ended — the climax reuolied — Milly's strange silence explained. Ono morning a letter cumo. But what a letter it wus. Tho onvelopo wus rimmed with black, and liis heart loupt to his throat us lio recognised that it contained u incssugo of death. But who was dead — fnthor or daughter? Good God! if it woro Milly, ho felt I10 should dio, too. With slinking hands ho toro tho covor, and this was what lio found insido : — " My dear Leslio, "I liavo tho saddest, tho most terriblo news to tell you. As I write this, I um almost distraotod with grief, for my dear girl is dead. Yes, deiul ! It seems so strnngo that I can hardly believe it. .But God knows it is lint too truo. Sho ilicd suddenly, after a week's illness, and as wo never thought her condition dangerous, wo'did not appriso you of it. Wo woro staying at Strathgowuu when sho died, nnd alio is buried there. I send you tho Stratligowmi Observer, twiiioh ooutains un account of tho fuuoral. Goodbye, mid God grant that your sorrow may he loss than niiue. By tho timo this reaohos you I shall be abroad. — Yours faithfully, "Alex. Blair." "David Leslie, Esq." For a coitplo of seconds after reading tho lottor Leslio stood mule mid motionless. His faoo was livid as a dond man's, his hands wore olonchod, oyos nnd nostrils dilated, his whole form rigid. Then a low, lioarso wail sooinod to hurst from his very soul, tlio strong mmi'H form swayod liko a wind shulcon willow, and tho next instant ho foil rushing to the iloor senseless. CHAPTER IV. Back Again. " For many dnya David Loslio lay at death's very threshold. But at length tho raging fever spout itsolf, und ho wus a sano man again. His first act 011 recovering his ' seiiRes wus to ask for tho lottor and tho newspaper whioh aocompimiod it. Tho lottor whioh was found in his olenohed hand, and tho nowspapor addressed to him which lay on tho table, hud both . boon proscrvcd, and thoy woro nt onco givon to Loslio. Ho rend tlio blaok-rimmed missive once more, and then So took tho nowspapor nnd road therein tlio paragraph whicli gnvo an account of Mildred Blair's funeral. As soon us Loslio recovered his former strength and health ho left Now York, but he did not return to Scotland. Why should lio ? His lovo was dead and buried.- , ' Clasped nnd olothed in thp oloven olay, Out of tho world's way, out of tho light ;" and hor fathor was wandering abroad by this timo. Saaraoly knowing, and oertainly not. oaring wliitbor ho wont, Loslio made for. California, and thoro ho entered the "diggings." Ho. .must work to livo, and, in his present mood, tlio hnra, rough iifo of a digger suited him. David Leslie had now booomo a totally ohangod mun. Tho donth of . Mildred had tukon aU tlio light out of liis life, and ho liad grown into a moody, taoiturn bqjng, shunnod \- of ull his comrades. ' And booauso . I10 wus oaroless of rlohos, wealth literally poured upon And ho toilod on month after month till tho months grow , into years,, and at length fivo summers nnd winters had elapsed siuoo that day when lie reooived intolligonoo of tho docoaso or the only woman ho had ovor loved. Then suddenly ho was soizod with an ovor- pou oring desird to quit Amorioa and sot foot upon ins nutivo heather onoo more- Ho aotod upon tho impulse, and in a few duyB wub speednig away from California towards Now York. Three woeks lator ho wns walking tho familar streets of tho town ho had trod a poor man, Loslio had lost almost all interest in life and its varied pleasures, nnd ho did itbt oven tnko the trouble to look up atiy of his old friends. His dearest. wish — his only ono— wus to visit his Iovo'h last resting-place, whither he intended going on tho .morrow. . LoHlio wns staying at tho Royal Hotel, and ln tlio ovonmg he went out for. a stroll: It wus a fino summer night, and no lio loft tho hotel .entrance and wslkod nunlcssiy along tlio street, 11 baronoho drovo slowly past hun. Quite uasually Leslie lifted his oyos to tho carriage; und in. a moment um Heart soemcd turned to stone with fear. ; i The baruueho 'contained'' a lady and' a gentleman, and tlio formdr bore a striking resomblHiioo to Mildred Blnir, oiily she seemed much ohlor, paler, and sadder tlinn tho girl hp had wooed. , A policomnn was standing.- near, and Leslio asked him if I10 know the occupants ot the opon carringo. ' " ies, Bir," tho constable answored. " The gentleman is Sir Jiimos Fergusson, und tho lady is his wife." Thanking the man, Leslio walked 011, feel ing us if lie hud just soon Milly Blair's ghost.. Early next morning ho wns in tho pretty littlo toivu of Btrathgowan, which is situated on the coast a fow miles from Edinburgh, and wlioro fivo yours boforo Alexander Blair hnd a Huimuor residenco. Tho pliico wus not uiifiimilinr to Leslio, und in a little .whilo lio wns. sauntering through tho comotery among tho tombs. Coining up to tho sexton; who was busily oiigsgctl filling up a grave, ho asked tho mail if ho know where Miss. Mildred Blair was buried. . " Tlio sexton indicated a mnrblo column a small (listiiiico away, and tbithor Leslio proceeded with rovoront and faltering stop. Pausing' beside the gray- shaft lie road thereon : " Sacred 1 To tho Memory of Mildred, Only Daughter of Duncan Blnir. Leslio came to an abrupt slop. This was tlio gravo of somo other Milly Blair. Re tracing; his steps ho explained to tho soxtou that tho gravo lio desired to iiee was that of the daughter of Alexander Bluir, who formerly owned tiio lnimsc of thut name in tho town. ' ' " I kon tho leddy yo mean," tho man replied, "but yo'll 110 see hor gravo tho day, for sho's leoviu' un' married noo to Sir Jeemos Fergusson." Losiie rooled for a moment liko a driuikon man ; but by a great effort ho recovered himself, crying huskily : " Are you suro of this ? " , "Nae doot o' it," tho sexton rejoined, without ceasing to sliSvol iu tho 'eurbli. ' " And wlio was this woman who lies thoro?" " A pnir niece 0'. Blair's who cam' to ioovo at tho mtiiiso somo months ore slio docd." Leslie turned away, his brain in a pcrfoot whirl of wonder. Milly not dead, but liinrriod to another man I Good God! could it bo possiblo? Was ho mud or dreaming? Tho thing seemed utterly incradiblo ; und yet there was the testimony of tho sexton, tho words gravbn oil tho tomlistono, und hnd ho not already soon a woman, whoso likeness to liis lovo hud startled him so muoh, riding with Sir James Fergusson. And if it worn true, what did it moan? Who was responsible for tho falsehood ho had boon led to givo such utter oredonao to ? Was it merely a terriblo mistake, or snch hellish knavery us only a dovil could couceivo ? Snch thoughts as thoso rail riot in Loslio's mind, and presently out of his montal chaos thoro grew one clear resolution. Ho would know tho truth of it nil, anil at once. Soon ho was speeding back to tho town, having asoovtuiiioil that neithor Aloxandor Blnir nor his daughter woro staying at Strathgownn; and from a servant at tho manse, where ho hud got the information, ho had loarned that . Sir James , aud Lady Fergusson iivod at Randolph Crescent. On reaching tho town Leslie hailed a oab, and soon tho aristocratic quarter in which tho Fergussous lived was reached. It wns now a couple of hours after 110011, nnd lio thought it vPry probablo that he would find hor ladyship at homo. Nor wus ho mistaken. Giving his card to tho servant who answered tho door, ho was Bhortly aftorwurds informed that hor ladyship would soo liiin, and ho wus ut once shown into tho visitors' room. And -thou with fast- throbbing jmlso and a mind strnngoly confused ho awaited the nppournnco of tho woman for whom ho had" exiled hiniaoif. and whom lio still loved with un insuno intensity. Presently u, wcll-remeinbcrod faco and figure glided into tho room, and for a briof space thoro was un uttor silonco. Mildred had sunk into uu easy chair, her face white us dentil, her wholo frame betraying the greatest emotion. Luckily Sir James wus 110b ab home, no that thoir interview would not lio interrupted. For somo moments Leslie's black eyes f xod themselves on tho swoot pulo faco boforo liim, then with an ofl'ort ho niitniigcd to articulate, in a strange, harsh, hiiskv tono, "Your ladyship soeins surprised to soo ino?" . " I am," oamo tho answer in low tromulaus noconts, "for I thought you woro still abroad." "I only returned threo days ago. Can you guess why I oumo hack to Scotland ?" " J havo not tho lonst idea," she replied, more collected now. " I cumo with tho express purpose of visit ing your grave, " ho said, resolved to como ut ouco to tho point. "My grave?" sho orind, lior wide-open eyos attesting hor surprise. "Yos; I. liavo only just returned from tlio Strathgowuu comotery, where I found not your grave, as I expected, hut that of your ooiiain. After mourning fivo years for you un one dead, hat not lost to mo for over, I oamo bifilk to find you living and another mail's wife. AVIiy was I deceived so oruolty ? Who is responsible for tho infornul triok played upon ino ?" Tho lust, words rangont shrilly, for Leslie's passion had grown suddenly boyond control, und utterly broken down now, lio sunk into n chair. "Why did j-on think mo dead?" sho ex- olaimcd. " I do not undorstaud. Will you not explain?" For reply ho draw from ono of his inner lookota a pockot-book, and linudad to lior tlio otter ho lmd reeoivod from lior futhnr fivo yours ago. and with it was a puragraph out from tlio Strathgownn Observer. Sho took tho letter anil nowspapor extract from him, reading tho former first, and in a' moment tho whom truth flushed upon hor. Tho noxt instant sho foil forward in a swoon, lint 010 sho touched tiio floor Loslio caught lior 111 his arms, und laid her haoic iu tho deep chair. He did not ring for assistance, hut, ohnfing hor builds, awaited her recovory. At thia moment Loslio wns posscssod by two raging domon's: ono au overwhelming desire to regain tho woman ho laid boon robhod of, tho other a miul dosiro for vengeanoo on tho mail who lmd so basely deceived liim. I11 a little wliilo Mildred recovered, and instantly Leslio bogan to pour into hor ours tho talo of thoir wrongs and hia own suffer ing. Ho diluted 011 tho baseness of- the- not whioh had koxit thom apart, 011 tho wealth ho possessed, Mb own undying nffcotion for .her ; but ull hiB urgings woro in vain. Mildred rospootod lier liushund, though sho did not lovo him ; and evon for Leslie's sake, slio (litrod not faoo, tlio shumu und scandal of un olopomont. Again and aguin ho strove to induce hor to fly with him, to meet with a quiot but firm refusal euoh timo. At last, in a ponJition of frenzy, Loslie wont away, hut era ho took liis departure I10 took ' Mildred in hiB urms, despite lier rosistanoo, olnspod hor madly to his breast; ' covering lior faoo with burning kisses. Tiion be hurridd away, .and sho saw him no rnoro alive; Whoii slio noxt saw liim, he was fur boyond the reu'oli of hor prayers und teats, and she rogretted with oil lier soul that she lmd not listened to his impassioned entreaties and fled with him ubroud. But it was all too lato whon slio thought of such a proceeding. . . It was evening, nnd boforo one largo house in Moray plaeo a great crowd of exoited pooplo woro gathered, thoir glauoos flxod on ono of tho nulatlul rcsidonoes, whoroin j>. ter riblo tragedy had been played out Boarcely a oouplo of hours before. Aloxandor Bluir, the great woollon man; lmd boon murdered by an unknown gentle man, who, immediately afterwards, blow out lus brains with tlio sumo revolver that sont a bullet through Blair's head. ; ' Shortly uftnrwurds, tho door of the strange deed was identified as David Loslie, who' hud onoe beon in Blair's employment; hntsave I Lady Fergusson, no ono kueir why. her I father's lfe had beon tykou. , / ; ; 