THE DAY OF REST. THE ORGANIC UNION OF CHRISTENDOM. [By JOHN BLACKET.] We lira in a Utopian age—an age of ideals. In the social world private enterprise is to be no more. All instruments of production are to be brought under State control. Competition is to be swept away. Men are to no longer to work for masters or for their own special benefit. All are to work under the direction of a nebulous something called the State, and the interest of the unit is to be merged in the interest of the whole. No man is to own a piece of land. The State is to become possessor of the soil in a less honourable way than Joseph bought up the land of Egypt. A social millennium is to set in. Every man is to have enough and a little to spare, and there will be no want nor complaining in our streets. As Henry George says, in describing his ntopia—"Let imagination fill out the picture. The «sclesiastical world is astir. TjoVd Halifax, President of the English Church Union, has made certain overtures to Rome. The Soman Pontiff has issued a prayer to English Soman Catholics for the reunion of the Anglican Church with the Church of Borne. Proposals are on foot for the organic union of .Methodism. In America a committee of Nonconformist' ministers has laid various Union proposals before the Protestant Churches of the United States. In doing so they have in view—"The ultimate organic union of the whole visible body of Christ." Just as'' State ownership of all the instruments of producv''-' duofion" is the great socialistic ideal, so the . — ^ ,*»Q rgy B1j 0 Union of Christendom" is the ereat soclesiastical ideal- There ia something fascinating about so big an order as the " Organic Union of Cbristen- ; Bom." It is so in connection with all great ideals. Take, for example, the "NewAus- ' ^tralia" movement. The soul becomes intoxicated with the glamour of a thing, and there is at danger of sentiment running away with judgment. It is BO in connection with State . Socialism, and what is true of State Socialism is true of the " Organic Union of Christen- .doin." Idealism is largely born of sentimentalism, • - ftnd&m; idealistic age will be a sentimental one. 1 The present is such. We are to be accommodating—to display a charitable spirit. "Com- ^ptonuas" is tbe order of the day. In order to ' thetHXamc union of Methodism there must be "Compromise. To faring the Roman and ioui Churches together there must be compromise. To weld tbe whole of Christendom into one uniform visible corporation there must be compromise. We may ask in parsing whether permanent anions can be built on compromises? Are tiny not suggestive of the old couplet— A man convinced against his will Is of the same opinion still* It is oonviotion that both the Church and Che world want, not compromise. Let ns take care that chanty is not another wordfor pusillanimity. We nave.all read of the man of tender heart who put the halfirocen snake into his bosom. It is possible fit a to be too tender, too easy, too accommodating. In order to realize the sociological ideal there is to be a levelling down. The i- ; * liberty of the individual is to be sunk, and State.'fnHu6h practically means those adj p ministering the affairs of the State) is to be ' autocrine. There is a similar danger in the mail ration of the ecclesiastical ideaL In its interest we are to renounce our personal convictions. We are to give up liberties that our fathers secured by the sl]pdding of their blood. j&Z;' ?Already the leveuing-down process has begun. There are eome within the pale of the Be- . farmed Church who apparently regard the Beformation as at least a partial mistake. THREE DIVISIONS. i Christendom may be represented by three gre«,t Churches—the Greek. the Roman, and :. ths Reformed. By the Reformed Church we / ' mean all- bodies of Christians who have renounced doctrines and practices of the Greek \ and Soman Communions that have no founda- \- tion in the Word of God. The Reformed Church takes the Bible as the one foundation '' other faith and final Court of AppeaL > THS GEEEK AND BOHAN OHOBCHES. 3$e cleavage between these Churches is a very ancient one. From the beginning there , was a distinction between the two, but not a ; - division.' The Church uni verbal was known as the Eastern and Western, or Greek and . Latin Qmrohes. The ultimate division was the growth of many years, and was brought ' : -about, by a "variety of causes. When Con- ^%-«tahtii» the Great transferred the seat of< ^ government from Rome to Constantinople prestige was given to the Bishops of the two .^'-cities. The BiBhop of Some occupied a unique u^fK&tian; through the absence of Caesar. He g<"f;:®eowfflB the chief man of the capitaL The \- Bishop of Constantinople occupied a unique ' position through the presence of Caesar. The ; two bishops became pitted against each other. Mutual jealousies sprang up between them. An instance occurred at the Council of Chalcedon, A.D. 4SL It was declared that %ifae Bishop of.' Constantinople shonld have equal, rights with the Bishop of Rome. ' The ^ Bomfcn' Pontiff entered his protest, and un- ;W {auOoessfufly claimed sola supremacy. In these "H iffiatnal jealousies we may see the thin ' of the wedge tbat finally led, §,' with 'Same • doctrinal differences, to a rupture between the Eastern and • -Wostem Churches. This took place in the j jiinth oentury. The Bishop of Home exoommonicated the Patriarch of Constantinople, •ad the latter replied by excommunicating $he Bishop of Rome. In the 'direction of , reunion several abortive attempts have been jg&iMhi; The Greek Church regards the Pope ; as ah anti-Christian usurper, and the Roman Ojonh regards the Patriarch of Constanti- : '. : HOple as a schismatic. Soctrinally the two ^ Gbita^bBB hkre much in common. No two . i - ijhwohes are more alike. Yet the feelinfr ;3£| r1wtwaen tbe two is eo intense that in the (Jhoroh of the Nativity, at Bethlehem, a , llbtammedan soldier has to be stationed f^lte* keep the Greek and Roman monks from J JHL REFOFIILED CHCECH IN COXTBAST TO THE Vi&'i . CBKEK AMD BOMA.N. Jfb Amongst other things, the Reformed Church from the Greek and Roman over tbe ..Question of tradition. The Church of Rome ' ffe^fioWU "that in addition to the New Testament ma body of tradition has been handed 1 from the Ajwstolic age. It is put on a ^ rwith the Canonical writings. "l®ie teachihg of the Reformed Church is jjat "Holy Scripture containeth all things IttMeasary to salvation, so that whosoever is read" therein, nor may be proved thereby, JM not to bo required of any mac. that it sbanld be believed as an article of faith, or be lihought requisite or' necessary to salvation." This effectually closes the door against many dootrmem and practices, in both the Greek and Soman Communions, that have no foundation 3New Testament. Reformed Church differs from the ; and Soman Churches as to liberty of f, -T,ht, or the right of private judgment. 'The Greek Church has not prohibited the "ioaflinif of the Scriptures in the vernacular, traditions of the Church are against '"fogSfteiight.of private judgment. The Soman (%1-0«B». h«« prohibited the readinfc of the BMe ty the laity except under special conig '•diti&ns.; It will be seen that the organic union of \- Christendom means doctrinal changes on many points, and a revolution in the policy, et- polity, and practice of the Greek, Roman, and Reformed Churches. • Passing over the questions as to whether jk&fiBlioh; otgaoic union is probable or desirable m*>- • IS IT SBCESSAKT? 1 What advantage would result from it? This we fail to perceive. The theory of the Roman „ and of a section of the Reformed Church ' seems to be that the Church should be one in an EXTERNAL snnse; that there should be one mode of worship, one cod' of ecclesiastical r law, one method of government, and one .. visible hierarchy, acknowledging and obeying .MiB supreme visible head. In a word, the Church ia to be a vast corporation. This meohanipal conception is supposed to comport . with a New Testament ideal. A Roman Catholic theologian defines the Chnrch as "ombradng a visible head, visible men, an asternal profession of faith, sensible sacra- • meats, and a visible hierarchy." ' We affirm that if it were the will of God that the Church should be one in a mechanics, sense, observing the same mode of worship governed by the same law, under the domination of one supreme visible head, such would . • have been a matter of revelation. What are the facte of the case! We search the pages of the New Testament in vain for any such . conception. SBEBE IS SO FORit OF CHXJKOH OOVKBSVEST ' LAID DOWN QT THE FACES OF THE NEW "TESTAMENT. •. The constitution of the early Church, like {he political constitution of a country, was a ... growth. It was an evolution from the simple . to the more complex. It was the outcome of adaptation to circumstances. Circumstances vary, BO must ecclesiastical and political institutions. For any body of men to mark out an a priori constitution to which the ideas and practices of men in all ages were to oonform would be, in the last degree, irrational. It would be like an attempt to 1 fetter the ocean, or to imprison the lightning, •pre do not believe that the spirit of God would act in so mechanical a manner. In mere externals God _ allows room for the play . of individuality and changing circumstances. It is so in the natunil world. In every species, whether of animal or vegetable life, there is unity, but unity that is consistent with continuous variety. In the material organism, whether it be plant or animal. God allows room for the : jjlay of -individuality, and a changing en- Tironment. It is on this basis that Darwin has built his theory of evolution. Reason assumes that what is true of the natnral world •will be true of the spiritual world. What divine revelation proves. {See We carry our analogy, further. In the natural world, whilst the j organism changes in harmony with a changing ! environment, tho life, that is the cause of \ organization, is unchangeable. It is so in the spiritual world. The ecclesiastical organism, through which the truth is transmitted, is changeable. It adapto itself to changing circumstances, but the truth itself, as revealed in the Scriptures, ia the same from a^e to age. (1 Cor. xiii.. 4.6.) The rise and progress of Wcslevan Methodism illustrates the growth of Church organizations. The early Church was started on its soul-saving mission by a mighty outpouring of the Holy Spirit; so was the Wesleyan Methodist Church. The early Church, as the years rolled by, adapted its polity to changing circumstances ; so did the Wesleyan Methodist Church. The present polity of the Wesleyan Methodist Church is not the outcome of some a priori fixture in the pages of the New Testament {there is no such fixture); it is largely tho result of changing circumstances, and an effort on the part of wise men to adapt their polity to those circumstances. It must be so. Where there is life there may be adaptation. This is as true of the spiritual world as it is true of the natural world. Where there is no life there will be rigid uniformity. A painted flower is the same from age to age, but not a living one. We look in vain in the pages of the New Testament for the ecclesiastical idea that some hold so dear, viz., tbat of "a visible hierarchy, nnder a visible and supreme human head." There is only one Head of the Church revealed in the New Testament, and that is an invisible one—the Lord Jesus Christ. (Eph. i. 17-23; CoL i. 12-1S.) Much is sometimes made of a supposed primacy given to Peter; but Peter was never regarded in apostolic times as the head of the Church. Paul speaks of '"James, Peter, and John" as being "pillars"' in tho Church (Gal. ii. 9). He gives no primacy to Peter. In the presence of others Paul gave to Peter a merited rebuke. At the Council held in Jerusalem to consider the question of circumcision, Peter did not occupy the foremost place (Acts zv.). The appeal was made, not to Peter, but to all the Apostles. James was evidently first among equals. His decision was accepted by the Council. The decroe to the Gentiles was not sent in the name of Peter. "The Apostles, elders, and brethren send greeting,-' 1 &c.; (Acts xv. 23). Peter acted under orders—"Now when the Apostles which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the Word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John" (Acts viif. 14). There is not the ghost of a proof in the Sew Testament that Peter was the visible head of the Church. The earliest piece of Christian literature that has come down to us contains no reference to Peter's supposed primacy. We refer to the letter written by Clement, Bishop of Rome (A.D. 97), to the Christian Church at Corinth. That letter dealt with Church discipline. If Peter had any special authority—if he had ever been head of the Church, or had presided oyer the Church at Home—certainly a Roman Bishop ot the first century, on such a subject as Church discipline, would have quoted him. The only - reference to Peter in Clement's epistle is to his martyrdom. The Soman Bishop of the first century, an immediate successor of the Apostles, speaks in more glowing terms of Paul than of Peter. He says:—"Peter, through righteous envy, endured not one or two bnt numerous labours; and when he at last suffered martyrdom, departed to the place of glory due to him. . . . Paul also obtained the reward of patient endurance, after being seven times thrown into captivity, compelled to flee, and stoned. After preaching both in the east and the west, he gained the illustrious reputation due to his faith, having taught righteousness to the whole world, and come to tbe extreme limit of the west, and suffered martyrdom under the prefects. Thus was he removed from the world, and went into the holy place, having proved himself a striking example of patience." As far as the visibility of the early Church is concerned, it was more democratic than autocratic. I do not say that it was democratic in the modern sense of the word. " Not that we have lordship over your faith, butare helpers of your joy" (2 Corinthians i. 24) was the note of the apostolic Church. The polity of the apostolic Church was evidently of a very simple character. This is very evident from Justin's Apology to the Roman Emperor Antoninus Pius (A.D. 138—161). {To-be concluded next Keek.) 