HOE Cheek ! — Stop ! you must not take more than three of the dances. — He (nonchal antly) : Oh, very well — we will sit out the others. A Change of Opinion. — Singing Master : j Why you have no voice at all ! — Singer : j Weil, but I always pay for my lessons double | the amount usually paid by others. — Singing Master : Say that- again — your voice sounded much better, I thought. Bagged.' — Counsel : Then, my lord, there is the question of the bags ; whether they were full or half-full, or empty bags. — J udge ; Or wind-hags ! Masks of Respect- — ' What on earth are those gasheB Snarler's got on his face P' — — ' Oh, those are marks of respect.' — 'Marks of respect ! What do yon mean ?'— Why, he's got more respeot now for the man who put them there.' Bought It ! — He : What have you got in the box ? — She : Something you want !— He : What is that P — She : Good manners. 'The Missis' Would Oblige.— Philan thropist : I'm sorry to see you in this condi tion, Parker. I'm afraid you'll miss the lec ture to-night.— Parkor : Oh no, I shan't. I'm goin' — shtraightome. He : I've noticed one thing abont widow's weeds. — She : What is it P — He : They seldom interfere with the growth of orange blossoms on the same soil. Mixed. — Sandhurst: Did you hear that Roberts had lost an eye playing polo? — Hazard: Serve him right. Why didn't he stick to billiards ? Doing Time. — 'Say, Mrs. Murphy, is yer 'usband doin' anything now? — Fes, time.' At Windsob. — American Traveller (to waiter at the Blue Stag) : Say, is it true that you've got a real live ghost here ? — Waiter : Yessir. Believed to be either Cardinal Garnet Wolseley, 'Erne the 'Untsman, Queen Elizabeth, or the late King of the Belgians. American Traveller : Thanks. Send for the local reperter, if off duty iu any one capacity. He : Didn't you promise to love, honour, and obey me ? — She : Heaven only knows what I promised 1 I was listening to hear what you promised. She Knew Best.— Prima Donna : Those flowers are not for me.— Conductor : Yes, they are.— Prima Donna : Well they're not the ones I paid for. Wkheleb (at boarding recuse table): I should 'like another bit of thaif 'steak, please. Mrs. Skinner (surprised) :'!i A 'second piece, Mr. Wheeler ? Wheeler (apologetically) : Yes : I want" it to mend my cycle tyre. Ibony. — Vendor of ' Speshuls' (to old gent, who has ' come down' on the slippery cross ing) : Thai's right, sir, take a seat where you like, and make yourself at home. No ceremony, I beg ! "abuts. — Old Lady:. I'm afraid your story of sudden bereavement by your wife's death a fortnight ago and your children's illness is not quite the truth. Tramp (hurt) : Not true 1 Look 'o 'ere, lady, I've biu in this unfort'nate persition for more nor five year, and 'avo said the same thing 'undreds of times, and you're the fust as ever doubted my word afore 1 Why Teey Nevkb Spokk Again.— (Supper time at her ladyship's bal poudre.) Captain Tredeger : 'Pon my word, you look awfully well in poudre, Miss Brilliant. Miss B. : I'm afraid you're a sad flatterer, Cap tain. Captain T. (anxious to prove himself genuine) : Oh, well, I suppose it would have to be a very plain being indeed that did uct look well in suoh gorgeous attire. 