a. The Light That Cast no Shndow. Curious stories are told about the powers pos. eessed by certain natives of India-, who live up among the . Himalaya mountains. These old men, it in said, have devfited scores of years to , the study of natural laws nno lorceo, which me rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited tlie ' adepts,' as these queer Hindus are. called, for the purpose of find ing O'lt the secret of their remarkuble perform ances. They treated hi in rather scurvily, but- interested him all the same. One day the pro fessor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An. adept went with him ; to a cave wherein the b.oeks.ivcre kept. Hie place was dark as the bottom of a well. ' 1 can't see to rend here,' said -the visitor; ' Then we will have some light,' was tha, re ply, and immediately (tlie pro.feeeor say's) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it, came'; but' lie noticed that it had one strange quality— /A cast' Hot the slightest 8hddoio. < _ . This is a story hard to believe, yet its.fr.Hlli is affirmed by' a man of vast' learning and high: character, and yqu;who now read it have no rea«; eon fur duubt except -that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows, b Belief or unbelief commonly riiris parallel witli' pne's o'wn experi ence. Dr." Johnson sniffed at :tlie: account of the Lisbon earthquake, yefc credited tLe tale of the Cock L'nne ghost. A man wlio tins been ill for yesfbj_and failed to fx (id a cure.Ts sceptical wlieir-frienda tell liiin of n 'hedicine'.-.wjiich tiiey believe will make him well. What else bill-doubt couid result from his experience ? - Take ail example : — Injhe spring of 1888,' writes our correspon dent, ' I fell iiito a low, weak, and languid statu- I fell low- spirited and out of sorts. Ai first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and aftereating 1 had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently ppat up a sonr fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, hut always lin/4 n oonoa nf iBnnnifnrf Hff nnrl rati T on n tinned in this way for two years, liothing that I took relieving me. Al last 1 heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doseB I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually. all nervousness left me. Although 1 had no reason at first to feel any confidence hi this medicine, never having used it.:.or seeo it used, I now gladly admit ita value, and its power over disease. Since iny re- uovcry, for which I thank Mother Sejgel's Cura- tivo Syrup, I liave been in the best Tf health and1 spirits. Ih llie. interests of-lstiffecing humanity I-deetn.it._a dtify t.o;.setid .yotr : this -testimony. ($ifd):;b..<.GrilBtli tailor'inpd outfitter, 151, Hockley. Hill.Birtninghnin.J une 8th,: 1893. ' There js ,a .deal .of - difference -between Mr. Gnffiiii's candid jet ter and the story, qhnut the' I iglit _'t liaf qssl' jio sh ndo w. The J a. tier tnay be: tfhe'ehbiigh, but it caiiiiot lie verified .without more trouble than it is wdrtlL 'Oil the other .hand we have a trustworthy witness,, .who will answer lettersr.oL-inquiry, arid can' bfe : found at his address. Finally, there\is:RoIhihg .nfetfo-:. orf;.magii>al'' about M o t h e r Sei g e I e C ii r a t.ive _ Syr u p. aIt ayta on' t lie llreoi-y tiia t ' most a il.inent's fife. .tin t ay mp- tonBT.formB. dr ;ph_neeB of, ihnt. Hi)iy;ersaI : disease -Alndigestioh, and dysperofa.:- it cures i.hnt and throws the light, of health ami happiness over hearths ami homes where illness and pain havo- cast such dark and " terrifying shadows. And thatjs why people believe all that is told of its success by eagfer witnesses. 