CHAPTER XX. SHE IS UP AND GONE, THE GRACEFUL GIRL. —HOOD. It was breaking day when I fell asleep, tired out and sick at heart. I slept soundly until just in time to dress hurriedly for breakfast. Willie must have made a hurried and noiseless toilette, as there was nothing of her to be seen, nor did we meet until breakfast, she having gone down before me. Talking earnestly to her, was a man whose face was very familiar to me, and, before I reached my seat at the table, I had recognised him as Mr. Green, who had been manager of the company at ' Lyceum.'' We exchanged friendly greetings and when he complimented me on Willie's blooming appearance, she smiled at me contentedly, uncon- scious evidently of being discovered in deceit. As I ate my breakfast, I tried to think that some explanation must be forthcoming; that she had gone with Mrs. Elder and would tell me of it herself. She looked so young and innocent, it was hard to credit her with such double-dealing. As she and Mr. Green talked ' theatre' the whole time, beyond an occasional word, I did not join in the conversation. Things theatrical, were very quiet I gathered, and he was forming a company to visit 'Frisco.' ' The drama this time,' he said, with a wry face, as if to say that opera bouffe had not been a financial success. Willie's face was a study, as she listened to him. She forgot her breakfast, in her interest. At heart, she belonged to the profession. ' The difficulty is getting a really good juvenile lead,' he said, with a laughing glance at us. ' If there is a promising actress, with a fine stage ap- pearance, some young man carries her on to marry her.' Willie drew a deep breath and nodded her head despondently in sympathetic coincidence with this. 'I've got Hattie Vere as the Juvenile lead,' went on Mr. Green. 'She would do very well, if she did not think good looks are all that is necessary for the stage. The other women are very little good. Harry Beauchamp is 'Star.' ' 'Beauchamp,' is very good, said Wille. ' He played a round of charac- ters when I was first at the Lyceum.' When we rose from the table, I told Willie I wanted to speak to her for a few moments. so I followed her into our sitting room. She looked at me keenly, yet furtively, all the laughter and mer- riment gone from her face. ' I know its something horrid, from your face, Jerry,' she said pettishly. 'Be quick please and get it over, what now !' 'Where did you go last night,' I asked her. 'Go,' she repeated staring at me sullenly. 'Nowhere, I was with Mrs. Elder all the evening, learning knit- ting.' I looked at her in disgust, at her falsehood, and under my eyes, her own fell, and she glanced restlessly about the room, as if anxious to escape. 'And you put flowers and diamonds in your hair Willie, and took your opera glasses, and brought back a programme of the evening's entertainment, did you ?' I said coldly. She coloured up and darted a furious glance at me. 'Oh, you were spying were you !' through her clenched teeth. 'Pretended you were going to the club and watched me instead.' ' Now, Willie, for your own sake,' I cried, ' Answer my question truthfully this time.' ' Where did you go last evening ?' ' If you know,' she said with a pre- tence of indifference, ' What is the use of asking ?' 'Answer me,' I replied steadily. ' Where did you go ?' 'Take my ad- vice, now, and speak the truth, for I am in no mood to bear with any more lying or deceit.' We looked at one another after this, with the cold gaze of antagonists meas- uring swords. 'I went to the theatre, she answered at last. ' Who with !' 'Mr. Vanderbilt.' I burst into a bitter laugh that had no joy in it. ` I thought so.' ' How did you know !' she asked calmly. ' I found the play-bill, saw the gas burning high, and you in bed pretend- ing to be asleep, with your hair untaken down, and diamonds in it. It made me suspect.' The ghost of a smile played round her mouth but was instantly and sternly sent back to the shades. But she showed no sorrow or embar- rassment. 'Well you know now,' she said defiantly. ' Now scold away, but don't be longer than you can help.' Thus saying she seated herself at the table, put her elbows on it, and cushioned her chin in the palm of her hands watching me all the while with no friendly air. 'I have no intention of even remon- strating with you,' I said coldly. ' I have learned its uselessness, you are too heartless, too ungrateful, too brazen, to be touched by anything, I might say! but the next time you deceive me so, will be the last. So take warning, Willie.' 'You make as much fuss as if I had murdered somebody,' she said passion- ately. ' Where is the harm !' 'I don't mean to argue with you,' I said. 'Very likely our ideas of right and wrong differ ; but remember, don't de- ceive me again.' 'Oh, I wish I had never married you,' she cried, springing up from her seat and facing me, with flashing eyes and quivering lips. 'I could say 'Amen' to that,' I replied. 'You never loved me,' she answered flinging this accusation at me with a tragic air, 'You never loved me.' 'But I did care for you at first,' I answered coldly. ' I have made you a good husband, Willie ; done all I could for you, given you everything I could, taken you anywhere you wished to go, and the reward is, you deceive me as much as you can. ' Care for me' she cried, ' When from the very first it was ' don't do this.' 'don't do that.' ' You must not say this,' ' you must not say that,' till my very life was a misery to me. You were always watching me to find fault with me.' ' I could not help that,' I replied bitterly, ' when you were eternally committing some solicism that made us objects of remark. Blowing on your soup to cool it, putting your tea in your saucer, eating cheese with your knife, and so forth.' (TO BE CONTINUED.) 