POLITICS AND PERSONS ELECTIONEERING NOTES. ' A general election, should not be decided so much upon what has been done in past sessions as upon what the parties propose to do in future sessions.' — Albany Adver tiser. Maori Sarcasm. — I wish to ex press my gratitude to the Govern ment for having proposed to lease our lands for only 999 years, when it might make jt even 1,000 years ; and this is why I feel very grateful to those hon. gentlemen for the only concession which they have made to us. — Mr. Taipua (New Zealand House of Representatives). ' I will loyally support Sir John, if elected, as long as he continues the far-seeing leader he is at pre sent, and thus secure for Geraldton our fair share of the loaves and fishes.'— H. A. Spalding (Gerald ton). ' There will be a host of candi dates in all parts of the colony at the coming election who will dub themselves neither Ministerial nor Opposition, but Independent. We have had experience in plenty as to what that signifies. The self proclaimed ' independent ' member is generally a contemptible crawl *ome creature, who has no fixed political opinions, and no prin ciples, and who is ready at a moment's notice to sell him self to any person in power. An honest Ministerialist or Oppositionist any fair-minded man can at least re spect, but the monstrosity who labels himself ' independent ' in order to fool the crowd and secure the votes of all parties is one of those baleful elements of political life that should be rubbed out of existence without hesitation and without remorse. God save the country from the man who paints on his political banner, ' I am an independent member!' ' — Geraldton Express. ' It is premature for candidates to announce that they are for or against the Government ?when neither the Government nor the Opposition policy is known. It is to be hoped, there! ( iv, that the Premier will make up his mind without delay as to what his work is to be in the future and announce it. If he delays much longer there is a danger that both electors and candidate* will have committed themselves to opposition to his Government, who with his policy before them would remain loyal.' Albany Advertiser. ' People are no longer asked to nominate because they are wise or influential or experienced or trusted or eloquent — but because it is hoped that they will be able to wring something out of the Pre mier. It was probably some 6uch idea as this which induced the Central Province to return Mr. R. S. Haynes to the Legislative Council.'— A correspondent in the Gt-raldion Express. A sample of Maori eloquence and political sagacity : — Mr. Ta whai : I rise to express my ideas on the motion before the House. During the last few days the Opposition has declared that I belong to its ranks, and the Gov ernment a'.soelainismeas belonging to it ; but I maintain that I belong to myself, ani I will now explain my ideas. The Govern ment has introduced bills into the House for tbe express purpose of taxing Native lands. How can I support this Government r Should I be expected to sharpen the sword which is to cut the tEroat of my own people — the Maori people r' The outworn rite, tbe old abuse : The pious fraud transparent grown, The good held captive in the use Of wroi:g alone. There wait their doom from that great law. Which makes a past time serve to-day, A fresher life the world shall draw From their decay. Oh, backward looking son of timm I The new is old, the old is new, The cycle of a change sublime Still sweeping through. — Whittier. ' Tbe goldfields do not need to be represented b\ men who aim at advancing their own ends, irrespec tive of those of the colony generally, or who propose to further the interests of any one class alone. There are men who have announced themselves for various constitu encies who have, as yet, failed to give the ghost of an idea as to their views — that is, if they possess any, which is often doubtful. In some cases they are utterly unknown m local public life, and they appear to have no more claim for support than the candidate in the well known comic opera : — As for principles I glory To have nothing of the sort I'm neither Whig nor Tory, I'm a candidate, in short. Intending claimants for Parlia mentary honors cannot too early remove from themselves the stigma of being candidates of this stamp. Every man who asks his fellow elector* to send him to tbe Assem bly as their representative should have clearly defined political views, which he should have no hesitancy to express.' — Kalgnorlie Miner. ** An Opposition — to be effica cious — must be made of sterner stuff than the members for Albany or the Gaacoyne. and the ntaterials of which such an Opposition may be composed are not likely to be lacking when the election returns come in. Given the party to lead, there should be little difficulty in finding th« leader.' — QeraMton Express, February 19. -j 'Mr. Simpson, who alone as sisted the late member for Nannine to expose the folly and defects of the Coolgardie Water Supply Bill in the House of Assembly, is at present out of the colony, and we have no means of knowing whether he will even present himself as a candidate for re-election.' — Gerald- ton Express, February 19. ' Mr. Piesse will have a walk over for the Williams and so prob ably will Mr. Hassell for Plantage net, while at present Mr. Leake is the only candidate lor Albany. It would be a good thing if the three constituencies were represented on the tame side of the House, s* that this part of the colony would be a real force in Parliament ; and if possible Albany should also be represented by a local man. It will have been observed that Mr. Rason travelled all the way from Guildford to Mount Magnet to address the electors, only to have a resolution passed by them to the effect that he was not a fit and proper man to represent the constituency for the reason that he was not a. local man. It would be a good thing if more constituencies took the same course, for already there are too many Perth and Fre mantle men holding country seats.' — Albany Advertiser. ' There isonly one line of statistics in which Victoria shows any supremacy over New South Wales in regard to giving employment. Working on textile fabrics, dress and fibrous articles, we have only 25,000 operatives in New South Wales. You have 37,000 in Vic toria. There is the oae big robust prod act of protection. Your women are forced into this over stocked occupation from sheer want and necessity. Young Victorian women are driven so to compete with one another that the wages of thousands in this very remunera tive occupation range from 5d. to 5s. a week. Read the report of the chief inspector of factories, and you will find that women left without their husbands, to support families, work 12, 14, and 16 hours a day for 6s. and 7s. a week. Talk of protecting Victorians from the competition of pauper and prison labor in Europe '. You have pauper labor behind your protec tionist barricades.' (Cheers). — The Premier of New South Wales at the Melbourne banquet. Feb ruary 10. 