[?] CHAPTER XL.— (Continued.) Miriam took from her dresa-puckeb this lotter and ? telegram which bIid had that morning received '? Irom Lady Soufchfield, aud laid them in hia hands, ' ?? merely remarking: ;; 'Bead I' He opened tneni- on« nhet the other, carefully ana deliberately, wnilo she paced the carpet, with , ' the taovementH of an enraged lioneea. ' e \J.ell? 9l)0 demanded, pausing suddenly be rore him, and euarching his £aco with her glitter ? ing orbs. ' Well P Dooa this urouao within you one spark of your boasted nutulinusaf Da you know what Fwould do if I were a man, and prittuiisad to care for thia girl ?' And nho bent low until her hot breath fnuriiid his oheekliki a blaBtot flre, and her words tinglod hm cars. ' Do you know what I would do? If I could not beat him until he was almost dead at my four,, I would ahoofc bim with ub . littlo compunction bb £ would a mud dog! Due, no! Your cloth precludes iu. Your holy culliu« torbida your vary manhood. If the woman you love— or think that you love— were inHUlted bmore your vary ey,'B, you would only piously Bbiiko your head, and cull upon Hunven to avenue your wrongs!' Ho jumped to his feet, and started for the door. ' Scop !' Bho oiiiid. ' What is your madneeB / now ?' *. jihvo nun enougu ot your tauntB,' ho said. I go tD eoek Hatherly now. I feel th it I have acted the part of a contemptible coward. But, wait!' She stood in hia way, saving : ' No ; I have sworn that I will [horsewhip the Bcaundrel with my own hands. He suspects nothing, and has appointed to meet me at Santley Castlo this afternoon ar. five o'clock, The poltroou . shall cry for moroy ! Did I not tell you whac he w«s ?, Did I not warn you P Ha : I see that you are angry now j but will your courage laatP It is pos . Bible that Mr. Oynl Hathorly will strike back at '?' ?8j X ftm but a weak woman. Will you bo afc hand to flniBh his chastisement P' She glanced at him with a scorn that maddened him. Had ho been so mean and contemptible uh : thiap 'Tour grace,' he whispered hoarsely, ' I will . be there ! Will you grant me the favour of leaving him entirely to me P Oh, Natalie, Natalie, my fl flfl I fi I* U/fon Ai A T H/ii linn,, ,„««,, - ,»,...„„,»,» I I i ? Groat God ! my brain is on fire ! I am going mud f ^ - There ia a red mist before my eyeB. Let me be s ffone.' [ ' No ; Mr. Pembroae, I intend keeping you to [ , your word.. You ahull not go rushing through the ; ' street proclaiming your bravery and your ven i . gennce. . You, must lunch here, and at three I o'clook wo will leave the Hall quietly— wo will leave the hall to meet Mr. Oyril Hatherly. Tell i - me that you agre« to thia ? See, my head is cool, |f i i my hands are steady, and you — pshaw I You 1 1' - tremble like a leaf. You would warn him of what ) he does not suspect. He would fly, and there would , * 'he no redreBB. Think of it— the story of his flogging ,. will ring through the press of all England ! It will {{ bo. the bitterest punishment that it is possible to j inflict. He will be jeered at everywhere Hia life j . will bo a misery to him | he will fly the oountry, or 1 , ? ^but hiniBelf within the walls of hi« gloomy old \- Briory. . And Lady Nutalio Neville shull be given j! up to ub, ay, oven ut the pistol's point ! He has a ? desperate wpnian to deal with — a woman who fights for the honor of her sex — a woman who punishes i SllbortineB I' . . ' ? , ' ? Her bosom heaved convulsively j her groat blaok oyea dilated, and the word* ruahud from her ruby 1 i i lips in a torrent, that stirred the heart of the young 1 -vioar to ita very depths. i ' ' You shall guide me,' he said. ' Oh ! Natalio, i ??my darling, why did I lot go away 1' n ? . , . . CHAPTER XIiI. ,'rUK VICAu's ORISID. [ * Oyril Hntherly.wns one of the moBt unsuspecting i' ?'Ot-htun,. , ? Ho. did not dream of dnniter when be i ' Htarted fnr.Santluy OnstU), far hir. 'Ktsoutid meeting i |, with the fulou Puoheus (if Litkewood, ? .- 'Oncp huforo be had remembered Jolm Winfiold's ', !l /warning, but now it had totally escaped his woro { }j /f ory..-',His prinoipal thoughts wero in connection ' i\ . i' with^/tho ugly task before him. Ho was quite , ft /? roaolved thaj: ho would know what had beaomo of j] / Lady. Natalie, or put the whole case in the bands of Jl * 'tbo police. A TMngo had reached, Bunh a stage that Ifc seemed impossible' to avoid ,u full and oompleto oxposure, ; ,ji f tinlnsstha duohnuR ppolto tha truth to save hor own I, Jl _ i nook. . ; I '\ iHe, reached the. courtyard in good time,, and i - watched two boya playing with ii ball until a \- j ^quarter punt flvu. Thuy naked him the time, so ,' t thnb hu wan nob mistaken, mid whun thoy beard '){! 'that.it wap'Oo late, they tliunkad him and started ,' j 'Off at a,run. . (He began, to. puce about a littlo impatiently whon | 'i ' Miriam appeared us Bilently as a ghost from the M . lintorior of -m:u of the rooms of the oastl«. i ' ''I did. notiobservo your approach,' ho remarked. \ ,'[! t ''f'Oh, tltero nro oo many ways for- those whi , - l.l ilrnow the plnoc,'' nbo said. '- iHavo you been wait j, ilntf longP' ' J ''r*No,' ho rap Ii I'd, shortly. ' J 'I ' Ho did ,no-; quite understand tho rod flush upon j (»l ( ihor oheoko, nnd.tho-^littor in har oyos. ,' ?' '*You are, ftlocoP1' ho que«tioned, looking about ' Ihim. '.| ' ^Ycp, ,,jny muioi ankod «ae ,.nom«- a*vkward I* i \ -juof)tionn yustwdny. I have eomnthing for you to I i ' Toad from Lady Natalia, nnd wo .had batter not , j ', eta-nd'in «4ho oputi courtyard, DWie old place will .'V ? d0:' ? :. -. ? iiie-rdliowed noivRicouanioniiy, iv was a groat i ^ i roliaf to.lcnow thnt *liern wa« nmrs ofvNatalie- Yen, f * ' ( if it wflre.'fcruoi.tho. woman could go freo at onpe, and | - ,? . ho wouldibo Kltidat.it. , 1 I I', , Aflfioon nnthey w,orain thoflliambaivo/u the btiBiof ! th« OMitilc 'J.'cwt-r,..el)C Jinndfld Jiiiu 'tba telegram k|| ,' wbioh JJady SoutbfleliJ had forwarded. ' '?! At flrnt'liMVoad eagorly j then bin faco beonmo ^ ', wbitn W'ith pjtKsion. . hi , ,i , «« Do you'.tlvink tihwfc t am to bi- dooeivi«ai-y suoVi :'i ! \i ohild'spfay aa'diisP'. he dnmandfld, savagely. It I'1 ? I - i is a oonc(-fltion-of .yqur own, I saw you.goiiii? to ii\/{ i ? tiakowood'HtftWcn to senA.ilils to Lady fimwthflold, , i' ' Mil tin mo, F liuyo.dono wlfcli you, and will nhow you I 'i ?/ ' no moroy.' ' ' , ' u; i i1 Slin uttfirarf M-,fl5irill Hernaen, ', ' W,, I (' ' Scoundrel, !'fUi« orlnd. 'Llbartino! Tftjtp tlw, in i puniuhmnnli ynu .dnsorve from tho hanfln ,of un ,' 'I '', ftnitry wotnanl' ',' . ' i ','? fU' 8ho hud plualcmf « ..whip from under the ]ja-slrot ,k [I J ' ,alio wore, find nlaahttd him iiaraofl tho fnoe with tho I1'/ ''? 'fury of a domnu. ? . '( |{ |( H(i rnlflnd IiIb JiniidR ro protoot his cyfip, and vraa h '/ oonsoious of the iipponrnnou of a man. , ' flowari' I' Hiirc-iiuiQtl -t!io .fluohi'ss,' ' JiQ hft« -n !, knife— he lmn nUbbndf me I Hore is n pistol. Da i ' fond yourwilf I' ' , She Mi runt a rnvolvni* luko fclio hnndn of the fn-| 1 , furlfitod young vicar, atid.it oxplodaiS an ho touohed : 'W it ' .' . ? ' ? ' IIo renlnd undor the nlinoV, whllo Cyril Huthorly \\*' foil to ,.i,|ic onrMi, th? b)ood rushing 4n a atream ' fpnm Kin Infh nMn. 'it |' 'Througli l;ho honrbl' tho- duohi-.fl(i,orlod, bys ''. turlbnlly, ' Mr. PumbtoBo, you have .Wllud him. ', ' Hn Is 'dond 1'.- ,i,' Shb rupliily oniptlt'fl li(« paekotfl whllo fcbo, ylour i, lnoknd nn daiiud and helpless, At last bo rounort 1 ; hlmaolP. ' I ?, 'I.iim Rolnitj' ho hi»I(1, 'I om going to glvn , ' tnysolf uplo'tho pollool' ,i 'Are, you u'ltnrly umd I' she domandad,. 'If '! you havo no (WMnldfriitlon for jonrnoiP, lit loant ' 'r , hnvo ft lltkln for mo I Lnt ifc root 'until to-morroiv, 4 l Thinlr wull over it. Your oonHolonon ought not to ii\'i ruproiidii yoii, Attlio worsli,)b wn« butan ficotdin1^ ''i'i -nnd a DominilrnllB whII punlBbod,' i1' F 'I will kocp qulut' antil to-morrow,' lie n«roon{ '\ ' 'for your nakn— only for your Hokoi th«n I ahnll. BlVO mydOU Up. JJUU 1« unuun lur uiu, «-**» iritn my onomy, and I havo killed him,, I did tint moan to do bo, and it must bo Hoavnn'fl jtmtlon. Hnavon'ii will bq dono I You nobd not bo aonneofwd with in ? in any way. No nnn Imn.Boca ur togoMipr, nnd I . ' will lonvo thunnmii wnylonni' ImunhsooNntallo onoo, ftmUhonnUlHOwr..-* ?,* * Dub nro yon '- ' nob w'outidHcl P You worn stubbed P' i 'No'j it wua my fanoyj IvrnaaofrlBufcanod. Qo ,', ' i nowi'rthd lot mo ano you to-morrow, JJTotn word or 'i1' p slgii to a living ooul I' % . . Hu nodded dumbly, and strode away. He looked back oncn, as she disappeared like a black shadow among the ruins. Did her suspect her at laat ? The next morning Mutant searched the newa pupei diligently for news of (Jyril Hatherly. There was not an item, and she supposed that the- body had not been discovered. It might lie under the tower until it waa past all recognition. She heart ily hoped tbat it would. - ' I almost wioh that I hod undertaken the task alone,' she thought, ' but I believed that tho vicar would have agreed to drop the body in the well behind tbe tower, There it would never have been found, but I could not do it unaided.' Tbe duke was latu for breakfast, but he sur prised Miriam by appearing ia a rough walking drees. ' I havo been out for a stroll,' he explained, ' Natalie's absence worries me, and it will have to be inquired into. Poor little girl j she must be terribly upeot to run away frum home in this fashion. Do you know, Miriam,' and hiB brow grew dark, ' Do you know that I half suspect Cyril Hatheily with having a hand in this P The coachman tells me that he left the inn yesterday in a auspicious manner, and has not returned. And yet I find it difficult to believe,' There was a moody frown on his brow ; she had nevpr Keen him bo irritable before. ' While wo are on our honeymoon, darling,' ho SHid, presently, ' I intend having the unoccupied part of the house thoroughly overhauled, despite tbe absurd predictions which my ancestors believed in eo implicitly. The duchess was startled, , ' Is this a sudden inspiration,' she asked him, ' Yes, Miriam j it occurred tome not an hour ago. I was walking round the crumbling walls when two 'great Btonoa fell from the tower. If one of those bad struck my darling, it would perhaps havo killed her. I have sent to Lakewood for an arohiteot, or some stormy day the place will come rattling down abouc our ears,' ?f Why did you do tbw, Brandon, ? without first discussing it with me P' she asked. '? I specially wished you to take me for a drive to-day. ' I am suffering from nervous prostration.' ' My dear love/' he replied, quickly,1 'I think tbat I must be selfish j but thin need not interfero with your drive. The architect; will merely look round and make his report to me.' ' No j his innpeotion iiiunt bn deferred until to morrow. I hate the thought of strangers wander ing about the house when there is no one, to watch them.' ' Ho thought that the objection was a little bit unreasonable, but he did not Bay so. \- ' It shall be as you dnaire, darling,' he told her. ' I will send the architect away when 'ho cornea. To-morrow will do equally an well, of course.' (To be continued.) 