MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. Another Chinese giant has been discovered. Like his predecessor, his name is Cliang, and he lives at Yunan Foo, in China, where two cycling tourists from the West-Mr and Mrs H. D. Mcllwraith - came across him recently. Chang is 7ft 9in high. A Philadelphia paper says that the latest. theatrical novelty comes from Chicago, where a manager stages a sausage mnac:hine in full blast. The hog appears on the stage alive, a, d departs in the form of sausages, distributed among the audience as " souve nirs." At the Collingwood (Melbourne) Police Court recently two women, who had been arrested for having used bad language, played a unique trick on the magistrates. They had been locked up all night in the cells (says the Melbourne Aryus). They were taken into court, and as soon as the magistrates had taken their seats one let down all her clothes, while the other partly undressed. The principal offender was sen tenced to six months' imprisonment, and the other to three. While they were in the cells they arranged their garments so eas to give tile Court a surprise. Their character does not need to be specified. The Daily News tells an amusing story about the Maori volunteers now in England. These Maoris left New Zealand apparently with the full impression that all the world belonged to the Queen, and they were sur prised and incredulous when they were told in passing through the Straits of Magellan that they could see land which belonged to somebody else. But their loyalty quickly found an .dequate reason, for when they saw the glaciers and precipices of the foreign land they contemptuously remarked, "Of course, not good enough " A writer in the Westminster Gazette wants to know whether these unsophisticated Maoris really know that we like the best bits, or was the remark only accidental ! Again, when the ship arrived at Monte Video they found a lot of land, which also was n t under the Queen's dominion. They could not say it was not good enough, but they summed up the situation by saying, " Then the Queen shou d come and take it at once." Evidently they are not "Little Englanders." There must be something in the sunny air of Greece which makes people so cheerful in spite of themselves that they make even the burial of the dead an occasion festal rather gloomy. Funerals, at any rate, are far less funereal in sunny Hellas than in northern climes. The typical Greek funeral of the poorer sort is led by six or eight men solemnly bearing between them an open coffin in which the face of the corpse is fully visible to pa-ses upon the street. If the bearers are in Greek national costume -red caps, white kilts, knife-pleated, and long white stockings with embroidered gaiters-they certainly look rather gay for mourners. If a hearse is used it is not black with heavy plumes, but as gay with gilding and red and white paint as a circus waggon, and so arranged that the face of the corpse is visible. If the family of the dead man are rich enough to afford it a brass band accom panies the procession, besides the group of Greek priests walking by the coffin. There is always a crowd of onlookers, for public notice of deaths and funerals is always given in the town by means of printed cards, posted on the church doors, lampposts and hoardings. Arrangements have at length been made, says the Graphie, for M. Faure's visit to Russia,. in return for the Tsar's visit to France. We can well believe that they have not been completed without difficulty. An event so unprecedented as "the entertain ment of a Republican President by the last of the Autocrats must have sorely tried the resources of the Tsar's Chamberlains. No doubt the solution arrived at has been the simple one of changing nothing, and Presi dent Faure will find himself treated 3ustas if he were an ordinary Monarch, like the Ger man Emperor, ruling merely by right divine. It is for casuists to determine whether, in that case, French or Russian dignity will make the larger concession. We do not pre, tend to be learned in the laws which govern the movements of ghosts, but there are cer tainly some very illustrious personages who if legend speak true, ought to turn uneasily in their graves when a French Republican President becomes the honored guest of a Tzar of Muscovy. One thinks of Metternich and Nlesselrode, of the great principle of Legitism, of the Congr as of Vienna and the Holy Alliance, and of that other Tzar Nicholas who, only 40 years ago. braved war rather than address Napoleon Ill. as " mon frere." Artificial noses are very rare in England, the orders never numbering more than five or six in a year. They cost £4 each, and are modelled in pure silver by an expert. so as to conform with the rest of the face, and are kept in position by a pair of spectacles, without which they are never put on They are tinted to the proper color and enamelled. A certain popular society man, well known in the hunting field,actually wears one over his own rose when riding to hounds, as he is subject to erysipelas in that organ. " Woodren" legs have been brought to a won derful pitch of perfection with movable soc kets, spring insteps and toes, as well as being constructed with the utmost care. Their action depends greatly upon the condition of the stump) where the amputation has taken place. The most famous factory in the world turns out but twelve legs a week, and one ot the best woull cost £16 and would be made of willow -no good maker uses cork now-grown on the banks of the Kennet, between Beading and Deviaes. A complete arm made in the best style, and accompanied by a set of in struments to screw into the palm, cdsts £12. The hand has spring joints, which hold a b ok or new.paper, but so far no one has succee ,ed in making the fingers open and close at will, though muny have attempted it. The most wonderful deformity in the human brain that has ever been noted by the scientists, and made a matter of recor', was that of the phenomenal chess player Richard Rockwoode. Rock. woode, it is said, could play 12 games of chess simultaneously, but not more, not even being able to begin on the thirteenth. After death his braun was carefully ex mined by skilled anatomists, who found in the region known to phrenologists as "locality" that the molecules of that portion of the brain had actually arranged themselves into a combina tion of squares resembling a chessboard, and that each of these squares had certain marks upon it, supposed to represent the final position of the pieces in the last twelve games pla ed by the great expert while he was blindfolded. The doctors who make this report declare that it is true in every particular, hut that the arrangement of the atoms of the brain into the chessboard tquares referred to could only be distinguished by microscopes of the highest power. More than 40 years ago, when Sir William Dean Bakker made an examination of the brain of Forbes, the ship. builder, and reported that the molecules of the brain had arranged themselves (the "grey matter" separating from the other constituents of the brain and "lining up ") into a rude form of a vessel's hull, he was only laughed at. The Rockwoode mnvestiga tion proves that Bakker knew what he was talking about. Sir Richard Tangye, who was recently in Australia, once told Lord Rosebery that his daughter had said he reminded her of " the longest day," because he was " the shortest knight." He has now been giving the readers of Chambers' Journal his impressions when he went to Windsor to be knighted. He says that " on entering I gave my ' best bow,' and, advancing a few steps, stopped and bowed again, when I was in rod ced to Her Majesty (my name being p"onounced wrongly); another bow on closely approaching her, and then, dropping on my left knee, I extended the right hand, back uppermost, for the Queen has a great objection to moist palms. The Queen then laid her right hand-a very little, plump one- upon mine, and I kissed it. Then she took a sword - dreadful moment --and smote me, ever so gently, on my left shoulder, saying, in very low, sweet, and soft tones, 'Rise, Sir Richard,' and 1 became a ' dubbed' knight, but not a ' belted' one, as nowadays knights have to find their own belts." Apparently he had some difficulty in getting out of the Queen's seght. He describes his best efforts as fol lows:-" I had always been going ' for wards' during my previous life, and was somewhat doubtful how I should perform this retrograde movement. I remembered the fate of the Mayor of Truro, who, having presented an address to the Queen on board her yacht in Falmouth Harbor, walked back. wards into the sea. However, 1 stepped back a pace, and, having st.adied myself, bowed, then another half-a-dozen paces, bowing again, and after repeating theoperation once more, to my great relief found myself at the door." At Rosadzin, in the coal district of Silesia, a part of the town comprising about 50 houses has been undermines, and is about to c ' lapse. Work at Luisengluck and at the Abendstern Pit, at Rosdzin, has been sus pended for four years. During that time houses above the mines -have shown great cracks in their walls, and only a short time ago a druggi-t had to give up his house and shop because it threatened to col. lapse or sink into the earth At last what had long been feared really happened, although a technical commission only lately gave the opinion that no more subsidences would take place. In the afternoon one half of the miners' hospital sank 18in. At I in the morning the other wing of the building followed suit. At the same time a dreadful noise as of thunder was heard, and walls of neigh boring houses cracked, vaults and ceilings of rooms fell in, and the inmates fled in panic with but few necessaries to the market place. The firemen helped to save household furni ture, but the shops were left to their fate. A numbers of hous s five hundred yards or more fry m the spot where the subsidence had commenced next threatened to fall in, and had also to be deserted. Nobody has been injured, but a thousand per-ons are homeless. T'ae district waterworks are demolished, and the town of Myslowitz is without water. The course of the River Rowa is blocked, and a pond has formed and threatens to flood the adjacent Georg pit, which is still working. Long, deep gaps have opened in the road. Great quantities of water from the Wildenstein segen pit are being forced through to the Georg 1.it, the safety of which is threatened in this way also. In the meantime the land slips are spreading in the neighborhood. and more houses are threatened. The sinking is due to inexcusable carelessness in working a mine for years, the abandonment of which had been ordered by the mining inspectors. Houses and roads have been undermined in a most dangerous manner, and half of Rosdzin is at present in danger of sinking. The fissures in the ground are more than a yard deep, and the area affected extends over about 650 square yards. The homeless inhabitants of Rosdz n have now been housed in Zawodzie, near Kattowitz, and other vilages. The railway administration has sent 10 covered railway waggons to be used as temporary homes for the househ ss families. The inhabitants of the district expect help from the btate. The loss in buildings destroyed is estimated at about £100,000. 