TIIE BAILWAY GAUGE. . After, tho delugo of selected extracts for and against a 2ft. gauge lino for this dis trict, which has been showored upon tho local public, it is sonio satisfaction to got back again to the solid facts, which a correspondent placos before tho public in this issue of tho 'Mercury'. Mr. M?vckay may bo a desperate, authority on light railways, or ho inay not. We con fess that wo do not know and what is moro wo don|t care. Mu. Stanley may still hold tho views, ho has always hold that tho 3ft. Bin; gauge is tho best. It may bo as a general thing, or it may under cortain circumstances bo so. Thoro aro'known instances where it can bo com fortably proved that a railway run on cog wheels is the best, but wo havo not heard it advocated1 for Muckuv. The question at issue is not whether tho oxporioueo of Belgium, or tho thoorics of Mb. SIack-VY, or any other Mackay, are;-agaiust 2ft. lines or in^avor of tho gaugo. Tho point at issue is what policy is most suitable- for Mackay, this town where, wo livo, and its surrounding district. As our correspond-' etit assorts in almost a's many words, the present railway system hero does not suit us. It has been tried for tho past ton yours, and it now paj-B 1-4 13% on its cap ital por annum. Thorp is no deAying tho fact that tho ruilwuy authorities havo given no assistance iu tho innttor of trans ferring goods from tramways to trains in this district, and, though this remedy for oxUting difficulties may be unofficially offered us now, if tho prosont agitation wore to drop, wo should ba as far pff as wo havo boon any timo during the past ten years, iu obtaining romodios fo&«e!tisting difficulties. Lot tho Conimjfteo, which mcotsd^oxt Tuesday, faco p\o question fairly. 'JVill it pay 'r Let a Hull inquiry bo made into that pointf not by tho quidnuncs of tlio ttroot comor, aiiJl tho casual readers of litornturo that only' a trained .man can understand, but by proporly appointed and reliable- oxports. Tlmt will sottlo tho question at nnco,' and savo^ lot of printor's ink, and unnecessary language, ' J ? ? 1 'si ? ? ? ? ? The GiirJB pKsr.--The central CuinmiHce of the Insect Teat Destruction Fund met at the Divisional Hall Ia-t Tuesday. There were preseut' Messrs. Stevens, (in ihe chair), Man, Filiot, Colenso, Crompton, Morthenseii, and Swayne. The- minates of the last meet ing having liccu rea.l and . confirmed along discutsiou' tonk p'ace on the action to Io taken in consequeuce of a nnmlwr *»f vouchers provisionally issued by tho R»cvcour*e Com mifcp foe the destruction c,f beetles, not having Ih-^k paid. The amount wa« £24, and it was even.nnlly decided that the sum Iw made up from tho amplus ' monies in I ho bauds of the Hahaun, Nindaroo, and Home lmsh Committees. 'A letter was read: from Mr. J. K Davidson, refunding such moneys »s h d been paid by the' K-tojourse Com mittee ..for I-ietlc8 tleatioyed upon the Te Kowii estate. The meeting then closed. Tut Projected Visit of the Governor. — There lias appiieutly lie'eu a gnod ?leal of diffioulty in ?scrrtaining the txlct moveinenU nf the Governor's party, which will shortly visit itackay. - The nrii;iiinl ti-legrains wliich anni-&red; in Ihe 'Mcrcniv' stated that His Excellency would reaoh Ciirns on the I4;h inst., that, is ypsterdny, ami tint he would then spend several day» in ihe North ern J'R»r districts, calling at iluclcy on bis return South. rcl«granui were eint -to Hiindaberg to aso-rtnin when he would ic.oli Mockiy, but no drfiiiiie info.m..ti..n w*» oli tiinal.lo until a mpssage was on Tuesday re ceived from ifr. Tliynne al Bowen, Blaliim that Ilia Kxcelleu=y would he pUosed to vii.it Mnckiiy, but ihat lie wm.M nnt c»ll l*forc tlio 24ih, tlie actual dale to be notified liter on. This is I lie date ihat was generally anticipated when the first* inisiii^i-s uppeared in our columns. Mackay Rifi.e Assiiciatmx. — A special meeting --f ih« Mackay ltifl* Asancialiun was IkI.1 »t Will*' Ifntel nn Tu. sd.iy evuiine, Mr. Jnhii W.ight, prpsilpiit, in ihn chair. Fitiitl tvrrAny.-iUL'utii woro made wii \\\ regal d t*» the day's ah ?otm-; nn K.Mor Monday and the prize list was1 rn-arran^ed somewhut. the official prize of £3 3? eiveii hy tlio Council hpjns; allotted as firs', prize in the Queen's Prize Handicap, (he second and third prizf-s for which evrut wrrc incieasi-il liy »'.' each. 1 1. was decided that the ihontiug cmiimenco at 9.3') a.m. and that extra siijliteis be alfnued on piyment of Ud. for each slmt mure ilian tlio one ailowed. A laren nuinlier nf iinminaiioiiK or the two principal evi-iita havo liei-n re ceived, ami the f^II'Mvinj prizes ha\e been pomised for tli- CoiHiinioui .Mudi which is ouei- for nil comcra : — O»» year's Mibscription to ' Mercury,' value 20-.; D. ShepliTl* Sonf, limp, value 23'. ; one year's subscrip tion io 'Cluoiiiclc,'-v.iliie21-. ; Alwx. (irnnt, trophy 12.. fid. ; W. N. Djll^r, trophy, value 10s6d.;T. Matthewson, 1 d-z. photos; J. McLellan, trophy, value I0i 61 ; C. Murley, trophy, value lUs. ; J. Morgin, trophy. Mackav Beass Band.— Tho Mackay Brass Hand, since, its revival under the able tuition of Bandmaster Pirfc, has lived four years, and on Tuesday evening lust celebrated the orent in tho Druids' Hall, by holding a most onjoyable dance. The attendance was jnst right for the sizo 'of tho hall, and the members of the Hand were indefaiigablo in suimlvini: uxcollent mosic and lookin? after the enjoyment of ovorvono.- In addition' to the fifloen mombers of the Hand who , were present andnlayed several of the dancoj, Miitf Eily Smth, assisted by Mr Broc, with the violin, preside 1 at the piano. In the lat-er%partof tho evening wo also noticed tha*. Mojsh Thorne and Noden, of the Homebu3b. Band, came in to osjiat their town conf rores. Mr Jnines Pirio carried out the duties of M.C. and successfully timed his dance* to as to keep ov«ry*.hing going smoothly nntil 'lie' programme was esli»Usted. The rufro-h- ' ments wore presided over by tho Misses Pii to, Mdnc (2), and Mclnnes, .and the whole arA rnnjements were complete and suitable. Tlio^ Band has no reason to. bo dissatisfied with its anunal celebration, as it afforded a most pleasant evening's amoscfout to the public, and at the sumo time gave excellent vvidence of its own proficiency and progress, both in musical skill, and organisation. We are asked to state that the Band could not pla7 in public ai promised, lart Monday evening-, in coiiso-[ucmcc of several, members being laid up with fever. . SrooK.'.— 'After all it is hut yesterday since the elduily dame with a tufV of three hairs and a wart uu her chin, and a knack of say ing vague things in an. unpleasant tone of voice was dipped on tho ducking stool, or burnt at the stake. Some tnontha'agt. Mrs. Mi-llon, in. Sydney, took iu hard headed judges and generally bamboozled the pnblic with the. ghosts of Geordip, aud other tinknouii bnt typical spirits. On Thursday evening list Mr Gilbert, tho local spook manufacturer, had the temerity to try his ghosts on four hard headed pressmen', and what is more, succeeded in making them admit tbit hia trickery was not seen through. The average newipaper man is a hard case,. and we do not think we are maligning the rest of the people in this place if we say that when on blaster Monday evening Mr. Gilbert works off his tpooka on them in the School of Arts, they will be satis fied that it only requires the proper spirit of Madame HUvatsky to believe that the. ghostly visitants are really the denizan» of spirit land. Mr. Gilbert lias alto a number ot the very best conjuring tricks to slimy the public and we hope that, despite the pioverb about prophets iu their own 'country, there will ho a KWil. lutl u£f iw qoo OUIIIO U| VUD UIGVrTeSb Ulmions ever put npin tho Mackay g'a^e. And we may say this from personal observa tion, and because tho show will, in our opinion, apart from t|io array of musical talent which w II a.siat, be. well worth the modest florin charged for udmiuion. ' The Tick; Pest.— During the lnt fow days some 6000 head of cattle belonging to Mr. M. Jt. Christian of Kelvin Grove, h.u-» been' pat through the private dip »t \l-»t place, and thoso that woio first treited, some three weeks ago, nre to- day quite do in.. The waih used in ihe dip was what in known ?a Maatertou's mixture but it «ai mudu with greater strength than 'uaual. . To every 100 Kallous nf water IliPre woro added to and boiled up with, 201b tar, 101b soda, 51b soap, and 2jft- . areenio. The total oust nf the material per head of the cattlu w«a only live aixteontlis of a penny, as agaimt at least three ponso as ihu cn-t with Vacuum nil. Tim 0 ittlo were mlx«d herds of breeders, and though with such a luge number some accidents must happen or deaths occur, no ' oitlle illod from ihe diiect result! of dipping, Tho operatloni geuontlly wore regarded «i ? v-ii*hctnry and ancooaafiil.. As itmtiincing th- aperd at which the catih- may bo put through the dip. it may bo addoil lh«till ous lulf day 600 head worn traatod. Thoro Ih another dip at On mill i, u pihlic i»\r, mid them nearly 11,000 lieud have been put thrnuith. lines iU ervulinn. Tim enmhined expirieiioea of llin two dipa ho tn show, I list the t'oit.of material, when uilng the nhnva mlxUiro, ia 'nnt man ilimikhalf p^nuy nor hi'iul, whllu tho uo»t of Ubnr Is father li!-s. Whoro UiflO numhura nf cattle Imro tu be treated it is ovrtftln tlmt !«-« Ihannpuiny a head will onvar nil nxpenso, As » rulo, cattle, nf'ir dipping anil oven wlion put Imok upon ilttty oountry, do nnt gflt Uokn nn thmn auaiu uniilal loii«i. live wri'ksnfirr Ircui incut , Tim ilipnlng operatlona liavn nut liven foninl tn injuri-m-ly nffnet tli« cultlu In anyway, 1 hough If tuny are muoh knockml itlmut, III niuitoriiiR tho ittuul iloiilha friuii lueh a oauna nru lure tn c»i»o, jual at they would ut any ullif r tliue. MvHlOAb Union,— I'lioro wn» a larn' g»thur lug ii f Uilloa and Kmillonu'iit yrstorday own iii|( Iu tlio Oniiti:|| ClinmlHira to reuolvo thg cepnrt of llio cnminUtcn app'nlnVod Io draw np a anlitimp fur forming a nmslgaj liulou. Mr. 11\. II. tlUgk'ocouplnil the olmtr. The com niltce, which mcl *e»lerda£-«itbTnoxmv hs.*; ,,g reported, the t..ll6wing- resolntioi.s were ?peed to : That a society; to be .oiled thj lusisal Onion be fmroed entirely distinct rom the old Union :' that.fptir '^fribrmiiiB nemlwrs only be on the committee inatcd of sight as snggesUd; tint ihe fee. for eligi .ility for tl« Bra' «'* mmiihs be 5s for gentle, men -with a.siinilur.»in.mnt as nominalinn fee to be retnrnlil at lhe«nd of six mouths, and ladies half llie »l.ow. Mr. Morau thought the fee shoulil not lie made so loiv, as it miijhi naute an iiiflur of members who perhaps bad no idei of mjisic, bin. only a d-sire m liew»» on the stngejor to atlend performances nn tin cheap. Mr. ;MacDonnelU«id lhat ifall me,.; hcra had to oms an examination. in iiiiimu tins would be bbviited. . . Eventually it was decided llialf* meeting be held next Tni-ailiy evening, *hf ri all those now present who had paid their sdbac,ipli..ns si.on .1 b« enrolled as foundation lAemheis,- an.l'he free from sujh exarainationi but their menihership tn be d-cided bytillot of the committee, members hilling- af i eVlvaids to be tested by the oin diictor. Tlis fee- for honorary members for six months »4'nxedL»V 10«, such mxinben io have theanirtlege tTatteuding Iwiili one lady as 'SU reJreaVaials jfld eiiterUiiiimenis of the Union. Jtwas'd«ided 10 inflict a fini of 61 a tmj m- g|ntleintoi and 3d on Indies who misSed practices witliont satisfactory icuson, aluo'.lha.l at the next meeting ibi election -.f officers shou| I take place. The meetiug tiieu closed. i . KxiimiTiqK COMMITTKE.--A meeiing nt the Committee, appoinwd in connection with the Queensland: International Exliihi ion, was held on TnAdnj afternoon la*t. There were present: Messj*. H. B. Black, (in -the chair n ihe aloince -if CapUiin- Brown), 1'agot, Swayne, FJ Black, fMII, Perkins, Morlh-iw^n, Smith, Sifven-, V.'illmann, ChaUw.iy and Clarke. The correspondence from Mr. U. II U-iIryiiipla was toad in which ic was stated that the cjjst of an exhibit would 1« about £o\ Mr. Swayne and nther n.embers reported as to the vaiious.h.cl products whiili could be obtained for! exnil.itinn. Ihe Ohairman thought an expense nf £30 nr £70 was a large sum, and they! should consider whether their exhibit wouldjustify tluir a-kii.g the public to subscribe ? tlie money. Mr. CliiinwMy thought that 'they should decide either the point of finance or tbat of the natur-: nf the exhiliii fir.t. He took it that if they could make »n exhibit for £25 the memheis were nnt in f»-or of doing so miles* it was a good one The Chairman said that w.m~ ceituinly his opinion. ;A long discui-sion then ensued, on llie motion of Mr; Wiilmann, on tbe finiiiicial ii-pect of the question. Mr. Perkins nnd Mr. Morthenseii thought it a pity that such » distiioj as this, will, sn many rrsonr3i-s, and the reputation of being the. leading sugar diilricl should not Im r.epHteiiied. Me.«sis. Willmann awl Smith thonght they could not honestly iisk for so much money with so little to show in the time at their disposal. Mr. Pucet pointed out that the matter bad liceii allowed to rein tin in abeyance for so long. Ihat no time Was allowed tn prepare exhibit.. In »n agricultural district ihey required almnt twelvemonths' noiiujt,., M|% F. Bluck :il-o thought there ngs no'liiiic, and that it would be dftlicnlt to rflse rfe.'mW Some -1U- cuuion having ukenpUco ohylie fnct ihat. the comnvttce had received no reply fr.mi Mr. Joubcrt, the, director nf the cxhibilion, ak tn whether it would be p-issible 'tn make a dis trict ejhibi', Mr. Swavne, having just ob taiiiedhis letteis from ihe Post Office, read one from Mr! Joiibett stating lint any ex liibiu froihfMnck&y; Im.lb.f.er be sent to the Agricultural ? epartment. Mr. Cliatitvay Slid iniho fac« of that letter it waa no further g-Kxl disuuuing a district exliilnt, and he moved that in view of i lie letter of Mr. Jnnl.e t, the committpe Hbindnned tlie il.-a nf mikius; a district exhibit, and notify Mr. Joubert accordingly. This was seconded by Mr. Swayne and carried. On the motion of Mr. Pages a committee consisting of Mes^.v ^w.iyne; Black and .Chataway »a- appointed to (,ive Mr. Buchanan -nv as^isiaiico he might require ia p'epai ing his - auo exliibits. Atler lome disouasiou on the suliject nf hnlding a local show, iu the-ooniae of which .\lrs«s. Swarne nnd SlcvenAuid the F..rm-r»' As socMtiffl^iro'p'i^ed-to have bnu next year, tho 