TOPICS OF THE WEEK The function Sir George Turner seems to lmve taken upon himself at the Convention is to urge the difficulties of the situation from every point of view, and to wait till eome view in particular works itself to the front. He waits for the survival of tae fittest, and so plays into the hands of mem bers who hare no wish that the fittest should survive. All Sir George Turner can pcrceive is difficulties. He does not suggest any means of overcoming difficulties. Two of the difficulties are the finance question and state representation. Mr. Higgins, in to whose mind facts enter in clear and transparent condition, and come out utterly beclouded, has taken a dreadful dislike to state rights. He holds them responsible for the American Civil War of 35 years ago, and the rejection of the arbitration treaty proposed by Great Britain last year. The American Civil War is supposed, by most people, to have arisen out of slavery, and the rejection of the 1896 treaty to be due to somewhat widespread Anglophobia, for the keeping up of which, in the United States, Mr. lliggins's countrymen are chiefly to blame. If the learned representative of Gcelong were to go back to his school books he would discover that for 10 years after the States had declared themselves independent the American constitution would not work at all; and that there was no cohesion and no working in common among the States uutil Benjamin Franklin proposed that the Senate should represent the States, as it is proposed the Australian Senate should re present the colonies, and that the House of Representatives should represent the people, as it is proposed the Australian House of Assembly should represent the Australian people. It is singular that the Convention members who have most to say Against the representation of state rights should speak only as the representatives of a party whose aim is to protect and main tain local rights which are altogether un federaL The Geelong protective policy which Mr. Higgins votes for but does not believe in, end the Gippsland stock tax, which he votes for but perceives to be vrong, are advocated by men who wish to maintain local interests at the expense of the general interests of Australia. None of the rights which the thinly-populated Aus tralian colonies are standing out for conflict with the general interests of Australia. They can only conflict with local interests. The right which Mr. Higgins wishes to con wrve is the right of some people in this colony to corner this colony off from the W8t of Australia, so that they may make selfish and sordid profit by such policy of isolation. The progress of Australia, as a wiole, progress in which Victoria must ex tensively share, is to bo kept back bccause ft breeders of bullocks and a few stock auctioneers wish to preserve a small looal Monopoly, which is distinctly anti-Austru The Flinders-lane homes, which have ays given covert support to protection, or> at any rate, known until now how to fiscal policy ol the country" to Pfolitable account, appear to think they ®Ve mac*e out 8 food case against the mini um wage, which thftjf have been ordered Pay, when thqr show. tbtA if roust uestroy the export twde. We fear that they are bewailing the situation in the hear ing of a public which Listens unsympatheti cally. Very little good is to be got by teil ing the handB who have 'mode e stand against sweating that the trade in made-up clothing cannot be carried on unless such liands accept what are manifestly poor wages. They may «rgue that Melbourne will lose the trade, and that the hands will lose their employment, but the bands cannot Boe in that warning forecast any reason for accepting wages which are held to be too small. We daresay everything Mr. Butler Bays is quite correct-that the Melbourne warehousemen can just about hold their own at present rates, and that they must give up the trade if the new rates are enforced. But his figures will not and cannot convince the workers that the trade ought to be kept alive at their ex pense. The workere naturally ask, "Are we to go on living on the verge of starvation in order that West Australians may wear nicely-made-up slop clothing, and that Flinders-lane warehousemen may go on do ing a big ttade?" This may seem an un usual and inconsiderate way of looking at the question, but it is undoubtedly the view | token by the workei^.^Wio are responsible for the crisis which btfs been arrived'^t. When the tariff wjaff lftst oohs^lferjdd,; ^ITorts were directed towards, bringing down th'q liigh duties, which alone are the ^cause faf Victorian warehousemen jSpfer&ting; inj\5fefct Australia at a disadvantage. " T5ut""such ef forts were vigorously obstructed, and cer tain Flinders-lane men, connected with the clotliing trade, took a hand in the obstruc tion. The firm Mr. John Paterson speaks for was only too well represented in the Parliamentary lobbies. Then was it said "If you are to go on getting the benefit of high duties, you shall at least pay the mini mum wage." Mr. Builer may J>e right in contending that sewiaig for tailors is one thing, and sewing for Boftgoodsmen another, but such subtleties are beyond the vulgar understanding. What Btands out glaringly is the fact that Melbourne cannot compete on even terms with Sydney in the West Australian markets, because clothing piece goods are free in New South Wales, and subject to very high duty in Victoria duty which no drawback system can ex plain away. The Melbourne clothing manu facturers cannot expect to enjoy local monopoly and to control tbe export trade at the same time. The hope that we were to have a dull general election is going to be disappointed. Nothing disturbs the public peace more quickly or more effectually stirs up warm feelings than the introduction of the re ligious question, and there are no two men in Victoria better able to set the denomina tions by the ears than Dr. Rentoul and Pro fessor Harper. They are now abroad chal lenging Archbishop Carr to show himself. The movement in favour of the introduc tion of religious teaching into tbe state schools must have grown a good deal (like vegetation that develops unnoticed) for the National Scripture League to carry on the warfare so boldly as it does now. A few elections back candidates were-only made sware of its existence by the receipt through the post of circulars, marked confidential, asking for confidential replies. Now they are being openly catechised on the plat form, and from the way in which the old advocates of secular education are dodging the question we should infer that a vote has made its influence felt which it is con sidered more politic to placate than to set at naught. At present there is uncertainty as to bow much or how little is being de manded. Professor Harper argues that the league is only asking to have the practice which was introduced two or three yeare back made permanent, and he derides tbe Catholic bishops for giving way to un necessary alarm. On the other hand; Dr. Rentoul appears to be looking forward .to tbe early realisation of his New York ex perience of long ago, when Catholic lady teachers had conferred upon them the duty of expounding the Shorter Catcchism, which, he says, is totally undogmatical, to juvenile Presbyterians. The most comforting thing to know is that a host of religious innova tions can be introduced into tbe existing state school system without depriving it of its secular character. "Free, compulsory, and! secular do not exclude Presbyterian, An glican, Wesleyan, or Roman Catholic deno minational instruction." These are Dr. Rentoul's very words; so it is possible (if the present movement has real basis) that we may ere long see public school teaching I conducted by the state BO as to suit as many sects of worshippers as languages were pro vided for at the Tower of Babel; and tbe Government, after the example of tbe Roman Republic, will have to give every form of belief the freedom of tbe city. Mr. Benjamin Tillett, in visiting Austra lia, finds himself among people whom he does not understand, but who have no dif ficulty in understanding him. The present charge against him is that he and his Trades-hall associates conducted themselves ill-manneredly when the Queen's health was proposed at tbe South Melbourne luncheon. It was allowed to go by default until mem bers of the Trades-hall Council discovered, with alarm, that they had made a blunder which might tell against them at the elec tions. Then they resorted to their usual plan of saying that it was all a lie. Mr. Tillett's mode of explaining himself out of the ill-mannered way in which he acted when the toast waB submitted is to show that his manners, under all circumstances, are of the illest description. He thus, un wittingly, helps to establish (he conviction which stands recorded against him. His explanation Is very like the confesBion appearing contemporaneously with it, a confesBion which dears up all the doubts which right-minded people hod respecting the rgnUot that is attacked. The eufplaua tion does not get Mr. Tillett off; it only "hows how like Mr. Tillett the whble pro ceeding was. Mr. TiUett seems to believe ! that by coupling the Queen with "any other old lady " he was acting a graceful part, and that, therefore, the charge cannot be true that his mode of drinking the toast was ill-mannered. At Broken Hill, where he began explaining, he was good enough to state that if ever he were placed ill circum stanccs in which he would have to choose between saving the Queen and saving his mother, he should give bis mother the pre ference. Mr. Tillett seemed to think he was saying something very noble. But what is the good of his telling us what he would do in circumstances which can never arise? Whom docs he interest? Some persons may consider the statement valuable aB a reve lation of the workings of Mr. Tillett's mind. They may take it for original. But it is not original. It is one of the thread bare formulae "which social agitators use when they wish to make themselves under stood by each other. Whenever they find themselves compelled to account to well mannered people for ill-mannered be haviour, they add these words to show their associates . that the explanation is Want to be meaningless. They set up j Spurious manliness as a substitute for the genuine manliness they are incapable of 'displaying. Precisely the same words an Mr, Tillett used at Broken Hill were used, in similar circumstances, by the Brisbane socialist and agitator who came to Mel bourne to attend the conference of railway strike promoters. There is not a syllable of difference between the two statements. In each case the agitator's mother was con trasted with the Queeu. If the life and example of Queen Victoria mean so little for Mr. Tillett it is not because they are without claim to universal admiration, but because he is too small-souled to appreciate them. They are as much beyond his com prehension as the genius of Skakespeare is beyond the comprehension of a larrikin, or General Grant's scrupulous truthfulness is beyond the comprehension of Mr. Tren with. The opening-up of Macquarie Harbour would do so much to develop Western Tas mania that it will be good news to hear that the work is feasible. On the map, the harbour looks as if nature had made every provision for protecting it from the sea. It is an indentation running parallel with the coast-line, and there is a project ing head-land, which seems as if it had been erected on purpose to shelter the en trance from the prevailing winds. Never theless, there is a bar with only 9ft. of water on it, which closes Macquarie Har bour to all but small craft, and even small craft dare not venture in when a westerly gale is blowing. It is supposed that if a channel were cut and a mole run out, the scour would keep the entrance open. The fact that the largest river in Tasmania, the Gordon, runs into Macquarie Harbour is considered a reason why there should be a scour out as well as in. But to the Gordon is probably due the existence of the bar. There is not a really great river in Aus tralia which has a deep open exit to the sea; and the most difikut bars to keep open are the bars of harbours into wliich large rivers debouch. The west coast of Tasmania is exposed to the full force of all the big storms that come along over the Southern Ocean, past Cape Leeuwin. Every one of Mr. Wragge's "Antarctic" depres sions brings a galeandabigsea to Macquarie Harbour, and it is the westerly gales and westerly seas, and the conflicts they have with the river currents, which account for the blocking-up of the harbour entrance. On the other hand, it would give the Mount Lyell and Zeehan mining fields a great lift to provide them with easy communication by water with. Hobart. The overland route to Hobart by rail, even when that route is available, must always be a most ex pensive one for mineral and goods traffic. As the Government at Hobart is not un friendly to the carrying out of any feasible harbour scheme, in view of the boom it would cause in the West, and the new life that mining is conferring on Tasmania, the best thing it can do is to get two or three of the experts in the service of the Vic torian and New South Wales Governments to advise whether or not a cut through the bar can be kept open. We observe that the "Macquarie .Harbour Delegation," in the budget of statistics it has issued, quotes what an artificial mole has done for Port Chalmers, but the cases are radically dis tinct. The two harbours face different kinds of ocean swells, and no river of any conse quence runs into Port Chalmers. Scenes in Parliament usually occur with out notice, and are passed over as quickly as possible, as sudden and excusable out bursts of temper. But the one that arose in the Queensland Legislative Assembly last week seems to have been deliberately yet secretly prepared for. The intention was to spring on the House something nasty about the Government, and to vote down the Speaker should he give a disagreeable ruling. Mr, Stephens, one of the members for South Brisbane, while speaking on the Land Bill, glanced back to the proceedings of the Land Commission wheh reported last year. The appointment of the commission, he said, was "a clumsy, undignified, and wilful attempt at political corruption." Had the Speaker pulled Mr. Stephens up for using unparliamentary language, lie would probably have had the House with him, but he, overlooked the words spoken, and concerned himself only with the question whether or not thie appointmeut of the com mission could then be discussed. He said that the report might be discussed, so far as it bore On the bill, but not the appoint ment of the commission, which eeemed like splitting straws. Another member packed up Mr. Stephens, by arguing that the aj> pointment of the commission could be dis cussed, and Mr. Stephens, whose disorderly words had not been expressly ruled out of order, took every opportunity that presented itself to repeat them, till the Speaker, in a confused sort of way, first ruled "the whole thing" out of order, and then directed Mr. Stephens to withdraw the words. Mr. Stephens kept up the irritation by pretend ing that he "could not withdraw the truth." Then the Speaker "named" Mr. Stephens to the House, and Sir Horace Tozer, the leader of the House, who had just entered the chamber, moved off-hand that the un ruly member be suspended for 24 hours, not himself knowing what had been going on, or how the House had been taking the scene. The motion to Buspend Mr. Stephens was negatived without a division, thus humiliat ing both the Speaker and the Government. Mr. Stephens, it afterwards transpired, had arranged with certain Ministerial supporters to give him a backing, hence the mess Sir Horace lozer found himself in when he dis covered that he oould not rely on the mem bers behind him to carry a motion support j Speaker in maintaining order. So j there was nothing for the Acting-Premier to do but to put an end to the proceedings of the House until, in a fashion which is truly , French, it should next week have passed a resolution expressing confidence in the Government. An embarrassing question will shortly have to be answered by the House of Re presentatives in New Zealand. Is a bank rupt entitled to sit? ^he statute says that bankruptcy shall vacate a seat, but it does not say that no bankrupt shall stand for Parliament. Delightful exercise is being got out of the problem by New Zealand lawj era. It is as interesting to them as an arithmetical puzzle is to the readers of magazines far boys. The House will doubt less keep the solution of the problem in its own hands, and interpret the words of the statute as party interests require. Mr. J. G. Ward will be declared duly elected or incapable of being elected according as tue Seddon Ministry wishes to pose before the country as a Government that sticks by a comrade in distress, through good report and bad, or as a Government that is too virtuous to permit Mr. Ward to re-enter larhamentata time when the people might be tempted to consider Wardism and beddonism one and the same thing. There will have to be much consulting of familiar spirits regarding the state of public feeling before a vote is arrived at. Mr. Ward at present carries all before him with audacity jvhieh is sublime. When he wrote to on influential voter asking for that voter's sup port to show that he was entitled to con fidence, the voter wrote back, "It shows 'keek to make such a request." Mr. Ward replied, "1 took you for a gentleman, and find you a cad." You are a cad, in Invcr cargilf, if you set up a standard of financial morality which the Ward Association was a stranger to. Yet, great as Mr. Ward's popularity seems to be, there is danger of its fading away. It is not built on a four da tion any surer than association financing, so the best thing that could happen to him would be a vote excluding him from Parlia ment. This would bestow fresh martyrdom upon him. Political and financial martyr dom is as happy a lot as could be wished for by any public man in the current state of feeling in -the province of Southland. A great strike has been going on in Eng land for fully two months, and there are no preseut indications of settlement. It has arisen out of the demand of the Engineers' Association for the adoption of the eight hours system. Hie eight hours system has been so long in operation in Australia that it has come to be regarded here as the natural and correct thing. But in Aus tralia we have the advantage of being in a corner of the world by ourselves. The adoption of the eight hours system is de layed in England by the social backward ness of the nations on the Continent. We started in- Australia "^with a scarcity of labour and high wages. Tfefe, Continent of Europe is gradually rising out of a condi tion of law w«gte;and long hours lasting for cen(juries. And industry is retarded in Ger many, Italy, &c.;, by jthe immense drain that the milit^ry ^tem inakes on the man hood of the cotnrtry.' Because industry is not as active as it ought to be, savings are not as large as they ought to be, and there fore industry grows slowly and wages keep low. Whenever any eight hours proposal is brought forward in England it is at onoe met by the cry, founded on reason, that if granted the business will go to the Con tinent. In the present case the iron workers in England are striking nominally for an eight hours day, but in reality for increased wages. Trade is brisk, necessi tating a good deal of overtime. The men do not object to working overtime, but they want the overtime rate to begin as soon as the eight hours have run out The masters calculate that the demand will involve a rise of about 30 per cent, if, for all hands, the day is limited to eight hours, and extra men put on to maintain the July output, and nearly as heavy a rise if work goes on as at present, and overtime rates begin to run as soon as eight hours' work shall have been done. The position is intricate, and war would seem to have been declared a little too soon. With a reserve fund of £300,000 or £400,000, the office-bearers of the Engi neers' Association were spoiling for a fight, but not so big a fight as they hare brought j about. They meant to confine the fighting to Lbndon, and they expected that their. funds would enable ihera to issue Btrike pay for-half a year. But the masters met the strike in London with a lock-out a})' oyer the country, and strike pay lor the . first, week oame to £35,000, an amount' which must soon exhaust a fund which Wfts as sumed to be inexhaustible. The Assertion of the engineers that they could hold out for six months is now'contradicted by the appeal they bare made to the Labour Con gress for financial support. If the associa tion gets beaten (as the Newcastie strikers got beaten in Australia through challenging a trial of Btrength with a combination which oould afford to let the strike run its course), the leaders may thank their own precipitation for the result. From the re fusal of kindred trades to join the engi neers, it is evident that the workers them selves feel that the eight hours system can not be made universal by ooup de main. And, in the present case, the demand is not altogether bona-fide. Ballechin-house, in the Highlands, which was rented by the Marquis of Bute in order that its ghostly noises might be in quired into, is still a topic of literary in terest. A reasonable view of the matter was given some weeks ago. Noises beard during the night were ascribed by the scientific man of the party to shrinkings in boards and planks, and to the perturba tions in waterpipes. Miss A. Goodrich Freer, the lady who acted as hostess, con tributes an article on the subject in the "Nineteenth Century" for August; offering explanations of a "creepy" kind. The com pany numbered 11 ladies and 21 gentlemen, including the scientific gentleman who wrote to "The Times." There were three soldiers, three lawyers, two men of letters, one artist, four clergymen, one physician, and fire "men of leisure." Five of the 11 ladies, we are gravely informed, were married. Miss Freer says that of the 32 guests, 18 be { sides herself, "gave willing testimony to the occurrence of sounds which they found themselves unable to explain." The noises sounded like footsteps, or the voice of some one reeiting or reading, impatient raps at doors, "clangs," "thuds," far - away ex plosions, &c.; Footsteps were heard by a number of persons, mostly ladies, under cir cumstances that rendered it "difficult to re fer them to any known cause," and also by a dog, which appeared to "follow them with his eyes." In every case the footsteps were "lame," "halting," or "shuffling." The clanging noises were such as might have been caused by striking a gong. The detonating sounds were like the firing of a distant gun, or "the snapping of the wood in a burning house." That noises were heard need not be disputed, but why is it to be assumed that they were due to super natural causes, merely because the people who heard them were not able to guess right off who or what produced them? Ought we not to suspect that noises of an ordinary kind have an ordinary origin? Spiritually-produced sounds ought to be something never before heard on sea or land, instead of being imitative and common-place. In a large house, occupied by 32 persons (including one admitted practical joker), sounds were not unlikely to be heard from time to time. It is tak ing a long stepjfco. infer that they were caused by ghosts. Everyone can say he has heard sounds about a house he could not account for, especially during the still ness of the night, when something has prompted him to listen for them. As a rule, we disregard noises, and so ere not ex perts at finding out what causes them. When they occur during the day we pay no attention at all to them. Itisonlythe noises heard in the dark that trouble us. If we had the acute vision of cats, noises in the dark would fail to excite our curiosity. Men and women are but children grown up, and when the house is quiet, and the lights are out, they are ready (if at all inclined that way) to imagine all kinds of mysteries. It is an utter farce to say that the company assembled at Ballechin met together with a genuine intention to investigate, otherwise they would have taken with them some smart detectives and a conjuror or two. The preference is invariably, on these oc casions, given to believers in the mysterious who have no wish to have the mysterious explained away. 