Debating Societies. THEIR VALUE AND USES. One of the most inerestiog items in ? the recent social of the Gympie Debating Society was the address of the President (Mr. Carloss). Wo make the following extracts : — ' Great men are coming forward in the fulness of their gratitude to speak well of debating societies as the ladders on which they commenced their climb to political greatness. Mr. Chamberlain (the Secre tary of State for the Colonies) and Mr. Reid (Premier of New South Wales) stand out prominently to us colonials. Mr. Chamberlain, spsaking at the 50th. anniversary of the Birmingham Debating Society, as its President, after having praised the work of such societies in the highest degree, said ' that they cultivate that; gift of clear expression which, in our democratic and representative system, is a necessary force, a potent influence for progress ; and thab this is the most important function of a debating society.' Tou all know what a powerEul influence a debating society had upon Mr. Reid ; what a turn he got by only listening to a few speeches ; so powerful was the force Lilrtu lit? Una ii ju ituu uii bulling yov ? probably it was the beginning of his celestial life ; and that, when he returns from his revolution round this earth, ha will roll on afar into apace and shine as a star of the first magnitude with the lustre of his new orders and the impetus given him at the debating society. There are other faculties cultivated at debating socieuea equally imporcanc wica cnat oi clear expression— cultivating the senti ments and emotions, converting the weeds of intolerance and cruelty into the beneficial plants of liberality and love, are among them. The labter grow from the former through the fertilising influence of free thoaghc, free speech, and free intercourse, which are more perfectly developed ab debating societies than elsewhere. ' The meeting of men and women of diverse opinions upon the many subjects that vex or please society, with the object of determining the value of such opinions, will, in the process of demonstrating the faults of others, teach the critics to discover their own, thua breeding iu them a spirit of tolerance unfelb before. People who have stood opposed as enemies to be destroyed discover but several parts of one har monious whole, which, being pieced together, is found good for all. 'Anotaer important faculty is thab or reading the characters of men, and this is cultivated in an effective manner at the society's biographical meetings when 3ome celebrated character is brought up for dissection. During our society's short life members hayo raised the ghosts of many great men and given them a bit of their mind. Julius Cse3ar, Oliver Cromwell, Napoleon, aad others must be lying in a state of nervous unrest owing to the searching inquisitiveness and pun geut remarks of some of our members. And some of the poor starved to death and unrewarded poets of the past are doubtless feeling rich as modern traders with the said members' praises. Man is constantly called upou to trust his life, liberty, honour or wealth to others' keep ing. It has become a matter of first in» portance that he should be able to judge of the inner nature of his future partner, law maker, companion, or banker. Thia is a faculty that should be cultivated early in life by the youtk of both sexes. A little' knowledge of human character might save them a life of misery. 'There is a one sidedness of character known as specialism, fadism, monomania, etc., whose development is fast reducing the individual to an unthinking, irresponsible unit in Society— making him as a single tooth in the machine of community ; knowing and feeling nothing beyond the alternating grind and revolu tion of his own wheel— that is deadening out many of his faculties, and drying up the sources of many joys so that one only may develop to madness. This one sidedness is to be seen everywhere ; in the trades, arts, professions, in politics, and above all amongst reformers. Even our sports and, so-called, recreations are developing a monamaniacal specialism. If this process continues there will nob be » whole man left. There will be a pair of less specialized by running, another of different form specialized by cycling swiftly moving past, -neither seeing, feeling, nor heediug anything bub motion, ? all other p;wt3 aud faculties being atro phied to a speck. Thon a large strangely formed lisad expressive of thought will slowly move along on pen or compass-like legs— feding and hearing not; neither song of bird nor dangling child have ]oya for him ? The factory, the steamship, and the finaucior are helpiug in this degiada tion or evolution. A man must have everything dono for him but that per taining to his speciality If this phase of life be degradation let us s' ay it ; if it be evolution let us assist to unroll i^ gently that tber6 be no tearing; piin. It is my convic ion tint societies like this are potent to effect uth«r ..bjecfc by the method of their work. The varied modes .of tlnught; the different beliefs, principles, ages, sex and social standing of the members who gather at their meetings and freely ruceive and £ive the intellectual fruits of their livinj;, —who by the law of induction, become mutually charged with the cum-nta of each other's thoughts tend moro to proservo and balance the attribute? of the whole man than »ny other i oei-il process I know of. As evidence that debating societies are iiecewsaiy to the complcuon of » liberal eduction I may mention that ihe Working Min's College of London has been operating as .1 teaching socirty for some years giving a college education at such times and at such cost as clerks aiid mechanics could afford, thus a large number hive received a first-class education who could not have got it else where. But there waa always a want and an incompleteness in their work. Recently they have established a common room and debating class and thn gap has been filled, the want satisfied, and the debating class pronounced a great suc cess.' 