THE M.ORELAND GHOST. [I his adventure occurred some time ago, but the real facts were never before publislhed.] (1r H. WARiEN) It was not often in the annalsof thle ouiet town of .loreland, that a ghost becacme the objects of everyone's thoughts, yet at this time it was so. For many nights, travellers who had been out late, when coming along Sydney road, had been frightened by an apparition, clad in white, and moving at a pace so that no one could hear its footsteps. The lirst to make public this phantasy was a lad namned Jake Sloggers. Hle, so 1 read inlThe Mrldium, was proceeding along Sydney road about 11.30 p.m. when he was startled to see comiug towards him, at a quick ghost like pace, a white figure. To use his own intellectual version, " I seen a thing like us if he had a night-gorn on, an' if he had on his feet running ashoes. I felt my 'air rise up, an' a cold feeling in my stomach. I couldt'nt shout. I could'nt run. I stood stock still. It came nearer an' nearer 'til it last touched me; 'twas then I shouted and called and run. 'Cross the paddlock 1 went, frightened to look behind for fear it was after me." So ended his story. The next person who was astonished by this phantom was the vicar. He was re turning from North Coburg about midnight, when he was startled by hearing ,a low .mum.Ulibd'chtnuhipm: ',OnaAlotOp amnrahi5 lie vri. .urpctI-u iou. a i eWin ebo.tliystbieu' following him. In a monment he thought of Jake Sloggers adventure, and so be quickened his step. Once again he turned, and ob served that the ghost had also quickened his pace. "What shall I do?" he asked hlimserlf. At last lIe made up his nindt to run, and it would have been a strange sight to see toe Rev. Cadwallidor Limpley, at 12 o'clock at night, pursued by the ghost. Thisacount I also got from the paper; and 1 would wait aniriously for its arrival, so that 1 might see who was thle next victim of this strange and unnecountable plsenomenou. You can picture to yourself, the sensation this mystery caused. Moreland was shocked and staggered. It twans chocked becanuse such a thing as aghliest should inhabit their town; antd it was staggered for the reason that night after night the mystery remained un solved. At this time I had a bad cold. It seemed to set worse every night. I could not, try as I would, find the reason why it be. camse worse. These facts may seem in. appropriate to my story, but we shall see. Morelandl had at last come to its senses. A band of men, under the leadership of Sam Perverly. had maule up their minds to rid the town of this pest. So with pistols,sticks and stones, they determined to wait on Syd. ney-road, near the local tramway, and give the ghost a warn reception. As I lay in my warm bed that night. and heard the wind ihowl around the house, I could not help being glad that I was not out searching for the ghost. " Why does he do it 1" I asked myself re ferring to the ghost.- Again and again I asked the same question, and then I fell asleep. I coultl, even in my sleep, hear the wind. How cold I felt. Ugh I What is this?-1 woke, and found myself in two feet of water, that had accumulated in a quarry hole. 1 uooked down, and yaw I was attired only in a night-gown and cap. Plup, plup, plip I some stones struck nme. What could it mean? T'hen the awful thought dawned on me; I had walked in my sleep and so unintentionally been the Moreland ghost. Smother missile struck me. Then I re membered ham Pererly's party; so I took to my heels antd ran. Oh the shouting, the yelling, the commo tion, the confusion I I was pursued by about twenty men, all of whom seeing.my evident, fear tooki heart, and so rushed after me. I was now -nearing the tramway sheds. Could I find refuge there ? No; the door was locked. On, on, on, I rusheld, my hare feet getting cut and bruised at every step. I was just desparing, when I remembered the lane, that ran from Sydney road to the rear of our house, passing with a curve into Moreland road. If I could reach there I was safe. The lane was reached. Before my pursuers could turn into the lane, I had scaled the fence, and was lying still as death, on tIhe inside of the pallings, waiting for the men to pass, for I knew a false move would betray me. I heard the shouts of the. men .as they went by. Then I was safe. I found the back key on tne ledge over the door (that is iwhere we used to leave the key when any of our family were absent) and was soon snugly in bed ' Two things were the result of -this night's adventure; one, that the .Morelandl ghost was never seen again, the other that 1 had -a serious illness, the result of the nights I spent in the onen air, alone with .tlhe ducking I gotuin the water hole. Yet this ducking did some good; it stopped my sleep-walking ever since, and laid the JIMorelind ghost. 