WOMEN'S KMP BOOK. I -wonder if this is the precursor of the New Man : Wanted.— Boy, Housework and Boots. Apply ? That ' housework ' seems to speak for itself — or the boy. But perhaps tne advertiser is a crabby old miso gynist who wants to get even with our much abused sex. Queer cablegram about the Indian frontier trouble : The tribesmen refused to face tbe bayo net, but Btubbomly held tbe pass for four hours until completely dmnoraliBod by the fire of Maxims and shells. 1 suppose it wouldn't, do to cable the trne account about these little af fairs. We might find thac the world's bravery is not confined to the noble Britisher. By the way, what an appropriate name for a general is that of Blood. Sort of makes one shiver, doesn't it P I feel quite hurt that the Sydney Telegraph or any paper should make fun of our Sir Philip. It's too bad, and after all perhaps he isn't any worse — even if no better — thau any other we mi^ht get. Poor Sir 'hilip ; his ' much to Hay about nothing ' is not appreciated abroad as it. is at home. We Tastnttnians like our bit of hnmbug, dou't we ? We get what we waut, aud plenty of it. Mr. Chamberlain li as been telling Colonel Lasseter that : — The military authorities were much im pressed with the soldier-like qualities of tlie New South Wales rifles while they were at Alderebot. Which I suppose is intended to make Australians generally sorry that they haven't more of the Syd ney sort of swashbuckler. Ah well, we can't all afford to keep two Sun day frocks. A letter in the Launceston Daili Telegraph has for heading, ' Ans tralian Nomenclature.' Any nomen clature there may be in it is most certainly not Australian. Tbe writer has solved tbe difficulty of naming Federated Australia by ac cording the ' etymologically perfect' coinage of ' Australbion ' honorable mention; but fora simple appella tion which simply flattens out all philological competitors for the honor of naming the infant that is to be, ' Austranglia' is the correct pea. Just fancy ! Australia is now Orsetrailyer ; Austranglia would of course be Or-strangle-yer. Isn't that sweetly suggestive of ? ? By the way, liaB any spiritualist enthusiast heard from Solomon Blay's ghost on this matter ? The Gaylor (Kan.) Herald re cords that the experiment tried there a year ago of electing -women to fill all the city offices proved a complete success, the business being conducted by them in a careful, economical, and efficient manner. A modest young contributor to the children's column of a Northern daily writes : I was quite surprised on reading my last letter to you to find in it two words spelt wrongly. I cannot believe it was iny fault ; I thiuk it mnst have been the printer's. To which the man — I am sure it isn't a woman — in charge of the children's column practically says : 9 Of course it mnst have been tbe printers ; it couldn't have been you. Poor printers, and poor spoilt child ! ' Some Women's Gossip ' in the Tasmakian Mail has a paragraph about the late Sir Charles Lilley : — When he was a lad he accepted the Queen's shilling and joined the army. He woe not n good model for Tommy. One night lie collected his follow soldiers in n bam and addreEend them on the necessity of improving tboir condition. This to the ordinary mind seems rather a sensible thing to do. But the par goes on : — Tho news came to tbe ears of tbe officers, ond young Lilley was sent to another part of the country and punished. 'Which is just what, some of onr Tasmatrian officers would like to do to those who try to impress on the Tasmanian worker ' the neces sity of improving their condition.' But fancy anjoue writing a para graph like that, and without a Bmile. But surely they smiled ! Jn.iA Demos. 