NEWS OF THE DAY. It. Peteb's Cathedral.—On Good Fri- j ay, Bishop Green preached at St. Peter's j edral, morning and afternoon, to large ngregations, the seasonable subjects dltelt upon by the preacher being listened to with much attention. In the morning the Bishop spoke on the words " And the veil of the temple was rent in twain," and amongst many other things he re marked that apart from the atonement of Christ God must appear as a resistless, crushing power only, and said that the sin of the present age was the making too light of sin. Under the shadow of the cross he said it wonld be well for them if they rent aside their veils of suspicion and nnkindness one to another. In the after noon the Bishop took in order the seven last utterances from the cross, " Father," said he, began the first utterance, and " Father" the last. In the first exclama tion a new humanity was preached—for giveness to enemies—and in the words " For they know not what they do" he hinted how there might be a ray of hope for the worst, even for a Judas. It was veiy easy to say " Father," he said, when all went smoothly, but Christ taught his followers that it could be said even in the darkest hour. It was still " My God" when the anguish was at its extreme, and " "Woman behold thy son" gave the stamp of divine blessing on family life. The words to the penitent thief taught them to beware of presumption in respect to divine mercy and yet again not to despair—men, however, died for the most part as they lived, and death bed repentances were rare. The rude soldier heeded the ciy " I thirst," and he asked " Shall we be worse than him and refuse Christ's thirst for our souls' services ?" The last utterance " It is finished" he said was one of trust and confidence, and the work accomplished too profound for any limit. In the evening the Eev. Dr. Boss appropriately touched upon the subject and hoped all would be better for what had been so impressively put before them that day. Tektebfield.—Mr. Herbert, the Go vernment Clerk of Works, at Armidale, arrived in town on Wednesday, for the purpose of inspecting the alterations to the old police barracks and post office, recently carried ©ut by Messrs. Williams and Day respectively. The inspector found the works carried out faithfully and according to specifications, and on behalf of the Works Department passed same.—Ho selections were taken up at the Lands Office yester day.—A youth named Sntton, an appren tice from the Training Ship Sobraon, em ployed by Mr. W. F. Everett, met with a rather painful accident on Tuesday. In accordance with usnal cnstom he was re turning home up Manner-street after watering the horses, when the animal he was riding became unmanageable, and dashed into the gate, unseating the lad, who fell against the gate, the result being several braises to the body and a dislocated foot.—Drake Mining : Our correspondent, under date April 12, writes: Since writing last, Ward Brothers, of Mount Carringfcon, have had 10 tons of stone crushed at the All Nations Mill, for a yield of 19$oz. of smelted gold. The Adeline Mill is now engaged on a large parcel of stone from the Nil Desperandum, also a few tons from the " Lone Hand," the latter parcel is ex pected to give a good return. The " Lady Hampden" company this week forwarded four tons of sulphide ore to Sydney for treatment.— Friday's Coubieb. Glen Innbs.—Whether it is to be at tributed to the extremely dry weather or pure carelessness, we know not, but cer tainly fires have become unpleasantly fre quent of late, and unfortunately bringing in their trial heavy loss to sufferers. We regret to learn that Mr. J. Worthing ton, the well-known poultry breeder, a deserv ing resident of Glencoe, has just experi enced a slice of bad fortune through this canse. In his case, we believe, a fire on Wednesday completely destroyed bis resi dence and all its contents, which included a large sum in hard cash. We have only received meagre particulars of the disaster, but understand Mr. Worthington was not insured and be estimates his loss at £500. —We are pleased to learn that Master E. Kinsella, third son of Mr. P. Kinsella, who recently passed the Public Service ex amination, has been.appointed to a position in the lands office, Sydney.—Mr. Daley, our assistant C.P.S., has received a wire asking him if he will submit himself as an appli cant for C.P.S. and Land Agent at Port Macquarie. -Friday's Examiner. Death.—Genuine regret was expressed yesterday (says Friday's Tamwoeth News) when the sad word went round the town that " Jack" O'Brien had died the previ ous night in the Armidale Hospital from influenza. The young fellow was the sixth son of Mr. Charles O'Brien, fettler, who occupies one of the railway gate honses on the Armidale road, and was very generally liked. For. some time past he had Been travelling as assistant to Mr. Boucher, re presenting Messrs. M'Arthur and Co., of Sydney; and was in Tarn worth as late as Saturday night last, apparently in the best of health. He went to Armidale by the early train on Monday morning. The body was brought to Tainworth last night. [The nnfortunte young man was admitted to the Armidale Hospital at 11.30 a.m. on Wednesday, and died the same evening at 5 o'cloek, he having arrived here from Glen Innes suffering from a severe attack of in flenza, and was under medical treatment in Armidale several days before being ad mitted to the hospital.) Grafton Cibcutt Court.—The Mayor yesterday (remarks Friday's Examinee) received an intimation that the Assizes set down for next week, to be presided over by the Chief Justice, will not be held, bnt postponed till the October sittings. This means that there will be only one Circuit Court held this year at Grafton. The rea son assigned for dispensing with the April assizes is that there were no criminal or civil cases set down for hearing, except a charge of alleged larceny against Andrew Waltz, and this stands postponed to the Quarter Sessions. The case against Eliza beth Margetts, of Casino, has been reduced from one of child murder to concealment of birth, and it has been set down for the Lis more Sessions. Maurice Walsh, committed at the Coraki Police Conrt for alleged con-r spiracy, will uIbo be tried at Lismbre,—[A similar thing was done at Yass, and we thoroughly approve of it, as it saves a deal of public money being uselessly spent.— Eds. A. E.J Invebell.—The following are thedocal vital statistics for quarter ending 31st March: Births,51; deaths,20; marriages, 16.—The land revenue for March quarter was as follows: £9329 18s. Id.; C.P.S. de partment, £252 7s. lOd.—We regret to! learn that the hayshed and contents at Keera were burnt to the ground on Wed nesday last. The damage is estimated at about £309. Mr. Munro was in Invereli at the time.—A serious accident befell a youth named Joseph Oliver, on Tuesday, last, at Eddy Park. He was riding a horse, when the animal bolted and ran the ladfr against a tree. He was picked up in an unconscious condition—from which he only revived on Wednesday morning—and im mediately conveyed to Invereli, when it was found that the thigh was broken, be sides various other contusions and bruises. —On Sunday morning, about 9.30, a dis astrous fire occurred at Eden Heights, the residence of Mr. Thomas Jones, about four miles from Tingha. All the family, with the exception of Mrs. Jones, were absent at the time. When the fire was first seen it had only just started, but on account of the dry weather no water was available. The loss is estimated at between £350 and £400. Part of the dwelling and wine store was burnt to the ground. The wine store contained 500 gallons of wine, between one and two tons of potatoes and onionB; also preserved fruits and jams. Mr. JoneB also lost in the fire £14 in notes, several pounds in silver, and a gold watch and chain. The origin of the fire is unknown. The place was uninsnred.— -Aegus. Dentistry.—Mr. Bobfc. Hamilton, Sur gical and Mechanical Dentist, Busden street, Armidale. AU the latest improve ments in American Surgical and Mechani cal Dentistry at Reform Prices, viz., Artificial Teeth from 5s., Pall Sets from £2 2s. . Teeth filled with Gold and other fillings from 10s. Teeth extracted without pain, 5s. All work guaranteed. Teeth extracted, 2s. fid. Patients allowed' - suitable terms. All work at Sydney Prices. Note address—Eusden-street, opposite St. Kilda Hotel.—499. Hillgrove Crushtngs.—The Baker's Creek G.M. Co.: The battery cleaned up yesterday for a return of 56Soz. I7dwt. smelted gold from 549 tons stone—405 from Smith's Beef, and 144 from the Big Beef.— Eleanora Gold and A. Mining Co. i The battery during the past fortnight crushed 480 tons, the yield from which was 185$ozs. smelted gold, which with 144ozs. contained in concentrates saved, during the same period makes a total of 329Jozs.—Sunlight G.M. Co.: The battery for the fortnight has crushed 300 tons from the Sunlight lode for 168oz. retorted gold and 110 tons from the Blacksmith's Beef for 38|ozs., and approximately 12ozs. in 3 tons concentrates, making a total of 208a©zs, smelted gold. Water is very scarce, and there seems at present veiy little prospect of mote than a few hours' crushing per day.—West Sun light Beef Co.: A little stoping over No. 3 level, also No. 1, has been kept going, en abling the battery to crash 152 tons, the yield from which was filjozs. smelted gold, and 40ozs. in the concentrates, total for the fortnight lOlyozs. smelted gold. 15 tons of concentrates were sent away to Wallaroo during the week. The supply of water hai decreased very little this week, owing" to the battery only working half power and the dam being protected from cattle.— Saturday's Guardian. For Influenza, Coughs, Colds, &c.;, ueu Coleman & Sons* Eucalypte Extract. Eastee Sebyices.—During holy week the usual special services were held at St Mary's (B.C.) Cathedral, and were attended by very large congregations. On Holy Thursday, Pontifical High Mass was eel® brated by his Lordship Bishop Torreg giani, assisted by the Very Bev. Dean^ O'Connor and Bev. Fathers O'Neill and O'Sollivan. The Nun's Choir, of St. TJrsuline Convent, rendered the music for the mass, and sang the hymn " Pange Lingua" during the procession. On Good Friday, at 9 a.m., the service was conducted by Dean O'Connor, assisted by Father^ O'Neill and O'Sullivan, the Cathedral Choir •rendering " Popule Mens" (Palestrina) and the processional hymn " Vexilla Begis," without accompaniment, and -Gounod's " Ave Verum" (duet and chorus) was sang, accompanied by four violins. On Saturday, ceremonies commenced at y a.m. and High Mass at 8 o'clock, the Nun's Choir rendering the music. On •Rater Sunday the services were very largely attended. At 8 o'clock mass was cele brated by Dean O'Connor, when about 200 received Holy Communion. At 11 o'clock the Dean officiated at mass, and also preached the sermon which had special reference to the universal celebration of ChxiBt rising from the dead in all the Christian Churches throughout the world. The Cathedral Choir rendered selections from Mozart's 12fch Mass, and also sang Cellini's " Haec Dies" and " Begina Coeli" during the service. The Lynch Family.—On Thursday •evening last the Lynch family of bell-: ringers, glassophonists,' and variety enter tainers performed to a poor house in the Town Hall, and went through a pro gramme which was of an enjoyable cha racter, and merited a larger attendance than they received. The evergreen bell ringing items were loudly applauded, while the beautiful glassophone melodies were "highly appreciated, Mr. J. S. Parlat-to, an old favourite, received encores for each of his character and descriptive songs, and appears not to have lost any of his hold upon the public, and, moreover, se veral of his items were quite new to an Ar midale audience. Mr. G. W. Bentley sang^ several songs which took on immensely,, and Messrs. B. and W. Lynch proved to be very successful entertainers in. the comic, line. In Mr. Bitter the company have anf excellent pianist, and it is a pity they were not more liberally patronised as their en tertainment thoroughly deserved it. The Sugar Beet Industry.—Writing -from Sydney a correspondent says: The proposal of Mr. Lee, M.L.A., to establislf* the sugar beet industry in Tenterfield anmt -ether parte of New England has, it would seem, come to grief. At any rate, it has been suspended. Without a great diffi culty Mr. Lee got a number of farmers in his electorate to promise to produce a cer tain quantity of beet roots per annum, un der conditions mutually agreed upon. That work having been accomplished, he -told the farmers-that he intended going to the London market for capital to erect crushing and refining plant. To my mind that was an indication that Mr. Lee had not much confidence in his scheme. For "the capital required was, he said, only £70 (?), and if the enterprise was the good thing he represented it to be, there should have been no difficulty in getting the re • quisite capital in New South Wales. But in view of the eomplexremovalof the sugar dnties, there was not a capitalist in this colony who would invest a single ten-pound note in the speculation. Perhape it was -thought that some capitalists in England would be more gullible than the local posS sessors of surplus coin, but they have proved that, so far as the proposed sugar industry is concerned, they are not. Ger man beet sugar, they told Mr. Lee in effect, will be poured into New South Wales in such quantities and in such prices when ibfe, duties are completely removed that the local beet sugar producers would not have a ghost of a show against the foreign manufactures. If Mr. Lee did not know that, he must be. very ignorant. No more, I predict, will be beard of tbe Tenterfield beet-root industry until the sugar duties have been re-imposed. This Year's Income Tax.—The Com missioners of Taxation state that Satur day, the 24th instant, is the prescribed date of payment for the income tax for the current year. Sixty days' grace from that date are allowed, after which a penalty of 10 per cent, will be enforced on unpaid .amounts. In cases where taxpayers - are -aggrieved at their assessments objections^ should be made in writing in the prescribed iorm, which may be obtained from the &ef; partment. In numerous cases where the income of 1896 was shown to be less than -that of 1895 claims for overpayment have been allowed. Sad Death.—We regret to announce the death of Mrs. Sattler, wife of Mr. H. Sattler, which sad event took place on Friday morning last, at her residence, Oostwyck Boad, after an illness of about five weeks. The deceased, who was 22 years of age, was the youngest daughter of Mr. John Simmons, of Bald Knobs, and -was married about seven months ago. During her illness she had constant medi cal attention and the careful nursing of the members of her family, but the com plication of complaints from which she suffered proved too much for her constitu tion, and she passed away at the time stated. The deceased was highly esteemed for her many excellent qualities by those who had known her from girlhood, and much sympathy has been expressed to wards her husband and members of tbe family at her untimely death. The funeral took place on Saturday afternoon in the Church of England cemetery, Armidale, and was very largely attended, a number of wreaths and floral emblems being placed on the coffin as it was lowered into the grave. . A Btriking illustration of the influence of fatigue upon the nervous system is afforded by an experiment conducted by an Italian physician some months ago. Twenty-four bicycle riders who had ridden thirty-two miles in two hours and a quarter were ex amined with reference to their bearing, and it waB in nearly every instance found to be defective. After two hours' rest the hear ing had become normal in most of them. The Hon. J. N. Brunker returned to Maitland on Friday from the Federal Con vention, owing to the serious illness of his soil. 