DRAMATIC NOTES. It Anil be good news to everyone in terested in the Australian .stage to learn that Mr. G. S. Tithcrailge has decided to remain iu the colonies after all. For nearly two decades he has been one of the most prominent figures in the profession here, and has come to be looked upon as belong ing to Australia. The tie is not likely to be severed for Fonie time to come, at any rate, for, now that the Brough Company has gone, Mr. Titheradge has agreed to re turn to nis former management-Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove; As leading man in their companies he made many sue- j cesses in past years, and can do the same j again. For the present he has left for i Sydney, and-will apjiear in the first pro-j duction there of "Two Little Vagabonds" j next Saturday. He is rehearsing the part i | played in Melbourne by Mr. Julius Knight. I j Miss Lily Titheradge, who made her debut' not long ago with the Brough Company, I j accompanies her father, and has an im- j I portant part assigned to her as one of the ; j "little vags," upou whom the piece greatly i : depends. I Miss Maggie Moore is certain of a warm ' j welcome back to Melbourne this evening, j She appears at the Theatre Royal with Mr. II. R. Roberts in one of her new pieces, "Jaqueliua." | For the last few nights of the present week Mr. (Jeorge Rignold has been draw ing fair houses at the Sydney Theatre J Royal with his pug-dog and baby farce! "Confusion." This evening there is to be a revival of "Romany Rye," with Miss Roland Watts Phillips iu her old part of the gipsy. j MisB Yivienne Dagmar and her husband, Mr. Willis, both members of the ill-starred, Adair Company, sailed for India (says the j "Sydney Morning Herald") by the Armand Bchic last week. The home of these artists is in Calcutta, and that they were able! to return was due to the friendly exertions j of the recent matinee committee, with the J added assistance of Mrs. Todd, who col Iected a considerable sum on their behalf, j Miss Colbourne-Baber, remembered here in comic opera eight or ten years ago, is among the artistes engaged for the London season of ballad concerts arranged by Messrs. Boosey and Co. Mdme. Lilla Har rison is now the lady's nom de theatre. "The French Maid" closes Its brilliant run in Sydney this evening, and a six- nights' revival of "The Gay Parisienne" succeeds it at Her Majesty's Theatre. In Adelaide Mr. Frank Thornton is con tenting himself with the Bijou Theatre the small house in King William street, which used to he known as White's Rooms and Garner's Theatre. He commences busi ness this evening with "Miss Brown." The Bracy Opera Company hare been doing well at the bigger Adelaide house the Theatre Royal. Miss Celia Mavis, in "The Beggar Student," is said to call up recollections of Miss Juliet Wrav. Mr. G rattan Riggs began a season at the Brisbane Opera-house on Monday with his old play, "The Irish Detective." He is sup ported by what was lately known as the llolloway-Amlerson Company. The piece will be recollected as affording the versatile Irish comedian mi opportunity to imper sonate seven types of national characters, viz., the detective, a rough North country man, a Chinaman, a negro, an Italian pad ronne, a German glazier, and aji old Irish I applewoman. The current number or the American magazine entitled "The Cosmopolitan" de votes en illustrated article to a Japanese actor named Danjuio, who i* known, not as the Dan Leno, but as "the Irving of Japan He is said to be »o versatile that he plays priest and soldier, acrobat and tutor, emperor and down with equal skill; while i» wonieu parts lie excels. Danjuro. it appears, lias tned to introduce "Hamlet' to the stage in a Japanese version; but we are told, that the o.uatencc saw '-iioUiing in it but the ghost." Miss Haddon Cliambera* and Com.vns Carr's new drama, "Jn the Days of the Duke," has been successfully produced at the Adelplii. The prologue passes in 1799, when Colonel W«ll£nley, afterwards Duke of Wellington, was defending a lonely fort in the hius in Southern India, while the rest of the play, carrying us on for 16 years, presents the stirring events ..of June, IBIS, in Brussels, and at the ever famous his torical farm of Ilougoumont after the battle*. 