BY MES. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XXI.—SIR ARTHUR TREGENNA. . For one moment, he thought'-the dead had risen; for one moment lie stood -speechless and spellbound; . for one brief, horrible moment lie thought he \- saw Katherine Dangerfield looking at him across her own grave ! She made 110 attempt to speak, but stood with her icy gaze fixed upon him—her face • changeless, marble in its expression. He '•was first to break the silence. “Miss.Herneastle!” lie gasped. “You!” Her eyes left him, and lie moved. "While they were riveted upon him he -had stood as one under a spell. ■“I, Sir Peter!” The low, soft, sweet tones lingered like music on the ear. , “And I fear I have startled you again; but I never dreamed of seeing yon “Nor I. you. ' What .brings - you, :i . ■stranger, to this place of all.places, Miss 'Herneastle, so srfvyi after yoyr f He asked the tfjuet-vuon angrily and sus piciously. Surely there ijvas something ominous and sinister in this woman- who looked enough like the dead girl to have been her twin sister, and who visited her grave so speedily after, her arrival. , Miss Ilerncasile drew her mantle About her tall, slim figure, and turned “I came out for a walk,-. Sir-Peter. I Jiave been in the schoolroom.all day, and ."I am not used to such close confinement. 3 asked my lady’s permission- to” take a . walk, and she gave it. I arri a- rapid walker, and I soon found myself here, like town behind. It looked so peaceful, .;so calm, so inviting, that I entered. This .lonely grave attracted me, and I was .•treading the inscription as you came-up. If I had known at could have 'mattered "An any way—that I would have disturbed ranyone by coming—I should not have i come!” She bent her head respectfully, and .moved away. Dressed all in black, .-moving with a peculiarly- swift, noise : Jess, gliding step, she looked not unlike :.a phanthom herself fitting-, among the \- graves. ' And in what an emotionless, 'level monotone she had spoken, as a v.eh'Qd repeats a lesson learned by rote! He stood and looked after her, darkly, 'distrustfully. It. seemed plausible enough: but that hidden instinct that comes to us to warn us of danger told Slim something was wrong. “Who is she?” he repeated—“who is .-she? Enough like Katherine to be her ftwin sister! Who is she?” He stopped .-suddenly. “ Enough like Katherine- to "be her twin sister? Who was there to -.- say Katherine never had a sister? He knew nothing of her or her family, -save what Mrs Vavasor chose to tell. Katherine might have had a dozen sis ters for what he or she ever knew.” A gleam came into his eyes; he set, his teeth with some of his old bull-dog re solution. “Katherine is dead and buried —nothing can alter that, and this young -Woman, and this Herneastle, is more -Slice her than it is possible for any but ^sisters to be. I’ll find out who Miss Herneastle is, and all about her, and -•What’s she here for, before I’m a month -older!” ( * .. • * * •' “Queenie,” Lady Dangerfield said, “I Sind we shall not be moped .to death \--down here, after all; we shall have two •gentlemen more than we counted on— ^Slr Andrew Tregenna and Major Frank, llada^fov our'lawn plrrty ' this afiteit, :noon. I wonder-what sort of a croquet player.Sir Arthur is, by-tne-o>e. “Ginevra, I wish you hadn’t asked Wajor Frankland down here. I detest ?£hat man! Sir Peter is jealous. The • odious familiar way he addresses y.ou, -too, and liis horrid, coarse. commMi -place compliments!- Bah! Why doesn’t "be try to be original, at. least?” -“Queenie, I wonder why you dislike ■hint so much?” “I dislike all mere clubroom loungers, -.-all well-dressed tailors’-blocks, without • one Tdea in their heads; or one honest, manly feeling-in their hearts. Major Frankland knows Sir Peter hates hint. •If he were a right- feeling man, would 'lie come at all, knowing it?” “ Certainly he would, when I in •Vite him. If Sir Peter doesn’t like the friends I ask, then I would re •eommend Sir Peter to keep out of -their sight. By the way, what was 'that ’long discourse you and he had last even ing about? Natural philosophy?” • “No; ghosts,” answered Lady Cecil. ■*‘He believes in ghosts. He isn’t positive -.yet that Miss Herneastle is not the dis embodied spirit of that poor girl that 'died here; and he says there is a place •three miles off—Bracken Hollow, I be lieve—haunted to a certainty.” “My opinion, is,” said Sir Peter’s wife, •“that Sir Peter is in a very bad way,.and that we shall be taking out a decree of lunacy against him one of these'days. Sir Deter may not absolutely be mad. but in (the elegantly allegorical language of the day, his head’s not right." “What is that about Sir Peter?” in ■quired -the earl, sauntering up. “Mad, is he, Ginevra? ’Pon my life I always -thought so,since lie committed .liis crown ing folly of. marrying you. Bray, what ■has he done lately?” “Nothing more than the Right Honor able the Earl of Ruysland has-done be fore him—talked of seeing ghosts.. He takes Miss Herneastle, the governess,, for a ghost; so did you. Now, uncle Raoul, Whose ghost did you take her for?” “Oh, yes, I remember,” said the earl, . placidly; “but she did not disturb me very •' .greatly. She has a vague sort of resem blance to a lady dead and gone. • Oh! by -the way, I am going into Oastleford. Is there, anything I can do for . either of you ladies?” : j “If you are going into CastleCord, iny lord,” said Ginevra. “I have two-dr1 -three commissions .1 wish you would? execute.-; ■Queenie, where-’are you going?. It will \- not detain me an instant.” •’ - “I am going to the nursery'.-' - Lessons are over by this time, find Pearl says no one can make dolls’ dresses;with the.skill She left the room. Lady Dangerfield looked after her. then at. her uncle, with 1 a malicious smile. f “If you really want Cecil to marry \- Sir Arthur Tregenna, all your finesse, all your, diplomacy will be required. I fore see thirty thousand a year trembling in the balance. She is inclined to rebel— -talks about being sold, and the rest of it.” “She' shall marry Sir Arthur.” the earl responded, serenely; “it is written—it is destiny. And now write out your list \- quickly, my dear. I shall be late as it is.” Lady Cecil reached the schoolroom. Lessons were ere long ended, and Miss Herneastle put by her books, walked .across the room, and stood looking wear ily out of -the window at the mellow after noon radiance. . The twins pleaded piteously, for the \- game of “tag,” and aunt Cecil consented. The dolls were flung down in' an igno minious heap, and Lady Cecil followed • out of doors in chase of the children with a zest that for the moment equalled their own. And thus it was, flushed, breath less, dishevelled, laughing, romping like -a girl of twelve, Sir Arthur Tregenna saw her first. All agiow, all breathless; she came full upon Sir Arthur. He was laughing from sympathy with that merry peal. If she had striven for a thousand years to bewitch him she could never have succeeded half so well as in this moment, when she was not thinking of him at all. She stopped short—still laughing, blushing, and aghast. “Lady Cecil Clive, I believe?” He took off his hat, and stood bare headed before her—tall, noble, gravely smiling, as Lady Cecil gave him her “Sir Arthur Tregenna. I am sure; Did you not meet—Pansy, be quiet—did you not meet papa? He left here to go to the "I did not meet him. Probably I pass ed him, for I left the station innnedi “Then permit, me to welcome you in his stead. Ail, here is papa now and Major Frankiand.” “-My dear boy—my dear Arthur.”’ The earl sprang out of 'the carriage, and shook the young baronet's hand with ef fusion. "Such a contretemps—just a mo ment too late. I saw you drive off, and I returned with Frankiand. Major Frank laud.of the —til Lancers—Sir Arthur Tre "Aw. my dear Lady Cecil, charmed to. see you again, and looking so well.” said .the major; “but then we all know, to our cost. La .Tteino Blanche invariably looks her U“Kt on every occasion. -tad here comes our charming hostess. Aw. Lady Dangerfield. so happy to meet you once more. London has been a perfect desert without you.” And then the mistress of Searswood was greeting and welcoming her guests, and the first detachment of the lawn party began to arrive, and in the bustle Lady Cecil made her escape. “The sultan has come, and his slave must wait until it pleases him to throw the handkerchief,” she murmured, bitter ly. “He comes here to inspect me as he might a horse or a house he- wanted to buy; and if I suit him I am to be bought. If I clo not- Oh, papa! papa! how could you subject me to so,shameful an ordeal?” A short while after this, there was a knock at Lady Cecil’s door, ai^u Lady Dangerfield appeared. Mv lady was all summery muslin, Valenciennes lace, and yellow roses, her black eyes alight, her cheeks glowing with pleasure and liquid “Come, Queenie, you are to be on the opposite side; first red, and all that. Every one has come, and Sir Arthur and the major are on the croquet ground. Really, Cecil, Sir Arthur isn’t bad-loolcing —that is to say, if he were not beside Major Frankiand. Comparisons are odious, and beside him-” “Of course, beside him, the Angel Ga briel,' if he were to descend, would appear to disadvantage. Ginevra, Sir Arthur looks as if he had common-sense, at least—more than I can say for your p.et military poodle. Poor little Bijou! If he only knew what a dangerous rival has come to oust him!" I The two ladies descended together to the croquet ground—an admirable foil— blonde and brunette . The major and Lady Dangerfield play ed a vigorous game, sending their adver saries’ balls to the farthest limits of space, and never missing a hoop. Lady Cecil Clive played abominably; her side was beaten ingloriously in every game. All the time Sir Arthur’s eyes were up on the fair Cecil, and Sir Arthur was speculating as to whether or no she was fitted to be his wife. "Wliat a fair, sweet,, proud face it was, how much soul in the softly lustrous eyes, how much gentle ness, goodness, about the perfect lips. Could any one who looked like that—who love’d little children and played with them, a very child herself, be the cold blooded coquette,the vain flirt who tram pled oil hearts wholesale, for her selfish, gratification? No, no; a hundred times no! Such a face must mirror a pure and spotless soul, eyes like these took their kindness and their sweetness from a gentle and womanly heart. “Her loveliness makes men her cap tives. How can she be blamed for that?” he thought. ! Sir Arthur was predisposed to be . pleased. He wanted to fulfil a father’s I dying wish and marry his old friend's I daughter. • The days went rapidly by at Sears wood, and a week had passed since the afternoon of Sir Arthur Tregenna’s and Major Frankiand’s arrival, and a very animated week it had been. Lady Dan gerfieid never grew weary in well-doing; her fertile brain originated pleasure party after pleasure party with an assiduity worthy a better cause. There had been boating parties, croquet, and drives and gallops to every interesting spot for miles around. There had been Fortnum and Mason’s hampers, chickens and cham pagne, pates de foie gras, and claret cup. on land and sea. And now a genuine old fashioned pic-nic to the seashore was un der way. ** A week had passed since Sir Arthur s arrival—seven long summer days and nights under the same roof with Lady Cecil, the greatest flirt of the season. Wh'at did lie think of her by this time? Ho one could have told, not the young lady, certainly, to whom his manner was calm, friendly, and genial, but as far removed from her experience of love making as it was possible to imagine. So far as Lady Cecil could see, all her beautv, and brightness, and fascinations were so many arrows that glanced off his polished chain-mail armor. She ivas singularly free from vanity; in a calm way she was conscious of her own great beauty, as she was of her proud old name, but the smallness of personal con ceit she had never felt. Sir Arthur could tell her of Australia, and its wonderful hidden wealth; of bright, busy, transatlantic cities—of Cali fornia, where he had lived for months among camps and mines and the reckless men, the sweepings of the world, who fly there for safety, or for gold. He told her of Algiers, where he had wintered last year, and of how narrowly his life had been saved. Lost on the desert, a flock ol' wild Bedouins, inflamed with rapine and liquor, had swept down upon him with shrill cries. He fought against terrible odds as iong as he could, then just as a lance head had pierced him, a horseman had ridden down like the wind, and, with a ringing Eng lish cheer, had laid about him right and left like a lion. Wherever that flashing blade fell, an Arab bit the dust. Then, faint and sick from loss of blood, he reel ed from the saddle, and opened his eyes in his own quarters in Algiers. “And the gallant Englishman who saved you?” Lady Cecil breathlessly “He was a captain of Chasseurs—his name, O’Donnell. Oddly enough in his quarters one day I came across a book, a very handsome copy of ‘Marmion,’ with your name on the fly-leaf. You had lent it to him, it appeared, and it had never been returned.” “Captain O’Donnell seems fated to save people’s lives,” said Lady Cecil, laughing "He saved mine from drown ing. Did he tell you of it? No? That is like his reticence. Are you aware he is in England? “No; I am not surprised to hear it, though. He mentioned, casually, that he might shortly be in England.” Lady Cecil said nothing, but that night, at parting, she gave Sir Arthur her hand with a kindly cordiality she had never Shown before. • When the morning of the pic - nic came. Sir Arthur, Lady Cecil, the , earl, and a young lady in apple ’ green muslin, went together in the barouche. Lady Dangerfield drove Major Frankland in her pony phaeton. ; The rest of the young ladies followed j in a second barouche, with two cava liers on horseback, the only married lady of the party being the baronet's wife. It was an intensely hot day, the sun pouring down its fiery heat from a sky as deeply blue as that of Italy—the heat quivering in a white mist over the sea. Not a breath of air stirred; the sea lay asleep, , one vast, polished lake, under that globe of. molten gold. 