The Irish Language. (Bv R.D.) The recent revival in the old country of the study of the Irish tongue is a significant and refreshing fact. 'Smart' people, including some 'smart' metamorphosed Irish people, have probably, pronounced the revival a nmfcfcor of nmul'l or rafchor, of no importance, These people are so wrapped up in their worship of the Bread and Butter Deity, that they fail to sec any thing in anv matter that fails to give a return in £ S D, or something tantamount to £ S 1). They are impregnated with utilitarian instincts, and, consequently, consider that the Irish language having no money in it, had bettor not be resusitated — lot it sleep the sleep of tho antiquated ! Alexander Pope, the poot-pliilosoplior, wisely said (Alexander was wise enough to live and die a Catholic), ' A little knowledge i,s a dangerous thing ; drink doop, or touch not the Pierian spring.' Those who pronounce too precipitately that tho Gaelic tongue had hotter lie permitted to quietly sink into oblivion, rank amongst those who sip the Pierian spring with a thimble or a teaspoon, instead of imbibing its rof rushing and enlightening waters out of a royal measure. Those eminent Gaelic scholars, who may bo said to head the movement in question, pronounco tho language to bo a realm of wonders and dolignts. Properly spokon, it is a language full of powor and beauty, and it poasoasas characteristics which mako it tho most faoilo and perfect of languages to roproHont in M.S. It possesses nono of tho trying facilities for ambiguity, for which English is signally famous. And consequently tho 'written word 'is clear, and in no way dubious. Tho Gaolic vooalulary in roniurkublo for curtain loan* ingH which aro practically impressions of the Gaolio oharaotui1. For oxamplo, Irish \a particularly and brilliantly rich in words oxprossivo or tho affections — 'in words of ondoarinout and lovo — and those aro mainly of an onomatopootio character, or, In othoi words, a mysterious appzopriate ncss marks them. Indeed, Irish is, generally speaking, a poetical tongue, full of vigorous and gracious sound. People, not knowing tho language, who have heard it spoken roughly and incorrectly, probably consider it dissonant, but such' is not the case. Indeed, many languages, powerful and comprehensive, and capable of much * sweetness, appear harsh in the ear of an uninitiated listener. The most profound and mysterious depths of human love are, somehow, im pregnated with an atmosphere of piety. Indeed, it would scum that purest love goes hand-in-hand with this still purer virgin, holiness. The Irish language shows, by its excessive richness in words of piety as well as words of endearment, how to these two it opens its big Gaelic heart. The language is a reflex of the race. The Irish language has this peculiarity : the more it is studied, the more its beauties open out to the student. This in contradis tinction to the many studies which promptly disenchant the student, through the ' shal lowuess of the sojl.' It is one of the least dead of ' dead ' or nigh-dead languages. It has too much beauty and vitality to give up the ghost without a struggle, How it lived through times of dreadful British oppression — times when it was a crime to speak it — is a problem which is almost parallel with the triumphant survival of the old fai^h in the old land. The secret, however, is that Irish love preserved them both for the sunrise which has already dawned. There is a vast host of old Irish MSS. extant which yet require investigation and translation. There are treasures of Irish literature which have yet to see the light of day, and which, it is anticipated, will throw a new radianoo upon thojj history and the idiosyncrasies of the Gaelic race. There are beautiful romances, poems, legends, all replete with grace and power, which are as yet in tho obscurity of a generally unstudied tongue. When Irish is hot tor known it will be hotter loved. 