FREE SPEECH'. MAY EEVENDB FIGURES. Treasurer Ftsb asserts that the province is financially saved and that the free and independent voters are in the foil enjoyment of a surplus prosperity. The great Bombastes Figureso hopes that no person of any consequential respec tability will condescend to notice that there ere an ever increasing number of city business premises placarded To Let ; that the nimble shilling is particularly spry in keeping out of the reach of the more common democratic folk of the bnsiness and work-a-day world ; and for all the stir that isn't in the Hobart and Lannceston streets a passing visitor might not know other than that the two cities were peopled by ghosts. According to the statement of the consolidated revenue for May there is a 12£ per cent, ripple upon the waters covering the btdronk of the depression, though Sir Philip tin kered the tariff more than ever in order to banish the despieed twelve and-a-half from Tasmauian finance. Customs for May compared with the corresponding month of 1896, boasted an increase of £3152. Lann cesrou port being top with £1199 ; Hobart, £955; Sfrahan, £640; Dovonport, £163; Burnie, Ulver sfcone, and Stanley also did a little. Other main items of increase were — Postal stamps, £1070; probate, £361 ; rural police rates, £746 ; miscellaneous, which includes con science moneys, £586 ; and the ob jectionable income tax, £219. The total increase being £7611. V Sale of stamps, or rather the Tattersall monopoly license, ac counted for about a seventh part of the May increase, which is not bad for a dull month iti the gambling world. The rural police rates re turned an eleventh, and Customs, in round figures, half. The regis tration of country canines also gave an increase of revenue — 1896, £1 ; 1897, £2 5s. So much for the chief sources of the P. O. F. financial prosperity. ??? The obverse is that cloudiness which insists upon making itself felt by decreases on items that should be most responsive to the proper de velopment of resources, Bents and fees under the the 1893 Mining Act Ehowed a falling off of £438 ; railway revenue, £767; electric telegraph fees, £160; land tax, £57; com panies' tax, £50 ; and, consequent upon a poverty stricken revenue sweated people being unable to afford the assuagement of the great Bnei-itah thirst, excise has gone baok £57. So P. O. F.'s finance mostly rests upon the gambling monopoly and the Customs squeeze. Therefore let Tasmania jubilate, es pecially as the continuance of the existing policy of sweat and re trench will ensure plenty of cheap labor for the Mt. Lyell and Anchor mines, so soon as the managements have time to bestow upon the matter. 