THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. On the 4th of this month a Brisliane paper wrote in all seriousness. ' To day will become memorable in the annals of Brisbane and Australia. In this city a vote is to be taken against spend ing £$0,000 in wood paving.' As even Australia cannot expect to have two memorable days in the one monin. ineie can be nothing exceptional about this day which will see only the assembling of the convention duly elected tu frame a constitution for a federated Australia. In Queensland (the Central and Northern divisions at any rate) the chief feeling will be one of deep regret, ami even to some extent of shame, that this colony is the only oue of the group which is not represented in Adelaide to-day. For that we have wholly to thank the Legislative Council. Led by Brisbane men, and urged on by the Brisbane press, the Legislative Council rejected the bill giving Queensland re presentation in the convention, and rejected it solely in the interests of Brisbane. Federation means freetrade throughout Australia so far as the internal trade is concerned. It means that the Central and Northern divisions would be as free to trade with Sydney as with Brisbane. That was enough for the Legislative Council of Queensland. Any proposal which wonld have the effect of reducing, much less of abolish ing, the utterly illegitimate hold which Brisbane at present possesses on the trade of this and the Northern Division is certain of a short shrift and a long rope at the hands of the Legislative. Council, and this was made perfectly plain over the Federal Enabling Bill. The bill never had the ghost of a chance when it reached that House. Of course it was not rejected openly on the ground of Brisbane interests, the utterly flimsy excuse was put forward that it was rejected because only the representatives of the people were to be permitted to elect the representatives. If the bill had been drawn so that the members of the Legislative Council as well as the re presentatives of the people should elect the representatives, some other excuse would have been found for rejecting it. The excuse offered deceived no one. Everyone knew that the bill was being rejected because it threatened the interests of Brisbane. On the altar of Brisbane interests the Legislative Council deliberately sacrificed the in terests of the colony, and the Federal Convention jieets to-day with represen tatives from every colony present ex cept the colony of' Queensland. If the work of the convention is successful Queensland will have no share in it. She may subsequently be admitted into the federation, but if so she will enter a federation which she had no more voice in forming than the people of New Guinea, who will also come under it. The great question now is, Will the convention succeed? That it will sne ceed in drawing up a constitution no one doubts, but will tint constitution be acceptable to the colonies represented in the convention ? It is one of those questions which anyone can ask and no one answer. All that can be said is that the prospects; lure distinctly brighter than they were a feu months ago. When this movement was first starlit! by Mr. Reid plenty of people were ready to declurn that his only purpose was to remove from himself the reproach of having been tic chief opponent of I he const itii tion drafted in Is!) I. No one accuses him of that now. It is admitted that Mr. lteid i.s perfect ly sincere in his efforts to bring about faderaliun, and it must be acknowledged that so far he has conducted the movement with {jre.it skill and sucers*. He has drawn'into it live out of the six- wlvnim:, an(J with the sixth lie «'us successful in securing the adhesion of the Government and the Legislative Assembly. There are six Governments, six Legislative As semblies, and six Legislative Councils in Australia, aod Mr. Reid was successful in carrying with him all the Govern ments, all the Legislative Assemblies, and five of the Legislative Councils. That is a very remarkable triumph and :i very hopeful augury. If we look behind the Governments and Parliaments to the peoples of the different colonies the hopefulness does not grow less. Public apathy was one of the great obstacles which the leaders of the movement feared. In Tasmania and South Australia the vote w;is not very heavy, but in New South Wales the leading candidate received over 90,000, and in Victoria the candidate at the top of the poll deceived over S0.000 votes. If it besaid that the candidature of Cardinal Moran must Ire credited with part of the interest shown m New South Wales, that answer will not account for the close upon 100,000 men who went to the polls in Victoria. Clearly public interest was awakened in the movement ; and indisputably that interest, was intelligent, the successful candidates being the very flower of the politicians of the various colonios. The preliminary work has been carried through most successfully, but itdoes not follow of coarse that federation will be achieved. Federation means sacrifice. Every power wliich is granted to the Federal Government and Parliament is taken from the provincial Govern ments and Parliaments. How far (lie people are prepared to make tllis C!lPl*i4iro* M'on if if- ic An madded uniformly from the various colonies, it is impossible to say. But it cannot possibly be demanded equally. Some colonies will be required to yield up more than others, or at any rate will think they are yielding op more than others. Thea will come the ruli. Those who are opposed to yielding anything will not he mollified by the fact (hat their colony is required to yield less than others, and it their colony is one of the chief sufferers their opposition will be embittered and intensified. If only the Convention will be content to go slow, to frame a constitution which will give to the federal authority only tbe miaimniu of powers wliich it must possess to be effective, and trust to a growing national feeling to give more in lime — if the Convention will do this the chances of success will certainly be increased. It is expected the Convention wil! finish its labours in a month. Then, according to the Enabling Acts, it is to adjourn for ninety days in order that the various Parliaments may discuss the constitu tion and suggest amendments. Hut wnen tnis arrangement was come to tne celebration of the Queen's reign was not taken into account. Sup pose the Convention sits to the end of April, ninety days later wil! fall at the end of July, when certainly not one of the Premiers will have returned from London. In the mean time all the Parliaments will have been in recess. The celebration in London clearly upsets the arrangements made for the second meetins of the Conven tion, and others uiust be come to. It would be a matter of no difficulty to pass amending Acts extending the time for the second meeting of the Conven tion till six months afi-T the clcse of till' fust. 