Agriculture Made Honorable. When the Emperor of China performs the annual function of standing oetween the plough handles nnd turning n sod, so tlint agriculture '! iriay be dignified in the eyes of the people,' he probably thinks that the mere net carries a certain mnount of degrn dntiun to nn nutocrntic ruler, nnd, perad venture, regrets that the precedent was ever established. Or, mnybe, his shnre in the drama that is supposed to give a fillip to the tilling of. the soil as n means of live lihood iB on n pnr with the lnying of foun dntion stones, &c.;, by our own kid-glove aristocracy, who tap the corner block im pressively with a specially prepnred mallet, nnd declare it ' well and truly laid,' when as a mattor of fact the real work is dono by skilled workmen, and the individual who claims tho honor of adjusting it is sublimely ignorant ns to whether the formula he re peats, is true or otherwise. In like mnnner; .the probnbilities nre thnt if ever nn Em peror of Cliinn did soil -his hands or con taminate his person by taking part in such n meuinl occupntion ns ploughing, the prac tice has long since been discarded, and that nothing but tho ghost of the performance is nVici.rtru.l Tr, nil lib.,i;i.™,l tl,u simply handled a portion of the gear with delicate touch, and his attendants did the rest, while the occasion would be taken ad vantage of for feasting and merriment nrid a display of millinery. If, however, the incident is one thnt is regnrded as eventful by the populnce, nnd the spectacle of a crowned liend turning a furrow carries weight in tlie Celestial Empire, nnd raises the status of the fnrmer's occupntion 011 a level with that of kings nnd princes, the experiment is one that could be followed with advnntage in other lands if a like' result would follow. But how many of tlie nobility or rulers of the nations could go through the ceremony with credit to them selves, and leave a mark in their trail that nn ngriculturist would recognise ns the track of the implement used ? In the Flowery Lnnd, where tlie practice- referred to seems to be of annunl occurrence, re peated attempts in thnt direction . mny.havo drilled the Emperor into n fnir state of pro ficiency in the ceremony, but were our Governors, as regal representatives, cnlled upon to perform the task n denl of nmuBe iuent would probnbly be the main result, and the added dignity would be infinitc simal. 