^gScSsyndE THE PASTORAL CHARGE. \- The animal mcating of Svnod was opened st St. Peter's f!«»H«l 6a 'Monday evening; woes, evensong va* said. The Bar. W. 3. MOae. Precentor. odHaated. and Archdeacon JLarse read the lessons. Among taose present wa* the Bishop of Gualboura. Tim Bishop of Adelaide; Sight Re*. De. TTirm^r delrrercd his Pastoral Address. The jear was a year of note; it was the thirteen - hundredth anniversary of the i-%jyAi^g of Sc Augustine on the shores of Kent; the sixtieth Tear of the reign, of Her Majesty the Queen; tho rear of tha fourth Lambeth. Conference ; and of the Federal Coa veatioa and Methodirt Union. Is was fifty j^ars next St. Peters Day when, with Bishops of Melbourne, Cape Town, and Newcastle, soar wfee master-builder. Augustus Short, was sss apart in Westminster Abbey to be the first Buooa of thi* Diocese ; and that the Jubilee of the Diocese was alsu the Jubilee of St Peter's Collegiate School. He exhorted the Synod to iairiar.fr or complete something; worthr of tha year, and allnded-to the thanksgiving services to be held ia ntaun to the Queen* Xhaatond ?Jubilee. On tuoouxthorityaad the licufctsibns of a Lambeth. Conference he qtu%d the words of Bishop Lightfoot when reviewing? ia his last public utterance the L-jaay of tho Lambeth Conference of 1SSS. TJraae words seemed to him. to express the tuarperand the characteristics of that branch of the Oburch-to- which we belong; 'Bat it Qiarbesaidi this was a very important and very suggestive gathering— but- what was the outcotee* Did it leave behind any result at all proportionate to the imposuur spectacle? What qnetttons did ic settle; -&-pannjr for ever of the relations between Christianity and science, or between religion and politics or social life— questions of infinite perplexity. t*hica are troubling' t''- mitwl« of nxea ia our utTBjEeneration. 'Heaven, be thanked, it did not lay dowa any formal dogma or infallible decree on any ox taeae points. There is such a- thing as hasteaxaetobawise,eTea ia Church Councils aad Conferences. Of *n tha mxniMit Uwmp wfcida God has showered on oar English Church, none- surely is greater *-han the provi ?ience which has shielded her front premature and antnoritativ» sta»meats, which sooa or late aunt be repudiated or explained away, however great mar hare been the temptation from rime to time. The Church of England is Bovhete directly or indirectly committed to the position that the sun goes round the earth; or that this world has only «xhted for sis or seven thousand ycjis; or that the ' days of creation. are days of twenty-four hours each ; or that tire scriptural creneatogies must always be asoeptisl as strict and contianous records of Vte decent front father to sou; or that the tiered hooka were tsritssn ia every case by ;joj-; whose names tidy bear; or that there is tt.'3-fcero allegory, which men have commonly miv.aken for history. On these and similar zx-int» oar Charch* has been silent : though imlividaah. enea men of high authority, have written haatpy aad incautiously. 'Indeed, it would have beea the greatest of all ealamixitt if. at the recent Lambeth Con ference, the Church bad departed from this position. If she had done so. she would have sown aiertSficropof repudiation and subterfuge aad prevarication for future generationa to reap. She has preferred to confine herself to tauee grave moral and social questions with ?which our generation is invited to deal ; she hio considered the relations of the different branches of the Church with a view to the restoration of harmony ana peace j aad she bad suggested method* and lines of action ?s-hich may with advantage be pursued. But sinrhas added no new dogma ou these or on oibsr points. The utterances of the Lambeth Conference are only authoritative in so far as the judgment of a grave deliberative body, summoned as representatives of our Church from, all partsof the earth, speaking and asting tinder the sense of no common responsibility, and aeekiiHr to be raided in ail thincs bv the Holy Spirit, have a claim to authority. Ta this sense I do uot suppose that authority will tu denied them.9 He coarfnued: — The English race has always been attached to liberty. For freedom ocacdaa and of thought afae ha* been concenc ia times past to shed ner blood. The search for troth hss been _to her aa engrossing pa&&ion; * w»»^ this- TtftYifyry**^ feature, cha&teoed; indeed aad consecrated, bat not obliterated, is rvrtf-ctcd ia that branch of the Church which isstK» from the Ansrlo-Saxon stock. TheLadn temperament is dilferent ; it delighta in law. authority, and order, evea though purchased at the risk of coercion. The prophecy ia which her greatest poes assigns to Borne the iodines of government applies to the f-»»™ branch of the Church to-day. Tu reyere u-t- turjt pofjiot, Bomtme, mnunto. Ana the Kdcal resalS is the doctrine of Papal Infalli bility. This contrast between the tempera ment nf jK.» A-iyii»»iT^ ffnd the Roman Church revolts inalo«3 to the one of detiniteaess, to the other of elasticity. Ta«e thoughts arise naturally from the recczc Papal Boll, Aputolicac eunte, ia which th* Talidtsy at AnfrTH-nn orders has been con demned. As you are. of course, aware, this prouoansemmt was not the result of any appeal oa the part of the Anglican Church. a=mig through ner Bishops or her homes of convocation, to the Church of Rome to adju dicate upon the validity of her orders. There was no reference, therefore, to Rome as drriiter no *^!|*n| conceded to the detriment of oar own ecclesiastical independence. Nor, again, was there any real hope that the issue ?wr.jui'l have been otherwise than has proved to be the case. For the concession of the validity of our orders would have ne CMsiuttd logically the abandonment of the elaborate Diocesan machinery icrrodoeed into England by Cardinal trUenian in 1S50, when the Roman Hierarchy w~u established with a metropolitan See at ?Westminster and twelve suffragan Sees, for England and Wales. That Act bad finally decided the question against Anglican orders, anrt decided ia a way too public for retreat. Still, in spite of the fact that the decision was a ioxguaa conclusion, the Bull » interesting from man/ pomts of view. We rejoice tu nstiee thac we find no argument based oa the Nag's Head fable, or on Bishop Barlow's sup pond lack of episcopal orders. We bail with sympathy the noble passage towards the end, which ia its scholarly Latin original, con trasting forcibly with the bald periods of the earlier sections, may well have come from the pea of His Hukness himself, a poet aad a master of Latin style, where the appeal to a- visible unity is atfectin? in its sincerity.. Yet, t&ken; aa a whole, the Boll shows little of that research which it claims ia its opening sentences. Over and above the case of Jbha Gordon, the re-ordained Bishop of Galloway, it refers to »ix documents at must, all of which were printed already and accessible before the Papal Commission was appointed. Among these, one, an obscure letter of Juliia ILL. to Cardinal Pole, forms evidently one in a chain of correspondence bsnreea the Legate aad the Pope, and a1hnft»* to the facnltiott granted previously by letters, from His Holiness. Sandy vre might have expected that the correspondence would have beea published as a whole, or at least the faculties specified, assuming that they still exist hx the Vatican archive?. I draw attention to these omissions in no critical spirit, but simply to show the insuf ficient data on which, the Pope has based bis final condemnation. And vr hen. further, we consider that the weapon which ha* been cauiea to sever the stem of our Church con lianitx. viz^, the temporary omission from our ordinal of the words ' for the office and work vi x Priest' (or ?* Bishop'7) after Christ'* own formula, ' Receive the Holy Ghost,'' cuts off topeth-r with us the whole Eastern Chorea, and goes perilously near to invalidating the Romsa succession likewise, we must indeed admis that Iafallibility has a serious future before it when it ptonoance^ upon imperfect hbtorical evidence and boldly states its reasons. After all, Anglican lovo of liberty. ev*a though attended by soms vagueness, may hi preferable to Booan love of defiaiteuess, purchaiad at such a price as this. I tarn from this topic, which Dresentsno charms to me. so consider the subjects which tst!1_ engage our attention dnrias; oar forth raming session. We can. I think, point with satisfaction to toe legislation inaugurated but y^jar. as deaothuc a desire to widen the scope and efficiency of our synodal action. The alteration ia the Fundamental Provisions to extend to- women the power of voting for the election of Syaodsmea. aad consequently np ler the Model Trust-deed of voting at Ve.strie». was passed last session, and only »ita die caafirmatioa of the special call of Synod required under the Fundamental Pro virii -os. This will be our first act; and I trust the resolution will be decisively confirmed. Li- inj as we da in a colony where female sutrracje ia policies is already in force, it appears to me to be imperative that we should concede similar rights ia our ecclesiasti cal polity, remembering the Apostle's declarations that ia the spiritual kmedom 'tnere is aeisfwr male nor female, but all are oa-? ia Christ Je»s&.' Again, the wish which I expressed last year for a wider field of repre M.iitati'Mi tn Synod appears likely to be re-UIzed to some extent by the applications before the Eiucdon Committee from dttftricts rtnote from Aucliale. I trust that these peti tions win be met by Synod ia a liberal spirit. Ta -re need be no apprebec«ion lest Adelaide ami it*_ suburb* should ceaie to be the centre oF srraviiy of tnSoeace ia tht» Dtoceoc Jiat w» desire to extend to the remoter tjwashjps ^thc feeunx of interest which co operation in. onr deliberations cannot fail to icusnlata. Tmilion should carry repres«at» ti'Mr with it,'at least ta & far greater extent thaa :Uas;been hitherto tLo case. Another piece of fegislation to which I look back with siHscxctran vs. the'additioa of a Diocesan Com mittee to act with the local Patronage Com mittee ra parishes which shall hereafter place tneasslres. under the- Model Trust Deed. Not strong enough numerically to exert a dominant influence,' this.. Diotesaa Committee will be able to secure dae,coa«iderarioo for the dMxm*' of hard-work£ng~ clergy who may be unknown to the local body. This alter* ioa^u, of course, not retrospective; but EfveattuV to suggest to partshfs already under the Model Trust Deed the desirability of amending, their patronage clause so as to tvaQ themselves of it. I take this opportunity ^drawing special attention to that part of the report of tbo Standing Cuurar.tsec whivli relates to the regulatiou of tue Charch of En-- j land Endowment Society. This oscullens j Society, as you are well' aware, meets stuns j ocally rained for tho cnJukvr.-.cnt of any j Thurch or district witlnrnmiiuf *~,!0 for every i Ji2Q so subscribed, thu toial gr.ints not to( exceed £3U0. The allocation ot these grants ' rests with the Standing Committee, which hitherto has used the 'preferential selection' entrusted to it by the ruics to classify the Churches eligible for grants from thu Society. In order to meet objections raised to this coarse. Standing Committee has decided to substitute a strict chronological order, of Churches so eligible, which will in future be endowed according to tho date of the payment of the local contribu tions. Henceforward wuul 1-bo donors : to Church** may rest assured tUmt, whether in a missionary stage or as a fully coaatituted parish, the district which, they intend to oeaefis will receive the »uap!cuwatal grants as sooa as it3 turn coaie*, provided that that grant does aot exceed iu one year the sum of £60. The general characteristic of this legislation is that which ought. I feel, to actuate us as Churchmen and as Christians, namely, the davelopmeat of our corporate unity and the extension of the Apostolic precept — **Wo that arc strung ought to bear the intimities of the weak, and not to please oarselves.'* A fresh opportunity of applying this hitter principle comes before us, not directly as lejnslatora, but indirectly as Church people, ia toe matter of the provisions for aged oergy wbo have spent their streoptn for Christ's Church ia this Diocete. Tho Clergy Annuity Fund is not an insurance society pure aad simple, neither again is it a benevolent, utsututioa puro . aad simple. It is . * combination _ of both principles. Its. income ia derived, on the one hand from the payments of prospective annuitants, on the other from private contri butions and from the »wwn«i collections ia Churches enjoined by direction of tha Synod. Hence it occupies a somewhat anomalous position, aad its present rule* an* not without a certain ambiguity. In adjusting the amount of annuities paid, one principle, that of the number of years' payments, na» to be balanced with another, that of the number of* years' diocesan service. I do- not, however, wuh to call attention to this point now. What I desire to emphasize is the present pressure upon the funds of the Society and the need for inunfiritatft and generous assistance from the laity. Two yearsago the number of annuitants was two, now it is five; aad as the available income has not materially increased aserioos reduction in the annuities paid is the inevit able consequence. Th*s reduction of nearly fifty per cent, is, it is true, only temporary; but it is serious indeed to those concerned; aad when we consider that they have given their life's work to the cause of Christ's Church, we recognise another application of the duty that 'wethatarestrong should bear the infirmi ties of the weak, and not to please ourselves.' Foot Determinations passed by the General Synod come up for consideration, accompanied by a valuable report from the representatives of this Diocese. On the first of these deter minations, entitled ' Amended Sales for the Confirmation and Consecration of Bishops,? a word of explanation is necessary, because I notice that the Diocesan Svnod of Tasmania oas posipouea its consraeration, owing w an jertaiaty as to the ''wniiy of its language ia sue important respect. In lines 11 and fol lowing to the words occur — *' It the Metro politan, or Primate, and the Bishops, or a majority of them, bs satisfied with the fitness of the person so elected '. . . the election ... shall be confirmed. Now. the Tasmaniaa Synod could not decide whether or no the power of absolute veto was by this sentence reserved to the Metropolitan (or Primate), in other words whether the phrase 'or a majority of them' qualified the whole sentence or oaly tho words ' the Bishops.' As this is aa important point I draw your attention to the official report, of the proceedings (page 53), where you will notice that an amendment was moved by Canon Potter that the words 'acting together, the Metropolitan or Primate, as the case may be. having- a vote and a ra-trinrr vote,' be inserted after the word 'Bishops. The intention, of this proposal was to make it desr that the Metropolitan (or Primate) had no absolute veto, but onlv a tiwtjn'r vote. This amendment was carried ia the Huuie of 'Representative*, but thrown out in tho Hou^e of Bishop*. Accordingly by the constitution of the General Synod it was lost. The inference, therefore, is that the in tention of the determination as passed is that tho Metropolitan (or Primate) should have an absolute veto oa the election of a Bishop. The three other determinations need no comment. They are useful, and 1 do not anticipate that they will arouse controversy. The importance of the General Synod of last year does no: lie in the Determinations carried. As tima goes on. and the constitu tion become* mure established, because its valne has beea fully tested, we may look for ward to leas and leas legislation, bus more direct results. Less time will be devoted to the machinery, and more to the work which that machinery exists to produce. But those days arc yet to come, and the next General Synod will be a meeting of special interest; for thu reports of strong committees on the question of the Primacy and of the legisla tive powers of the General Synod will be fully debated. One noticeable feature in the recent Synod was the increased enthusiasm displayed for Foreign Missions, the outcome of which was the practically unanimous vote to establish at once a Bishop ric of New Guinea. Mainly through the efforts of the Bishops of Tasmania and Goal burn, the guarantee for the Bishop's stipend has been already raised, and I am glad to notice that oar own Diocese has borne its full share in this burden. Exception has, indeed, beea token to a guarantee for five years onlv ; but the man who would hesitate to accept tho Bishopric oa this account would be Uckingin some of the elements which we look for m a leader. But 1 desire to see a more thoroughly organized system thaa exist* m this Diocese for interesting Church puople. and children especially, in the mission field generally. We cannot expect to have every year the advantage of a visit from the Organizing Secretary of the Board of Mis sions. May Mr- Bice's stirring account of the claims of Melanesia and New Guinea result in added interest and more extended activity. Two of my Chaplains have undertaken to act as Clerical Secretaries of these cwo special departments of mission work — Rev. P. W. Wise for Melanesia, Rev. L. P. Crawfurd for New Gunea. The Bishop of Tasmania's recent book, 'The Light of Melanesia.' should be in the hands of every one who de sire* to learn what Christianity is practically accomplishing in the islands of the Southern Seas. It will do more than instruct us, for it will stimulate our faith m the living presence and power of Christ through the Holy Spirit ia the Charch. And indeed we need encoaragements to con front the religious apathy which seems to have settled like & blight upon this continent. Last rear we had evidence of this in the result of the referendum on religious education. ? This year over a wider area the Federal Convention tails the same tale. When shall we have the courage, not merely as individuals but as a nation, to confess the faith of Christ crucified, and to recognise that the God to whom we owe our personal life is the God who presides over our national welfare also? How often shall that well-known text be misapplied to chum Christ's fancied sanction of an imaginary dis tinction between the things of C&sar; and tbo things of God, as thocgh God had aban doned His sovereignty . over education or over politics? When shall vre learn that ? there is nothing secular which is not sinful? Christ did not draw a line be tween the things of Csesar and the things of God. No; He pointed from the narrower sovereignty of the one to the universal, claims of the other. 'Ye do right,' He said, 'to pay into GsaarV treasury what has issued from Caesar's mint. So far. so Rood. But what are you yourselves save human coins, » tamped with the image Mid duperxcriptkm b God? Reader, then, yourselves to the God from whom you came forth/* Brethren, tho immensity ot the work to be accomplished would paralyse us were it not that we believe implicitly in the eternal in dwelling of the Holy Spirit in the Church. We believe in oar credentiaLs, in oar ministry; our sacraments, and our mission. But as long as weaUow focal interests to interfere with the expansion of the Charch, or as lone as our idea -sf . that Church is confined to a few- 'Church families'* who happen to contribute effectively to our organization, so long shall we fail to carry out tho purpose of oar existence. Tbere-ts still much land wait ing to be possessed. Tho phenomenal growth of Adelaide and its suburbs within the last few years caQs for a corresponding- develop- ment in our machinery. I rejoice to realize time, taken as a whole, the existing Churches were never better filled.' the town parishes never better manned; bat in the material fabric aad in the spiritual agents alike we re quire new extension. Two sites forChnrches nave been already acquired— one bv purchase at Hawthorn, 'another, by gift at EJeswick.' ' I trust that building* will arise speedily. Let them be worthy of a Church of high ideals and large hopes. In Church bufldine the country, in spite of distress and penury, has set a noble example to the city. Minlaton Church cleared of debt and dedicated: a chancel built at Salisbury and the Chnrch dedicated; a new Charch built at Hamilton and - consecrated— the gift of Mr. Henry Dutton: another new Church licensed at Appfla-Yarrowie; another again at Port MacDonnell; a Charch com manced as Goyder. This is 'indeed- a, -satis- factory record in tha year of South Aos tralia's greatest droughts . Port Adelaide has built the Trattord-Smhh Memorial Church. Let Adelaide now show what is can do. We may look for some help from the Marriott Bequest; but not for much. The main part of oar efforts mast be oar own. Let as only realize that the strengthening of a part is the stn:ngthenin~ of the whole, and make this Church extension schemo comprehensive and widely supported. lam glad to notice that this Synod will be asked to reappoint the com mittee constituted some years back on the spiritual coaditiou of Adelaido and the nuburhs. Even more than i:etv Churches new agents are v.-.inti-il, if v.*o arc to uialco ourselves felt *t all a- a j-pinra.ii force within dii» colouy. Yes t'.icto is tr.ucli lec.vav to be undo up ; but the atiip, i thi::!;. is soini? s. litilo faster now. I observe a re:issuri;i; increase in the number of Sunday *«ho!ar-, while in our day schools, St. Paul's^ Adelaide, school for girls, and tho Pukeucy-atrcL't scliooi for boys have reached their maximum. The KilUirn Sisters ? are doing noiilu work, and their High School in North Adelaide has leapt to forty -live, and new premises are required a: once. St. Peter's CoOcgiato School needs more masters and fresh class-rooms to meet tho prc?sof numbers. All this is an it should be, for if ves are to caiu a hold anywhere, let us seek to gain it ou the young. Again, the two great societies for women— the Gjrls' Friendly Society and the Mothers' TTnioa— can register satisfactory pro gress. Slowly we gather strength; the workers sink in tha conflict, but the work goes forward. In conclusion. ' the Bishop alluded to the death of Canon Coombs, and of the Her. C. W. Hawkins, and the retirement of the Revs. W. H- Mudioand W. A. Campbell^ the increase cf locally ordained clergy, and; his approaching visit to England for the Lambeth Conference. 