THE TEMPORAL AND THE ETERNAL By the Rev. A. E. W. Lait. (Condensed). I have seen an end of all perfection ; hut thy commandment is exceeding broad.— Psalm cxix., 9G. After dealing with the structural beauty of the 119th Psalm, and its sub- ject, tlie Word of God, the preacher pointed out that in all probability it was not written by David, but during the Babylonian captivity by an Israelite of DPrtfmmf? OAMUAMH TI " JfCi IldjJb iZJcil cL Ul Nehemiah. He went on to say — How often, my friends, do we notice that history repeats itself. St. Paul id a prisoner at Rome. He is In his own hired lodging.it is true, but lie is chained to tlie Roman soldier, and there ha writes four of his immortal epistles. St. John is banished to the Isle of Patinns, and there he writes his Revelation. Lu ther is shut up in Wartburg Castle, and there he translates the Scriptures. John Bunyan is imprisoned In Bedford Gaol, yet there he writes one of tlie greatest' allegories that has ever been written, "The Pilgrim's Progress." And so the writer of the 119th Psalm, a faithful ser vant of God, gives to the world his own spiritual experience in this artistic form. And now, having tried to consider very briefly the structure, the subject, and the author of this Psalm, we may wel1 look' at the two divisions of the text- the Temporal and the Eternal. THE THINGS THAT CHANGE. I.— This man had seen the end of Jeru salem, he had seen the end of the sacred Temple, he had seen the end of many a life; truly then could he say, "I have seen an end of all perfection." My friends, we live in a world of change; , nothing is lasting, nothing is permanent down here. The little life of man, the little work of man, sooner or later comet to an end. As we have already beer singing, Time, like an ever- rolling stream Bears all its sons away. The long life of Moses comes at last it a close, he is taken away from his people and dies on the top of Pisgah. The beautiful friendship of David and Jona than Is cut very quickly, and Jonathan dies on Mount Gilboa. Elijah is separa ted from his servant Elisha, and the chariot of fire takes him up into heaven. The life of St. John, the last of all the Apostles, came to an end, and they buried him in that unknown grave at Ephesus. And when we look at the greatest of all cliaiacters, we see that even our Lord Himself had to tell His disciples on that memorable night be fore His Crucifixion, "It is expedient fn» you that I go away." All things human must come to a end and pass away. Whether it hs beauty, or wit, or learning, or pleasure, or hpnor, or position, or riches, experi ence will soon show us the end of all these things. THE THINGS THAT REMAIN. II. — But look at the text again, an® you will see that the writer turns from the temporal to the eternal. He. tries to fix our minds on the one Supreme Being . , who never passes away. "I am th« Lord, I change not." "Thy command ment is exceeding broad." The great Rock of Ages remains unalterably the same. On Christ the solid rock I stand. Ail other ground is sinking sand. Can you say that, my friends? Or, pen, haps, all these past years you have been trusting in riches. But riches may take to themselves wings and flee away, yet the unsearchable riches of Christ will remain an inexhaustible store. Or, per il pas, you have been depending upon pleasure. The pleasures of "earth's lit tle while" may endure for a season, but at God's right hand are the pleasures of heaven for evermore. Or, perhaps again, you have been trusting in friends. Friends leave us one by one. "The arm of flesh will fail you," but the Eternal Friend ever remains the same. Hfc sticketh closer than a brother. "1 wit never leave thee, nor forsake thee." Unlike our friends by nature, Who change with changing year This Friend is always worthy The precious Name He bears. Have you ever stood on a bridge an# looked down at the water beneath? How caimiv <t flnws on to the sea. And per haps you have noticed a piece of straw or .paper carried away by the current- And then have you not thought, such is my life? I ain floating on, as it were, to tlic great sea of eternity. They drift' away. Ah, God! they drift for ever. . I watch the stream sweep onward to the sea. Yet overhead the boundless arch of heaven Still fades to night, still blazes Into day. Ah, God! My God! Thou wilt not drift away. We see that all things pertaining to this life come to an end, but with God all things are eternal. What joy, then. Is the Christian's! Well might the great Apostle write to his beloved Phiiippiahs —although a prisoner at Rome— "Re joice in the Lord alway: again I will say, Rejoice." The Christian life is a super natural one; it has its roots deep down in eternity- The Christian cares not one jot or tittle for the fashion of this earth, which must soon pass away. He looks beyond the fleeting things of time, the mere tinsel of earth, the outward pomp and show of man. He looks behind the veil 'whither Jesus has gone. There is the source of all his strength, there is the source of all his joy, there is -the source of all his peace — "Jesus Christ, the same yesterday and to-day, .d for ever." "Thy commandment is exceeding broad." I want just for a few moments longer to consider the words ig their widest application. Not only His com mandment, but all thngs that have to do with God are exceeding broad. . First Look at His love. See how the love of God is marked again and again on the sacred page. Can we not say, God's love is exceeding broad? See how He loved Israel. "I have loved thee with an everlasting love." Then when Jesus came, "God so loved the world that He gave Kis only begotten Son, that whoso ever believetli on Him should not perish, but have eternal life." Second. His forgiveness is exceeding broad. "As far as the East is from the .West, so far hath he removed our trans gressions from us." And who shall mea sure the breadth of Christ's forgiveness? "Not seven times, but seventy times seven." As though He would say. Keep on forgiving. And you remember how His last prayer on the cross was for His murderers, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do." Third. God's mercy is exceeding broad. Do' we not hear Sunday after Sunday that He showeth mercy unto thousands in them that love Him and keep His commandments? And how of ten do we sing, "His mercy endureth for ever?" Have we not sinned again and again and found mercy every time, for God's mercy is from everlasting to ever lasting upon them that fear Him? The dying thief turned to Christ at the last moment, and he, too, found pardon and mercy In that day. Ah, yes. There's a wideness in God's mercy Like the wideness of the sea. Fourth. His power to save is exceed ing broad. Take all those Instances inthe Gospels' where people were healed. You will not find two alike, because then, as now. He can raise dead souls to a new existence; He can save unto the utter most all that come to God'tlirough Him. Fifth. Tliie Church of God is exceed ing broad. It is world-wide, it is uni versal, it embraces all who come within Its fold. Oh, do not, I beseech you, build too much on individuals, "For," as a great bishop of this centuty has said, "what, after all, is the individual life In the history of tlie Church? Men may come and men may go. Individual lives float down the stxeam like straws on the surface of the water. But the broad, mighty, rolling stream of the Church itself; the cleansing, purifying, fertilising tide of the river of God flows on for ever and ever." Sixth, and lastly. Heaven is exceed- KM V 41 1 yAmannlmn VIAWT f Vi A lllfj Wivau' 4GUI\,IHWX.i "v"» «.«»- 'Apocalypse, St John tells us that the city lieth four square. We shall all be one in Heaven. No distinction between high and Jow, rich and poor. Heaven is so wide that it will contain us all. There is room enough for thousands Of new worlds as great as this, There is room for fresh creations, In that upper home of bliss. And so, when this earthly tabernacle shall he dissolved, when all things tem poral shall have passed away,, we shall find in Heaven there is room enough for us all. We may differ in opinion Sown here, we canon t all think alike on earth, but there will be perfect unity there, for Heaven, like God's Command ment, is exceeding broad. God has an all-pervading power; can Interpose, as it were, His very essence through the being of His creatures; can cause Himself to be apprehended and felt as absolutely in the soul— such an inter communion as is, by the nature of things, impossible, between created beings. And thus the interior, central loneliness, the solitude of the soul, is banished by a per fectly intimate Presence; which imparts the most affecting sense of society— a so ciety, a communion, which imparts life and joy, and may continue in perpetuity. To men completely emersed in the world this might appear a very abstracted and enthusiastic : notion of felicity; but to those who have in any measure attained It, the idea . of its loss would give the most emphatic sense of the expression, Without God in the world! —John Fos ter. The Kingdom of God is not going to re ligious meetings and hearing strange religious experiences; the Kingdom of God is doing what is right— living at peace with all men. bcins: filled with iov In the Holv Ghost — I-leury Drummond. ' 