Gyciiesg' EaagSasad. (from a correspondent.) ' I must say I do not care about the type of brake that operates on the bottom bracket by the action of the teet on the pedals, because unfortunately there is a time when one s teet are apt to be jerked off — when, hey, presto ! what use is the brake — especially when the machine is travelling at the rate of 25 miles per hour downhill. To be thoroughly reliable, a brake must be ready for use at every possible emergency. When a machine is not fitted with a brake, the rider generally makes allowance therefor, and is prepared for a sudden call on his agility, but when his machine is fitted with a brake he places so much reliance on its efficacy, that, should it fail at the vital moment, he would be taken at a serious disadvantage. A bicycle-and-rat story has been going the lounds of the clubs recently. Accord ing to the original veracious narrator, a bicycle was hanging up in a cellar when Master Rodent jumped upon the front wheel en route to a shelf whereon lay a tempting bit of ancient cheese. The weight of the rat started the wheel, upon which the animal began to travel. The faster he ran on the wheel the faster the' latter spun. The owner of the bike, coming into the cellar, saw the strange rat-treadmill, and thinking the rat would presently fall off, did not give himself the trouble to stop the wheel and remove it, but left the cellar. About a week afterwards he .returned to unsling his machine, when to his amaze ment the rat, like "Charley's Aunt," was still running — for a whole week the varmint had failed to get sufficient foothold to jump upon the shelf. The owner stopped the wheel, whereupon the rat fell to the ground, in a state of utter exhaustion (no wonder), and, after a few gasps, it turned over and gave up the ghost, fixing its dying gaze, full of reproach, at the treacherous wheel. The cyclometer fixed on the front wheel showed that it had travelled about three hundred miles ! Now, who could possibly be expected to believe such a yarn. I don't. Shopkeepers in the West End of London are busy laying in stocks of cycles and acces sories Cycle-dealing has spread to the most fashionable houses in Regent-street. The most prominent windows are at present full of tempting things to those who cycle, from the tool-wallet to the complete machine. As for costumes, those intended for the use of fair users of the bike are many and varied. There is not a single costumier's window in Regent-street minus a large assortment. "The Mac Haggis,"- the new farcical comedy which took the place of the four years' old " Charley's Aunt " at the Globe theatre, has a strong smack of cycling throughout the plot. Weedon Grossmith creates great fun as a " cyclist " of the masher type. He goes bicycling on the Ripley Road, and having punctured a tyre, seeks the assistance of another cyclist. Weedon is much amazed when he finds that the cyclist is a lady, whose ' rational " costume led him into the error of mistaking the lady for one of the opposite sex. The lady cyclist is played by Miss Laura John son, who announces that she is struck with Weedon's manly beauty, especially by his dear little calves. Being a bit of a scorcher in many senses, the lady leads the young- man a very giddy life throughout the course of the play. 