(Communicated. Remarkable Success of Catholic l7'; \\!r: ■ Sphq^lS. ~ Intermediate Results ik Ireland. Since 1879. alL spboola and colleges in Ireland of every denomination—excepting those endowedby g&vernmenfc;—have been free to participate in the honors and. re wards bestowed by the Intermediate Commissioner who commenced the active exercise of their functions inthat year. At first a number of . well-endowed, non Catholic schools seemed almost to distance competition, though several Catholic insti tutions, such as Blackrock, near Dublin, condnctedby the Fathers of the Holy Ghost; Tullabeg College and Clongowes Wood, wider the Jesuits; Castleknock, presided over by the Vincentian Fathers, and others acopipplished, even then, work of. the highest prder of merit. But a .short time only had elapsed when the weight of num bers told and the 'intelligence of the Catholic majority was fully' demonstrated. From the time-the Intermediate Educa tion Act came into operation, the ChrisMon Brothers entprpd into, the scholastic compe tition with enthusiasm,-and soon secured a front'place.' 'Besides annually passing a large proportion of the successful can didates, they have likewise had the felicity of :seeing their, boys secure also a large proportion .of the exhibitions, medals, and book prizes awarded by the Cpmmjs The examination is held annually, in the month of June. There are four grades of students, viz., Senior, Middle, Junior, and Preparatory. At the examinations, held in June, 1897, the Catholic schools obtained eleven out of nineteen £50 prizes, in the Senior grade, and two pupils of the Jesuit ' College, Clongowes Wood, were placed highest on the list. Out of five gold medals allotted in this grade, the Catholic boys carried off four, viz., those for highest place, for classics, English, and modern languages. Out of seventeen £4 prizes for composition in Greek, Latin, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Celtic, or English, they got 12. Out of thirty four book prizes, varying in value from <£1 to £3, they secured twenty-two. Looking at the facts from another point of view we find that the Irish-Catholic boys of the senior grade secured for themselves by hard, honest work £637 out of £1,076, be sides the honor, of the medals. Let lis make the same comparison in the middle grade. Here also four gold medals out of five are the prizes of our boys, who received those for classics, mathematics, English, and" modern languages. The ex hibitions in this grade are of £30 a year for two years, the winner being obliged to retain his exhibition the second year by passing a suitable examination. Of these rich prizes, 24 out of 34 belong to Catholics; of the £3 money prizes for composition in the various languages, they got 16 out of 20; and of the book prizes varying in value . from £1 to £3, they take 47 out of 57, be sides one special prize of £5. Thus the total value of the prizes won is £864 out of £1,191, and there is besides .the honor of the gold medals. We coine next to the junior grade. Again the proportion of four gold medals out of five is preserved by our young people, as they receive the medals for first place for classics, English, and modern languages. The exhibitions in the junior grade are of ,£20 a year for three years, subject to the condition of being retained the second and third years by passing suit able examinations. Of these large prizes 132 out of 171 go to our young people, who also win 33 out of 40 £2 money prizes granted for excellence in' composition in any of the languages mentioned before, as well as 123 out of 157 book prizes, of valueis ranging from £1 to £3 ; and, in addition, a number of special prizes, viz., five of ^£15, fourteen of .£10, and five of £5, making our acquisitions in junior grades, besides the honor of the medals, total the respect able sum of .£3,163 but of .£&,049, all ob tained by honest, persevering industry. Lastly, our boys have won in the Pre paratory grade, whose exhibitions are of £20 for one year, 140 exhibitions out of 164.' They have further secured 29 out of 36 money prizes of £2 for excellence in composition in fhe various languages, and li3 out of 154 £1 book prizes, making the value of the awards to this section £2,971 out of £3,506. Thus the boys of our Catholic schools in Ireland have obtained, out of a total of 932 prizes of all kinds, 127, or 78 per cent. The total money value of the prizes secured is also nearly 78 per cent., being .£7,635 out of .£9,822. The medals are in addition to this. And. what part have the Christian Bro thers taken, in achieving these results ? The following $gures will tell. In all the grades there passed 4,134 boys; of these the candidates from the Christian Bro thers' schools numbered 1,904, or 46 per cent. They obtained 166 exhibitions out of 388, or 48 per cent. They secured 192 prizesj including money prizes for composi tion and book prizes. In Celtic composi tion they obtained 13 out of the 15 prizes awarded; ahd'in the commercial examina tion they carried off 22 out of 28 prizes given. These latter are in value some .£15, some £10, and some. £5. Finally, two of the gold medals fell to their share—those for English of middle and modern lan guages of the junior grade'. The successes of the Catholic girls are also very marked. They have obtained the gold medals for first place in senior grade, and for mathematics in senior and middle grades. One convent carries off the three gold medals fqr modern languages in junior, middle, and senior; ana the only medal granted for English, being that in the junior grade, is also theirs. Again, of the .£50 money prizes in the senior grade, they get 6 out of 10; of the £30 exhibitions for two years in middle, they take 6 out of 17 ; of the £20 for three years in junior, they obtain 27 out of 63 ; and out of 44 preparatory exhibitions of .£20 they take 23. Of the money prizes for composition in the various languages they carry off. ,27 out of 62. Out of all the prizes, they claim 161 out of 338, or a money value of £1,666 out of £3,524. These facts and figures are eloquent. Irish Hotels. — The verdict of the special correspondent of the London Daily .Chronicle on the Irish hotels is that they are infinitely superior to English pro vincial hotels, ,and in,many cases, especially in the, larger cities and towns, and where they are managed by railway , companies, they are equal to anything in London. Food cuisine mid service are uniformly ex cellent in Irish hostelries, whilst the cost is ihuch cheaper than in English hotels. 