FICTION. QTHE MYSTERY OF THE MIRANDA. CHAPTER n. " No, sir. But a carving-knifo has boon mysteriously taken 'away from ono of the pantry drawers. Oh, yes, sir, I know as it's a tiling which anybody might liavo took. But I wnu ihn Inaf mnn In lunvn thn mifltrv lllHt night, after putting thingB all ready to lay tbo tabloB (or breakfast, and tho first man to cntor ft this morolag ; and tho knifo has gone, sir " Ho broke off suddenly, and sneaked away, und looking round I perceived tbo chief officer nppronobing. I confess that I could not in any way connoot ouch a trifiiog thing aB tho mere theft of a oarving-knifo with matters spiritual ; and, Indeed, it came into my head to wondor whether this man was trying to make a fool of mo for somo -purposo of his own, or whether ho was subject to hallucina tions. Tho chief officer, a tall North-country man named Gordon, stopped to exchange a few words with mo about the wenther, and wad guliig iuiwuiu wuvu uu punvu ugiM... and with a sort of apologetic laugh : " I sup pose you don t believe in ghosts, sir ?" Tho question, coming directly on top of what the stoward bad just said to mo, naturally staggered mo a littlo. I knew it was impossible ho could have overheard tho man's talk. " Oh, I don't know," I answered. " To toll you tho truth, I have never given tho matter much consideration. Dr. Johnson, who waB a vary rauoh wiser man than I shall over be, profoundly botioved in tho Cook Lnno ghost, although ho discredited tho Lisbon earth- quako. But why do you ask, Mr. Gordon ?" "I'll toil you, sir. About two bolls in the middle watch last nfght I was standing upon tho bridgo, leaning over thn rail on tho star board sido, looking down at thepnusmgwuter, and thinking of homo— for I'm a married mnn, Mr. Rusuoll. It was very darx and stormy, and I was aroused from my rcvorio by a shower of spray breaking over mc. On turning round to oross tho bridgo loeward I plainly saw a tall whilo objeat, liko a human floiirn. oHmmnrlnn within a few vards of me. I don't mind oonfossing that I was a good doal startled, and enmo to a (load stand, calling to 'know who it wax. Tho thing roturned no answer, but wunt gliding to ttio port-ladder, down whioh it went, and then I saw it no more." Hopaused, looking mo earnestly in thofaco to boo whether I was inolincd to laugh at bis story, I said : " Why, this Is very odd, to bo sure. And what do yoa supposo it oould bavo boon, Mr. Gordon ?'' " 1 don't know, eir. I'm not superstitious, and don't bellovo in tho things they cnll ghosts, but thoro'e no mistaking tbo ovidenco of ono's-oyos, I've beard of. visions of this sort appoaring to men, and proving to bo omons of somo ovll about to befall." " Woll," said I, "it is certainly a curious thlnrr nnd dv'vn know. Mr. Gordon, that von aro not tho only ono ou board who b&liovos; this ship to bo haunted." Thereupon ,1 told him about tho steward and his fears. He whiBtlod low, gazing at mo with a vory carious expression of faoo, and said : "In ono sense, I'm glad not to bo the only oao to whom the thing has appeared. But it's mighty queer, though, Mr. Russoll, and all loan say is, that I trust It may forotell no harm to any of us," saying whioh, and gravely shaking bis head, he marched off. Tho breakfnst boll rang soma littlo whilo nftor this, and I ontorod tho cabin and took my seat, for tho piping gnio sharpened ono's nppotito. Captain Holroyd came in, pulling off his oilskins, and oalling a cheery " Good morning " as he took his plaoo. Miss Ruble ontorod tho saloon whon tho meal was half way through ; tho young beauty looked palo, and oven a trifle haggard, as thongb sho hnd Jiasscd a sleepless night, whioh was doubt- ess attributable to the voitont motions of the stcamor. Tho ohalr alongside of mo, waioh tho young offioor had hithorto punctually occupied, was empty. ' " Whore's Mr. Lascollos ?" said tho captain, .with nn arch glnnoo towards Miss Rubio. Nobody voluntcored a reply. " Surely he's not sea.siov r continued tnoskippar. " No, muoh moro likoly that ho's over- slept him self. Steward, go and knook nt tho Lieute nant's door, and tell him, with Captain Holroyd's compliments, that breakfast Is ready." Tho mnn departed, but prcsontly returned, and said in a low voico to tho enptin : " Beg pnrdon, sir, bi)t I've knocked several times and onn't get any answer." "Oh. Did you knook loud onough ?" " I knooked middling loud, sir, which was truo onough in alt oonRoionoo, for I myself had caught tho noiso of tho fellow's pounding. " poos nnybody olso share tho gontlcman's oamn ?' "No, Air. Hooooupios No, II, nnd has It all to himself." " Overslept himsolf," repeated tho captain, with another glnnoo at Miss Rubic, who was listening cagorly. " Go and try again, John son, and don't sparo your knuoklos this time," Tho steward was absent for about fivo minutes, and tho captain laughed as ho heard him thundering upon tho door, oxelaimiug : " Oh, sir, Mr. Lasoollos is murdered." " What ?" cried skipper in n shriek like n woman's, half leaping from bis chair. "Murdered, sir- dead -as dead can bo," answered tho stoward. " I kept on thumping, and got no answor, and at lout I turned tho handlo of tbo door meaning to aroueo tho gentleman, and thoro ho lies in his. bunk, with tho whites of his eyes rolled up and a knlfo Btloklng— " " Mind tho girl, I shouted, springing round tho <».?."» towards Miss liable, but before I could ronoh her 2.ho fell heavily to tho floor in a swoon. Captain ffo'rpyd was by my sldo in an instant, and betweon us WCFfl raised hor up and laid her gently on a couoh. The Sassongers in tho saloon wore now all of a uttor, eleotrifled by tho startling nows whioh tho terrified stoward had communicated in a most oudiblo voico. Tho doctor onme hurry- ing along to attend to tho poor girl : throe or four ladios surrounded tno couoh, offering smeiiing ooiuos ana suggestions ns to what to do ; so I cleared out, fooling I could bo of no further servloo. " Mr. Russell," said Oaptaln Holroyd, " will yon accompany rao to tho dead offioer's cabin ? If this 1b a ease of murder wo may want witnesses to testify to the conditions under which tho body was found." I supposo ho asked me because I stood near blm. I would fain havo been spared tho dis tressing Gpectaclo, but I folt that to rcfuso would havo shown moral cownrdico, and so I assonica. no invitea tho cbter officer and two moro gontlomon passengers to como along, and tho fivo of us descondcd to tho slooping berths. Tho cabin which tho poor young follow had oooupicd was nt tho foro end of a long gangway, flanked on either side by similiar littlo bedrooms ; thrco or four stowards nnd sailors stood peering in, full of morbid curiosity, tutdisappearcd on perceiving tho onptain. Wo oamo to a stand just out- sido tbo open door, nnd tho ship's doctor joined us; remarking that tho young lady would do vory well prcsontly. vu 111 iwu DUU nilUtllt'l UD IS UUHU, biua Captain Holroyd to bim. In a voico scarcely abovo a whisper. Tho doctor entered, bent over tho bunk for a moment, thon raised his head again, nnd said: "Stono dead, sir. Stabbed through tha> heart— roc horo." Tho figure of tho 'young officer lay hi tho lower of tho two narrow sleeping shelves ; tho clothes wore thrown oil from his chest, nnd ! tho white handle of a onrving knifo protruded i from tho region of the henrt. A startling ' thought flashed into my mind Was that the knife tbo steward had missed ? "Dead!" exclaimed tbo captain, drawing near to look. " Murdered, sir," said tho doctor, signi ficantly. " His own band oould never have 'Ufifltf the blojj " Who can havo done this terrible thing ?" said Mr. Gordon, rolling his eyes upon mc. " I have reason to bcliovc," said I, address ing the captain, " that tho steward named Williams may bo aiiio to identify tho knifo with which the deed was done." "Ah I You connect hhn with the murder?" " Oh, no, I will not say that. Ho told me this morning that a carving knlfo had mysteriously disappeared from his pantry during the night." Tho doctor withdrew tho ugly weapon with a wrench, nnd immediately a largo red stain suffused itself upon the white linen of the unhappy victim. "Bond Williams here, 'Mr. Gordon," said Captain Holroyd. The officer went away and speedily returned with tho steward. The .captain pointed to tho knife the dootor still hold, and inquired whether ho recognised it. " My God, yes, sir," answered tho man with a shudder. " It was taken out of ono of tho pantry drawers lost night by—by " " By whom ?" said tho doctor, sternly, "By a spirit, thon, I dobolicvo. Thoro are ghosts in this ship, eir." " Aro you mad?" said the eaptnin. " No, sir, tho man is right," intorpOBed Mr. Gordon, quietly, nnd ho thereupon briefly narrated hiu exptrienco oi oenoiuing an ap parition npon tno bridge. " I wns only talk ing to Mr. Russell about it an hour ago," he conoluded, " nnd saying I feared it might for- bode evil for some of us, littlo reckoning how tragically truo my w'ords wero so soon to provo." Well, It was as amazing nnd mysterious as it was torrlblo, and nothing moro was to bo dono at present, after making quito sure tho poor young mnn wns dead, than to got him Rtitehcd up in a hammock ready for tho last toss of a sea burial. That tho unhappy offioor had been slain by some unknown hand whilst ho lay nslcop was olear enough, but the bewildering part of tho business was that no conociving motlvo could bo imagined to nccnunt for tho diubolical orimo. A glanco round tho cabin sufficed to dismiss any theory that robbory might have bcon tho assassin's object ; ovorytiiing wns in pcrfcot order, and a gold watch and ohnin, along with somo ynluablo rings and a small heap of money, reposed upon a tablo. "Gentlemen," said Cnptain Holroyd, turn- looking corpse in tho bunk, "what do you think of this ?" But none of us hnd any answer to make, beyond tho remark of Mr. James, ono of the pnssongors, that it was undoubtedly murder, and that tho mlsoreant who did it must still bo in tho shin. Wo quitted tho oabin and I went on deck, glad enough to get into tbo shrill piping wind, and pondoring deeply upon a vague conviction slowly growing in my mind thnt this mystorious tragedy would be in Bomo way conucated with tho strango ap- Enrition which had already beon witnessed y two pcoplo onboard. We saw no trrtiro of poor Miss Ruble that day, and the stewardess who waited upon hor reported that sho was hnlf doliriouB?with grief. It leaked out, as sueh things generally that tno girl and tho young ofilcor had beon really betrothed to ono another, and ail on board felt evon moro sorry for hor than for tho viotlm himsolf Wo wore in parallels whoro it was impossible to long delay tbo funoral, and they buried the dead mnn during tho dnrknoss of tho small hours of tho follow ing morning watch, Tho ovont throw a shadow of gloom upon tho ship : tho passen- gois wero naturally all uneasy nt tho notion of a murderer being at largo somowhero in their midst; nnd inspltoofanynpprehonsions I mlnht fnnl T nnnlrl Hnnrnnlv rnnti-nin mv gravity whon, on going to turn in this eamo night, my Gorman cabin-fellow, not satisfied with merely bolting tho door, barricaded it with a mass of baggnge, nnd then olambcred into his bunk, romaririog; "Doro, Itinkve vas safe, anyways." As nearly ns my momory serves mo, ft wns on tho fourth dny nftor tho tragical oocur- renco I havo just related. Wo had left tbo spell of dirty weather astern of us, nnd wore stenmiog smoothly through tho aalms and stinging heat of the tropio IatUudo. No light whatovor had so far been thrown upon the mystery whioh surrouuded tho death of Lieutenant Lascollos. Not tho Hllchtpst degree of suspicion attaohed to any person on board. All this whilo thoro still lurked in my mind the vnguo idea of mixing up tho murder with tho spcctro or apparition whioh hnd appeared to tho ohlef offioor and tho steward. I pondored long and deeply over the mutter, nnd dlsousscd it with Mr. Gordon, who quito took my viow, but it was impossible to givo any tangiblo form to such indefinite bus- piolons. iMoan while nothing moro was soou of tho ghost, Well, ns I havo said, it wns tho fourth day after the poor young officer had boon found stabbed in his bed. I wns later thnn llfiiml in rntirlnn tn roof thfit. nlrvht tho heat made n suffocating atmosphere of tho littlo cabin, aud I had sat long with Captain Holroyd in tho niry ohart-houso, where a few of us woro privelcgcd tomeetcnoh evening for a yarn and n smoko. Eight bells— midnight —sounded in silvery chimes, and I descondcd the snloon ladder ; tho lamps woro dimmed and tho hush of slumber lay upon this part of thn ship. I reoohed my cabin, entered it softly so as ' not to disturb my companion, whoso deep breathing was liko tho sighing of a grampus, and began to undress myself. When I had removed my coat nnd waisoont, howover, I suddenly recollected thnt I hnd loft my watch, which I hnd been comparing with tho captain's ohronomoter, on tho table in tho chnrt Iioubo. Not oaring to sloop with- .out my watch in its ouBtomary placo undor the pillow, I slipped my coat on ngain and wont back to tho chart-housa. Tho skipper had fallon fast asleep on a looker, pipe In DID'jIh. nnd wlftinnL illslnrklnn film t mil «« wntch into my pooket and returned below, Just a I was in the act of ngain onlerlng my bortb, tho door of n oabin nearly onpnsito was noiselessly opened, nod Miss Rubio stepped out. Sho oaino forth in a steadily, orcoplug way ; sho was attired in hor night-dross, and hor thick black hnir foil looso over her shoulders. I paused a. moment, expecting that sho would eithor speak or hastily with draw again, for hor gazo seemed full upon ma. But after roaardina mo with a stendc stm-n whilst I oould hayo gountcd fifty, she gavo a prodigious sigh, nnd oamo gliding along tbo corridor, hor naked foot noiselessly treading tho thick carpet. I recoiled with a euddon vollent stnrt ns sho brushed past mo, I snw thnt she walked in nor slonp ; and T also saw that sho grasped a knifo in her right hand. The gloiim of tho blado'lntho dim lamplight aaught myeyo Instantly. I stopped motionless, watching hor. Silently as a ghost sho walked to tbo Cabin wlltnh find hnrm nnmmlnd Kit T.!r>nl.n.»i Lascollos, oponed tho door, and entered. A terrible light broke in upon me, and I etolo swiftly after nor. She was bending over tho, bunk in whioh tho dead man had slept as I reached tho door,, nnd I heard her hcavo a deep, tromulous sigh. Then, with amazing swiftness, sho raised her arm and plunged tho glittering knlfo into tho mattress, turning and coming foith again with nimhlo movo- mcnts that I had searooly tho time to get out of her way. I watohed hnrro-entor her own cabin, then hastily went on deck, aroused tho captain, and communicated to him what I had just seen. Ho hearkened in silence. When I had mado nn end of my story wo wont to inspect the vacant cabin, and found tho knifo deeply ' embedded in tho mattress. Captain Holroyd thon aroused tho doctor and tho stewardess tho throoof them softly entered Miss Ruble's berth, and found hor placidly sleeping in hor bunk. So now tho mystery was all solved The unhappy young lieutenant hnd been murdered by bis "sweetheart. Sho had slain him in tho blindness of her sleep; and In her sleep she had again repeated the enormous sin, as innocent at heart. God rest her poor soul, as the pitying angols who looked down upon her I , But four of us In tho iteimer knew of the girl's tcrrlblo secret, and altcrabrlef whispered consultation Captain Holroyd urgently im plored us to keep our own counsel. Ho told ino on tbo following dny that ho had talked tho dreadful thing over with the doctor, and thnt they had rosolved to look Miss Rubio up overy night after sho hnd gone to her cabin. Tho explanation which T believe he offered the girl was thnt, knowiog a murderer lay bidden on board, and being responsible for her security, as sho had been placed undor his charge, ho felt it his duty to tako this pre cautionary measure. Well, Heaven alone knows how it happened, unless through the loquaciousness, of tho stewardess, but somehow or other the re mainder of the passengers got scent of tbo story, and shunned tho poor young lady as though sho had been nn object of horror. I cannot tell whether it wns this ciroamstnnce, combined with thQ nightly looking of her door, which set her a-thinking; but ocrtain it is that she grow to suspect tho truth. Site withdrew to her cabin, and wo saw her no moro during the rest of tho voyago. A long whilo afterwards I lonrnt that the poor thing had gone out of her mind, and bad bcoomo that saddest of all living objeots— a harmless lunatic.' 