A GRUESOME FESTIVAL IN FARI8 Many sensational shows have been organised of late years in Paris, but the ghostly concert which took place on Saturday morning (April 3) in tho small hours beats tho record (writes the Paris correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph). We have had coffin cafes, inferno taverns, and night houses tricked out in mockery of heaven itself, but this is the JBrst time that the Catacombs of Paris, commonly known as the Boneyard or the Boneries, have re- echoed the funeral music of Beethoven and Chopin or the ' Danse Macabre ' of San Saens. The concert, called 'spiritual and profane,' was organised by a band of the new aesthetes, who are urt students, budding' 'doctors, lawyers, musicians, and literary people. With these were some of their female friends, who wear their hair plastered down the sides of their faces, like Botticelli's figures, and a Mademoiselle de Merode, dauseuse of the opera. The musicians were of the leading class, recruited from the orchestras of the opera and the concerts of Lamoureux and Colonne. Invitations were sent nut to the press and to other quarters, so that at mid night on Friday over one hundred people pre sented themselves with great secrecy at the gate of the Catacombs in the Rue Dareau. The conspirators, as the organisers of the charnel-house concert have been justly called, led the way, having admonished all the invited persons to make as little noise as possible when entering or leaving the street leading to the city of the dead. All this mystery was necessary because the concert organisers had no official authorisation to enter the catacombs. They simply bribed two persons in charge of the place, one of whom was entrusted with the key of the dead men's door. This breach of trust wijl, of course, bo punished by the roads and bridges - officials, to whose department the catacombs belong ; but it- is doubtfnl if the peccant em ployes will be dismissed as powerful influence j will be used to save them. They are already | spoken of in a highly eulogistic manner, as they ! assisted in organising an original, if horrible sensation for Paris and tho world at large. The descent down the tsnail-like stairs of 51 steps leading to the caverns of tho dead was dimly illumined by common candles. The persona attending the concert wero then conducted along the central gallery ormain shaft past the myriads of death's heads and crossbones piled around. Tho whole place exhales an indescribable odor, for it is deep down in the bowels of the earth and contains the bones of over three millions of past gene rations of Parisian?, collected between 1780 aud 179G from tbe Cemetery of the Innocents and from other long- vanished metropolitan and extra-mural graveyards. In the catacombs were also placed the remains of many who were killed in Paris street fights during times of civil war or revolution. The walls are inscribed here aud there with the names of the old cemeteries and with Latin inscriptions from the Scriptures referring to death as the lot of all. None of these mementoes of mor tality seemed to trouble the midnight visitors to the catacombs. Some of them handled the skulls iike Hamlet in the graveyard and in dulged in mock moralisings over the dreamless heads. A few cracked jokes on the ribs of death, and a medical professor volunteered a lecture on anatomy. Some of the Botticelli tressed young women became a little nervous, however, and complained that theplace saddened them, out they were con soled by their partners, and all waited for the concert. This took place at a sort of cross - roads, around which some chairs were placed. The musicians stationed themselves before their stands at half-past 1 o'clock in the morning and arranged their parts by the dim light of the candles stuck in skulls. When everything was ready the conductor tapped his desk, raised his baton, and the plaintive mornings of Chopin's Funeral Match were heard. The violins trailed through the gloomy halls of death as if they were played by ghosts, and not by robust men of flesh and mood under the lead of JrL Furet. There were also beard that eerie composition, the 'Danse Macabre' of Saint Satins, the Funeral March from Beet hoven's Heroic Symphony, and a fragment from the 'Perses,' the composer of which, ML Leroux, conducted his own work. Mariet re cited a poem written by himself entitled ' ' Aux Catacorabes.' The xylophone was also used during the concert in order to give an impression of the clanging or rasping of dead men's bones. The extraordinary entertain ment, if it can be so called, concluded towards 3 in the morning and the visitors to the sub terranean vaults emerged into the frwh air above, some manifestly impressed, others— and they were in the majority — affecting to be un moved by what they had seen and heard. It is not likely that such an affair will be again allowed to .take place in the cata combs and some credit is given to the organisers of the strange concert for the manner in which they carried their extraordi nary enterprise to' a successful issue consider ing the difficulties which usually beset intend ing explorers of tho subterranean ossuary, admission to which is not easily granted. On the other hand not a few protestations have been heard -against the desecration of the catacombs and the disrespeot paid by morbid sensation-mongers to the dead whose bones line the walls of the underground cavities which extend beneath the districts of Petit Mont rouge and Montsouria. In Germany the bridal wreath is usually formed of myrtle branches; in Switzerland and Italy of white roses ; in Spain of red roses and pinks ; in tbe United States, France, and England of orange blossoms. 