HIS QOEENS BIRTHDAY. [By Chaui,X8 Jl-noe.] We were seated in the parlor of an hotel at the top o£ Bonrke-street, Melbouroe, last 24th of May, watching tbo crowds go by as the procession denied across Parliament House, There were seven of us, including the bar man, and with that predisposition towards the promptings of camaraderie, which the public Holiday spirit lnvariaoiy engender* we were all on fraternal terms, thongh we had met ior the fort time that afternoon. Nobody appeared more disgusted with the joyousneis of the acene outside than our green grocer companion. Said be : ' Strikes me as if Queen Victoria was to give as something for a present instead of us losin' wages an' time over 'er, there'd be eomethin' to hooray about' ?Yes, times 'as been bad lately,' assented tbe beotmaket, ' but then wot does she know about this country ? She ain't never bin 'ere 'erself.' 'Hasn't she?' interpolated a short-set, squarely built man, whose restless eye was strangely at variance with the reposeful atti tude of his body as he lay on the sofa, pipe in hand, ' that's all you know. I've seen her here!' Of course we all laughtd. 'Yes,' continued the object of our deri sion impjrturbably, 'it's exactly 12 months to-day since I met the Queen in Melbourne, Shall I toll you how and where it occurred V Would he tell us? We reckoned he just might It's not every day one meet* a first-class lunatic ; and the barman winked appreciatively as we set up another round of drinks, and the nnggety gentleman cleared his throat for oratory, 'I am captain of the three-masted ship Wendur, aid I had been just a week landed from a trip round tbe Cnina Seat last Queen's Birthday. An old chum of mine, who was head cellarmau at the ? Brewery, got me to put up at his boarding house during my stay here, and being a single man, we passed many a pleasant evening together at com paratively little cost on either eide. On this particular morning Bob and I had a few odds and ends to fix up, though it was a general holiday, and no one else in the establishment was needed ; but by 11 o clocte we were through with the work, and half way down Flinders-street on the road to the Geelong excursion boat. ?By gum,' exclaimed Bob, just as we reached the wharf, ' I've left my money in the office and also my keye. Here's a go ; now we oau't catch, the boat.' Seeing him so vexed, and not caring a rap for the water my6elt I 'rejoined that rather than that he should miss this opportunity of oalliag on his sweetheart (who lived near Corio Bay), I would go back and bring him the derelict article! to the theatre, where we could meet that night This offer he, after some demur, gladly accepted, and giving me the key of the padlock, which would enable me to get into the brewery by the back entrance, he left me, taking with him a couple of sovereigns which I happened to have on me. ' Ta, ta, eld man,' he said, as the boat cast off. ' take care of yourself, and do your best to have a real good time up there,' waving his arm in the direction of my destination. Little did I think, as ' I laughed, what a time I was going to hare. After having obtained an entrance to the yard, I scaled the ladder steps leading to the office on the top floor. Pressing the patent catch of the doer I passed in. It was a musty and untidy apartment, and in the dim light shown through the cebwebbed window the only salient object visible at the first glance was a large portrait of the Queen ti.pging over .the desk, around which, an elaborate calendar for the year was grouped. Close investigation failed to discover the missing keys and purse, It occurwd to me that perhaps they had been left on ene of the numerous bsnohes about the premises, and striking a matoh, X plunged into the enrrounding gloom. Fruitlessly J continued my search, till at last I found that my last luoifer match was gone. Here was a niee state of affairs. I was some distance from the office, and I would have to forge my war back in tbe dark. Slowly I groped towards the only ray of light I could perceive. The drip, drip, of taps, and the rustling of rats formed appropriate accompaniments to my stealthy viarche. funebre. Au excep tionably loud squeal close to my hand made me draw to one side rapidly. Next moment I stumbled; my legs gave way under me, .and I felt myself falling through the air. With a heavy splash I descended into the depths of some strong smelling tepid liguid. Eising to tbe surface I nalised what had happened. I had been precipitated into the big bear-vat on the first floor. How the stuff stank I I was half-choked with the villainous fames, and as I could not swim I knew that my condition was desperate. Through a creriee in the wall a beam of sunshine revealed a email portion of the surface of the liquor. . Twioe I bumped against some heavy, clammy obstacle fa the course of my floundering*. At this rose to the surface I caught a glimpae of what appeared to be a human trunk. A' shapeless bus of bone protruded from this fearsome objeot as it sank again, and, fairly mad with horror, I made one frantic effort, reaohed the side of the tank, drew myself up, and fell with a crash into the cellar ia the basement,' 'Guess you never touoh beer now?' re marked enr clerk companion. ' No, I stick to whisky,' replied the Captain decisively. ' That's matt you're talking about, Cap, interposed the barman, with a wink to us 'was a shiao' beef put in to give the beer body.'-, ?. -?Thanks,* nturaed the narrator, irritably, 'p'x'*p» ajsce .you. know .^o ^mach about 'it : yoVll finish the yarn'yourself '??? 'Dry up, eld man,' we eulaimed warn ingWto the officious dispenatr-of decoction*, 'gtveusa'breeze, and letV'hear theetory o'uV' ? ? ? ? ? . '? ? -I was stunned by my fall, and, must have lain unconscious for several 'hours. Ky first sensations of returning life were accompanied by a feeling' as though a pair of light hand* were running over my face, I certainly thought I heard voioea. ' I opened ay eyes, and tried to move my limbs. The latter I found impossible. I had broken a leg. Bnt right before me, and regarding me with evident compasaion and concern Btood Her Majesty, Queen Yiptoria,' ' . 'How dp you feel sir ?' enquired the Queen. ? ?Your Majesty' I replied, 'I trust yon will pardon my not saluting you in regula tion fashion, but I'm afraid I've injured my Mtf internally, ' Might I ask hew you came hue? * ? ? ? It was pite* dsr|t, but Withie a radius of three feet round the Queen a pale bluish glow illumined the neighbourhood. Close ky was a heap of sawdust, and I was distressed to notio* . tna£ in- t»e ' night dress garb worn by Het Majesty a«r feet wan bar*. Sk» would infallibly catch a seven cold standing on the damp'orick* of the apartBMtv I ?Sit down Prinns ' — oonmaaded the Qoeen j to loin* unssen person about ns. Suddenly a hule faahioned itoelf in the neap of sawdust, lud I dirtuuHj sotNoigu UQntiUM a$\ two male boots forming themselves in front of me! ?Very disagreeablo place this ' — interjected a. male voice. ' ? In the name of Heaven Your Majesty,' 1 exclaimed in terror, ' who spoke ?' 'It's only the late Prince (Imperial, trbo was killed at Ieaadulah ; don't be frightened you stupid man/ said the Queen, with a re assuring smile : ' you see, I fell asleep in bed at Windsor Castle about a quarter of an hour ago, I have noticed several times latterly that after periods of special excite ment I am able to disconnect my (spiritual personality from my merely bodily covering and project myself at will to any portion of the globe I like. Getting out bed I pro ceeded as Tat as the Bound Tower, wh«n 'I wet the Prince Imperial. Now, i always like young people, you must know, so I asked the Princa wbera he thought a atroU would prove interesting. He suggested Australia, and we reached Melbourne about five minutes ago, where they are still keeping up my birthday. As we passed along here we heard a groaa, and entering together we disco re red you lying on your side. The Prince robbed your temples and revived yon. Is there any thing we can do for yeu further?' 'Your Majesty,' I observed greatly touched by her condetcenaios, ? I had always thought that spirits were simply the result of im pressions in the atmosphere, which to certain superhaturally acute human intelligence alone were visible. A Murder scene, for instance, enaoted in a room would leave traces in the air, which, to a clairvoyant, would be a* dis tinct as the marks of a bowie-knife thrust into a piece of gelatins, to the eyes of an ordinary individual ?' 'No Saire, interpolated the voice of the Prince, from the saw-dust heap where I noticed signs of his stirring his legs spiritedly, ' how could zat be? Ze draughts under ze door, ze chiminey, or ze vindowa, soon scat taira all ze evidences like pouE Anozer zing ' ? At this moment a new visitor joined us. I recognised him instantly. It was the late Prince Contort attired in full regimentals. He atood about half a dozen paces from, the Queen, and stared at her with anything but approving glances. Taming to-th« heap of sawdust he dapped his hand to his sword, and his lips moved rapidly for several seconds. I could not .hear a word he eaid, bat evidently he was addressing the Prince Imperial. The language of gesture, which, to observing people like myself, is not par ticularly difficult of translation, is especially a language of lightning comprehension where the passion* are concerned. I realised that Ber Majesty's ex-husband was extremely angry. 'Your Majesty,' I eaid to the Queen, who still regarded me with solicitude, ' I trust the Prince Consort is not disgusted with my apparent want of courtesy in lying here ?' ' The Prince Consort ! What does he know about it?' exclaimed the Quean, raising her eyebrows. ' He is standing alongside of you, your Majesty,' I returned deferentially, 'and it seems something has displeased him.' ' I can't see him,' said the Queen, wonder ingly. ' whereabouts is he?' ' You no hear him speak ?' asked the .voice of the Prinee Imperial with anxious excite ment. The Prince Consort regarded the Qaeen with a scornful scrutiny. Tbe Queen trembled. ' Let us get away at onoe,' she remarked, Here, indeed, was a curious combination of affairs, I mused. There were various degrees of human and spirit clairvoyance. Ghosts evideatlj could sot always see «r hear «ven each other, and it was no wonder that people like ourselves never agreed as to the details of spectre visitations. 'Your huiband is jealoua,' I heard the Prince Imperial observe satirically as the. Queen gathered herself to go. The Prinee Consort frowned terribly. There; was-a terrific iburst of thunder, then the side floor opened, a flood of daylight swept in, and my old chum, Bob, stood in the'apeniag/ . ? - ' ~~j~ . My late visitors, however, had all vanished.' ? ? * ? We wen silent fora brief interval. Then — 'The thunder was the discharge of a cannon from Government House urobably. And pray. what brought Mr Bob back?' en quired the cleric superciliously. 'As I hadn't turned up at tea time he thought he'd hunt me up at the brewery, and finding things all wrong up above, he let himself in by the side door to look tor me.' 4 No think like a bit o' kid unless it's a hit o' brass,' said tbe Jew spieler, with a derisiv* leer towards the barman. The Captain cast a gUnce of aeathing eon tempt toward* the last speaker, and rose to leave. ' What did you «ay to Bob when 'e found you?' asked the bootmaker with simulated curiosity. 'Nothing,' eaid the Captain with surly nonchalance. ' x I didn't like to let him go without some attempt to thank him for his history. 'Have a- wet before you go, Captain ?' I ?tied. ?Thanks, no. I'm off,' he replied, as he stepped out into the passage. 'One word more, if you don't mind,' I shouted, as he proceeded outward bound. 'What did Bob say to you ?'. ?Oh, not ntuoh,' came the ebhol-ack, ' all he said wai, 'Many happy returns of the day.' _ 