A ROYAL GHOST. WHAT LIEUTENANT GLYN SAW AT WINDSOR CASTLE An apparition has been see?i in Windsor Castle. An officer of the Grenadier Guards, who would probably prefer to lead the forlonest of forlorn hopes rather than have to make an admission so eminently calculated to bring ridicule and chaff upon-him, sticks to bis assertion that he his seen something, which he believes to be supernatural, in Wiudsor Castle. The officer in question is Lieutenant A. St. Leger Glyu, 3rd Battalion Grenadier Guards. To commence with, of course, the story reproduced from the " Petit Journal," of Paris, must be characterised ad absurd ti a degree. The inhabitants of Windsor Castle are not in any state of terror about the matter, and the re cruiting of the night guard has not become a matter of difficulty because of any awe on the part of the soldiers. The guardsmen would prefer feuiinine company, even if it were only the ghost of Queen Elizabeth, rather than soli- tude. Nor have any dreadful portents been deduced from anything which has happened. But after ridicule had been heaped upon the French news about the state of affairs at Windsor, information was received by the "Daily Mail" that something strange had undoubtedly been reported upon high authority. The Bishop of Peterborough, for instance, had told several people about an uncanny appearance, and the bishop's rephew, Lieutenant Glynn, was mentioned as one who was prepared to vouch for a strange occurrence. Investigation of the matter was not easy. The Bishop of Peterborough had gone abroad. Lieutenant Glynn was in Argyllshire. The Castle authorities were at Osborne, in Scotland, or on tbe Continent; and even hardened " Daily Mail" reporters did not care to ssk too ostentatiously in Sunday's sunlight for information about Queen Elizabeth's ghost. At length, however, the mother of Lieutenant Giynn, the Hon. Mis. Sidney-Glyn, was found, and this lady astonished the inquiring newspaper man by remarking quietly, in reply to the question introducing this eerie topic that there was truth in the matter. From the communication the lady then proceeded to make it appear that this Royal phantom is no mere conventional spirit. It did not wait until midnight to sound before it appeared; it did not groan or even beckon ; and, most unaccountable circumstance of all in a castle like this, it did not make the customary clanking noises. The Hon. Mrs. Carr Glyn said :—"It is perfectly true that my son has witnessed something abnormal. He was, he tells me, sitting in the library of Windsor Castle reading a book, tbe ' History of Dorsetshire,' to be exact. As he read, he became aware of somebody passing in the inner library. He looked up and saw a female figure in black, with black lace on the head, falling on to tbe shoulders. " The figure passed across the library towards a corner which was out of view as my eon sat, and he did not take much notice, thinking it was somebody reading in tfce inner room. " This was just upon 4 in tbe afternoon, and an attendant so- n afterwards came up to close the place. My eon asked who the Jady was who was at work in the inner room, and the attendant replied that no one else was in the library. " My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before walked acros3 the inner room. "' Then where could she be ? ' asked the attendant, having ascertained that nobody was in the inner room. ' She must have gone out of a door in the corner,' said my son, indicating the corner to which the figure had passed. 'But there is no door,' said the attendant. " My son said nothing about this incident, and did not ithink very much ab jut it, I understand, until Mr. Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, the attendant having' mentioned the matter to Mr. Holmes." Asked by Mr. Holmes to describe the figure he had seen, my son did so, and Mr. Holmes replied that my son had seen the apparition of Queen Elizabeth. Mr. Holmes added that there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieutenant Glyn was the first man in our time who had seen it. Tbe Dean of Windsor also asked my son about it, and several members of the Royal Family have interviewed him on the subject. As for Mr. Holmes, I am given to understand that he has spent nights and days in the library since, in the hopes of being vouchsafed a visitation. The Hon. Sydney Carr Glyn, the famous Crimean veteran, and father of Lieutenant Glyn, has entered the room, and upon learning of the topic under discussion, said :—" If my son says he has seen anything, you may take it from us that he has seen it. He is a fresh, honest, English boy, only a subaltern, but fond of field sports, like most guardsmen, and unlike some guardsmen, fond of reading. He wouldn't exaggeiate anything a hair's breadth." Both the Hon. and Mrs. Carr Glyn gave permission for the publication of this statement by their son, subject to tbe sanction of Lieutenant Glyn, soliciting leave to give the story on his authority, and yesterday morning came the answer, " Certainly, if you like.— GLYN, Grenadiers, Islay." The representative of the " Daily Mail" next saw Mr. R. R. Holmes, F.S.A., the librarian of the Castle, and writes :—Mr. Holmes conducted me to the scene of the alleged apiparition. He pointed out the chair occupied by Mr. Glyn, which stands on the east side of the first room, and I seated myself in it. Immediately before me was a large globe, looking past which a few steps lead up into a gallery, the sides of which are lined with books, there being windows on the left hand, and a series of bays on the right; various windows of which look down upon the Terrace and out over the broad expanse of water, in the midst of which, at the present moment, Windsor town lies like an island attached to the mainland by lines of trees, and telegraph posts marking the sites of submerged roads. At the far end of the gallery is a turret, two windows of which looking on the west make a broadish space of light against which any figure traversing the gallery would be silhouetted. On the south side of the gallery—which was built by Queen Elizabeth, and used by hfr as a picture gilkry ia which she was accustomed to walk, and wherein she devised, or reflected upon, those masterpieces of statecraft which have made her reputation what it is—stands a fine chimney- piece, over which a bust of the " Virgin Queen" looks down omewhat severely upon the spot where er shade has been so recently seen. It is here that Mr. Glyn says he saw he apparition which, passing from him long the gallery, turned sharply to the ight, and disappeared into the bay from hence in former times a staircase led own to the Terrace, and on which lso Queen Elizabeth was wont to proenade. Mr. Holmes says that this gallery has had the reputation of being haunted by the ghost of Queen Elizabeth from time out of memory. His own recollection of the story dates from 27 years ago, and he has been in the habit of spending Hallowe'en in the gallery for several years in the hope of encountering h»-v deceased Majesty. He had heard some rumor to the effect that the Emprass Frederick had, when a child, seen an apparition in the gallery, and on her visiting Windsor next week hopes to secure some corroboration or denial of the rumor. 