THE fiSOSTOF SM FALE. i "To be let or sold. A well-furnished 12-room cottage. Lovely scenery, close to sea. Good fishing. Low rent. Apply «gent, Sea Vale, Somerset" The above advertisement In a London paper was the talisman which drew us to Sea Vale, a quiet watering place on Jfche Bristol Channel. My father, a retired naval officer, hated town life; but we had lived iu London for the sake of the boys. Their education was now completed, and all being well ont of hand, there remained no Silsdrance to my father's modest ambition for life in the country, with a bit Of fishing to while away the time. The Knoll was a. low, irregularly built Louse, ivy clad, and nestling at the foot of a larch-crowned hill, the elopes of which were clothed with mossy tut^ Jewelled with sweet wild thyme, pink -sea thrift, dainty harebells and golden -trefoil. In front of the boose was a large garden overflowing with fruit and flowers growing with little regard Jo order, bat presenting a beautiful whole to loversof old- fashioned gardening. Great bush roses, glowing with masses of bloom, •fiweet Williiams in endless variety,pinks, larkspurs, and quaint-faced pansies •grew side by side with fruit trees and .vegetables. About a mile beyond the garden lay the channel, of which there was an unbroken view from every window. The inside of the house proved exceedingly comfortable, although the entrance was somewhat mean, there being only a small hall, with the foot of the stairs dose to the door on one side, and a long Barrow window on the other. This was exactly opposite the dining-room door, :wbicli room was of rather unique shape, having an alcove facing the door. 'Had the alcove been at either end of the room it would have given length, but Bo placed it seemed mejiainglass and useless, except for the purpose of keeping ont of the way a high, cumbersome, antique cabinet, which otherwise would Lave greatly trespassed on the very limited space. The Knoll was the property of a Mrs Marsh, but she had not cared to live there since the death of her husband five years ago. The absurdly low rent and the discovery that the Knoll had changed tenants nine times within five years, made my father dhbioos wheHier this (seemingly charming haven or rest might mot prove defective in the matter of •drains or water supply. But he decided to take it for six months with the option of purchase at he end of that time. We went in at midsummer, and by Christmas were so well satisfied that yee had fallen upon a bargain such as iwe were scarcely likely to again meet fin equal that my father was about making arrangements for purchasing, when on incident occurred which altered our flesire to possess this picturesque cottage. It was Christmas Eve. AH my brothers Were expected home by the last train. I and my sister, Madge, were putting BP evergreens in the hall. Darkness fell upon us before we had completed our task, but the lamp and firelight streaming from the open door of the diningroom (where Hannah, our one domestic, was laying the table in readiness for the travellers) was quite sufficient. Madge, .who was on a step ladder, placing ivy Over the window, suddenly gave a. piercing shriek, and fell in a heap on the fioor, covering her eyes as though to Shut out some fearful sight. Hannah rnshed out of the dining-room, and in so doing closed the door after her, which added to the confusion until' my father came running down stairs with a light "What upon earth Is the matter?" he exelaimed,ns Madge, springing up,threw ihersclf into his arms and buried her face on his shoulder. "Oh, father," she cried, "I saw a Qreadful old man at the window. He looked as if he were dead. Is he there now?" and slie shuddered as she clung jto him. 3fy father opened the front door, but nothing could he see but the laurel bush, jwhich grew close under the window. "There is no one there. Yon are over- Mred, Madge," he said.somewhat sternly. '"Hannah, take all this rubbish away"— giving the holly a kick as it lay on the Boot—and he led Madge oft into the dining-room and poured her out a glass of wine, but she could not be convinced that it was her nerves that were at fault "Would you mind staying with me. Miss Hanley, while I clear up the holly?" said Hannah. "Why, Hannah?" I laughed. "Surely you are not afraid of the man at the (window?" • "Yes, I am. Miss," she returned in a dogged way. "and yon must please get eomeono else as soon as you can. I Qursn't stay here now that Miss Madge Łas seen old Marsh." ; "Old Marsh! What do you mean? 1 "Why, it was *im, Miss, sure enough, as Miss Madge saw. I was told when I came here that J should never stay because of old Marsh's ghost. But I didn't believe in ghosts then, and said I'd risk eeein' 'im anyway; but you see. Miss, it Ss true enough." "I really do not uuderstaad you, Hankiah. "Who is old Marsh 7' "Why, Mrs Marsh's husband, Miss. He committed suicide out in the garden there. That is why Mrs Harsh cannot Lear this place. They say old Marsh comes and looks in at the hall window He looks just as he did when in his •coffin. I dare not live here. Miss, so please take a month's notice." "Really, Hannah. I am astonished that a. woman of your age and sense should toeiievc so impossible a story. I suppose you have been telling Miss Madge this absurd rumor." "No, Indeed, Miss. I have not I promised Mr Small, the agent X wouldn't tell why the other people left, and I Shouldn't hare said a word now if old Marsh hadn't come back." The arrival of the boys dismissed for the time all thought of old Marsh, although Madge was so timid in pasting the hall window at night that I was •careful to see that the blind was drawn at dark. The isolated position of the tioasc had liltiierto made this, seem unnecessary. My father and the boys treated her alarm and Hannah's determination to leave- as a huge joke, until one night when I had forgotten to draw ith- blind, Bernard, my youngest brother, went from the drawing-room, where we •all were, to fetch something from the •fining-room. ^Father," he called, "c-ome here quickly." The sharp Ting of tenor or pain—we could not tell which — in his jrolce made us all follow my father into the halL • "Look." cried Bernard, who, with t)lanched face, stood midway between ibe dining-room and the hall \tindow ; that old Marsh?" There, sure enough, In the upper port of" the window, we all could distinctly «ee the head and shoulders of an old man. The features set; the eyelids •closed, as in the awful stillness of death. In life it could not have been otiierthan .sui nnpleasiag tace, hut with the seal of death adding to Its coldness Mid hardmess. it appeared positively hideous. "This mnst be a cleverly played.irick," •paid my fattier, going close • op the •glass and peering out. Bat £he, eold, still iace seemed" to mock Mm, for-there ?tasas>in sbadowyoutline against the sfiirels. ' Be and the toys searched around the flashes, iraf notliJng coald they see or hear save the soughing ofthe wind and the murmur of the distant sea. Hour after hour we kept going out into the hall to see If the shadowy form of the old man were etill there. Yes, there it was, and its very immovableness added to its horrible fascination. It was long after midnight before we could be persuaded to disperse, although father, npon his return from potting out the limits in the dining-room, thankfully informed us that the horrid foce had disappeared. "I will fathom this to-morrow," said he, "or else we will go out of the house at once. I will see the agent and bear what he has to say about this cock-andbull story Hann-i>i tells." Accordingly next day he went to Sea Vale. The agent allowed that it was reported that The Knoll was haunted, but, said he, "That sir, is easily accounted for, because of Mr Marsh destroying himself in the garden faring the house. People are always ready to declare a place haunted that has been the scene of a suicide or murder." "•Quite so." agreed my father. "I am no believer in ghosts, but the fact remains that my daughters fortnight ago, saw the head and shoulders of an old man. apparently dead; and we all saw the same face last night through the window. On no account shall I remain at The Knoll unless the affair is cleared up. Will you spend an evening with us? Should the face again appear you will at least be able to tell us if it resembles the late Mr Marsh?" Willingly the agent acquiesced ; but though he came for a whole week nothing was seen of the apparition. That the man thought us little less than idiots we were well aware. "I think, sir." said he one evening when he rose to go, "you will allow thai it is useless my coming out here night after night" " It does seem like it," returned my father, "but came until the end of this week." At this moment Hannah burst into the room without ceremony, crying, "Old Marsh! sir, oid Marsh!" Quickly we went into the hall, and again were confronted by the cold shadowy form of the dead man. The agent took one glance, and putting np his anus to ward off the dreadful sight, exclaimed in hushed, horrified tones: "It is he. sir, it is Mr Marsh!" Explanation there was none. Sleep in that house auother night not (me of us would. Late though it was, we walked into Sea Vale and took rooms until such time as we could remove our belongings^ The agent refused to again undertake the letting of The Knoll. He wrote Mrs Marsh a full account of what Be had himself witnessed. The following day brought Mm a letter from Mrs Slarsh. who commenced by expressing her thankfulness to have "t last discovered the reason why she could not keep a tenant Having no portrait of her husband she had a cast taken after death and a. bust executed by a wellknown sculptor. This bust she felt sure was not a thing strangers would care to hfre about. Therefore when she let The Knoll furnishedjt was placed on the top of the oak cabinet facing the dining room door. That it was the reflection ol this bust thrown npon the Jiall window she had but little doubt.. She requested the agent to ask my father to go with him to The Knoll and see for himself. We went that night in a body. Nothing could be seen of the bust from the floor, but upon climbing to the top of the step ladder there it wa/>, pushed far back against the wall in the hollowed arch of the alcove. We lighted the lamps and went into the hall. There, before, was the face that had so alarmed us and previous tenants. Upon closing the door it, of course, instantly vanished. . We are still living at our beautiful cottage, and we often congratulate ourselves upon the fortunate discovery of an optical illusion, which, upon the removal of the bust happily freed us from the presence of " The Man at the Win- dow."— "London Dramatic News." 