THE LADIES' COLUMN. ONE DAY AT A TIME. What an unspeakable comfort in the thought, if we would only slop in the midst of our worries and reflect upon it ! Only the griefs, losses, putty trials, and vexations of one day to be met and con quered in that day ! if tho busy, over- burdened housekeeper stopped to think on Monday morning of the thousands of steps to be taken before the coming Saturday night, of tho piles of garments to be washed, ironed, mended, or made, the pies aud loaves to be baked, the rooms to be swept, dusted, and scrubbed, the meals to bo cooked and cleared away, tlic dimes to be washed, the blackings of tho colcing-stove and the polishiugs of brasses that must make up the week s total, she would turn her face to the wall aud ask to die in her bed, then and there. If the school -teacher allowed herself to cii'ouhilc the number of slates and exor cises to be corrected, the copies to be sot, the recitations to be heard, the childish quarrels to be settled, the refractory pupils to be reasoned with or punished, the reports to be made out, she could never summon strength to walk to tlie school. But, happily, the saleswoman need only nerve herself for the countless steps, the selfish exactions of customers, the em ployers frowns, one day at a time; the little type-writer has blessed intervals of rest from the weary click- click of her Re mington ; the dressmaker, the milliner, the factory girl, the workwoman of any calling need not Inn!, .ilmul iii.n eight or ten hours : and if she is wise, and wants to reach a green old age, she will take no special thought or care for the morrow, uulcss, indeed, she happens to be on the start of a paper or magazine, and even tlion she can plan her work so that no day need be more burdensome than another. The old woodcutter in the ancient fable, who bade his sons try to break a thick bundle of faggots, and when tliey failed showed thorn how easily the sticks could be broken one at a lime, was ex ceedingly wise in his day and generation. Tlic women who anticipate wrinkles and grey hair by being constantly apprehen sive of them, arc sure to grow old before their time; while the "jolly, cheerful woman who resolutely refuses to think of them keeps her bright eyes, Irer rosy cheeks, her smooth brow, her unfrostcd locks to the latest possible moment. The wcil-to do business man who allows Ins thoughts to dwell on the possibility of future poverty, is in danger of missing all the comfort and happiness his money might procure for himself and others ; but the healthy- minded man who believes in one diy at a time, and one world at a time, sheds iuv ami mirr.Ii rliarifv Mm! kindliness, hope and help around him while ho lives, to say nothing of the living green in which the memory of liini is kept after his death. W itli proper management we may sandwich comfort, rest. "and pleasure with our daily tasks. But whatever we do and whatever we may leave undone, let not the ghost of to-moiTOvv haunt us ! 