Chapter XIV. The rehearsals began early in the morning, and usually lasted until late in the afternoon. Glory four.d them wearisome, depressing, and often humiliating. The body ol. the theatre was below the level of the street and in the daytime was little better than a vast vault. If she entered by the front she tumbled against seats and saw the figures of men and women silhouetted in the distance, and heard the echo of cavernous voices. If by the back she came upon the prompter's table set midway across the stage, with a twin gas bracket shooting up behind it like a geyser, and an open space of some 20 feet by .20 in front whereon the imaginary passions were to disport themselves at play. • Glory found real ones among them and they were; sometimes in hideous earnest. Jealousy, , envy, uneharLableness, and all the rancour of life where the struggle for it is bitterest, attempted to take advantage of her inexperience, to rob her of the best posi tions on the stage, to cut out her lines which, "scored," to impose upon her. g|nius fwft.nnnntr.lii'nonntT tMflifinno nrlnnli'wovfl the two-penny-ha'penny traditions which'were like the laws of the Medes .and the Persians and not to be altered, these,: with: the weary waits, the half darkness, the chill atmosphere, the void in front with its seats in linen covers, suggesting an audience of silent ghosts, and then the sense of the bright, busy, bustling, rattling, real world above, sent her home day after day with a headache, a heartache, and tears bubbling out of her eyes.: : :: And when she had conquered these 1 condi tions or settled down to them and had made such progress with her part as to throw away her scrip, the old horror of the woman she was to make herself into came back as a new terror. The ..visionary Gloria was very proud and vain and: selfish and trampled everything under foot that she might possess the world and; the things of the world. The real Gloria was not like that, yet there were points of resemblance between them and .it seemed as if the author' had somehow given the visionary woman the little traits and harmless tricks of the real one that she might, thereby lure her to give up her heart also. . She came near to doing it too. Sometimes during a long scene, running through the whole gamu tof passion, pride, vanity, selfishness, and even sensuality, she would awake as from a nightmare, with : a horrible sense that the pleading, passionate, groaning, guttural voice she heard was not her own voice and that the i evil woman had dispossessed her of . herself, i Then she' would, stop suddenly and looking round would see the;company ranged about her, silent and with looks of astonishment. . _Aud meantime the real woman had- a far different part to play. Every morning, with a terrible reality at her heart, she glanced' over the newspapers for news ,of John Storm. t- She had not far to look. A sort of grotesque romance had gathered about him, as of ai modern Don Quixote, tilting a windmills. His name was . the, point of a pun, there were cartoons, Caricatures, and all other forms "of j the: joke that is not a'.joke because it is an I insult. .:v \\-| Sometimes she took stolen glances at his work. On Sunday morning she walked through Soho, passed the people sitting on their door-! steps reading the sporting intelligence in the Sunday papers, with their larks in cages hung on nails overhead, until she came to the church and heard the . singing inside and saw chalked up on the walls the legend, "God bless the Farther." She heard tbathe was to be allowed to have a children's treat in one of the parks, and when rehearsal was over she hurried away to the scene of it and came upon the little ones as.they. were coming home and scuttling across the fashionable thoroughfares like rats; Taking advantage of the gathering darkness, she picked up a little toddle:who was whimpering and dropping asleep and carried it across a lino of carriages, and then came face to; face with John Storm himself at the kerb of the opposite pavement with another child in hit arms. Dlisk as it was he saw her, but she hastened off, and he also turned away. :Strange charge against a clergyman !"■•. It was a low-class paper, ; and the charge was a badge of honor. A young ruffian (it was Charles Wilkes) had been brought up on remand on a charge: of assaulting Father Storm and been sentenced to a week's imprisonment, notwith standing the father's appeal and offer of bail, he had accused the clergyman of relations with his sweetheart (it was Agatha Jones). Glory's anger at the world's treatment of John- Storm deepened to a great love of the down-trodden man. She saw an announcement of his last service and determined togotoit. The church, was crowded, chiefly by the poor, and the air was heavy with a smell of oranges and beer. It was a week evening, and wtien the organ played and the choir came in, followed by John Storm in his black cassock. Glory could nod help a thrill of physical joy at being near him. The text was, "Woe unto you, Scribes and Pharisee, hypocrites | for ye aro like unto whi'ced sepulchres, which indeed appear beau tiful outside, but within are full of dead men'3 hones and alluncleanness." The first half of the sermon was a denunciation of: the morality of men. We made clean the outside of the platter, but the so-called purity of England was a smug sham built upon rottenness and sin. There were men among us ; damned sensualists left un touched by the idleness of the public con science,: who did not even know where their children were to be found. Let them go down: into the gutters of life and look for their own faces and, God forgive them, their mothers' faces, among the outcast and the criminal. The second half was. a defence of woman. The sins of tjio world against womanWere the most crying wrongs of -the time. Had they ever reflected on the hero ism of women—on their self- denying, unre warded labor? Oh, why was woman held so cheap as in this immoral London of to-day ? There had been scarcely a breach of the law of nature by Women, and not one that men were not chiefly to blame for. Men tempted them.by love of dress, of ■ ease, of money, and of fame to forget their proper vocation ; but every true woman came right in the end and and preferred to the false ami fictitious labor for worldly glory a mother's silent and unseen devotion, counting it no virtue at all. "Yes, women, mothers, girls, in your hands lies the salvation of England. . May. you live in this prospect, and may God and his ever blessed Mother be your reward all through this weary life and in glory everlasting." (To be continued.) \ 