OUR BA.THB. WHY ARE THEY SHUT? hMn. SAMUEL FISHER writes :-I walked down Hunter-street this after noon admiring the many splendid decorations, and after wondering if even one of us would live to tell those in existence at the next centenary of Newcastle, how Rudolph Langer, worthy successor of C. H. Hannell, anoervised the erection of arches and the arranging of the many long lines of Chinese lanterns across the streets. I observed the branches of the loads of umbrageous oucalypti, and leaves of cabbage palms and other in digenous shrubs, turning Hunter street, had it not been for the clouds of dust, into a huge fairy bower, showing what a colossal mind can do when flamed into activity by patriot ism. While standing listening to a number of art critics, who were freely expressing their opinions as to whether the figure on the right handcorner ofatransparencywasmeann t for the late Lee Weller or the Mayor, I was nearly brought to the pave ment, not by treading on a banana kshin-Oh! no, I'm tbo used to that to let such a trifle upset my equilibrium -but through being collided with by a young fellow of a bucolic appear ance, who was rushing with bull-like impetuosity across Newcomen-street. Hastily apologising for being the cause of thb.e impact, he asked if I could tell him when the baths would be again opened to the public. ' Ask me something easy, my friend," I answered. "Well, can you inform me why they are closed this hot, dusty weather when there are hundreds of visitors languishing for a bath ?" Again he had me beaten. "Then who runs this natatorial building ?" " Our city fathers are supposed to in the interests of the citizens, but I think at present the Mayor has the biggest say ?" " How's that ?" "Why, because some four months ago he was instructed to close them for two months while they were being renovated, and as that has been done and double the time elapsed he must be boss of the show or the aldermen would have taken him to task for not obeying orders." "How old is this lovely city of yours ?" " A hundred years."" " And what are the ages of the city fathers, as you call them ?" "Not having examined their mouths I can't say for a certainty, but think the average would be about 55." " Great Scott! Say it again. Fifty-five! Then old friend it is time they strapped their blueys and left these diggings. Only fancy 11 supposed intelligent men, whose ages toctal 716 years or more inviting us fellows from the land of saltbush and sandflies to come and assist in cele brating the centenary of their city, and then to prevent us from having a good old bath. Why, Mister, this is the treat we have been anticipating for months. Ap good warm bath, and a plunge in sea water, without the fear of being haunted by the ghost of Alee Watt's shark taking our near leg off for breakfast." "I'm sorry I can't help you, my mulga friend; but your sufferings are shared by hundreds of citizens to-day, who believe that cleanliness is next to godliness, but have to postpone the cleansing process until David Miller, Esq., J.P., and chief magistrate of this coaly, dusty city, sees fit to au thorise caretaker Twomey to open the doors of the baths to the great un washed. "But what am I to do? There is no bath where I am staying, and through the streets not being suffi ciently watered, I shall have enough dust on me if I stay the week out to make me look like a model in clay when I reach home. Feeling assured there was no pos sible chance of my pastoral friend ob taining his warm bath, or of indulging his penchant for a saline dip under Billy Toomey's eagle eye, I advised him to keep hias throat and inside clean at the various ho tels, leaving the outside until he reached his far off home in the Never Never country, when he could give his epidermis a good sand papering, and save the dust as a memento of his visit to Newcastle during the centenary week, 1897. As he thanked me for the advice, I could not help pitying him, for surely his was a hard case, coming, as he did, hundreds of miles on pleasure bent, to be unable to get almost the first thing a traveller would ask for a bath-in this the second city of of N.8. Wales. Why,.methinks, our baths should have been one of the lions of the town. Only recently renovated, and, full of fresh sea water, what a treat for our visitors, and I verily believe nearly sufficient money would have been taken to pay for the renovating of the building. Who is to blame for this neglect? Now then, Mr. Thorn, ask the ques tion, and oblige. Ruesia has the largest military expenses, 253,000,000 a year. Britain follows next with £38,000,000; Franooce, with £37,000,000; Germany, with £26,000,000; Auetria, £18,000,000; Italy, £13,000,000. 