SUNDAY SERAICES. TRINITY CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. (BY ' VISITOR.') Men — especially young men — are generally supposed to be more difficult to attract 1o church than women. Such is not the case at the Trinity Congregational Church, where a service was held last Sunday evening specially for voung men, who formed by no means an inconsiderable part of a very large congregation. The Rev. W. T. Kencb, who conducted the service, and preached the sermon, would probably disclaim any attempt at oratory, but he is nevertheless an orator in so far that he possesses the incommuni cable s;ift of attractiveness — of being able not merely to arrest the attention but also to retain it, by presenting familiar truths in a new ligbt. He quotes from such widely different writers as Shakespeare, Wendell Holmes, Thomas Carlyle, and Plato. He uses simple, intelligible lan guage, but it is not the simplicity of baldness or of barrenness, but that which marks a naturally ornate 6tyle under perfect re straint. The preacher, who took his text from Prov. vii., 6 and 7, opened with a graphic, if slightly imaginative, description of the scene which the wise man saw when he looked from the lattice of his window — the ' pleasure-seekers wandering aimlessly along, and among them the young man void of understanding, with his effeminate saunter — an overdressed exquisite.' There has been a revolt of late years against the old-fashioned formal division of discourses under definite headings, and there is no doubt that this device was frequently the refuge of men who found it less trouble to hang a few desultory comments on halfa dozen ' headings ' than to follow out a connected train of thought. Nevertheless, there is no doubt that the system of formal ' divi sions' is a great aid to the memory, and tends to guard the speakers against undue repetition. Mr. Kench observed that tbe young man in the text was ' 6imple ' — (a) Because he was without guiding principle — a ship without a rudder, a derelict marked ' dan gerous' on the Admiralty charts. He bad good nature, but no other good quality, and good nature was sometimes only another name for softness. Young men should learn to think for themselves, and form decided opinions. A lazy acquies cence in the views ot others was not good. (b) He was without self -reverence and self-control. He bad no rever ence for this wonderful body of ours, which was or should be the temple of tbe Holy Ghost — no control over those desires of the body, which, though they might be innocent in themselves, were , dangerous if once we allowed them to get the upper hand. (c) He deliberately placed him self in the way of temptation. If we went on the devil's own ground we must expect to be attacked. There was a superstition among the Tied Indians that when a ' brave ' was killed his strength passed into the arm of his murderer. Some thing of the same kind was true of the spiritual conflict. Every time that a temptation was successfully resisted we gained fresh strength to resist. (d) He allowed himself to be won over by specious words and flatteries. There was plenty of this devil's work going on to-day in warehouses and stores. ' Put away those old-fashioned notions you brought from home — have your fling now, while you are young — you will never have the chance while you are old.' After a brief sketch of the certain penalties which followed the infringement of Nature's laws, the preacher concluded with an earnest appeal to his bearers to be guided by the counsels of the Book, and a word of comfort to any who might be in despair. Although it would not be right to treat the musical portion of the service its if it were merely a concert, there can be no barm in mentioning that during the offer tory ' Praise His awful Name ' (chorus from Spohr's ** Last Judg ment ') was well sung by the choir, under the direction of Mr. John Davies, the various pitfalls with which this anthem abounds being carefully avoided. The soloists were Mrs. Neave (soprano) and Mr. Thomson (bass). Mr. Frank Barnes, the organist, played as voluntaries Bell Offertoire in D (Batiste) and Offertoire in D major and minor (Batiste). The Hong Kong correspondent of the London Times reports that the military authorities have pur chased for .£30,000 the Mount Austin Hotel, which is to be con verted into barracks. The building, which is on the Peak.about 1,400ft., above the sea level, will be ready for occupation in October. An important increase in the force of British artillery is contemplated. 