The Phantom Voice. A STRANGE CASE IN A PENNSYLVANIA COURT. Sitting on the verandah of his summer residence by an inland lake in Michigan, surrounded by his family and guests, the venerable Judge Wattles told the strangest story of his professional career. “Immediately following my admission to the bar.” lie said, “I was made pro secuting attorney, accepting the honor as a deserved tribute to m 3' superior abilities. But you must boar in mind that this was a good many years ago, in a little valley town of Pennsylvania, whore wo wore hemmed in by the mountains and had few with whom to compare in the matter of intelligence or attainments. “In the criminal annals of the country there wore the evidences of a well-disposed community, and it came as a startling sensation when Farmer Jenkins, driving homo late one night, was beaten to in- j sensibility and robbed of a large sum of mono}'. Hero was work for mo and I went at it with the zeal of an ambitious beginner. Jenkins insisted that he would be able to identify his assailant, seen in the dim moonlight that sifted through the trees, describing him as a tall, well- dressed young man with a dark moustache, and an angry red scar across his left check. “Why I seed that air critter,” declared Constable Joe Huskey. “I kirn on him sudden likeyistorday when I was lishin’ at Punkey Holler crick. Th’ fellar war in swinamin'an’tolo mo he war just outen the city fur a lettle recreation. I'd know him 'raongst a thousan’.” “By employing competent assistance from Philadelphia, wo ran down our man, Jenkins and Huskey both recognising him at sight. A few days after the arrest and while I was working on the case, a hand some matronly appearing woman walked into tho ofllcc, introducing herself as the mother of tho prisoner, who had given the name of Harry Winter. She bore the un mistakable marks of refinement and in a brief statement punctuat ed by convulsing sobs, assured mo that a terrible mistake had boon made. Harry was her son, her only support, and she a widow. Ho was the soul of honor, and had never given her an hour’s anxiety. He was with her tho night of the assault and robber}-. They had walked for an hour in the evening, after which he read to her, going to his room at 11. It was a physical as well as a moral impossibility for him to have done the great wrong laid at his door. Her story greatly impressed mo, but there was tho positive identification by Jenkins and the constable, “Less than a week later I had another caller ; a well-dressed man, who walked with a limp, and who said he had been subpnened by tho defence to show Winter’s good reputation. But nothing could have surprised him more, for he knew the ac cused to have a damning record. He de clared that ho had a full confession of that very crime from the prisoner, who had re lied upon the cripple as a loyal friend, simply because they had met occasionally at the mother’s house. This swept away tho doubts that she had created, convinc ing me that .her clinging love had over come her regard for the truth. I gained a promise from tho cripple that ho would say nothing till called to tho stand by the other side. “When the prosecution had made its case at tho trial I was entirely sat isfied. Just after Jenkins and Huskey had sworn point blank, as I knew they would, word reached me that there was a private de- j tectivo in the court room who wanted , Winter for a crime committed in New I York. This was help from an unexpected i source, and I soon had it before the jury that tho ugly scar on Winter’s check was made by a man defending his home against burglars. There was not a weak link in the chain of evidence that had been coiled about him. “On his behalf the testimony of the | weeping mother made a deep impression but I was quite confident that tho spoil she had put upon the twelve men sitting in judgment would yield to the cool de liberations of the jury room. After seve ral unknown witnesses had given testi mony tending to show that Winter had led a reputable life, (.ho man who had called upon me limped to tho stand, and I must confess that I rejoiced at tho antici pated confusion of tho defence. “ But there was a most unaccountable intervention. No sooner was tho oath ad ministered to the witness than a voice from overhead solemnly warned him to re member that ho had made sacred promise before his Maker to toll nothing but tho t ruth. The prisoner dropped heavily into his chair, tho jurymen went white as ghosts, and the judge cast a troubled look about tho coiling as if to detect tho bold offender. ; Order in the court’ was gruffly demanded and the case proceeded. Tho first; material question asked was as to the character of tho prisoner, and that same phantom voice, this time from tho roar of the judge, called tho collapsed witness by name, and said, in measured tones : *Ko member that tho pains and penalties of perjury arc not indicted in this world alone, but are imposed through all eternity.’ “Tho court whirled and gasped with a terror that pride sought to vainly conceal. An unknown dread was nppn mo and the jury men wore stricken with fright. Hard headed and practical old farmers as they wore tho superstition that had lain dormant and dying through generations was quickened into life. But it was tho witness who cringed and stared as though in the presence of death. Ho admitted a hitter enmity toward tho prisoner whoso liberty he had meant to swear away, though called in his behalf, and wound up by not only swearing that Winter was a model young man, but that ho was seen walking with his mother by tho witness on tho night in question. ! “ I felt tho ground slipping from under I me, but tho dramatic climax was yet to j come. From an open door into one of the small adjacent rooms hurried an excited man, with striking features and blazing eyes. Ho rushed to the prisoner, embrac ing him as a father might have done, and then demanded, rather than requested that his evidence might bo taken. It was to tho effect that ho had boon a captain in tho Mexican war, that Winter thou a more boy, was a drummer whom the captain lovod as a father ; that when bo was shot from his horse in a charge tho hoy gal lantly fought back tho murderous .Mexi cans till stronger assistance would corno, and that there ho had received tho wound which left such a ghastly scar. Tho im petuous witness oven got in a statement that there must bo some vile conspiracy against Winter, and wauled to confront the private detective. But. ho had dis appeared. Tho jury acquitted without retiring, and I thought their verdict a righteous one.” “ One evening, some years later, when South on business, I found time heavy on my hands and dropped into a place of amusement. I was indifferently interested until that voice of tho court room which still haunted my memory, enmo from an upper corner of the hall. I folt Hko run ning, but, turning to the stage, I saw ray hero of the Mexican war. He tapped mo a recognition, and later went with mo to the hotel. There under pledge of secrecy, ho gave mo tho inside facts of that mys terious trial. ” “ Tho alleged mother, the alleged detec tive, the alleged captain, the cripple and Winter were all members of a shrewd gang of crooks operating in the oast. Winter had committed the robbery, and his pals had put up tho elaborate scheme which saved him. They enjoyed many a laugh over tho manner in which they had ‘done’ tho ‘Rubes’ up in my county. Winter was t hen doing a life sentence. The ‘mother was dead, tho ‘ detective’ fled tho country, and tho cripple went with him, ‘The cap tain’ was one of tho best ventriloquists of tho day, and had become a ‘professor,’ who made an honest living. It was his voice thrown at will, that left us simple Penn sylvania folks thinking that wo had en countered the supernatural.” 