' PRISON ESCAPES. With a Few Remarkable Examples. There is nodepartment of literature more fascinating than that which treats of prisons und prison escupes (says a writer in tho London Daily Telegraph). Like Goodwin's, the other day, most of them appear to end budly. They may be desperate ventures, like the Dart moor affair, or the deeply-planned schemes of months — nay, years — but the odds are dead against tliem, and fortune is seldom propitious. The .Inverts are better men than the Val jeans. Society is ton strong for those who break its covenants. But, never theless, tho thirst for liberty ragt-s as frightfully as ever. What says Victor Iluno in his famous book about this same demon t It changes precipices into moats, iron bars into reeds, a cripple into an athlete, a gouty patient into a bird, stupidity into instinct, instinct into intellect, and intellect into «enius. It is not always possible to explain the marvels of an escape ; the [ man who breaks prison is inspired (we quote from ' the Valjean chronicle) ; there is a flash in the mysterious light of the flight ; the effort made for de i ; nornnw is no less sumrise than the soaring towards the sublime. To bo free they will even consent to be buried alive like Blin, who was no creaturo of fiction, but a French con vict famous for his escapes. It is said of him that he could penetrate arches, run along sloping roofs, fly down to the, 'round like a bird, lift the stone flags of his cell flooring, or scratch his way out underground with his nails alone. But his greatest feat, as told by himself, was performed at one of the bagnes, where he was buried in a deep ditch by his comrades. Tho episode was cer tainly not sodramatic as Jean Valjean's oniniiihmpnh. Wlin has not shuddered ever it? 'He suddenly felt hands seize the coffin, and then noticed a rumbling grating on the planks ; he (messed that a rope was being fastened round the coffin in ordt-r to lower it into ?the grave. After this he felt dizzy for awhile. He felt a certain amount of cold as a chill and solemn voice was raised above him, and he hoard the Latin wards, which he did not under understand : 1 Requiem sBternam dona ei, Domine. JRequiescat in pace. Amen.' ' Then the priests moved away, and Jean Valjean said to himself, 'They are going away ; I am alone ; in a few minutes tfauchelevent will come and let me out.' All at onco he heard over his head a noise which appeared to him like a thunderclap ; it was a spadeful fell, and one of the holes by which he breathed wasstopped — a thirdshovclful fell, and then a fourth. Then the fugitive eonvict fainted. Even he, who wa3 so strong and so desperate — just as Goodwin, faint and famished, cave in at last. Bliin, how ever, had not even a coffin to cover him, but was in the midst of the earth itself, and took his chance of suffoca tion, having got tools with . him to regain the surface. But the floodgates were opened, drains and watercourses were flushed, and Bhin was soon up to his neck in a torrent of sewage. He escaped, however. Then came the samo problem which confronted Good win, and all other prison breakers. The clothes problem. Bhin attacked the first passer-by, and ' with strange forbearance,' as he puts it, robbed him only of his clothes. ' I might have killed him. I never thought of it. I — branded as tho most abjoct being, abused, digraced, despised — I only asked him the road to Blaye.' Tlie third night, driven ? by hunger, he begged for bread at a house, when the stolen garments betrayed him. ' For the thirtieth and last time I had failed,' ho told the chaplain of La Roquette ' Now I have no hope ; this prison is too strong.' This story is tc-ld in ' Secrets of the Prison House.' But if any one wants a thrilling hour, let hitn turn to the chapter on 'Escapes'' in another of Major Griffith's prison books — the well-known history of Millhank. The most marvel lous of many escapes from that famous prison was Punch Howard's, who had also broken out of Newgate and Horsemonger-lane gaol. In those days the prisoners used regular steel knives, which were given in for meal times, and then immediately removed. Howard, at dinner time, converted his knife into a rough saw by hammer ing tho edge of the blade on the corner of his iron bedstead, and with this sawed through one rivet, leaving tlie window in statu quo. The whole thing was effected within the dinner hour : saw made, bar cut, and knife returned. Then Howard set to work His call was situated at the top of the infirmary, being lighted by a window whose extreme length was about 3ft. nnd its width 6 Jin. The window itself rerolved on a central bar, which -was riveted into tho stone at each end. Hoisting himself again to the window, by hanging his blanket on a hammock hook in the wall just beneath, he re moved tho window bodily — one rivet having been sawn through, the other soon gavo way. The way of egress, such as it wa?, was now open — a narrow slit, 3ft. by 6Jin. Howard was a stoutly-built man, with a by no means small head, yet ho managed to get his head through the opening. Having accomplished this, no doubt after tremendous pressure and much pain to himself, ho turned sc as to lie on his back, and worked his shoulders and arms out. He had previously put the window with its central iron liar half in and half out of the orifice, meaning to use it as a platform to stand on, the weight of his body pressing down, ono end, whilst the other caught against the roof of tho the opening, and so gave him firm foothold. He had also torn up his blankets and sheets in strips, and tied them together so as to form a long rope, one end of which was fast ened to his legs. He was now half wny out of tho window, lying in a horizontal position, with his arms free, his body nipped about the centre by the narrow opening, his legs still inside his cell. It was not diffi cult for him now to draw out tho rest of his body, and as soon as he had length enough ho threw himself up and caught the coping stone of the roof above. All this took placo on tho top storv. at a heicht of some 35 feet from tho ground. He was now outsido the wall, and standing on the outer end of tho window-bar. To draw out the whole lengths of blanket and sheeting rope, throw them on to the roof, and clamber after, were his next exploits, llis next job was to descend into the garden below, which encircles the whole of the buildings, and is itsulf sur rounded by a low boundary wall. This garden was patrolled by six sentries, lie could see them. He took the descent by degrees, lowering himself from the roof to the third-floor window, and from third floor to second, from second to first, and from first to tho ground. The hack of the nearest patrol iust then was turned, and Howard was unobserved. Next moment he was seen standing in his whito shirt, but otherwise naked, in among tho tomb stones of the penitientiary graveyard. Concluding that he was a ghost, the sentry, as he afterwards admitted, turned tail aud ran, and Howard was soon over the wall. Within a minute he w.is in his mother's house in Pye street, close by, got food and clothing, and was off' to the country. And the story of his capture roads like a romance. But ho was captured within 48 hours. The safe custody of prisoners is now reduced to a science, thou-;h they seem held but by a thread. They work 'en plein air' in the open, miles be yond the prison gates or boundary walls. The stall of officers in charge is less than 10 per cent. ; ro ostensible means of coercion are used ; the prisoners. exccDt in the case of half a dozen of the most turbulent, wear no chains. The whole system depends on the close observance of certain princi ples which have come to be regarded as axioms almost by the officials. No prisoner is allowed to be for one moment out of the officer's sight , that officer starts in the morning with a certain number or convicts in his nliarne : he must brin' in the same number on his return to the prison. Beyond the vigilant eye of these officers in charge of small parties ranges a wide cordon of warder sentries, who are raised or. high platforms and have an uninterrupted view around. A carefully prepared code of signals serves to givo immediate notice of escape. A shrill note on tho whistle, a single shot from a sentry's breach loader sounds the alarm — ' A man gono !' Next second, the whistles re-echo, shot answers shot ; the parties are assembled in the twinkling of an eye, and a force of spare officers hasten ot once to the point from whence comes the first note of distress. It is next to im possible for a fugitive to get away ; if he runs for it, he is chased ; if he goes to ground, they dig him out; if he takes to the water, he is soon over hauled. Such is the graphic picture of convict life drawn for us by the only literary Governor of Prisons (Major Griffiths) «e have ever hrtd. These prisons keep their secrets only too well. 