love letters TO FAIR VIOLA. Sent by Raymond Defoe, artist, of Mel bourne, to. Mhts Viola Field, of Ken- Btngton, London, England. EDITED BY JUSTIN SHELLET. u <ntght« Rwcrved.) No. V. My Dearos Vlolu,— If all highways tvnd ot Home, on th<; rMhor nuu?tIonubk» aflufjc Informs us, then It hi only fn4r to :i;>suu)>.- that tho byways. In ali Eiiglirh-xpeakDig com- luuntDcs at least, fond to hum-.;, uwwt l»om«'. Thin w.-.o cerUiinly the case with our party. Wo Jiuvo vacated tho ver dant tsltuid In the Glppalnnd lake, and arc attain. ;U the doctor's doiightfu) lia- ven at Brighton, and from hore my fu ture letters to you, sweet Vloln, will be forwarded. But I muHt not omit giving you a con- drnsed description of our last evening on the island. Wo had been llshtng and exploring and romping Die whole day. and as teu-Drne approached wo wor-s all prvxty well tired out. as you may imag ine. The grits were rosy and ruddy from physical excitement, and even the doc tor hud thrown aside for a little the pen sive melancholy which envelopes him like a sonitne fluid, Our final meal on this little patch of peaceful soil w.ik partaken of Just aa the sun was dlsappeurlng below the horizon like a balloon of burning gold. The mellow twilight of Old England are absent In this part of the globe, but there are some magnificent sunsets giv en us by way of compensation, and this was one of them. The day had been hot and oppressive, hut as evening ap- proacitcd a soft, cool breeze sprang up from the south, tempering the air to d delicious freshness. At 7 o'clock the rugged scones of nature m ound us were nt their faip«st and best. The western sky was painted and streaked with rainbow hues, and the vast mountain peaks, ruddy and aglow, cast their ghuit shadows on land and lake. It whs a fairy nccno. We all of un remained, silent and spell-bound, soak ing In at every pore the wondrous view and iwrmitting our imaginations to room wild and unbridled, until practical Mr Smith broke tho sensuous trance by suddenly exclaiming, "Well, what about supper? I'm as hungry as a hawk !" This brought us all to our senses, for, singular oh It may sound, day-dreaming Increases, rather than decreases, the ap petite, which may account for those sweetly- sighing nnd Marlo-Corclll resid ing maidens of society manifesting such astonishing. quickness of limb' at Dig beating of tho dlnnor-gong. Tho two girls had thoughtfully Invited the her mit and his saintly-looking little wife and child to spend the evening with its. And they were there; dressed In their best, looking radiantly happy, and tho very pictures of quiet contentment. To convoy an Idea of the jollity and anarchic-like frolic of our "last supper" is beyond me; sufllce it to say that It passed ofT with considerable eclat, as ; the fashionable papont say when they want to "write grand," and to show how very Inferior the foreign word Is to the more common English synonym, "splen dour." After supper the sweet-toned violin wan uncased, anj! Muriel charmed us with the soulful tnuslc of " Norma" and "Faust." It is not u fair sign of man's degeneration, Viola that these and similar heaven-inspired productions are thrown aside to make room for the Inane and vilely-composed "comic opera," which does not contain music at all, but merely Its froth and efferves cence. The populace wem to have lost all weight and mental solidity, and nothing Interests them now but a black ened face and a sky-kick. The doctor optimistically asserts that this 'is only a trick of circumstance, and that In a few years tho people will return to that literature, simplicity and music that were the glory of our ancestors. The sooner the better, echo I, for a few more generations of living and thinking as we aro now doing would emasculate the Western races. "Rapid progression" Is sometimes, quick and fatal retrogression, ending In national disaster and wholesale scattering of the people. But away with this carping criticism; Every fool can criticise and condemn, but only one of ten thousand can dis passionately point out social errors and scientifically reform them. Dr. Wcnthorloy.'I believe, lo the unit, aud I one of the ten thousand. I will, therefore, stand aside awhile, and let liim speak a Utile for himself. "Will you favor us, Muriel, with tho 'Lost Chord?'" he asked In a mys terious kind of way. as if he wanted that particular hymn played to Illus trate some point or philosophical truth. Muriel assented, and again bent to her task, executing that popular air with exquisite taste. "Really, a fine solemn piece of music!" exclaimed Mr Smith. "Splendid!" yawned Arthur, as he indolently fused a fresh cigar. "Your opinion, doctor," said I. "Well, I regard it as being very little above the orthodox hymn or music hall bal lad," responded he. "And yet It is said that Sir Arthur Sutlivnu made Llfi.OOO hy it," again yawned Arthur. "And It Is there where tho whole mis chief conies In," quickly exclaimed the doctor. "Men are encouraged to ac quire riches by chance, Instead of by labor and merit, and a transparently false aristocracy Is thereby created. "How much would that ballad bring If sold to a publisher by an unknown author?" continued he. "Certainly, not morn than ton pounds. Much grander productions have been sold for a bottle of wine, nnd both Schumann and Goethe composed songs for a sovereign, and It Is said that Roger Dc Lisle got a few paltry coino only for his imperlsh- ablo Hymn of Liberty. But, admit ting that the 'Lost Chord' Is worth ten pounds ('llamlet' was sold for Lift), Its composer bus received L1.r',Q00; that is, lie has received ten pounds for hit) labor and talent, and fourteen thous and nine hundred and ninety pounds for nothing. And there you have the sec ret of great riches and great poverty In a nutshell. Vast sums of money that should naturally flow Into the coffers of the Htate nnd he spent In extinguishing poverty and henutlfylng the nation, now flow Into the capacious pockets of an individual, Instantly changing him from one of Die honest multitude Into one of the dishonest money-suckers of the multitude." "I cannot follow that reasoning," I exclaimed. "I have always thought that the value of a thing was in propor tion to the public demand for it." "A false system! Absolutely nnd perniciously false! founded on Hatanic error nnd destructive of all falrnosa and equity among men," hotly responded Iho doctor, "and, moreover, It Id a system that annuls genius," ho added. "Annuls genius?" I enquired. "Why, how can Die money prizes that fall to a talented man's lot nmiu! his genius?" "By taking away the Incentive to work," answered he. "This Sir Arthur, for Instance, had ho been spurred on by the whip of poverty, might have pro duced a few sheets of music to rank with the Immortals; but he has been crippled by Wealth, and shamefully Rhacklcd by a title, and it requires no Cassandra prophet to forecast the early fate of every crotchet and quaver bo has penned. It Is almost certain that In less than fifty years both composer and music will bo clouded In eternal ob livion, when tho names of Handel,' Mozart, Rossini, and even Verdi, will blaze and burn like meteors. "What, would you keep tho poor, struggling Imp of an author always poor?" indignantly drawled Arthur, with some show of Interest. "Men of genius ought always to be kept moderately poor," responded tho doctor. . "Give them riches, and they become lazy and ambltlonless, like an over-fed houso dog, that grows too fat to hark. They should bo fed with fame, never With 'money. Money has killed many a great man, but has never creat ed one." "Thank the fates, I'm not a genius, then," sold Arthur. "I vote for medio crity with hard cosh, Instead of glory with a concave belly and a starved purse." "Money-fever has infected the people," continued the doctor, ignor ing the Interjection of his son, "and the present age Is dead against every kind of talent thut docs not breed money— that does not give more power to the powerful and more wealth to the already oVer-lnllated. lure literature Is extinct. Poetry r&btd;, und moral philosophy, metaphysics and specula tions ou the unseen are at! dead. Tho majority now live Just for tbo nuke of enjoying a snlaclous and animulizcd existence. Wisdom has given place to Yankee ftmnrtneos; und the real know- lodge that comes by introspection Is superseded hy the fa!s« knowledge born of the present day religion, "How to get somebody else's money quickly and safely." "Is this a lecture?" whispered Mary to me, and I squeezed her soft little dexter palm, as a hint that she was to be still. "If Shakespeare or Milton hod lived in this age." continued the doctor. In a soft, earnest tone, "they would probably have been regarded as literary cranks and social failures. Juot Imagine the 'Bard of Avon' taking Ms 'Hr.mlet' or 'Ctesar1 to a modern theatri cal caterer, nnd Imagine If you can the contempt with which that potentate would regnrd both author anil play. II is doubtful If there live a stage-manager anywhere who would read through 'Humid' if presented by an unknown author. There Is a story of this tragedy, under another nnme, being taken to a certain latter-day manager, who had heard of 'Hamlet,' but had never read it or seen It performed. He ginnced over Die opening scenes, and ex- clnlmed In nngcr: 'Whut's all this rot about a ghost walking on' a brick wall in Denmark ? D— Denmark! And this blank verse twaddle about a here after. Pah I The writer's crazy, and the play's constructed by a superstitious hybrid priest.' " "It. lu well nigh cer tain," continued the doctor, "that If Ehukcspeare lived now he would wander disconsolate and neglected through life, and would end his days In a garret or a parish tramp wurd. He happened to live in a grand literary age, the greatest since that of Socrates and Plato, and hence his transcendent and unparalleled genius took Arm root, and burst Into those sweet blossoms that will perfume the world for centuries." Here Die sweet voice of Muriel piped in with the question: "Can anyone tell nie what is perfect music?" "Yes,, I can," simpered Mary.poutlng her under Hp; "music is the soft whisperings of the Goddess of Love." "Oh, don't!" grinned Mr Smith, putting his Angers be fore his face, and trying to look bash ful; "please don't!" "Come, pa," uttered the sweet voice again, "you tell us how we may distin guish music that is natural from music that Is not music." The dear girl was getting a little mixed. "It is very simple," smilingly said the doctor. "Play a composition be fore an audience of two— one, a wild, un lettered savage, and the other a clvlllrod nnd cultured man. If It produces the same sensation In both, it is true muslo —the measured sounds that sigh through every unit-soul and every solar system— but, if It pleases one and displeases Die other, it is not perfect music, although ft may be good music. Perfect music everywhere Inspires the same sensation, for 'One touch of Nature makes the whole world kin.' The 'Dead March In Saul,' properly played, will subdue Die minds of all men, be they white, black, ar red. It Arcs up tho same feeling in every heart, because It Is Immortal harmony." But I fancy, dear Viola, I can hear you poutlngly murmur: "What i9 all this to do with love ? Why. don't you pour out your Jieart to me. and, instead of dry, abstract reasoning, send me pages of romance, 'as you promised, and vows that glow with eternal adoration ?" O, bear with me a little, my honey; you know I like to reveal the doctor's Inner nature to you. He Is so wondrously dif ferent to other men, and holds such unique views. 1 have yet hardly intro duced him to you. but 1 promise. If you are patient, to lay his wild and tender heart before yott, and you shall learn of things not taught In schools, and of things more absorbing than romance, And I have discovered, too, a remark able mystery in connection with one of Ills lovely daughters, and of this you shall also hour If you will only be patient. Meanwhile, remember o Viola, that underneath every thought i express, every act I do, rolls an ocean of pure love for yon. Your sweet Image Is never absent; It haunts me like a ravish ing remembrance. I love you. my Bri tish belle, with the robust and healthy passion of heroic Hector, and not with the tainted desire of a perfumed Paris. Although cruel Neptune parts us with his giant nrms and his twelve thousand miles of restless billows play pitch and toss between us, we arc not separated, for our souls hy amorous faith are Inter mingled and fused Into one soul. Do you not remember my lust glorious even ing with you in the fragrant garden of your hop-Bcented Kent ? How charm ing you looked, with Die fresh- plucked violets In your dress and the ripe cher ries hanging from your ears, You were always a romp. We sat together that night on the sloping bank of the stream, and vowed eternal love. The stars danced in the heavens; Venus herself winked kindly at us from the sky; and ttie moon's full glory irradiated the fields with silvered ether. Did I not tell you that Romeo's love was the lave that fired me to ecstasy, and to the Joys that only the exalted feel ? Did i not swear that that love wtut ns Imperishable and eternal as the Creator and Giver of ail love; and did I not vow to reverence your very name, nnd to Imprint your divine sem blance on my heart for ever ? i did, and I have done all this, und more. i have, by the singular power of my Imagination, placed you in the indes tructible army of the eternals— those beautiful, unseen spirits thut haunt tho world— nnd In that aerial form i men tally worship you. Doubt me not, niy adored! Let not jealous th'oughtB of lite doctor's lovely daughters creep Into your mind. Oh, I swear I love but you alone; I love,'\pot with the tarnished love of the society clown nnd the gilded cipher, but with the love of a man whose soul towers above the Himalayas, and whose mind prances among the stars. i am yours, body and soul, and you ore mino, body and soul. I would not cum ber the earth without you; I reject lm« mortality If not shared with you. You are my Immortality; you are the rare fied and divine essence, which, mingling with my own Inferior dross, purifies ma and exalts me to tho heavens. There, my love! Now that that little sincere burst of passion Is over. i will In my next come strictly back to busi ness, and will tell you something of that mystery i referred to above. But i exact strtct secrecy, and demand that you keep a cool head, for that mystery touches me also. . (Continued.) 