TWO OLD FOGIES A Short Story by the Australian Authoress, ADA CAMBRIDGE. Published by tpeeial arrangement mOi Utssrt. (Vard, Lock if Co., Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS SESEBVZB.] CHAPTER III. And the old man and the old maid had no luck at a-11. On. Prince of Walee* birthday it eimply rained in torrents from morning till night, without stopping ones. The flag on the church tower clung like a vat dish-cloth to the staff, from the time it was ran up—at what should have been iunrise—until it was taken down at dusk. And at dusk the town crier went round with biB bell, and announced that the display of fireworks was postponed to a future Sate. It would have been something to hare a little tea-party at the parsonage, without the fireworks and the tower. But it was too wet even for that. The old man ma depressed and dyspeptic, and the old. maid went to bed at nine o'clock and cried herself to sleep, though sutsh old fogies irere certainly old enongh to have known better. But at last it all came right. The town was not to be defrauded of its holiday, and Tuesday, the 15th, was appointed, by advertisement in th - local papers, ae the day when shops would close, sports be celebrated in the public park, fireworks let oS and torchlight procession take place, all as they wonld have done on the 9th had waather been favourable. And Tuesday ires just as perfect a day for the .purpose as the previous Wednesday had been the reverse. Mr Paine sent a note to aunt before he had his breakfast. "DEAB MI68 BANBOUS,— " Will yon and your young people give ns the pleasure of your company to tea tonight f The weather does seem settled at last, and it will be pleasant on the church tower, if you think you can manage the aseent. I am told the fireworks are to be very fine. With our united kindest regards, " Yours very sincerely, Aunt hastened to return an answer—by: Eve as she went to school. DEAB ME. PAINE,— " Thank you very much for your kind invitation. Tell dear that we shall be delighted to come. We are quite looking forward to our little excursion up the tower, especially in such beautiful weather. I shall be able to get up quite well, I am sore. I have always been fond of. fireworks, and it will be BO nioe to Bee rockete go up withont cricking one's neck. " Believe me, dear Mr Biuns, most truly: The recipient of this note spread it on ; the breakfast-table beside bis plate of egg; and bacon, and read it again and again, as if it were some chaice bit of literature. " How would it be," he suggested diffi-. dently, "to ask one of Eve's schoolgirl friends? She is so much younger than the rest of us. She might be dnll withont a companion of her own age to talk to." "A good idea," said Anna, graciously. "1 will do BO. Then," she thought, "there will be six of us. Father looking after asnt, and Eve having another child to keep her company, Alan and I will have a chanoe to talk over oar affairs. And the table will be balanoed properly." She Bet the table with her own hands at half-past live. There was a nice cold fowl, and a tongue, and a veal pie, and delicious cakes that ehe had made "herself, and a salad, and a dish of strawberries, with cream. She was a sparing housekeeper,as a rule, so that Mr Paine, when he came out «{his room from dressing, was surprised to see so handsome a repast, and his pleasure equalled his surprise. Aunt had not had a meal in the house for years, and he had been anxious lest Anna should think less of aunfe entertainment than of the taping qualities of food in warm weather. It was quite warm weather—foil summer —now, and aunt came at six o'clock, in the prettiest new cr£pon gown, grey, with a puffy vest of white silk, that gave quite a style to her little figure. She bad irongrey hair, which had once been black, and her thin, small face was ivory-white ; but her eyes were dark and brilliant still, with something of the expression of Toby's— very Bweet and earnest, if you took the trouble to notioe them. Her hair was drawn plainly back into a knot of braids behind, as an old woman's hair should be; bat she had pinned a red rose into the lace at her neck, which was an anachronism, a false note, to Anna's mind. " I think, Miss Ransom e," said that prudent young lady, "you would have been better advised to put ou an old gown to-night. The tower is a dusty, cobwebby place, and you will spoil that pretty new one." " Oh, no," said aunt, carelessly, patting her hair before the glass in the spare bedroom. " It won't hurt" " Ton had better let me lend you an old one of mine." Aunt would not hear of such a thing. She was like poor father, who thought nothing of tearing a good casaock on a nail. They went into the drawing-room, which was profusely decked with rosea, and almost immediately into the dining-room, which was similarly adorned, several vases of them standing about in the interstices of the well-filled table. Alan, with a bud in his button-hole, eat by his hostess, and aunt at Mr Paine's right band. The two •old folks beamed as they settled themselves in their .chairs and opened their napkins, but the four young ones were too occupied with their own interests to notice it.. The Fret^h windows stood wide' to the exquisite light and air; and on the verandah Toby lay at full length on his stomach, with his nose between bis paws, keeping an eve cocked upward in the direction of aunts face. Now and then she threw him a confidential smile, which set bis fringed tail thumping vigorously. ''Son are not eating," remaned the host, breaking off a Utile story if a quarrel in the choir—-aunt was so sympathetic and understanding about these things—-to note the condition <of ber liver wing. ^ " Oh, I am getting on' beautifully! It is a delicious fowl—I am enjoying it so much," she assured him; ana urged him on with his absorbing narrative. "But the fact was she had the Tory least sore throat, which somehow seemed to have taVwn away her appetite. No one, of course, w»s allowed to suBpeot this. ' " "And so 1 went.to the girl,andtold her I was sure Miss Lomajc bad not intended to insult her, and begged her to take the solo, since there was w> one else able to sing it; and I had a talk »rith MissJ/OPMI to try and persuade her to explain. But they would neither of thembstento Bach said she would mever.<»M »nto toe «hoir again while the otterhetongeWait -So they are both •-—--• —"«»> means that we have not a reliable soprano at all. The others will not open their mouths without -someone to lead them, and Anna cannot do everything." " It is too bad," said aunt warmly, "that yon should be worried with those petty squabbles, when you have so much else, so many more important things to think of. It is a pity I am not a young girl, with a good treble voice." "Yes—no, no, I don't mean yes. It would be a pity if you were anything but just what you are. Do let me take your plate and give you some pie. Some strawberries, then ? Awnn.( |diss Baosoms's cup is empty." - "I beg your pardon, Miss Bansome," said Anna, with a start. She was forget- ting her duties for the moment in a semiprivate discussion with Alan on the great subject of individual responsibility. The pair of schoolgirls were chattering across the table about'the affairs of their school, their approaching examinations, the holidays, the matric.,and so on. Itwasamost successful tea-party. After tea, it being stall broad daylight, the children eat down to a game of tiddledly-winks, to pass the time until it was dark enough for the fireworks. Tiddledy-winks looks a silly game to those who do not play it, but to those who do it becomes strangely fascinating; so that even after the lamps weretlighted it was difficult to make these players leave off. Anna took Alan for a stroll round the garden, but before she did-so gave proper heed to the question of what was to be done for aunt. "I think, father," she said," that Mies Bansomeoughtnotto go up the tower in the dark, for the first time. If you were to take her now, while it is still daylight, and make her go gently and take plenty of time, she would not bs nearly so nervous. A1—Mr Bansome would see after us." "That is a good idea," cried Mr Paine. "Come, Miss Bansome, we will lead the expedition. What wraps have you ?" Auofs little .mantle was fetched, and declared to be inadequate. Mr Paine insisted on an old furred jacket and woollen hood, provided by his daughter. " It will be chilly up there, though it is so mild now," he said, "and you must be careful of that delicate chest. Put on all the warmth you can cany. Miss Bansome. Be on the safe side." "Perhaps I had better," shesaut sub- mitting meekly to Anna's resolute hands. " I seem to have just a little touch of cold hanging about me from the damp weather." " If 1 had known that," said Man menacingly, "I -wouldn't have allowed you to eome. I've a great mind to forbid your going up." " Dear boy, it is nothing," she answered ina panic, and hastened out before he could say more. Alan was going .to be a doctor, and was beginning to practise on his aunt. She thought it so sweet, of him to take such care of her, and to give her pills and potions when she was not well; but tonight she preferred to be taken care of by Mr Paine. Luckily, Alan desired her room at that moment, and not her company; so he let her go. _ ; Happiness is not the prerogative of youth, whatever the young may .think. jThOBe two old fogies, left to their own devices for three-quarters of an hour, "were perhaps as happy as they had ever been in their lives. When they had shut themselves into the vestry, and-shut out the dutiful children who loved tokeep them in order, they felt young themselves ; and, though they treated each.<ifcher with a delicate respect that is somewhat out of date, the same light wasintheir eyes; the same glow in their hearts^ ;as' had been kindled in those of the gUlahd boy now. walking round the garden^.; ;;.. " This is my new chaWo^-ven,™ said • the parson eagerly, " th^ ilj^ot out from London lastmaiL -Ihayfelbeeuwanfingtb show it to-you.. Is jMA|theSirork perfect ? • W. the illni^^'^lalV^iis^I want you to tell me5^i^;«f!theBe altar cloths you like best, ^ianusfcinaiiage somehow to get a new onet^ore'^extEaeter, and l have such faithinyonrtaste; I am always wishing for yon^o'consult with and decide for me. Ah, U is ;too dark to see properly! Put it in youjweket and look at it when you are byyonrself athotne." ThiB was the sort ofthingtiiey talked about. Trumpery, doubtless," to people who are not old fogies, but heart-satisfy - ing to them. .... The dusk vras gathering last when they, passed down the churchto -thefront porch and the ladders,.and Mr Painebegan to be anxiouB about aunt's .. nerves, and she anxious • to show him ' how intrepid (under certain circumstances) she could be. He reproached .. himself . for not having rigged up certain "appliances to make the ascent easier, and Bhe skipped up the trembling rungs while - he was talking about it, so that hiB heart came into his mouth. Anna would have been scandalised to see an old lady so conducting herself had she been there. They reached the top safely,' but slowly. The rapid twilight had become night by the time they emerged upon the roof, and when aunt was led to the battlement parapet to look out upon the view for. the first time, she cried, "Oh—h—h—h!" in rapture. it was indeed a beautiful picture, well worth the waiting for. There was no rain or mist to spoil it now. The sky was clear of cloud, full of its own deep Australian night color, and thick with stars. "lake waves along the horizon rolled the forestcovered ranges, all distinct in the transparent air i shadows of velvet, with here and there a house-light, like a diamond twinkling oat of them. The town beneathlay suffused in Bembrandtish glows from lamps, seen and unseen, and red torches beginning to flare under the .new-leafed; English trees. The. atmosphere was pure and fine to an intoxicating degree, for no factory chimney; no coal smoke.no mud, no dust, no anything that was unclean, defiled it; it was "the atmosphere of the hills and of an early summer night -washed in plenteous spring rains aiid perfumed with the wholesome breath of gum trees and flowers. In short, perfect. Aunt sighed a long sigh once or twice in silence. When she spoke there "were tears in her voice. - "This makes one feel," she said—and stopped, unable to expreBB herself. " - Yes," said her companion, softly. The torches were all lit, and glowed redly down the street like .an invisible honse burning. Out of the glare the clock-tawer of the post-office rose, pallid and unsubstantial, into the upper darkness, like something in a lime- lighted transformation scene. Little foreshortened figures, mere ants upon the ground, were moving hither and thither—members of the fire-brigade, in their smart uniforms, arranging the torchlight procession. "I must call the children," Baid Mr ^Hewent to the trap-door and listened ; then he went to the parapet overlooking hiB own house and grounds, and signalled with a gentle'"cooee" over the tree-tops. Presently the young ones, heralded by the lantern, which was extinguished , w sooa as possible, came scrambling up, laughing and calling to «ne another j and asthe last one—Eve-r-put her head outof the hole, wkish-^—rt-^the first rocket shot into the sky,burst withalittle hollow noise like a boosting pea-pod, and rained down its enchanting stars. . • . "Those rocketB," said Eve to her companion, " cost five shillings apiece." "I think it a wicked waste of money, said Anna. _-.•-••• • -.• "Inihese had times, too/' said Alan, sympathetically. „ . - Bnt aflnt jrhispered to Hie /grey man beside her. that she simply loved to look at them; and he Baid, so (Jid he, - The procession was formed, and began its march round the streets!, to the starring music of the town Jand. They couldnot see it for «.}ong time, but saw where it was bvthe illumination of the trees above it as roofs and roads, and, like great chords in a merry tune, another and another of those soaring big ones, which would have beckoned the souls of spectators like aunt •to the infinities they seemed to pieroe if Eve had not persisted in stating how much they cost. At last it came flaring and blunging into the street beside the church, along by the tree-walled church garden, and round the corner, and past the gate; and just in front of the tower it halted, spread, re-formed, and lit itself up in the most o-wiamng blood-red flame—a wizard light, celestial or infernal, anything but earthly, transfiguring the world, " just as if Biela's comet had run into ns," Eve Bansome said. The grey-white granite of the tower wall blushed crimson as a rose, and the faces on the top of it were the faces of angels or ghosts. The church trees glittered, leaf by leaf, like the jewelled trees of fairyland. \- "I would not," said aunt, in a low tone of rapture, "have missed this for anything!" "I am so glad," said Mr Paine, earnestly, " so devotedly glad that it is a fine night. I did so want you to enjoy it." Then the red light died out, and the cool, clear, blue darkness came back, with all the quiet hills lying -out in it. The procession marched back into the town, with its Idliputian rabble after it, and worked its magic in other streets. Four more great rockets—another pound, as Bomebody remarked—leaped, hissing, into the empyrean, and dropped each its handful of colored stars in space. Then all was atill, the church tower was left alone, and the night suddenly began to feel cold. . " Its over," said Eve, jumping up from where she lay on the Sat of her back along the sloping leads. " Polly, let*s go down and have another game of tiddledy-winks." CHAPTEB IL _ Next morning aunt awoke with a very sore throat. But a maiden aunt is not privileged to be ill on account of so ordinary a complaint as that, and she got up and dressed and pursued the trivial round and common task as usual. First Bhe went into her nephew^s room, picked his slimy sponge out of his soapy hand-basin, and his towel—very wet—from the floor, where he had flung it, on top of hiB pyjama trousers. Also she removed his hair-brash, which he had plunged into the ewer before using, from the book—the good, new medical book—on which he had left it, face downwardB, to drain. Though she had brought him up, she had never been able to make him keep his things tidy—nor Eve either. She, too, liked to, throw her night-gown on the floor, and anything wet that might be handy upon it, or upon the bed. She would never hang up frock or jacket by its loops, nor upon a knobbed hook if there happened to be a sharp-ended one available. She would never wear her "sets" in rotation, but always took the - garment that came first out of the drawer; and Bhe forgot to change her things on the right days, and to put theih into the wash when they were changed. Also, she never brushed her teeth when she could help it, nor thought it necessary to do more to her hair than have it superficially smooth for meal- times. Aunt did not blame them, for they had had a slatternly mother. She just did their tidying for them. This, of course, was worrying work at times, and worry tells upon you when you are not welL Today, somehow, she did not feel as if she could stand too much of it. Going into her niece's room, before descending to breakfast, she found Eve dressed in the white frock she had taken off last night—by no means a frock to go to morning school in. She was ordered at once to change it. _ " It's cool," said Eve mutinouly," and all my others are hot ones. Besides, if s dirtied™ It, going up that tower." It Scarcely soiled at all," said aunt, and egl last some time for afternoons. Take itHS my dear, when I tell you." Eve pulled it off tempestuously, dashing about the room. She had a writing-table : of her own—a birthday present from aunt —and on it stood the travelling ink bottle, which she persisted in using rather than the solid vessel that had been provided for her. The two halves of the travelling inkbottle were nearly equally heavy, and she mostly left it open. It was open now, and as she ill-temperedly flung herself about she knocked it over, and the ink streamed across the pretty table-cloth. She hastened to mop it up with one of her b st cambric pocket-handkerchiefs. " Oh, Eve! Eve!" wailed aunt. " When limit I teach you Bense ?" " Tm awfully sorry—I didn't mean to do it," pleaded Eve. " Dont be cross, there's an old dear. Ifs all right now. And I'll int my old frock on, though it i» such a "iearfully hot day.' "I will try to get your new print finished, darling," said aunt, appeased. Eve took off the too-smart white dress, and stood in the colored petticoat which had been showing through. On the breast of the petticoat was a large, dark patch. Aunt saw it, and touched it j it was sopping wet. "Well, aunt,there was a slug got upstairs and crawled over my clothes in the night. I only paw the slimy mark where it had been after I had put on my petticoat, and I just took a sponge and cleaned it. Child, take it off directly—take everything off. You will catch your death 1" "I can't, aunt dear. I havent got another petticoat. Ifs in the soiledclothes basket. I forgot to put it in the wash. And the other one is slit all down thefront." . , . " Give it to me to mend," said aunt, in a voice of despair. .... . . The troubles of the day oama thick and iast, and before noon the little woman broke down under them. Alan, hunting for biscuits to stay his stomach until dinner-time, found her ciying in.the pantry, where she was trying to fill a glasB jug from an empty filter. " Hullo, old woman, whafs the matter ? he cried, affectionately concerned. _ "Did you ever see such a minx as Sarah f" moaned aunt bitterly. " You would think Bhe did it on purpose. Empty again—and in this weather! And I have just found the big kettle cracked right across the bottom! She left it to go <lry on the fire, and when it was red-hot poured cold'water into it." . Anht dropped her head on her nephew's stalwart arm, and sobbed aloud. He put the arm round her. " Here, you are not going to cry about a rubbishy thing'like that, surely P Give me that jug —ril fill it at the bank filter. Why, you're all of a tremble! And how hot your hand is!" He grasped the little hand, and laid his large, cool fingers on the- fiurried pulse. "Aunt, you're ill— thafs whafs the matter with yon—not kettleB Snd filters. Come along and sit down and tell me how you feel. Ifs that •/tower business, I expect. I just thought you'd catch cold, exposed so long to the night air. " I had it before, darling. I could-not have •Caught it there, wrapped up ss I'was -so well taken care of." :fle took her to the family fitting-room, andlhere loofced at her tongue, listened to herlireathing—which was deoide&ly; heavy —and'put A clinical jhermometer into.her mouth. Temperature 101°'. ' «• dttgO HtraSght off to bed, old . lady, be Baid sternly. "Thafs the place for J 0 «I cah*t,dear boy. I must get Eve's print frock finished- Now that the weather has turned hot, she has nothing to weax:" ' v " > • - ' "Off to bed**jhe zepeated. with the inflexible -air of;>the professional adviser. • f you -dont go of your own aooord, I: ihall tall'the vernor to make you. I shall send jor a doctor whom you won t like hslf as well as yon do me." Aunt went to bed, and Eve jut on a ™ultice-^a «reBt hurry—before going to afternoon «2iool, and Alan administered fidoseiromijboWe he had procured at anything more about her until tea-time. The boy went to the dub tennis-ground, and the girl, on her return from school, practised exercises on the piano. Annt, propping herself on pillows, and with her work-basket beside ber, sewed at the print frock all the afternoon, and finished it. She was accustomed to a cup of tea at four o'clock, and to-day pined for it desperately, choked with the scorching thirst of a fever now at 103°. She heard the rattle of the tray as Sarah carried it to the sitting-room, and trembled with suspense as Eve strummed on and on, regardless of its arrival. After five minutes' waiting, aunt called aloud; she waited, weeping a little, and called again; but Bhe was too far off for her voice to be heard, and she had no bell. At last, in desperation, she got out of bed and went down the passage in her nightgown—a thing strictly forbidden by her medical man. Eve heard her then, and came flying to scold her for disobeying Alan's orders. " Youb&d; old woman! Whafs the use of doctoring you, when you undo it all like this?" " I want my tea, love; and I want it hot," said-poor aunt. " All right. I thought you were asleep. Get to bed, and HI bring it to you." Aunt retreated to her room, and Eve brought the tea. But now it was tepid and nasty, the milk a brown scum upon the top—no comfort at all. However, aunt bore the disappointment, rather than trouble Sarah and Eve to make a fresh cop, since they did not volunteer to do so. She drank the wretched stuff, while her niece eagerly turned about the print frock and urged her to finish it if she could, so that it might be put on in the morning. When the girl had gone, having been called for to take a walk with a school friend, the little hot hands sewed on desperately until their job was done. Then aunt got out of bed again to put away her work-basket, lest Alan should -suspect what Bhe had been doing and scold her; and, returning, lay down in the pensive dusk to realise how solitary she was, and how much more ill she felt than she had done in the morning. " Oh, how happy they are that have their own dear husbands to take care of them!" she thought, with her handkerchief at her fevered eyes. However, she was not without some one to care for her. In the evening, when the family were ^"Hig merry with a casual guest over a game of cards, and Sarah was talking to her young man at the yard door, a shrinking, slinking form came gliding i through the passages and up the stairs and straight into the darkened room. Toby seemed to have foreboded that aunt was ill, and felt impelled to come and see, the reason of which unusual solicitude on the part of a dog for a person not belonging to iis own household being due to his instinctive knowledge that she ought to have belonged to it, and virtually did so. He laid his damp nose on the edge of the mattress and whimpered under his breath, begging her to. reassure him. Then, after standing still for a long time, while she embraced his head and let him lick her face as much as he liked, he stealthily climbed upon the bed and stretched himself at full length beside her. He was full of fleas, but Bhe did not mind that now. They lay there together in silent sympathy until Mr Bansome, learning that his sister was not well, came to ask her how she felt, on his way to bed. Then Toby was kicked downstairs and was bundled out into the street. All next day Mr Paine kept audibly, wondering what on earth was the matter with that dog. Toby left the house, and came back, whining and restless; left it again, and returned in the same perturbed condition, as if vainly looking for something. What is it, old dog? What is it, then?" he demanded cheerily, slapping Toby's sides. Toby yapped, jumped with all his feet at ^ once and made little irons to the door. - Do you want me to take you for a walk, old fellow ? Very well, let us go for a walk." Mr Paine went to get his hat and stick, and Toby -shrieked with eagerness. So the object of his desire seemed understood. The parson, who was an inveterate gossip, stopped a few parishioners in. the street; then he remembered that he had something to -say to his treasurer about a Church meeting, and called at Mr Bansome's bank. The manager was at home, but seemed less interested in Church matters than usual. " I hope," said Mr Paine, " that your family are all well." "Thank you," said Mr Bansome, "they are, with the exception of my sister, who has managed to pick up a nasty sort of feverish cold." am sorry for that. She is not seriously indiBposed, I trust ?" " I trust not," said Mr Bansome. " For the house all seems to go to pieces when she is laid up. He said no more, and Mr Paine, feeling that he was not wanted particularly, got up to go. " Here, Toby! Toby!" he called. Where is that dog of mine off to ?" "I daresay he is in my sister's room," said the banker, with wonderful toleration, for he had been heard to threaten that he would shoot Toby some day, " You might leave him, if you don't mind. It amuses her to have him." C.irtainly; w said Mr Paine, "if he is not a nuisance. Give her my kind regards, and tell her I hope she will soon be herself again." That evening, when he was in his study, looking up a subject for Sunday's sermon, Toby came and clawed at the door, and whined more urgently th&n;'ever. " He can't want a walk now," thought the parson, annoyed by the disturbance; " and if he goes on like this, he will have to be punished.* Quiet, sir.'" he thundered. Then Toby gave np asking him to come and help poor aunt in her extremity, and went back to do what he could for her by him- Belf. He found the bank shut up, and lay on its street doorstep till morning. In the morning the town rang with the news that aunt was in a critical state with inflammation of the lungs. The veriest nobody becomes a somebody under these circumstances. Mr Paine, breskfastless, was rushing off to make enquiries, when a note was put into his hand. "DEAR ME PAINE,— Mr poor aunt has had a very bad night, and the doctor seems to consider her case a serious one. Father thinks it would be a comfort to her to see a clergyman, so will you kindly come round today, if quite convenient ? They are trying to get her to Bleep now, so perhaps you had better not call until after dinner. " Yours sinoerely, Mr Paine called four times, but it was not until late in the afternoon that he was let in, tbongh his daughter had been assistant nurse all day. It was Anna who withheld, and then gave permission to admit him, and who gravely escorted him to aunt's room. " She is a little better now," said the young clergywoman, in her busineBs-like way. " but it will not last. You had better Urge her jto take the sacrament while she can. 1 suggested it.for this^iftemoon, and that we should ^oin, but she-seems to wish to see you alone first. l am afraid she does not realise how short her time is likely to be/'"-' *: * - . The clergyman, leaying -pehind him his prayer-bock for the eick, and all concern 'for the viaticum to -which Anna attached so mnoh importance, crept into aunt's Tooni. What a change. in three days, from that happy, happy night! "She. had just .rallied from a sort of half-drowned state, ioiit of seas of stupefying pun and narcotic insehsibility. and she smiled at him wistfully with her heavy, dark eyes. JJut death Ws in her face. He saw it the .moment he looked at her,and: she knew that he saw it \- *:-"• He sat down in the chair by the"bed—on. the far side of her lay Toby, looking from, one-to the other with solemn satisfaction —ana he took her poor feand in hiB.ani wept over it and kissed it. It was the first lover's kiss that aunt had ever had. "Lock the door,"she whispered, panting. He stumbled across the room, blind with tears, and turned the key in the lock. Going back to her, he dropped on hiB knees, put one arm under the pillow and the other over her laboring little breast, and kissed her again—on the lips this time. She kissed him back, moaning, with Bhut eyes, holding him to her as well as she could with hands so fast losing their power to hold anything. Toby gently stretched forward from where he lay beside them, and licked the two grey heads. " I have chosen the altar-cloth," gasped aunt when Bhe was able, to speak. " Number tifty-two—the Latin cross—with the three stars—on the super-frontal—in Bilk velvet—the best " " Oh, my dear," he groaned, " don't mind those trifles now!" " yes. You must get it—for Easter. I want a lawyer—to come and make a codicil. I want to leave—the money to buy it —number fifty-two. Then—when you go —into the church—and see it—you will remember me." " Oh, my God! As if I shall need anything to remember you by'." A bursting sob broke from him, hushed down quickly, lest the people in the house should hear. Aunfs face screwed up for a moment, and two tears rolled down. Toby rose to his feet in alarm, and sniffed and whined. Don't—darling]" breathed aunt. "Oh, I never knew—I never thought—that you cared like that!" " Didn't you? You must have known. But the children, dear—the children " "They would never have allowed it," Bighed aunt. I might have had you all this time to take care of, to nurse " And I could have been such a comfort to you—William —" Elizabeth! Oh, what a different life! What a home " But the children—wouldn't let UB. They would have said—we were mad. They would never—never have allowed it. William." And now—now we have' lost the chance!" Yes -no, not quite. This has been— our chance. Ki6s me, William. Oh, William ! I never thought—to call you Wil- liam—to have you kiss me—William——" "Oh, Elizabeth! Elizabeth!" Toby whined again, begging them to command themselves. But they could not. Anna looked at the clock in the sittingroom about this time. " Father must have finished his prayers and reading by now," she said. " 1 must take her some nourishment." She took it, and firmly administered it. Mr Paine witnessed the operation in mute anguish, hovering between the bed and the door, while the patient did her best to show him that she could swallow still. Then he was ordered to go home and do his sermon. For it was Friday night. On Sunday night she died, while he was preaching a sermon that was several years old. And, of course, he had not been allowed to nurse her in her last hours, though Toby was privileged to stay by her nearly all the time. Toby would have been turned out often, but whenever he saw a chance of that happening he got under the bed, and so evaded notice. He also learned that he must not open his mouth, though his heart should burst with grief; so he lay and watched in passive patience, or with pricked ears and quivering nose, until his friend ceased to see he was there, ceased to respond to his surreptitious licks, ceased to be visible to his yearning eyes. Then he did lament most dismally. They overlooked him, lying under the bed, when they left her in a long box with" a sheet over it, hidden in a nest of cut paper frills; and the noise he made gave Sarah such a turn that she declared she durs'n't sleep in the house till the corpse was out of it. A corpse that a dog howled over in that fashion was something out of nature, -she said. They tied Toby up with a strong chain all Monday, so that he might not disturb the funeral. The weather changed on Monday—in that sudden way that is peculiar to_ Australian weather—from summer to winter, in a night. And the hundreds of mourners that " followed," in cabs and buggies, and on horseback and on toot, after the kindly Australian custom, felt an unusual grey dreariness in the familiar' function, and were glad to get it over and get back to the warm precincts of home and the publichouse. By four o'clock—twenty hours from the time when she had belonged to the living world—poor aunt was in her ;rave, with the raw -earth heaped above ler; and the gates of the cemetery were shut, and not a soul within them. But one came back. Mr.f aine, having gone through the ordeal of getting his tea, could no longer endure the proximity of his daughter, with her untimely questions and. advice. On a pretext of parochial business, he went out while it was still daylight, and took Toby off the chain to go with him. The dog sprang forward, wagging an expectant tail, as if there were still hopes that aunt might be somewhere whence she could be brought back. But when he stood beside her grave, and saw how his master looked at it, he seemed to understand what had been done that day, though he had not been to the funeral. He lifted up his nose and howled on a long note; then he fell upon the new- made mound, and began to rake away the earth with hiB fore-paws. ^ No use, Toby!" said his weeping master.' And he stopped the dog's proceedings, replacing the scattered mould with his hands, and patting it smooth. Dogs were not allowed in the cemetery, by order of the trustees, but the print of Toby's body was discernible upon Jhat mound as long as the soil was loose enough to take it. The caretaker laid wait with his gun for the desecrating beast, until the matter was.explained to him. Then he and the trustees gave Toby the freedom of the city—that city of the dead. The Bansomes wanted to buy him, for aunfs sake, and the enticements of pats and bones were offered from many other quarters. But a dog like Toby is not to be bought, though men and women are. He stuck to his fellow-mourner, making more of him than he had ever done, seeing a new need for his devotion — a double need. The parish did not see it, but Toby saw it —the change that the 20th of November had worked in William Paine. The children might call liim an old man now, for he was an old man. But he had not been old before. [THE END.] " WO-LIAH PAINE." " ELIZABETH IUNSOMB." ..'• " EVE BANSOME." 