African Tragedy. <Jommi6sioner Howard wiH rqgion of swamp and tetween the British Colony il! i Tii"ii'PiAil Chast And the Kinedom of tiie name of the White flG|JftaS|tL Hie territory lay west of the lMflny 1 Volta' Eiver, and them he jlferedmnch from heat and ferer, did -to pnt down oansibaliBm and Hf||piuA Caiifio«, whioh things are by no HMneanB -nnoommon in that land ; and HSdmlhietered iaBUoe to many thousands ®JMked '" bishmen," over whom he of life end death. HjjSlOiM itiflihg December day he eat in HKelude luill heneetii the residency ; Ins Httionse,'like moet others in that nnhealthy Hmibh, wvi raised on piles to escape the ml >f#e miasma, for if a white man Sderns imon the ground level in West ip&nba; -tie generally dies swiftly and HJiMnafimmanos shot out the fierce HMnnlare hut not the heat, and the air Bt Entered the room Was like the breath Hiilarnace and fool with the odours of HWeht fiver mod and rotting vegeta- fflih iOommifisioner leaned feebly np- SlhliBtisk, for he was weak with ferer, Sljpoaned as he surveyed the lines of uw&oes; before him, all either waiting aidhxrwife-etealing, midnight mnrder, hbrnd rites in hononr of the Jn-Jn I llsir bringing disputes which wonld I nte'Aried the vnsdom of Solomon, for Tgnaid ipf Haossa eoldiera — black frammedatte irith Arab blood in their refnsrtrom the far north— were ranged m?fiie wall, their Sniders in their B oiuu,And presently two more entered B 9eSpen door, leading forward a tall B ro,%andca&ed; between them. Com- B msmmier Howard brnebed away the B npem which littered his desk, for the B pnswer were the crimson fez and the B i&geytiniform; of the Frontier Oon- B imily.and in the swarthy featnroe B AfildiBdy figure he recognised a B Saa who had once served in his own B|t||!jdmfie in peaee," he said, speaking BSpjhlanaint tongne of the north, with BBfiSEaOes of Arab idiom ; "but what is bolongma servrr«&£ MdM'Jbut a ' prisoner who waits hie yaatw1 iw. 4ha steady answer, and flUm'tlpnmiissioher tore open a long blue Bpinrabpiiiuidsread W meepage from his Bio withant jhriediotion held an I WOBt orL the Dahomey frontier, end- 'Shia men incited his comrades ypjia A village nnder French protec- KmSiSKhh ifliBv. did and slew the head- Ihe iFraneh offioeia are ferione ij&mand; satisfaction. I am afraic SinwScnBt tang him. Here follow) torped iowaide thi . (Afrioan term for letter HSSn '"have shed blood when then jiwwpvar, and that yon mnet hang," wgjsharply, and the Hanesa looked aCTtraight in , the eyes as hi f||ilVonIs amirne, hnt there was IwwUmuaii, and iere was once a day nver when we turned gQhanta heathen, and die offioei fSMfiotjfoiget there was also a Hattwierigeant who saved his officer's SI6BSpeefc: on-4t may be there is .'White man. The BMBwBwailiiiB np. and looking mBlimiiiropdlr. replied : "Inn a W«ia»iiiiiBiaihd-ief a.raee of soldtero. mimSh ia reeant in the servioe of Msayfe ?.aeen.'iaa I do not speak -Hie inaked heathen ; also, pder wis given ; the Hanssas BtomKtee'jiiem ; bidding. " Speak now, BMMroOjijjjis. are trne," the swamps, ZBSnfiriit.'faesidee the aU wont well. [?] Omalakn breathing the pestilence upon the pelme." (This is generally believed by coast tribes.) t "Twice a wandering hnshman fired at me, taking me for an evil ghost, bnt thepotleg went wide, and so we met and talked nightly by the lonely ford. Afterwards, I might not psBB the rirer for fear of the Dahomey people who lay in wait to rob the oil-carriers as the canoes went fay, and the girl crossed the ford to the nearest side. "One night she earns, and her voice was thick with sobs, for the headman would not pay the price her father asked, and for fear of him and the 'Jn-Jn' priests the old man gave orders that she should be sent away into the forests ot that land of darkness and black magic, the kingdom of Dahomey, and we ehonld meet no more. Then my heart sank within me, and I was mad with rage, while 1 considered the matter whether I might oerry ber off even then. Bnt the thing might not be, for the villagers wonld make complaint to the white men, and these demanding justice of the Lieutenant ehe mnet be given ap. A man conld reach the far-off Hanssa land on the fringe of the deBert, bnt no woman might pass through the conntry of the dwarfe — (there are a dwarf people abont i feet high dwelling eomewhera north of Gold Coast) — and it was death to venture into the hands of the Da homey chiefs. Bnt I told ber not of my sorrow, bnt cheered her with pleasant words though my heart burned within me, and we walked bene3th the palma until the morning mists lifted at the break of day. "She might come bnt once more." she said, and I ewore by the beard of the Prophet that there shonld be a way of escape, or I wonld slay the headman with my own hand ; and when she croBBod the misty ford the bitterness of death was in my heart. " It eame about that the next night I lay beneath the rustling palms, watching the fireflies glimmer, with the sonnd ef the river filling my ears, bnt my blood was hot like the fire of the pit ; there was a mist before my eyes, and strange fancies flitted before me. The wood devils sighed across the palms, for one may hear them in the forests of the coast, bnt the magic of the heathen may not hart the trae believer, and I clutched the rifle-Btock the tighter and counted the ammunition in my belt — ten rounds — and everyone held n man's life. In each puff of hot wind the evil spirits mocked me as a coward, for had I net sworn to carry the girl off or slay the headman and there was no way it might be done 7 Also, the oath lay heavy on my soul, and I knew that I shonld see the girl no more. " So I lay as one possessed of devils, thinkiug;many evil things, and tearing at the ground, while in the talking of the river I beard the voice of Amalakn, the water god of the heathen, whispering that I should slay her and myself after. Bnt the Sheika of the desert, when they come eonth of the land of the Hanesae, say that El Koran teaches that whoso loseB bis eonl for a woman shall be cast into the fire of the pit, so I shuddered and was afraid. " Slowly the hoars passed, and the girl came not nntil the day broke and the shadows fled before the coming day. Then there was a sonnd of sing ing, and a voice clear as the bells, At OMtemsbeyer3Baa-%«g55r3well8, and sweet as the tinkle of streams in the northern sand, rose above the palms. A voice which stirred my heart called ' Shailla, Shailln,' and, rising to. my feet, I saw my love standing beside the ford. Then she splashed through the Bhallow whore the stream ripples sharply over the send, and presently came towards me aoroBS the misty ford, the yellow waters rippfing from ankle to knee, and knee to waist. I "The clear song swelled across the i river, end there was a smile npon hei face, and brightness in her eyes, as ol i one hearing cheerful tidings. 6ome- i thing rustled in the bash, and I, a forest soldier, ehonld have known the sonnd ; bnt when a man's heart is bound np in a woman he heeds little, and I stood like one stricken into sleep, with my eyes npon her face. " Shailla, Shailla, ehe cried, ' these are tidings,' and my heart trembled with fear, for the wizened 4 Jn-Jn ' man, the priest of the Fetich (devils, stood beside the ford, though the girl eaw him not, and he raised the long flintlock gnu of the heathen, being donbtlees bribed by the headman to destroy me. While I thrust a cartridge into the chamber of the Snider my hands trembled and the breech- block wonld not close, for I saw that the girl stood wondering between. Even as my barrel went np, the gnn flashed, and with a wild scream ehe fell forward into the river, and the yellow water dosed over the face I loved. I dropped the rifle, and springing into the mnddy water, canght the white dress as it floated down stream, and bore her dripping to the bank. \- " For a time she lay in my arms, the ted blood welling from a wound in her breast, and then the heavy lids opened, and her eyes looked long into mine. 48hailln,' she murmured once, and then her head fell forward, and the sonl of my love went from her. " Laying the body down, I seized the Snider, and with her life-blood still warm upon my hands, passed the ford and followed dose npon the trail of the murderer. The 4 Jn-Jn' man had a start, and ran well, for he knew that all the magic of the heathen conld not save him from the fate that followed fast, and the string of charms rattled npon his shrivelled chest as he went. The men of the north ran fast, and heedless of stabbing iliorn or matted creeper, I burst tbrongh the forest, but a Snider ball flies foster still, and the Government cartridge bites hard. Yet he died not when he fell, nor till I had heard enongh to know that the headman had bribed him to slay me ; then the Snider butt crashed his skull, and I threw him to fhe alligatora which fork among the mragrorerootB. : j hat' night, while the Lieutenant iujjhed and talked foolishly, for the hand of the fever wag npon him, I and fohr comrades crossed the silent ford, l&nng; the body of the dead girl WfthjisiyAheeping into the Dahomey jriliageiike ghosts, we emote npon this loBr iolAhe headman's hnt with the fhider|uife. .When he came forth he iawifoeiSuffi- would have fled, though fcwaaaid Strange! limb, hot 1 My naked hands, and wiWSi mik 'wtut -oat beneath niy Pplnara,:«whhe.nnolBan hnraed It himips lAftawflSwlAl£lnri.irith her and the Sniders in onr hands nntil we stood before them. Then I spoke: 'My love is dead. The 'Jn-Jn map slew her. Take the body and bury it after the manner of her own people. The 'Jn-Jn' man is sliun, and the alli gators even now tear him Umb from limb. The headman is dead also, and is burned with fire. Her blood is avenged, and we go in peace.' " Then the old man wept, for ho loved his daughter, though he would hsve sold her in marriage, and be said : "There was a quarrel between us, but that is gone. Go in peace and forget.' " So we came back throngh the night, and when the Lieutenant rose from his sickness I told him the story even ss it happened, hiding nothing, and be made no answer, for he also wsb a soldier. Then the villagers made com plaint to the white offioers of the Da homey coast, and theso clamouring for vengeance, Lieutenant Enright sent me here a prisoner. This is the whole matter, and by the beard of the Prophet the thing is true." Commissioner Howard gnawed his monstaehe for a time in silence, then he raised his head, and the Hanssa met his searching glance nnmoved as he said sternly — " The word of the White Qneen is that the ahedder of blood most die, and and by the law of the Gold Coast you shonld hang ; but there was provoca tion, and yon served the Government well, notably that day by the Kann river. Still, the justice of the white men is the same to all, and I may not set yon free. Listen : It may be that the sentry on guard sleeps at his post, and that the lock of the handcuffs gives way. Snch things have happened, and a strong man armed may traverse the forests of the hinterland. There are also maize, kola nuts, and tobacco in the nn'ooked store. " And now, Sergeant Shailla, I ehall eee your face no more, therefore go in peace." The prisoner raised bis head and hia eyes were bright. "The Hanssa land is a pleasant one," he Baid. " Beyond the fever swamps and the forests of the heathen there is a dry eonatry of rnvtling grass, where is neither fever nor pestilence. There are msny palms and mnch wealth of horse and cattle. The bine smoke of the fire bangs over the villages at enneet, and there is no Btockade. for the Hanssas sre eol tiers' people, and neither the Arabs of the north nor the heathen from the sonth dare cross its boarders. Some dsy the white man will come, and the bearer of this, the token of Amrad Shailla, will find a we'eome there." An amnlet of gold graven in mystic characters, fell npon the desk, and the Commissioner said qnickly, "Go in peace then, raising his voice, called in the gnard, saying, " Take that man away and make him fast." Early next morning one cime running breathless to say that Sbaillu had broken prison and was gone, and a rifle was also missing from the arm-rack. When, a few weeks later, Lieutenant Enright re ceived a letter from the Commissioner ending, "I reget to inform yon that Shailla, yonr prisoner, escaped — he wis evidently a determined ruffian," be ergots' the table so that the glassegjagleS, and there was eatisfactiaBrVir'Jns face. 