THREE WEIRD TUKES. ADVEN- They were talking about t< rrible tilings. 'They were all young men, and one of them bad just finished a story of a man wlio had been scared to death by a ghost. Not cue of the party would own that he believed in the •supernatural, hut the whole crowd was agreed that there are things that cannot always bo accounted for. Finally tl.ey got to talking of* actual experiences. 'J l.e mUomc was lhat 'there were three stories h Id. All of them weru ^vouched for. These aie i he riories : — UN I) lilt THIS BiUDGIi. Some years ogo in Se.miTsetslnre a young nmi drove out into the country to eee his sweetheart. At midnight, he started Lomeward. It iras a datk rnghf, but the youi g mat! drove a pair of spirited 1 eases and made good time until he re achtel ti e outskirts of his honu; town. The only way he could get home was ie> drive along the hank of a river and ti.en pass under a bridge that spanned it. When ho reachedthebridgeitwassod.uk he naturally slowed up his team. To his surprise, when liq started lo drive under tt.e budge his team showed signs of not waning to go on. Hp. allowed the horses to have tin ir own way fir a time, aDd then sieing th y did not g( em inclined to go on he commence 1 to ur^e them. Still they did not go 011. JIo was patient foe several minutes, and then mado up his mind ;that the hoi»< s must proceed. The team, however, would not Ludge a step .'forward, Lut wheu urged seemed inclined to : turn around This move could not be made, ; however, without great elangvi, as the carriage was too near the r.ver bank. So, after seeing <hat he was not likely to do much good ireur it,; /the young man alighted and w< irl to the heads • of his horses. To his gieat surprise he found, both animals were m a foam, and then he knew' there was some reason lor the strange state of affairs. They were plainly frightened. He soothed them us well as he could, and then he tried to urge them forward. They snorted with terror, trembled in c vi ry limb, and with dumb eloquence begged not to be forced to go ihead. But the young man had to get home. Be got in front of the horses' he ads, took each animal by the bit, and started to back into darkness. His hand seemed to reconcile th e horses, and they moved after their master. They went slowly, to be sure, but they did move, and as they went the man cheered them, ;Step by step the man and horses went aleng. They finally reached the blackest part of tl e . darkness, the man still walking backward and pulling on his horses' heads, Suddenly one of the horses gave a wild snort, reared high in the . air, and came near getting away from his master. The man turned, aud as ho did so, to his terror, felt himself struck m the face. It was not a hard blow, but it was hard enough to , cause him to cry out, nitre in flight than in pain. Then he reached out in the (lark to grasp the thing that had struck him. His had found it. It was—a human foot. A man had hanged bimst If from the bridge, and his body swung just over the middle if the voadway. How the yourg man reached his home ho never knew. His hair, however, did not turn white, nor did he become a raving maniac, but, although he has lived in the same village ever :«ince, he has never passed under that bridge. THROUGH THE NIGHT. ( Two young men once lived together in the . Ziorthern subutbs of London. One of them was' in love with a girl She didn't care for him. but he didn't know it. So Le went cri aud on keep-' ing in love. One morning about ore o'cltck oi.e of the young men came home and f ound his room-mate who was in love in bed as usual. The youim .man sat down and read for an hour, and then he went to bed. At nine o'clock ne xt morning he wcke up, aud to his surprise found that .his partner had not yet got up. He thought ; it was strange, but supposed that the young . rn*n knew his business aud would get up wheu ,be was ready to do so. So he dressed, and was jus ' -J;out to leave .the room when ho thought perhaps his room* .mate was oversleeping himself. So he spoke to him. He got no response. Then he spokes' again, this time loud enough to awaken anyone who was asleep. There was no answer. Then he stepped to the bed and gave his partner a . shake. There was no mistaking the fact that the •caan was dead. On the table in the room was . a note telling why the foolish fellow had taken his own life. He had found out that the girl did not care for him, and that settled it with ;him for all time. The man who had slept with the dead body got over the fright he had received. in time, but he often wonders why ho' did uot see the note his friend left for him tell-; ing him of his act and why he had killed him. . self. A DISSECTING-ROOM STORY. The teller of this story and another student were to do some work in the dissecting-room H is friend was not ready to go to work so ho went in ahead and preps red himself for the ghastly job. It was late at night, but this is not supposed to make any difference to medical students, who are not 9 as a - rule, trouble-d with' anything like a squeamish feeling. The young <iian wss waiting for his friend to come, and «vas standing on tho slab on which rested the subject " on which they were to work. Seattered about the room were various thirgj which showed what the place was used tor. TYe student was smoking. He was thinkin ' of nothing in particular. Sudelenly lie heaiefu grating noise. It was slight, but unmistakable. At first he paid no attention to it. Teen, ia a drm soi t of way, it occurred to him that it 1 was a rat. " ! Presently the noise grew louder. He looked around bi,n. It s< emrd to come from a corner He listened closely for the noise, and theu he ! wi»s sure that it came from that corner. Ho looked clo.-ely, auel then he thought "he saw : some movement in the corner. tie stepped closer to tho spot, and then ho was sure there was something there that was alive. Still, he was not fright em d in the least. He ! was a brave-, .young fellow, and was inclined to ' investigate the thing that was causing him so ! much guessing. But in another instant ho saw ; something that was startling. ! A skull was moving out 'of its place in the ! corner, and was slowly coming over the floor ' towards him. It was grating along, and tho I sight and sound was more than the young student was able to endure. His bravtiy vanished ! he gave a cry, fell to the floor iu a'dcad faint' ! and as he dropped a huge rat scrambled fioro ' uneler the ghastly thii g and scampered to its hole. The young man got over his flight iu a few weeks, but. he adopted another profession. 