A MEMORABLE GATHERING. The members of the Wesleyan Methodist, Primitive Methodist, and Bible Christian Conferences, now sitting in Adelaide, met on Tuesday morning at the Pine-street Wesleyan Church in united Conference on the subject of Methodist union. The Rev; Joseph Berry, President of the Wesleyan Conference, presided over the largo_ gathering. He was supported by the President of the Primitive MethodiBtCon ference (lie v. H. Williams) and the President of the Bible Christian Conference (Rev. W. H. Cann). The Rev. H. T. Burgess (W.M.) was confirmed as Secretary, and the Secretaries of the three Conferences'—the Rev. W. A. Langs ford (W.M.), the Rev. A. W. Wellington (P.M.), and Mr. Ashton (B.C.)—as Assistant Secretaries, as arranged by the joint commit tee of the three bodies, which met on Saturday afternoon. These gentlemen took their places amid cheers. ' The Wesleyan Conference occupied the centre of the Church, to the number of 90; the Bible Christians, to the number of 05, the eastern wing; and the Primitive Methodists, numbering 70, the western wing. After devotional service, in which the Revs. Joseph Borry, H. T. Burgess (W.M.), Father Wright (P.M.), and W. F. James (B.C.) assisted. The President delivered his opening ad dress as follows:— Beloved Brethren of the Primitive Metho dist and Bible Christian Churches—We thank you for accepting our invitation to meet with us to-day, and in the name of our common Lord we bid you welcome. To tliis hour wc have looked forward, sometimes with eager hope, sometimes with tremblingsolicitude, but always with the belief that sooner ot later it must come. (Hear, hear.) It has come now, and we bless God together that we have lived to see it. (Hear, hear.) For myself I feel that the honour of presiding over this gathering is the crowuing mercy of my life, a mercy neither merited nor expected, but for which I am deeply grateful to the God of all grace. In speaking thus of our gathering I would not overstate its significance. We are not yet necessarily committed to union. We are taking but one stop further in that direction. (Hear, hear.) We are committed to uniou only if we find it practicable, and wc meet to-day tiflookat the difficulties which confront us, and to consider how we can best overcome tliein. Hitherto we have discussed these difficulties apart; to-day we confer upon them as one body. What these difficulties nro we shall con sider directly. Permit me to 'say now that we shall neither ignore hor mag nify them, _ but look them in the face in _ the spirit ■ of _ men who believe in ' the guidance and providence and the omnipotence of God, and who believe that if God has led us to the margin of the sea He will open a path by which we may safely cross. Nor, if we see our way to union, are wo here to unduly hasten it. Tiie time for consummation may be on the near or the further side of the line ; which divides the nineteenth century from the twentieth. Wedo not know. Itisthe will of God we want to know and do, not our will; bat if the hour of union is delayed we can agree upon friendly methods of co-operation in the meantime that will lessen-the difficul ties and promote a feeling of brotherly love. (Hear, hear.) I now proceed to touch upon some difficulties which wc 6hall have to consider. One thing is perfectly clear, that these difficulties are uotof primary but only of secondary importance. Thoy do not touch questions of doctrine—here we are in absolute agreement. (Cheers.) God: has mercifully preserved every division of our divided ■ Methodism from tampering or trifliug with [ any of the great doctrines enshrined in the New Testament and defined by our Founder ( wben Methodism was first constituted. Tt is said that a scarlet thread runs through , all. the cordage of the British Navy. There is a scarlet thread entwined with the doctrines of universal Methodism, dyed in atoning blood, and binding lis in common .agreement to proclaim salvation for all meu—salvation present, free, oonscioue, and full. (Bear, hear.) Much as we. deplore unnecessary division, we would divide again to-morrow rather than yield one. jot or tittle of the faith received from. our fathers. (Cheers.) Again, we have no difficulties as to oolity. (Hear, hear.) The basis of union prepared by the General Conference of the Wesleyan Methodist Church has been accepted in every detail by all the Conferences here, aud we have the unspeakable advantage of working not towards such a basis, but from it. (Hear, hear.) Nor do wo in seeking to unite in any way reflect upon the existence in the East of any oho of the three Churches. We slievo that each of these Churches was provi dentially called into existence. The appro ving seal of God has rested upon all alike. The world would have been poorer to-day jvithout any one of them. Each has had its own testimony to bear and its special adaptation to some need of our time. But we believe that secondary differences are also temporary, and that a time comes when any one wing of the Church may frankly and with perfect self-respect confess "that the need of its separate existence has ceased, and thatGod can be better served by the union of its forces with another Church. (Cheers.) Such a union does not mean retreat, hut progress. It is not defeat, hut victory. (Cheers.) Everything that is important iu the three bodies is now common to all. Concessions that the founders of the minor bodies once vainly sought have since been adopted by the parent body, and the time has come when those who are divided may be restored to one another with out doing violence to conscience. The same sense of duty which caused our separations in the past now demands that if possible we end them. (Hear, hear.) The questions which we now have to consider are all questions of administration. They may be summarized as follows:—1. The settlement of our properties upon a common deed. Hero we shall be helped by the experience of New Zealand, which contains sonie of the acutest legal minds iu Australasian Methodism. (Hear, hear.) 2\. The adjustment of connexional funds. This will require a good deal of patient care, aud possibly some generosity and self-sacrifice. But whenwecome to this question we shall not, I believe, find thediffieultiestobeinsurmountablc. One at least of the uniting Conferences has already gone far towards solving this problem ; for its own members,-as will appear when we come to that part of our business. 3. There are difficulties of local Circuit adjustment. No one pretends that these are few or slight, but not a little evidence already exists that they can bo overcome. The vory fact of our meeting thus in brotherly confidence will help in their removal. (Hear, hear.) Those who have voted in favour of union know at least the difficulties in their own locality, and the fact that these are in a majority, not only on the whole but in nearly every part, is a strong—I hod almost said an unanswerable —assurance that .our people believe that the difficulties arc not insuperable. (Hear, hear.) It is wonderful what men can do when they want to—(cheers)—and still more ivonderful what Christian men can accomplish when they believe that they ought to make the attempt. (Cheers.) The moment union is a settled thing these difficul ties will begin to disappear. (Cheers.) It is possible, however, though not probable, that wo may not succeed to-day in the task that is before us. Should that be the case we shall bo the better tor having tried. (Hear, hear.) To attempt and fail would bo no dis honour, but not toattenipt would be a sin. The votes taken during the year show unmistakably that we have the sympathy of the great Methodist public with us, while something within our breast tells us that wo have the approval of heaven. For these reasons we are resolved to try to overcome these difficulties aud to go forward. (Cheers.) In every Con ference I know thero has been an opposing minority. (Hear hear.) Numbered witu this minority are some of the best ministers and lav men our common Methodism knows, (Cheers.) Their opposition has been, in part at least, the' result of their loyalty and love for their Church. (Cheers.) To that very loyalty aud love we make our appeal in asking them to help us to surmount the difficulties which wo all Bee ahead. . (Cheers.) This opposition has possibly been intensified by the too ardent advocacy of union on the part of the majority. We have not any of us been always wise in all the things we have 6aid and written aud done. We cannot recall them now. But as Christian gentlemen we can forgot and forgivo. (Cheers.) Here aud now we can dig a deep grave and bury them out of sight, (Cheers.) Having come to anew phase of the union question we shall . do well ' to forget the things that arc behind.' Hitherto we . have _ had a union and an anti-union party in each Conference. Shall the party lines vanish this morning? We remain constitutionally the men we were, but let there be, if you like, a "go-fast" and a "go-slow" division, but fast or slow let ns all go fo; ward. (Cheers.) The Wesleyan Conference has received as it watch word this year " Back to the Holy Ghost." Shall we all make this watchword our own? (Cheers.) When the record of this meeting comes to be written shall it not read, " They were all of one accord in one place?" (Cheers.) Then. the sentence that follows may be written, too, "and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost"]' (Hear, bear.) What are the difficulties of which I have spoken when compared with those that had confronted the early Church? What would the men and women have given for our advantages and opportunities? Yet they marched forward to victory, and so shall wo if the holy fire burns in our breasts as it glowed . in theirs. The characteristic of that baptism is a spirit of love. Such love will conquer all difficulties within ourselves. We need have little misgiving then about those that aro without. A smith who seeks to ' weld two pieces of, cold irou may hammer until his anvil breaks, and it cannot be done. (Hear, hear.) If one ..piece is cold and the other hot, his task ib still too great. (Hear, hear.) But let both be heated in the fire until each is brought to a white beat, and a few gentle taps weld them into„ one. (Cheers.) Brothers, let U9 ask, ulead, wait until tho holy fire come?. We shall have less to say about our difficulties then. (Cheers.) The President then called .on the Rev. H. T. Burgess to move the resolution proposed by the joint committee. The Rev. H. T. Burgess returned thanks for his appointment as Secretary. He said that when Almighty God wanted to do honour to any one He employed him. That was his reading throughout of the way God honoured His servants as recorded in the Bible; and, so far as he knew anything about them the Methodist Conferences were so far thoroughly imbued with the Divine Spjrit. They also honoured their members by giving them work and still more work to do. (Laughter.) He appreciated the position in which they had placed him. He believed in the line— The more they aerve the more they love —(Hear, hear)—and he tried to do both. • (Cheers.) The Standing Orders of the Wesleyan Con ference were made the Standing Orders of the United Conference. The Rev. H. T. Bcbgkbs (W.M.) moved and tlie Rev. C. T. Newman (W.M.) seconded— Whereas the General Conference of the Austral asian Wesleyan Methodist Church in lS9i agreed upon and defined a basis of union between the Methodist diuretics of Australasia, and empowered each annual Conference to effect union on that basis with any or all of the Methodist Churches within its own bounds, and the Primitive Methodist an I 1 tibia Christian Conferences of South Aus tralia in 1395 accepted such basis and obtained permission from their respective Conferences in England to enter into such union, and whereas in 1895 the constitution of a Federal Council was approved aurl representatives thereto were appointed by each of the three Methodist Conferences of South Australia, and the Federal Council in 1893 adopted a " plan of Union" aud submitted to the members of the several Churches, the trustees of tli.- Church properties, and the quarterly meetings the question "Are you in favonr of the union of€tbo Methodist Churches in South and Western Australia on the proposed plan?" aud an affirmative answer to the said question was given by large majorities of theChurch members, trustees, and members of quarterly meetings in each of the three Churches' And whereas the .South Australian Weileyan Methodist Conference of this year has passed a resolution declaring that it is iu favour of the union of the Methodist Churches in South and Western Australia «u the proposed plan, and inviting the Primitive Metho dist aud Bible Cnristian Conferences' to a united Conference to consider the whole question, and if practicable to define the conditions and time of union, aud the Primitive Methodist and Bible Christian Conferences have pjsseil resolutions iu favour of union and accepting the said invitation, and this united Conference is assembled in pur suance of such invitation and acceptance, it is here by resolved That this united Conference expresses its gratifi cation at the action that has been taken by the several Churches np to the present tiuie, and its thankfulness for the degree of unanimity that pre vails among them as to the desirableness of their union; it accepts the duty with which it is charged, and resolves to do all in its power to promote the consummation of ths union tiiat ib in view. Carried. The Rev. H. T. Burgers (W.M.) moved and Dr. Toun (B.C.) seconded— This Conference accepts as a statement of the general principles and methods on which union is to he effected the "plan or union" that has been adopted by thy Federal Council aud voted upon in the several Chui dies. Carried. The Rev. H. T. Burgess (W.M.) moved and the Rev. 15. GKATrox (B.C.) seconded :— The Conference agrees that when union is con summated an Art of Parliament shall ha obtained settling the Church properties of the uniting Churches upon the 311110 trusts, an 1 tbat the Primi tive Metbodistaud Bible Clui-tiau Church trustees or A sufficient number of the trustees of each Church property shall sign an undertaking that in the meantime they will accept such appointments of ministers and arrangements for using the proper ties as may he made by the Conference of the United Church. N.B.— In the case of the Wesleyan Methodist Cliureli properties this is unnecessary, as tliey are already settled on the Wesleyan Metho dist Model Deed. The mover said this ground had been traversed in New Zealand under legal advice, and it was found that the course proposed was tho necessary and sufficient one. Discussion followed as to the phraseology of the motion. It was explained that there might be an Enabling Act, to bo followed by a Uniting Act; or the several Conferences could be kept alive and the united Conference could give validity to what they did together. Those expedients were either expensive or clumsy, but the plan proposed in the motion was tho simpler and less expensive course to secure safety and to bridge over the time till the Act of Parliament should mako everything right. "The same trust" was explained to be legally accurato, and to mean "tho identical trusts"," or "the same as each .other." As to the position of the Wesleyan trustees, the Rev. J. Coli.isgs (B.C.) forcibly put it that the two minor bodies had been all along cognizant of the fact that legally the united Conference would bo a Wesleyan Methodist Conference until they lmd the United Methodist Church of Aus tralasia. They could not force tho trustees of tli9 two other bodies--tho Bible Christian and the Primitive Methodists—hence the necessity for the pledge in the motion. But it would be a pure work of supererogation to ask tho Wesleyan trustees to do what they could not help doing. Tho motion was carried. The Rev. H. T. Burgess moved— The Conference recommends the quarterly meet ings of the Circuit! that will be affected by union to arrange for iu -etings of the ministers and official members of the Churches in tlie several lo talkies at which the suggestions for Circuit adjustment that were formulated in 1895 may lie reconsidered and further information obtained, with a view to the preparation by the Federal Coancil of a comprehen sive scheme for future actum. This was seconded and carried. The Rev. T. 15. Thomas (W.M.) moved— That an E ami mug Comtni Ltes shal 1 be appointed, consisting of twelve ministers elected by the Annual Conferences 111 the same proportions as representatives to the Federal Council, which shall decide upon a common course of study for candidates for the ministry and probationers, and which shRll examine or arrange for the examination of all such candidates and probationers, the examination to take place in the month of Februai y in each year. That a General Committee shall be appointed, consisting of tiie President aud Secretary of each Conference, the Examination Committee, and eight other ministersappoiute ; by the Animal Conferences in tiie sains proportion as representatives to the Federal Counci'.to meet prior to the Animal Con ferences, to receive the report of the Examina tion Committee, to consider tho cases of all candidates and probationers, aud no candidate ■ball be accepted or. probationer received into full connexion by cither of the Conferences except on the recommendation of this committee, provided, however, that any candidate or proba tioner shall have the right of appeal through bis Conference to a united Ministerial Conference. This was carried after discussion. ■ After the mid-day adjournment, The Rev. J. Cojxixgs (B.C.) reported that the Preachers'Annuitant Society in connection with the Bible Christian Church had submitted a scheme for the future working of the Society. The scheme provided for the continuance of the Bible Christian Society as a branch of the Wesleyan Supernumerary Fund for a limited period", the scheme to be managed by its own members under the direction of the United Conference. The Rev. E. Grattan( B.C.) said that seeing that tho difficulty -was their own they had sought to solve it themselves, and not to wait for others to eolve it for them. They could noteuter into union on terms that would be so loose and uncertain as to cause controversial or vexatious trouble, or that would cause in justice to Wedeyan ministers, or to their own aged ministers, or the widows' of their ministers, or would throw them upon charity. He further explained the details of the scheme. The Rev. H. J. Pope (P.M.) explained that the' Primitive Methodists were preparing schemes for submission to their. English Con ference to continue their connection with the English Superannuation Fund. The Rev. H. T. Burgess proposed— Tho Conference i< gratified to learn that the Bible Christian Conference hasfnrmu'ated financial arrangements for complying with the stipu'atioiis of the Wesleyan Methodist General Conference on the subject of the'Supernumeraries and Ministers' Widows' Fund, wl ich have been submitted to 'the Treasurers of the said Fund. The Conference is also glad to be informed that the Primitive Metho dist Conference has the subject under its con sideration, and has commenced negotiations with the object of dealing satisfactorily with it The Conference refers the subject for further considera tion to the authorities of the Churches concerned and to the Federal Council, iu I be hoi>9 that a satisfactory settlement may be made during the' coming year. Tho Rev. H. T. Burgess moved— The Conference instructs and empowers the Federal Council to Co whatever may be necessary in its. judgment to cive effect to the resolution of this Conference on securing the Church properties, - arrangements for Circuit adjustment", negotiations concerning the Supernumeraries' Fund, and the case of Western Australia, to effect readjustments of Circuits where i he arrangements arc satisfactory to all parties concerned, generally so to act in and about the premises as tu&y; best fscl itate the ( arrangements for union, ami to furnish a detailed report of its proceedings to the Annual Conferences of next year. The Rev. H. T. Bgkcess moved and Dr. Toitit seconded— While unable to deSnitely fix the exact date of union, the Conference expresses the hope tint the necessary arrangement of details may be so far com plete as to allow of a decision on this subject being readied next year, and that, should pending nego tiations be satisfactorily concluded, the first Con ference of the united Churclt may he held in 1699 or 1900. The Rev. H. T. Burgess moved— That copies of the resolutions adopted by this • United Conference be forwarded to eacil Annual I Conference; that those Conferences he requested \ to incorporate them in their records and to give ; thcni the same validity and effect that they would ; have had if they had been nd -nted by such Confe j rencc iu its individual capacity; that the Oonfo ' rences he requested to so arrange the dates of their ! assembling in IS9S as to facilitate the holding of a : United Conference during their rcssions; and that : the Fe local Council be requested to make any i necessary preliminary a i range men', s for such : United (.'-inference. i Tho Rov. H. T. Burgess moved:— I The Conference is strongly of opinion that steps should be taken forthwith to prevent the possibility I of friction and overlapping in : he operations of the j seaeral Churches in Western Australia, and is grati | tied to learn that a representative committee has I been appointed with a view to securing this object, j and to report to the several Annuil Conferences. votes ok tiiankk. The Rev. .7. Day Thompson moved— Tiiatths United Conference tenders its hearty thinks to the President, the Krv. J. Berry, for the i pow rful, spiritual, wise, and timely address with I which heprefaced the deliberations of the A«-cn;biy. j The Conference also requests that the address fie publisln d iu some such form aswiil secure its circu lation throughout the common Methodism of this colony. Do was himself very deeply moved by that j speech., and personally congratulated tho [ mother Methodist Church on the possession of | a minister like the Rev. .io- epii Berry, who | could deliver so powerful, thoughtful, spiri I tun!, and timely an address. (Cheers.) The above motions were carried. | Tho Rev. J. G. Wright (P.M.), who was i received with cheers, seconded. I The Rev, J. Hancock (B.C.) supported with ! unfeigned pleasure. The tone of the address 1 bad done him good. j Tho Rev. H. T. Bcrgess was exceedingly I glad that tho motion had been made spon j taneously. He put the motion, which was I hearliiy carried. ' I The Phesiukn r feelingly replied. If they were spared to have a united meeting like this I next year he believed -they would find most; i of their difficulties behind them and a wondor* | ful opening before them. (Cheers.) ' Tho Rev. John Thoknk (B.C.) moved a i vote of thanks to the President for Ilia able | conduct of the business of the meeting. The i Uov. H. Williams (P.M.) seconded, and the j Rev. J. Daddow (P.M.) supported. ! The President in reply said if he had been ! the captain on the bridge, next to him sat tho i chief engineer, the Rev. Mr. Burgess, to ! wluv.n ho gave all tho credit, j The Rev. W. H. Cakn (B.C.) proposed, tho | Rev. R. S. Casket seconded, and Dr. Torr supported a hearty vote of thanks to the Sec | rerary, tho Rev. H. T. Burgess, for all his ! groat services in the cause of Methodist union. | Dr. Torr and the President also paid a ] tribute to the untiring efforts of the Rev. W. i F. James in tho same cause. ! The Rev. II. T. Burgess gracefully acknow j lodged the vote. Tho J'ev. \V. F. J ames also ; thanked the gathering for the fluttering rcfer i ences made to himself. Tho Assistant Seero j taries wi re also thanked for their services, and j the thanks of the Conference were passed to the j Federal Council for its valuable labours during j tho past year. i The minutes were read and confirmed, and i the meeting closed at 4.15 p.m. 