A MODERN PYTIIIAS. A group of lennis pin vers were lounging under : ^s0 Ucv* in the campus of a college*. | i 1m*v Ii'iiI jnst fii-.iehirtl tty; fifteenth “Ijsfc gamu of ihe T'aMiu,'’ for although November was itCftr, the v.c-ither remained like summer. It was lit to 'id McNutt who found hi? brouth lirct, and broke the silence— “Have you got acquainted with tho new soph yet—1‘reri Jlersvn ? Seems lo be a genial “Genial!” echoed his nearest neighbour, Clifford Doone, in a tone of infinite disgust “What old-fashioned words you use, Mac 1 Phrase him in the modern languages, can’t “Why, I mean ho isn’t stickish. He gets acquainted easily, doesn’t seem a bit homesick or forlorn, as the now fellows mostly are, and takes his examination like so much fun.” j “ You don’t say ! ” ejaculated Lex Small, the champion athlete of the school, who spent so much time and energy on gymnastics that little was left for mathematics “ So,” reasserted McNutt. “ Guess I’ll get introduced. He might help ■*ao out m trig,” said her, thoughtfully. The boys all laughed at this characteristic remark, and fairly shouted when Shirley Deane, tho “ pet lamb of the fleck,” as he was called, showed his colours by hoping “ that the girls ■would not go crazy over him.” “They will, I know,” spoke up Clifford, %i For I saw Flo Barnard talking with him in the library, and the girls all follow her lead.” Th*ro was a chorus of groans at this, for these four young men were the admiration of the girl students, which secret was long since dheovered, and often discussed at thoir private “In union Ihcro is strength—my only axiom, pmtlenien,” proclaimed Lex. “A fellow hue ro business coming into this college two months *'8tet- taking the front seat in our class-rooms i md in our best girls’ henits. I proix>se wc unite in downing this new and objectionable person, every time, everywhere, and in every Possible way1” “Agreed!” they shouted, McNutt adding, “ Let’s begin right off ! m get rocruuuceti id irdcr to find the weak points in his armour, jfer, go and look up his place in the class books. Cliff, prepare to outshine him in recitation to njirrow, and Shirley lock after the soundness of ye.girls’ hearts.” .So, laughingly, they shouldered their rackets irid sauntered into the house, r i**1 Thus cndelh the fifteenth Inst gamo !” jxcloimeil Lex. “ One would think we were iractising for the stage, with our numerous axcweH engagements. Suppose, for a change, re turn to our work a.s investigating committee, iml hesr the riport of members, Mac, first.” ^Raising himself upon one elbow McNutt s“ I got ncqc2Vntcd with the new man and ijnnd he was from New York. He didn’t sav vlietherib vms tho State or City ; iu fact, he has thelmack of making a body talk, so I camo timy feeling that he knew more about me than iilid-of him, and—that’s alL” 1“ Ho didn’t havo a very good lessen this ^ommg,” put m Shirley, 44 and he seemed grecu tome—staring at everyone who got up Oh, new ones all do !” objected McNutt, “Oue thing I know,” asserted Lex, calmly proceeding amid the shouts of “ Hear, hear !” “To has introduced him to half of the girlj alrcidy, and I intend giving her my opinion of saci forward, unladylike conduct.” •‘.He hasn’t shown iirt-ferer.ee for any, so far,*1 ISt McNutt, thoughtfully scraping the seeds firm the grasses around him, 44 but it beats me ^ht a fancy he has for that stupid Jack Stokes, Tfe ia Stokes’ second term, you know, and ht haa’t half a dozen friends to his name ; yet In amH&rxen; were walking in the campus this mooing like old cronies.” *Oh,” yawned Clifford, 44 we are gossiping R8 aty do at a ladies’tea party. Let’s have anther game by way of practice.” 'r-Thile these convc-rsutioo.s were being bold on tlif lawn, the much- discussed sludeut, l’rcd fyrsen, was fast being initiated into the life of tt college. All that th/j quartette of envious d of Mm v».-as true, which is more f/So thJ;Caa be asserted, of most gossip. Never he. the college wails held a student so popular if oehorfc a space of t:m e. Je girls raved over h/.s manliuess and good loobjhvhile bis ability and joviality won tha mor reluctant respect- and good will of the Ai jwrrc amazed, however, that he should fort so ardent a fiaendship with Jack Stokes, s eluent far from pe-pula r among them. Ky-aud byit&y; were looming together, and their den bwunu headqueurti rs for all tho fuu going. lereit was that the the boys congregated tc ! b Their fj»rst sleigh-ride ; chose sides for n “^.imatcbelected their ghost to attend the ; vl’^ea yarfcy ; held impromptu debates, and •• icc» essays for one another. hju Stokes became 44 illumined with a rdzcjj xl popularity,” us Lcs grumpily called it, and 7/aa invited everywhere his comrade waa. -dy'/imes he was the life of the company *, but "5 4 res a fitful gleam, and he invariably relapsed tr to a morbid gloom. .. Weeks passed making little change in th< social affairs of the College; one night, ^owever, a strange procession wound it? way through tho grounds, aud only the crunching of ice-covered enow broke the slillntas. The bell boy shrieked with terror whoa ho opened the door to receive a group of men bearing two unconscious bodies. They hod gone out, a lively crew, in a four-horse •sleigh ; but through fright oc reckless driving the horsea had carried them over an embank ment, with this nwful result. Many were cut and bruised, while Clifford Dooue had a lea brokeu, and Jack iSlokca was internally injured. Soon there was hurrying to-and-fro, and the excitement waa for days intense. Clifford’s condition eras painful, but his recovery was only a question of time ; Jack’s life, however, swung in tho balance for many days. During that time Fred scarcely left Iris side, declaring that he corn! do as well as airy trained nurse,and that ho would give up his place in class rather than desert his friend. The doctor and professor looked at one another in surprise, one of them whispering, “ A veritable .Damon and Pythias cas«.” He hid Ida nc.ii wn-JTj **° "O1-4* -Jk— sight banishing tho kind-hearted ones whe offcped to relievo them. After a day of unusual suffering and th< -coustv.nt artendanec of the doctor, when Fred Was ddh alone with tho sick man, Jack turned o wbitr>£ace ImraEOH him and said -wistfully— 4L Tha doctor has given roe up, have you ?” “No, indeed!” waa the quick answer, tcSfcill, I would prepare lor the worst, Jack Tell me anything that burdens your minds.” • 141 understand—and, I’m not ready to die, cither, for I haven't lived right, and the inno cent might suffer because of me. Can you koc$ Vi secret? Draw up closer and I will tell you He talked long and eagerly m whispers, note Fred saw his sirengih was exhausted and hif story nearly done, $o ha said m a trembling ** That will do. Take this and go to sleep/' And when tha medicine hod done its work, this *4 Pythias ” quickly crossed the room, opened a trank that was cot his, carefully laid its contents on tho floor, and finally raised a neatly made false bottom. Ah, the web wc call friendship ! What a frail thing it Is ! Jack did not die. As soon as the doctor? would permit tho boys met ip 91 for a jubilee, carrying Clifford in that they might have theii “heroes” together. It was a rare oocasion, and ihey were ail in high glee. But when Fred and Lex reached their own room the former hoisted hiruaeJf upon tho study table and exclaimed— •fit beats me 1 When Jack was thought about lo die Fred was devotion devoted, aad upon my. honour, between you and me and this table, now that he’s getting well the fellow acts sorry.” ' ** You’re right, Mac,” was the answer. “ I Xver saw such an expression on a mortal’s •ice. He couldn’t have looked unhappier if he m-e to be hung, aud you’d have expected him :o be the jolliest one of the crowd. Oh, well, Harsen’s a puzzle we might as well give up first is last, and I’m too sleepy to talk, anyway; so jebdottn, and don’t venture another word to ’ Soon he was snoring, a queer little childish ; snore, and McNatt dropped off with a smila On his face. I A we<*k &f; terwurd Stoke appeared for the first ; time ih the claits-room, Harsen following, aud ibskingtf&r; the paler of tho two. The proffasox ; when l?rcd slopped to the desk, and laying down some papers said audibly “"Will you examine Uiese, and vouch for their concotticsi'?'* Thee, facing Stokes, he said in a clear voice, “ George Stover, ir the nnmo of the law I arrest you on the charge of forgery committed three years age ! in Buffalo, New York You have concealed : in your trunk—which is now in tho band; of the authorities—four thousand three hundred dollars ; besides, you have freely confessed thi? crimo to me. As n detective *' (throwing oper his coit to show the star), “ I traced you here, but having to prove your guilt 1 entered es i student and became your daily companion : This you all know, so there is nothing for me j to add except perhaps a few personal words j Fellow students, it has been a mean part J | have played, and the daily deception hai j been almost unendurable, still it was necessary, j as each one can see. When Jack was sick— especially after he took mo into his confidence i —I wished that to save himself the disgrace anc the penalty—oh, I wished in my heart he might There was a painful pause, in which no one oeomed fcu breathe, then he went on,— ** Had be died then no one should ever have attached the crime to him, and I would have disappeared from this college as suddenly as 1 appeared. The sheriff is in the hall. We must go.7’ Jack, who had risr-n at Fred’s first words, stepped forward and said in a manly voice — “ It is true. I am guilty. Believe me, boys, I would rather be serving out my sentence where I belong than bore among the innocent. Anywhere is a prison with remorse in one*; heart-, and perhaps when this crime is atoned for, and I come to face death again, it will not I be so hard. Forget me, one and all. Good- | bye.’' j There were no more lessons learned in college j that day, and no laughter for a week. After j discussing the matter for tho four hundredth ■ time, Shirley Deane turned to the group of girls and said sharply— “And Ilnrseu was married, too. He told me so at the depot, aud said be hoped the girls would cry, but I hope you will, and that it 