THE SIGN OF THE CROSS. (by lady cook nke tennessee claflin). The Sign of the Gross is tlie must uni versal and the least g-nerally understood of all the mystic symbols that hayo come down to us through the lapse pf iiilinita ages." Wo are accnstoincd t-> identify it with Christ and Christianity alone, as though it had originated with them. Yet ten thousand proofs exist that it was simply appropriated to these just as it had previously been claimed by evory. great religions' ciilt thab iuada its appearance, ill the world. A distinguished writer, iu his essay in the' 'Edinburgh1 Review, nearly 30 years ag", on " The Pre-Christian Cross" says: — "From the dawn of organized Paganism in tlie eastern world,' to the final establishment cf Christianity in western, the Cross was undoubtedly one' of the com monest and 'inost sacred of symbolical monuments! and, to a remarkable extent, it is so still 111 almost, every unci where that of Calvary is uureocgnizid or un known. Apart from any distinctions of social or intellectual superiority of caste; colour, nationality, or location 'in either hemisphere,: it appears to liave:been 'the aboriginal possession of every' people <J antiquity; the elastic girdle," so. to .say, which embraced- the aiiist' widely separated heatheii communities ; the most significant token of a universal brotherhood ; the principal point of contact in every system of pagan mythology." ; That' "mighty maze; but not without a plan, 10 which all the families, of mankiu.d were severally ex pressed, or by moms of' which each and all preserved, amid every vicissitude of fortune, a knowledge of the primeval hiip- p'iiiess and dignity of their species.; Where, authentic history is silent on the subject, the material relics of tho past and long since forgotten races are not wanting to confirm and' streugt'non this superstition. Diversified forms of the progress achieved in civilizition at tb 1 period men tioned are to be found on the ruined wails of temples and palaces, 0:1 natural rocks and sepulchral galleries, on the hoariest monoliths and the rudest statuary: on coins, medals, and vases of every des cription ; and, in not a few instances, are preserved iu the architectural proportions of subterranean structures, of 'tumnli an well as fanes. The extraordinary sanctity attaching to the symbol, in every age and under every variety of circumstanc.1, justi fied any expenditure incurred in its fabrication or embellishment ; hence the most consummate ingenuity was lavished upon it." What then was the orsrinal meaning of this symbol or symbols which have been tho warp into which all the threads of every religion have been woven ? In order to solve this question, a multitude of facts are to be considered, all pointing to the same conclusion, no matter how grossly exllibitod or how mystically dis guised. It is the sign of generation whoch r divine or human, tho emblem of the ever- vigorous fecundityof nature, and there fore, of the life that is and that which is to corns. It denotes the universal vivify ing power,- sometimes associated with t.h- most obscene rites, at others refined into spiritual regeneration, and thus typifying a future immortality aud a state of never- ending bliss. It was consequently adapted to all sorts and conditions of men, ail became as universal as life itself. One of the earliest complete types known is the erux ansata formed like a T, with an oval or circlet resting upon it. Singly they typify the male and female organs of re pro duo tion ; together they may denote goodness, hope, felicity, or the life to come. The crux ansata is commonly found sculptured on Egyptian and Coptic monu ments, and the mystical Tau symbolized ' the hidden wisdom' of the Chaldeans and of the ancient people in both hemispheres. Humboldt found in remote Kanip-.chatka the cross and other rude remains of hiero glyphics, similar to those of Egypt. It was engraven ou the glass statue of Serapis, on the walls and tombs of Kings. Planted on the frnstrum of a cone the simple T represents goodness ; springing from a heart or 011 the breast of a mummy, it denotes hope or expectation of reward. The two colessal statues from Easter Is land may be seen at the British Musouni aud on the backs of each tho same sign is rudely engraved. As with this which was the conventional, so with the ovoid or circle, sometimes called the egg or the eye. It denoted the female principle and covered the vest ments of the Ephesian Diana, and the Assyrian Mylitta in whos9 temple all the women were bound to prostitute them selves to strangers. The robes of the darkakinned mother goddess of India wore similiarly adorned, as were the tails of Juno's birds which drew her chariot through the heavens. We are told that tho worshiu of Juno was universal, that the Empire of .1 upiter was small compared to hers. As llyten, sometimes called her daughter, she was the goddess of birth in Arcadia, was Isis in Egypt, and Jnnj Lucina of the Latins. llyten was also the same as Diana, Venus Lnbentia, and Genetilis, who arose from the sea. Juno was not only queen of heaven, presiding over marriage and child-birth, the patron of sexual virtue, and puuishcr of lewdness in matrons, but was also the goddess of all power and empire, and the dispenser of riches. In like manner Venus among her various titles was surnanied Telessigama, because she presided over marriage, ana Plial- lotneda, from her affection for the phallus. The ovoid form <>f llie upper member of the crux ansiita was sometimes displayed as a handle as in the Theban catacombs and 011 a Babylonian cylinder. Ou a stelt from Korsabad, ail eagle-headed uiati holds the circle in his right hand, and the tau iu liis left. In the ophite hierogruins, which remained of an era of widespread serpent workship, ic is depicted as a peunate circle, and as a circle is boruu iu the claws of the flying Scarabeus, the sacred emblem of Pthali, and is found sculptured from Europe to Mexico. In a modified form and joined with the lau it is the oldest ensign of majesty in India, and is "commonly found in the hands of Brahma, Vishnu, and Siva. In Christian Europe it is adopted by every potentate, including our Queen, as a symbol of royalty," whose coronation orb surmounted by a pectoral cross is nothing more than the embodiment of the tradi tional crux ausata. The Rev. William Haslain, in his work " The Cross and the Serpent," gives a curious and fanciful explanation of these facts. Ho says:- "I have suggested that, the Cross was conceived when the redemption of man wa3 designed. I can not doubt that it was revealed with the prophecies. ... " It was in prophecy, as it is now, an outward sign of an inward mystery' con nected ivith a promise. It was the sign and pledge of that promise, and as such, in whatever sense the outward observer re garded it, there seems little doubt but that to the initiated it wa3 a holy and blessed sign of hope in a fallen age ; and a pledge -of the promise of light in a period of darkness." In another passage he waxes still bolder : " 'The Cross was known to Noah before the Dispersion, and evon - before the Flood ; and I will venture yet further, and say the Cross was known to Adam' ; and that the know- ledge as a sacred sign was imparted fo him by the Almighty." We may admire, the enthusiasm which suggests ail this; and which is eminently theological aud clerical, hut unfortunately tho patriarchs and prophets never once referred to tlie sign of the Cross, and tho Hebrew and: Samaritan "Scriptures are equally silent. They were, however, thoroughly- familiar with it, as it formed in their days a significant part of all Pagan worship. Of all its many forms, " there i3 not one among them," says the Edinburgh reviewer, " tlie existence of which may not be traced to the remotest antiquity," and we might add, nor the causes of whose variance cannot . also be . traced. The Maltese Cross, the battle-axe of Thor,. originally four huge .phalli carved out of the solid rock, but afterwards metamor phosed by the virtuous knight3 of. St. John, or the Cross of St. Geo:ge which marks. the English flag, and every other, is . nothing mora or less than a -phallic symbol. Rude, upright stones, especially those of a c»nical form, appear to have been th-> earliest objects of worship by mankind, and their assistance by contact to produce fruitfulness is still invoked by women iii 111-iny parts of the world. In every mythology the cone was the emblem of the mother of heaven, whatsoever her n.amu, and every altar and high place of li-rs was originally conical or pyramidal. One stone standing upon another, or in serted in the earth, represented a rudo cross. The mystical tree, ' ' the tree of life," was also represented in the form of i cross, or by the hieratic sign of tho deity across the stem. Every circumstance pertaining tn this was peculiarly phallic. When serpent worship began to supersede tree worship, the ophite emblems were of a similar nature. The serpent with its tail in its mouth has the same significance as tne crux ans ita. When, at a later stage of civilization, the worship of the moon and sun successively prevailed, and the followers of the sun made war upon those of the ' 1 Great Dragon," many of the old emblems were devoutly adopted and a composite religion was formed. . And when in the fulness of time, Christianity made its appearance and developed' orders and hierarchies, it in corporated within itself almost every feature of Paganism, including the su preme Phallic symbol, the Cross. Erotic Christianity worships the Divine Child, adores Mary His mother, and practically gives the- Supreme Deity an inferior place. Christ's wounds are dwelt upon in almost every hymn with perfervid ecstacy, and the Cross of Calvary is the foundation of faith and hope. To have inserted the Virgin in the Trinity would have been to literally imitate the older cults, so the Arkite deity of Thebes or Babylon, a distinctly phallic one, whose will was- in terpreted by the Jonah or Dovos, gave rise to the Divine Messenger and Interpreter, the Holy Ghost, the Dove of Christianity. At all points our religion is lineally de scended from the cider and most ancient. We have our Tree of Life, our Suu of Righteousness (uprightness), our Cross of Salvation, and the hope of an after life. We have also a bitter aversion to the "old seryent" and "all liis works," although we retain many of the latter in our rites aud ceremonies. The cardinal points of superstition have varied, aud mankind have boxed its compass, so that at length they seem returning to their old love : the religion of Humanity and the worship of Nature. We are beginning to perceive that whatever is good and beautiful is natural, and that whatever is natural is also good and beautiful. Possibly the time is not far hence when we shall not be aslumed of our bodies with their organs and functions, or of any other work of God, but shall see in all a Divine beauty worthy of pride and praise, and shall again recognize as our Trinity the Father, Mother, and Child. 