UP-TO-DATE SEA PIRATES. Within the past few weeks the strong rooms of two of the outward bound Aus tralian mail steamers have been tampered with and in each instance gold of the I value of .£SOOO has been earned away. | Bub are wo quite correct in assuming that the gold in question was ever wibh i in the strong-rooms of the vessels'in ques tion? The evidence is to .the effect that it was, and no doubt the officers of the vessels are thoroughly certain that they saw it safely placed there. But: appear ances are deceptive. There are 5 clever sleight of hand people about. Hocus pocus is- again being- as assiduously Cultivated as ever it was in the days of . Simon Magus, and if one is sometimes -to; be lieve the evidence of his senses,, itsdxipes and votaries pan .be nUihberod hot in ; single files but.in battaliohfi, Tlie boxes of gold whioh the bfiicean of/ the- Oceana, and the s.s.x Taiyuan thought they saw jdaoed in tho : strong-rooms of-those vessels; in Sydney were possibly, oiily the; “ bodies'* of those boxes of, gold. Tlioy were, 1 it is suggested; cheated into a false sense of security; by the ,".ghosts ” of- c tbose boxes of sovereigns being brought aboard,', when ‘ perhaps the sovereigns themselves are at this, moment reposing safely and snugly in the vaults of .some • Australian bank or safe deposit' company.. A possible weak pointy however, in -our thbory is that the astral boxes (if such, they wore) also Cyaporated on. the subsequent only seemingly When 'a material wo^^ ! i [ dbmatorialxse ."in sudi.: an extraordinary and mysterious fashion • as r.-did those two boxes of SOOO soypreigni Pacb|it should not troubleour readersmucbtoimaginehow the mere unsubstantial “ astral bodies ”*of tlfem could .dissplyn''&d;^ely^. ; .,'into nh [i substantial air on .the.yoyagb; from Sydney [ itoMeltiqurne in one ahdifroin Sydney . to .Hong Kong in the other case. .'. But persiflage apart;. > there are some -highly qlbvpirogues Sit present the Aiisbridkn anaih;: -! Thatthey have tac compßcqswhoaroinplacesbf'ri employment of the. stearaship cbmpinibs, orcitho shipped of the gold', is undeniable on jibe tboir bx trad rdlnari ly ■ jisucceiwM haul^^ ;peai to: bb; in-Syduby; ‘ How they -workbib jCnnlbut, tbbmseiyes kno;sy, jand v they -are to tXoxr mqdus, ppbrahdi; 'jj&r; iohjg - .os it gold: - ittiniG of •/ wbaitl|;, ; dt r^Kas I -..done :/of itiyps;;are fhavonob^VA I v no ■ 'fcli c? steamer. wo suppose, tried. ;a good; many .of tho arts and wiles that a good detective knows how totry, but hie return ed, frankly admitting that he was as muph iii fcho dark ifr wlion lie set- -Tory: likely lie was in; journeying, bo England going farther and further / away from the hoad-quartors of theso now sea-piratpa. They were, perhaps, whilst tha detective wos looking for them on the .Oceana, on-- joying thomtfolves at their haunts in'Sydney , and laying schemes for a u cut'Mnto > the gold-room of tho next likely steadier. If our theory is correct that the. chief of these pirates works in collusion with persons who are in tho employ of the steamship companies, or hanks ' or gold- exporting merchants, it is highly probable that at some time br other more than one of such employes have boon approached with a view of joining them in a. conspiracy to roh thoir masters. If so a-reward ought to bring but some evidence of it,or in tho event; of a free pardon and a handsome reward, being guaranteed to an accomplice, one of the conspirators ought to bo induced to fayor the public with an explanation of these very remarkable affairs. Perhaps they wore much more easily and simply managed than ordinary unsophisticated' persons arc aware. Given a man with nerve and irapu- j denco, and with or without a. few hundred sovereigns 1 of capital to begin operations withi and itmay bo thatit would be as easy - to extract a box of gold from the strong room of a mail steamer as it would be to surreptitiously pilfer a leg of mutton or a frozen rabbit from the refrigerating room of the same steamer. But for the present everyone is perfectly in the dark as to how it was managed. Time may, divulge -their mode of operations and tho operations, In tho interim, however, and as continued success in mail steamer robberies will bring more pirates on to. the scene, it' may be. asked whafc u * protection is there on board tho homeward bound Australian gold ships. It seems to us that there is no organized protection whatever. This matter is .very much left to chance and the telegraph lines. When we road of the exploits of American desperadoes in “ holding up ” railway trains from the gold and silver regions of tho "West and going through the specie and passengers, the thought will sometimes occur that it is singular the Australian gold ships have never yet been pounced upon. We saw in the Kelly days how four bush larrikins could terrorise and make prisoners of a whole township. Sometimes steamers , leave- Melbourne with a quarter of a million pounds worth of gold aboard. If a gang of pirates were to ship as pas sengers, were to seize the ship..at a certain point to be agreed upon and had a small vessel ready at that point to which themselves and their booty could bo trans ferred, what- is there in these mail steamer companies’ arrangements to pre vent one of (heir ships being surprised and looted ’? . If, the robbers after over awing the crow and passengers drew the fires from the furnaces, and blow off tho. steam from the boilers, the small pirate ship could he miles away ph their road to some outlandish region before the great steamer could start in pursuit. But pur suit would not perhaps he practicable, as in such a case as this the- small steamer would probably carry an Armstrong gun,- and a small Armstrong could in a very few shots send to the bottom the biggest merchantman afloat, Mattgis are indeed getting so serious and mail steamer robberies may undergo such' development .that it may bo worth while for the com panies to take counsel whether they should not have a kind of semi-military defence organization amongst tho officers and men of each of their vessels—a- body of trained and disciplined men on each steamer who would bo ready for instant action in the event of a raid by a section of tho passengers on the specie-room and the other portable wealth, o! a crowded and luxuriously appointed steamer. Fourth Page.— The following additional /reading matter will ho found/ on our fourth page jtJiia morning—-Miping Hews and Notes and Government Gazette, • v , , Country News willbfr found on our first' page tins morning. To-day’s Events.— Warden’s Court, 2 p.m.; Football Association, .8 p.m.; Austral Literary and Debating Society’s competition, Princess Theatre; 8 p.nu; Committee Eaglehawk Me chanics’ Institute, 7.30 P.m. Mining Meet ings; North Argus (Kirkwood), 6.45 p.m. ; MncDnff (Khkwood), 7.30 p.m. . The Queers Birthday.— This is. Her Majesty’s 78th birthday. The usual public holiday hits been proclaimed, and the public offices*and banks of the district will bo closed. The .business people will not celebrate until WPdnesdav. - Gold, Amalgam akd Dividends.— The. gold return's oh Saturday,amounted to about 2700oz. The principal yields Were Southern, week, 340bz; New Bed. White and Blue, 239oz; St. Mungo, week, 220oz; Lanecll’s Comet, 122oz; Lanseli’s 180, lllpz; New Chum' Railway, week', H3bz. . Amalgam- United Hustler’s arid Redan, 191oz: ' Dividends —Groat Southern, Is, £1700; United Hiist: ler’s and Redan, 6d, £1200; Windmill HiU, 6d, £796 13s 6d; total',/£3696 13s 6d. City Police Court.— Messrs.. Webb , and Illingworth, Js-P., occupied the, bench on Saturday morning. A woman was committed to the XarraBond Lunatic Asylum.- Constable Walsh, of Golden Square, two boys named Thomas Hankins and; William James with acting in an insui ting planner. According to the. evidence a number pf bPys were amusing themselves at a concert at the Wesleyan Church oh tho 12th inst. by lotting off crackers, at the door, singing out, aml.making. other noises, to the disturbance of the audience inside.-; When the constable appeared, tho ;boys rah away, "but ho caught the, two, defendants. The bench fined them 10s each, with 6d cost's Thomas Oakford was.ohtvrgcd by Constable J. J. Kelly with being drunk And. disorderly. He presented a pitiable .sight as Uo. stood in. the dock, his head being bandaged until little morn than his face -was visible. .His features generally gavetheimpression! that? he badboou having a-rcal good - time. Constable Kelly stated ho found the-man lyirig.in a doors way in High street on the previous afternoon, with a gaping wound over the left eye oaused by a fall. -..Ho was takon to Ifio ,hospital whore tho §ash was stitehod -up... The ; bench' .considered iat it-wpuld ho beneficial to tho man if he were kept under restraint for a time, and ho was ac cordingly romaudedfor seven , days. Archdeacon MaoCullaoh was unablc to conduct Uu> service at St Raul’s last- evening. He was otherwise mTnir health bur had lost Iris voieo-7-probably lbe. result of a cold. ; The service was conducted by. f/ ; : • Treatment -v by ' Hojsmtal ‘‘ Pat1i»ts.Q ; In reference to allegations made ‘against tiro . Bondigp Hospitar by a correspon dent in a contemporary, : one of oirr reporters was on; Saturday iriterndowod by an old man named David Cross. Ho expressed greatindignation at -what lie -termed a.mean and contemptible attack on the hospital officers, and one which should; not have .been 'published under'abom ffo plume; Mr. Crosar prefaced his remarks by saying,« For two years I was blind, but now I pan see; arid I dan thank Dr. Xiong for tho recovery ©? my sight” “Hdwldngwero you under. Iris ..asked our reporter. ** About eight or ''nirid nidntijs,' altogether. During thattime I“"hod plenty of oppor tunity to notice* how things wore. /eon> ducted at tire hospital; / When that letter w,as first road opt to-mo this morning (lor I cannot sonsuffloioritiy wdjl to road small- news paper - %pe), it^mjidp;wpmy remind to at onco see prior of "tiro ■ Jndopdri ddnt staff and ' givo . lum -my . opinions on jtho matter, soBrat'tho fap othor mdo dfthokuesjtipnV T/wOs located in 3 word, and, of course, ' epnnpt/say much about the others. During the: Vhplo fane I. strived there Dr. Ikhg;;was\ moist ationUvb^ 'pey bVepamh ho man could vrish fog, bettor trcatipont than I rdcoivdd: from. Nursda-,Kenhody Eadto and Bdvanagb;- LAv?e£ripkth4 only one hrihp .ward. I assure yon, . wilhif asked, say the *oj! that,; The diet was^ that could bp Svishod for,'tltrid tiro .dkmyhed ' were changed ;twico-a .towdls^ard^ to Dover dncd‘6aw!ariy/.vej|mtn :; you to;say, this, in a M ? umuo ;i;Lam: not , Bio marirwhd ! in Ids |ntphtion8ihd%d^ SaNDH HRST/.GoiaiPfaLDBHC — A/ .Town' T’resprifc #kkkP^mari ; rdpdrtettthat" OYor.itp'faEgtfaasurd^-Uor^ppndonce.—FtoM ijvunication had been -forwarded to tiro JiaraEP of: ;thd Sliirds bf : JETuntly and btoronta tliat .the nianacorsof tha Common had" im pounded'over 10Q head of cattle iii ' tlio Huntly Eouud and raised iho- fee, frpm 3s . to 4s'nei‘ cod; as itwasalleged, of tlio spnrcity of grass. The communication also ototed; .tltot the was one in name 'only,', o«' 1 (ill' tho. .gobd land, on . it had boonselected, and-odyi'scd taat'it ;bb abolished. ‘ The' secretary stotcd that hy bad repUcd ' to U«j effect that; all these" stotototmta woro untrue arid askcdUmf rt-edpy'df tfmcomplalnto bo sup plied i to the .mtai^bte- Ik had. not yet been received, it was, dpbidcd;taatno action' bo taken nit presbut—Fpbib tJto.manogoVs pf the Huntly Common (tlto Huntly Slilte Council), rojativo to tho sustenance fee, for. some cattle which hud been Jet oat of the . Huntly’pound, , ftnd stating that the bbttle were allowed out at the request oCono of the managers of tlio Goldfields Com mon, The letter,wos rcceiycd, tlio managers deciding that , this was a mutter to bo' settled by the pound- keeper and herdsman.' Tlio Becre tary wds inaLrueted to institute legal, prpceed ings against Messrs.. Hall and, Rodgers, who were found troBpasBingbnthobominonwiUi a largo floqk of sheep in Match last. Accounts amounting to £6 weropasaed for payment, and the meeting closed. . Tub Mayoral,- BALL.rr-Iavi tations are now being issued for tooMayovb/Bsll,, which tokos place on June 16../.Wo.understond that a largo number of invitations will bo sent out, and that olaboratoipropothUdns are. being mode in' order that tho mayoralty, of Or. H. M, Marks may bo raarked by a distancUy successful ball. The- Old Supreme Court Buildinos.—a deputation has- boion appointed to wait on too Minister of Lands on Wednesday next to urge that tlio old Supremo Court buildings bo granted to tho Bendigo United Friendly Societies’ Dispensary for >' friendly societies’ hospital. Tlio deputation will consistof Messrs Stubbs (president); Bbok (secretory) and Johnson, of the Dispensary Board, and the members of tho district I Causes op Poverty.— At the Congrega tional Church, Forest street, last evening too | Roy. A. B. Rofo preached to a fairly large eon grogation. He took his text, from Jeremiah 8th chapter,'22nd verso, “ Is tiiero: no balm in Gilead?, Is Uiero. no -physician there? Why, then,is not the, health of tho daughter of my people recovered?'’ . To. anyone who hod ob served tho evidence given with regard to the Old Age Pensions, and; to .those who; wore cnablou to speak authoritatively on too matter it was (said the preacher) as patentfact that, thriftless ness' and, drunkennesH were Jargo factors in many of the lamentable coses of old ago poverty, The question was, How may a reform bo effected? If all the elements which : go to' make, a certain result arc not token into consideration, then, the reform may stdljify itself- _ Adversity may follow a roan so that ho will sink from the. lap of porliaps luxury to such a stage that it is almost impossible for him or Jus family, to maintain their moral in tegrity; and women who have thrown virtue to tlio winds arc often pressed to do so by the crucl.irony of .circumstances. This had -been proved in numerous eases. They had to, starve or accept tlio hideous alternative. He believed that God would hot visit this sinner as severely as He would those who Iwd forced her into the position. Charity does not touch more than too outer surface of those cases. The cancer itself is so deep in toe social system that charity cannot avail it. Wo talk of elevating our race, but we' must have an insight into the existing conditions. Wo have splendid Govern ment conditions, but taxes wore not all that wore needed; There are social thieves who, by obtaining their necessaries of life, and not paying for them, compel the business man to tax those who arc honest in. order to keep, himself out of the Insolvency Court. We have splendid police, court, gaol, aiid hospital sys tems ; aud wo have behind them all a magnifi cent system of creating criminals. It is called toe Licensing Act, and it keeps too drink traffic . inexistence. Money given for charity often ! goes for drink ;, often a man’s wife obtains i drink from the licensed grocer,, and-has it put down- on tho bin as .groceries; • and many other evils accrue from liquor : licenses. The man who .soils the drink' is worse than the, drunkard, and there is. un man so degraded as he who has doomed .to lie, about bis .drinking habits. This is how the ; money is constantly going. How is. the. leakage to bo stopped? The Jove. of drink stultifies, philanthropy- .It. is oar duty .to remove the drink traffic. If the colony chose to rise in its might it could .be removed in one . triennial election. By'doing this tho right of the subject might perhaps be infringed", but it would bo justly so, in view of the evils which the ..curse of strong drink brings upon us.- Alarm of Fire. — Last " night about 8 o’clock, the fire bell gave an alarm of fire in the direction of Monument Hill. The Temperance Brigade went out, bht on reaching Don street, as no signs of a firo wero visible, they returned to the station/ Tho watchman at the fire tower says tbht' a glave of a fire" was distinctly visible somewhere, on thc-othcr side of Monu ment Hill, bnt it subsided very soon after tho alarm was given. As tho brigades have been so much annoyed lately by false alarms, they have determined‘to in future-report all cases of I chimney fires to City-inspector Fahey, who will [.then issue summons.'' Proposed Blanket- Fund,—In regard to the proposed celebration of the Queen’s Dia mond jubilee with presents of warm blankets to poor people, the originator of the" idea, Mr. -James Andrew, auctioneer, Hargreaves street, is issuing eiroillnrs. In these ho says:—“I would take it as > great kuidness if anyone responding to this necessary object wilt send in their donations at once,' Dona tions of blankets from drapers; warehousemen and others •will Tjo thankfully, received, all of 'winch wij). bo acknowledged in the public papers.” . The Juvenile Exhibition,—Tlio miuore and enginedriyors who exerted .themselves in connection withtho late Juvenile Exhibition ip aid of tho Watson’s Sustchtation and Engine drivers’Accident Funds, Have'decided to i;c cogniso the/valaahleassistance rendered by tho Hon.'J. : Sternberg (president), Dr. Quick (trea surer) and Messrs. W, Beebe, J;-Green and T. Hogan. -On Wednesday evening, .at Horn’s Courthouse Hotel, they will each be presented with handsomo’gold medals, have been suitably inscribed; . ■' A 53oz NUGOKThas been got -by two diggers named Smyo and Jones, near Nursery Gully, about a quarter mile we.st of the main street. ' ' - • Cycling at .77.—From. Molhotzcnc to Ben digo is ;d fairly -long ride, and pn Fridayo cyclist, 77 years'of (ige, arrived in Bendigo After ■ riding the whole distance. He left Melbourne on Thursday morning, and. tlio actual time oc cupied in pedalling was eight hours each day. One hundred miles ; in 16 hours by a man TJ years of age is a featworthy of note. Tlio old gentleman, did .not appear to be veiynnich with his exertion, and was yesterday doing .a ride roiind the district. The bicycle lib rides is the first of'ife kind seen in Bendigo. It ’has>o.ehain, toopedata taoihg'fixed to too fro at wheel as on the old “ordjxiaiy? bicycle, and toough perhaps tlib same speed is not attainable as with a chain;, its 'advantages are numerous, especially os "qleanmg'toe mndnnc. Thp name of tlio bicycle' is. the, “'Bantam,” and '.thf , owner speaks in high" toms, of its durability. ■ NEwntfAYln Shipped to England.—Now; hdveh, the ei-aflk thi'ta-yeariold racehorse of tho racing season, ana perhaps the most phenomenal tlu'eb-ycar- old performer tliat'Au£- tralia has over scon, left his native shores op Saturday, in tlio R.M.S. Oroya. He’goes England still, as .the..property of,Mr. Cooper, and will probably"be raced ".tliorc, and if hp stands the voyage, Becomes.- acclimatised, and gets into anything Bke the form he displayed at-the last Molbourae Gup meeting at Flemiug .ton, when,lie Ayon/.tho, Derby ;ana'Gup under extraordinary' weight for the handicap end fast ■ timoforboth should make his mark on tlid Engli 8hturh--Hcrald. T.-Liaton has (the Age says) resolvcdj'owihgto iii, sevpfis^ttackofinfluenza, op consideration, to \ritadraw‘lhifiioandid«tin'c for tlio popiTsontatiot) of ' the ' NorthWesteto Province in tho Logislativo Gouncil. Under top circumstances; Mr;; Gomrio, of Tprnagull,p, will bb rettaaied uhoppbpcd.' ' . - • - - - Old: Age tendont Tlmmas, pplico force, wifi' forjuftlly retire bh tho; 31k‘t inst with a pongipp of about i£2S5 ,^ppr v bo sue- - ccodcdby Sapcnutendcht Deasy;; who wlll .hoia 'offlpb .till.tdm' bhd'bf >.thb year, .and then rietirp. ?Superiutohdent ;G’Cpilitahdu/\rill : then'he&m;?! wiu -w p humbbr of bthb r promotion s in duo course, r ENGINEDRlyERS’, , E^M&ATIONS.;— J/Goftts, B< d3arnes and G. Sponco (secretary) : ate cbn :ducUng tlic. lmlfryearly at tho . Thprejsta^jur? 0 jiambey of pot bp con)- 'cljaiaqd -imUlTPctopf■' ' weekly on Satpr -eypmiVg,; BfiUer,- vicepresidepti menribership* V..' POR THB^who^fe wberp HeArill;pt^Jbh < u8ini88;^,'.c^. : K* 8 \- pespeeb of ah wib shra^P iand" tatotabd shbldd ibc^u^ ,jee^fjUr- • ' npnipd James'Br opn an- Atas'bK v By drunk tho Bal larivb : hero, and a long :;drink:: r /<.;■V i^yi'-U:; atalpdtaiok bpd .CbU8tablb 'Haitao'ek^byv^:fta£n^Ay-morning bn a vrita gp« n ' Itomsou street afternoon ;when: the shopman's back was turned. A resident, of Mvors street’ noticed; two .'men carrying; a j)ig alomt WiUiftinsoivstreet soon after the carcase, wns missed. On tlidir tlto twomeri were arrested- at tfieir lint on Slanghtoryard ! Hill Back Creeks, j .!. V,. •; IsimbyßD iis notified that a untoiit bn's been applied for;l>y Mr. Benjamin LowSbV onginedriver., of ’prtaiglib street, for «j m prt\’eincnb in an: oil-febding can ? for nmohiiicry and - last wcekls Govern ment Gtuwtto wo notied that' of the licbhscs in. existence in B6ndigb:and district tlioroyaro ono: license to .distil spirits, -dnb;vtedi«^ / 'licenßCi five fori Bio purpose of disUlHng ducnlyiitus 'ibiiy six Jiiwyors’ -licenses and five wine and spirit,lieenses.' ;‘ ' i ' " = euxtrsEnT. SwiNRbXTRNK/agecLGl, admitted to the hospital” bn May 10V died yesterday from (1 ‘ V AELEOKI> ,giri AdiriWcbstor,; who was on Friday arrested for thrilarceny of certain articles frota.Mrs; Kenny,; of Market. sdiiare. was the same afternoon brought before yir WbbbVdJPV ftft d remanded until tbc26lb insl, bail Veirig allied. > - .■ V; To-dav, at one 9 clockj :at-;tlioir ; rooms, Messrs. G-fHi Hblisbn bnd : C6. will .sell freb hold allotment and dwelling, Bayno street; freehold allotment ftnd;dvreUiug,Gokloh Square; freehold allotraent and dwelling, Retreat Road ; minor's right holding and dwelling, near cricket around, Back Creek. The whole are for abso lute solo, and ftill particularsSvill -bo found in our advertising eoUimns. ■ ‘ On the 27th inst., Messrs. R. O’Neill and Cos will sell on;the- grounds,' the Convent High School, a quantity of huildiug. materials. In another column the trustees in the assigned i estate of Davey Bros., boot' dealers; give final notice to debtors,.to, settle their accounts ■ before legal proceedings, are taken. , 