THE NOVELIST. THE BONDS OF LOVEI [By E.H.W.] CHAI'TEI IV. The days following Gregory's depar ture dragged on wearily. The weather was as glorious as before-the sky as blue. the sunshine as bright, and the trees as green, but not so to poor Mar jory. There was no brightness left for her, and lher sweet face grew pale and wanll, her step languid, her voice was no longer heard trilling her old songs about the house. Everyone noticed the change in " Miss Marjory " except her father, the old Rector. IDuring those hot, cloudless days the white-haired old gentleman seemed strangely silent. Had Marjory been less occunpied with her own sad thoughts she would have noticed how hbent and feeble the old man was, how shadowy his thin hands. how dim his kind blue eyes. " The Rector's breaking up fast," the piarishioners gossipped together, " and Miss Marjory, too, looks a ghost. Ha ! well, whoever comes to the old Rectory after they're gone will never ie better liked by any of us." Marjory, wrapt upl in her sorrow, was unaware of the current gossip of the little village, was as ignorant as a child of the bereavement that was hovering over her, and the kind-lhearted neighbors feared to tell her. The doctor certainly mentioned once or twice, in a carelessly professional air, that her father was not in a very good state of health, and then, with a laudable feeling of having done his duty, lie went off about his other work. Marjory's anxiety was not aroused, however, by the doctor's careless warn ing. She iput down her father's strange feebleness to the hot weather, and though she redoubled her tender attentions to him, she did not feel in the least alarmed or applrelhensive. One evening, hIarely a week after Gregory's departure, they were sitting in the beautiful summer gloaming, Mar jory's hand lovingly clasping her father's chilly fingers, her eyes gazing wistfully towards the darkening woods, anld her thoughts, as usual, with Gregory. Sud denly the old Rector spoke, and his voice sounded very weak and feeble - " Marjory child, will you sing to me SThie Land o' the Leal ?' " The girl started violently, and turned her eyes somewhat anxiously upon the old man. His face looked grey in the fading light, and anll almost unearthly radinnce shone in his eyes. 1 Father !" she cried, sharply, " you are not well." (i It was your motlher's favorite song," lie went on, feebly, without heeding her anxious cry "I1 can hear her singing it now. We used to wonder who would reach the Land first. She has been . I there many years now, my honny Kate, and now I am going to her." He paused, exhausted, and Marjory, crying " Father !" in an agonised voice, fell on her knees, looking up into his face with wild eyes. He hardly seemed to notice her, but one feeble hand stroked her hair. "1 am coming, Kitty darling !" he murmured. " Yon say the Land is veiv fair and bright, and you want me.'" " Father ! don't -my beloved father, you will break my hcart !" Marjory threw her arms about him, kissing him wildly, tears rolling down her face. For the first time the old man turned his eves upon her, and with a faint sigh lpatted her head as if she were still a child. " Little Marjory, don't cry," hlie whis peredl. " I wan't vow to sing to me, and you cannot sing if you cry." With a mighty effort, the girl choked back her sobs, dried her eyes, andl rose to her feet. "I will sing if you wish me to, dad dear," she answered in as near her old cheerful tone as she could assume. "Good girl." he cried-" good little girl." She stooped and kissed his cold lips, and heard him murmur-'' God bless and keep you, little one !" then she went across the shadowy room, and sitting down at the piallo, sang the pathetic old Scotch song, with a breaking heart and streaming eves We'll meet and a' be fair In the Land o' the Leal. The song finished, Marjory left the piano quickly and ran back to the win dow where her father was sitting He lay tack very still in his chair, and Marjory saw that his eyes were closed. With a terrible fear at her heart, she bent over him and peered into his grey, quiet face. " Father!" she cried-"-dearest father! open your eyes and speak to me." The pale lips quivered andl opened, and the dear eyes over which the glaze of death was rapidly stealing, looked into the girl's agonised face. A bright, loving smile flashed across the old man's visage, and he opened his lips as if about to speak. Marjory put her ear close to catch the dying whisper - We'll meat and a' be fair In the Land o' the Le:l. And the poor dim eyes closed lan guidly, the white head sank back upon the cushions, and with one gentle sigh., the good old Rector went to meet his bonnie Kate in the " Land o' the Leal." Marjory's grief was terrible to witness. She reproacheI herself for her selfish absorption in her own trouble. " I thought only of myself. I forgot him, my beloved. kind father," she cried continually when any of her friends en deavored to comfort her. " I did not see it until it was too late that he was dying. Oh ! father, father, what have I done ?" The good old Rector was buried in clue course, and was followed to the grave by a large band of sincere mourners, for hle was widely known, and universally beloved. And then the question arose-whlat was to become of Miss Marjory ? Marjory herself, as ignorant of busi ness matters as a child, shook her head mournfully when questioned. She had written as soon as possible to Gregory, telling him of her great tjouble and begging himr to come to her. She wrote pitifully " I am your wife, and I have no one in the world now but you, my husband. Oh, come to me, Gregory, my heart is breaking." But Gregory did not come, and no answer came to her poor little letter. Day after day shie met the postman eagerly, hopefully, but each day brought her nothing but bitter, bitter disappoint ment. One week, two weeks went by, and still no Gregory, no letter, and poor Marjory's heart grew sick with hope deferred. " He has forgotten me-hlie is ashamed of me," she thought bitterly. "He does not want to see me again." Meanwlhile, preparations for a sale were going on, a new Rector had been appointed, and Marjory knew that in a very short time shte would be turned adrift upon the world, homeless, nearly penniless. The old Rector's income had not been large, and, always liberal and open-handed, lie had lived up to it, giving to others what lie needed for himself and child. There would be the proceeds of the sale, and after that Marjory was told there would be nothing, and Iher only course would be to seek a situation as governess or companion. The great lady of the place took up the case, for she was sorry for the grief-stricken girl, and eventually obtained for her a situa tion as governess in the family of one of her own friends at the salary of £20 liper year. Marjory tried to feel grateful for the great lady's kindness, and thanked her prettily, yet dully, wondering dreamily why Gregory allowed his wife to be sent adrift upon the world to earn her bread. The day of the sale came and went. Marjory packed her little belongings as kind iii liii rx I1u(I thI( d111r1 Ieamyiv Vay She* h1 a le farewell to the dear ~Id he~r father had s ;'nt s I many h~appIy e'VP 1in1s , her ownII little hIolrtroolI ill Whicih shIe hadl dlroatnio 1o i many hleanti lu!l. ha1olj d (rauls oil G regory. :1114 thon t ho fly ihIo\oe mouiiio, her Iho\e Were lifted outside. somIeCo0(0me assisted 11h1e in. aubo1 she left forever the Iiomle oifhl 0 Ihapipy chuildhoood. 