We went to Exmouth for a change. Gilbert was very fond of boating, and there he could get plenty of it. I, to¿, used to like the water, but my miserable feelings induced me tobe disagreeable, and I rarely accompanied him. - One evening I stood on the sea wall looking across the mouth of the River Exe at the beautiful, placid scene. The sun was disappearing behind the hills on the opposite side of the river, and the huge sand banktnown as " The Warren " was fast being hid in the shadow of ^.e deep blue uplands in the west. _ Gilbert had gone in his boat to Daw- lish, and I was watching with a longing heart (all the more so because I tried to . repress its longing) for the appearancc of. his sail round the point, when I became conscious that someone was standing i beside me. I looked, up and it was Rupert Garstang ! Ead a ghost appeared to me I could not, I tbink^have felt a greater terror than I did at that moment. -All the ? . blood in my. body seemed to recede , inwards, and I stretched out my hands , and clutched the low parapet wall to support myself from dropping to tte , ground. "Felicia,'* he said, "I have returned. "I am rich again." I essayed to speak, but my voice failed me. Then the recollection came. The blood surged to the surface again, and I felt that I flushed crimson. "Mr. GarstangÎ" I replied, "I was not aware that you were in England." I did not know if he had heard of my marriage, 60 I added:; " We are staying here for a while. My husband is atDawlishthis afternoon.'*' "I heard you were married, Felicia," he returned, in a familial'tone, "but it was a great mistake on your part-& great mistake. I am sure you can't be happy." . As he bent his head towards mel could smell his breath of drink. His impu- dence and vulgarity disgusted me, and I could now see through him as through a pane of glass. This was the creature I had loved, for whom I had spurned the affection of the best of men. Faugh 1 X hated not only him but myself too. "Really, Mr. Garstang," I said, as coldly and as pointedly as I know- how, "you must be forgetting what you say you have heard. You will please oblige me by remembering it, and also the respect you owe to Mr. Armstrong and. myself." "Oh!" he-exclaimed, contemptuously, "don't ride the high horse. I know all about it. There's no love lost between you, Til be bound. Respect I" he sneered, " I owe him no respect. He's robbed me of the dearest thing on earth to me. However, my time will come, and sooner than many think,", he added, with % boisterous but vicious, half-drunkeft laugh. . His demeanour and language frigh- tened me, "I will bid you good-evening, Mr. Garatang," I cried, as I turned and hurried to pur apartments. 