[?] .. ..7- — NOTHING BEYOND. (Contested.) I am not a nervous person naturally, but I felt nervous as I had never done before to-day. _ I was in my own little sitting-room about six. o'clock that evening, when the door was opehed, and Mrs. Carnegie pseped in. She smil d when she saw me, and came quickly . forward. All fTio.f -riorTif ' cJia anir! vnn arp alone. I can spare half an hour, and can devote it to you- Let us talk of old times, and forget that horrid' dressmaking craze which took you away from your own people, Miss Ross.' I pulled an easy chair forward, and my pretty hostess sank into it ; she held ont her hands to warm them at the fire. ' I ami happy in my own life,' I replied. ' Yes, yes,' she answered. Then she looked at me attentively- ' Yon say you are happy,' she said, 'but you don't look it. How ill you look ; why, yon ave as white as a sheet, and so haggard. You look twenty years oider.than yon did yesterday.' I shrank a little at her plain words. ' I had a bad night,' I said. \- : -v' Had you r' she said, with sudden anxiety. I nope yon nad a comtor table room. 1 gave special directions that you were to be put in the red room, which is about as snug a bed chamber as this great big house possesses. I wish you could have been in the new part of the house, but there simply isn't a corner. Still, the red room is safe ; no one ever heard of anything occurring in the red room.' Ilooked at Mrs. Carnegie very earnestly, and all of a sudden determined to confide in her. ' The fact is this,' I said, ' I did not sleep in the red room ; it was prepared for me, but my little assistant, Lucy Price, got nervous. She didn't care to sleep in the bedroom as signed to her, so I changed with her.' Mrs. Carnegie's face turned very white. ' Lucy Price didn't lite her bedroom ?' she exclaimed. ' I wonder what bedroom they gave her ; surely not ' ' She slept in the red room,' I answered, 1 and I slept in the room at the end of the passage ; they said there was nothing be yond.' i on Slept m taut room r stun aixa. oat- hegie, springing to her feet in amazement. ' Oh, surely no one could have been so cruel.' ' It ir a fact that I occupied that room,' I answered. ' It is also a fact that I had a had night.' Mrs. Carnegie sank down again into her chair. ' Tell me,' she said, with a' sort of gasp. ' I don't mind knowing — I think I'd rather "know — tell me what happened to yon in the night.' J I repeated the story of my night of hon/j- \- as briefly as I could. Pretty Olive's Jf\ ace changed colour several times as I proceeded with my tale. When .1 had finiried, she spoke. / I I shall never forgive the/sei-vants for putting you in that room,' sh-S said. ' Remember,' I interrupj?Eed, ' they meant it for Lucy Price." y' ' For putting any on/ into that room,' she continued. ' Oh. iflr/as a cruel thing to do.' ' Is there anything known about the "room ?' I asked/ « anyth'ng to account for the strange ..occurrence which I must own very nearly. I deprived me of my senses ?' ' Every1 body in the place knows that the room ie-J haunted,' she answered. 'Ii has not hsien slept iii for a couple ot centuries. T believe there was a murder, or a horror of £bme sort,- committed there; anyhow, the "/ /onm TB A pQprfarl nri nn a rtrill £Vjp ! jfurnitnre ; it ---i-A nuite the oldest part. Of the Towp belon& \--A-lvu -T\u S Zfdfrn, « not oT ot your sleeping there. Well, I am gtad yon have told me. You don't mean to say, you poor thing, that you contemplated another night of horror ?' 'I certainly did,' I replied, ' and I don't know even yet if I do not wish to sleep again in that room. You see I don't believe in ghoBts. A ghost would not leavo bread and bacon on the floor.' ' That is true,' she replied, thoughtfully. ' If I sleep in the room to-night,' I said, 'I shall be well provided with matches, which I shall use when the first sound occurs.' ' You won't, yon can't — suppose you saw something awful.' ' I' should see something material, at all events,' I said, "stoutly. 1 A ghost that could think of bread and bacon has never yet existed. I have not the least doubt that my ghost will turn out to have a body.' 'Well, I do 'admire your courage,' said Mrs. Carnegie. ' I used to be plucky enough myself once, but all the talk about this horrible ghost has rather unnerved me. Not a servant will sleep in the old part of the house. And the fact is, when we have a lot of gnests as we have now, it is positively inconvenient to have all these rooms left empty. I'll tell you what it is, Jane — I've a great mind to keep you company to-night in the room at the passage.' 'Will you really?' I answered; then I hesitated. 'But what will your husband sayf ' 1 shan't breathe a word to him. I often "sleep in my dressing-room, and he will think I am there. Yes, we'll share the horror together, and if it is a human horror, perhaps we shall get at the true origin of the ghost story. Yes, yes, we'll do i t, Jane— you and I. Suppose my dear dressmaking iriend help me to get rid of the Carnegie ghost ; why, I shall thanfc yon for all the rest of my life.' We talked a little longer together, and finally arranged our plan. Mrs. Carnegie was to meet me in the ghostly room between eleven and twelve that night. Not a soul in the honse most know of her intention. After we had made up our little scheme, all my nsnal courage returned to me, my fears vanished, my spirits rose, I attended to my dressmaking work with renewed ardour, and that evening the rehearsals in the great hall downstairs took place with even more spirit than the day before. The night came, and Mrs. Carnegie, in a pretty bine dressing-gown, met me in the passage which led to the haunted room. ' Two of us won't be the least bit afraid,' she said. ' Here is a candle and a box of matches'. Now, we have only one last thing to decide. When the'Thing arrives, who is to strike the match ?' 'I will do that, I answered. 'I will strike it quickly, and light the candle.' We then both entered the room. Its cheer less and chilly aspect struck with renewed force against ray heart. In Spite of Mrs. Carnegie's bright presence, some of the terrors of th6 night before returned. There was no use talking of them now, however ; we were in for an adventnre of some sort, and must see it out to the end. ' I feel like a naughty school-girl once again,' said Olive. ' What fun this is.' ' Hnsh,' I said in a whisper, don't let us say much. If there is any trickery in the matter, the Ghost, Thing, or Person may be on its guard.' She nodded to ine ; we got quickly into bed and put out the light. It was delightful to feel the fellowship of another human being. Olive had not yet been really terri fied, and her nerves were stronger to meet anything that might occur than mine were. 'You are shaking,' she said to me in a . whisper ; ' keep up 'your courage. I daresay nothing will happen ; for my part, I'm get ting quite sleepy.' ' Don't go to sleep,' I answered. ' Hush, hark. What is that ?' Mra.. -Carnegie started, and came closer to me. The noise which we both strained our ears to hear- was so slight that it might only he compared to the faintest rustling — in " short I was scarcely a noise at all. My senses, however, peculiarly on the alert, told me that a draught of air, colder than that of the ordinary air of the chilly room, had sud denly swept across the bed." The Thing had doubtless arrived. For the space of a couple of minutes there was absolute silence, then once again, as the night before, came the footsteps. One, two — one, two, they creaked on the hoards — they approached the bed.' ' Strike the light, have courage,' whispered Mrs. Carnegie to me. Making a terrible effort, 1 caught hold of the candlestick, took the match-box, struck a match quickly, and lit the candle. When I did so, a short, terrified howl Bounded from something or someone in the room. Mrs. Carnegie and I both raised our heads and peered into the room. For a moment we could see nothing, then two gleaming wild eyes became visible ont of the darkness — a head of shaggy hair rose above the eyes— a ragged figure was revealed to us. A large overgrown boy was standing in the room — he looked wild — half mad. My heart Was beat ing so hard that I could not speak. Mrs. Carnegie, to my amazement, burst into aring- ing laugh. ' Why, it's Davy,' she said, ' poor deaf and dumb Davy. Oh, to think that Davy has turned out to be the ghost after all.' She laughed so long that I really thought the terror of the last few moments had sent her into a fit of hysterics. ' Oh,' she said, ' Davy would not harm a fly, hut he can't speak or understand any one. Well, well, I wonder how he got into the room.' ' Don't say anything ; watch him,' I said. After staring at us both very fixedly for the space of a couple of minutes, the deaf and dumb boy evidently made'up his miud that we were not in the least to be feared. He looked regretfully at the bed where in all probability, when unoccupied, he used to stretch himself ; but seeing that there was no chance of repose there, he proceeded to the door of the room, which he locked, laying the key down beside the waiuscot. He then sat on the floor, and unfastening a bundle which/" he had hanging on his arm, took out of At some bread and bacon, and began teat greedily and rapidly. Having finish/M his meal, he looked again with covetous/ syes at the bed — he even approached it a s/p or two ; but Mrs. Carnegie, who knewhinn. raised her hand aud shook it at him. Tferfs fact seemed to terrify him ; he went straight to the door, put the key in and unlocked it, then appro - ched the oak panel in tjie wall, and pressed a spring which revea-hed a door, ihe door opened, he weutout, and banged it behind him. / There goes/" our ghost,' said Mrs. Car negie. ' Hor.v did Davy discover that door ? No one hjus the faintest idea that there is such a mrode of entrance to this room.' ' WJSo is Davy ?' I asked, when he had departed: y\Oh, a lad who was born on the estate, nd has lived here all his days. Some people say he is simple, but I doubt it. Anyhow, he is deaf and dumb, and has never had any training. His usual resting-place is in one of the barns : no one has ever been able to make him consent to sleep in an ordinary house, and in an ordinary ' bedroom. In poking about one day he must have discovered the secret entrance to this room, and have determined to make it his bedchamber. After all, it is a good thing you came' here, as you have helped us to solve a mystery which has given mo many terrible nights since I came to the Towers. In conclusion, 1 may add that the theatricals went off without a flaw, that the secret entrance to the room at the end of the passage has been effectually built up, and now the ghost chamber at Carne.ti6 -Sjers f can receive its geusts and_JK51i- in mifli I impunity.- _ -- uu iu ITllU "It -ir jRSade. 