oq sad ottje siage. The Australian rights of the Biograph coat Harry Riokards i53000. Thk Holloway8 have taken the Melbourne Royal for Christmas. It is possible that Miss Maggie Moore may join foroes with them. Miss Maggie Moore's niece, Miss Nellie Moore, is a remarkably clever child mimic. She gives amusing imitations of various stars, including her aunt. Miss Elvira Lee, the deep-voiced contralto,"who a few months ago left Melbourne for West Australia, has married Mr. Bernstein, of Perth. She still continues to sing at concerts. Mb. Cabel Porter who is reputed to give such a masterly interpretation of " Nero " in The Sign of tile Cross is a member of the medical profession, and for seven years practised in the old country. Miss Katherine Hardy, of the Brough Company, is engaged to be married to a gentleman in Wellington, New Zealand. She will leave the stage on the conclusion of the Broughs' tour of the East. Mb. Wilson Barrett has left England for Australia. He has been guaranteed .£10,000 for 100 performances in Australia. He opens in Claudian at the Melbourne Princess Theatre on April 9 next year. Mas. Brown-Potter's theological views seem to be of a rather free-and-easy nature, which probably will not surprise many-people. "I go to no particular church," she says, " I just jump into a cab and tell the cabman to drive me to the nearest." The Sydney Palace and the Criterion, which Mr Harry Rickards took over for his last batch of London engagements, did not yield the expected return, and are now closed. Rent and other expenses still continue, which Mr Rickards has to defray. The rush to the stage still continues. The latest to join the chorus of the Gay Parisienne Company is Miss-Eva Del trie, one of the grandchildren of the late Mr. D. R. Long. " Deltrie " is of course a stage name, the young lady being the wife of Mr. John Brind, formerly of Gippsland. A Japanese actor named Danjuro is known as " the Irving of Japan." He is stated to be so versatile that he plays priest and soldier, acrobat and tutor, emperor and clown, with equal skill, while as a female impersonator he excels. Danjuro, it seems, has -tried to introduce Hamlet to the stage in a Japanese' version; but, according to report, the audience saw " nothing in it but the Ghost." Mb. J. C. Williamson wrote to Miss Maggie Moore—his wife—concerning the medley in one of her pieces, known as The Gay Parisienne. Miss Moore contends that no infringement of copy wright occurred, as the vocal matter alluded to is actually published under that name. " Sister Mary Jane's Top Note," which Miss Moore sang in Sydney, was omitted in Melbourne, because of copy wright trouble. Mb. Joseph Blascheck, the talented son-in-law of ex-Pclice Superintendent Pewtress, of Melbourne, is successfully touring in England with " The Yelograph," showing pictures of.the Grceco-Turkish war, the Diamond Jubilee and other novelties. Mr. Blascheck, who is known as " the popular Australian tourist," owes his successful start in the show business in England, to kindly services of Mr. G. R. Sims, the dramatist and proprietor of the Referee, who has taken a personal interest in the deserving young entrepreneur. The Gay Parisienne knows only crowded houses, so far as the Princess' Theatre is concerned, for the musical farce attracts all classes. Miss Ada Reeve's piquant acting fascinates everybody, and she has become a wonderful favourite. Mr. Bert Gilbert, Mr. Coleman, Miss Leamar, Mr. Bourke, Mr. Frank Peachey, Miss Wray, and Miss Seymour act up to the star with refreshing spirit, and the only change -worth mentioning is that Miss Reeve wears pink shoes in the first act instead of white ones. These have almost an electrical effect in the high- kicking episode. Miss Maud Williamson's sensational experience in The Prairie King, last week, in Sydney, was the third and most tragic of her adventures on stage rivers. One, in which Mr. Julius. Knight was concerned.occurred, in Glasgow, some years ago, when the two were playing in Queen's Evidence. The blind heroine, it will be remembered is-pushed into the lock by the villain. In Miss Williamson's case, to prevent the risk of a fall, a wire was attached to her back from the.flies, but, the counter-weight being too heavy, she was whirled aloft in full v[(^ToUhoH^u who shivered for a moment and then 1 laughter, as Mr. Julius Knight, not notjflfti i heroine dangling in mid-air, and only inteS^P^63 business of the scene, dived into the shouts of delight from the gallery soon^^^^a what bad happened. ^H9| Mr.Harry Richards' company at the Ope^^H| familiar as they are with packed houses, joyed a new experience with the racing' crowds, whose enthusiasm was not eonfine^^HS or two particular favourites, but directed every one on the programme. The Cup anHBw pictures made the cinematographe inuudu^Hjfl thing to be remembered, for the elmcrifl^H marked the appearance of the winners e.juj^^H patriotic outburst that met the ju'oiloo oHH Mr. Harry Rickards' series of character tions were applauded and encored to thefl^H distraction, and the spectators, not contefl^H his new subjects, demanded old successes that would take no denial. Mr. Tom funny turn, his songs and dances; Miss EmfljjH dale's serio.comic sketch; and the vertical of the Avolos, attracted the wonder and adffljH of country visitors, just as strongly as thnflHH of the Opera House. Mr. J. "VV. Winton and hH Mr. Athas and Miss Lizzie Collins, Mr. ChaBSH and MiBB Nellie Sheldon, kept the olio hrflHH the ballad-singers of the first part, Miss AdHH Miss Mackay, and Mr. Fred. Duncan con^^H some of their best numbers to the week's ment, the Wednesday matinee included. nights are announced of Mr. Richards, Mrj^^H twell, Miss Lyndale, The Avolos, and the ci^^H graphe. Their places will be taken by soiJHH comers, for Mr. Kickards' engageiaent-boojjKB no break. 