ARALUEN. (Fbom ouk Co-respondent.) Mining.— Mining has brightened up slightly this past week or two. Perhaps the warm and genial weather has instilled new life into the miners and the green grass has evidently done the sime for the horses. Jenniogs's claim paH ten shillings back money last week, this h a good sign of improve ment. This claim has been the backbone of the Valley for a long limr, fighting against all sorts of odds and opposition, but still it keeps its end up and employs a large number of men and boys. No one would be sorry to see them strike a phenomenal patch as it would benefit bo rainy. The 'Jays' fiud that . there is any amount of scope for enlarging their company, so they have decide] t j take in several shareholders, which meaiis an improveineut to the [ilint and perhaps the management. It is understood that ihete is an extensive area of new ground to be negotiated which i'b supposed to be fairly rich. The ' Big Engine Claim,' managed by the ener getic Mr, P GdDcsp, is advancing with rppi.i strides. They expect ti wath this week with a new box, lately built by Mr, H. Ribiuson, which is supposed to be without an equal iu the district an i guaran teed to save every speck. Barrett's claim will be washing again in a week or two. The inrush of water since the lust rain put them back considerably. Muoday'a claim has given up the ghost after many years of ups and downs. The fosBi kers and ground sluicers up Deep Creek are revelling in a plentiful - supply of water and waxing fat on the smile of better times. Another correspondent ('Diogenes') writes:— A large and thoroughly representative meeting of the young gents of Ara'uen and vicinity was held io the Young Men's Hill a few night back for tbe purpote of forming a social club. The proceed ings throughout were most enthusiastic. Mr. J. Couuolly occupied the chair. A number of those present were strongly in favour of the club being called tbe 'Timberoo,' but it was ultimately decided after a sharp debate that it should be designated the 'Ar*luen Social Club.' The entrance fee was fifed at the rather extravagant sum of sixpence. It was proposed that a social be .held monthly, but upon it being pointed out that such a course would entail enormous expense, as every social would cost each member a whole shilling at once fell swoop, as it were, it was agreed to have them quarterly. The next nutter that came before the meeting was tbe question of tucker, some economical persons (anti-liickerites) arguing that eatables were not permissible at social gather ings, but the vast majority (luckeriles) being in favour of ?' prog,' it was eventually arranged that corned beef sandwiches should be provided, trutthd turkey an I champagne being rigidly exclude,! on the score of expense. A committee of seven were appointed to carry nut the objects of ibe meeting. Immediataly after their appointment a gentleman, in an eloquent and forcible speech, moved a vote of confidence in them individually and oollectively, which was carried uuanirnously. Tbe ioitial social is to take place in four weeije from the date of tl)e meeting. The chairman was accorded a hearty vote of thanks for (he able and inipirtial manner io whjgb be discharged the queroua duties appertaining to hisbonoralilefcndreeposiWenosjtioo. The compliment was acknowledged iu suitable ami graceful terms. At the conclusion of the business a large number planked down their ' taonere,' fully ten shillings being scooped in. It speaks well for the law abiding character of the people of Araluen that the j tint Secr.Urie* aud Treaiurers were able to convey such a Urge sum to a place of safety without being iu any way molested, although the night was dark, apd they were unarmed. 