MAIL NEWS. Miscellaneous* From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — A Judge of the Supreme Court in America has decided that a divorced wife hes no right to ubc the name of her former husband. — A husband divorced his wife in America because Bhe indulged in mixed bathing at a seaside resort. During a dramatic performance in Texas a cow boy in the audience, carried away by excitement, drew his pistol and fired at the villain in the piece who was abducting the heroine. He missed the villain, the bullet passing through the shoulder of the heroine. A lady lost her life iu Paris through nursing her sick lap-dog. The animal out of apparent gratitude licked hi3 mistress, and this led to her contracting the dog's distemper, her death resembling hydrophobia. Verdi has completed hie 84th year, and was deco ? rated on his birthday by the King of Italy. Though in the best of health, he is now composing his funeral mass. At the Battersea Polytechnic young women who wish to qualify themselves as professional milliners, dressmakers, and cooks now enjoy the same facilities rs are ativen to young men who wish to folio w some technical trade. The Cat Show has been held at the Crystal Palace, many very beautiful specimens of the feline jrace being ou view. The massive cat which for the second year was awarded the Challenge Cup was priced at £2500. A vessel larger than the Great Eastern is being constructed for the White Star Line. The largest vessel in the British merchant service, the Monaicb, has been making her trial trip. )She will carry a cargo of 18,000 tons,— The metal 01 a battleship recently launched at Portsmouth weighed 4500 tons. Possibly the oldest woman in existence resides iu county Clare, and is declared to Its 116 years old. She lives alone, and with the exception of being slightly deaf, possesses all her faculties, walks erect, her eyesight being unimpaired. — The mother of the Wesleyaa minister at Wilmslow completed her 100th year recently. She is in vigorous Health. — An inmate of West Ham Infirmary celebrated her 100th birthoay. A nun in Boulogne is about to celebrate her 100th birthday. She took tbe vows 80 years ago, and since then has not left the convent. Over a hundred' machines are now used iu London Board schools to teach the girls typewriting. A clock has been erected at Piccadilly ^circus, to be seen day or night. The hands are illumiuated by electricity, and the figures indicated 'by electric stars. The Liberator festates of Gulea Hall (Romford), Chingford and. Tilbury, sold by auction, realised £135,000.— Bryn Castle, Wales, which has the repu tation of being haunted, was sold by auction, the 'ghost ' being included in the sale. — Pobcies on the life of .fabez Balfour are to be put up for auction in London. .The convict is now .54 years of age. . A report ''on the'b6ard;ng-out of pauper children stated'- that one boy- who had grown iip in the house of his nurse', or foster-mother had married her, she being a widow. : .-=-.- **;&# inventor claiaief tohave discovered a system of gnmniii/g or cementing' -fabrics which will make an* end of sewing. '; ,'?'?; At a foreign sailors' lodging-house iu East London there is a penny ~in«theisiot machine for dispensing blessings in the -^own of printed slips to Moham meaans. Upon the machine being opened it was found that- not a few of the blessings had been ob tained by1 r means of dummy money instead of real coins. \- A- number of men clerks aud others who are said to have offended against the law and suffered the penalty have-iormed themselves in a ' Society of Eeformers ' in East London, their object being to rid themselves of the terrible ' shadow ' of the blackmailer, who prevents them rehabilitating their moral character.; ,.' An Austrian engineer, following the lines of an English inventor, claims to have discovered how to produce smokeless fires. He has provided au auto matic stoker which places jbhe coal on the fire in such a way that all. smoke is consumed. . Air is admitted to the under part of the furnace only. A Frenchman is converting the web of the spider into silk oi tie most beautif al and fairy-like fineness. The end of the web is canght while it is still attached to the spider and is wound on to tiny bobbins. The railway companies are sorely perplexed over the question of conveying bicycles safely and easily by rail; Dozens of schemes for securing the cycles to the sideB or topB of the vans have been experimented with by different railways, but the ideal device has not yet been discovered. Wooden stands, covering the whole floor space of a van, are found to preserve the bicycles from damage, but only 16 machines can be put into a van so fitted, against 40 to 50 accom modated in an ordinary van. Over 11,000 cycles were booked from Liverpool-street alone during August, as macy as 1012 being sent in one day, eo that any decrease in the capacity of vans (of which as many as possible are already added to the trains) would actually make ' trains for cycles only ' au occasional necessity. The railways have to be pre pared for anything now that everyone cycles. It is on record that one day at Bognor an ordinary train was besieged by 300 cyclists, all demanding tran&por-; tation for themselves and their wheels ! The King of Corea has had himself proclaimed Huang- ti, equivalent to Emperor, and making him of equal rank with the Emperor of China. The words Ruang-ti mean ' Son of Feaven,' ' Euler by the Grace of God,' anl imply the function of fixing the holy days. For thousands of years the ruler of China has done this, but now be has fallen on evil days, for the Mikado and the Corean monarch make their own calendars. The ' Daily Chronicle ' correspondent at Vic toria (B.C.) has been collecting information as to Klondyke. All the claims of any value have been staked out, prices being from £40 to £100 per lineal foot, so that no man with less than £5000 to £10,000 can hope to.buy a good piopaity. The thousands of newcomers will have to strike new ground orwork for daily wages. The scarcity of food is shown by the fact that flour in Daweon city was worth £10 a bag of 501b., and eggs were a dollar apiece. Many experienced miners are now leaving Klondyke to escape the approaching famine. The amount of gold taken out last year has been ridiculously exaggerated, not more than £300.000 having been cleaned up as the result of the winter's work. ' On the other hand, over one miilon sterling has been spent on this summer's rush alone. From 50,000 to 100,000 men are expected next spriog. 