THE SINUOUS FLIGHT OF THE FEATHERED ARROW. TO THE EDITOR OF THE KALGOORLIE MINEit Sm, — It seems to me that ' Feathered Arrow' must have pi other 'Saviour of the Feather ' up his sleeve^ — some notoriety hunter whom he is anxious to be requested -to trot out. Now, as ' Feathered Arrow'' has kept his ' Son of Sheol ' so long, behind the scenes, I suggest that he be charged full adver tisement rates when he announces that the ghost is ready to appear. In his first screed,' ' Feathered Arrow ' re minded me of the bloke who pointed a repeating rifle at a crow, Avith the result that he wounded his wife''' and kid, killed the dog and cat, and smashed the mirror. The crow escaped. But what in the name of the holey buck quartz is ' F. A.' aiming at ? he begins by attempting to criticise ' Makaura.' He objects to him using a certain word which 'F.A.' calls a 'phrase.' The arrogant, dogmatie, cocksure, dictatorial tone of the censors of Professor Krau.se could not have been expressed by a more appropriate word than -that of the '? haughty Don.' Then he goes on to say that Morris' party, Sim's party, nor any other party discovered the- cement lead, and neither is Hannan the prospec tor of Kalgoorlie nor McAuliffe of the Feather. He winds up by what is seem ingly meant fora panegyric on somebody. It is not. clear whom. He only makes one clear and positive assertion in his whole rigmarole, which is in praise of your local correspondent, but this was wholly uncalled for. If '.F.A.'s' screed is not utter nonsense, what, by .the fumes of gelignite, is it ?' In his second screed ' F.A.' begins to sling his .bosh about .with -an -air of dignity. He is going to. prove something ' up to the Jiilt,' and begins it with a preposterous misstate ment. That ' Makaura ' denounced 'the bursting up 6t the cement monopoly ' is pure bunkum. I ? think George Henderson has got a deserved Rosalind for his Oliver. Why does ' F.A.' waste time in attempting to prove negatives? If he knows any thing of interest about ' cement saviours' or 'prospectors,' let him out with it or else shut up. No body wants to know about the man who did not strike Buckley. He reminds me of the fellow accused of shifting pegs. Four witnesses swore to seeing him do it. In defence he said he. could call 20 men who never saw him do it. ' F.A.'s ' arguments are in keeping with the defence. — I am, etc., ZARANSKI PHOXOFORNIOFF. Kanowna, December 28. 