FOR THE CHILDREN. A WANDERING LAMB. (Written for the "Children's Column" of the "Examiner" by Bertha Adams.) CHAPTER III. The frost had frozen the water drops, which had touched the rocks ill their, uprising, into long crystal icicles, and she picked, some off, holding them, in her hand awhile till they half melted, tihen she wiped her glove on, her dress, and stood looking bothup and . dow1n-down to a little long winding: track strewn with gum leaves, and, up the bush to a wider one leading off in to dense masses of tea-tree scrub. "I will run vee pwettiest way," she said; so she turned and ran down the narrow\est. The little spring had formed itself! into a creek a.nd flowed down beside it, through the trees and brushwood, She followed it till the path ended abruptly about half a. mile down, and the creek, evidently joined by the waters of another spring, swirled foanming' over rough stones and through jagged rocky passes, till it lay in dee~p, darkl pools under the ha.iing native scrub. Louey was in a deep gully, and though she noticed it not., only llthe tops of the highest tirees were lit by the sun, for, altihoughl it w\\\s still high in the sky, she had come down such a, ste.cp i'ack that the trees on every side shut. outl the suln shine and wra.ppled the gully in. shaidow. .\ kang'roo rat sat on a. crisp white e stone and blinked stupidly ati her, for lie was cold-, alld a canning' sun!beam hlad enticed 'him outi of his cosy house,. nmuiiing hin believe, tiha.t sunmner had come again. "\\\oolly one, woolly one!" called :LouLy, softl'ly, bult the `"wooly one" snitfed the air, and' crept, away sbhivering', for even. i hroui ch his furry coa.l, the cold was; nipping his bones. I here were little g'listening castles Iand mina.ret; reared on the tw.ig's which overhnag' the creek where the r spry;' haI leapt and gaurgledl to meet the gully's scanty allowance of sun shine, but which the Ice .King' had o seized in his cold lingers. She. put her ing'ers into sonie of these Tairy tc: "stles, il iw"ingi oil' her glove to see houw pink they looked through the white walls, but ihecy imelted and fell to t.heir iiimotlier's bosom again, and. she sent t.hem ga'rgling down through. the :frost filled gullies. She played for ai long, long while, then gatldhered n bundle of slticks-suchli ai g"reat Iiindle--nlld evetrything" was eso white, and sparkling, and clear, n that she felt as if she were in a. cold, n wonderful fairyulald. 2A keen wind' came whistling diovwn the ta":ck, and c caught at her little hood, trying to n seize it froim her. She could no o Jonger hear the st.rokes of her fatheir's axe, but unlthinking'ly went waandering" on, anld on, anid on. e At last the creek with its foaming vwater stopped, anid a grl'ea.t wall of t heaped brushwood rose right in front of her. Tl'here was still the sound of" s gurgling' wrater near, but it seemed to be falling from some height, and' she could see none anywheire, for the. Scireek haid disalppeanred uinlder the greiat 'wa.ll. There w?as a subduecd booming' all round the child, and s.he beganu to 1 grow frig'htened. A dim, iunfat'ilom able horror crept over the childish d soul; a chill feeling of terror rose a(nd froze her ,lheart within her. Sithe e turned to go back, but .there was no. Strack, and being frighltened she grew Sconfused. The wind cami wailing Snow down the g'Illy, sw\eeping her little dress round and round, and seemed to be trying" to push her for Swanrd into the wall. We hat lay be'yond tlhat wall? WVhat lay below it? Wha.t made ilthat terrible s booming' noise, nid where .had the water gone to? "ar,-ac.k," the cry rose. and ended in atifid in .-c.r'if wail. "JTa-ack," canmi a voice echoing from somewhere beyond that , wall. n terrible horror suddenly possessed' t ier, and she screaniedI-u ill the gully ranig again, "Jack! Jack! Tiackl!" bhut again the voice repeated her words, 0 and she raised lher hands and covered her face to slihu t out, the horror. A. li sliht ipath seemed 1o rn11n alon 110 ho. 0 wall, and not knowing wxhiat she did, she followed it', inoaning andl solbing.. Suiddenly as she went, on somnctthing ga've way where shei was wilking'. and d seizing some ofi the deuldwood 0 branches she fell. Terror- sliruck. she triedt to tull hlier feet out ofi the hollow 'place,' iti solie pricdly shrub hiehlind Slier ilhad tfiglht hold of her dress, alnd " ibe lower bleak branches 'omposing SparIt of the wall were pinning her Sinidericlotlhec s tightly down so tllnat she coiild lmove ncither one '1way nor the n oflther. She stopped sercarinig after a. while, for below her the words she spoke r \\\were being' repea.ted, and the weird, c unseen speaker terrified the poor n little chill nlilosf to prialysation. e She whispered, "I vway ,Jesus will Sph'ase sendl .l:lclk to lift. me out. I lpwa'y ecsus will tell JTack where I is. A long, long time issedl, andil the Siullly grew 'full of weird shadlows. e She hadl never in the whole of ]her 0 1bby life been friglhteined with ghosts, or she might have diedi then a"nd there. "It xwals not lhe fear of theml which e frighltened her; tlhere was no,thing' llangible in helr erro. onl y he din e unlllcno\\\wn shapes whlich night was ) sendling downi, and the weird soundl amon'g the rust-ling leaves. It seemed r to grow colder and colder; to her lips camne the w'ords of Ihe hymn her m7 iother was teaehinig her last night- "Now the dau is over, Night is drawing nigh; Shadows of vea evening c Steal alkwoss veo sky. p Jesus-" D She had forgotten the rest, and her feeth were chattering so that she could say no more. Suddenly a waiI rose up from the darkness below her,. Swhich froze 'the b1lood in hlier veins; Sthe perspiraltion came out uponi her forehad; hier flesh creplt; and then ' there was a souDul of somethiing Sscratclhing' upwards trough the bushes g at her side. Something large and a furry, with sharp clIws, brushed s against] her legs, scrambled up by her dress, then fled away into tile shadows s over thle crackling twigs. h The dt;y was drhawing' quickly to a close, alnd Jack was searching for L oney. The fire had almost gone out. Ii The wvo'od was piled in neat heaps in a desert of white chips, and Jack's taxe, hwit .the mall and wedges, were .standing beside the wood, only wait ing to be taken home. For an hour he had been searching now. There was a cold wind moan ing in and out of the leafless, ringed gums, alnd somle hawks were numking a curious, weird noise. amonlo the dead branches. There had been foot marks in the frost down part of the widest paths, but after a. few hundred yards they stopped, for the ground was frozen too hard for Loucy's feet to have made any imupression whatever. It was rapidly growing darker, and he was feeling terribly uneasy, for the child had always come back to him long before this at other times, and there was evidently a storni brewing. "Louey! Louey!" he called, but there was no answer, and the restless whispering and rustliilg of the leaves betokened to his experienced ears a near storm. When lie reached the rock at the end of the great path, instead of turning into the gully, he passed round the rock, never dream ing that the child had cut off into the smaller track, but following the large one on. "What. can have come to..the child?" he said anxiously to himself. "Loney! Loney!" he called again, but every moment he was further fr'onm where she had turned down, and no sound could she hear. "What am I to do?" he groaned to himself. "What a stafte Maggie will be in!" It grew so dark at last that he saw it would be no use going on, for still there was no answer to, his calling, and he might be wrong after all. "1'11 hurry home and get a lantern," hlie thought; so he turned and ran all the way, thinking only of his wife's anxiety and his little one's terrible fright.. (To be Continued.) e 