f|^:THE: QMNGE S0C1EW. 'what the twelfth of july cele ?;;;...;');-' ? bration means. '''A' 'Festival' of Persecution, Plunder, and , ..,' Plots Against Civil and Religious Liberty. 'the attempt to dep1uve queen victoria of the .,'„.'' . CROWN. «? The Orange Society,' just issued by the Rev. H. ' W. Cleary.may be described as a very reasonable and very seasonable production. It is reasonable be : cause the author puts his case, and arrays his argu ments without bitterness or over-colouring ; it is sea sonable because the volume, published by Bernard King and Co., Lonsdale-street, Melbourne, makes its appearance on the eve of the Twelfth of July Cele bration. The author had ' a motive and a cue for passion'— if he were so disposed— in the attempt of the local Orangemen to defy the law and create a riot at Brunswick last July ; in the revelations of Orange intrigue at the late Post Office Inquiry ; and in the unsuccessful Orange manoeuvring to stop the last St. Patrick's Day procession in Melbourne. The Rev. author, in his introductory remarks, briefly touches on these 'incidents.' He refers specially to the evidence given by Orangemen at the ' Post Office Inquiry, as reported in the Melbourne ' daily press. One witness admitted that the Depart ' ment and its officers came under discussion in the Lodge, and that anonymous letters were written to ; the Department against a Catholic named Sullivan, falsely accusing him of theft. Having shown from a local standpeint the necessity of presenting Orangeism. in its true light the author, relying : entirely on non-Catholic and independent authori ties, in a calm, judicial manner traces the Orange Society from its foundation, explains its objects, and ' leave his readers to judge Orangeism on the records of history. The documents which turn a search-light into the secret recesses of the Lodge are contained in sundry Blue Books, such as the voluminous Reports of the ? British Parliamentary Committees appointed in 1835 to inquire into the origin and working of the Orange institution ; the reports of the several Royal Commissions of Inquiry ; the journals of the House of Commons ; and a number of books that have a limited circulation ameng the masses of the reading public, such as the -works of Plowden, Madden, Mitchel, Sir Jonah Barrington, Barry O'Brien, Lecky, Killen, ' M.P.,' divers histories, volumes of letters and speeches, etc. All these are drawn up in the very interesting, very accurate, and very valuable volume under notice. 'Could his Majesty, King William (of Orange) learn in the other world that he has been the cause of more broken heads and drunken men since his departure than all his predecessors, he must be the proudest ghost and most conceited skeleton that ever entered the gardens of Elysium.' Thus wrote an Orangeman, Sir Jonah Barrington, in his 'Personal Sketches.' The quoted passage applies to the breaches of the peace and the general confusion which have been, ever since 1796, the ordinary ac companiment of the typical Orange celebration of the Williamite victories in Ireland. Since its rise, in 1795, the Orange Society has left its impress on the history of Ireland. On its fortieth anniversary, in 1835, it had a compact party in Parliament ; had honeycombed the army and every department of the Public Service ; and had in its ranks consider ably over a quarter of a million of armed civilians, all under the supreme and irresponsible control of its ' Imperial Grand Master,' the Duke of Cum berland, who was at that time an aspirant to the throne. In the pursuit of their ' forward' policy, the brethren calmly and triumphantly defied magis terial and Yice-Regal proclamations ; overrode Acts of Parliament (such as the Party Processions and Oaths Acts) ; withstood, with arms in their hands, the forces of the Crown ; systematically, and on a vast scale, tampered with the loyalty of the nation's last resource — the army. THE SOCIETY IN THE COLONIES. At the present day Ulster is the headquarters of the Orange Association ; the west of Scotland is a good ally ; Canada — and especially the province of Ontario— has the most active and energizing of the colonial offshoots of the society ; Australia is a land of promise. Each colony has its Grand Lodge, with its scattered groups of dependent district and private lodges — moved here and there, in a halting and tentative way, by the spirit of federation that is in the air. The latest affiliated lodge opened in Vic toria up to the end of August, 1S96, was numbered 168. West Australia claims sixteen lodges, and close on a thousand brethren. New South Wales is looked up to by the Australian fraternity as the Ulster of the group. The first Australian lodge was founded at Sydney— in defiance of the orders of the commander-in-chief — by one Corporal M'Kee of the 17th regiment, in 1833. The Australian colonies have not, thus far, wit nessed the full blossom and fruit of Orangeism, as displayed in Ulster and in Canada. This is not, however, due to any difference in principles of con duct — such do not exist; it is the result of fewer opportunities, or smaller possibilities of activity. Nevertheless, the society that exists in Yictoria has had its experience of riot so far back as 1846. It has tasted blood in the wounding of Jeremiah Den worth (1896), and the death of the boy Cross, who was shot from the windows of the Grand Lodge, Melbourne, in November, 1882. Nor is it due to any forbearance on the part of Victorian Orangeism that the life of one of the most distinguished states man of this colony, Sir JohnO'Shanassy, was saved from the assassin's bullet on the occasion of the memorable ' demonstration' of July 12th, 1846. Its thews and sinews are not as yet hard knit enough to exhibit the bold and triumphant defiance which Ulster Orangeism offers to Party Processions Acts. It has nevertheless, both in Melbourne and the pro vinces, made repeated efforts to evade the provisions of the Statute. TWELFTH OF JULY ' DEMONSTRATIONS.' The typical Twelfth of July demonstration, as contemplated by the society and carried out in Ulster, consists of two leading features :— 1. The oratorical display, consisting of sermons, speeches, toasts, &c.; 2\. What may be termed the theatrical display, which consists mainly of public processions, with the use of party emblems and colours, party tunes and cries. The Orange rule-books, &c;, term the twelfth of July 'the anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne.' The battle was fought, not on the 12th, but on the 1st of July, IG9Q. Any celebrations of the event that may have taken place must have been held on the 1st of July, until 1752, the year in which England tardily adopted Pope Gregory XIII.'s reformed Julian calendar. According to the Gregorian calendar, 12th July, new style, corres ponds with 1st July, old style. In selecting 12th July for their anniversary, Orangemen are paying a perhaps unconscious tribute to the memory of a great and good Pope, whom their orators would denounce as the Man of Sin. What do Orangemen celebrate on the ' Glorious Twelfth' ? William III, says Lecky., 'is identified in Ireland with the humiliation of the Boyne, ?with, the destruction of Irish trade, and with the broken Treaty of Limerick.' This treaty made by Catholics guaranteed full liberty to all religions. Another bitter memory recalled by Orange demon strations is that of one of the chief results of the battle of the Boyne and the fall of Limerick : the long agony of suffering and wrong inflicted on Irish Catholics by the Penal Laws. This fearful code ' began under William.' Whatever may have been his personal ideas of religious toleration, he certainly 'never offered any serious of determined opposition to the anti- Catholic laws which began in his reign.' This is all the more remarkable, since he possessed ' the Royal veto, which could have arrested any portion of the Penal Code.' While exercising the veto in England, he failed to put it into execution as far as Ireland was concerned, even though he was bound to it by the solemn treaty to which he was himself a party. The Penal Laws passed during the reigns of William and Anne were, says Walpole, 'of a character quite unparalleled, and were in flagrant violation of the Treaty of Limerick.' A glance at the main provisions of the Irish Penal Code— the fruit of the Williamite victory — will enable anyone to enter to some extent into the feel ings with which the celebration of the ' glorious revolution' and the ' Glorious Twelfth' is viewed by Irish Catholics. THROUGH ORANGE AND GREEN GLASSES. To the Irish Orangeman and the Irish Catholic the Revolution of 1688, the battle of the Boyne, the fall of Limerick, and the triumph of William of Orange bring very different — even opposite — sets of memories. The successful rebel is ever, in the eyes of many, a hero. The rebels who fought under the Prince of Orange against King James were successful. The loyalist Irish Catholics who vainly fought for a worthless, but hereditary Sovereign — ? ' to 'whom,' cays Lecky, ' all classes have oworn al legiance' — suffered by the Revolution as they had suffered by the Restoration ; they were penalized for their fidelity to James as well as for their fidelity to Charles. They have, moreover, suffered ever since. So much for loyalty to the Crown. The triumph which Orangemen celebrate did not consist in any commercial advantage that it brought to the country at large ; for William III. (Prince of Orange) did what lay in his power to ruirn the Irish woollen trade and cripple the resources ofc the country. What the Orangemen set in the fore front, what they were long sworn to maintain — evera at the cost of their loyalty to the throne — what they still long to see revived, is the party ascendency which the Williamite victory conferred on the triumphant minority,. THE BISH OP THE SOCIETY IN IRELAND. It is the modern claim of the Orangemen that their society was founded in Ireland to ' defend the Bible and the throne — to preserve civil and religious liberty.' What are the facts ? In 1791 (four years before Orangeism was founded) the Society of United Irishmen, which, says Lecky, ' consisted originally chiefly of Protestants,' was formed ' to provide a union of friendship between Irishmen of every religious persuasion, and to forward a full, fair, and adequate representation of all the people in Parlia ment.' The reader will seek in vain, among the re cords of this time, for an indication of fear on the part of the Protestant body that 'the Church was in danger,' and needed a special organization for its defence in 1795. Before the end of that fateful year, the outrages of the early Orangemen, copying the methods of the brutal and illiterate 'Peep O* Day Boys,' rudely broke the bond of brotherly feeling which had been long and steadily growing ?up between Catholic and Protestant in Ireland. The inaugural revelry of the lodges gave rise to a. ' fierce revival of religious animosities,' which 'left an enduring root of bitterness in Irish life.' In the year when the Orange Society arose, Irish Protestants, even in those parts of the country where they were a small minority of the population, evidently felt that their religion had nothing to fear from their Catholic fellow-subjects. Much less had they to fear in the County of Armagh, where the first Orange lodge was founded in 1795. Lord Camden, the Viceroy, who was sent over to Ireland in that year to superintend the work of goading the people into insurrection, informed the English Go vernment that the Protestants (Episcopalians) were ' the most numerous' body in the County of Ar magh. Lord Gosford, the Protestant Governor of the County in 1795, wrote to Pelham that the Pro testants were 'greatly superior in strength' to the Catholics in Armagh. Plowden, a contemporary historian, states that 'the County of Armagh is the most Protestant (Episcopalian) county in Ireland. It Is in great part a species tof tinglish colony.'' 'Writing of the period w*n-eh. Orangeism arose, ' JLecky says : — ' In the Gtotfinty of Armagh the Pro 1 *estants were decidedly in the ascendant,' and fihat they were ' considerably stronger than the Catho lics.' The Protestant historian, Lecky, says that the Irish Catholics in 1795 (the birth year of Qrange 5sm) 'could point with pride to their perfect loyalty for the space of a hundred years- in spite of the Penal Laws, of the rebellions of lflo and 1715, and the revolt of the colonies.' At the time of the volunteer movement ' they were perfectly peaceful, and, indeed, quiescent.' In 1793, during the debate on the Catholic Relief Bil1, Lord Arthur Wellesley declared in the Irish House of Commons that the Catholic body were ' ao loyal and trustworthy as any other, of his Majesty's subjects.' : A REIGN OP TERROR. The undoubted facts of history show that the ?early Orange association, from the first day of its ?existence under the new designation, was of a dis tinctly aggressive character. This is proved by the .'whole course of its early policy towards the Catholic body, which may be briefly summed up as folio ws : (1) terrorizing by threatening notices; (2) house 1 ?wrecking, house-burning, and other forms of de struction of the property of Catholics ; (3) plunder ing and confiscation ; (-1) depriving Catholic labourers and artisans of employment ; (5) whole sale banishment of Catholics ; (6) murder , (7) out lawing, or depriving Catholics of their civil rights. Be it noted that this poi;*:y of the early Orange lodges was(l) carried out .systematically, {I) agninst an unresisting minority of the population of Armagh county, (3) on a vast scale, and (4) for a consider able period. What has come to be known as the Orange Reign of Terror began with the foundation of the first lodge in. 1795. This first phase of ' the Orange disturbances,' with which alone we are at at present concerned, continued till 1797. This was succeeded by the systematic and still more cruel ; ill- treatment and torture of the unhappy people, for the purpose of provoking the ill-fated insurrection ?which broke out in 1793. DEFENDERS OF RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. It is obviously impossible to estimate the number of Catholics that were killed, forced on board trans ports, sold, or sent ' to Hell or Connaught' between 1735 and 1797, during the inaugurated fury of the Orange lodges. According to Lord Gosford's state ment, as early as December 28, 1795, ' more than half the population' of Armagh had been driven out of their homes. On the 26th of October, 1796, the distinguished orator, Curran (a Protestant), offered, in the Irish House of Commons, to produce Bworn evidence that not less than 1400 Catholic families - had been barbarously expelled from their houses, or murdered, or burned in their cottages, or had died of fatigue or famine in the fields or highways ; and that the same fearful scenes were still being enacted In open day, without any effectual interference. The Rev. James Gordon (a Church of England clergyman and contemporary historian, whose sons 'were members of the fraternity) gives the number of Catholic families who were forcibly expelled by the Orangemen as 'fourteen hundred, according to the most probable account.' This estimate is confirmed by two well-known Protestant eye-witnesses — Mr. Stuart of Acton, and Rev. Mr. Stuart of Armagh — who made ouc a list which brought the victims of the Orange reign of terror to over 7000 persons. This is likewise the estimate made by what Lecky terms the ' evidently truthful 'Memoir' ' presented to the Government in 1798 by the truthful United Irish leaders, Emmet, O'Connor, and M'Nevin. The well-informed contemporary writer, 'Observer,' whose 'View of the Present State of Ireland' appeared in 1797, states that in Armagh county alone seven hundred families ' were driven to poverty and desolation, their houses burned, and their property destroyed by Orangemen.' Lord Moira (a Protestant noble man), in a letter to Secretary Pelham (October 19, 1796), enclosed a list of ninety-one of his own tenants who had been expelled from their homes.' .' Most of them,' he says, l- have had their little property either destroyed or taken ; many of them have been cruelly wounded.' No dissenting clergyman in England, and only . . two clergymen of any persuasion in Scotland, 1 appear to have joined the institution. Considering that one of the chief avowed objects of the Orange Society was to perpetuate the political ascendency of the members of the established creed, at the ex pense of the remainder of the population of the country, it is not a matter of surprise that the Presbyterians (who forrnei the great bulk of the Protestant Dissenters in the North) should, as a body, have held aloof from membership of the association. In England, the Dissenters were strictly excluded from membership of the Orange lodges. The English Orangemen were strongly opposed to the admission of members of other Pro testant Churches to political rights and privileges. In & Grand Committee meeting, held in April, 1832, 'Brother' Eedes hotly condemns the ' repeal of the Corporation ani the Test Act' (182S) as 'an act of political dislocation, tending to political dis solution.' The 'Imperial Grand Master,' the Duke of Cumberland, was in the chair, and the sentiment seems to have met with the concurrence of all those -' champions of civil and religious liberty' who were present. ? . t ITS HACK BROKEN. The Orange Lodge kept up a reign of terror in Ireland, and, for the matter of that, in England, till 1835\. Then its back was broken. It had invaded the highest offices of the State. In spite of stringent military regulations, it had corrupted the fidelity arid interfered with the discipline of a great part of the army. It had, according to its secretary, Swan, some 220,000 men in Ireland, and (by the report of the English Parliamentary Committee) 120,000 to 140,000 in England. This great body of men were 'mostly armed,' and all ready to shoulder their muskets and march at the command of the Imperial Grand Master, H.R.H. Ernest, Duke of Cumber land. This autocrat of the society used the Royal arms, presided in Regal State at the Grand Lodge meetings in London, and was styled by the English Grand Lodge 'the nearest to the throne.' 'William IV. was visibly nearing the close of his days. Both in and out of Parliament the Orange Association was stated to be engaged in a vast con spiracy to alter the succession to the throne— .to set aside the just claims of the Princess (now Queen) Victoria, and to place the Crown of England on the head of the Imperial Grand Master, Cumberland, 'the hoary tyrant of Hanover,' as O'Connell designated him. The whole conduct of the Orange leaders, and the correspondence of their Deputy^Grand Secretary, Fairman, lent a strong support to the charge of conspiracy, while the sub sequent revelations showed that the organization, by reason of its aims, methods, secrecy, and vast resources of armed physical force, was a standing menace to the peace of the Empire. Parlia ment took alarm. A Select Parliamentary Com mittee was appointed to inquire into and report upon the origin, working, and tendency of the Orange Society in Ireland. The disquieting revela tions made before the Irish Committee soon led to the appointment of another Select Committee to inquire into Orangeism in Great Britain and the colonies. Orangemen in Parliament opposed the motion tooth and nail— they had already had more than enough of inquiry. The motion was, however, carried by a large majority. The Select Committees were composed almost altogether of Protestants of every shade of political opinion, and included seve ral leaders of the incriminated association. Although the Orange witnesses summoned refusd to reveal any of the secret plcttings, it was practically decided to prosecute the Duke of Cumberland. Few, even among the leaders of colonial Orangeism, have any idea of the evidence which in 1835 laid bare the secrets of the well-' tyled' Grand Lodge, and felled the institution at the moment when its final triumph was at hand, and when (as distinguished Protestant historians maintain) the famous conspi racy was well-nigh matured, which was to set aside the Princess (now Queen) Victoria, and to place upon the throne of England the Imperial Grand Master, Ernest, Duke of Cumberland. The public were on the tiptoe of expectation of seeing, in due course, the King's brother and his as sociates of the Imperial Grand Lodge placed in the dock on a charge of high treason; ' but mean while,' says Killen, ' Hey wood, the chief witness against the conspirators — in an agony of excitement, created by a sense of the peculiarly dangerous posi tion in which he stood — burst a blood-vessel and died. . . . Under the influence of alarm, all the English lodges were abruptly dissolved (by Cumber land), and, as the party was thus thoroughly humbled, it was deemed expedient not to press a formidable combination to extremities, and to give up the prosecution.' The revelations regarding the Vd.st physical strength of the fraternity, and the extent to which they had tampered with the fidelity of the army, produced ' a universal sense of danger in the leaders of all parties,' and it was deemed ' not safe to drive them (the Orangemen) to resentment or despair.' The prosecution was therefore abandoned. THE SOCIETY SUPPRESSED BY KING AND PARLIAMENT. During the debate on the proposed prosecution of the Duke of Cumberland and the other Orange leaders (February 23, 1836), the following resolu tion, moved by Lord John Russell, was unanimously agreed to by the House of Commons : ' That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, praying that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to take such measures as to his Majesty seemed advisable, for the effectual dis couragement of Orange lodges, and generally of all political societies excluding persons of different faiths, using signs and symbols, and acting by asso ciated branches.' It is significant that the Orange leaders in the House of Commons had nothing to urge in either defence or extenuation of the conduct of the asso ciation. At the last moment, however, an attempt was made to induce Lord John Russell to omit the word 'Orange' from the resolution. This he de clined to do — determined that the verdict of the nation's representatives should be given directly against the Orange society. The address was pre sented to the King (William IV.), and on the 25th of February, 1836, he sent the following reply to House of Commons : ' I will willingly assent to the prayer of the ad dress of my faithful Commons that I will be pleased to take such measures as may seem to me advisable, for the effectual discouragement of Orange lodges, and generally of all political societies excluding per sons of different religious faiths, using signs and symbols, and acting by means of associated branches. It is my firm intention to discourage all such societies in my dominions, and I rely with confidence on the fidelity of my loyal subjects to support me in this determination.' A copy of the King's reply was sent by the Home Secretary to the Duke of Cumberland. It was at last evident, even to him, that Parliament and the nation had a surfeit of the ways of Orangeism, and that they were determined to rid the country of an association so menacing to its peace and prosperity. He bowed to the inevitable, and then, and not till then, ' took steps' to dissolve the Eng lish Orange institution. He had played a desperate game for high stakes, and lost. The English people experienced a sense of relief when he afterwards left the country to play the tyrant in little Han over. King William IV. had called upon all his loyal subjects to help him in putting down the Orange Society. The Grand Committee of the Irish Loyal Orange Institution met in Dublin]to consider the situation, and, after debate, passed a series of resolutions to the effect that the will of the King (even when backed by that of Parliament) was not law, and that, therefore, they were strongly ?' opposed to dissolution. The Irish Orange Institution was really never broken up, and, as Killen, the Presbyterian histo rian, says : — ' Notwithstanding the Disestablish ment of the Episcopal Church they (the Orange men) continue to keep up the unhealthy excitement among the lower orders of Protestants throughout the country.' AN ILLEGAL ASSOCIATION. Proofs there are by the ton- weight that the Orange Society was plainly illegal at common law, that it acted in direct opposition to the Horse Guards regulations, and that its processions and general policy were incompatible with the preserva tion of public order. Parliament had, with no uncertain voice, condemned the principles and policy of the association in almost every year from 1813 to 1825\. During the agitation for Emancipation, the association had become such a serious menace to public tranquillity that it was suppressed in Ireland by an Act of Parliament, passed in 1825. THE PLOT AGAINST QUEEN VICTORIA. The Rev. Mr. Cleary gives a most interesting account — based on official paperB and sworn evi dence— ot the Orange plot to keep Princess Victoria (now Queen) from the throne of England. The Duke of Cumberland tried every manner of means to become Regent. As far back as 1830, Fainnan, in setting forth the claims of Cumberland, referred slightingly to the Princess Victoria us being 'not alone a female, but a minor.' For a hundred and twenty years — ever since the days of Queen Anne— no woman had sat alone upon the throne of England. The Salic law, which prevailed in all the continental kingdoms of Europe, pro hibited the succession of females to the Crown. It existed in Hanover, whence Cumbeiland had come, and where, says Lord Brougham, he had ' formed his habits of thinking, and his political opinions.' Had it been in force in England, the succession would have devolved by right upon the Duke, who was the oldest surviving brother of William IV. Hence the fact of the young princess being merely a female was advanced by the loyal Orangemen as a pretext for setting aside her claims to the throne, even though her rights had been ratified by Act of Parliament. Had the Imperial Grand Master become Regent in the declining days of William IV., his position, backed by over a, quarter of a million of armed Orangemen and a disaffected army, would have easily enabled him to hoid his own against a comparatively unknown girl, who had little to depend upon beyond her virtue and her theoretical right. A deep purpose lay concealed in the defiant and feverish activity with which the Orange leaders systemati cally corrupted the fidelity of the army, and endeavoured to make it subservient to their schemes. Cumberland and his compeers had joined an association whose chief object is to com memorate a successful revolution which took place in 1688. On their own principles they could not seriously object to another ' glorious revolution' in 1837, by which not a de facto King, but a merely de jure Queen, whom they slighted, would be set aside in the interests of the Orange institution. Yet another rumour was set afluat at this period, which was well calculated to rouse the passions of the British public against the Princess Victoria. It was to the effect that, upon her accession, she would become ' a Papist.' In the state of the law and of public feeling on the subject of the Protestant succession, this was tantamount to an appeal to the people of England to set aside the claims of the young Princess. The rumour origi nated with Cumberland's party. It is unnecessary to state that the Imperial Grand Master was the only person who was likely to be benefited by the spread of such a groundless and apparently care £ully-planned tale. Among those who seem to have been most deeply implicated were Lords Kenyon, Wynford, Long ford, and Roden, the Duke of Gordon (Deputy Grand Master for Scotland), and the Marquis of Londonderry. The leading roles in the plot aTe, however, by general consent, assigned to the Duke of Cumberland and his intimate friend and familiar, Deputy- Grand Secretary Lieutenant- Colonel Blen nerhasset Fairman. Evidence directly incriminating the Duke of Cumberland and the Grand Lodge is not wanting. In October, 1835, one Heywood, a Sheffield Orangeman, stated, in the course of a letter to Lord Kenyon, that Fairman, during his tour in 1832, had been instructed by the Grand Lodge 'to sound, the brethren how they would be disposed, in the event of King William IV. being deposed, which was not improbable, on account of his sanctioning Reform in Parliament ; and that, that being so, it would become the duty of every Orangeman to support his Royal Highness, who would then in all probability be called to the throne.' Hey wood's letter appears in the report of the English Select Committee. Other letters on the same subject fell into the hands of Mr. Hume, a P/otestant M.P. He, with Mr. Finn, M.P., directly charged the Duke and his colleagues with heading a vast conspiracy to alter the succes sion to the throne. The London and Westminster Review, January to April, 1836, contains copies of a number of important letters bearing on the plot, which are not inserted in the report of the English Select Parliamentary Committee of 1835. The pub lishers offered to produce the originals in the event oftheDukeof Cumberland being prosecuted. They also published in cxtenso the sworn depositions of an Orangeman. We have it on the authority of a Protestant historian that proofs ' considered of too formidable a character by the Government of the day to be published in a Parliamentary Report exist in the hands of the gentlemen by whom that Committee was moved for.' Miss Martineau, a very reliable Protestant his torian, tells us that, in 1835-1836, members of the British Parliament 'were aware how the loyal Orangemen had listened to suggestions for making the Duke of Cumberland King, to prevent the usurpation of the Crown by the Duke of Welling ton ; expecting that William IV. would be superseded on an allegation of insanity, and the Princess Victoria because she was a woman and probably still a minor.' In her 'Thirty Years' Peace,' Miss Martineau also writes that the Grand Lodge scheme must have been ' a grave affair to the interests of the brethren, if we may judge by a letter of Lord Kenyon's to Colonel Fairman in January, 1833. 'The good cause,' writes his lord ship, ' is worth all the help that man can give it, but our only trust must be in God. In the last two years and a-half I have spent, I suspect, in its be half, nearer £20,000 than £10,000. The Government was satisfied with the break-up of the Orange Institution in England, and the complete exposure of the Cumberland plot. THE MAN WHO MIGHT HAVE BEEN KING. The character and antecedents of the Duke of Cumberland eminently fitted him for the headship of the Orange organization, and for a leading part in such an enterprize as that with which his name has been inseparably associated ever since 1836. He -was brother of the reigning King, William IV. Cumberland had learned his ideas of morality in the corrupt courts of the Georges, which, says an eminent historian of our time, had ' a full flavour, such as a decent tap-room would hardly exhibit in a time like the present.' There were few, if any, of the old roues of his day more cordially hated than the Imperial Grand Master of all the lodges. His brother, George IV., thus explained to the Duke of Wellington the cause of Cumberland's extreme un popularity : It was, said the king, ' because there never was a father well with a son, a husband with his wife, a lover with his mistress, cr a friend with his friend, that he (Cumberland) did not try to make mischief between.' His character is thus summed up by Mr. Justin M'Carthy : 'His manners were rude, overbearing, and some times even brutal. He had personal habits which seemed rather fitted for the days of Tiberius, or for the Court of Peter the Great, than for the time and sphere to which he belonged. Rumour not un naturally exaggerated his defects, and in the mouths of many his name was the symbol of the darkest and fiercest passions, and even crimes. Some of the popular reports with regard to him had. their foun dation only in the common detestation of hia charac ter and dread of his influence. But it was certain that he was profligate, sellish, overbearing, and quarrelsome. A man with these qualities would usually be described in fiction as, at all events,, bluntly honest and outspoken; but the Duke of Cumberland was deceitful and treacherous. He wa8 outspoken in his abuse of those with whom he quar relled, and in his style of anecdote and jocular con versation, but in no other sense.' The hiBtonan just quoted also refers to ' the Orange plot dis covered and exposed by Mr. Hume in 1835 for set ting aside the claims of the young Princess Victoria, and putting- himself —the Duke of Cumberland— upon the throne ; a scheme which its authors pre tended to justify by many preposterous assertions that they feared the Duke of Wellington would otherwise seize the Crown for himself.' 