THIS SHADOW ON THE MOOR. " Thee'd better stay 'ere awrer night." The speaker wan the landlord of a very small Devonian inn, or, rather, public- house, in one of those little villages which fringe the borders of Dartmoor ; tte listener a young man in tourist costume, who was adjusting a knapsack on his shoulders. " Aye, aud for a few nights beyond too. suppose," retorted the traveller rather sharply, lor he was not in tho best of tempers. Vivian Grey was a struggling water-colour artist, who spent the summer tramping about like Dr. Syntax, " in search of the picturesque" transferring choice bits of scenery to bis sketch book for later working up into pictures. He was not without some talent; but the hill of I'arnassus is never an easy accent for either painter or poet, and Vivian's earniugs from his profef.-ion wore but scanty nt present. There fore, after putting up with rather second- rate cccommodation at this small wayside hostelry, ho was annoyed to find thatliis bill amounted to I about what he would have paid at Plymouth | or Exeter for better usage. Ho had borne with the discomforts of the little " pub " for a day .>rlwo while he completed some sketches in i vi e vicinity,and now discovered that the keepers | of the liliiue hotels urc not the only Bonifaces who count the " views'' of local scenery ns items I to be charged for, directly or indirectly, in their | . hills. Not that mine host's claim was a very large one, but Vivian, lilte many another I traveller, cherished visions of the ideal inn of *'Sweet Auburn " (did such ever exist out of a poem ?), and thought resentfully that the hard bed, and the inferior cooking, aud the noise \- made by the convivial occupants of tho tap room in tho evenings rhould have been taken I account of in tho charges, aud have diminished j them by a shilling or two. So, though the tourist paid without discussion, he did so with ' M some smothered annoyance, and responded sar- | cnstically to tho landlord's invitation to pro long his stay. But the latter was apparently heedless of the intended satire. " It be Midzummer Eve to-night," he re marked stolidly. " Oh, and I supposo you mean I shall meet | he pixies on the moor." ot the pixies, but the sperrits, maybe.' not afraid of either sperrits or bogie*," the young man, taking up his stout liking-stick ; '* a mist over the moor is the ly thing I should fear, and there is not much hance of Hint 011 such a fine evening," and he assed quickly out of the inn, for ho proposed walk another six or fevon miles before dark, nd the sun was already w<stering. I wuilden go if 1 was thee," persisted nest Boniface, but as his late guest was ady tramping down the lane ho merely his head, and returned to his tap-room in ed a most beautiful summer's Vivian climbed the steep, nar le:l down to the village from oothmil above (West country wisely nestle their habitations 0 side of the hills, mindful of the gales and snowstorms) ho was tempted , jvfit ly to (urn and liuger, surveying the ipreading landscape with all an artist's Indeed, when he at last emerged moor tho painter could not resist halt awhile under tho shnde oi a group of I tors to gaze on the fair scene beneath , lying so calm andpoaciful, bathed in the | uset light. Vivian had been on foot since the early I morning, working hard to finish his sketch. The day had been hot mid fatiguing, and ho ,Uad managed, in spite of the indifferent cook ery and heavy beer, to make a substantial .jueal beroro quitting the inn. laying luxuri ously upon his plaid, with his knapsack under Jiis head, he gradually dropped into a comfort able sleep. Ho woke at length, as everyone Joes from such unauthorised slumbers, with a sudden start, a sensation of having been asleep Sor months or years, and a general feeling of bhilliness and stiffness. The young man sprang up hastily Ho had actually s'ept for over two &ours; ; it was not eight o'clock when be last remembered glancing at his watch, and decid ing ihat he really must move " in a minute or two," and now the old church clock, far away beneath him, was slowly striking ten. Fortu nately the moon was up, aud at its full. Under its clear silvery light every object wan as distinct us at midday ; no fear this evening of that 3read of all Dartmoor travellers, a " moor mist," For a moment Viviau hesitated whether ho | nliould return to his former hostelry, but his ?pride revolted at this, in a way, seeming to accept tho landlords suggestion. No, he would push on to Tavistock, where, in a town with good hotels,he would be sure to find someone up tor readily wakeable) even at a late hour in the evening. So, shouldering h's knap-sack, the young man stepped out briskly. It was very silent all round, nat a sound, not a movement anywhere. This utter Bolitude of the moor, impressive even in the daylight, was infinitely | more so in the quiot of the night. As ho tramped along Vivian at first thought how delightful and beautiful was this stillness ; then,as the intense quitt grew almost oppressive, ho felt that it would be an advantage " to have a companion to whom he might exclaim: ' How charming is solitude ! " At length, after abuut 011 hour's steady tramp, he began to find him self decidedly tired and hungry, and to opine that the sight of the good town of Tavistock, lying beneath bim in the valley, would be a more agreeable prospect that even the loveliest " moonlight effects " over the moor. He wss aware that he should have been within sight of his destination by this time had he kept on the right road, but still seeing nothing but the moorland around,the disagreeable suspicion that he had missed the proper track began to force itself on bis mind. It is, in truth, as easy to loose one's way on Dartmoor, even in full day light, as to lose one's purse in a l>oudon crowd. Distances are deceptive in theclear atmosphere, and the apparent landmarks made by the many tors prove most deceitful ; for all those granite piles so exactly resemble one another that, as a candid guide book remarks, " desciiptious of them only serve to mislead the tourist " ; who, indeed, is often deceived by the fancied recog. nition of some particular tor, led to shape his path accordingly, and to lose bis way. On stumbling hastily to his feet after his | slumber Vivian had, in fact, turned the wrong way, aud was now walking in quite a contrary | dirceticn to the one which he wished to pursue. He had unfortunately lost his usual guide, his pocket compass, that very morning, aud could now only trudge on, trusting, at the worst, to come to somu farmhouse where he might obtain quarters for the night. Moonligh , with its deep shadows, is rather a perplexing guide by which to find an unknown road ; and as Vivian splashed into more than one bog he began to remember the legends of " prixy led " travellers who bad wandered about the moor until day light, and to reflect ruefully that he himself seemed likely to " make a night of it'' in the open. " I'll try for a larmhouse, any way," Vivian I said to himself, turning off the moor into a lane which skiited it for a while, and which 1 be thought might probably lead to some habita ts tiou, if but a cottage. The lane was dark as well as narrow, but as Vivian walkod briskly down it he fancied be beard a light step behind him. He turned ^^Rkraund, but could see nothing, spoke and re f ccived no reply, and yet. as he rammed hi. progress, it certainly appeared that ft footstep, a light, swift footfall, was following h<m. Vivian was not a norvous man, but there is alwavs something unpleasant in being thus silently followed in the dark ; R«>«PTI- bwii«fc he swung round sharply and oiled to know » who was there ?" but all was darkness and silence. It seemed unlikely that anyone should be lurking in so solitary a place for purposes of robbery ; but Ihe young man felt that he should be clad to get back upon the moor again, and hurried nlong the rough part towards an opening where the moonbeams fell clearly. Was :it Taney, or did the light, quick steps behind him hasten, too ? ; " It's only nouifi animal," thought the traveller ; but it w.s a relief, all the same, to quit the lane and to find himself beside a cot- , tagr, although, to his disappointment, the habitation proved deserted and partially roof lrss, the door lianging by ono hiuge, the wh building falling into decay. _ " I'm bo dead beat that I've half a mind to camp in here till daylight," thought the young man to himself, us he pushed bis way into the desolate interior, disturbing a large owl as he d,But' there was something singularly un attractive and desplale-looking in the appear ance of this taiu, something inexplicably re pellent like the " sense of fear which Hood lias described as brooding over the- 1 lauiilL. House" of bis poem. " If 1 were a superstitious fellow, I should say that some crime had been committed here, and the cottage abandoned afterwards, thought Vivian, with a shudder, born partly of fatigue, partly of the situation. -Its abominably lonely here," be said aloud , I'm bound to make a night camping out, I wisn I'd someone to keep me company." Was the wish prophetic ? As be spoke Vivian moved out of the half-ruined percli into the open, where the moon shone clear ; there-was he dreaniing ?-two shadows fell distinctly upon the sward-his own and an other's ! . . . .'What do you mean by dogging me in tuts ?» cried the artist, fiercely turning on his imaginary assailant ; but there was no one visible. He hastily daRbed back into the cot tage and searched its rooms-only two ; the upper Hours, if any such bad existed, had been removed, or had fallen away, but he found no one And yet, to account for the shadow fall ing where it did, the substance which pro jected it must have certainly stood just behind '"". I am growing as nervous as a cat, that's what It is." thought the young man passing out of the door again, and persuading lnm«e that all which he had seen and heard was mere funcv. Yet he could not forbear glancing again on the grass, and there-oh, horrible ! lay the double shadows , ono his own, recognis able by the outline of his straw hat, the other vague, shapeless, but distinctly visible. Vivian was no coward, and he steeled him self resolutely. , ," " It's just the shadow of the cottage gable, he said aloud (for there was comfort in hearing even his own voice in the utter silence around him " I'" walk on and think no more of these fooleries," and he stepped out sturdily,far away from all possible shadow of the cottage. And the two shadows, side by side, sped swiftly ovei the moor'; while that footstep (very soft now, as if it was deadened by the heather) kept pnee behind bim. Vivian desperately shut his . yes for a few moments and walked on, but graining still caught that light footfall at his back. H opened bis eyes and halted. Ho was standing in an utterly solitary place ; no tree nor tor mar to throw a shadow ; and yet two distinct. outlines lay at his feet. He unstrapped and threw away his knapsack, which might, ho strove to think, be accountable for that other rellection-the knapBack lay with its own shadow behind it, but the other mysterious out line still flickered and moved beside bin own. It was undefined in actual form, but palpably th'" I shall go off my chump altogether if thin sort of thing keeps on," thought Vivian, as a cold sweat bedewed his brow. There was some thing so unutterably horrible in this nameless haunting presence. He set off to walk rapidly, he jared not in what direction, only anxious to shake oft this awful companion; but, move wl ere he would, close by his side flitted the shadow, close behind tripped that soft step. Then he shouted aloud and adjured the Thing, whatever >»«">». 10 speak, or to appear in any other form but this but not a sound broke the silence of the quiet summer night. He swung round as if to surprise his newelcome companion ; he even thrust his bands behind bim in tho attempt to clutch it, but only grasped the air. As he ran, or walked, or stood still, that twin shadow kept pace with his own, waving and moving, and at times melting into it, exactly as the shadow of a human companion would have done "I shall go Stark mad," Vivian almost wailed at length, that awful form of fear-fear of the supernatural and tho unknown-beRinning -o overwhelm bim. If he could but face the A sudden idea occurred to him ; lifting up his eves, be saw a heap of boulders not far away. will forcu the thing, ghost or devil, to come out from behind me," he muttered, and began to run towards the granite stones, while tht footsteps sped swiftly after him, and the twin shadows taced side by aide ia the moon IigBreathless and exhausted Vivian dashed up to the largest block of stone and placed his ba» Now!" hTcHecl,'6" lurk behind me longer if vou can," . , Clear his feet lay his own shadow, clear by it, fide flickered the other outline; and asVivian turned wildly to glance at the granite masses above bim be fancied he heard a low mocking laugh, as of one who had triumphautlj out- 1 witted an antagonist. The cup of horror was now full ; Vivian was conscious of a frantic clutch at the.boulders,, a crash of falling stones, then darkness and oblivion. It was a startling experience for a quiet Dartmoor farm labourer, passing to bis work next morning, to come upon a young Gentleman lyiDg iniensible among a quantity of fallen stone at the foot of the tors. Save for the in quisitive sagacity of this shepherd s d"E who having first investigated the rtrange sight for himself, persisted in attracting bis msater to the spot. Vivian Grey might have died before 1 he W.B rescued. As it was, his discoverer found him lying in » «tata of unconsciousness, with a I sprained snkle and sundry contusions resultant I from a. fall amid stones ; and when carried by 1 kindly hwjds to the nearest farmhouse (where i the Good Samaritans its owner willingly placed their BPa« bedroom at the travellers dis posal) Uas many days before he could give any clear account of himself, though he raved incessantly about shadows and footsteps and. | the demons who haunted the moor. »And it's my belief he's been misled by the I eperrits of the lane," said the comely old farm| dame, confidently, to the doctor Folks do say that she walks still on Midsummer Iwe, y°l How cl sensible women like yourself be lieve such nonsense, Mis. Pribr i- rephed the local Bsculapius; «why, yon.: very grand child rm would laugh at the.foolishUl*. « jas, zir," said Mrs Prior bridling, us »U knaws that tho young folks be ft mighty sight wiser than their elders uowaday- it's » differ ent world scnce X was young." " It's plain enough what's happened to tbi« young fellow," remarked tho doctor, as be adjusted a frmh bandage round Vivian's font ; 41 he lost his way on the moor and then slipped down trying to climb among the tors. I expect he fainted with thu pain of this sprained aokle, Mid then got a chill lying in the dews, which has landed him in a pretty attack of cheumatic fever ; but he's a stout young fellow, and will round well enough, I think; only you won't be rid of him for a few weeks yet." " I bo sure the poor gentleman's welcome enough to the room so long as ho wants un," snid kindly Mrs. Prior; and it was, indeed, only after sonin demur that she agreed to accept Vivian upon tho " paying gueBt " footing, a positiou which ho naturally insisted on assum ing as soou as he recovered from his delirium and learnt where ho was, and ho IT ho had been found on the moor. Dread of ridicule kept Vivian silent upon tbe subject of his fancied vision. He llad, indeed, attempted to meution something of it to the doctor, but met with so little encouragement that he soon desisted. Perhaps, after all, the fever had b<cn upon him earlier limn ho had been aware of, and the suppused sights and sounds of that terrible night's journsy were but delusions-the first symptoms of a coming ill ness. But when allowed to descend to Mrs. Prior's snug parlour he found tho lituf-ehold in a great state of excitement. On turning over bis small possessions, Vivian discovered that n pencil caso which ho greitly valued hud been broken from his watch chain. Thinking that it might have been caught by some of the stones among which ho bad fallen he had requested tho children of the house to search amid the tors for it on their next half holiday, promising a small reward to its llndtr. The juveniles accordingly set off for the moor ; but though they failed to recover the artist's pencil-case they soon reached home full of a greater dis cov* rv, which put all other matters out of their minds. Vivian's aimless clutch at tho granite boulders had displaced one of tho blocks of stone pbove him. The rescuing party had been too occupied with the traveller to pauso to examine his sur roundings ; but the children, climbing and peering about the tor at once discovered that 11ns stone had masked the entrance to a fiir sized cavity amid the rocks. Anything like a " cave " is irresistibly attractive to every well constituted boy, and Tommy and Hilly worked diligently to cnlargo the opening until they could peep within-and beheld a man's skeleton, yob hold together by a few mouldering remains of what had once been clothes or wrappings, some silver shoe-buckles, and * few eoins of a century and a-half ago lying amid the dust of what had probably been a purse ! Tommy and Billy, horribly scared, and yet greatly elated at becoming the bearers of such an astonishing piece of news, fled back to tho farm on tho wings oF the wind ; then for weeks, nay, months, the whale locality wis iu a -delicious stato of excitement, marvel, and questioning. Doctors, and coroners, aud juries, and all manner of inquisitive and irresponsible inquirers came to '! view," and to u sit," and to " investigate " into the dark secret which those grey stones had concealed for so many years, and Tommy and Billy were the envy of all their juvenile companion?, owing to the local- importance with which their str'ango dis covery invested them. " Local tradition," which.lingers so long in rural districts, end is more reliable than soino folks believe, assisted in piecing togother possible explanation of tho presence of tho fkeleton in its strange resting-placo. In the earlier half of the last century it was remem bered that an elderly man had recided in the ruinous cottage whero Vivian had experienced 1 so disagreeable u shock. This man was not a native of the place ; be lived a hermit life ; none knew wlu nco he came or what ivaH Uis occupation ; but it was whispered that he was a miser, and that gold and silver were concealed in his poor abode After residing for some years in solitude, making no acquaintances and ad mitting no visitors, he was suddenly joined by an elderly hard-featured woman who described herself as his daughter, and aunounced tbat she had come to live with him and keep his house. It was said iu the neighbourhood that the old man was greatly disturbed by her appearance, and received her with the utmost reluctauce. Passers-by the cottage had often heard tbe pair engaged in angry discussion, and it was hinted (liatsome guilty secret was shared between them, and that the old man's very obvious four of his daughter might bo the result of a dread of her revealing it. However, tho woman made good her footing, and remained, and grew to be a power in the vicinity. She professed to be able to toll foituues,revert e Rpells, act generally as a " white witch " ; certainly she possessed a skill in tho use of what she termed " yarbs" (i.e., herbs), which brought her muny customers. Bnt it was an illicit, unholy kind of trade which she drove ; and the lonely lane, her usual consulting-room, had witnessed some strange scenes. Pious aud strict-living vdlttgers shook their heads when I'rub's name was mentioned ; but prodigal youths and foolish maidens, aud many a local black sheep, found a complaisant friend, a useful ally ; and, though many a farmer cursed her under his breath for a witch, everyone was outwardly eivil to a woman whom all feared. Mean time the old man " broke " visibly, and it was said that the woman tyrannised cruelly over him. One day he disappeared. Prudence, when her father's absence was re marked upon, answered briefly that ho had gone away to re side at Plymouth, sho believed, being tired of a country life, and had made over the cottage to her. It was no one's business to con tradict her, or to inquire further. Rural folk, in the days of the early Georges, were not given to much investigation into tho private affairs of " strangers " who had settled among them ; so, though it was thought strango that the old man should have gono away thus suddenly aud Mleutly, and apparently on foot, be had come into the neighbourhood equally mysteriously, and only vauished as he had arrived. One person, a client of Prudence's, remembered hav ing heard a furious altercation raging between tho father and daughter the evening before the former was missed, and before this visitor had rapped at tho cottage door he had overheard the woman say passionately. " Yes, you thought you had hidden yourself from me here, but I sold my soul for that money as well as you did, and I will have my share if I take your life to get it." This young man had always au uncomfort able suspicion about the fate of the old miser, but he was too much iu the power of the "white* Witch," who knew some ugly tecrets about him, to venture to make his doubts public in her lifetime. But there came a day when Prud ence's obliging use of " yarbs " (at the instiga tion of a young farmer, who wished to conceal some awkward passages in his former career), | resulted in the death, by design or accident, of an unfortunate girl whom the fickle suitor had thrown over for a wealthier bride, and this matter was too serious to bB .' hushed up." An idij.;uant crowd set out for the cottage,the mob twii'g vengeance against the 1' wise woman, , ,.e local constables charged with a warrant for the- woman's apprehension on a capital charge. But Prudence had passe} beyond the juris diction of earthly tribunals ; for when after vainly asking for admittance the cottage door was forced open the wretched woman was found lying on her bed dead, with an expression of such horror upon her countenance as almost justified the village assertion that " tho tlovtl h'd strangled her." " Death from poison " was tho verdict of tho doctor, and, taking all tho circumstances of tho case into consideration, it was not surprising that» local coroner's jury prouounccd a felo de se ; nor that tho orthodox "crosvrond" burial place selected for tho miserable woman was at the foot of tho lonely lane which led to her cottage. As had been suspected, a rather large amount of money, and some valuable (though broken up) jewellery was found hidden in tha cottage ; but no inquiries availed to discover any trace of the old man who had previously disappeared. The cottage (which ho had pur chased on his first coming to the neighbour hood) fell into a ruin, none caring to occupy it; for it was rumoured that Prudence's restless spirit was still wont to " ivnlk " in the lane, where so many wicked secrets had been onco whispered into her ears. Years passed by, the story bccame half foigotton, but there was en occasional tslk that " the sperr't " had been seen or heard of again; Midsummer's Eve, the date on which the old man was last seen alive, being usually selected for theso manifestation*. " lint I doubt the witch'll walk now, seeing the old man 'ave had Christian burial," re marked good Mrs. Prior, alluding to the inter ment of the skeleton, which had taken place after tho " investigations" had been con cluded. Local opinion, at least, was satisfied that the»e nameless remains were those of the old miser ; the shoe-buckles discovered with the bones bearing his initials, tho coins found cor responding in date with the time of his dis appearance. That bis unnatural daughter hid murdered the old man, carriori or dragged his body to its hiding-plaeo amid the rocks '(he was a imnll, withered old man, she a tall, stalwart woman), seemed at lenst more than probable ; the villagers had no doubt about the matter, Who the father and daughter were, from whence they came, by what guilty means they had be come possessed of the treasure found in their cottage, were mysteries which tho pair had carried with them to their graves. Vivian heard all this story from Mrs. Prior during his tedious convalescence, while he lay on the hard uncomfortable sofa of her "best parlour " in tho evenings, and his kindly host ess sat knitting by his side, chatting to " cheer him up a bit." And amid this flow of friendly chat Vivian was tempted to give tho good woman his ver sion of what he bad seen, or believed be had seen, that night on the moor. Mrs. Prior listomd with full and cheerful faith. " Thee'st hecr old JPrue's step, and seo her shadow, sir, sure enough," shu promptly re plied, " and you iddun the only person as tbicky dead old witch 'avo a' frightened nigh out of their lives if folks speak true. Maybe, she've been trying all these years to drive folks nigh where she hid the old man, that he mun como to a decent grave at last. I doubt if she'll walk so much now, seeing her father's buried rightful." Vivian Grey at lenst never tested the matter, for whether his late nocturnal experiences had been merely an hallucination or au actual reality ho never again attempted to traverse country roads alono after nightfall after his encounter with that fearful " Shadow on the Moor." 