BUTLER ON TEE BRAIN. Mania of the Murders. Haunted by Harwood. -i-i , > The Search for Surcease from tho Swanhllda Scoundrel— Tho Her-, mlt of tho Bush Who Had Never Hoard of Butler. Butler ! . Butler ! Butler ! ' The ' Words danced before, my eyes In letters of blood, and, the very earth seemed to j cry aloud the name which was upon the i lips of thousands. I, unfortunately, I »<» tii way a lmpressioname, wnicn tact "was itself impressed Upon me in my early youth when a brick fell on my head, and later on when I was often unjustly punished by a hard and cruel schoolmaster of the Squeers typo. Thus While everyone became bitten by the Butler craze, I also became affected by it, but in a different form, for while the general public desired, above all things, to heat the latest news of the "criminal of the century," my wish was to hear nothing further, and to forgot that such a person, ever, existed. There are those who do not hesitate to vote the general public an ass, and they, being individual units of the gene ral public,, frequently- give ' colour, to shch a -.statement by tlielr- own idiotic sayings and doings. I, however, found, no pleasure in differing from the great and mighty, public in this particular case, although some may have derived a certain amount of pleasure, or, at least, satisfaction in the thought that they differed from the asinine majority. My fervent desire to hear nothing more of the Butler case seemed doomed to remain ungratlfled, for although T gave up reading the daily papers I could not escape. Everyone I met. knew all about it, and bad the latest news in full detail, with embellish ments, and great printed placards caught my eye at every turn, giving startling headlines of the news to be found in some particular paper. And u: thousand and one newsboys yelled it at every corner. Then, at last, owing to my impressionable nature, I sup pose, the name of Butler became printed upon my mind through some psycholo gical process, and I could not forget it. Something in my head kept up a cease less chant upon his name, until X thought that I was graduating fast for a lunatic asylum. .And then at night! Ye Gods! What nights I passed! What dreams! No sooner had my weary eyelids closed in fitful slumber than I would have dreams of such Indescribable horror that I would awake at last sick with fear, weak as water, and with my heart going at such a pace that I sometimes feared that, tired nature would pull down its colours some night and that I would pass the borderland of the great unknown in my sleep. One awful night I dreamt that I had gone prospecting with Butler, and at the same time had a perfect knowledge of what was in store for mo. but was powerless to help myself, being held fast under a mesmeric spell which lie exerted over me. And X was digging a deep hole, which I knew to be my own grave, while the man with the bottle nose sat and watched me, urging me on 1o dig deeper, and also to make the hole six feet long instead of ilve. I guessed the demon's meaning only too well, for- I was six feet high. Great beads of sweat rolled down my face and splash ed upon the stones as I started to lengthen that gruesome excavation, and Butler informed me he was wait ing for a shot. I had about finished my awful task when I saw tho fiend who sat behind me, forin1 dreams one can see behind or through a brick wall. I saw him raise ills rifle to have that shot for which he had waited so anxiously, and It was at me. The spell was broken, I turned, and with tho fierceness of despair I sprang at his throat. He fired and missed, and the rifle's roar went echo ing through the gloomy gorges and up the lonely mountain side, while we two were locked In a life and death struggle. To and fro we swayed, falling over logs and roelts, until at last he tripped and fell under me. My hands were at his throat, and I saw the veins in his neck swell and his face darken to a purple hue, while the fear ol' death came into his eyes. And. then with a great cry of victory X — well, I awoke, to find that I was holding my landlord down on the floor of my room, and was choking the life out of him. I-Ie had come In to find out What I was making such an awful row for, as I had been shouting at the top of my voice. I tried to ex plain things gently to him, but the language he gave vent to turned the moon dark with mystery, and our old tomcat, which had been holding a moon light concert on the slates outside my window, crept swiftly and silently away in order that his feline proprieties might not be outraged beyond repair. "When my irate landlord had departed, ami 1 came to look round my room, a fearful scene of devastation met my eye X had got out of bod through the mos quito nets, leaving them In a state of irreparable ruin, and had then evidently proceeded to smash up the furniture, and bad succeeded beyond my wildest hopes. It required a nice little cheque to, settle matters. Next morning I wont to see a doctor, who said that unless I had some days' perfect rest somewhere In the country where X could hear nothing of Butler lie could not say what might happen, X might go mad and murder every one in the office where I worked. I wont aiul informed my manager of this. "Go at once for as long as you like," he said, picking up a heavy ruler and putting a table between us. So I went out to seek that unknown place where Butler had never been heard of, and .where the weary might be at rest. I-'ar and wide I sought for that liavon; but without success. But the savages which Inhabited the country districts saw that I was a stranger from the city. and came in crowds to ask what was the latest news of the demon Butler. I found that the case was discussed morning, noon and night in the country, for it was seldom that the poor crea tures had any general topic of conver sation which they could all understand, with the exception of the weather, and they were getting tired of that. Butler liad evidently beaten the record of the "much travelled," for every place in the country where two or three houses were gathered together with no definite pur pose claimed the honour of having been visited by the "criminal of the age." Ku I became a wanderer upon the face of my native country, and found no rest either by day or by night, for a ghostly figure, wearing a cap and with broken nose, was ever with me. One day I met an old farmer taking some produce to market, and as he came near 1 saw that he wanted to know about Butler, for I. had become keen to detect when a man had Butler in his mind, and I grew desperate. I hit upon a plan, and became suddenly deaf. '(Good morning," he said. "Any news about Butler?" "I beg your par don," I said; "I am a little deaf," put ting my band to the back of my ear. "Any news about Butler?" he shouted. "Yes," I replied. ."When I last heard butter was selling at ninepence for prime." "I don't want to hear what's the price of butter," he yelled. "I want to hear about Butler. Did you ever hear of Butler?" "Of course, I have," I said. "I believe it's a very good kind of bicycle, but I don't ride myself." "Well? I'm d ," said the old chap; but he made one more effort. "Did you ever hear of the Swanhllda?" he roared. "Did you say your daughter Hilda had some swans for sale?" I asked. "I don't think she will sell them unless It Is to I the Zoo or the Botanic Gardens in Syd ney." This was the straw which broke the back of the old farmer's patience. 'He gave It up. At last, after many days, I pulled up at the door of a. humble-looking habi tation, .situated in apparently the most lonely spot on God's earth, and was I met at the door by an old man, who ap parently had not seen another human being for months. '"Good-day," he growled. . "Good-day," I said; "have you ever' heard of Butler?" "No," he said, "Who the devil is he?" "Never heard of the Swanhllda?" I queried. "No," he answered, "What are you giving us mate?" I . grasped him by the hand, "My more than friend," I .cried, "my saviour, my benefactor, let me stay with you for oyer." He smiled a slow, .sad smile. "As long as,. -you like," he said; "at one pound a week.' For two days I lived in Paradise, and then, alas! the devil entered in; After enjoying two days of freedom from hearing the name of Butler, the -old man asked, "Who is Butler?" And I gave way to that human weakness which finds joy In telling someone a great sensational piece of news, arid I told that old man all I knew; but he thirsted for more, and gave me no peace. I lost my Paradise through giving way to temptation, even as Eve of old, and I know in my heart that I will never regain It again, for that old hermit was the only man on earth who had not heard all about Butler, the "Mountain Mystery," and the Swan hllda, and now that ghastly ghost which sits gibbering at my elbow while I write will haunt me for ever and for ever. I Even when I seek my bod to court a few hours' respite I see the ghost like i.the Raven." "Never flitting, still Is sitting, stilt is sitting On the pallid bust of Pallas, just above my chamber door. And his eyes, have all the seeming of a demon's that is dreaming, And the lamplight o'er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor; And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor. Shall be lifted— never more." 