I11S ONLY CASE. We were in Mtukham's " snug/' a litt'e room to which he was accustomed to relire"to coo],'* as he expressed it, in such odd minutes as a heavy home- practice in melieine; left liim. Netherby, a surgeon fiom lower down the street, had dre p| ed in at ten o'clock to smoke a friendly pipe with Markham and me and to cliat over piofe ssional topic*, as wvs our custom. Markham was gieat on reminbccnces and struck cut upon them as soon as Netherby, drawing his coat tails sente ntiously about him, had fettled down into the doctoz's wicker chair. We FIUI ked on in deferential silmce until Markham had finished. " Well!"' said Nethe rby, with a long pull at his pipe. " Tin not much at ' exptrie nci s,' but I had one job cut there near Ban Francisco that tias always been on my mind.'' " What wns it ?" nskecl Maikham in his abrupt way, turning a pair of pieieing liUlo grey eyes on Netherby. "It occurred nearly twenty years ago, before 1 settled down,' snid Netherby, removing his pipe and throwing his head back into a reflective attitude. ''Iliad had a few turns at sea as surgeon on a North American steimer, hut through a holler I had with the chief officer I dropp< d it lit the end of a voyage out. I lefther a t Fj isco and vvf nt ( n a ramble inland. I lsad no definite plan, but I thought it would be worth wl ile tak ng a turn round the mining c!i>tiict. I had gone through surgery, and thought, b< ing an Englishman, there might bo a ehf.ru e abcut some of the mining settlements. Lots of woik for a saw-bones about ther«?i" fa id Ne'hi rby, with a .significant nod. "Did j on gt t any ? " asked Markham, •shaiply again. " One case— ju-t one And I didn't like it. It wasn't in my branch at all,'" Netherby replie d, frowning at the reeollcction. " 1 dropped on a little mining place in the hills,'" he continued. " It was about a hundred miles east ot San Francisco. I somehow fancied the pliicr, K> I (.tayed there piospecting about •two months. In three weeks I knew everyone in it worth knowing. They were as deferential KS you pie ase, learning that I was an English, surgeon, so I got cn well uith them. "I slopped at the principal store in the town, "the keeptr of which was a sharp and shrewd Yankee, but about as good-natured as they make 'era. "One night after I had gone to I ed I heard a ; 0oud knocking at the outer door. Then there iwere voices. I could hear the storekeeper; speaking sharply to someone about coming at that •iate hour. In a minute I heard him approach-! ing my room. He called out to learn whether! 3 was awake, and on my answering him, told! •me that one of the 'bosses ' of a mine outside) iof the town had come to see if 1 wouUl go to ai caan who was dying. There had been a fall of! istone in the workings, and the mail was badly! injured. A doctor of some kind was with him,: but the man had begged that they would 1 bring an Englishman to him as he had something important to sajr. The ' boss ' thought he wanted to make a confession, and Jfor some reason would only make it to an Englishman. You see, I was not wanted professionally, so at first I dtclined to go, The storekeeper argued the matter with me, saying: it would look bad if it got known that I had: refused to go and hear a dying man's eonfes-; sion. So I got up and dressed and joined the, " boss,' and told him to lead the way. j j " He led me along the solitary main street of; the place, and then struck cut tor the hills. I iaad not the ghost of an idea where we were going, and as the night was dark it was impossible to note the way. I tried to get my companion, to talk, fbut after one or two vague replies to my remarks I left him alone. He was either stupidly sullen or so coneerncd about the man that Le (was unable to cormrse lucidly. ' " We must have walked for nearly half-an hour when my guide gripped my right wrist and turned me sharply round, with a curt, ' Kem this way ! '"' Still holding my wrist he wa'ked a few pact s awl then stopped. I could see that we were by a low building. Going on again rr v guide led ane slowly round the place until we reached a door on the further side. It was partly open, •and I could discern a dim light within. 'Hyar we air,' exclaimed my companion pushing the heavy door open. ' Hyars fin; Engleesli surgeon, mebba Vll ctu f.. r ycr.' •'It was a mining hut of the rougln st description. A small lamp was burning on a kind -of mantle-shelf, and giving just, sufficient light to make the place miserably dim and weird. A man in the gar!) of a miner was' •sitting on a rough stool by a low couch, a bedupon which I could discern a human form, ' Heaw es it now, Jose?' asked my companion. 'Bad!' answered the watcher, bending forward to look at the face ot the injured man. My guide knelt down by the couch. ' Ned 1 II} ar's the Engleesli doctor. "E'es iome t' hyar what yer'n t." say. Can yer talk I' 'm ?' "I had grown accustome d to the gloom, and could discern a face of deathly paleness at the raised end of the couch. As I watched it the pyes opened. ' Leave 'im with me—leave us alone,' saiel a faint voice. ' Kem on, Jose. Let's gew oat. Leave the doctor with 'im a bit. Kem on !' said mv com- panion, taking hold of the watcher's aim. "The man slowly rose and left the cabin with my guide I heard the pondejous door grate as they closed it behind them, and kn»:w that I was alone with the dying man. " Can I do anything for you r" I asked, bending over to obtain a better view of him. ' Draw that stool up and sit down by me,' he lep'ied in a low voice. " Let me examine you first," I said, feeling his right shoulder. ' No, no, not that,' he said teetily. ' You can't do me any good that way. 1 want yo'J to listen.' ' I will,' I rep'ied. ' Go on..' " Are you an Englishman ? ' he asked, turning his glassy eyes on my face. " Yes, ' I replied again. 'Then listen. This is a dying man's confession. My name's Frank Mutheson. I was » diver. I wss doing very well. Me and my mite, Tom Thornley, 'ad been at it for years. We were liko brothers. Sometimes he went down and sometimes me. We were all right until the girl came. Kate Jaeobson her name was. She was my girl, I loved her with all my life. 1 was happy, so happy until Tom played me false He made pretence of friendship to Kate, for old acquaintance sake, he said, but I saw how it was going, fie was making love to her. He took her from me—my Kate that I would have died a hundred times for—look her from me., And she left me for him. I was like one dead. Everything changed. All the hope went 1 out of me. I was miserable, and wished I was dead. And he, my old mate, Tom Thornley, had done it—played; me false. How 1 hated him ! We were, mating still, diving togethfr just as before.' And they were to be mairied—Tom and my Katie to be married. I was mad—mad for he bad played me false. He had stolen n:y love. She was my Katie. I won her—honourably ; he deceived me—tricked me. Oh, how I hated l im ! I wanted to kill him, for hadn't he killed my hope—r_y life. It was all gone. Ah I remember.' ' The man closed his eyes and stopped," *aid Netherby. " I saw that he had not finish'-d l is narratiff, so I said gently, ' Have you nothing; inore to tell me?' In a minute the eyes opened again. They were quite wild tact glaring." ' Yes.' he gasped. ' They were to be married; —my Katie and tlim—married. But I spoiled'! it. We were diving at the old Merlin on at night-tide It was Tom's turn to go down. I had to screw him up and pump tor him. He went down. I thought of them, married, him and my Katie. I was nr-jd, and I did it. I kept on turning the wheel, madly, gloatingly. I kuew Tom was getting no air. We got him up, dead. I killed him. Killed him, for he stole my Katie. 'Then, I couldn't bear to look on her face. I thought she could read meirder on my brow. The form of Tom haunted me. I couldn't bear to be at the old place or to touch the pump or the gear again. I daren't hive gore down in that dress again for the world. I would have 'met him down there just as he died. I ran from the country. Now it's all over : I can die. You've heard everything. Leave me—leave mo ;in peace.' " His eyes closed and his head fell over he lpjlessly to his left siele. He had spent himself iupon his narrative. 1 stepped softlv to the door aud partly opened it. The noise brought back ray guide and Jose. I loarned from them that ;thc man was badly crushed abouc the lower jpart of his body anel that the mine doctor had ,told them he would not live through the night, but that he would come back aud see him. Finding how nearly ho was gone, I did not attempt to touch him, especially as I had not been asked to render any professional service. ''My guide conducted me back to the town over the same unknowu way we had travelled to the cabin. Promising to let me know how the man went on, be left me by the store at which I was lodging. Before I rose in the morning the store-k< eper came to my room with the information that the man I had visited was dead. "You are, the only living creatines who ever heard his story from my lips," said Netherby knocking th<3 ash out of his pipe and rising to go homo. 