A RUBBER BOAT. The principle of the pneumatic tyre has-been applied with such success to the building of boats that it is possible to carry a boat large enough to hold tux -people in a valise or in- the corner pf a trunk. ~ These boats, which are of two kinds, : by air, and divided .into two long com- 1 partments, or of a series of inflated tubes coiled lengthwise. - These ^are fittedwiih pneumatic seats, and the oarlocks are 1 buckled' on each side. When jiefla^d they are reduced to the smallesfr'conceiv- ; able weight and compass, and the jjroeess ; of inflation for use only occupies a "lew i minutes. - - Experiments have proved that these strange craft will -not foittider uL the heaviest seas.They ajcejindeed^rso buoyant that even when filledwith water they jnll float J a weight - of Several' hundred pounds, fwhile the rubber of wWch ihey are constructed isabsolutely^proof ^against puncture. This novel inVention^mmMB to inaugurate; a new era in:-}k)afet f for ptuposes of sport and' travel.4 Sir John Waters,- says the author of English Eccentrics," was the. most adtnirable spy «ver attached to an army, 'Ik the Peninsular War lie gave Lord Wellington the- most accurate and valuable information about the Spaniards ahdi^r movements. On one -occasion -he-was' taken prisoner by a company of Spanish dragoons while still clad in the,English uniform. He was supposed to be a stupid -Britisher -who could not understand va word of French or Spanish, and his cajK tors conversed freely before him. He learned from his guards. while ridinghe- ; tween them, that they were going to ikiU j and rob him at an old, mill 'where • company was i» stop for dinner. They would pretend that they shot him because : of his attempt to escape. On reaching the mill the -dragoons dismounted and went into the house, leaving their prisoner outside, In the hope that he would attempt to escape. The instant they tpre out of sight Waters threw lus eloak upoft : a neighboring olive-bush, and mdaateg his cocked hat on top. Some empty sacks lay on the ground, and into one of them he crawled. A moment- later ifce | dragoons came out, firedtheir carbines at the supposed prisoner, and galloped ofliintending to return later to rifle the body. A horse, loaded with sacks of floor,^stood near the door, and Sir John, still Enveloped in the sack, managed to throw himself on the horse's back, as if he were part of the load. The -owner at lengths came out, mounted, and rode away, with-" out detecting the peculiar contents of one of the sacks. When far enough away for safety, Waters, findinghis position most uncomfortable, managed to free himself from thesackandsatup.Thehorseman, chancing to look around, beheld the man covered in flour, and took Mm to be a ghost perched behind him. Terrified" at the sight, he fell over in a swoon, and the supposed ghost thrust him to the ground and galloped off. Sir John reached the English camp without further adventure, and was warmly greeted by Wellington. :, A curious case of a prolonged sleep has occurred at Steenwerck. It appears that a farmer named Dumont, living in this village, allowed a man to pass the night on a load of hay. The next morning, as the farmer did nqt sep his gijest, he goifcr eluded that he had left early. Six days ! later Dumont was standing near to the load of hay when to his amazement the man emerged from it, still half asleep,; and scarcely able to hold himself upright. For six days and six nights the man had slept, and of course had during that time had nothing to eat. The good-natured farmer gave him a hearty meal, and the , man having thanked the farmer for his. kmdnessygrooeeded to his dea&tia;&QG;^ 