BLACKMAIL . a .COMPLETE SHOBT STOBY. ? ? V 3- BANK S&INNER; 1 ' — 5L sa';ia his offiee, arrayed in broad ^rSNi. cloth and fine ? linen. His fropfc r7f*Ej(lJ coat was in the latest flj/y ~~ _ ^ '/® fasliion, and his trou flifepSl -6 sers were of a new 1 ji ^S^and original cut; his n|0rVji\ « boots were resplen dent patent-leathers; r j/'' had a beautiful ' moustache, and his hair \\-'/ was remarkably well groomed. A magnificent diamond Et up his snowy tie. The speculator was in excellent spirits. Applications for shares in the Cien Burros (Mexico) Mining Company were coming in wholesale. The thought of this success gave a peculiarly delicate aroma to his Havana. Enter an office boy. ' Miss Wilmot, sir.' ' Who the devil's Miss Wilmot? Oh, I know — after the typewriter's job. Show her in.' Miss Wilmot was shown in. She wa3 a very young girl, evidently new to the dignity of long dresses and turned-up hair. She was nervous, aud trembled visibly aa the gorgeous vision in the arm chair put her through her paces. ' H'm ! I see you ask two dollars and a half a week. How much did they give you at your last place ? ' ' A dollar and six bits.' ' Why do you want more now ? ' ' Because I — I thought that wag so little.' 'H'm! How long were you at your other place— where waa it? Oh, Failwell j and Son. You don't say in your letter.' I ' Six weeks.' 'That's a very short time. Why did you leave ? ' Miss Wilmot turned red. ' I'd rather not say,' she answered. 'Why not? Did they, work you too hard ? Come., you must tell me, please.' ' I boxed one of their ears.' 'Which one's ears? The old man's or the son's ? ' ' The son's.' ' Why did you box his- ears ? ' ' He — he tried- to kiss me — and he was not at all nice-looking.' ' Good. Well, Miss Wilmot, just show me how you can write these letters. Grot a note-boob ? No ? Then you ought to have. Here, take this pad. Here's » pen. Now : 1 To Messrs. Heneage and Innes, Chicago. Dear Sirs, — ' ' Miss Wilmot dotted the letters down. When Skinner had finished dictating he introduced her to a typewriter that stood on a table in a little room adjoining. 'I'm going out to lunch now. I shall be back in three-quarters of an hour. You onght to have them finished by then.' He put on a glorious silk hat and went out. Miss Wilmot clacked away at the letters vigorously. Sharp to time the speculator returned. She had finished all but the last. 'What, not finished yet? Well, let me nee what you have done.' The letters were fairly accurate. Miss Wilmot's spelling was above the feminine average, but not much. She spelt 'per- ceive' correctly, but gave ' benefited' an . extra t. For the technical words she had wisely left blanks, instead of perpetrating orthographical monstrosities. ' Hem, hem ! You've made one or two mistakes, I see. Now, I can't have mis takes in my letters. However, I'll give you a trial. With regard to your salary. Well, I won't give you 2dol a week,' — the candidate uttered a sigh of resignation — 'but, as I shall want you to work hard and well — very well, mind! — I'll give you 6dol. That's what I used to give Miss Lucas.' ' Oh, thank you very much !' Miss Wilmot's face lit up like magic. ' When can you start?' ' Whenever you like,' responded tha-girl, tagerly. ' Start now, then.' ? * * ? * The new typewriter Buited. She was quick and intelligent. Skinner became quite proud of her, and used to relate her feats of intelligent letter-writing to his ironies at lunch, who listened enviously, because most of them were turning gray through correcting errors in their corres pondence. One day Miss Wilmot wrote seven letters without making a single mistake, thus es tablishing a record which even the maker has not broken. The following morning something excit ing occurred. Skinner was reading the letters, and Miss Wilmot was waiting, pencil in hand, for the replies. He read cne letter very attentively, a wore, a terrible oath through his teeth, put the letter Rside, and went on with the rest Miss Wilmot's eyes opened very wide and round. She had never hoard such a full-flavored imprecation before. Having read the other letters and di-j- tated the answers. Skinner took up tbe one on which he had commented. There seemed nothing especially discomposing in this communication, only that it faintly of whisky and stale tobacco. Dear Mr. Skinner, — Since I left you I have beon doing very little, and am rather hard np now. I am thinking' of doing a little literary work, as I cannot Ret anything else. Would yoa like to publish a short biography of your self, giving an aoconnt of how you attained your present prominent position in the business world? A brief skelch of a well-known man like you would sell. Give me an appointment, and I will call and discuss the matter. — I re main yonr obedient servant, Jacob Gkioe. As a rule, wheu a man sees a chance of attaining a little publicity he does not swear. On the contrary, he generally re quests his would-be biographer to call on an early date, and gives him all the facts possible and a good cigar. But this case was not an ordinary one. , Grice did not want to be paid for publishing . that biography, but for suppressing it. It would be. worth Skinner's while to have it sup pressed. It would contain details of all the bogus companies he had floated, together with tho manner in which tbey bad been ' worked ' with pro'fit enough to buy a steam yacht. . All these things and many more would Mr. Grice relate iu his story — the steam yacht would probably be a chapter to itself — if his late employer did not pay him something substantial to stifle his literary yearnings. He would send marked papers tound to all Skinner's relations and friends. He might even hire a boy to sell them at the door of the church where Bkinner was churchwarden. Skinner reflected thus while Miss Wil mot rattled away at her letters. She made several mistakes, because she was thinking of tbe strange oath which her employer bad sworn. ' Take this letter,' he called, presently, She-opened the door. . To Mr. Jacob Grice, &c.;, Moonshine. Dear Mr. Grice, — Please-call to-morrow at 12\. — Yours, faithfully, &o.; Ind this one : Detective O'Maholam. Dear Sir, — I should be obliged if you wonld step iu here for a few minutes any time this afternoon. The notes were 'witten and despatched, the, first by post, and the second by the office boy. O'Maholan came about 2. He was not detained Ions. v 'How are you Sergeant?' said Skinner, affably. ' I want you to get me a smart 'burglar with his tools tliis' evening. I want him to drill a hole in this sfcfe.' He indicated a mighty iron safe at' his elbow. Thedoor was open,. and the Sergeant stepped inside and rapped the side-. ' Where do you want the holes — through the door or through the sides ?' ' Through the door.' ' All right. I'll send you Billy Bullseye. He's very clever; he did that job at the Bucklersbury Bank in '84, you know. He's only just out, but he's sure to have some tools, or, if not, he can easily borrow some. But wouldn't the safe people do it for ypu?' ' I don't want to get them. They d be wondering what it was for, aud get to talk ing. A man is trying a little blackmail on me, and I'm going to put ray witness in that safe. He knows the ofiice — Grice is the man ; you've seen him often — and the safe's about the only place ih which he won't look.' ' That's a very good idea,' said O'Maho lan. ' I never heard of a safe being used before.' The burly, good-tempered officer with drew, richer by a twenty and puffing one of the Havanas which Skinner kept in the left-hand drawer of hie desk. At & o'clock he sent round to say that Mr. Bullseye was located and would come to Mr. Skinner's office at 6. When Miss Wilmot arrived next morn ing she wondered what had been burning. Skinner came at 11 and read the letters, looking very black. He dictated the replies. , chewiug his moustache the while. Marshall, his head clerk, had telephoned saying he had the influenza and could not come to the office. Skinner wanted Marshall to help him checkmate Grice, to do which it wris necessary that the clerk should be an unseen witness to the interview. One of the other clerks would make as good a witness ; but the speculator could trust Marshall, whereas lie could not trust the others. Any of them might at some future time develop caso&thes; saibendi after the manner of Grice. ? Skinner commenced to scrutinise Miss Wilmot's face attentively, without inter rupting his dictation. She was a pretty girl aud worth looking at, but the specu lator was blind to prettines3 in office hours. ' Miss Wilmot's dark eyes and the soft curls on her forehead were her best points — they sometimes reminded Skinnerof his daughter who had died — but Skinner only scrutinised her mouth. Typewriter giris are not alive to the remunerativeness of writing pam phlets for suppression, but, on the other hand, they are liable to become hysterical at critical moments. The result of his inspection was satis factory. Besides, he recollected she had boxed the ears of Failwell, junior. 'She'll do,' he said to himself. ' She'3 timid, but she's game.' ' Do yon remember writing a letter to a man named Grice,' he said, ' asking him to call at 12 ?' ' I think so— oh' yes, I remember.' ' Well, when he comes I want you to sit in this safe and listen to e-ve-ry word he says through this hole. See here.' The speculator Wheeled round to the safe and indicated a small round hole neatly drilled through the door. Miss Wiimofs eyes opened very wide. 'You'l^ just be able to hear nicely,' explained Skinner, lucidly. 'It'll be on a level with his head when he sits down, and I'll manage so that he gets close up.' 'But I don't like ? ' ' Oh, you'll be all right,' said Skinner, decided!}'. 'It won't take five minutes. I'll leave the door open until he comes. Be quick ; he may be here any minute.' He unlocked the door, and put a small stool inside. Miss Wilmot watched these preparations with alarm. A vague idea floated through her mind that eavesdrpp ping in a safe was scarcely one of the functions of a shorthand and typewriting clerk. However, her. employer seemed to think it was. She entered and sat down. ' That's the style. Now, I'm just going to shut the door for five seconds to see if you can hear all right. Do you mind?' ' No,' said Miss Wilmot, faintly. Click went the door. ' Can you hear me ?' said the speculator in a loud whisper. ' Yea.' Skinner swung the door open again, dis closing the girl sitting there, pale but up right. He eyed her for a moment, then pulled his moustache. ' Look here, Miss Wilmot, if you'd rather not do it, say so. You've only got to say the word. I shan't be angry.' ' Yes, I'll do it,' said the girl, clinching her fists. 'You're quite sure you're not frigh tened ?' ' Yes.' 'Good. Now, I'll leave the door open until the very last moment. And if you want to come out — even while Grice is here — all you've got to do is to tap, and I'll open the door instantly.' He handed her a ruler. ' If she uses it, it'll mean a thousand to me,' said Skinner to himself. 'Grice won't walk into a trap a second time, and he'll stick the price on. He's got abso lutely no conscience, that man.' Gillespie, the second clerk, tapped on i the door. ?' Mr. Grice, sir.' ' Show him in.' Skinner swung the door of the safe to without a sound. Grice entered. He was very seedy, and the dingynesa of his linen was relieved by beer-staina. - [ ' Well, you d ? blackmailer,' said Skinner, 'sit down. And take that in fernal cringing smile off your face.' Mr. Grice did not sit down. He looked ; all round the office, behind Skinner's desk, and opened the door to the type writer's room. Then he sat down. 'How are you, sir? It's a long time since I saw you, ain't it ? Going on all right, I hope?' ' Blast your hopes! How much do you want ? ' ' Well, it'll be worth 250doL, won't it, sir ? ' ' Yes, and I suppose you'll want another 250dol. when you've got rid of that, or else give .me away ? ' ' I swear I won't do anything of the kind. I don't do business in that way,' said Grice With an injured air. ' I'll give you fifty. Oh, keep your filthy breath out of my face ! ' Grice shoved his chair back and bumped against the safe. Tbe worm was getting angry. ' It won't do ; I must have 250dol.' 'You must have it! You must, eh? Why, you infernal scoundrel, no news paper would dare publish such an article.' 'No? Well, I'll fool you. It will be out in full next week in the Mobneng Howlee.' 'And if I give you 250dol. you won't publish it? Word of honor! No? That's all I wanted to know. Could you hear all this infernal blackmailer said. Miss Wil mot ? ' ' Yes ,' faltered Miss Wilmot as Skinner opened the door. '? Good God ! In the safe ! ' cried Grice. ' I'm buncoed ! ' ' Yes, and if you try to bleed me again I'll gaol you. I've got a good mind to go right now and get a warrant for you.' ?'Well, I'm jugged if that don't beat all! In the safe,' repeated Grice, staring atthe girl. 'Hello,! she couldn't hear through 6in.of iron.' ' Not unless there was a hole in it,' said Skinner. Then a strange thing happened. Miss Wilmot, who had been staring at Grice as if she saw a ghost, tottered to a chair and collapsed. ' Don't be frightened, Miss,' said Skinner. 'If thip fellow makes any trouble I'll send him to the penitentiary. You can just tell all about his little game.' ' I couldn't,' she gasped with a shudder. '.You couldn't?' exclaimed Skinner. ' No — why ? ' ' Because, sir — because — he's my — my own father.' — S.F. Wabp. 