THE BULLET HOLE. At the time when I was employed in the War Office, I had a companion who worked in the same room with me, called .lean Vidal, an old non-commis sioned officer, who had lost liis left arm In the Italian campaign, but who had still his right hand—the “cunning hand” of a quartermaster—with which he exe cuted all sorts of wonders in the cali graphic line—round hand, flourishes. Gothic letters; and he could draw a little bird in the final flourish of the sig nature with a single stroke of his pen. : As I lived in the suburbs towards the I south of Paris at that time. I often I walked home with Pere Vidal, and I used to take pleasure in getting him to give the an account of his campaigns, as wo walked' past the Military School, meeting at every step—it was in the latter years of-the Empire—the. hand some uniforms of the Imperial Guards, the pioneers in- green, the lancers in white, the artillery officers in their mag nificent sombre uniforms, black and gold. It was worth while to get killed 'jtjne evening, as-we. went alongrthat. horrid Boulevard do . Grehelle. he Stopped suddenly before the window of a second-hand clothes shop—there are a good many in that quarter. It was a dirty, sordid shop, with rusty pistols, bowls full of buttons, and tarnished epaulettes in the window: and hanging before the door, among dirty rags, there was here and there some old officer's coat, rotted by the rain and fretted by the sun. with a sort of vague human re semblance in its tight waist and broad shoulders. Vidal seized my arm with his one hand, and pointed with liis stump to one of these cast-off garments —It was the tunic ol: an African officer, with its manv-plaitod skirt, and its triple gold band twisted into a figure of eight on the sleeve, as the hussars wear it. “Look here." said he: “this is the uni form of my old corps—a captain’s tunic. As he went nearer to examine it more closely, and read the number en graved on the buttons, be added, en* fhusiastically: “My own regiment! The first Zouaves! .... How could it have come there? It Is a long way from the battlefield of Meleguano to the Boule vard do Grenelle. Yes, I know there are the vultures who follow the army aud plunder the corpses. But why just there, uot two steps from the Military School, where the other's regiment is quartered? And he must have passed here: he must have recognised it. Oh, it is like seeing a ghost!” “Come, now, Pere Vidal.” said I. tak ing him by the arm, intensely interest ed; “yon are not going on talking rid dles; you may just as well tell me wha.t that old torn tunic has reminded you of.” But I verily believe that if he had not drunk those .two absinthes, I should never have heard the story; for when I asked him to tell me, Pere Vidal shot a suspicious and almost frightened glance at me. Then, suddenly, as if lie had made up his mind to speak, lie be gan, in a dry, hard voice:— “Well, then, yes, I will tell you all about it; for you are a clever young man, and honorable, and I can trust you. You will tell me—lioncstily. on your conscience—whether you think I was right to act as I did. Let me see. where shall I begin? All. in the first place, I cannot tell you his name—the other’s, I mean—because ho is still alive. I shall have to call him by the ni.cknamc we gave him in the regiment. Thirsty we called him, and lie deserved the-name, tbo. for he was oue of those fellows who are never out of the can teen. and would toss off his twelve glasses of brandy, one for each stroke, when Uie clock struck twelve. When I joined the regiment Thirsty had just finished his time: he re-enlisted, received the bounty, and went in for a three days’ regular ca rouse in the lowest parts of Algiers. With four or five boon companions like himself they drove about, all packed in an open carriage, and flourishing a tri colored flag with the motto, ‘This can’t last for ever!’ on it. He was brought back to the barrack with his head cut open by a sword wound that ho had got in a Moorish den, where he had a fight with the Arabs. Thirsty got well f he was sent to prison for a fortnight, and had his stripes taken from him. “Well, lie lost his stripes after that affair with the Arabs, but he got them back again eighteen mouths after—at the same time that I myself rose to be sergeant-quartermaster—thanks to the kindness of the captain, who had always great patience with Thirsty. He was an old African soldier himself, and had seen him under fire at Kabylie. But just at that time our old captain was promoted, and left the regiment, and .they sent us 'oqt a young fellow, only tweuty-eight, to take liis place. He was a Corsican, named Gentile; a c-old, ambi tious man. just out of the school—a very good officer, they said, but fearfully hard on the iuen. He would give you" eight days under arrest for a spot of rust on your rifle or a button missing off your gaiters. He had never served in Al geria. and had no notion of any insubor dination or disorder. From the first moment be and Thirsty were at daggers drawn. That they were sure to be. The first time the sergeant was absent from roll-call lie put him under arrest for a week; the first time he got drunk, for a fortnight . When the captain—a little, dark man, as stiff as a poker, with bristling moustaches—ordered him under arrest, adding, in a stern tone, ‘I know you, my friend, and I mean to master you!’ Thirsty never answered a' word, but walked quietly away toward the guard-room. Still. I fancy the cap tain would have lowered his tone a bit, all the same, if he had seen how the sergeant’s face reddened with anger, and how his terrible blue eyes Sashed as he turned away. “Meanwhile, the Emperor declared war ou Austria, and we were all shipped off to Italy. I pass over the incidents of the campaign, and come to -the point at opce. The evening before the battle of Melegnano—■where I lost my arm, you know—our battalion was encamped in a small village, and before we broke ranks our captain made us a little speech—lie was quite right, was the captain—reminding us that we were in .a friendly country, and that for the honor of the army we should bo on our good behavior: and he added that any one who caused the slightest annoyance to any of the inhabitants would be punished most severely. While he was making this speech. Thirsty, who was standing near me, leaning unsteadily on his bayonet—he had emptied a good many glasses since the morning— shrugged liis shoulders, but fortunately tlie captain did not notice liim. “ In the middle of the night I was wakened up suddenly. I sprang from the heap of straw I had been sleeping ou in a corner of a farmyard .and by the light of the moon I saw Thirsty with a young girl in liis arms, all torn and dishevelled, and calling on the Ma donna and all the saints in Heaven to save her. He was struggling furiously, like a Hon, with a lot of peasants and soldiers, who were trying to rescue her from him. I ran up-to help, but Captain Gentile got there before me. With one glance—he had a very commanding glance,had the little Corsican—lie drove back the sergeant, cowed. Then, when lie liad spoken a few reassuring words to the’girl in Italian, he came back and stood before the culprit, and shaking his finger before the other’s face; ‘Theyr ought to- blow out the brains of wretches like you.’ -said he. ‘As soon as l ean see the colonel you shall have j your stripes taken from you; and it will be for good this time. There will be a battle to-morrow; you had better try and get killed!’ “We went back to bed again. But the captain was right, and before the break of day we were awakened by a cannonade. We flew to arms and formed a column. Thirsty taking his place next to me. I thought I had never seen his fierce blue eyes look more ter rible. The battalion -began its march. We were to dislodge the white coats, who had taken up their position in the village of Melegnano, which they had fortified with cannon. Forward, march! We hadn’t gone two:miles, when, bang! the Austrian cannon burst upon us, and .knocked, down fifteen of our men. After that, the officers, who had been’waiting for the order to charge, made us lie down in the maize-fields like the sharp shooters. They remained standing'them selves. of course, and I can tell you our captain stood up as straight as any of them. We mem kneeling among the. corn-stalks, kept, up an incessant fire on the Austrian battery, .w.h'ieh-vca=-wiK!iin._ range. Suddenly J. felt someone nudge •my elbow-;"' I-'tftrppd-.round: a'nd saw Thirsty loading liis rifle;‘and looking at me. with a sort of dareffievil smile lurk ing iii tlie corners of liis moiinth. “ ‘You see the captain ?’ said- he; jerlc ing his head towards that officer, who was standing at a distance of about twenty feet from us. “ ‘Yes: what, of it ?’ I answered, loot ing In tlie same-direction. “ ‘What of it’T He ought not to have spoken to..mo as ho did'last night.’’ “Then, with a rapid. woU-eai’cnlatert movement, lie levelled liis piece and fired. T saw tlie captain, with a sudden; convulsive spasm, throw hack his head and beat the air with liis baud's, then drop liis sword and fall heavily back ward to the ground.'’ 