THE MAN SHE FOUND. When Violet Linear.'! announced that sho Was going in for literature there were those among us who scoffed. Violet was so alarm ingly pretty, one would never suspect her of possessing brains. She was one of thnao girls with alluring faces—the sort of bcsutc-du-diablc •f which Ouula is always writing, eyes of most unholy blue and lips which cculd smile a man’s bo til away. A fascinating minx with the most grareru! and winning manners ; a being of trnods, tender, repcliaut, kiudly and icy by turns, she had created havoc and strewn devis tation wherever her dainty feet had trod. Suddenly she wearied of the endless round of feiety ond fashion to which from her teens she had been accustomed and amazed her coterie by declaring her intention of writing realistic novels. Of course everyone said it \va« merely a fad and would soon blow over. But it didn't, that was the astounding part of it. Her tiist novel attracted more than passing nolicc. She was commended for her original and audacious style, her clever plot and a cer tain dainty feminine touch. She was written about, interviewed ; her beauly and her talent W«e pr«i*«d by the paragrapbers and all the details of her luxurious life were brandished about the country. From being merely a typical •tcicty girl, a young woman of elegance and /cation, she suddenly became a somebody to be pointed out ami stared at and raved about. • This *p*jStro<3ic adulation pleased Violet. She had always feasted upon flattery but now the revelled in it. She threw herself into a lifo of feverish emotion, became cynical, disdainful, and thought of nothing but her miserable ambition. Local colouring camo to be an absolute nunia with her. She was always prating of 4* atmosphere ” and 44 realism. ’ Oue cau atand a lot of inft-mal nomense from a pretty woman, but really poor Violet often grew actually tiresome with her endless rhapsodies about the diunity of realism.” It was juat after publishing her second novel, « combination of ingenuity and wickedness, a smartish, br.-wkidi story you wouldn't have liked your sifter to write, that the girl decided to go to the far V*st in search of 44 local colour ” for her mxt attempt, t. « Yes,” she drawled with the fine lady air W disdain she had as«unied since her success, •* yea, I am going in search of local colour and B hero. I may take a cowboy for the latter— who knows ? They tell me those fellows arc delightfully original and as breezy as the winds from the Rockies.” She made up her mind she had not been misinformed when & month later, she met Jack Weatberby. Weatherby was a child of the plains. He had never been east of the Mi-vdsi- ippi and had an infinite contempt for the Und of the rising aun. He had hunted for a living ; he had been a cowboy and raised as much of a rumpus in -mining camps as the next fellow. Now he owned his own ranch and herds ; had settled down somewhat and had begun to think he would like a wife and homo. He was a handsome fellow, as fiery 85 the rousUng he rode and as tender hearted as a woman—some women. His ranch lay in the shadow of the Sangro de Christo range, next to that of the Atherton’s, where the New York girl was stopping. Us acres stretched to the shadowy foot hills ond over them roamed I ho sleek, well-fed creatures of which he was so proud. It was two days after her arrival that he saw her first. He had ridden over to see Tom Ather ton, the big muscular Englishman, who was his particular crony, and had cocno down the trail with bis customary “Hark” and 44 Whoop.” As though riding the sigbtlefs couriers of the air,be dashed up to the little flower-garden, spurs and chams jingling, sombrero flapping, and letting out a jell which could have been heard in Den- . Ter. And there by the side of pretty Mrs. Atherton, sat a stranger, a vision, an angel. I The astonished ranchman blushed and stain- ; merod like a school boy as he bowed awkwardly and apologised for his Apacbe-likc descent. | Who was this divinity in palc6t piuk, this radi ant creature with hair like gold and oyes like heaven's own blue ? 44 My friend, Mias Lingard from New York,” Mrs, Atherton said. Pshaw 1 She was a celestial being straight from Para • I hare always pitied Wealherby. Never for one moment could* I blame him. He was a primitive man with savage instincts lurking in his breast. Brave, loyal, straight-forward him self, bow could he dream of the treacherous ' cruel blows one little sort white hand was i capable of dealing. Violet found this sturdy, brawny ranchcro a delightful study, and decided that he should be the hero of her next novel. Ilis quaint wit and poetic fancies born of the mesas of the moun tain, bis forcible and often uugrammatical speech was faithfnliy noted ; bis emotions were played npon, his heart was probed. And he never dreamed he was being experimented oo. He loved this exquisite creature, this dainty, soft, purring beauty, as be loved his lile. He coveted her and longed to shut her close to his big, faithful, honest heart. At last came the night when Violet carried her passion for 44 atmosphere ” and 44 local colouring ” to its climax. They had gone for their customary evening stroll, and had climbed up a lofty butte to a broad ledge of rocks. At their feet yawned the canon, tremendous,awful, black, save where the moonlight touched the opposite wall with ghostly fingers. Back of them loomed the range, like the battlements of a phantom city. Through tho pines in the canou the wind came sighing in mournful cadence. While far, far below sounded the faint rushing of water—the river tumbling and foaming along over its rocky bed. 44 What a weird place,” cried Violet with a pretty little shudder, 44 and what a ghost-like night. Why did we never come np here before, Jack ? What a scene !” Weathcrby was lying at her feet where he had thrown himself to rest after their climb He turned his face, white in the moonlight, toward her, and fixing his dusky, unfathom able eyes upon her, said : 441 kept this place for this hour. I meant to bring you here when l got my courage to the point where I could say all that is in my heart. Many a time down there,” pointing to the ranch lying below, 441 hare looked np here and thought of the time I would bring you up to toll you how I loro For one instant Violet felt a queer little thrill. The simple dignity of his declaration almost moved the worldly, cold-blooded girl. Then she thought of ber local colouring. 44 What- a situation for my novel,” she said to herself ; then aloud gently : 44 So you really love mo, Jack ?” 44 Love you ?” he echoed passionately, as he rose and sat down beside her, “ Violet, look,” taking ber band, 44 my heart lies here in this dear little’band.” Then throwing all reserve to the winds, be seized her and kissed her madly, tempestuously. She struggled to free herwdf and at length succeeded. 44 How dare you ?” she demanded, “ how dare 44 How dare I ?” he cried. ** Why dearest, I love you—I lovo you. do you hear ? And you, yon love me a little, do you not ?” He was approaching, her again, when sho said con temptuously : 44 No, not a bit. I have simply been studying you.” Ho stood as if turned to stone. 41 Studying me,” he aaid, in a queer voice, 44 studying— why—why ?” he savagely demanded, as he raucht her wrist and held it in an iron grip. •4 You were so different,” she faltered, a bit frightened at his sudden ferocity. 44 I wanted a new type for my book, you know. I suppos* Tom told you I write books-” An absolutely murderous look swept ovei Wratherby’s face. 44 No,” he said, 44 no one told me that. So you write books? And you wanted to put me in it—was that it ? Answci me, answer me.” 44 Yes,” sbe murmured faintly 44 And that was all ! You never loved me— never meant to marry me ?” 44 Why, no, how could I ? I am to bv married in the fall to a man in New York—” A snarl like that of an infuriated beast inter* rupted her. Livid with rage be sprang toward her. Once again he crushed her, shrinking and trembling, to his breast, then dragged her to tbf very edge of the canon, gaping like the bottom less pit to receive them. And as her agonised creams - pierced the soft summer night, Weatherby, still holding her against his out fHtd be»rt, stopped off. They found them licit day in the bottom of thn canon. Violet’s lovely face urns past rocoi; niiion, but on Weatherby’s lingered a smile of such awful triumph as would have pleased the arch-fiend himself. 