THE MINE MASTER'S DAUGHTER: OR THE MISER'S ATONEMENT BY J. MONK FOSTER, Author of " A Pitbrow Lassie," "Slaves of • Fate," "Children of Darkness," "A Crimson Fortune," "Through Flood and Flame," "Passion's Altormath," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XVIII. FOR SOMEBODY'S SWEET SAKE. Jack Ulvarston spoke no word in response to the plaint his companion had made concern- ing his lost fortune, but when he had refilled his old master's glass with about equal portions of water and whisky he placed the tumbler before Lynn, and then, with a grave look on his frank face, and a sympathetic gleam in his soft blue eyes, he drew up his chair close to the other's. "You are in a big hole, Mr. Lynn, and----" "It's not merely a hole, lad, it's a pit! a pit!" Lynn cried, without waiting for Jack to finish. "I'm in a pit, without rope, or cage, or rods; and I'm wondering"—here a faint ghost of a smile flickered across the thin, eager features—"however, I shall manage to creep out of it." "You are in a hole—a pit then if you prefer it," Jack corrected himself as the other's hands were raised in protest, "and what you have to consider is how to get out of it." "That's it! That's it! How am I to get out of it? Tell me if you can, and I'll go down on my knees and bless you!" the old man ex- claimed, passionately, as he raised the new drink to his lips with quivering fingers. "If I could have seen a way out of the hole, as you call it, should I have been wandering about the country lanes at midnight?" he added, with a peevish ring in his tones as if he con- sidered that fate had hoodwinked him some- how. "Should I have been half mad all day with my troubles? Tell me that, Ulvarston!" "I will tell you one thing, Mr. Lynn," Jack said, in a firm voice that drew the other's gaze and kept it fixed. "If we are to discuss this difficulty of yours I must pray you to calm yourself at once. We will, if you don't mind, try to talk like men who, in playing a game for fortune, accept the result with stiff upper lips, and not like puling schoolboys when they lose their marbles. If you will only calm yourself we will try to think of and do something." "I am calm now—much calmer now!" Lynn said meekly. "But if you had lost all—every thing----" "I should pray to God not to permit me to make a fool, or an ass, or a laughing-stock of myself," Jack said, with cold scorn. "Men who play for big stakes, Mr. Lynn, must be prepared to pay when the game goes against them, you know." "But if you had lost" Mr. Lynn broke in again. "I should accept my lot with composure, at least, and put my hands again to the plough. But we are going away from the real business. I am grieved beyond words to hear of your misfortune, but, as you know, it is no use crying about milk that has been spilled. We will do so no more. Now to the facts of the case. In the first place, Mr. Lynn, what have you to suggest?" Jack's voice had a cheery ring now, and to hear it merely was to find relief. "I have nothing to suggest, Ulvarston," was the other's quietly spoken answer. "I have been trying all the evening in vain to devise some scheme that would relieve me from my embarrassing situation. I can do nothing—think of nothing." "Come, come!" still cheerily. "Your losses have made you magnify all obstacles. That your difficulties cannot be met and fought and conquered I am not going to believe, nor am I going to permit you to believe it. What was the exact sum you stated you had to raise by to-morrow some time?" "Four thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds." "A considerable amount, I must admit, to small colliery owners such as ourselves, but a mere fleabite to others. That money will have to be found in some way, Lynn." "How? How? Tell me that, and my trouble is over!" Abraham Lynn responded, with his keen eyes upon his companion. "What would you suggest, Ulvarston?" "Well, in the first place, I would beg leave to remind you of one rather important matter you appear to have forgotten, Mr. Lynn," said Jack, smilingly. "What is that?" Lynn demanded with evi- dent eagerness. "You must recollect, I am sure, the un- known Syndicate of mining people who offered, nay pressed, you to accept the snug sum of £20,000 for the Moss Lane Colliery?" "That is no use now," Lynn answered moodily, as he shook his grey head vigor- ously. "No use! Why Sir?" cried Jack. "They absolutely refuse to touch it now at any reasonable price!" was the startling answer. "I thought of them first of all, and I offered to sell to- day." "At what figure?" "Twenty—fifteen—ten—seven thousand, even—and my offer was simply laughed at. What do you think of that, Ulvarston?" "Rather singular that, wasn't it, Mr. Lynn?" Jack queried, with a somewhat sphinx-- like smile on his face. "If it was worth £20,000 a year or so ago—if they deemed the colliery a rare bargain at that price—how is it that its value has fallen so immensely?" "I think you know, Ulvarston, and I know now if you don't," Lynn exclaimed. "The Syndicate knew there was cannel in Ashurstlea somewhere, and they intended to get hold of both Moss Lane and the White House Colliery. You've got hold of the latter, and they know that an ounce of the cannel hasn't been found yet at my place. It was the cannel they wanted, and now they can't have it." "I am very sorry for the gentlemen," Jack muttered, cynically. "And I'm only sorry that I didn't close with their offer the moment it was made," the troubled speculator whined. "And but for you, Ulvarston, I should have done so. You persuaded me not to, and now I am standing on the very verge of ruin." The covetous-souled man sighed sadly, queruously, as he thought of the score of thousands he had thrust from him. "Quite true, Mr. Lynn, I did persuade you," said Jack. "But you will remember that I urged you to do something else. When your tide of prosperity was at its height, what did I ask you to do? Didn't I beg of you to lease at once and reopen the White House Colliery, and obtain possession of every available acre of unlet coal you could lay hands upon in this neighbourhood? I did that, and you laughed at the idea—scouted the notion, as this famous Syndicate now scouts the idea of purchasing the Moss Lane concern at any figure. I had an idea then that there was something under the surface of that offer, and I urged you to take and keep what others wanted to acquire; but you told me that you were not in the habit of buying pigs in pokes, and the chance went by you. Well, you know now that I had the courage to back my opinions as soon as I was able to do so, and, fortunately I managed to get hold of the prize you were afraid to touch, I believe, Mr. Lynn, that I am only speaking the truth?" "It is true, Ulvarston! God's truth!" the old man cried, shivering under the blast of the young man's plain speech. "Forgive me for mentioning it, will you? This trouble has upset me. If I had only taken your advice always I should have been a better man now. It's the truth, Ulvarston, and I admit it!" "Well, Mr. Lynn," said Jack, more kindly, "we will talk of those matters no further. What we have to consider next is where to look for the assistance you require so greatly. What of your bankers? Surely the Warring- ham and District Bank will advance you enough to tide you over the worst? You must try them, Mr. Lynn." "They have declined to advance another fraction," was the moody reply. "The honest truth is this, Ulvarston. The Bank already holds a mortgage on the colliery and the Grange to the extent of the sum I have named. They are my only creditors, and unless my liabilities are met to-morrow they will certainly foreclose the mortgage. You see now how I am fixed." "I see," said Jack, thoughtfully. Then he added, "I understand that the Manager of the Bank is Mr. Henry Cunningham's father?" "That is so." "One would have thought the father would have done something to help you, considering —everything!" he added hastily. "He will do nothing!" Lynn cried, sullenly. "Mr. Cunningham, senior, will no doubt warn his son against my daughter now that he knows I am tottering on the edge of social damnation. That is all I expect of him!" was the savage rejoinder Lynn made. "But what of your prospective son-in-law, then? Mr. Henry Cunningham, I fancy, should be able to help you in this supreme crisis of your existence," Ulvarston returned. "He at all events must have the desire to further your interests, Mr. Lynn. Have you never thought of applying to him?" "I have not only thought of applying to Mr. Henry, but I have done so," Lynn cried, with knitted brows and a scowling counte- nance. "But, unfortunately," he went on, with curling lips, "his own difficulties at the present moment are so imminent and embar- rassing that he finds a heap of trouble in meet- ing them. In plain English, Mr. Henry stated that, greatly as he wished to assist me, he couldn't possibly help me in any way. Not to the extent of a single sovereign." "Now I should never have thought that young Cunningham was in a corner," Jack retorted, with a meaning look at the mobile face of his companion. "Why, what do you mean?" Lynn de- manded, with suddenly lifted brows and eager gaze. "Well, that young gentleman seemed gay and prosperous enough this evening when I saw him at the theatre. He was----" "Are you sure, Ulvarston, quite certain, that it was Henry Cunningham you saw there?" the master of the Grange interrupted the other with some heat. "Of course," Jack said quietly. "I am positive of that, Mr. Lynn, for I know him fairly well now. Besides, I met him at the Victoria Hotel earlier in the evening. In fact, we spoke to each other there." "Then Cunningham is a mean, lying hound!" Lynn exclaimed, as he jumped to his feet. "When I saw him to-day, he had the infernal cheek to ask me to apologize to my daughter as a most urgent engagement pre- vented him from coming to the Grange this evening; and now you tell me he was at the theatre enjoying himself, while my poor Annie was stuck fast at home; mourning his absence, I daresay!" "He was certainly at the theatre," Jack answered, with a kind of malicious pleasure, "and appeared to be enjoying himself im- mensely, for he and his friend were the observed of all observers." "His friend!" Lynn cried, as he sank back upon his chair. "Who was with him?" "Mr. Cunningham's friend was a lady; and I understand that she is very wealthy and charitably disposed. Perhaps you will know the lady—Miss Crosdell?" "Miss Crosdell!" Lynn hissed, venomously. "Do you mean old James Crosdell's daughter?" "The same, I believe," Jack said, calmly, noting with keen delight the impression his information had produced upon the other. "I haven't the pleasure of knowing the attenuated lady with the bilious face, but I was told that she was some Crosdell's daughter, and owned some cotton mills in the town, and was also one of the richest women in Warringham." "It must have been Miss Crosdell, then! And you say Henry Cunningham was with her?" Lynn asked again, as if he were loth to believe what he had heard. "I have already said so. They entered the theatre together, and during the performance were never away from each other a moment. They smiled and chatted like very old friends —as I suppose they are—and when the play was over I saw them ride away together in Miss Crosdell's carriage." "Cunningham!" Lynn spluttered, acridly, as he rose to his feet and took a stride or two before the fireplace. "Like a common rat he is already sneaking away from the ship he thinks is going to sink, and like the mean, lying, selfish hound that he is he has already got his eyes on Miss Crosdell's money bags. Curse him, Ulvarston! Curse him!" "Why should I curse him?" Jack asked, with sarcastic coolness. "He is, I think, hardly worth the risk, is he? Sit down and let us talk of your own affairs, Mr. Lynn." "But the infernal cheek of that heartless, good-looking young prig irritates me beyond endurance," Lynn murmured, as the recollec- tion of his own embarrassed state sobered both his face and his speech. As he seated himself he added, "I don't believe, Ulvarston, that he cares a rap for Annie, and she hasn't the sense to see it. Now that my money has vanished he would like to be out of it altogether. I understand! I understand! But she can't see—or won't!" "The man who prefers Miss Crosdell and her money-bags, Lynn, to your daughter is simply beneath contempt!" Ulvarston said, in a strong, impressive undertone. "I'd rather have one Miss Lynn than a whole universe of Miss Crosdells." There was a brief spell of silence between the two men. Ulvarston's reflections now were of the other's peerless daughter and of her mercenary- minded lover. If he had to choose between Miss Crosdell with all her thousands and Annie Lynn penniless, home- less, how long would lie hesitate? Not a moment. The long, atrabilious countenance of the rich dame chilled him; the sweet, pure, winsome face of Annie was a lure, a magnet, that drew his heart. Abraham Lynn was regarding his old manager with a new interest now. The few warm words that Jack had uttered in his daughter's defence had lifted the veil from his sternly suppressed and carefully hidden affec- tion. The secret of Jack's luckless love was a secret no longer to the master of the Grange. The old man understood at last; and the knowledge made him full of wrath for two--- full of pity for one. "Well, Ulvarston," Lynn said presently, speaking in a soft, almost caressing, voice now, "what am I to do?" "What are you to do! Yes, that is the Question, Mr. Lynn," Jack said, in the manner of one dragging himself from a dream. As his blue eyes left the fire and fixed themselves on his old employer's face he asked quietly. "Has Miss Lynn any idea of the true position of your affairs?" "She knows everything, Ulvarston!" "Everything, Lynn?" "Yes, all there was to tell. She is aware that Cunningham and all the others I have mentioned either cannot or won't help me." "But she does not know, I suppose, that you are here to-night?" "She does know," was the calm response. "To tell you the truth, Ulvarston, it was at her suggestion that I came here." Jack did not answer for some moments. He rose from his seat and stood with his back to the fire; his face composed and thoughtful, his eyes filled with an introspective light. Lynn finished his whisky in a methodical way, poured out another half-tumbler of water and drank it also, and then the young man turned suddenly. "I think I can manage it for you, Lynn," Jack said, very undramatically. "I'm not a rich man, as you know, but if you will come here to-morrow, at ten o'clock, you shall have the money." "You mean it, Ulvarston?" Lynn gasped, incredulously. "I mean it, Mr. Lynn!" "God bless you, lad!" The master of Moss Lane held out his hand in sudden warmth, and Jack shook it firmly. Then he thrust on his hat as they walked out, and saw his visitor into the lane. 