PART II. Meanwhile, that Boy Jack, generally ashore: with his mother, had, as luck would have it, made up his mind to stay on board this particular night of all others. Heartily tired of waiting for those adventures, looming large at first, but growing ever fainter as time went on, he, to console himself, in some wise. had bought a "shilling shocker," dealing with scalps and gore to an extent perfectly enthralling. And he lay on the starboard locker in the lamplight, and read, and, I grieve to say it, smoked "Old Judges," only pausing at intervals to mourn over the degeneracy of the common place days in which Providence had cast his lot. Overheard he could hear Johnson stumping the deck fore and aft, and in the little galley ths rattling of pots and pans, as Bralga cleared up after supper. Suddenly there fell on his ear the sound of something scraping alongside; then voices, blows, a heavy splash, and, the next moment, down,the companion. steps rushed Johnson, the blood spurt. ing thick from a great gash in his breast. For a minute he stood sway. ing full in the flood of light cast by the big Rochester lamp, his ruddy Scandi- navian features blanched a ghastly white, his blue eyes staring - wide open. Then. without a word, he fell crashing at Jacks feet. " That will do," said a deep, stern voice, as the hood was banged to; "that fellow's got more than he can carry. For-'ard, now and knock the pin out ouit of the shackle, one of you, and let the cable slip; Come here Louis, and give me a hand with the mains'l. Shift, you French lubbers; shift; or we'll have a crowd off from shore before we get under way." Standing there dazed, but still with every sense in him thrilling, he felt the cutter lean over, and heard the splash of water along her sides; heard the creak of block and tackle, and the clank of winch-pawle, as the great mainsail was boom-ended; heard the rattle of hanks upon wire "stay -and knew the foresail was going up—all these sounds coming to him as in a waking night- mare, whilst his fixed stare diever left the dead face on the floor, the dread fully changed face that, for "Master Jack," had ever borne a pleasant smile. Presently came a rattle at the com- panion-door, and the same deep ,voice. said, " Keep her head 'N-+-W., until I see how things are below" With a wild look around, Jack darted into his mother's berth. But, in a second, he was out again; and, just as a leg landed on the first stair, he raised the little lazarette-hatch be- aft the cabin-table, and let himself noiselessly into the darkness amongst the stores. "Hi, there, on deck !" he heard the man shout. "Open the skylight and send down a rope's-end! There's one too many here. Haul him up, and give him a passage." Then came a bump- ing noise that Jack knew must be made by poor Johnson's body being dragged on deck. Thinking that, probably, a search would soon be made, he got through the small door that divided the laza- rette from the main hold, where, on the ballast, were stowed the water tanks, spare sails, and oddments. And, knowing every inch of the place, he snugged away under a heap of canvas. None too soon; for in a few minutes a light flashed in the store-room, and, peeping, Jack saw a big, bearded man, accompanied by a small, dark one, step- out into the hold. Swinging the lan- tern around, the former said, "She's only a yacht, Louis, No loot, no booty, nothing but stores-more's the pity ! However, its the boat we wanted. And she's dirt cheap at two lives !" Right for'ard, in the bows, was the forecastle, easily entered from the hold. Here, in a locker, Jack found some salt pork, a round of fresh beef, and some bread—enough provisions to last him for a week. But at present he was far too excited to think of eating. All be could do was to sit on a chest in the gloom amongst the cockroaches, and listen to the creaking and groan- ings of the cutter's timbers, as she foamed along before a strong westerly breeze, In front of him hung a lot of oilskins, that swished backwards and forwards on the bulkhead with every lurch of the vessel, like a row of banged men with sou- westers on, just discern- ible, in the semi-darkness, lit only by a single dead-light in the deck above. And here he thought and thought, and made plan afterplan, all equally futile. By listening at the lazarette hatch he heard enough to know that the men. in possession of the Buln Buln spent most of their time on deck. According to his calculations, he had been below two days, when he made up his mind to, at all risks, discover what was going to be done with the cutter, and, if possible, to get hold of his re- volver. And, at what he thought must be about midnight, with a beating heart, he slowly lifted the little hatch wide enough to get his head up. The cabin was empty, and, like. .a flash, he was out and into his own berth, panting with excitement as he crouched, and felt with trembling fingers for l his revolver. It was there, and as he slipped back the breech-block anid filled in the long, heavy C.F,'s—six of them—his lips set, and a warm glow of pleasure seemed to fill his veins with fresh life and cour age. He had left the door ajar, fastened only by a hook and eye, and by the light from the cabin lamp he saw that the place had been well rummaged, but was unoccupied. His tin clothes-box lay on its side, with its contents strewed about the floor. The revolver he grasped so firmly was actually the only weapon on board. And the searchers had missed it ! He was nearly sure, too, that the pirates, as he always called them to himself, had nothing but their knives. Rising, he drew the curtains that hung before the door, leaving a narrow slit, through which he could see what was going on in the cabin. Evidently be had made a mistake in the time, for the table was laid. It looked dark enough outside, but must, he now thought, be only supper time, Whilst he watched, the smaller man of the pair he had seen in the hold came down with his arm full of dishes,. the appetising odour of which made Jack's stomach sore after his cold fare washed down with cold water. Presently the man with the big beard descended, and the two began to eat. "Fifty miles east of Cape York, Louis, said the Englishman, " and the breeze still holding fairly. We'll begin to make our southing through the passage soon. .We've done well. But I wish we'd found some weapons. You see, many of the natives on the islands hereabouts are not the most amiable people in the world. Have you searched everywhere ?" " Oui. mon capitaine," replied the other. "'and none anywheres do we find. No rifle, no gun, no pistolet. By gar, we have nothing but de knives !"' " Well, well," replied the big man, " if we can only make Tanna, I know friends there who will supply us. Re- member we're right in the track of shipping now, and must keep a very sharp look-out. We're shorthanded, too, and it'll have to be trick and tie. But that won't matter as long as the weather keeps as fine as it is. This isn't bad rum ; very strong, though. Finished; well, then, you can go and relieve Auguste at the tiller, whilst I see to the side lights before some d—d steamer cuts us down. Tell, him to leave the rum and biscuits on the table after he's done, big ship fash. A nip now and again during these long watches won't hurt any of us." And all this time the long barrel of Jack's revolver pointed .steady as a rock across the brass catch of the door, straight for the speaker's broad breast. More than once his finger had pressed the trigger ever so lightly, He knew he could have sho' him dead at any moment. But Auguste was at the other end of the table. To get a fair aim at him he would have to throw the door wide open and fire in the smoke. By that time the other pirate would be down. But for all this nice calculating of his chances he had almost decided to risk it, had, indeed, raised his left hand ready to push off the hook as he fired, when, his eye catching sight of a small box underneath the table, a new idea flashed into his brain, and be allowed the pair to leave the cabin scatheless. Then the other scoundrel, named Auguste, came down, and Jack watched him eating, and drinking rum and water out of the big square bottle of "Mackay's Special." At last he, too, finished, cleared away the things with national neatness and despatch, placed a tray of biscuits alongside the bottle, turned down, the lamp, and went on deck. Like a ghost Jack slipped out, and fell on his knees before the medicine chest, lashed to ringbolts on the floor. Another minute, and he had found what he had often been accustomed to get for his mother—a goodasized bottle labelled "Tinct. Opium." Another minute, and, pouring three-parts of its contents into the rum, he was back again to his berth. "'That ought to put the wretches to sleep, anyhow," quoth he, as he re- sumed his watch. "If it doesn't, well, then, I will have to shoot and chance it,' But I'd sooner take 'em alive. I wonder if the stuff 'll taste the rum too much ?" This question, was soon answered. The big Englishman, coming in, poured out half a tumblerful, added a little water, and drank the lot off at agulp, smacked his lips. doubtfully, shook his head, took another dose without water, appeared satisfied, and returned to the deck. One after the other, at intervals, the Frenchmen entered and helped them selves—Louis liberally,. Auguste in moderation. The spirit was, strong, fiery, and many degrees. over-proof. But the laudanum had evidently given it a "twang," for Louis; as he drank, muttered "Sacristi !" and " Lonnerre de dieu !" whilst:Auguste exclaimed " Dam le rhum! it burn, and taste not anyhow!" and made extraordinary faces, at which,, anxious and:excited as he was,. Jack grinned., It was a fine starlight night, and a cool breeze struck his hot cheeks re- freshingly. Alongside the tiller lay the body of a man. The cutter had jibed, and the great main sail coming up in the wind, again threatened every minute to bring the boom back. Stoop ing, Jack saw that the prostrate figure was that of the Frenchman, Louis.. But where were the others ?. Could the boom have ewept them overboard ?. Seizing the till, he put it hard up, slip- ping the rope used for the purpose over it head. As he tuned his face for'ard he saw a face come towards him out of a dark patch of shadow by the galley. Stealthily, but with uncertain footsteps" it approached, until Jack recognised Auguste evidently suffering from, the effects of the opiate but not quite overcome. In his hand the lad could see a long bright knife. Doubtless the Frenchman had been watching for some- time, for he came on muttering wildly and incoherently but plainly meaning mischief. He had reached the sky- light, and with a, hparse growl of rage, and knife uplifted, was gathering him self together for a rush, when Jack, taking steady aim over his wrist, fired, smashing his shoulder, and the fellow went down like a log, and writhed on the deck, moaning, and saying lots of things that the lad, although his father paid five pounds a year extra for his French, could make nothing of. However, running across, he took the knife, and shied it overboard, say ing, " Where's the other man—the big man with the beard?" " Oh, oh !" groaned the other, " bous m'avez tue! Oh! Mon epaule !" " Bother Paul !" replied Jack fiercely," putting his pistol the fellow's head, and keeping a wary look out on all sides " I didn't ask you for his name. Where is he, I want to know? No gammon, now ! You can speak Eng- lish all right, because I've heard you !" " The capitaine, m'sier ?" replied the other between his groans and exclama- tions. " De boom sweep him over de board. I for'ard; he stand on de sky light, dere, as Louis fall at de tiller. He gave a cry, but not come up never no more. Ah, Ciel! I die !" and he rolled over quite still. "I don't think you're dead," re- marked Jack, " and if you are it's only. one for poor old Johnson and Bralga," Then, after giving the fellow at the tiller a kick to make sure that he wasn't shamming, he went for'ard, finger on trigger, as far as the little forecastle. But there was no one there, Jack was master of the Buln Buln, with his hands very full indeed. Returning, he unrove the signal-hal- liards and tied up Louis scientifically, not quite certain whether he was alive or dead. Auguste had bled a good deal, and was insensible, or shamming. So Jack, after roughly bandaging his shoulder, tied him up also. Not for nothing had he helped to rope colts in Buln Buln branding-yards, And he told himself he couldn't afford to throw away chances. Then for the first time he looked around and out-board. To his sur- prise there was high land looming up' on either side. In fact, the Buln Buln seemed heading for an island port. Jumping to the main sheet, Jack, ex- erting all his strength, at last got the boom amidships. Only that the wind had almost completely died away he could never have managed this. Then, letting go throat and peak and gafftopsail halliards, down came all the cutter's canvas by the run, and she rested nearly stationary. For some time past Jack, amidst all the hurry, bustle and excitement, had been dimly coascious of hearing a dull churning noise somewhere in air or sea. Now taking apisell and looking astern, he saw, through the darlkness, a great Sgreen eye shining. Closer and closer came the measuired throbbing like the hurried panting of some sea monster, whose dim bulk he could just discern against the stars... A steamer! .And Jack yelled and shouted with joy; and fired off all the chainbers of his revolver in quick suc- cession, sounding like stock whip cracks on the cool air of the tropical morning. There was a musical jangling of bells somewhere ,the churning ceased, and, before he realised it, the great mass was gliding gently up, and hail ing, "Cutter ahoy ! What are you" dolng there; acting the goat right in the fair way ? Clear out ? An order emphasised by a long blast of her syren. "I want help !" shouted Jack, with a quaver in his voice, as the echoes died away. " I've got two pirates here!' They stole our cutter, and --" but here the long, heavy strain began to tell, and, despite his .struggles, he broke down a little and choked. In a minute a great bright light flared out on board, the steamer, showing her towering black sides lined with faces. from for'ard' right 'aft; throwing the little cutter in strong relief, and dis closing Jack standing on the skylight, revolver in hand; below him; on the deck, the senseless bodies of the two men, one lying in a dark pool of blood \--a picture, while it lasted, as dramatic as the most exacting artist could de sire. " Lower away the gig, and pass a line aboard to tow the cutter." And very quickly Jack and his cap- tives were got aboard the Q.B.N. Co.'s steamer Arafura ; the bells clanged again, away down in the engine room, and, with the Buli Buln cutting two ridges of foam behind her, and the big boat set her nose north-about for the Gulf. And as Jack, very pale and faint, but striving mightily not to break down, stood in the saloon amidst a crowd of passengers, who seemed to be all talking to him at once, a very familiar voice said, in tones of such utter astonishment as made a silence,. "Well, I'm damned, if it isn't that boy Jack!" It took all the surgeon of the Ara- fura's skill to restore the drugged man, Louis, to consciousness, so nearly had Jack, as he phrased it, " put a set on him." Indeed, the pair of rascals were but in poor plight when trans- ferred to the Normanville hospital, whence they eventually emerged to, in absence of actual proof of murder, serve life sentences. If Mr Davey was astonished at the meeting, he was equally proud when he came to hear the full particulars of his son's adventure. And, of course, Jack was the hero of the hour with all the " Arafuras," from the captain to the cook's mate. But he put on no "side " not even as much as he was fairly entitled to, and was, I think,, prouder by far of his father's simple "Good lad ? good lad !" and his hand-grip, as of one man with another, than of all the praise, petting, and admiration he received on every side when familiar in people's mouths as household words throughout the Far North became the story of. "That Boy Jack."—Australasian. 