HIS llill'S SMUT. i ' ? ! CHAPTER XI (Continued.) 'This is the letter that Cyril Hatherley read to Lord Neville ; ' Mr Dbab Son. — I encloBe , Pearl's pioture ; ^ have loved her and been dreaming of hopes mur dered now, alas ! apd by a tigress in the shape of lovely woman. Cyril, believe toe, I at no time loved you as now, with that helpless lovo an old man foolo ? rvM in fnllr ? nn man'* fault: si a) ply my devotion to myself alone. Por a long time money has cursed roe. Hidden away from man in my secret chamber the golden dreams took wing to Fortune's' throne. Her Bmile's illusory [ her name ? is cruel death 1 Is thero a priceless pfsarl like human love P Picture my fate t it is horrible ! Oh, Cyril; here in my loneliness, unable to cry out to Bent ; unable to withstand death's oruel grip [ her face in its beauty ever before mo, and by her magnetism she shadows me ! It iB gono ! Ha, ha 1 ^ Gone gone forever ! I am myself again— am dying alone, remorseful 5 dying ! I swear she has my -curse, now and forever I Who believeB in woman, like me, is lost, hopes dead, heart orushed. Oh, Cyril, ' ' the Lord will avenge ! ' Tour dying father, 'Mad Hatherley.' 'A peculiar letter,' was Neville's com ment, when Hatlierly ccnsed reading. ' I fail ? to soe any clue to the money in it though, or ' to anything else, Cyril. , He was as ho lias signod himself — mad!' , ' My fathor was an expert in tho art of ? secret writing,' Hathorly rejoined, thought fully, and there is moro in this than appears on the surface. . Ho invented a system, of communications by cipher which was accepted by the government whon I was ft child, and I believe-that it was tho only quiet study in. which he took any real interest. Unfortun ' ately, I am not good at solving riddlos, and I .dare not put this in tho hands of an expert., There may be nothing in it, but I feel positive, that there is. It may contain somo important communications by ' means of an acrostic, a motagram, an anagram, or in any of tho hundred and ono forms of puzzles that have beou from time to time invented, and I only wish that lie had left tho lcoy of this behind him. For tlio present, I will put it safoly away, and in a day or two dovote my energies and wits to its solution — if such a thing ' is possiblo.' ' And do you object to my having a copy of tho letter?' askod Novillo. 'I may bo ablo to hit upon something, you know.' 'Certainly not, old man. I am only too pleased that you suggest it ; for I must con fess that at solving theso things I am tho greatest blockhead imaginable. You know the importance of keoping tho contents of tlio letter safe from othors. It must contain somothing which my poor father' doomed to bo of tlio most, vital importance; for it was written while he was dying, and, at the samo time, was writton for mo alone.' The writing materials had been moved from tho table to tho mantolpiooo, and ' Hatlierly at onco made a fair copy of his father's last lettor, which he carefully folded up aud 'gave to Lord Neville. 'I will show John Bont tho photograph. of ? the girl,' ho wont 011, 'and ask him if ho romombors her. By the way, Neville, does sho not remind yon somewhat of . Miss wf Anstey?' Brandon flushod a littlo, and replied, uneasily . ' Tho same thought, struck mo,' only that Miriam has black hair, and is soijio eight . years older than this unfortunato girl.' Ho took tho miniaturo of Miss AiiBtoy from his bosom, and laid it sido .by side with tho cheap 'photograph found in Hathorly's lottor. ' At first sight tho likeness appeared to bo strong, but tho longer tlio pioturos woro com pared, tho faiutor it become. ' It is ? not very fluttering to my dn.rling Miriam,' Lord Novillo obsorvod, ' tocomparo her with this protty but vulgar creature. From hor appoarnnco, I should judgo that she was a chorus girl, or somotliing of tho . kind. ' Thoro is tho ovorlasting simpor, and tawdy .stylo of dress; tho affioctntion of simplicity, and the hair in showors of goldon bronze.- But, tho colouring, is good and artistic, wlioovor may have 'boon guilty of it. No, Hathorly, thero is littlo likonoss now,' Ho roplacod Miss Anstoy's miniaturo aftor fondly kissing it half a dozen times, and loft that of tho unfortunate girl whom they Bupposod to be namod Poarl Winthrop lying on tlio . tablo. . ' 1 ' Thoro is- tho namo of tho photograph or on tlio back,' ho observed. 'I will copy it in my pockot-book for futuro roforonco, Cyril,' ' Db so by all moans. ' Ono never knows ?yvhat those littlo thiugs aro likely .to load to,', Hathorly ropliod. ! ' Brandon read, aloud, ' John Hopkins, Markot Plaoo, Dorby,' and hastily soribblod it down in his book, for Hathorly ,'wns trimm ing tho lamp, preparatory to thoir investigat ion of tho wost towor. \- ' Hark !' Lord Neville suddonly oxolairnod, ' '.What is that?' ? ' CHAPTER XII. TUB DI806vBBY.'iK.'BHB'.W138T TOWHH. A furious bark from Hootor roverboratod through tho houso, followod by growls like the muttoring' of tlnindor. ' ' , Cyril sliarply opbnod tlio door of tli'o room tlioy_ woro occupying, and for a moment fanoiod that ho hoard; tho croaking of .boards. ' Ghost (' laughed Brandon Novillo. 'Rats, probably,' ropliod Hathorly, somo what brufquely, ' Como, Novillo, it is oloyon o'clock. IE wo dolay until, , , ''Tlio vory wltahinsc timo of nlgjlib, When ohurahyarda yawn, and lioll itself breathe out Contagion to this world,' ; ' ns I-Iamlot. says, my norvos will givo way. Mid I Bliall bo oompollod to fortify thom^ith Hoc tor's companionship,' 1 'If that is a throat,' smilod Brandon, 'I am with you at 91100. I prefer a quiet old ghost to that dog of yours, - Hathorly took up tho lamp, and as thoy crossed tlio hall I10 shoutod to Hootor to Ho down. Tlio reply was a plainti vo whimpor, followod by a howl that made Noyillo's blood run oold. ' Jove J old chap,' ho said, to his com ? panion. ' If I oould spui'o tho timo to stay lioro to-morrow, 1' should ask you to dofor this invoKtimitibn, That domon dog has givon :mo a turn I' ' It is too oarly to givo in yot,' Cyril ro pliod, quiotly, j' baoauBO if wo llnd any thing, it must bo buried to-night, I dare noluain tlio risk of; leaving it riboTO ground another hour I' Ho turnod up tlio central stair-way, and both stopped lightly, so that Jaoob Wise nhould not bo disturbed, , . ?/, «. Tho vidot had ohotWn a bedroom that opened dirootly upon tlio oak gnllevy, and was purl; of tlio house usually rosoryed for visitors. Ho had loft tlio door ajnr, and tlioy dia mnotly hoard his muusurod bruatliing. ' ' You must pardon my man for selecting ono of tho best positions the place affords,' Brandon said ; 'but, under the circumstances, I think that he shows very superior dis crimination. I should not care to bo located by myself in. the servant's quarters.' ' I expect that it was his snoring that disturbed Hector,' Hatlierly remarked. They peeped into the bedroom in passing, and Jacob appeared to bo enjoying a sound sloop. Lord Neville gently olosed the door after him, whispering : ( 'We shall be as safe from interruption as though we were alone in the house.' At tho ond of the' gallery Cyril unlocked a door which led into a long winding passage ' ' This,' I10 explained, ' is the' west wing, and is surmounted by a towor, which was used as a belfry a contury since. . The boll is still thore, but I do not think that it has been rung for twenty years, I remember that there was great merry making one Christmas when I was quite a child, and tho bell was rung. Beneath the. tower is the chapel, which my father converted into a billiard room and gymnasium, for lie was at one time a great follower of athletic sports. Tho stairway from tho chapel to the belfry has long been blocked, and 110 w this is the only way'loft open.' Tlioy -wore now staudiug in a largo cir cular chamber, the floor of ' which was deop with dust. On one side was an oak door, black with age, which refused to be opened until treated to a vigorous kick. Beyond was a spiral stone stairway; up ' which the young mon ascended, to tho wonderment of an army of bats, which whirled around the light that Hatherley carried, their whirring wings malcincr sounds that were almost metallic. At the top Cyril paused, and said, a littlo huskily: , ' This is tlio west towor. Look above, and you will see the belfry. I£ the rope were pulled, and the bell put in motion. I have no doubt that the surrounding cottagers would be eligible for a lunatic asylum in tho morning.' . ' I see nothing here but a couplo of broken chairs,' Lord Neville said, as he glanced half fearfully about him. ' So you see that my' prediction is correct, old man.' ' Ono moment,' interrupted Hathorly. ' Thero is a room through yonder doorway known as the ponance-ehanibor. It has but one window, which would not admit a man's head, and, from the tnickness of tbo iron clampod door, was probably used as a cell in remote times. If nothing is found iu tliore, I shall begin to hope.' The faces of both young men woro palo with suppressed excitement, and when Hatherley handed tlio lamp to Neville, and began to tug at tho door they heard tho hasty scuttling of many rats. With a dismal groan, tho door swunrr onon. and the young mon stopped into tho penauco eliambor, thoir brows wot with perspiration. ' Great God ! It is tliofo !' groanod Hatlierly. ' My father was a murdorer I' Ho prossod his. hands over his oyes to shut out tho liorriblo sight, while Novillo flashed tho light from the lump upon what appoarod to bo a huddled up mass of bonos aud rags. Tho skolotou had been dismomborod by tho rats, and gloamod almost ns white as snow, tho lioad seeming to grin mockingly at the intruders. 'It is awful,' Brandon Novillo said. ' But boar up, old man. It was no fault of yours, and your fathor was mad.' 'Tlio burdon 'of this secrot will kill mo,' Cyril murmured. ' My futuro is a blank ! Advise mo, Novijlo. Am I doing, right in hiding this crimo from tho world P Tho murdoved girl may liavo frionds who aro in doubt_ regarding hor fato. How can I toll what inquirios lmvo been mado whilo I havo boon thousands of miles away ? What inquirios will bo made' in tlio future ? And yet, how can I pass through tho streets, and know that I am boing pointed out as tho son of tlio man who committed one of tlio cruliost mur ders of modern times ? Novillo, ought I to give up father's lottors to the police, and make known tln'H discovery?' Ho looked at his friend in an agony of doubt. .' ' No,' was the emphatic reply. ' What good could come of it ! Nono ! Why, tho place would bo overrun with dotoctives ond nowspaper reporters, and your life would bo a misory, Bury tho thing undor the stonos of this floor, or leavo it whoro it is and sorow up tho door. I am sorry for you, old man — awfully sorry. I have hoped all along that your fathor had boon merely suffering with some form of hallucination — but; lionvons ! lot's go out of this ; I am suffoating !' Ho had kicked the clothing at 'his foot, and a oloud of fine dust roBo up. ? _ ' It's a woman's dross, undoubtedly, though nibblod to piecus by tho rats and m'ico. And tlioro is a ring on ono of tho bones that was once a finger,' Novillo bont over it, adding, quiokly : 'I 'tell you what, old man, those romains ought not to bo loft hero to further destruction, iat least until tho Bonso of that last lottor of your fathor is mado out. Tlioy can oasily bo paokod into a small trunk, aud as I have somo knowlpdgo of surgory, I should liko at somo future timo to thoroughly examine tlio skele ton.' ? , , ? ' To what ond P' quostionod Cyril, ?liopo- loBsly. ? ' Well, thoro is somotliing 111' oomploto satisfaction,' Novillo yoplied, vaguoly. ' I will ovon promiso to dovote a day to you next wook iC you' consent, Put tho'skoloton and rags into a box, and sorow up tlio door. Sot to work upon that riddlo-mo-r^o of a lot tor, and 111 tho and tlioro may bo a .difToront story to toll,' 'This is ' nnothor of your sanguine thoorios,' Hu'thorly said, sadly. ' And you consent ?' ' Yos ; I hato burying tlio thing. I hata tho doooption and tho misory of.it nil, If there is tho ? ' ' Ding 1 dong I' ' The boll, nlmoBt inunodiutoly abovo tliom, to)lod faintly, and Novillo dro'ppod tho lamp to tho floor with a crash, ' Any matohos P' I10 asked iu tho noxt broatli, 'The lamp is smushod. I supposo that was- only causoa by tho wind P' ' Thoro is 110 wind worth montioning,' ro pliod Hathorly ; ' and if I had any boliof iu ghosts, I should bo undor tho impression that a mombor of that soloot fraternity wns playing pranks,' Ho Btruek a matoh on tho hbol of his shoo, adding : 1 ? ' Go ahond, and I will oloso tho door. To morrow I will effectually fiiston it,' Tha look has been out of, ordor for yoars, Tlio .0000,11- , trioity of that aonfournlod boll is past tixplaiu Lord Neville obeyed, and when the door of tho penance-chamber was closed,, they, glanced up at tho bell, and saw that it waa still slight ly oscillating, while from tho lowor regions came tho savage barking of Hector. ' His sharp oars heard tho bell,' was Cyril's comment, as ho seized tho trembling ropo and vigorously pulled ic to see if the great metal dome worked loosely on its bearings.' ' ' I can't understand it,' ho said again', ' unless the bell had been unbalanced by a taut ropo and wo unloosened it accidentally in passing.' 'The ropo was quite loose,' Neville de clared. ' I noticed that particularly. Come along, and keep your matchos going. My teeth are beginning to chatter. . That dog will waken Jacob, and frighten tho wits out of him.' ?* ? In a couplo of minutes they woro back in tho oak gallery, where tlioy could see each othor's scared faces clearly in the light of a large lamp burning on the hall tablo. ' Quite enough adventures for ono night,' Brandon said, decisively, ' and I propose that we cheer our perturbed spirits with tho contents of . another .wine bottle boforo wo retire to1 our beds. .Jove! I never .had a turn like that , before. I shall dream of nothing but skeletons and ghostly bells to night.' , Ho spoke half-jostingly now, and both, after a calm discussion, were of the opinion that tho bell must have been loft hanging at a sharp angle, owing to tho bearings of tlio wheel being heavily coated with dirt and rust, But why it should have recovered its balauce at that particular moment was not clear, and had to be attributed to that unkind Fate whioli docs ovorything at the wrong time. ? , It took a great amount of coaxing to pacify Hector, and Cyril would havo preferred his companionship to that of Novillo at that pre eiso moment. ' Poor old chap,' ho said. ' Ho takes it unkind of mo to chain him up the very tjrst day of my return homo. Now, Novillo, we hod bettor turn in. Your bedroom is noxt to mine, and I wish that I could wake in tlio morning with half your happy hopes for tlio future !' Brandon's face flushed joyously. , ' And so do I, old follow,' I10 rosponded, fervontly; ' but do not lose hoart until wo havo gone iuto ovorything to the' minutest detail. I will spend the busy portion of my life, if necessary, to tho elucidation ' of this mystery.' Cyril smilfcd sadly. , ; . ' Thank you,' he said.; ' but I am afraid that it will be a moro wasto of time, Neville.' , ' It is understood,' continued Brandon, waving his hand doprecatingly, '.that tho skoloton is put into a box, and bocomos my property, until I have timo'to completely over haul it. I promiso you a day noxt wook, and in the meantime I shall not bo idle in trying to road between tho linos of tho lottor I mado a copy of.' ' I havo agreed to all this,' said Cyril, ' both to humour you, and to furnish myself witli an excuse not to bury , tlio remains of tho murdorod girl. Good-night, Brandon, and pleasant ? droams. This is your room. Look round, and if you want anything, liam mor my door with tlio heel of your shoo.' (To bo continued'). 