. OE, THE y, MYSTERY OF BLACK IOL.O on, LOAW GRANGE. sat and CHAPTER XXIII.-(Co~vrnTuDc.) ter Mad Melville, flying homeward from tie the Gerhart cottage, almost stumbled ert- over him, as he lay like a log across the I to moorland path. Shite stood still, with a lec- snick, startled cry. land "H's dead !" she gasped, dropping on and her knees beside the prostrate figure. he "lTe's surely dead, poor fellow I" Td, The lightning flashed, and the thunder till roared threateningly amnid the peaks above, and in a few minutes the storm oor, would be upon her. But 3faud had no ert- thought of leaving this suffering stranger ier- alone. rith As she would have raised a hurt lamb, nes she raised the handsome head, and began no to pass her soothing hand over the white to brow. It was coe, red with blood and dirt, the fair. clustering hair was all tangled and clotted, and from the blue, close-shut lips a bloody foam oozed. An unutterable pain pierced lMaud's tender breast, nud a pity for this un to known man filled her dark eyes with ce. 'Oars. was "tIe's dead," she moaned again. to "Poor fellow ! what shall I do for him '" e0n The big drops began to fall heavily, lots and the winds shrieked across the gray s if moors like a troop of banshoes. SIte the caught the rain as it fell, and bathed his Ire- temples, smoothing back the fair hair; and under the mesmeric touches, the ry current of life began to flow again. A slow color rose in the marble eneeks, A. and she felt his heart beating against her as she held him. Her tears fell like the rain, and even then she experienced a sense of wonder at the sweet joy that thrilled her. " Can yon speak ? Do you hear me? Do you suffr very much ?" Roused by the gentle voice, Sir Harry Tresiham opened his handsome blue eyes wide, and gazed about him with a bewil dered stare. 'e" What's the matter ? Where am I?" he demanded. "I think your horse must have thrown you. I found you lying here. Are you very much hurt?" The young man struggled up to his elbow, and drew his hand across his eyes. "Yes, I remember that confounded horse of mine ran down the cliff yonder. No, I don't think I'm very much hurt. but the breath was knocked pretty well ontof me. By Jovel 3Iy brains in a whirl yet." lie made an effort to regain his feet, but reeled and fell again, white and sick with pain. "Confound it! I beg you pardon, madam, but the troubles in my right ankle, I couldn't stand if I were to be shotjfor it. And heavens! hark to the thunder. A terrible storm is impending. Do not linger, madam, I beg. You are e very kind, but there's no need that both of is should be drenched; run for your life to the nearest shelter." "No, I shall not leave you," was her g quiet answer. Sir Barry turned and looked at her. 1\. Her black braids were allsin a tumble, a and dripping like a mermaid's, her cheeks rose-red, and her black eyes shone like stars. In all his life, he had never, he it thought, looked upon a handsomer face. Despite his pain and his disagreeable y condition his heart gave a little thrill of s admiration. He was a passionate adorer t, of womanly loveliness. I Utterly unconscious of his observation, p Maud continued: "I shall not leave you, a stranger and suffering as you are. I wouldn' leaven crippled kid here in all this storm. But we can't reach the Fellside now, and therefore we must seek a nearer shelter. There's alittle cave just round the ledge there, which is quite snug, and we've no time to lose. These Highland storms s are soon over, but they ire severe while they last. Come now, let me help you, n please. You must lean upon me. I am strong, and it won't hurtme."' Sir harry looked at her again as she passed her little young arm about him, a smile that was half admiration half amusement lighting iis handsome eyes. Ie had known so many lovely, high- born ladies, and this girl, with her darkbeauty hs and her womanly tenderness, was so un like them " Lean on me, please," she continued, clasping him close, and the touch of her nd strong, soft arm thrilled some fiber in the liY young noble's being that never touched J1 him before. e- " Thank you. How good you are. How be shall I ever repay you for all this?" he murmured, a tremor in his voine. , "Oh, never mind, only lean on me, and let us get into the cave." And leaning on her, almost clinging to Sly her in his acute pain and helplessness, he et her conduct him round the sharp cor' he ncr of the ledge and into thelittle caveol e. which she had spoken. s, A curious place it was, walled and i- roofed with stone, and on one side their was a rude seat cut in the solid rock. d iaun got her patient under the shelter of this sylvan roof, and seated him upon the stone seat. He looked very white and lie faint, and the sweat of agony stood out 0e upon hIis forehead in great drops. " How good you are I" he repeated, ol smiling up at her a smile that lit the patri. It cian face with winningbrightness. "What ad shall i ever do for you ?" Sland laughed inanswer, and herlaugh r was inexprresibly sweet and girlish. "No matter now : let ns wait till the g storm is over, and Ill try to think of some S thing," rhe said, pleasantly. "Here it comes now; we did not get under cover a e uin:te too soon." s And down the rain came in torrents, S the winds shrieking amid the hills with a fur t!lat wsas appalling. Sir Harry watched his companion as she looked out into the wild chaos with im steady, shining eyes. t " You do not seem frightened," he said. ir "Moat ladies I have known suffer great to far in storms, and this one is terrible." 11 " Yes ; but I have been used to them all my life. Indeed, I always enjoy a thunder-storm. Does your ankle pain you much ? Can I do anything for you ?" sise added with a pitying glance. "Nothing more, thanbyoe. IMyankle is rather painfuil, but I can bear it." "The minute the storm abates you shall have helsl. Itis but a step from here to Fellaide." "The Fellside I Is that your home ?" "Yes. The house is just beyond the firs there." "And your friends will they not auffer great uneasiness on your account I" "1I have no friends. I am alone." The pathos in hlier voice touched Sir S Harry's inmost heart. "Alone, and so youngl" d '" Ye. My father and mother sleep in d thelittle church-yard over there, and my t siater-I have lost my sister." S "Lost her! Isahe, too, dead I" "I do not know ; she may be." Turn ing her dark eyes full upon him, she added: "Do you come from London, sir?" "From LondonI Yes; why. do you ask 1" She flushed a little as she replied: "Nothing,only I'm always fancying that I shall cross some one who can tell me something of my sister. Poorlittle Isabel I It was in London she was lost." Sir Harry half forgets his pain in curosity. " Why, how did you lose her e I can not understand." "She married Sir Hereford Mlarlowe's son. At least," she added, slammering and flushing painfully, "she ran away d from home with him, and we'"e never heard of her since.' DorIhng sy 1251 penpe left Victriaor If Westlelis and 1213 arrlied in Victoria from I goi the Western pronlure, I not The young man started up so .nudaenly that his ankle tingled with acute pain. " What, Arthur Marlowel Did he marry your sister I" he cried. "Yes. Do you know him I" " I know him well, and remember the nameyonmention. Isabel- ycs,that'sit,by Jove 1 Poor Arthur was continually raving about his bride, Isabel, but his people said he was insane." "His people told falsehoods ; he a married my sister. Do you know where d le is nw?" 10 "In Paris, T believe. le is to marry a Lady Bianca Dris<i thin autumn." 3Maud's dark eyes lacshed with anger. n " So oon; and my poor little sister e. gone and forgotten." She let her head fall. and, covering her or face ,ith her hands, hurstitlto tears. Sir te Harry sat and looked at her while the m storm rag d without, hse blue eyes elo lo qaent with pity. er "Poor girl," he was thinking. "She knows so littleof the great, wicked world. b, I suppose her sister went to London, and in that maelstorm of vice swallowed to her." d A sudden sound behind him changed ill the current of his thoughts and brought Maud to her feet. And then the solid stone that walled 's the rear of tie cave began to move. Sir H rry ' first thought was of an th earthquake or some such impending dlangr, and with instinctive, manly chivalry he tottered to his feet, and threw n. his ri'ht arm about Maud's ehonlders. 1' She clung to him and trembled, but her y, lack ey,.s watched the moving ,tone, and ay she nttered no word or cry. to " Heavens above e ' ejaculated Sir is Harry, holding his companion still r; closer. "The day of doom has come, he and the dead are coming forth from their graveal" a, The old man emerged from the thick et gloom beyond him, shading his eyes with te one hand. a "fHer we are at last," lhe cried, at "and in the midst of the thunder-storm, too." ? Catching sight of the amazed couple who stood regarding hitm with distended ry eyes, le stopped short, and then made a es courtly, old-fashioned bow. il- "I beg you pardon- " But Maud darted past him with a swift 7" cry, and grasped Ambrose, as he issued like a gaunt skeleton from the yawning rn tunuel. as "Ambrose I Ambrose "l she panted, " what does this mean I" is " Wait a minute," he faltered, "and is you shall know. I'm weak-" His voice failed, and before he could ed reach the stone seat he fell prostrate in !r. a swoon. tt. Maud, forgetful for the momentof Sir all Harry and his injuries, flew to him and a raised his head. "Poor Ambrose! Why, he looks as if t, he had been dead and buried," she cried, ik smoothing back the hair from his hag gard face. " What can have happened n, to him " ht "He has been buried, though not quite be dead," King Lear made answer, touclaing he a secret spring as he spoke, which sent g. the great stone back into its place, "down re in the dungeon beneath the old manor. th It was a lucky thing I saw him go down, ur for I take it, sir," bowing to Sir Harry, "I'm the only man alive who konwa the or secret of this underground passage." "Underground passage is it 1 &nd; who the deuce are you?" I The old man laughed and stroked his ke frosty beard. he "You stare at me as if I were a :e. ghost." e "A ghost atfirstsightIcertainly thought of you. I should take you for a Trevethon or now. You look like the old Trevethon portraits at Lyndith Hall. By Jove, n, you must be the long missing Sir Arthur." r But the old man shook his silvered s head. n. "Nay, I am not Sir Arthur. I am only d King Lear." S "King Lear T" g "Yes; they call me King Lear at v Moreton Houee. A good 6nough name, isn't it? And you, sir, what may your name be?" S "Tresham." m "Ahl A sterling old name. And you he visit Lyndith Hall 7" "Quite often." a, " How does the old place look ? Going to ruins, isn't it I" "Ruins, indeed l Sir Geoffrey had it repaired a year or so ago, anditlookalike n a palace." "Sir Geoffrey What manner of man is he " er A very pleasant gentleman." he The old man laughed till the cave rang ed with shrill echoes. "Sir Geoffrey I Well, this is a queer world. I'll get back to Moreton House he and stay there, I believe. Why,should I care? Only for the boy's sake. Do you happen to know, sir, if Sir Geoffrey has a son?" to "He's a madman,"thonght Sir Arthur, he " the same person, without doubt, that Miss Trevothon saw at the Haunted Manor. Yet, how like the Trevethon's he looks." "ad Yes, Sir Geoffrey has a son,' he an, swered, aloud. "A sonl" There was unutterable sor row in his voice. "Do you know his "Yes; it iasBRibchmond." t A cry of pain broke from the oldman's lips, and then his shrill laughter nang out d againm. "Sir Geoffrey Trevethon has a son, atyou say and he is called Richmond," he t repoated. "Well, well, it must be true what they say of me. I am a madman. h I'1 get back to Moreton Boouse, and die there. I've lost my place in the world," He Btireod swiftly, and passing out at the door of the cave, disa~ppeared in the wild, whirling storm. oHAPTER XXIV. Ta DEAD c MAN'8 8TORY. th SirHarry lay at the Fellside Farm.House, unable to lift his head from the fragrant iwhite Spillow to which ifaud had consigned it; his injuries having turned out to be much more serious that anyone had apprehended. "You cannot be moved, sir, andyou'll not m stir out of this house for weeks to come. C That ankle is an ugly fracture, and you've in some internal injury in the bargain. The " least exertion now might cost you youe life." le That was nDr. Nugent's verdict. Hearing it, poor Sir Harry groaned aloud. B "'Tis too confounded bad l Why,I'd to give half I'm worth to getto London to.day, and here I must lie like a log, Well, sir," turning to Ambrose, "If there's no help for it, I must beg you to go in my place. o "I'l go,slr." "Very well; and take that marvellous ne documentwith yoe. You say you found it in the skeleton's hand, and there's a ring on the finger e" i" That is what I said,sir." Sir Harry looked up at the young High. lander's handsome, grace face, with a sort of curious wonder. " That possessed you to go down into that F dnngeon 1" he asked. "tI had heard of the mystery of Black Hol. low Grange." "And yoe set to work to clear itupt SWell, you took the job out of my hands. A day later, and I should have-done the same thing that you have done. No matter since the riddle is solved. MIr. Gerhart, did you ever hear of Miss Lenore Trevethon ?" "'he daughter of the missing baronet I Yes, she married Sir Geoffrey's son, and t went abroad, I saw the account in the a papers." "Precisely. Now, MIr. Gcrhart, I beg that you won't ask me a question, but only have 1the kindness to do 'as I tell you. There'sa secret in this matter, which I am bound in honor not'to betray, yeou understoad 2" "I undersiand, sir. What would you like me io do l" "Take the paper-(ifeavens, what a stir it will make awong the nristocraetr of Lon. don;I muethe there to ec?). h . ( brtan, Sil gi, to No. - St. Johlt;ni ii. T here is i a ady ater--I can't LiV ?iLer nelle ; thiti Louli Charles Lefebvre has been found guilty on another chsrgeof uttering a forged nots, where the secret comes in,you see. I'll tell this much-she's vitally concerned in these discoveries. You must see her, and show her the paper before you submit it to any one else." Ambrose shrugged his shapely shoulders. "Rather a blindfold sort of errand, I should say, sir," he replied. "For whom shall I ask, if I'm not to know the lady's name 1" "I'll write a note'and seal it, and you shall send it up to her." "Very well. You look like a man of honor. Write the note and I will do as you iwish, though I must confess I am not particularly pleased with the errand." Sir larry with much pain and difficulty wrote the note, signed and sealed it, and directed it to " The Lady on the first floor front, No. - St. John's Wood." With this letter in his posiession, Am. brose, tall and gaunt from his latesufferings, journoeyed down to London. Ife took a cab at the depot and drove direct to St. John's WooJd, reaching the on. pretendieg dweiling which bore the deslg. hated nmober a little before suns:et. The hostess herself received him in her small sittingroom, and took charge of the note. There was a lady on the first floor, front ; she would take it up to her. Ambrose sat down and wailed, the yellow leaves, which had been hidden for so many years in the black dungeon, rising and fal. ling with every beat of his impatient heart, Five, ten minutes ; and then there came a light step and the rustle of a woman's gar. ments. The door opened, aud Ambrose rose to Iis feet. " I beg your pardon, madam, for this in. trusion-" lie began, bhut at sight of hee face the words died on his lips. He stood and stared like one who sees am apparit.on. lit stood face to face with the woman for whose sake he had once risked his life. the woman hlie loved I For one minute Miss Trevethon leost her imperi:l self-control. The hot blood surged to her temples, her char eyes fell, her heart heaved with great, suffocating throbs; but in the next she was herown quecnly self. She advanced to meet her visitor, extend. ing one slender white hand. "I am glad to see you, Mr. Gerhart," she said. "Sir Harry failed to ntntiun your name in the note, and meeting you a,o cud. denly surprised me. You are well I" "Iam well; thank you," nuswelt i Am. brose, accepting the seat she offer, ,, ind setting his teeth hard to keep down his emo. tion. If it cost him his life, she sborld not see how the sight of her loveliness moved him. She drew a seat in front of him, and folded her graceful hands. " Poor Sir Harry has met with an neci. dent! 'she went on. "I hope it is nothing serious." " She loves him," thought Ambrose ; "and he her. What a fool I was to be decoyed into coming here." "Nothing serious," he answered aloud; "only a painful fracture, which forces him to keep quiet." "And it was all for me. Poor, kind Sir Henry I" She wrung her lovely hands, and Ambrose bit his lips in an agony of jealous rage. "He tells me," she continued, after a minute, "that you have been making suom very wonderful discoveries at ,the Itaunted Grange ?" Ambrose rose abruptly, and drew the roll of yellow paper from his breast. " I have been down in the dungeon cai n," he blurted :out, "and I found a skeleton. These papers were in its hands, anl there was a diamond ring upon its finger. The papers I brought away, the ring I left un. touched." Miss Trevethon half rose, her face the huline of death, her limbs shaking under her, but sank back again, unable to articulate a word. "Sir Harry Tresbam insisted that I should bring the papers here adti show them to you first, and here they are," continued the yaung man, laying them on the table beside her. She looked at them, shuddering from head to foot. "A skeleton-a skeleton down in that awful place I Oh, my poor murdered fatherl" Ambrose gave a great start. "Good heavens I"he cried, you don't mean to say-" But, checking himself, he stopped short, leaving the question unasked. Still trembling in every limb, still death. white, Lenore took up the yellow roll, and smoothed out its discolored p1agts. The first was dated some yeats back, and ran as follows ; "I, Arthur Trevrethon, do learn this, my Isast charge and testimony, hoping that lby somei chanels may one day come to the eyes of Ihe world. I am d n tis ungeon lid cloati tIcs manor, mangled and dying. I wal forced through the trap-door, which opens front the anteroom which adjoins the library, by s ran who came to me professing to be my consin, Sir Geoffrey Trevethon, the late baronet's son anld heir. This man is strangely like Sir Geoffrey. Mooreover, he has ample proofs of his identity, but he is an impestor, nevertheless. I told him so when he came to me as I sat in tile library on the night previous to my return to London. "Ie grew livid willth guilt and rage, and eeizingme bodily, foreed me into the alteroom, and through the secret door. 'Now betray me, if you can I" were his last words to me, as I fell. "I am writing this, in the thick darkneas, on the leaves of my diary. The chill of death is al ready at my heart. I shall never see tle light again-never see the faces of my dear wife a?l child until I meet them in heaven. I shalhl die down here in this terrible place, and no one wall know; bat heaven's justice will surely briug thi, fol deaed to light. By som chance my fate will be made known to the world, and this lpaper, which I am writing in darkness, and in untold agony, will be found. And to him who finds it, I glo my charge. Avenge my tmnrer, and right this great wrong. The man who a Is himself Sir Geoffrey Trevethon is abase imp~.?,r. The true Sir Geoffrey will come one day and claiu his "I can write no more. My hanl fails, and death comes to set me free. IL. dear wife, farewell. Lenore, my little sol, if you liae, do not disregard your poor, fond father's will. Whea yoor Couiin Richmond comes, you will ratify your childiiL betrothal, and become his wife; and may the Al. mighty Fathere h. nd ,rosper mydaughtersanl her husband. Iro ste cu". e..rCt.. Sladysends the folloinfi version oflJach and Jill, written for familytise: So wee bwlretn climbed the elul.eapplel lIll Illfated Jack, aond tong anedet Jtll; ,.. Snathed Itm the r, el hall fniot Itsluehl sloro And the ull pl, with hertis Exultinl, oe " ogroeriwasthe s oursenases o r E:it; : Por wstCe wmrn and opu the prellted pall. Bet, ah l no slck of o lgno pull so.not, Scould Io soroedl, or stayor prolerint,.. fe • 'lltated Jac ame teumblnr dton the hill. And. thmbling ter, ame the Idil and Jd L Tasting the bnmth.--Itlis Edtelleney the Cntmander n-elief had a rpltttion hl taking a eclose interest in te well.being anod comfort of the troops. On e of his freqtenl visits to the barrc she notieal a coup!oe oi soldiers coming out of the kitchen b rryiu h ( stoeamlo bcket ad lookingr as ifi they dit-ed to elude observation. "Haltin put tlat dlourn Fetch a poonl" thoundered his exccrllcnd y. The bewildered soldiers storedat ecl ttlher. and onese them rushed off to feteh a seamtT Bis Exhcellency toste the Ecmpi ndwt "Pounl I horrid stuff Tatles like diol walcer "What eer is it' Diesh rater, your Excel leucy.c A eosteom oe rn at one of the recent nsmrt weddings eonsisted of a plain skirt of bunr. gondy~colored cloth, with, points of chln chilla let in up the hem at frequent intera.sl There was a bodice made in coatslhape al the haels sod aides, with a oell-cut b,8quc, all of the cloth. The front woa cut in one witlt the skirt, and had a deep Vand a collar of velvet, with pretty gold and copper. colored embroidery on the cloth round it. A record Ias been eatbiishbed in tCIe United States byn en ineedriver who recentely coveed 5H? miles soa.l5 minutes, wvitt an ordinary exprms train. Gimlet : ' Did you have a good time an the F~rth of ioremberJohnnylr Johnny: 'Did I? I should think so. a ain't go over Cto hysterics vet.' . Though the eennchl eli/hato is considered superior to that of Enrlanl, the average of life in England exceeds ttat of Fence by eleven lfnireltttinug and sinrgeing by Slectricity is the latest adaphtiots no tClat stbtle porrer to thevsereicefmsn5 . The conotrvnone rol2i'its of a comb. over the leetll ol welhie is strerlthed a pliaintm irer. A mhlt or switlt arranged over the hlandle of tlhernmb enables th lunarber to throw a current of eleetrceity tCliuRgl the treth of, or wire over, thu ante, ned thbs rise the ternt?ere to a n'hite heat. The cnttb is then Ilenlse through the hair, whtieh it either cuts or cingeouar onotlily as tIe most khlledl expert witl the scissonr cotld aecom. L li~h. ThItoh, ovnennlint to the inventor, is [looI,.Ih¢le r''.vl.r l,:lr ttjurvl hy tli·i. ? .l.m....... the e...it l u' liT? '," ; Cuam mi ocitd. e . o er CeqortI Tile aerab e?,foreeme,in bv tao U,ntei Stales of the reelrl?htie laos it regard to aliens is btiug keenly resented iu Osuada. 