Parisian Parlance; May 1. ,The .most painful incident in the un happy, situation of Greece is the uncon ditional capitulation of tho ICing before the Opposition, as led by M. Italli, a weak copy |of Gamhetta. As events unroll, it is truly remarkable their reseifrhlance to . those of Prance in 1870-71. ' So true is tho likeness that a caricaturist represents a Frenchman addressing a visitor thus.: "If you desire to know how we wero -smashed in 1871, read the nows fromvGrceco." "King George has been compelled by' -his Committee of l'ublio Safety ; to; remove all the court fayoiirites ' -..from- post . und place ."and mukq . : room , - ..for hotter men. Truly they were ; incapables, wanting in'/ydtitioalV.'mlmty./.ian military' capacity ; hut .worse still, in the. courage to resist the popular- clamour for war, with all inequalities and disadvantages, 'agaihst:Turkey." Thd first of tho non- Valoui-s, to . ho superseded was. his Majesty's own son,: the, Crown Prince, 'and ;hbmhardod - generalissimo of' the : arjn/ , / That is a .knpek-dqwn. blow, at onco' foi- ' 'tho dynasty gnd' tlie heir- apparent just making "his debut -npoii tho. politioal stage,, and, he happens to ho -married to - -the- 'Kaiser's sister, Sophie — a faot, however, of no political influence.' : r _ ; ' - , : . / ' . It-, is .not:, surprising, that :- Greece should : ho ...on/ tho high road to a republic. Bo /assured Amorica lias tlio hlunlc form rondy to . fill, up,- rocog-, nising- tho, arrival of; a littlo strangor to. tho . commonwealths, of- .nutions. i lt.js only, to ho hop.cd that'/GreecoMnay. 'be spnred'.wading through slaiughtor-revo-' lution and civil war, tho" .birth pangs" of the accouehomont of -a republic— to a presidential chair, which is, also .peculiar to a throne. Tlio Danish) like tho Austrian dynasty, nover took: root in Groeeq,-. though Gcorgo I., . during his thirty-four years of rule, kept .the oven: tenor of Ins way.: .It is, , said that was -not long enough- -for tho: trans planted. 'to hccomo ' acclimatised/ .In Franco the Bourbon . dynasty ; occupied 1,000 years in development and eradication. To bravo the battle and tho breeze, a dynasty nowadays, must he hroadthascd upon a peoplo's will, with freedom settling down from precedent -,, to j-precedcnt, or sustained by Krupp. cannon, -Maxim guns, and iron clads with their mosquito accessories. To command : all these is -tho.- highest evidence of civilisation. .: . The intorest -in the actual popporing; now taking place' between Greeks and Turks - lias abated. Tho match > is unequal, despite the pluck of tho little fellow. The issue lias been .discounted, , so -furthor. carnage iB objectless and the -shelling -of . sca-coast cities wanton do-;, vastation. Inanordinai-yfightifa eheoky youngster engages ih a tug With the "predominant partner," tho bystanders when satisfied lie has beon sufficiently punished for liis cocksurism, stop in,' pi-onouneo with a shako . of the head,' "that will do," help the wee chap on with his jacket and toll him to: ho off;: Titan doparts ill silence. : The moment has come' for tho combined Powers to eome forward and, pronounce thoir."that will do;" . Saviours -arc unnecessary when": all-.- is lost. Turkey owes her rcgilt military reputation to the im-- ported German drill sergeant. . War is said to he a- national industry with the Teutons. Formerly thoy exported Hes sians to, the' English, "market especially,; -they now speculate largely in cannon, and the Gormania dockyard intends to keep in. warehouse ,-ready-mado . ironclads, cruisers, &c.;— in fact have -a naval out fitting establishment; . , It is accepted that ,a secret treaty has boon concluded between tho Kaiser and the Sultan, who hows to -WUhnm- EC. as his guide, philosopher, and friend. :-It is qnito possible ; ; Bismarolc has. shown how tho trick .can he done; ,1 Ho ;exoV, cuted an allianeo with Austria to dofdnd her against Bussia ; then he -madp a treaty with the. lato Czar to' lmok' him" ugaiust Austria. , - The presont Kaiser has done a little business in . that crooked lino:without the ex-ohanoellor'.s -aid. Ho .professed nnbounded. admira- tion for, the British ; yet, aided . by his. council, : ho ,sent- a , memorable wire- to Paul Krugor, . congratulating him upon' his . JameSon victory,': and assuring) him at tho :, s'auie timo.- of , tlio -.aid-, of, himself pud his, two powerful friends, Austria - and Italy. In' supplying tho . Sultan, /-'contrary to tho./pledgo of loyalty given' to tho otlior Powers, with, a copy, of the intended . colleotivo iiotc, ' anothor seismio shako was given to' con- fidenco in his >-Majosty. . But ho - has- failpd, despite' all his obsequiousness to thp -Frpnch,) .to continuo ; his policy of setting. Franco f) and England, at , loggeiy heads,; .they .aro rapidly, -coming "into' olosor union) both know now the com-), tnpn enemy. . - It is. full time for). Eng- ' lnnd :to 'lot :tho Krtisor know that' the Eronch seek an- ally that.will guaranteo them tho restoration- of . Alsace, with evon a bit of-.- Bhomsh ,-torritory; that , could woll he the basis' of. tho sottlomout. of the Egyptian ques tion, . and -tho best doucho to t his Majesty's throwing; of -sheep's ;oyes; on South Africp. , No . Power/need oxpoot to havo-'a»working allianeo with' Franco, unless prepared to guaranteo her Alsaoo;. -Till .the - Germans -.give .that- haok,- and a few. of the milliards sovuped from ; tho Ivory, hones of France, thoy need not count, upon monsiour joining in, .then- ognpomono; Tho fact is as visible as''a search- light-— plairi third-- class Copk's 'tourist is free to enter Franco, - while,' tho German Emperor,, with tlie ghost; of 'his Triple Alliance, -and'.tho;proy(n!B..in'all'the mosques that, ho /may \live "a thousand years, cannot put' foot . on the territory, evon incognito. ; j THe. Hshant ceremony for the dis tribution) , of tho Drummond Castle in 'mpmoriam medals, lias gono right homo to thofoelings of tho peoplo. One touch.of nature makes the whole world -kin; -Tho evont haB dono more to 'develop old tios of amity than all tho programmes of entente cordiah associa tions. -It demonstrates that tho two nations are not soparatcd by onmity, and wish to come nearer rather than to koop apart. The humble islandei-B residing in the vicinity of tho terriblo disaBtor are truly groatful for tho liandsomo manner in . which . their son- ices have teen recognised, and the official ' impor tance attached to tho inauguration of tlip souvenirs, and the whole proceedings generally, which really partook of a family character, for the islanders were the first chief mourners for tho victims. A few. pounds are re quired—the Ciintle Lino Company could attend to tho matter— to enclose the gravebof the/ unknown : ship wrecked, arid to Allocate' a small sum annually to having the hits of God's' aero cared for. ' Next to Baving Greeco from tho con sequences of ' her ' own folly — and to offopt'thnt the" woll-hadgered Europcah concert has the' occasion to conquer con fidence and esteem, tho relations be tween England and tho Transvaal come in for thoughtful attention. By the British Government, and in the second place by Capo Colony, Germany has been plainly warned off. Franco has no intention of playing the Kaiser's game. Besides, hor interests, whether mining or commercial, will- ho secured the same advantages as. those of the English. By the strengthening of tho military posi tions in Capo Colony,- the Transvaal must see it has nothing to gain by try ing a fall with Britain. The Pretorian politicians -would do well to read, mark, and learn tho lossons of the Greek situation. The farming of Delagoa Bay for thirty-one years, renewable for ever, by tho Anglo-Portuguese Com pany, clips the wings of tho Boers in their attempts to soar above tlie sovereignty of England. No more im portations of war material for the . Kruger firm henceforth ; such -may be landed at Beira, but will not he sent on) Nor -with a British squadron on the spot, . a powerful calmant for Emperors in a .-hurry to-do expansion,- will there ho - any necessity, for Germany to ' keep, some 'of 'hor -old' tubs- at' anchdr in tho hay. .Tho , French ; have never wavered in itheir . view of.: regarding. Mr. Cecil Khodes)- as the raqst potent factor in tho development of South Africa 'and -in- consolidating -and- widening' tho supremacy of British.rulo. Tlicy, lament they havo not a Bhodcs. - - : 4/n The /French' .do . mot - deny, - while wishing it were other. wiso, that the British ' mission to -Abyssinia, has met with , great / success . among King Mcnelek's - subjects.. .It 'was most carefully prepared for all local effect, and it . is . to ho concluded f or political aud social . effoct ; bosides. His .Majesty is not at alla,, simplofon.- He is) only too glad , to ... avail; himself of all outside aid that will develop the re- souvcos of his realm. He lias given concessions for what are called by the French " penetration railways"; hut does not inteud the promoters shall treat their undertakings as dead lotters. He stipulates that if works he not com menced,, mid the hceessary capital secured at tho'date 'fixed, the eonces- sion'w.iil he handed oyor to) others. . As England represents the Coptic Church' 'oil , behalf of Egypt, arid to ' whicli his Majesty appertains, the 'English and Abyssiniaus .can occupy a pew together; Menolck understands that "tho vulleys) upper as well as .the - lowerj'" of the'' Nile1 form part of ), the' Ottoman torri- tpry— at least in' name, but administered rind virtually owned 'by "the Khedive, aided by' Lord Croriier. England will soon ho up to - the - eyes" in'" railway making for tho joint account -of the .Yiceroy rind herself. -Lines) through Central and -Eastern Soudan up to Abyssinia;- to the. lakes districts, and then to connect with Cecil. Bhodes'b hintprlands, and, , all , expeoted,, to he) inaugurated by A.nV--2000,' . or.;6,000'- yoars.f, after . Meues was, , killed . by a hippopotamus in .Ethiopia! . Of the- stahility of the. English .protectorate of Egypt, no greater ' ovidenco could . he afforded than tho poetic calm which reigns there, - while the Porto is con/ vulsed by the Greeks.' - ; Spring sepms/to lJiive at .last gained .tho upper hahcl.'bVer winter. ' What a display of hands jto„ welcome the, smiling beauty. "Wo have pfaypi'B ' for wet and for dry weather,) but no, thanksgiving sorvice for fine, , lifo-giving .weather. Evoi'yone would-joiri in that Te Doum; many invalids would"endeavour to take up their beds and walk to church to ox-' press ) thoir gratitude. : The railway companies are being flagellatrid for their high 'tariffs;' One man 'complains he was ' charged 542 francs' for the' trans port of the remains of his mother-in- law from Paris 'to Marseilles, while )if in the flesh her ticket would ;he only 80 francs) Ho recommends his fellow men to will ' that their : remains ho in cinerated, and ' the . urn with the ashes sent by parcels post to the family sepulchre; -if that he in the pro vinces. The friends of the late Dumas fils, tho third and last of the.dynnsty, do' not. like the monument for his tpmb ; ' he is sculptured as on. his. deathbed iri an artisan's -smock and bare. feet. Mar guerite., /-Gauthior, the . . Dame mux Camellias, whose tomb is within Bight of that of the ) great dramatist's,, seems to. look a Fi)! Fi.! to so. recline" in death. : :) Tamrigno, the - great singor,' states that he is about to" retire ; .hedoes not recom mend his . profession for . adoption; ' For 24 : years lie lias had to. ; Aubmit to'a' life, ';to';)soeufp'' lus 'yoico, "in which he daro'' not smoke or. drink, only eat at fixed hours, and ayoid rairi and cold. ' : Tho artist, J." F. Millot, when he had no food for. the family/collected all) the members, and read a chapter of tho Bible to them. .' 