EIGHT THOUSAND YEARS AGO. ' It ia now more than twenty years since Mr. Gladstone, in speaking at the meeting of the Society of Biblical Archseilogy, at -which the late George Smith made public his discovery of the Assyrian tablet, used -the happy phrase of ' retrospective enlarge ment of the world's history,' as applied to the result of Assyrian discoveries. Even that grpafc scholar, or, indeed, the most ardent Orientalist, would not have ventured to predict such far-reaching results as those ?which have rewarded tha work of the Babylonian exploration party which was despatched by the University of Pennsyl vania to excavate the great mounds of Nuffir, in Central Babylonia. The mounds of Noffir are of immense size, and rise to a height of over 80 feet above the surronnd ing plain, and for more than five years the members of the expedition, nuder the direction of Mr. Haynes, have been eogaged in makiDg a systematic examination of the eite. Tha various strata of settlements extend from the Christian age on the sur face down almost to the virgin soil, and the lowest settlement cannot be assigned to a period later than between b c 6000 7000 The result of the explorations has been the recovery of an enormous library of in scribed tablets, over thirty thousand in number, as well as monumental inscrip tions, stone vases, and bricks The upper most Chaldean settlement is that founded J by a monarch named Bur-Sin, who reigned some centuries b c, and its principal feature is the great ' ziggurat' or observatory tower, which was built by that monarch and restored by Nebuchadnezzar and other Babylonian Kings. Below this, at the depth of some thirty or forty feet, was found the remains of a much older city, the date of which is now established beyond doubt as between B.C. 3800 and 4000. Here a huge platform constructed of brick3 four and five fret square was dis 1 covered, and portions of massive wall form ing the outer boundary of tha city, and over 52 feet in thickoess. The bricks of these astonishing constructions bore the stamps of Sargon I, King of Agade, and his son Naram-Sin, whose date is proved by statements in the chronological inscr p tions-as bo. 3800. All doutft as to the historical character of these kings are now N set at rest by the discovery of private documents, contract tablets, and letters dated in their reign. On* very curious discovery was that of tne clay brick stamp, res mbiing those us^l at the present time for marking butter, and inscribed with ... characters in relief, cut in the reverse way, so that when pressed on the wet clay they printed correctly. Thn inscription read, *' Sargon, the King of the City, Builder of the Temple of Mullil.' This age of Sargon was by no means the dawn of Chaldean civilisation, for we find that libraries, were already established, scribps were numerous, and art was far ad vanced, as shown by the bpautifully-carved seals and other objects. Wheu this plat form of the great Temple of Mullil, thn ' Ghost God,'' had been thoroughly ex plored, the excavat -rs sunk a shaft down wards, with a view to reaching the natural eoil. To their astonishment at a depth of 80ft. below the city of Sargon, there was found the remains of a city and a still older temple of Mullii, with numerous inscrip tions The immense mass of accumulated debris shows that tha city was certainly three or four thousand years older than that above. The remains here are much more primitive than those above, but aro nevertheless far removed from the work of savages. The characters of inscriptions are archaic, but still far removed from tho piotoria', and already the language had undergone changes which could not have been accom plished in cdnturies. The oldest inscrip tionsa-e those of a King named En-sag-anna, ' Lord of the High Heaven.' This king waged war against the ' tribes of the land of the Bow,' a name by which the nomadic tribrs on. the borders of Elam were known. He captured and burned their stroi.ghold, the city of Kio, and carried away ' his treaaure of silver and the furniture of his palace, as well as tho royal statue, all of which he dedicated, to the great god Mullil.' Here we have ample proof, this culture not being by any means now- born. Soon after this the city was conquered by these tribos under the rule of a certain Lugnl zi-at-si, who bftH Uift us a vorv !'-'£ i- - ecru-'-ior. whici w.- may regard --s b ' oldest hwt.-iric.»l .l^cumuut, ' in the ^orld. The ruler dedicated to the temple a large number of very massive oil jars of artistic ali&pDj; and carved poj of hard diorite, Upon these he carved an inscription re cording his mighty deeds. He styles him self King of Erech, the oldest Chaldean capita], but admits he was not of Royal descent, as he calls himself ' Son of Ukua, the High Priest of the land of the Bow ' He then states that he had subdued all lands from the rising of the Sun to the setting of the San, and from the lower sea of the Tigris and the Euphrates, that is the Persian Gulf to the sea of the Setting Sun. It is evident from some of the objects mentioned in his inscriptions that he must have had communication with the Lebanon and Syria in the Sinaitic Peninsula. The duration of the rule of foreign dynasty we do not know, but its overthrow is certainly commemorated in the famous Stele of the Vultures, one of the most valuable treasures of the Louvre. In this monument, which was found at Tello, the ancient Lag'ash, the Chaldean King is represented as having all his foes caught in a not, and engaged in braining them with a heavy club. The date of this monument is about b.o. 4000 ; as proved by the chronological lists recently discovered by Dr. de Sjrzec at Tello. Among the in scriptions found at Nepur are several re cording wars with the people of Central Arabia, who were gradually forcing their way into C^aldei, and who are described as the inhabitants of the ' iand of the tribe,' From those inscriptions we Inaru also that expeditions wore despatched to North Arabia, the modern Nedg, and possibly aa far as Sinai and iha borders of Egypt. The kings of this dynasty certainly obtained stone from the quarries of Sinai, the earliest being Dr. .Nina, of whom there is a statue in the museum at C mstantinople. If the theory advanced by Dr. Hommell of the Chaldean origin of Egyptian civilisa tion is to be maintained, we must assign to the separation an antiquity far more remote than these ancient monuments. Ib is more than probable that we shall find that pres sure of the Chaldeans advancing from the East caused the early Arabian colonists to qait the ' Incense land of Punt,' and cross the Red Sea and advance into E^ypt by the Kench-Kossair road, and found the first settlement in the Nile valley of Koptos. It will take scholars years to exhaust the material thus restored to us from under the dust of ages, and which has, indeed, given a 'retrospective enlargement' to the world's history hitherto undreamt of.— London Echo. 