WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD iMYSTERY. BY SIRS CMAY- AGNLE FLEMING. 2kuthor of "Wed, Yet No TWife," "Nor -ine." "Baronet's Brfde," Etc. CHAPTER I.-(Conititued.) On the bare downs, treeless and house less, the lightning leaped like a two ,edged sword. There came the booming crash of thunder, then a deluge of rain, and the midday summer tempest was upon her in its might. The swift, sud den blaze of the lightning in -his eyes startled ,the nervous system of Ilderim. He tossed his little black Arabian head in the air with a snort of terror, made a bound forweard. and lied over the grassy plains with .the, speed of an express train. "A run:! :iy. by Jorve'" .A man darted forward with the cry upon his l;ps. and mlde the agile spring of a wild cat :at Ilderlhn's bridle rein. A nonment's str-usgg1l. and then the spli rited Arab .sstood still under the grasp of an iron hand. quiv-esing Iun every limb, and his mlistress, looking down from her saddle, mIet full two:of the most beauti ful eyes into whlich it.had ever been her good fortune to look . I: was Mr Gaston Dantree, the hand some silve,--volced tenor of last 'night's concert;' and. a Ilash of glad s surprise lighted up her face ' "Mr Dantree," she cried, "you! anj in this temipest, and' at so opp6it'u1e a moment. HowN shall'I thank you for save-for trendering me such very timely assistance "" "For saving mny life," .she had been going to say, but that 'would have been coming it a littletoo strong. Her life had not been in the smallest danger-she was a thorough horsewoman. and could have managed a much wilder animal than Ilderim. But the knight tod the rescue was Mi Dantree, "arid last night Miss Dangerfield had looked for the'flrv time into those wondrous eyes of golden brown light, and fallen straight in love with their owner. He was very handsome; perfectly, faultlessly handsome, with an olive com plexion, a low forehead, a chiselled nose, a thick black moustache, and two dark almond eyes. of "liquid : light." Not tall, nor stout, nor very manrlyllooking. perhaps, in any way; men -weie rather given to sneer at Mr Gaston Dantree's somewhat effeminate beauty. But they never sneered long. There was that in Mr Dantree's black eyes, in' MrDantiee's musical voice, in Mlr Dantree's trained muscles, that would have rende'red a serious difliculty a little unpleasant. He took off his hat now. despite the pouring rain. and stood -before the heiress of Scarswood..loking like the Apollo him ,self in a' shabby shooting jacket. "You do: me too much honor. Miss Dangerfield; I don't really think your life was iriany danger; still it's pleasant to know I was thei one to stop yoltr black steed. all the same. Rather a colril dence, by-the-bye. that I. should'- meet you here just at.present..as, taking-'ad vantage of last night's kind invitation, I was about to present myself at Scars avood.". "And Scarswood is very well worth seeing,'I assure'you. - As it is not more than a quarter of a mile to the gates. suppose you resume ur t n your hatand yo journey ?" "But, Mi?ss Dangerfield, you will get your death at this pace in this down pour." "Oh, no; I'll not!" Katlierine anaered, coolly. - '"The rain will never fall that will give ree my death! . You. don't know how strong I am. Come, Mr Dantree, let me see if you can walk as fast' as Jlderim." She looked down at him with that bril liant smile that lighted her dark face into something brighter thaii 'beauty.:,; "Come, Mr Dantree," she repeated, "let me be cicerone for once, and show yoiu the splendcrs of Scarswood. It is the show place of. the neighborhood,- you kriow, built by a Dangerfleld, I am afraid to say- howo many centuries ago. We came over with 'i lliam, the what's-his name, you know; or perhaps. William found us here when he arrived; I'm riot positive which. We're a dreadfully old family, indeed, and I'm the last daughter of the race; and I 'wouldn't be'anybody but Katherine Dangerfleld of Scarswood Park for' the world!"" She dashed under the huge masonry as she spoke, half laughing, wholly in ear mest. She was proud of the old blood that flowed so. spiritedly in her. veins, of this noble mansion, of the princely in heritance which was her bhrthright. "Welcoing to..Scarswood.. r Dantree,': she said, as he passed by her side under the Norman arch. He raiseld lis hat: . ' "Thank you, --Miss, Dangerfield,'" lie said, gravely: and so. -tillby- hler side, walked up the dlripping elm avenue and into tlie house. His fatal beauty- fatal, though he was but seven-and-tnventy, to many women had done its work once more. Her own hand had brought him there, her own voice had spoken her sentence. Gaston Dantree stood under the roof of Scars wood Hall. and until her dying hour, this day \:ould stand out distinct from all other days in Katherine Danger field's life. Sir John sat in hiis library alone, the letter fror Pa-is still crushed in his hand as though it had been a serpent. It seemed a very harmless selrpent at first sight: it only contained these lines, written in an el'gant, elowing Italian chirography: Paris, September 23. \-- y Dear Sir John Dangerfield,-How delightedly my pen write the title! A baronet! Who would have thought it? And Scaiswood P'ark is yours. and your income is clear eight thousand a year. Who could have hoped it? And you're back in England. and la petite--the lit lie Katherine. Darling- little Katherine! So full of spirft and self-will, as she was when I saw her last, and that is fifteen years ago. Ah. mon dieu! fil'teen weary. 'Weary, weary years. My dear baronet, I am coming to see you. I know you will be enchanted. On the 3rd of October You will send your carriage to Castle iord station to meet the twenty minutes Past seven London express and me. And your servant will ask for lhMrs Va vasor. I adapt my namnes as I do my conversation to my company, and among the aristleratic county families tf Sussex let me be aristocratic too. Adieu, my baronet, for the present, and allow me to subscrilp myself by the old cognomen of ItARlIEtT HAIRMIAN. P.S.-Tell my pet, Katnerine. I am coming. Kiss the darling child for me. He had sat for hours as he sat now. that letter crushed in his hand, a grey ish pallor on his face, his eyes looking blankly out at the drifting rain, at the tossing wind-blown trees. The light ning thunder broke forth over the roof, the summer rain beat on the glass. He 5357 *'/ - neither saw nor heard; he sat like a man stunned by a great and sudden 1)h1 U. "And I thought her dead," he Inur nmured. "I hoped she was dead. I thoughlit. after fifteen years' silence. I was safe: and now-oh, God, will the wicked wish never be granted?" He sat there as he had sat since he left the breakfast table, when the door was Ilung open and Katherine, dripping like a mermaid, stood before him. "May I come in. papa, or have you fallen asleep? Do you know it is two o'clock, and past luncheon time, and that I have brought home a guest? It's Mr- Dantree, papa. You remember him, you know: and he wants to see the house and I want you to be civil .to him. He's in the blue drawingroom: and while I'm changing my habit, I wish you \iould go and entertain him. Papa!" (She broke off suddenly, catching sight of his altered face.) " What is the matter? You look like your own ghost." He rose up stillly. as if his limbs were cramped. crushing tie letter mcore tight ly still in:his hand. I-le turned away froml the window,. so that Iris face was hidden from her. as lie answered: "1 am a little cold.' Who did you say was waiting. Katherine? Oh, yes. the singing man. Gaston Dantree. lly-the bye. Kathie. tell Harrison to prepare one of tile front chambers for a-a lady-an old friend of mine-who is coming to visit us. She w ill be here on the even lu11. of the 3rd of October next, and her name is Mrs Vavasor." CHAPTER II.-MRS VAVASOR. The London express due at CastlefordL station at twenty minutes past seven rushed.in wittn an unearthly shriek, like Sinbad's black monster, with the dne red. iery eye. There were five, passen gers for tlhe town four nicem-'iund a woman The train disgorged them and :then lii.' aiway. shr:eking once more, Into the- black October night. s A wet and gusty autumn evening, a black and starless sky frowning down upon a blad k and sodden earth. A bitter blast blew.iup from tle sea. and whirled the dead leaves in drifts before it. The station, dreary and isolated, as it is in the nature of stations to be, looked dmea rier than lever to-nlIslt. :Far off the lainps of .the town -glimmered athwart the raiin and fog, specks of light int the terie glooni. .Tie four ntiale passengerss who had quitted the rati hiurried wi?thheir?port manieaus; thei. coats buttoned to itih ch'ini, afid vithu iats- slouched' forward over their noses- honest slopkeepeis of Castleford, hbut lookig vmilainhously lri gndisli in the light of the station lamps. 'Only the female passenger remained, and she came tripping up the platform. with .L little satchel in her hand, blithe anil smiling, to the chief station official. "I beg your pardon, but can you tell me if the carriage from Scarswood Park :is waitlng for me? " She wds;i. beautiful little woman. Twoi great dark eyes of lustrous light beam ed up i.n the official's face, and a smile that; illumined" the- whole station' with ts radiance dazzled him. -She hid fea thery black ringlets-she had a brilliant high color-well, a trifle too high, prob-' ably.'for some" fastidioustastes- slie had . tetli wlte. and nior 'glistening than tinytl'thitngthe official hiade4ier.seen out ide aedeni'tst's show-case-she. had the -thilest little figure in the world, andasha liad..as far as the official could judge, from the glitter of her whole appearance soma .hree-and-thirty years., With tlie flash -tf her white teeth, the sparkle of the black eyes, the glowdof the rose-red cheeks, she dazzled you like a sudden burst of sunlight; and you never stopped to think utitil afterwards hows sharp and rasping was the voice in whlk th she,ad dressed you. Thi'e arriage from Scarswood? No, it had riot- that isto say, the official did n'ot,.i know hetheir It had or not. Would the lady be pleased tositdoin? ,There was a fire inithere, and he would go ani asceritali. S"I certainly ?kpected to find it wait ing," the litti hlady saiad tripping lightly after him.' "Sir John knows I:am com ing to-night. -He is such an old'friend of inlne-Sir Join. It's oad, now, the car riage isi't saiting;. Tell them when they do corme. Alis Vavasor is here:" ' . : *"Tlue carriage has come," announced the ohficial on the moment: "This way; imaid'am, if you please.'. " :.: 'Thi' close carrnihgq its lamps glowing like two red eyes in the darkfiess, its horses-i awisng the ground, its coachman. stiff and sCrli- onh the box, was drawn' .up at the' atation door. : The oflicial held the door oplen-she thanked him with a radiant smile, and thri. Sir John Dan gerfiel?l's :caniage 'was flying through the darkness of the: wet October night over the iluddy high road to Scarswood Park.l Little Mrs Vavasor wiped the Iblurred glass and strained her bright black eyes as the vehicle whirled ul)': the -avenue, to catch the ' first:t -: glimpse of the house.; It-ldoohed up at last, a hi:, oslack sha'dol in tlhe darkitess. Lights gleam ed all alongi Its front windows, and tilhe qistantb sound of music floated out into the night." Mrs Vavasor's fascinating face was at its brightest-the sparkle,In SAer eyes sparkled more than ever. "A party-a ball, perhaps. Let ime see-the 3rd of October.t Why, la pe i-te's birthday, of course. Miss Dan gelrfield, heiress of Scarswood. is just seventeen to-night. Htow stupid of me to forget It." r She laughied in the dark-. nI..t-S :nll solitude, a little low l:aughl, nol plt.;;,ll.nt to hear. "I wosnder liow poor. d ,-r sir John will imeet ei, aend wihal -,t'.1uit lie will give of me to Ihis daugh. L.::t: lt couldn't have been pleasant fol hl: It receive lily note. I dar rsay by his hee he thougelt mete dsiad.'' li" ste-pp'led outL : lolntnlt inl the rain '::.! r iiiie the lighted \'cstiibule, then in . ii ' .- rci- us e'ntrance hall. whierl-te Mr? -a s-is: , l , n a greY silk gtle esln elnd stiils !: ...- rap. and all the disgnitiy of liusens. k .--]l.:. inet lier couort usoi iy. ".:.:: V.ava.nor, I think, mne'a?'?" Mrs '-avasor's enclbantinlsg smile an c -.-rs*.i in tlh> aifflirmative. 'i:;s .Jtoln's orders are cv'r' attention. -!i:'s;i.1. :and Ihi' was to be toill the minutet v.,,l :-ir'ived. This way, if :.-i)'lu pl-ase. si.s- -,s,' to wait here, nai'cimn, until hs , ,,,: ,. :, you." ;. -t5 I the wsiy itstair'. and thresW ,-i. - c i:s- door of a hlslf-!ighted elegant i:sli!n:.l it. all bt'risht with upholstery, * !li:s;t. , and carpet, of blue and gold. -:!r. ,'. very ni-ce," IMrs Varvas-r re -,:-1:-. 1. gliancisis pelasantly round; .;,i -.--u- a srL the houseke-ener. 1 sup 1 ,..'." .\\.dl your young" lady is ihaving Sn-:!'-." .n her birthnight! How plea -,.: m !, ;ust be to be only seventeen, ;:r ;dsos.me, rich, and a baronet's 'sl Is 'se.v a.-or laughed that sharp little l'e"*: i : hers that rather grated oil sen ":.D. t Dangerlield is handsome, no b:..r t. >rrs -ah-" S"r:'vison, ma'am," the housekeeper ? d ...(.Ied, rather stiffly. " And Miss "'r'ine is very 'andsome. indeed, in :- ,.'a-,. I'll tell Sir John you're here, i.-';:::u.at once, if you'll jilease sit dow'n." i; .t pleased MIrs Vavasor to stand i:- !::rned up the lamps until the room •.2 "iosded with light,'then walked over o n full-length mirror and looked at o--.,It steadily and long. "j'.iling!" she said, "fading! Rouge, -',-',oh colffures, enalihel, belladonna, :-d *',- re-na of it. a.re very well: hut they \- 'r-. ý i-.t - wuinuII Dr 01unity-seTOn Inro a girl of twenty. Still, considering the life I've led" - she set her teeth like a little lion-dog. "Ah, what a bitter fight the battle of life has been to me! If i Swere wise I would pocket my wrongs, 'or-ego my vengeance, keep my secret, tad live happily in Searswood Hall for ever after. I wonder if Sir John would n'arry nme if I asked him?" ; The door opened and Sir .Johln came 1 n. Little Mrs Vavasor turned round i -rom the glass, folded her small hands, I and stood and looked at him with a 1 smile on her face. He. was very pale, and grim as tlhe grave. So for a moment they stood. lkII. ] two due!lists waiting for the wordi i: dead silence. Then the lady spoke: "How do you do. Sir John? When wei parted I remember you found me adir- ii ing myself In the glass: when we meet again after fifteen years-Dieu! how old it makes one feel-you find me before the glass again. Ndt admiring myself this , time, you understand. I sadly fear T have grown old and ugly in all those ] hard-fought years. But you. yoi're inot a day nider and just tile same hantisiiine stalwart soldier I remember you. W01 on't yoiu shake hands for the sake of .' l times. Sir John. and say, 'You are wel come,' to a poor little .womaln who has travelled all thel way from Paris ;io tse ;you?" 4 : She helid out her little gloved .han. He drew away. with a gestire i. of ' )ui slon, and crossing to the chimliey-pliece leaned upon it.. his face hard aiIl set i in the light of the lamiis. : "'Why have you come here?" hie a. .ed., "Ah. C!el! hear himt! Such a cri ue. •estion. And after fiftetn vals '. tand all alone in this big, pitiless wotrld a poor little. -friendless woman, and 1 : come to'the gallan't gentleman who fif teen years ago stood my friend-sucli a i friend-and lie asks me In that cruiel vodie why I have come!" ;.. : - .,. "That will do, Mrs Vavasor. This is I not a theatre, nor am I an appreciative I audience. Tell me the trtth Iif you can 1 -let us have plain speaking.' Why have s you come here? What do you want?"';. "That is plain language, certainly." I have come here becauseyou are in lmy power-absolutely .and whollyiliin my t power. And I want to stay here as an t honored guest just as long as, I:please.. r Is that plain enough to satisfy, you, or: would you like me to 'put it:. still plainer?" Her deriding biack eyes mocked him, i her ined'ssat'sminle set-his teeth on edge. Hatred-- abhor.reice-were' In his .eyes q as lie lookel a.t her.l.;'- . . . S'iYou wanti money. I suppose? Well, vou shall have it, tlough I ..aid you ,your prlice long ago. and you liromigisd a to trouble me no imore.i But you can't t stay here; -it is simply impossible.", .It is simply nothing of, the kind. I havie come to stay. My luggage is in ii the hall. and you will tell them present ly to fetch it up and shownme my room. 11 I do: ant mioney-yes,-it is the univer- i sal want, and I mean to have' it.. Eight thousanid a year and Scarswood Park- 'j] one of the finest seats iIn Sussex. And I such "an old family!-baronets created d by Janmcl the First, and knights centu- t iles and centuries before! lHo\ piroud o your daughter must feel of her ancient e name and lineage!"' And Mtrs'Vavasor laughed alotid'hdr tinkling laughl that . struck shrilly on hypersensitive ears. "You-will leave my daughter's naime out of the question; it you please."t the baroiettret rited, hauightily. "Stiuch lips as yrours sully, 'ber :.nane,.f ypu:had, one sparil,of 'W6i0n-lffllee1li; o'iegra;in- i of' self-lrespect-,lett fromn: thie 'life: you: have led. a womnan's heart 'h in your breast, you would never.come near ler. In Heaven's name-go! :I- will giv you anythidg--anythlngi , only don't insist upon staying here." ' For answer she walked back to the mirror, and deliberately began removing her bonnet, gloves and inan'tle. S"As 1 intend going down and joining your party presently, and being intro duced to the county families. I think I will go up' to:my room at unce, if you pIlease Sir John.. fy the way, is Mr Peter Dan-crfleld oni;lof your guests on this happy occasion? -It strikes me now I should like to know him. He Is your brother's only son. and' heIr-at- law- aifter your daughter; of course. How awklwardfodr that young gentleman you should have a daughter at all. 0 And I the estate is strictly entailed to the near est kin.-male or'female." There was a t gleam of: almost dangerous malice in her eyes as she turned from the mirror. "Yes; I.ami really anxious to make the acquaintance of Mr'Peter Dangerfield." 1 He turned almost livid- hle made a c step towards her. :, C "You would ndt dare,"' he said. husk- s ily; "you wretch, you swould not dare 8 "I would dare anything except being I late for. Miss Dangerfield s birthday I party.. Just seventeen! a charming age, and in lieiress, and a beauty, nc doubt? Ah! what a contrast to my wan ing youth. .I grow melancholy when ] think of it. I was seventeen once, too. f Sir John. though.to look at me now you t mightn't believe it. Ring the bell, please. and let that nice old creature. your housekeeper, show me to my room. t And when I'm ready-say, at ten o'clock c -youwill come for ine lere, and- preint ime to yourl guests.-. No. really, baronet not apothei~rwordtonlnight.on that su;- . ject," These ser'ious inatters are sc c exhausting: 'and -reniemiber I've beer 1 travelling all day. :Ring the bell." s He hesitated a inoment, then obeyed. t The look of a hunted aniiinal was in his eyes, and she stood theren mocking hirr I to his face. It seemed labout as un- 1 equal a contest as a battle between ;i 1 huge Newfoundland a-nd a little Kine 5 Charles, and the King Charles had the victory this time. Mrs Harrison, tl.e housekeeper, an sswered the bell. In the brief interval i no word had ieen spoken. "You will show MrIs Vavasor to her ( room," Sir John said, shortly and stern ly. turning to go. "And I will be dressed by ten, and you ( will call for me here.'' responded Mrs i Vavasor ' gaily, over her shoulder "How foi :unate I have been in not mis. I sing the opportunity of offering my rn gratulations to Miss Dangerfield!" And then, humming a gay French air, i Mrs Vavasor followed the housekeeper i up another broad oaken stairway, alonr a carpeted corridor, and into a velvet- i hung chamber, bright with firelight and waxlight, luxurious with cushions, I chairs, and lounges, fragrant with hot house flowers, and rich with pie tures. "Your luggage is in the wardrobe -d joining, ma'am," Mrs Harrison said, "and if there is anything I can do, or if 1 Miss Katherine's maid -" "You good creature!" Mrs Vavasor answered. "No; I am my own maid. 1 I haven't eight thousand a year, you know, like your darling Miss Katherine, and can't afford luxuries. Thanks, very much, and good night;" and then thle door closed gently in the housekeep er's face, the key was turned, and Sir John's guest was alone. She stood and looked round the room with a smile-that incessant smile that grew\ just a trifle wearisome after the first half hour or so. In tIle golden gleam of the light the tall mirrors flashed, the carpet looked like a green bank of June roses, the silken draperles shimmered, and the exotics in their tall glasses perfumed the warm air. Outside the rain beat, I and the wind blew, and the "blackness of darkness" reigned. She listened to the wild beating of the stormi in the parkl with a little delicious shiver. - (To be continued.), 