C'HAI'TKlt XVIU. A (ii.impsk or Light. All this time Mnrgaret*liad * lived through agonising Any#. For, over and above the pang* occasioned br her being separated from Godfrey Byug, and her cruel doubt of hira, there was* alvar*: ■Imaging: over her head the -terrible toongbt thai, "ooner or later, ser AcU JSizalvitn woo Id have to he Mid what wa» awaiting ISvmo wirts regard so tie M ach as »he <ihd:ied 'He Urt'er, hoch fairer and v.r., she eoald ir.t but v*r, tr.ai tiey x»re m 1 e-tteid of ir.Vohag tivfoweires Her they Had kept aloof. la p!n» of rJaaiwi,*:s» for more thai .the zaae, arA Hitutiog on their rsghta, they aoeepied a arr.aii portion of what they 'o-iid ciaiia with j jjocd iteaf ofgrtiz tnde. 7r.« Traeesaat a frit ie Illiterate ».vd entirely out. of her mri-d- int S»t pweased < good Oral of s:;rv~;:s—all apprararavBi to too contrary—mi fir from waning to annoy her ar tieir preoerre Hid waited 7-ry padeatfj for h*r aar.t'« r~; 'iin. ar^i oaa &clj; that th«r iw; k« the fihaif.." />f th^r parrha^ &f; % Ltrsu in A&crnlia;, <52\. ryhlca. tie elder Truentan had «t hU mind. ' Jt *\h srir.h 2 eba&is;/ aa irgvud r-^iTaactfiiilj, on pap^r; *Ka vxai't &fc; company i^r jt.tr.d f-,l'£A, ZJtHLer be aor hU ,v>n. a-td "txcmid he heat £sc ail parties that h': 3££3*l tiara. And whaa ifargaret had explained to hhr. teat he xotdd he entftSed U* msnh vanze if ha caulil xtdsir tbe laxrts as to hii claim, he otcttthelmed at the idea, and at her ovu lezsc «f justice, declaring that 5re cscdred pound* was aa mneh a.* he and his bay vonid Trant. They trers ycrVfsgfelt*, and cociti ears, what saore they seeded; end as to selling the Coarf, which kai area hers so nicy years, and diTiSrg the aaooey whfc spongers aboct whoa she serer heard te!l till the other day, he ecraid nowise allow it, for it wouldn't be fair. The little faros and sheep raa is Anstralia wis all he win ted to con sideration of his dead wife and her ana. Margaret, ea hearing this, felt a tide of sosae.'hing liie gntitade rise in her breast, as she asked herself whether any lageneat eonld be rude by which, she coald lire on trulrliy at the Ccnrt, and rot sell the dear old pise, bat allow tat 1 ruenun* a jearxr stipeaa m , lieu of so many thousands do wit. * Up to this time she hs-i supplied all their actual need", without doing sazsh more : bat now she began to ask.her self ii. under the circsm«?3ncey, she could refuse to advance the sum for the purchase of the desired una — sines though the ease hod to ecum before the Ltwrers, she had herself sees tha marriage certificate, and there was little doubt that Lady Hurler credited the True mass' toie—she who had been ia America with her sister Susan. Un doubtedly, it would be a relief to Mar garet to know that her objecrionabto Iookisg brother-in-Imr, with his son, werescttledontheothersidecf the globe; bat she had no intention that they should suffer any loss by their modest demands. Over and above this there was a keen desire on her part to spare her aunt any actual encounter with the Truemans. and Mrs. Beech had written to say that she might hope to sail within a week. As she paced mournfully up and dowc. a solitary walk within her own grounds, Margaret came to the conclusion that she would visit the elder Trueman, question him still more, and then, if she felt as much convinced of the truth of his assertion as she did at that moment, to take the responsibility ou herself of advancing the five hundred pounds. Everything else could be arranged by letter. Up aud down, up and down tho darkening path she went, her heart (as ever at this hour in particular) turn ing towards Godfrey Byug. Where was he now ? Unhappy man ! Why had ho separated himself from her so hope lessly? The remembrance of their meeting not far from this very spot, and of all the hopes which then arose, only to die, rent her soul. Suddenly she was startled by a rust- . Hog among the leaves of the ahubbery; and the next moment she caught her breath, while a thrill of alarm went through her, as she became aware of a figure fiying across her path,. and hastily disappearing from view in tho gloi m which was deepening every mo ment. 1 It was the .vicar!'-gasped she, ell aloud to herself, as she stood . rooted to ths'spot/ gazing -in--the direction-the figure-had taken. • • -. i ' Mr. Lufton!' criedybeLrushing -for- - waid/though "she trembled from head - to foat. 4 Mr. Lufton :* ' ; • There was no response; however, and Margaret, very much shaken by this rencontre, and uunble to sec anything distinctly in the fast gathering twilight, aped, stricken with . nervous- dread, .to the safety of the house. _ . • , * AVhy, ma'am, you look as if you had seen a ghost,' said Jane, whd had just carried a lamp into the hall. 'Oh, Jane, I have! I hare seen a ghost, perhaps!' faltered she.- 'At any rate the-figure which darted just now across the-shrubbery path looked exactly like Mr. Lufton.' ! Jane uttered aery on hearing this, and became almost as pale as her young mis tress; and then Anne, the underhousc zoaid, hearing the cry, came up to ask what was the matter, and found Miss Thorpeleigh and her inaid white and trembling^ Margaret was the first to regain con trol over herself, and whilst the story that Mr. Lufton's ghost had been seen flew through the village, Margaret was writing a note to the Inspector of Police to acquaint him with what she had witnessed. The above functionary called at the \- Court immediately afterwards, wearing a Tcry grave demeauour. 'In-mv opinion, madam,' said lie, ' this makes the ease look very grave. Yon'see, if'poor Mr. Lufton has been murdered, this may he a trick of the murderer to set up a ghost story; one never can reckon'what criminals in fear of their lives will do. It looks very bad, to iny mind, that anyone should have dressed up like the vicar just as night was coming on. Of course, it might have been done for a joke, people arc so'silly; hut, if io, it was most un fitting.' - v.. 'Then you feel certain that the figure I saw could not have been Mr. Lufton himself?' rejoined Margaret tremu lously. • 'Judge for- yourself, madam,' rc tnnied the inspector. 'Kone hut a madman would hide for weeks, nay, months now, from his home, and re appear in the twilight only to flyaway; and whatever else Mr. Lufton was he certainly was not a madman. I never knew a elcarer-minded, nicer gentle ' Margaret sighed, and a very de spondent feeling seized on her. "What the inspector hail said was true, the vicar was incapable of acting in such a manner. He was a man of hijrii char acter, nor could any person imagine for a moment that lie was insane! We'shall know his fate some day, 1 don't doubt, madam,' continued the" officer, 'but it will have been a sad one, I fear, and we must make up our minds ttt it. I'll wish you good night; madam, and thank yoii for acquainting me with this matter.' AVhen the inspector was gone a pain ful, nervous dread took possession of Margaret's mind. How drearily the days went by. "What doubt .and uncer tainty surrounded her. Whichever way she looked, her life's horizon was dark. Godfrey was lost to her. Per chance her old dear home must ho vacated, nor could she ever forget, even should the Truemans go to the antipodes, that these people had been.very near to Susan, and were now near connections to herself. The vicar's fate was still a mystery, and with the home-coming of her aunt the painful story of the Truemaus must be unfolded. The morning broke gloomily. She was sitting absorbed iu sorrowful re membrance, when her maid, quivering with excitement, literally rushed into the. breakfast-room. . VOh, ma'am,? she stammered, ' there's ncws.at last!? ^.fNewfi of,what?' replied Margaret, rising in haste. 4 Is Mr.'Button's fate ascertained, then ?' ; 'It as, indeed, ma'am; But it is strange—Mr. Lufton has returned to the viearngc!' * 'Returned!' gasped Margaret, utterly Bewildered, but hardly crediting the etory. : : 4 Ob; yes, .ma'am! sHc walked into bis study without a word of explana tion, only tilling his. housekeeper to got him something to eat. And he won't say a word about where lie lias been all this time, nor why; he went away..: He eiiys he shan!t think-of preaching on Sunday, and that for the future he shall employ a curate, asdic j SUoda rest-* • A . j it is rery unlike Mr. Lufton to act j such a manner,1 stammered Murghret, more and more amazed. 'It is indeed, ma'am,' -agreed the mnid, who still • looked much agitated. His housekeeper aud the girl under her, as well as the garden hoy, all declare that " master is vers* odd 1" ' ' Go up to the .vicarage at once, Jane, and ask for further tidings. • I am tod mueh agitated to go myself,' said Margaret, hurriedly. 4 I'll go this moment, ma'am,' said ' Jane, well pleased to he sent on -thissj errand. And the maid's feet never j Hugged as she hastened to the vicarage. ! But others had preceded her there, in particular Lord Luniuvd; . and in; deference of his age aud rank the others! fell back and allowed him to go in first.; And Jane did likewise, hut she waited | the vicarage garden, near enough to the entrance of *1110 house to overhear what passed between his lordship and Mr. Lufton's distressed housekeeper. • He's himself, aud yet not himself, my lord,' remarked the bewildered woman, 4 and lie refuses to see anyone.' Then he must be suffering from mental aberration,' returned the noble man, 4 aud lie must he seen. T nm one of the church wardens.- and it is my duty to find out what is amiss. "Where is Mr. Lufton 'In-his study, my lorn, and there ho sits with his old hat on ; but he's not hiriisclf, anyhow.' Without another word Lovd Lanfovd walked into the lioiwo, and what then took place Jane only learned a little while afterwards, for it is almost need less to explain that she waited to know more before returning to Thorpeleigh Court. What actually happened was as follows: Lord Lunford • knocked at the clergyman's study door and then opened it, when, sure enough, seated before his writing-table, was the long-lost vicar. . ' Why, Lufton!' exclaimed Lord Lan ford, 1 what a fright you have given us all. Why did you go away ? . And then, as he looked closer at the figure before him, the old nobleman asked himself silently if this man was or was not the lost vicar. lor the figure seated in the leather chair, though like him. very like, resembled him with a difference, and when (seared perchance hy the fixed regard which Lord Lnnford fastened upon him) he rose abruptly, and with this hasty movement his broad-brimmed hat fell off. then Lord Lauford per ceived that the man . before him was not the vicar. 4Stop him!' cried the old nobleman ; ' stop him For the other had leapt to his feet in an instant, had flung back the glass door which opened on to the strip of lawn, and hud fled wildly towards the nearest belt of woodland and not far distant. Neither Lord Lanford nor the house keeper, however, were equal to the chase, which they yet pursued, hoping to keep the fugitive in view. Someone was personating the vicar. This was the bewildering thought in the, minds of each as they hurried onwards; in the vain attempt to overtake the runaway, while the still more bewilder ing question shaped itself in their minds, '"With what motive was this done r' Lord Lnnford was the first to be beaten in the chase. He stopped, panting, and, leaning against a gate, saw the: counterfeit vicar disappear into the j wood. The housekeeper toiled on a! little further, and then she, too, gave i in, gasping for breath. 4 \Y*c have lost him,' cried the old nobleman, who was very much excited, as, indeed, he well might be. 4 I'd best go into the village, my lord,' and tell what has happened,' answered I she, breathlessly. ! His lordship nodded. ; Yes, do. as quickly as you can,' he j managed to say. Then the woman hobbled off. and; Lord Lauford went on into the wood, j He could not run after the fugitive, hut j lie would not turn back. Seme of the | villagers would be sure to be on the I spot directly when such a circumstance j had occurred. Good Heavens! who ■ could have been so heartless, so (luring, and so much of an adept at disguise, as . to have assumed the part of personating | the lost-Mr. Lufton. If it was only a j clever-trick it well deserved exposure, j while if it were done to throw the. authorities off the. truck o"f a.great crime j it was a grave duty to trap the culprit. J Lord Lanford, toiling aloug the path by which the fugitive had vanished,^ perceived all the importance of the capture he was attempting, since if accomplished it might unravel the clergyman's fate. Was this the culprit, who had dared this reckless deed, in order to raise the belief that the missing man was still alive ? Anxiously the old nobleman scanned the path in hopes to catch a glimpse of some pedestrian who might join iu the pursuit, for time" was of supreme im portance. An instant afterwards he perceived someone iu the Meld adjoining the wood, and frantically signalled to this indi vidual to approach. The young man thus hailed paused, and then began to run towards him. 4 Hi! hi!' shouted his lordship. 4 Coming,' returned the other. Lord Laiiford continued to gesticulate | and to beckon to the young man, who ; was now Hearing him with rapid strides, i 4 What, .Mr. Olford, is that you? j You were never more welcome!' ex claimed his lordship; when the other j was within speaking distance. 4 Have | you heard of what has happened at the 41 have just heard that Mr. Lufton Iras returned home, and am on my way to the vicarage,' replied 1'cgiuald. He has not returned. Someone has been base enough to personate him,' cried Lord Lanford, breathlessly. 4,Wlieu I confronted him in the vicar's study, and when, in trying to evade me, his broad brimmed hut fell off, 1 at once detected the imposture. The man has fled, aud has just vanished into that wood. Go ; after him, Mr. Olford, while I rouse tlic ; neighbourhood.' 4 Into the wood?' re-echoed the young man; and as Lord Lanford nodded assent he was off in. pursuit without further parley. Indeed, Keginald Ol ford was not a man to let the grass grow 1 under his feet when he had such a matter in baud, and fully alive to the situation lie dashed recklessly into the depths of the wood. I ' He'll hunt clown the miscreant it janyone can,' muttered Lord Lauford, jmueh relieved in mind at having secured Isucli a coadjutor. *A nice fellow is j Reginald Olford. "What a misfortune • that the charming Miss Thorpcleigh did j not fall in love with him instead of that j wretched Mr. Lyng. I aiu sony enough • for her, having these vulgar, unknown 1 relations swooping down on her.7 | Xow it happened that during the | past night Margaret hud lain awake I pondering deeply on what her duty | towards the Truemans really was. "With j infinite pain she had arrived at the con ! elusion that she had failed in it—that i she hud been cowardly in her shrinking ifrom seeing and questioning the mau who claimed to he her brother-in-law, and she had decided to go and visit him j the next day. He, too, if he had really • been .Susan's husband, might have some | things which he wished to sav to her, | and however she might revolt from I meeting him, she resolved to overcome ; her repugnance and to go. As we have seen, this next day brought the start ling news that the lost vicar had re turned. Hillington, the village at which (lie Truemans were lodging, was not far off; she would walk through the woods as soon as her maid returned with tidings of the vicar. It seemed almost too good to hope that Mr. Lufton had actually come back! Godfrey would be cleared of remaining under suspicion at any rate! Jane came in. breathless and excited. 4 It was net the vicar himself, raxam,' gasped she, 4 only someone dressed up to look like him. Lord Laa ford aud a good many ox the villagers arc tryiug to take the impostor. It seems so dreadful that any one should have dared play such a trick!' Margaret was at first speechless with disappointment aud surprise. Some base- minded person had found pleasure in as vile a subterfuge as anyone could imagine. With a heavy sigh she roused her self after the lapse of a few minutes, and tclliug her maid where she was going, she set off for the Truemans' iodgiugs. I What need was there for any secrecy siuce all her world (except the absent! Mi's, lleech) were by • this time aware ; of poor Susau's ill-judged marriage! i .Desirous, -of--'avoiding * the road through the; village, she took a civ-. cnitous path, ieadiug into the v wood through which, sonic time pre viously, the man who had personated Ihc missing vicar had down. .Margaret-went on into the middle of the wood, when," all at once hurried steps followed by a shout and by the crash of brushwood (as of someone dash ing through the undergrowth) met her She paused, wondering what the commotion could mean, and lialf temflcd at it. The next moment in tense surprise rooted her to the spot as figures emerged into a clearing, and as she gazed the girl fairly gasped for breath. "W'oil might she feel utter bewilder ment at sight of the moving personages dashing across the open space before her, for in each she seemed to sec the lost Mi*. Lufton! She attempted to cry out for help, but, agitated as she was, tremulous, fearful, her voice did not attract the attention of the two persons in view— one of whom was pursuing, the other retreating before his pursuer. Could it be possible that in one of these she saw the missing clergyman ? Controlling her desire to fly from the spot, she went forward as quickly as she could, but before she had gained the clearing they had both disappeared. Margaret's intention of seeing the Truemans that day vanished; another duty had intervened, for it was im perative that she should at once make known what she had witnessed. She was flying down the woodland path, when someone, coming in a contrary direction, uttered a surprised exclama tion, and she recognised Reginald Olford. * Oh, 3Ir. Olford! I have been so startled!1 cried sbe, tremulously ; 41 thought I saw Mr. Lufton—or rather, two Mr. Luftons, in the midst of that clearing.1 ' What, here V he answered, in an agitated tone. 1 Yes! yes! It was only a moment ago that I- saw what appeared to be the lost vicar, and someone besides who was the exact counterfeit of him.1 1 Which way was it?5 asked Reginald, breathlessly. 4 To the left, and one was pursuing the other. I will go and make it kuown.' "Without the loss of a moment she made for the shortest path out of the wood, and told her breathless tale at the nearest cottage, hogging that some one would go to assist Mr. Olford in his search. 4 'Taint no use, miss, not if a hundred of us was to go!', rejoined the woman wbo'had answered her summons. 4 'Tis the poor gentleman's ghost wandering about the wood.' 4 Indeed, it was no ghost, Mrs. Porter,' argued Margaret. 1 Who can I ask to join in the search ? Who will be at home ?' 4 My dear miss, 'tis many a day since poor Mr. Lufton vanished, as one may say, and now he's seen, first in one place, then in another; now at Hilling ton, then in the copse near by. 'Tis his spirit, poor gentleman, come hack to this earth to err for vengeance. 'Twasn't no other that went to the vicarage, neither.' Seeing it vain to argue the matter, Margaret went to ether cottages with much the same result, and having at length roused the carpenter and a brick layer out of work to consent to help in the search, she reached home almost too much dispirited to wonder what tidings concerning the vicar would next he spread abroad. Margaret was not, however, to be left long without hearing something of the afternoon's episode, for an hour or two later her maid knocked at the door, and brought the latest tidings. 4 Oh, ma'am !' exclaimed she, 4 James has come in, and he says there's ever such a commotion in the village. Tor Mr. Glover, he that has opened the new general shop, was coming back from Hillington, when all of a sudden, in u patch of moonlight, by Dene's Hollow, ho saw the two figures that you saw, miss, and the fright has made him quite ill. -Lord Laufoixl has sent out another party to search, but the village folk have shut their doors, believing that 'tis ghosts as people have seen.' And Jane's rosy face grew pale as she concluded. • i > 41 never heard of- two ghosts repre senting one. man,' replied Margaret, > with a wen.smile.. A trouble*], sleepless night succeeded, and when morning dnvrncd MissThorpe Icigh's spirits were so much depressed that she went out into a lonely part of the grounds,, wondering whether her heart would ever again be at rest. It was a still morning; and as she wandered on, absorbed in thought, the quiet-was broken bv u sudden tumult. Hurrying steps, shouts, the .cries of sereral persons shuck upon 'her ear, and, ill a moment she found herself sur rounded by a group of men, women, and children, who were pursuing a flying tigurc-r surely that of the lost vicar. That figure dodged, turned, and sought by every device to elude his pursuers, but in vain; aud then a new feature broke upon the scene, for labouring after the now captive man came a second figure, before whom all fell back affrighted, for unmistakably here was the missing clergyman !. Meantime two or three of the by standers had laid a firmer hold on the man who wore so strange a resemblance , to 3Ir. Litfton, and a voice said, very ! strenuously, 4 Now, then, you will ex plain your masquerading at the police station.* 1 No, no, no 1** answered another voice ; 1 it is 1 who will explain every thing. You all recognise me, surely, in spite of my non-cleritnl costume!' Jt was" the vicar who spoke, the veritable man for whom they had all been seeking witli such anxiety till they had grown to believe that he had been murdered. There was no mistake this time in his identity, as the bewildered Margaret told herself on recognising his voice. Then who wan this other man who had counterfeited him ? And with what object had ho acted so strange a part? They gathered round the actual Mr. Luftou, over whelming him with questions. ' "What can have happened to you,' sir ? Where have you been ? "Who is this person resembling you so strangely? You have kept us all in tenable sus pense. It was" not treating us very well/ &c.;, &c.j; &e.; These sentences assailed the vicar's ; ears on all sides, increasing his distress and bewilderment. He put up bis hand, thud silently asking attention. There was a sudden liusli among the crowd, and Mr. Lufton spoke. 41 have had something hard to bear,' lie said, 4 since I last saw you . *.1; but I onght'not to regret it, since it enables me to unravel the darkest scheme that was ever concocted. 41 must begin my talk by explaining what 1 have hitherto guarded as a pro found secret.' Every car was strained to catch'what was ncx\ to be revealed, and the .vicar continued: 4 But it can be kept secret no longer, however painful it may be to me to reveal it. 2?one of you have known— though I have lived among you so long —that I hare a twin brother who is mentally afflicted, and who under the name of Payne, has been for years under the charge of Dr. Bewley at Fitchlcy.1: 4 All!' 4 Oh!' 4 "Who would have guessed that ?' was ejaculated all round, and many caught their breath in strong excitement, while Margaret, fully as much interested as any one of the group, pressed nearer. The clergyman, who was a good deal affected, went on: 4 Though seemingly harmless, tho doctor has always declared -that my brother needed careful guardiahship, aud he was therefore never permitted to go beyond Dr. Bewley's grounds. 4 Recently he assumed illness, during the doctor's enforced absence, and he wrote to me, entreating tbat I would go and scd him the next day, as soon as morning service was over, for he felt ho might not live through the Sunday. 4 The journey by railway occupies only thirty-five minutes; so .that by setting off at about twenty minutes to one o'clock immediately after morning service, there would time be to go and return by three o'clock, as the train fitted perfect. J 4 Dr. Bewley had often admitted m© by a side door half concealed by shrubs, and had taken mc through liis study to my brother's room, for he knew that I wished to keep my visits as private as possible. - ' ?' . [to ex continued next wxzx.f Recreant men cashier* of peveral Min neapolis esiatywhinent* have boeh replaced by, 