! A ROYAL GHOST, , . .. An apparition has been seen in .Windsor Castle." An officer of the Grenadier Guards, who would probably prefer to lead the for- lorneat of forlorn hopes rather than to"; have to make an admission so eminently calculated ' to bring ridicule and chalt upon him, sticks to his assertion that he'has seeh so'methinir, which he " believes -to be supernatural ' Th Windsor Castle. The officer in question is Lieut. A. St. Leger Giyn, 3rd Batn. Grena dier Guards. To commence with, the story first appeared in the 4 Petit Journal, "of Paris. What was therein stated must. be characterised as absurd to a degree. The inhabitants of Windsor Castle are not in any state of terror about the matter, ; and tlie" recruiting of the night guard has not become a matter of difficulty because of any awe on ' the part of the soldiers. The guardsmen would prefer feminine company, even if it were only the ghost of Queen Elizabeth, rather than solitude. Nor have any . dread - ful portents been deduced from anything which has happened. But after ridicule had been heaped upon the French news about the state of affairs at Windsor, infor-;. mation was received that something strange had undoubtedly been reported upon high authority. the bishop of petebboeough, for instance, had told several people abou ' an uncanny appearance, and the bishop's nephew, Lieut. Glyn, was mentioned as one who was prepared to vouch for a strange occurrence. Investigation of the matter was not easy. The Bishop of Peterborough: had gone abroad. Lieut. Glyn was in Argyll - sMre. The Castle authorities were at Osborne, in Scotland, or on the Continent ; and. even hardened reporters did not care to ask too. ostentatiously in Sunday's sunlight for information about Qneen Elizabeth's ghost. A.t- length, however, the mother of Lieut. Glyn, the Hon. Mrs. Sidney Carr Glynn, was found, and this lady astonished the inquiring newspaper man by remarking' quietly, in reply to the question introducing this eerie topic, that there was truth in the matter. From the communication the lady then proceeded to make it appear that this Royal phantom is no mere conventional spirit. It did not wait until midnight to sound before it appeared ; it did not groan or even beckon ; and, most unaccountable circumstance of all in a castle like this, it did f not make the customary clanking noises. The Hon. Mrs. Sidney Carr Glvnu said : — 4 It is perfectly true that my son has wit nessed something abnormal. He was he tells me, ' bitting in the ltbbaby of Windsor Castle reading a ' boox, the j 'History of Dorsetshire,' to he exact. : a3 : j he read, he became aware of somebody passing in.the inner library. He looked up I and saw a female figure in black, with black lace on the head, falling op to the shoulders. The figure passed across the library towards a corner which was out of view as my son sat, and he did not take much notice, think ing it was somebody reading in the inner room. This was just 4 in the afternoon and an attendant soon afterwards came np to close the place. My son asked who the lady was who was at work in the inner room and the attendant replied that no one else was in the library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before walked across the inner room. 4 Then where could she be ?' asked the attendant, having ascer- tained that nobody was in the inner room. 4 She must have gone out of a door in the corner, said my son, indi- eating the corner to which the figure had passed. 4 But there is no door,' said the attendant. My son said nothing about this incident, and did not think very mtoch about it, I understand, until Mr. Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, the attendant having mentioned the matter to MrNcEolraea. Asked by Mr. Holmes to describe the figure he had seen, my son did so, and Mr. Holmes replied that my son had seen the Appabition of Queen Elizabeth. Mr. Holmes added that there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieut. Glyn was the first man in our time who had seen it. The Dean of Windsor also asked my son about it, and several members of the Royal Family have inter viewed Mm on the subject. As for Mr. Holmes, I am given to understand that he has spent nights and days in the library since, in the hopes of being vouchsafed a visitation.' The Hon. Sydney Carr Glyn the famous Crimean veteran, and father of Lieut. Glyn, here entered the room, and upon learning of the topic under discussion, said : — 4 If my son says he has seen anything, you may take' it from us that he has seen it. He is a fresh, honest English boy, only a subal tern, ' but fond of field sports, like most guardsmen, and unlike some guardsmen fond of reading. He wouldn't exaggerate any thing a hair's breadth.' Both the Hon. and Mrs. Sidney Carr Glyn gave permission for the publication of this statement by their son, subject to the sanotion of Lieut. Glyn. On Sunday night a wire was despatched to Lieut. Glyn, soliciting leave to give the story on Ms authority, and the next morning came the answer, 4 Certainly, if you like. — Glyn, Grenadiers, Islay.' Whbbe the Ghost Walks. Mr. R; R. "Holmes, F.S.A., the librarian of the Castle, was next seen by the inter viewer, w ho wrote : — Mr. Holmes conducted me to the scene of the alleged apparition. He pointed out the ohair occupied by Mr. Glyn, which stands on the east side of the first room, and I seated myself in it. Im mediately before me was a large globe, look- !nn> naof TivViinVi a fotr ef/iTa land Tin infn n. AAA as, JkfUOW nuivu AW i ! VMS« tr gallery, the sides of which are lined with books,: there being windows on the left hand and a aeries of bays on the right, varions windows of which looked down upon the terrace. At. the far end of the gallery is a turret, 2 windows of which looking on the west made a broadish space of light, against which any figure traversing the gallery would be sharply silhouetted. On the south side of the gallery — which was built by Queen Elizabeth, and used by her as a pic ture gallery in wMch she was accustomed to walk, and wherein she devised, or reflected upon, those masterpieces of statecraft wMch have made her reputation what it is — stands a fine cMmney-piece over which the bust of the .'Virgin Queen' looks down somewhat severely upon the spot where her shade has been so recently seen. It:is here that Mr. Glyn . says he saw the apparition wMch, passing from him along the gallery, turned -sharply to the. right, and disappeared into the -bay from whence in former times a stair case led down to the. terrace, on wMchalso Queen Elizabeth was wont to promenade. Mr. Holmes says that this gallery has had the . Reputation of Being Haunted by the gho3t fo£ : Qneen Elizabeth from time out of . memory,; -His own recollection of the story, dates ; from- 27;; years ago, and he has been in the habit of; spending- Hallowe'en in the gallery/for several - years in. the hope of encountering her deceased Maj esty . He had heard some rumour to the effect that the Einpress: Frederick . had, .when, a child, seen an apparition in the ; gallery, and on her visiting Windsor shortly. hope3 to secure some corroboration or denial of the rumour. 