MODERN PYTHIAS. A group of tennis players were lounging under the locust trees in the «itmpus of a college Tliey had just finished Uie fifteenth "Ust game of lilt; season," for although November WHS near, the weather remained like summer. It was little Ted McNutt who found his breath lirnt, mid broke the silence " Have you got acquainted with the new soph yet-Fred Hersen ? Seems to be a genial sort." " Genial 1" echoed bis nearest neighbour, Clifford Doone, in a tone of infinite disgust "What old-fashioned words you use, Mac! I'lirase him in tbe modern languages, can't you?" " Why, 1 mean ho isn't stickish. He gets acquainted easily, doesn't seem a bit homcsick or forlorn, us the new fellows mostly are, and takes his examination like so much fun." " You don't say ! " ejaculated Lex Small, tbe champion athlete of the school, who spent so much timo and energy an gymnastics that little was left for mathematics " So," reasserted McNutt. " tiuess I'll get introduced. Ho might help mo out in trig," said Lex, thoughtfully. The boys all laughed at this characteristic remark, and fnirly shouted when Shirley Denne, the " pet lamb of the flock," ns ho was called, showed his colours by hoping " that the girls would not go crazy over him." .' They will, I know," spoke up Clifford, " For I saw Flo Barnard talking with him in the library, and the girls all follow her lead.'1 There was a chorus of groans at this, for these four young men were the admiration of the girl students, whioh Secret was long since di»covored, and often discussed at their private meetings. " In union thore is strength-my only axiom, gentlemen," proclaimed Lex. "A fellow has uo business coming into this college two months late, taking the front seat in our class-rooms and in our best girls' hearts. I propose we unite in downing this new and objectionable person, every time, everywhere, and iu every possible way 1" " Agreed !" they shouted, McNutt adding, " Let's, begin right off 1 I'll get introduced in order to find the weak points in bis armour. Lex, go and look up bis place in the class books. Cliff, prepare to outshine him iu recitation to morrow, and Shirley look after the soundness of the girls' hearts." So, laughingly, they shouldered tbeir rackets and sauntered into the house. ?' Thns endcth tbe fifteenth last game 1" exclaimed Lex. " One would think wo were practising for the stage, with our numerous farewell engagements. Suppose, for a change, we turn to our work us investigating committee, and hear the report of members, Maq^Jirat." liaising himself upon one elbow McNutt began " I got acquainted with tbe new man and found he was from New York. Ho didn't say i whether it was tbe State or City; iu fact, lie} has the knack of making a body talk, so I came I away feeling that ho knew more about mo than I did of him, and-that's all." | "He didn't have a very good lesson this morning," put in Shirley, " and he seemed , green to me-staring at every ooe who got up to recite." .' Oh, new ones all do I" objected MoNutt. " One thing 1 know,'' asserted Lex, calmly proceeding amid the shouts of " Hear, hear !" " Flo has introduced him to half of the girls already, and I intend giving her my opinion of such forward, unladylike conduct."' "He husn't shown preference for any, so far," i said McNutt, thoughtfully scraping the seeds from the grasses around him, M but it boats me what a fancy ho has for that stupid Jack Stokes. This is Stokes' second term, you know, and he hasn't half a dozen friends to iiis name ; yet he and Harsen were walking in the campus this morning like old cronies." " Oh," yawned Clifford, " we are gossiping as they do at a ladies' tea party. Let's have ) another game by way of practice." While these conversations were being held on the lawn, the much-discussed student, Fred Hn rsen, was fast being initiated into the life of the college. All that the quartette of envious fellows had said of him was true, which iB more than can be asserted of most gossip. Never had the college walls held a student so popular in so short a space of time. The girls raved over his manliness and good looks, while his ability and joviality won the more reluctant respect and good will of the boys. All were amazed, however, that he should form so ardent a friendship with Jack Stokes, a student far from popular among them. Uy-and bye they were looming together, and their den became headquarters for all the fun going. Here it was that the the boys congregated to plan their first sleigh-ride; chose sides for a golf match; electod their ghost to attend the girls' lea party ; held impromptu debates, and wrote essays for one another. Even Stokes bee&me; " illumined with a reflected popularity," as Lox grumpily called it, | and was invited every where his comrade was. By times ho was the life of the company ; but it was a fitful gleam, and he invariably relapsed into a morbid gloom. Weeks passed making little change in the social affairs of tdbe College; one night, however, a strange procession wound its way through the grounds, and only the crunching of ice-covered snow broke the stillness. The bell boy shrieked with terror when ho opened the door to receive a group of men bearing two uuconscious bodies. They had gone out, a lively crew, in a tour-h&rao; sleigh ; but through f right or reckless driving tbe horses had carried them over an embank ment, with this awful result. Many were cut and bruised, while Clifford Doone had a leg broken, and Jack Stokes was internally injured. Soon there was hurrying to-and-fro, and the excitement was for days intense. Clifford's condition was painful, buthis recovery was only a question of time ; Jack's life, however, swung iu tbe balance for many days. During that time l'red scarcely left his side, declaring that he cotid do a^vull as any trained nurse,and that he would give up his place in class rather than desert his friund. The doctor and professor looked at one another in surprise, one of them whispering, " A veritable Damon and Pythias casn." He had his own way, an usual, night after night banishing the kind-hearted ones who offered to relieve them. After a day of unusual suffering anil the constant attendance of the doctor, wbon Fred was left alone With the sick man, Jack turned a white face towards him and said wistfully " 'J-'ho doctor has given me up, have you ?" " No, indeed!" was the quick answer. " Still, I would prepare for the worst, Jack. Tell me anything that burdens your minds." " I understand-and I'm not ready to die, either, for 1 haven't lived right, and the inno cent might suffer because of me. Can you keep a secret H DrSw up closer and I will tell you one." He talked long and eagerly in whispers, until Fred saw his strength was exhausted and his story m arly done, so he said in a trembling voice " That will do. Take this and go to sleep " And when tbe medicine had done its work, this " Pythias " quickly crossed the room, opened a trunk that was not his, carefully laid its contents on the floor, and iinully raised a neatly made falsa bottom. Ah, the uebwucall friendship I What a frail thing it is 1 Jack did not die; As soon as the doctors would permit the boys met iu 91 for a jubilee, carrying Clifford In that they might have their " heroes " together. It nan a rare occasion, and they were nil in high gleo. But when Fred and Lex reached their own mom the former hoisted himself upon the study table mid exclaimed " It heats nie ! When Jack wns thought nbout to dio 1'red WHS devotion devoted, nnd upon my honour, between you nnd ino anil tllis table, now that he's getting well the fellow acts sorry." " You're right, Mac," was the answer. " I never saw such ai\ expression on a mortal's face. He couldn't have looked mihnppicr if he were to be hung, and you'd have expected him to bo the jollirst one of the crowd. Oh, well, Harsen's a puzzle wo might ns well give up flrsfc as last, nnd I'm too sleepy to tulk, anyway ; so get don n, and don't voiituve another word to night." Soon ho was snoring, a queer little childish snore, and McNiitt dropped off with a stnilti on his face. A week afterwnrd Stoke nppenred for the llrst time iu the class-room, Hnrsen following, and looking far tho paler of the two. The professor entered, and was about to begin the recitation when Fred stopped to tho dusk, and laving iloiru some papers said audibly : " "Will you examine these, nnd vouch for their correctness Y'' Then, facing Stokos, ho said in a clear voice, " George Stover, ill thu name of tho law 1 arrest you ou tho charge of forgery committed threo years ago in Buffalo, Now York You have concoaled in your trunk-which is now in the hands of tho authorities-four thousand three hundred dollars; besides, you have freely confessed this crimo to me. As a detective" (throwing open his cost to show I he star), " 1 traced you here, but having to prove your guilt 1 entered as a student and became jour daily companion, ThiB voii all know, so there U nothing for mo to add except perhaps a few persunal words, fellow studunts, it has been a mean part I have played, nud the daily deooption has been almost uuoodurable, still it wns necessary, as ouch ono can tee. When Jack was sick especially after lie toulc me into his confidence -f wished that to save himself tile disgrace and the penally-oh, I wished in iny heart he might die." Tliero was a painful panso, in which no ono seemed to breathe, then he went on, " Had lie died then no one should over have j attached the crime to him, and 1 would have disappeared from this college ns suddenly as 1 appeared. The sheriff is iu tho ball. We must go." Jack, who had riton at Fred's first words, stepped forward and said iu a manly voice - " It is true. I am guilty. Believe mo, boys, I would rather bo serving out my sentence where I belong thau here among tho innocent. Anywhere is a prison with remorse in one's heart, and perhaps when this crime is atoned for, and 1 come to face death again, it will not be so hard. Forget me, one nnd all. Good bye.'' There wore no more lessons learned in college that day, and no laughter for a week. After discussing the matter for the four hundredth time, Shirley Deane turned to the group of girls and said sharply " And Hnrsen was married, too. He told tne so at the depot, and said he hoped the girls would not cry, but I Uoiie you will, awl that it will be a lesson to overyone of you.' " 