QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE CHURCH. Adopted by the Lower House op the Convocation of Canterbury in Sessions of May 32th, and July 5th, 6th, 7th, 1887. I. Q. What meanest thou by the Church? — A. I mean the body of which Jesus Christ is the Head, and of which I was made a member in my baptism. II. Q. How is the Church described in the Creeds ? — A . It is described as One, Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic. III. Q. What meanest thou by each of these words ? — A. I mean that the Church is One as being One Body under the One Head;, Holy, because the Holy Spirit dwells in it, and sanctifies its members ; Catholic, because it is for all nations and all times ; and Apostolic, because it continues steadfastly in the Apostles' doctrine and fellowship. IV. Q. We learn from Holy Scripture that in the Church the evil are mingled with the good. Will it always be so ? — A. No; when our Lord comes again, He will cast the evil out of His kingdom ; will make His faithful servants perfect both in body and soul ; and will present His whole Church to Himself without spot, and blameless. V. Q. What is the office and work of the Church on earth? — A. The office and work of the Church on earth is to maintain and teach everywhere the true faith of Christ, and to be His instrument for con veying grace to men, by the power of the Holy Ghost. VI. Q. How did our Lord provide for the government and con tinuance of the Chui'ch ? — A. He gave authority to His Apostles to rule the Church; to minister His Word and Sacraments; and to ordain faithful men for the continuance of this ministry, until His coming again. VII. Q. What orders of ministers have there been in the Church from the Apostles' time? — A. Bishops, Priests, and Deacons. VIII. Q. What is the office of a Bishop?— A. The office of a Bishop is to be a chief pastor and ruler of the Church ; to confer Holy Orders ; to administer Confirmation ; and to take the chief part in the ministry of the Word and Sacraments. IX. Q. What is the office of a Priest ?— A. The office of a Priest is to preach the Word of God ; to baptise ; to celebrate the Holy Com munion ; to pronounce absolution and blessing in God's name ; and to feed the flock committed by the Bishop to his charge. X. Q. What is the office of a Deacon? — A. The office of a Deacon is to assist the Priest in Divine Service, and specially at the Holy Communion; to baptise infants in the absence of the Priest; to catechise ; to preach, if authorised by the Bishop ; and to search for the sick and the poor. XI. Q. What is required of members of the Church? — A. To endeavour, by God's help, to fulfil their baptismal vows ; to make full use of the means of grace ; to remain steadfast in the communion of the Church; and to forward the work of the Church at home and abroad. XII. Q. Why is it our duty to belong to the Church of England ? — A. Because the Church of England has inherited and retains the doctrine and ministry of the one Catholic and Apostolic Church, and is that part of the Church which has been settled from early times in our country. 