LOVE IN -A MASK or, THE STERNE MYSTERY. CHAPTER XLV1.-(Coiitinued.) Noel was startled, but he stepped for ward, saying boldly, for he saw that Sir John had averted his face: "Father. If I did not stand by you nor, I should be an -unnatural craven in deed!" "I do not deserve this." murmured Captain Campbell. "I never under.tuod the meaning of love until now. Sir John and T were always enemies and ri vals. We have done each other many bitter wrolng in the past; but the crime of conspiring to ruIin the fair fame of his wife, and those that should Ilear his lnale. by a miock marriage, is unpardon blel. 1 make no excuse : the scheme w:ts mili :anll Castlemnn's, Iceras:tl w hated Sir John. We met Mr Lawson a ? thi g- nining-t:l.l;'. and. attracted by Iis glib tongule and il16liii~edge of bibliIal quotations, we taxed him with being a parson, but he strongly denied it, though he confessed to having studied for the Church." "1 was ashamed of being seen in so wicked a place." the clergyman inter I!'sd. "though I had been drivten by lhtak of funds to try my luck." "Then it was," proceeded Campbell, ,"'iat our scheme began to ripen:-. We coillded in Lawson; :but: I'll .acknow ledge that we did 'not obtain his ,consent until li liad been.paid jlfty. rupees aiid had a pifomilsde offlfty more wvhen .his Ni .ork ivas donie:'~ji.In a, fei days- dan ex pected uprising of thicnatives tobok place and ,we seized ;thitf 'dportunlty to !i et Sir Johbiand tlhegi-rlthat he lihad cheat ed:us:both' of to: go thiough a imaiirlage ceremony that was tiblle in :reality no marriage at' all. Our. olonel had been killed, a.aid his daughter, liho :was aflianced to Sli John. needed protection. I do not think that I need' diell longer upon this horrible subject. Only letbme say howlthanikfuil I am to Heaven that Mr Lawson deceived us. To' me :thre have' been long. weeks of :bitter-bitter remorse.".: ' ' . ' . . " Fori a Inoment 'lie.was shaken ..with emotion.:," - .; : ":Ii :self- vindlcation,"' puIt in : the clergyman; "lot me say that before join, ing in the shameful plot, I made full in quiries about Sir John Sterne and Miss Mervin. and knew that no harm could result from: a. legal marriage -betnween them; 'Then the affair entirely. escaped my memory for. years.' ':Suddenly Sir John spoke: . "I.have been terribly pubished,,but am by no means blameless.' -It is true that Campbell and JI hated each other as young men.. But let it be forgotten; Then. I. discovered the fancied wriong that had been done to me and my little child,:I was not respoifsible for myn ac tions . I searched high, and low for Campbell and Castlemon, with 'murder hii my heart. At:length I heard that Campbell had fallen in battle, and I re solved to mutilate :his dead body, or* finish him,. i' any life -were left. tMy uhlerring instinct guided me to him.-He was half buried among a heap of slain. I flashed nmy sword in his face and he begged for mercy.;IHe )as parched with fever's burning thirst. Satisfied that he was dying, I laughed at him. wished him a speedy journey to a darker, world, and left hiin." . He held out his haid to Campblell and 'added :' "I: believe that J. deserved-:youe hate, but. I forgive .:ll fo 6rmy.stga.e sake.'' - * :- ;· - .Captalt Campbell was too overcome to reply, but he grasped 'Sir ::John's out stretched . hand,' not letting go until Mr Lawson exclaimed:. - .. "The butler andd Lord Crawfield's valet liha gone into the churchl. The earl is not far. behind.": SEven' ashe spoke.. the 'Park carriage appeared at the foot of the hill, and as it passed the reotory, Captain Camp bell stood at the window' by the side of SIr.John. - : " The:accursed scoundrel !" muttered the baronet.- "I saw his yellow face as the carriage passed!" For.a moment the clergyman left the room, but came back saying: "Follow me to the vestry, please, through the passage that communicates with the rectory. Make as little noise as possible." :' The whole party- obeyed; on the very tiptoe of expectation, Sir John leaning on the arm of Markham, and Captain Campbell walking. between his son and wife. -. Captain Parker could do little else but give vent to ejaculations that had bet ter be left out of print, while his wife and Annette brought up the rear. They passed Into the vestry, and it re quired the restraining hand of Mr Law son tp stay Sir John from rushing for ward, and attacking Crawfield, whom he could see half-supporting the beauti ful Elsie at the altar rail. -,"Where is Mr Lawson?" the voice of Crasfleld demanded, angrily. "I am here, my lord," was the reply, as he advanced. "I am here io save this pool child from you, fiend thatyouare!" ".Then it was that -the earl's blazing eyes rested upon Sir John and the party crowding into the doorway; then it was that Elsie sprang into her father's arms with a cry of joy. CHAPTER XLVII.-ELYSIUM. Quick to think and to' act,. Lord Crawfleld knew that he was cornered-that there was not a ghost of a chance for the success of his scheme of making Elsie Sterne his wife. He could not understand how he had been so cleverly hoodwinked, or how the man he knew as Castlemon had escaped from the well. And here was Sir John Sterne. whom he had believed to be dying thousands of miles away-here he was back at Blairwood, and apparently in improving health. "I owe this to Grant, curse him!" he thought. "1 understand his warning now'! He has beaten me withi my own weapons. If I ever meet him again, it is his life or mine!" "My lord," Captain Campbell said, "I will not now press you for the payment you promised, and I give you credit for knowing in your own mind that I was not Castlemon, but Harry Campbell. When I betrayed my knowledge that you were a murderer, I knew that you would try to kill me, and was prepared for you. The ian upon whom you in tended to shift 'the crime was present. and saved me from the well. I do not know If it is Sir John's intention to punish you for drugging and kidnapping his daughter, but while forgiving you for assaulting me. T intend informing the police of what I saw in the Park on the night that Zeba's cottage was de stroyed." "Your accomplice, Grant, has fled," re marked Sir John. "I would advise you to do the same. You are a young lman, clever, wealthy, and of the highest social rank, but your future is blasted by your own wicked and unscrupulous mind. Though you richly deserve it, it would be inexpressibly painful to have your agony intensified by a weary trial before a gaping crowd, and we agree to give you twenty-four hours in which to leave the country you Jhave disgraced and dis honored." "As much to escape an expose of your owll scandal as lenience towards me," sneered the abject wretch. "There is no scandal In Sir John's life." interrupted the clergyman. "I am the man who conducted the ceremony which made Miss Sterne's mother a legal wife. You have been imposed upon in every way.". "There was a, touch of sarcasm in Mr Lawson's tones, and with a fierce impre cation Lord Crawileld turned and hur ried away-out of their lives for ever, with Kemp, the pompous butler, and his valet following close behinW. What terms they made with him fof services rendered will never be known. Meanwhile, Lady Hlelena had fainted, and recovered at least half a dozen times. The expected annuity had melted away, and she did not at all relish the manner in which Sir John regarded her. At last she fell sobbing at his feet, and was lold to leave Blaircwood Park that very day. "You shal! not face the worlid penni less." Sir John said: "but T will not have one ellemlnt of discord under my roof an instant longer thlan is necessary. Gol to some hotel or just wherever you please. and I will send you; a cheque for five hundred pounds. After that I wash Imy hands of you. ungrateful woman that you are!" The party left the church and entered the clIrri.ges that had returned from the Ilairwood Arms. and so gr'eat was the joy upon every face that any passing, stranger would have vowed that there had been a happy wedding. At the last moment. however. Noel ex pressed- a desire to walk with Elsie to, the Park rather than ride.;because the exercise anld tli sweet. 0reishair would help to hanish T the. lingering effects of the narcotic that still clung to her system.' : : ;Upon, this Anriette suggested that she sliould ride o : the. boxl:beside Stretton. She did not miind'it a ? bltin fact, 'she *would enjoy .: :':;-: .. :'Thlie requests of:I thhe yyoung ;ipeople were sinilingly .ganted .anid; when they were'dlone' Nool ~caught. Elsle:. to his 'breast'in a; mad, passionate embrace. "i "Oh, .nmydai-fln,'' he -:said,. "I can hardly- belieive that all thits is. r eal yet! But esterday W'.N' were Il darknbss and pain. and now .-iHeaven, itself -is opened to us, and e. a'e' bidden to enter." . She answered',hin.;'withI a kiss and a halpy sigh; and they - walked' together, clinging tightly al:l the way untill they came to' the ; emlboivered lawn. which: Noel called the "Court of Love.'" '' SAgain did they recount all that was beautiful li 'tlie past; but t1he most bliss ful moments that memory-recalled plaled before tthe exquisite jo03 o'f the shining present. . Thoug.h tlhe reader 'may I'.anticipate pretty accurately what became oif .the people who i ave0 played their parts 'in this story, he or she would feel i .little dissatisfied if the author neglected to chronicle the actual .facts in black' and 'white, so I -will gatheri up the .threads anid 'lay them before you. " Lord Crawfield took; the advice of Sir Tohfi, and fled to the Continenti but, not iný accordance witli Sir John's advice; he was breathing vengeance against Grant; wlidon he still belleved iad duped him:. Though :ie searched for 'the lawyer for many weeks. he met him at last a6 cidentally, to be shot dead on the instant by the man wh6om'lie was seeking. 'There sias no'malice or premeditated" inteiit to kill in the lawyer's act;,He was simply: freizied ';by- fear, after- bei'ng chased ovet Europe by a man who ihad sworn to take'his life. Then Grant dis appeared, ?one kn 'ew whither. SThe blow was a severe,one to the pride of .his wife and stepdaughter; Iut 'Ade line Cleveland consoled ,herself by mar, tying an aged.and Impecunious lord, who gave..to her the shelter of a digni fled name- in lieu of ready cash. . . .The. enieinenanly Mir Kemp".na trce. d *to leasefllls needa so6E 'smiesvlh Iife To his disgust, he' was paid his claim against Willian. Stretton in full, and saw his hated rival reinstated .as head gamekeeper.: Tlien lthe banns were read at church by the clergyman, and there was so much malice in his heart that a little of it bubbled from his mouth. This reached the . ears of people who had had reason to dislike hiii, and upon the very day that Sttetton and Antette were married the gentlemanly Mr Kempi was tarred and featlered by a few who had feasted not wisely but too wsell. He, fled, and never came back again. Meanwhile Sir John had adjusted his accounts with the readjustment of his mind, the result being that an accumu lation due to his sister.amounting to up wards of a hundred thousand pounds, was transferred in a proper and legal manner and to the satisfaction of all parties, with the reservation that he de ducted every fraction of the money patid to Captain Campbell when he-' wasI known as James Castlerion.' This .,as Insisted upon by the captain himself, who settled down as a model husband, and industriously employed himself to the shrewd investment of his wife's un expected wealth. And all this while Noel had been Work ing slavishly, his time being about equally divided between his studio in London and Blairwood Park. , In five months he had painted half-a dozen portraits, and the picture that was to make his fame and 1frtune? had been accepted by the Academy. With this great news he arrived ufiex pectedly at the Park o6ie'moriing;-ind Sir John greeted him' witil 'it nirry: laugh. "Here again!" lie daid. "Noel,' .my boy, I think that you had; bettdr set up' your studio here. If you. are'rnot',con sumed with impatience-to go 'in search of Elsie. I would like to say a few words to you." "I am listening, uicle; but pray don't be long. I have grand pews myself. My last picture Is accepted, and I--" "Well, well! I will be brief. You and Elsie are to be married inext month, and as all this will be yours and hers one day, you must not take jny ewe lamb away from me. I am an old man-much older than my years, and I want a young head and st'ong hands to hellp me in the management of my estate. I love Elsie, even as much as you do- in a dif ferent way. I love you lad. becausel-" Tears gathered ill his eyes. and Noel grasped his hands. "Uncle," he said, "your will is our law in these things. I should hate to take myi darling away from you, and nothing will please us better than--" "Better thanii wha't?" interrupted El sie, suddenly entering the room, her face radiantly lovely with tilhe great happl ness that had come into her life. " Why. nothing will please us better than to make our home here after 'we are mnarried, sweetiheart," Noel conclud ed, laughingly, as he kissed her blush ing face. "It is papa's wish. darling." Elsie ran to her father's arms and kiss ed him fondly, saying: "I never want to leave you. dear papa-never!" "Only for a little while. You must have a nice honeymoon," he smiled. "And that reminds me that there is a big box of wedding presents for you from Captain Parker and his wife.' Now that I am satisfied I will leave you to your love-making. I see that Mr Law son is coming across the lawn." Sir John left them togther to that in effable bliss which the true and tile tried only know. (Tile End). Neatly Turned.-It is not every man who knows how to compliment a woman gracefully. The following dialogue took place between a very pretty lady singer and a celebrated composer wiho is by no means addicted to flattery: "Tell me, my dear maestro, which would you like the better, to be blind or deaf?" "Deaf, madame, when I am looking at you, and blind when I hear you sing!' 