OUR LETTER BOX: TO THE EDITOR. SIR,-In writing to your valuable paper at an electiontime does not in my case make me either a "Groomite" or a "Turnerite," But I am growing rusty and must have a "chip in" at something. Those who don't like what I have written must, by personal request, pass it overlwithout comment. Those who do like what I have written must for the same reason pass the matter over in silence. I have been, through the election, filled with very serious thoughts, not by the election itself, but by some of the nonsensical questions that the candidate was asked.' One :is the right or wrong that would be done to an electorate by returning, as a member, one who would vote for, or bind himself, I should have said, to vote for " religious instruction in State Schools." I am a State School teacher, and for the life of me I cannot see why teachers should have extra work added to their already over-taxed curriculum. That to unthinking minds might appear selfish, but it is not so. If you make a pudding and before half the ingredients are done or cooked, add other ingredients to your pudding, then the pudding will be spoiled. It is better to make the pudding well in the first instance, then cook it well, If you do so it will be fit to eat, So teach a child well and if the soil is good you will have a benefit. The benefit is you will, by your education, foster thebrain or expand it so that it will look for a further expansion. A child's brain is like gas, if properly looked after there are not any bounds to limit its progress. We have even now to teach a little heathen mythology, as can be seen by our teaching a lesson on a " Year." Take only the days of the week, as an example, " Moon'sday," Monday; " Wodens'day," Wednesday, " Thors' day," Thursday. I mention the above to show that we teach things that happened before christainity. Also take the Pyramids, Drindicial. remains etc. Indians killing horses etc. over graves. Even Chinese at the present day making offerings over the bodies of their countrymen. I must also mention the "Fire-worshippers of Peru and Persia." The reasons of their form of worship cannot be given in a few words. - So as your time and space at this particular time is fully occupied I will leave my remarks on them to a future time.... We have to show to the children with good reasoning power (if possible) that there are not any fairies, etc., but that is lost by their mother frightening their children by saying at night when they'want to get them to bed, "Here comes the Bogey Man." The same class of parent will put into the child's hand as soon as it can be read (but not understand whatit reads) a work which it is told about a Giant, a Dwarf, a Fairy, a Ghost, good or bad as the book is written. I think instead of putting books of the above description into the hands of children one about nature correctly pourtrayed as Landseer's, paintings of animals books of flowers, trees, travels,.. etc.; would cause the child to love the subjects mentioned, educate it with facts, and not frighten it with fancies. I now come to christainity, the interpretation of which means as I have ..been taught, I" Followers of Christ in the doctrine he preached on Earth." We may have different ways of following his teachings, yet I hope all will meet him. He (Christ) lives in heaven. Warragul is at present my goal or centre of, pleasure, The road into Warragul is not from the east, west, north, south, north east, south west, etc., only separately, but from all those points. The inference is, are we to go to " Heaven" or " Warragul" by following one road only? Are we to follow the teachings of one ohristain sdet only, and believe that we are not good citizens unless we believe what is preached to us by that one christain sect. Or are we to believe that by following our own reasoning powers we are lost ? If there is only one road to Warragul, according 1 to our scripture teachers, there is only one way to Heaven. Christ taught us to be just to the opinions of all sincere men. I am sincere in my 'belief, and so are all teachers in State Schools. Are the clergymen as true? I say no I My voice is one only. But when you see the ministers of religioii mingle to gether, laugh and joke together in the same manner that State Schools teachers, teachersof private schools and unolassified teachers do, then will we, I should say I, take a lesson in Godliness. This is a young country. I am a native. I have children and sooner thausee them divided (as they would be in controversy and then warfare in matters if religion were taught if State Schools as some but not the majority want) I would sooner see them whether a boy or girl, carried in front of me to the "grave." Two of the finest countries in the world, as taught to us by history, namely, Merico and Peru have been wiped out (excuse slang) by religious fanatics until the people at the present time, instead of being as clever as the "'Aztecs" are worse than slaves, and some of their native industries lost to the world altogether. What did the hundred years' war and thirty years' war do? Kill the flower of Europe, What good did Gustavus Adolphus Tilley, etc, do for the world? They lost thousands of valuable lives. What did the religious mania that seized the people during the time of the Crusades do? Valuable lives lost for nothing. What did the Mahommnedan wars do ? Nearly crippled the then known world, What did the religious wars do in India? (One ie going on now, another likely in Africa)-Kill, in all cases, valuable lives. Look at the religious wars in Eng land, Ireland, and Scotland. Here you must pause and think England Ireland and Scotland have through their des cendants in peace, that is poetry painting, science and statesman ship, revolutionized the world (notably Shakespeare, Byron, Moore. Land seer, Burke, Fox, Pitt, Gladstone, Stephenson Bessamer Brennan, also M'Carthy, Froud. etc. In war Nelson; WVellington. Wooife, M'Mahon (in France) Colin Campbell.) Their sons are able to take their places against any rivals. The Anglo-Saxon race cannot be beaten as can be seen by its victories, single-handed in India and America against France on each occasion, By divisions they will beat themselves. I do not think'it is right to trouble a: candidate , with questions as t ihether he' will support On togee ana Catholics or Catholics and Orange. men. The 'cause of that ill-feelin. should have been settled in Irelan and the cause of enmity drowned i' the Boyne and not bottled up for here. What do we know about the rows of " Protestantism or Catholecism , We do not want to know. Let children be taught at their mother's knee as mine are. Let them pay attention to the moral lessons in state schools. Let the minister, if he is slocere in wishlini for the Godliness of his lambs, look after them as he has the privilege now, and they will not go astral Yours etc, - ;: : CERBEIlRs. P.S.-I wish my readers to ercuse any mistakes I have made as I am -rusty and writing from memory, Sm,--A statement is being rircu lated throughout the district thlit ?lr. A. .0. Groom had said, that a workiug man should not receive more than ih per day wages. On Mr. Groom's behalf I desire, through the mediuco of losr columns, to inform the public that he never made use of such a statement._ I am, etc., Yours, C. S. AFFLECK, Hon. Sec. Groom's Committee 