CHAPTER XVIII. On a. clear, frosty day, when the?roals. have a silvery sheen and the purple brown :of leafless twigs contrast wit h the deep green of the firs, Adeea meets Rupert Savage aimlessly wandering about, and she is ,hook?e. by the change in him He is not only sick y and wasted, but looks neglected, as if health and vitality and pride had left him. He is about to p*as her wi-b a listi sa nod, when her extended hand and cornial words stop him. ' I have not been well,' he tells h-r pre sently. i In one way and another I have had much trouble, and it has had ils effect. Are you remaining here long 7' 'Well, not very. You will call and see Dallas before we return to Londonl What evening can you dine with us 1' "Thiank yo+ I I am bad compi:ny even for myself,' he replies. Do not let me detain you, Mrs Ompion. I ready on'bt promise to call; I am better alone.' -* * ---e ' Dallas, can't we do anything for Rupert Savage 1' Adela asks her husband, when her errands of mercy are odvr. 'I doubt it. He has seb his heart on poetic fame, and his last volume was a dis mal failure. You can't force peple.to read Swinburne.anl-water. Aid it can't be pleasant for him to see or hear of Mrs Dun bar. He was awfully fond of her, and he has looked wretched since he fist heard of her marriage, poor beggar I By Jove, what are some women made of l I don't see what we can do, unless we can persuade Mrs Stanilands to adopb him.' SHe should leave Stretton.' ' True, O queen ! But if he won't How ever, if we are to dine at Kingacourt, isn't it time you were considering your. toilete I Between ourselves, I shall not be sorry to get hack to London, Adela We can't very well avoid the Dunba's, and I alw ys have a peculiarly uncomfortable sensation in their society Notwithstanding this sentiment, Dallas seems quilt al ease in Mrs Dunhar's beautiful roomt. The party consis's of Ladlv Scott and her dauhter and Doctor Lydiard; and Mr Dunh r is in very cood .pi its, pe, h.,p. because of the absence of Sir Din,:las. Stephanie alone is ill at ease antl oppressed by the magnificence of her .urroundings. . The drtwitg-r aom i' ligh ed by hbgh lamp, slhining t!i ough feathery f-r, s aid waviing palms. Pots of flowers ,re scatt'.red here and there, white petals gleaming w.x-like against satin hangings and draperies. Louie is much more at home than is the mistress of the house. Sh- opens the Erard and plays ' Bitter-sweet,' examines sketches on an ebony easel, and finally sinking into the most luxurious of plush chairs, with a magazine open itn her hantds. ' Who has read this month's Fantasia ? she asks. ' Positively the 1-aves are uncut l' Stephanie, surely you didn,'t know that Rupert Savage has a sweet little poem in it?! Listen I " All night I knelt at Love's grave aline, Breathing one name as pray'r; O pulseless heart that was once mine own, Still hands that caressed my hair- - O dear dead lips that are onld and dumb, Closed eyes that I loved to see "I'd give all days of my life to come To have you one hour with me I. '" All the way of my life is set With mem'ries sweet and wild Here we parted, and there we met, Yonder were reconciled- Here have we heard the waves' low chime, There gathered the daffodil. Oh, there is no time like the old, old time, Be the future what it will 1" ' A strange silence follows. Edgar's lips are compressed in a thin hard line, and Duke stares a, the coiling. Before the reading comes to an end, Dallas hasseen 8Sep!hanie's colour fadiIng; it is now quite g no. H r eyes gliston, anid he leans forward so that no one can see her. ' Not had,' he says; ' Bu he his written so much that is worse. Th re is ai very good ghost asory in that number. May T have the pie sure of iifliciing it on fou 4' And thus lie succeitafully diverts attention from Stephanie, and wins time for her to recover her-elf. 'You should choose your readings with rther mn-,re discretion,' he tells Louie later on, when they are preparinlg to sing a duet; and site opens her eves wide. SI didn't know you wore so touchy on the uhijeo? of lost love, Dalltis Do forgive me, for ihe sake of that ' old, old time.! ' I mean,' lie says with severity, ' that in this house it may be as well to avoid all mention of Rupert Savage.' * . Bewsre, sIy lord, of jealonsy," is what you mean.' 'Of rousing ,joilousy, rather.' 'In Msa Oampionl' she asks, with a most exquisite smile. This quesntion hI-s the effect of' upsetting Dalls. Hie sings out of tune and time, and looks very angry, whlile li?,i Scott' spirity risc to oven greater heboights. She is quill e enchbanted with the piano, declaring it is peru fec oin, like eve 3t ing e'se at Kina,.nour', and before long has persuaded .dg-a, o raise .is voic. in ong. -'stra,..er mg, h lorg v.,a or m aki,,g he for .ul.-tr sa of the It u ,' l)ll .. co.nim nts on his way h,m ; ' K ng- -ourt r?em' to be aim at .. -ec"nd ho ,eo for he,.' And Lcuid certainly avails hers If of her ?econd home; sh, is Iways calling for Ste phanie to ride or dive or walk, or runini in to get rid of t. di -us aft' riaoon, brn_ing the newest gossip, mu-ic or joke, the , teast shihholethi ,if S etro . ociety, w hich nas in t yet ,eatheI the D .n are. O, this .ivetiag, hat qui ea wv ek to the little ,inner party. he t ips in ,, th,. g at library, to find Mr Du ,ba itting thueI .alne, yawning over a French noel, and ,, kin- duller ha, i ,e wea-,tihe ' I ,, , ,?r. el efr o ea.:et .? ? . '*xplha ; wa aag . H1.I, an I mimat haha onel a :o ia?e irla e ,Oi . " ; ng ,bhee, o I . re , rr. coi..i, g,:,er?,: t s?a if Sr pha.i. a ... vel f my :;lntui:,i " 'Steph n ae is lyi g lows, iths tbail ad auch,' sa a Edg r ; and he rings. tu b ??ll oidding the serva, who alswe, a', tell'?d ML Dunbar th. Miss S",ot has ailed . . Louse ross a .aa,.o her long silk clo k, r-,vealing a bewitching co.mtune of, creau.., white and pale blue. Suo smiles with happy: consciousnesa of her own beauty ; toe colour rises in her fee. und .r Edgar' saten ifa: tga?ze. and her eyes spark,. ' I wish,' be say.,.' that there were aiu.osuch pe so. as Mrs Staaalauds !' ' How kind. I' should lose, my danoe: ifi thaat wish were granted.' ' Bat I should gin your presence.' .:' 'NoN 'so certainly, my di r air. Ba,. whyv don't y *u give a, ball .You hi1 ae -su?ii a deligartful room-,o enid of space, and : first rate fior.' ' And pray who would fill the space? .You know that we are pretty well beang, sabit `to Oovelry, Mi-s Scott; half my iuvita tioiis woul I be declined.'. He speaks in a tone of. angry discontent, his gaze still aesiang upon the dainty figure and animated face. ' The idea !- And you the master of Kings court I Why in the world don't you gut Stephanie to assert her own digiity i~iid youn s, and win over the enemy 7 She ashould have sufficient force of character and "will for that l' The glonm on Edgar. Dunb.ar's. face deepens. ' My estimate of-of womanl's brain-power and intelletual force is rather low,' he. aay. ?oilie wilfullv misandersatands him', ' I am sorry for those whose brliri-power: does not at least equal yours,' she exclaims, throwing up her head wi..h an angryjea k. 'I like to see you lose ycur temper,'- says Edgar, laughing heartily. ' Well m y you believe woman's in ellect weak when you have the power to nask obne' angry,' she retorts hotly;. and at this point Steph nie enters. The great room is chilly after her warm boudoir, ani twh ,t-v.r colour lingerl in her face is subdued by the taight-hu;.d ribbons on her tea-gown. Possibly she has never looked worse, whilst in 'he matter of appear ,nce Miss Scott certainly keeps herself at her beat; and the contrast istween the two is marked. ' Wlat ashame to disturb you !' cries Louie.. ' Mr Dunbar might have sent me upstairs to you. But some men have no consideration. How I wish you were coming to Mrs Stani land's dance,! So awfullyjolly I . It is, too had of you not to get round her again, Stephanie dear.' When c.arriage-wheels are head outside, Mr Dunbar as.ints Louie with her maitle a court-sy sh~ accp"- frigidly. He accom panies her to ,he hal, and detains her there a morent in the aim fielight ' Do no g . without sayiang that you forgive my unintenrtional aff-nce, Miss Scoitt.' 'You were horribly rude,' she says; ,I do-,'b 'h nk marria-e has imiproved you l'. 'Never mind that. A.e we 'te be friends again 1' [To i., CONTiNUE D. 