AN ADVENTURE OP THREE ENGLISHMEN. Two ragged, sun-scorohed white men lay In camp beside a wide river in the heart of the savage wilderness of forest and swamp whioh surrounds the lower waters of the Niger, enjoying a brief noonday reBt. It wsb fiercely hot, and the yellow river rolled sluggishly before them, flashing and shim mering in the snn glare, nntil the misty forest closed about it; while npon the farther bank a fringe of feathery oil-palms bent down their raw-green frondB towards the muddy water. Presently, Jack CrosEton shook himself out of his lair among the whitened grass, and observed gravely, “ As the nlgger3 say, this land was made for the black men, and a European has no busiDoea In it. Onoe wo elear the rubber oil that knoll I’ll get ont of Afrloa—it's a ghastly country.” The othor Englishman, Charlie Lee, who was, If possible, more rcgged and dusty than his companion, laughed silently, and answered, " Always tho samo impulsiveness, you neodn’t abuse tho country. There’s a hundred pounds' worth of rubber in the two oanoes, and a thousand pounds’ worth more ready gathered on tho knoll. I hope Jim can keep the niggers nil until we bring np moro men and oanoes from Warii.” Oroeston's faco grow thoughtful, as he replied, “ I didn't like to leave him, bnt one of us oould never have got threngh alone. He has a dozen gcod fighting men, too, and they Gan only got at him on one side. It’s sickness I’m afraid of. Strangs, isn't it, that wherever rubbar thrives white men die.” Then there wis silence for a time, and tho traders tried to shelter themBelves from tho burning sun rays beneath the tall graso tnssooks, while their naked, black followers lay basking on the river bank, soaking in the heat like salamanders. Later, a dark pateh appeared in the centre of tho stream, standing out clearly against the flashing water as it drifted nearer and nearer, and CroBSton said carelessly, “An alligator, or a rotten cottonwoed log ; tho river’s rising •at last.” Lee shaded his eyea with his hands. He had a way of notloing small things. Then he said, Bharplv, “ No, H’b a canoe with a man in it, and he has olothes on, too.” Crosston sprang to his feet, and a babel of voloes rose from the bank, while the canoe, with what seemed to be a bundle of bine rags lying in the stern, slid down the mnddy current, until it was abreast of the otmp, and then swuDg round and round in an oily eddy; and all tho time the limp figure lay motionless. “ Take the canoe, and bring that thing aBhore,” said Crosston ; and a few minutes later the craft and its nnconsclons freight grounded among the reeds. “ Uniform of French Senegalis, been dead some days; smallpox it 1b; stand clear,” said Lee, bending over the body. The negroes fled for their lives, and the whlto ' man shuddered a little, for he had once seen a whole native tribe cleaned ont by the pestilenoe. Then he added slowly, “ Must be one of the French gunboat’s men. Flam boyant, wasn't it ? She went np the river two months ago.” “Hallo, horo’B a letter on him,” and, un folding the moist paper, tho trader puzzled over the sprawling shaky writing aoroos It. ‘‘Any whltoman seoonrs me bring, or I dlo, qnlokly and alone. Lsnnoh ‘Temer alre' aground near polnto des palmiers. A mol—lo bon Dien !” read Lso; then he added, “ The rest la illegible ; what do you make of it all ?” “Very Blmple,” said Crosston. “Gun-j boat’s launch came to grief, biaok crew de serted, and one white officer left, half dead of fever, or small-pox, We must get him ont.” “ YeB, I suppose eo,” answered Leo, “though it means leaving Jim a week longer in the Bwamps, but wo oan't let the poor wretch die, worthless palm oil ruffians thengh we be. The Government men don’t monopolise all the virtues of humanity and eduoatloD.” Crosston grinned. “I was taught a few things myself at Cambridge,” he said. “ We must do our best, but confound that French Half an hour later, they drove the canoes up tho yellow stream, the white men bend ing over the paddles among the Kroo boyB, in spits of the sweltering heat; while the Senegali messenger slept beneath tho palms, with his faae turned towards the east, like the faithful Mussulman he was. Towards sunset, on the Beoond evening, they swung the dripping blades very faintly and wearily, and even the Indefatigable Kroo beys de clared they conld hold out no longer. ” Keep it up ! Half sn hour more and an extra piece of cloth all roundoff ever we get baok,” said Crosston, and the worn-out negroes groaned as they dipped the paddles, and the white men gazed eagerly over the bewB. The sun was sinking fast towards the cotton-woods, the western heavens blazed with orange and saffron, and a lurid crimson light flashed along tho oily water until it resembled a river of blood. There was not an sir stirring, and heavy wreaths of vapour ascended from the reeking swamps, like the steam ef a great oanldron, shrouding tho tall stemB of the palms which crowned each knoll nntil their tufted crests alone were visible, like islands in a sea of vapour. “ Dark in hour, frogs beginning already,” Bald CroBSton. "Those are evidently the tall palms. Where can the lannoh be ? Perhaps the niggers bavo found her out, and speared the Frenohman. Paddle stronger there, yon Kroo boys, or yon catch no gin to-night.” Presently Lee said, oalmly, “There sho is,” and pointed to a dark object, looming ont indistinctly through the gathering mht. Tho Kroo boye raised a yell, the paddles splaBhod faster and faster, whirling np a oataraot of foam, and later the two oanoes shot, grinding alongside a big steam launch, lying over, nearly on her beam endB, hard and fast on the odge of a bubbling mud bank. The white men swung themselves on board, as the Kroo boys made faBt the oanoes ; but there was neither sennd nor sign of life on the launch’s deok—nothing bnt rusty iron, tattered awnings, snn-blis torod paint, and silence, while the darkness deepened aaross river and forest. “ Hurry there,” said Crosston, “ get below, and find a lamp before this place spoils our nerves. Tho Kroe boys will bolt in a ruinuto for fear it’s haunted,” and the two men deBoended the tiny companion. “Thank goodness here’s a lamp,” said Crosston as he entered, and struck a matoh, A smoky yellow glow lilted the little oabln, falling upon the hollow face and wasted form of a European, who lay on a onshloned looker, with legions of beetles crawling over him. The traders started at the Bight. Then Crosston, kneeling down, gently raised the sufferer's head, and held a flask to his lips. “ Ah,” gasped the fevc-r-atrloken French man, “you aro kind, grace a —,” then hla eyelids olosed. “ Hold np,” said the trader, “ don't faint 1 Down with it again,” and the siok man ohoked for breath as the Beoond dose of spirit was poured down his throat. Presently he raised himself on one elbow, and with the Englishman’s strong arm abont his shoulders, stammered, “ I am sons Lieuten ant Lesoant, and the launch is of gunboat Flamboyant. She stick here three weekB, pnd the Senegali he run away or die—how you call It—smallpoxi l$eSd the boat doyrn the river f or aid, and five men stay. They die too but one, and he go in oanoe ’’—here Lee whistled Eoftly, and Croaaton broke in, “ Don’t sit gaping there—excuse me, Lieu tenant," and he broke in the head of a provision case. “ What's this — Boup. Make some qulokly,” he said, “ there’s a galley beyond the bulkhead. Look around for wine, the Frenohmen always carry that. Hallo, he’s going off, hurry with those things," and kneeling down again, he loosed the Bick man’s tunic and chafed his hands. By the time the steaming soup was brought, the lieutenant oame round, and dosing It liberally with generous wine, Crosston fed him with a spoon until he gasped, “ Je vous remeroie, yon are ver’ kind. All Englishmen are not—the Oom i pany Boyale du Niger, they refuse me drugs when Senegall all sick." Crosston sprang to his feet. “ May the oompany be condemned and all its works," he said, “ If they had their way, there’d be no one else In the oreeks ;but Joe Flint doesn’t own all the Niger yet, thank good ness for the Protectorate.” Then he abused the Chartered Company, fluently and forcibly for five minutes—and he nevor repeated an ad jeotive either. "Ah, he is droll ce monsieur, but I do not understand,” said the Frenohman, with the ghost of a smile In his eyes; and Lee answered, “Yes, he’s a unique swearer, even for Afrioa, and the Company does its best to crowd ns out.” Then he added gently, “ Soyez tranquil, monsieur, we’ll take oare of you, Sleep now,"—and laying the feeblo form gently dewn, he bathed the hot forehead with vinegar, and the lieuten ant's eyes olosed. “ Jaok," said Lee, " has it ever strnok you that virtue is its own reward ?" “ No,” was the answer. “ It’s generally the other way about. There’s no room for virtue in Afrioa." " Always dense,” said Lee. “ Here we have a launch fit te steam ten knots, two maohino guns, and coal. What’s to pre vent ns goiug right through the oreekB now, and bringing out Jim and the rubber, in the faoe of all the savagee on the Niger ?" Crosston smote his thigh, " We’ll do it," he said. “ The river’s rising fast, and we can heave hor off to morrow, but you'll have to work as you nover did in your life,” and he added, ohuokllng, “ A little rough on the Frenoh navy, Isn’t it?” Then the Bllenoe of Africa settled down. The Ktoo men were faBt aBleep in the canoes, Lee lay in deep slnmber upon the opposite locker, while Crosston, the Impul sive, in spite of the fatigue he had under gone, and the labour thee lay before him on the morrow, kept watoh by the Frenoh man’o side, moistening the blaokened lips from time to time. Before the snn roso across the palms, a trail of dingy smoke streamed aloft from the launch’s funnel, for every trader on the Niger knows how to run a launch; and, amid muoh shouting, ropes were taken ont, and made fast to the treeB on the opposite bank, The little winoh panted and ham merod under every pound of steam ; the Krooboys hauled and yelled ; the propeller whirled up the foam ; and, at last, with a sucking beneath her keel, the vessel slid ont of the mud and waB once more afloat. Lee oame up from the engine oookpit—a dis reputable, ragged object, smeared with met, coal dust, and grease; but there was triumph in his eyeB, and he turned towards Crosston, who wbb breathless with bawling at the Kreo boys, and said— “When you’ve quite UBed np your pro fanity, perhaps you’ll get these ropes aboard, and take charge while I go down and look after the Frenohman. As he did so, hiB companion took the wheel, and the launch ohumed her way up a side oreek. Three days passed, and theu they steamed up a winding river reaoh, juet as the vapours wore melting before the rising sun, A ragged shirt, flapping from the bough of a dead cottonwood, caught Crosston’a eye, and though he was half dead from want of sleep ho broke out into a wild ‘‘Hurrah.’’ Then a rattle of flint-look guns broke the stillness, and wreathes of blue vapour rose above the low-lying ml6t; and, gazing anxiously ahead, the white men saw canoe after oanoe stealing through the thinning vapour. " Get hold of the wheel. I’ve never used a maohino gun before, bat I’m going te try it now," paid Crosston ; and, running for ward, he knelt behind the ahield in the bows. As he did so, Lee said, “ Just In time, there’s Jim’s rifle, thank heaven,” and the sharp, ringing crash of’a heavy express echoed twioe aoroaa the forest. The trader swung the long, brown barrel on its pivot, then worked the lever with might and main. The bows of the launch were veiled in smoke, out of whioh came a snocession of grinding reports, and a shower of steel-tipped projec tions hurtled through the ootton woods, and strnok up spouts of slime amid the swamps ; while a swarm of oanocs shot out from beneath the overhanging bushes, and with the p»ddle3 whirling madly flew away np ( the river. “ Don’t think I hit anything, but I frigh tened them anyway,” said CroaBton, as the “ chunk obunk ” of paddles grew fainter and fainter. “Just as well, for the Protectorate might have made trouble, and I don’t knew how to work the cartridge band in case they oome back,” and with a sore&m; from her whistle the launoh went ahead. A few minutes later, her bows touohed the bank, and a haggard European walked wearily on board, and after a hand grip all round, said quietly, “ I’m glad you've oome. A lot of bushmen have been hanging ronnd for a week, and kept me on watoh night and day.- I ^thought. they wore going te rush me at last; but where did you get the launoh ?” CroBBton told the Btory, and the new comer chuokled as he listened. " You’re a wonderful man, Lee," he said. “If they planted you naked In the bush you’d turn np In three months, olad in purple and gold, and leading an army. It’s too good a joke—three palm oil ruffians annexing a part of the Frenoh navy. Give me something te eat, then we’ll get the rubber on board, and clear before onr friends oome baok.” Jack CrosBton went down to re-asanre the Frenohman, but he was raving In malaria delirium, and understood nothing of all that had happened. All that day the white men and Kroo boys worked with desperate energy, in spite of fatigue and burning heat. Calabash after calabash, and coil after aoil, of viBoons, green rubber, was stowed away, and at sunset the launoh was steaming at half-speed down the winding oreek, her deck crowded with blaek hands, while a grizzled Kroo boy held the wheel. Tho three traders lay about on the cabin floorings, utterly worn ont, though when the slok Lieutenant opened his eyes, and sat feebly np, CroBston making desperate efforts to keep awake, fed him with the food already prepared. Lifting a glass of wine to his lipa with a trembling hand, he said, feebly, “My frlent, I am better new, and the madness Is gone, grace a votre bontre ;, but what la this—this smell d’enfer * " Odour of hades," translated Jim, and he smiled, for if there is anything more nauseating than the fetid smell of raw African rubber it must be very hard to find, and CroBstonsemewhatsheeplahly proceeded to explain matters, When he grasped the situation, the slok man’s dim eyes sparkled, and he said, “ Yon are a wonderful people, you Anglais—and this man hold the creek alone ; but we Frenoh fight for la glorie—with you it is always the trade. You have been ver’ kind to me; the launoh it does not matter, bnt the kindness, yes." “ Yes, yes, that’s all right; lie down and sleep. You’re coming ronnd in style, and we’re off for the coast now,” said Crosston. Then he turned to his companions. “ The old way of waiting until the niggers bring yon bad rnbber is played ont; the new ia te look for It one’s self, We’ll beat the Accra product yet. Bat the first thing we do is to get Major Everard to eertify that tho swamp is in Protectorate domains,, or the groat Company will take It from na. And new I’m done np. Good-night, all.” Very soon tho silenoe of tho tropio night was only broken by the throbbing of the engines, and the gargling wash of the pro peller, as the lannoh Bteamed along. Great was the astonishment of the white offiolals of the Niger Proteotorate, when a week later, the launoh steamed up the Warri river, and the rnbber gatherers moored her alongside the Consulate. The British Government officer In charge heard the story, and burst into a fit of i laughter, “ Great is tho power of effrontery,” he ; said, «• but I think you’d better not use , that launoh any more. It might make ’ trouble. Yea, those swamps are in the i Protectorate, and I can give you pipers to work them.: If b as well you came to me at once, or' the great' Sparkatone would have wriggledthem into the Company e grip somehow.” The rnhber was'landed and shipped to England, where it brought excellent prices, and, with the kindness and oourtesy for which all the Niger Coast Protectorate officials—save one—are famed,! the • eiok Frenchman was reoeived and oared for at the Consulate, where the launch lay until the gunboat “Flamboyant" came down the Kwarra, and sent a crew from Foroados for her. By the time thiB happened; the three adventurers were back again in the wild bush with a stronger expedition. Whether the grateful Frenchman told all the story is doubtful, but to their intense surprise, when the three came down out of the forest, many months afterwards, they found a parcel and letter waiting them at Warri. The letter contained the thanks of the French Government for their courageous aud humane resone of a navy officer, and the parcel two gold watcheB with inscriptions upon them. “Well,” said Lee, “I never expeoted this. I wonder what they’d have given ub if we’d borrowed the big gunboat too, and filled her full of palm oil. We’ll go and look Lescant up some day at Toulon, for we’ll be rich men yet if that swamp holds out a bit.” Europeans die off very fast in West Africa, and the entire white population iB changed every three or four years, but a good story lives, and there is one that will long be told—and that is how three palm oil ruffians borrowed a veBSol of the French navy to bring down their evil-smelling rubber through the Niger oreeks. It was told the writer in a British Consulate. 