The Hospital Entertain ments. A BUr OF OVER £00 WILL BE BEALISED, MB. 0. H. HAHNELL CORDIALLY CHEERED. THOUGII it was generally believed that Mr. Olarenue H. Hannell would establish a record at this year's hospital concerts, seeing that he had set his heart upon achieving such a re sult, few persons anticipated that he would return such a handsome sum as that which he announned to the very large audience which filledthe VietoriaTheatreonSaturdayevening. Until this occasion his best effort for two nights' entertainments was ,£264 8S, exclu sive of Government aid. Now he has beaten that record by over £70, which means that the net return to the hospital will, with the endowment exceed £500. When this an nouncement was made at the close of the entertainment :on Saturday night, the vast audience applauded and cheered Mr. Hannell, who, .in his delight remarked with all truth calness, "That repays me for all I have done." Apart from its charitable aspect, the entertainment was an event of social import ance. Newcastle rarely has any Shakspearian representations except at these annual con cerrs, when Mr. Bannell brings out what has been the favourite study of his life, and shows to his fellow-citizens that he has lost none of those gifts which in years gone by gained for him the distinction of being a most accomplished Shakesperian scholar and amateur actor. His "Hamlet" on Saturday evening was, in many respects, a very worthy one. His spoke his words as one who understood them and felt their signi ficance. Needless to say then that he spoke the text with marked intelligence, and made himself heard distinctly in every part of the theatre. This was evidenced by the cordiality of the applause with which his capable and earnest, and forcible performance was greeted, the appreciation being shown quite as frequently in the gallery as in the other parts of the house. His acting in the ghost scene was very realistic; in fact, it may be stated that the delineation of the character was as nearly perfect as:it is possible for any amateur to make it. As the ghost, Mr. Harry Leston was excellent, his speech to Hamlet, being a brilliant piece of finished elocution. Mr. D. Dobie as Horatio, Mr. Edward New tug as Marcellus, and Mr. " Austin Zealand" as Bernado again played up well to the chief characters, while Mr. Harold Lookhart filled the minor part of Francisco will credit. The three firsteamed seemed much more at ease in their respective'charaotersthan on the open ing night, and on the whole the performance went off in a way that must have gratified the promoter as it certainly did the audienos After a short interval the concert 0ro. gramme was entered upon, the items being different to those given on Th' rday. Mr. W. W. IOhandler opened with the "Island of Dreams" (Adao 1, for which he hsd to respond to an encore, his lecond seleotion P- .? - (eine :,o .cng "Quecn of the Earth" Mi" ' Both songs were ably rendered. se. 0. 0. Pike highly pleased the audience with Ranzilas' "Twickenham Ferry." Next came Mr. Rivere Alipress, who gave a beau tiful rendition of Each's "Ohaconne" on the violin. As an encore the artist gave "Gigue," from sonata by Riist-another sharming morcean, which was equally as well played. Mr. Alipress had come up from Sydney specially to play for Mr. Hannell, who was therefore delighted to find his floe selections so generally appreciated. Miss Annie Maddook, who has a sweet soprano voice, sang Molloy's "Carnival" in a very taking manner, and was loudly applauded. Sullivan's "My Dearest Heart " was done fall justice to by Miss Harrio Lipman, who is a vocalist of rare merit. The lady received a hearty recall.' Mrs. Jones, of Stockton, who is always well received, sang Lady Dufferin's "Terence's Farewell to Kathleen" in characteristic style, the applause being so pronounced that she was forced to give the last verse over again. Owing to an affection of the throat Mr. Sydney Davis did not appear. Mr. George Williams, the honorary accompanist, made an efficient substitute for Mr. Edward King, who, it happened, was engaged in a concert in Sydney at which his sister was taking part. After another short interval, during which the band of the 4th Regiment played Robertson's " Heliotrope," came the great dialogue ecene from "Othello." Mr. O. H. Hannell again ably sustained the chief charqcter, and Mr. Harry Leeton made an admirable Iago. At the conclusion of the dialogue Mr. Hannell stepped in front of the eurtain amidst applans, and thanked the large audience for having by their presence assisted the cause ot the sick and suffering. He desired also to express his thanks to Mr. Harry Leston for his invaluable aid which had been tendered gratuitonely, to Miss Edith King and Mr. Allpress for coming from Sydney without cost to the hospital, and to the other ladies end gentlemen who had so ably assisted in making the entertainments-which he be lieved they had been-thorough suocesses from every point of view. Thus it was: Record reign, record performances, and record returns. (Great applause.) Twenty-two years had elapsed since these annual enter. tainments had been inaugurated. Exclusive of three entertainments in 1857, 26 enter talnments had been carried out by him inethe 22 years. The largest amount received for any two nights (without Government aid) was £264 8s. He was proud to say that that large sum had just been exceeded. (Hear, hear.) Yes, exceeded by over £70. (Ap plause.) The grose takings had boon about £335 or £336-hieson Horace had informed him that the amount would certainly not be less than £335-while the expenses would not amount to more than £31. (Renewed applause.) These figures would leave a credit balance of £300. Add to this £200 to bereceived from the Government as subsidy on the two nights' entertainments and it would he seen that the large sum of £500 had been won for the support of one of the best insti. tutions in the land, and one of which he was proud to be the president. (Applause) Those persons who had handed him what he styled "entertainment donations" (inas muoh as they took no tickets) would have their names set out on the donation list to be attashed to his financial statement which would bs handed to the treasurer of the hos pital in the course of a day or two. At this stage three cheers were called for Mr. fannell, and heartily respoeded to, the whole audience seesping to join In the senti. ment, which was made to include Mrs. Han nell. "That repays.ene," replied Mr. Han nell, "tfor all Ihav done. I want nothin more than the goodwill of the people." (Applause) Alter a pause, Mr Hansell continued:-" This, probably, will be my last hospital entertainment." (" No, No.") "Yes! the last I will manage; but I will always do my best for the Niewcastle Hos. pital. (Hear, hear ) In saying good-bye as a manager he had to thank the people for their great kindness in assisting him to make any soucesses that hemighthave achieved. In the near future it would probably be decided that a Hospital Sturday would take the place of these annual entertainments, as it seemed that there was a feeling that way. (Ones of "Go on ") He would go on doing the. best he could for the hospital, and might probably be found assisting in the Saturday movement. Thanks were accorded to Mr. Gore for the free use of the limelight and for working it; toMrs.Pearsonforfurniture; to.Messrs Pallg aid Co. for thepiano ; andtothe 4th Begimint Band which had largely contributed to the sUCcess of the entertainments. (Hear, hear.) If he had forgotten anyone, he wassorry, and he hoped they would exense him. He felt supremely happy to know that his latest efforts had been crowned with greater sue cees than he had anticipated. *" Good-bye'.L. said Mr. HannelU in conclusion "God Save°' the Queen and God bless you all." The drawing for the bicycle-an Imperial . Rover, costing £26 5sa-pressnted by Mr. and Mrs. Hannell, was then proceeded with, in the presence of the Mayor (Alderman D. Miller), Alderman J. O'Mara, Mr. Geo. Leishman, and others. All the coupons were placed in a barrel on the stage, and given a good shaking up. A little boy was then brought from the audience to draw one, and 1375 was declared to be the lucky number, and no one present had it. Yesterday Mr. Hannell informed our re presentative that his son, Esmond Hanneli, had won the bicycle, though not at the entertainment on the Saturday evening. Mr. O. H. Hanneln had an understanding with his family relatives that if any of them happened to win the machine the ticket would be torn up, and a fresh drawing conducted. As the winner was not present, this could not be done; but, in deference to the wishes of his father, Mr. Esmond Han nell, has in the most generous manner pre sented the bicycle to the hospital, and has written to the committee of that institution naming as acondition that they institute and carry out an art union, and limit she tickets (at 6d each) to 1050-the price paid by Mr. and Mrs. Hannell for the machine. This liberal gift will mean a furthe, increase to the funds of. the hospital by over £52, for donations carry with them the Government £1 for £1 subsidy 