DR. WILLIAMS PINK PILLS. Have Cured Mr. Thomas Jarvis of Locomotor Ataxia after Doctors and Hospitals have utterly Failed. Locomotor Ataxia, Long Been Considered Incurable by the Medical Profession, has at Last Been Conquered. Has a Miracle been Performed.: From the "Australian Workman." In reply to the preliminary questionsa, 'aid : " You want to, know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may b: of value to those who are stricken as I was." About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since, the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just, about as much as I could hbear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my .bones in two in every part of me. I had no boutrol over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order ?" No; I camne home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when 1 would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering, 1 from locomotor ataxy, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait and dificulty in co-ordinating volun tary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of moy legs. (Just thenl the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show th t min dical opinion is not infallible). \Vell, just as a drownin:g man will grasp at a stri.w, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisemenut desoribing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in Eng lal,., which I read in the ' Australian Workman,' by l)r. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a caso which seemed to fit tmy own. 1 determined to give the Pink Pills a trial any way, and sent for a box The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. 1 was able to .t eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It, wa the ist appetite and rest I lml for marry a day. It was in credible. I immediately hlft the bhd, and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now tVking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here? They were made for me before I got I)r. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I :hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent, better," said dMrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved hii life, and made another man of him.'' A-friend who called in at this point, said tst Jirvis 16kted tenyears younger. that dayits he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to. be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade.- I am better to-day than I havess beeni atbany time duringthe past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills, which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex -cruciating pain. But they can stay where etbhearefor I no longer need them. Every. body who knows dse has been amazed at the change in me. They canhardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." 4Sdch- is the reniarkable history; and con. ilms what.issaid in all the chief newspapers of'dthib ciuntry'6f the astounding cures wrought by Dr. Williatms' Pink Pil's for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pa'eand sallow complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous head aches, etc. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They'are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pdil forPale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeipers gene rally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine Com pany, Queen's-place, Sydney will forward on. receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s 9d. 