ACCORDING to arrangement, the Federal Convention will be duly opened to-day at Adelaide. It is probable, however, that little more will be done than to receive the credentials of the delegates and formally constitute the Convention. The Westralian dele- gates are not expected to arrive until to- morrow, and it is but right that they should have a voice in the election of President and the .appointment of com- mittees for the purpose of facilitating the business. Their presence is the more necessary since, unfortunately, there is some talk of putting forward more than one candidate for the Presi- dency, instead of observing the time honored rule of selecting the Premier of the colony in which the con- ference is held to preside over the deliberations. Objection has been taken, also, to the fact that the Convention is to be held in Adelaide, and uncalled for insinua- tions have been made in certain quar- ters of an effort on the part of the smaller colonies to combine against Victoria and New South Wales. Jour- nalism of this kind tends to foster the spirit of parochialism and to keep the colonies apart, and it is to be hoped it will not be displayed by the delegates. There seems to be every reason for this hope, too, since the colonies’ represen- tatives are giving evidence of being fully alive to the responsibilities of their position. If we were to take some of their speeches as an index to the probabilities of federa- tion being brought about as the result of their labors, we might well despair of any practical scheme being evolved at Adelaide. But it would be unfair to so judge. At the hustings, those who are now representatives, were merely candidates, and enunciated their own views fully; since the elec- tion, the responsibility of position attaches to their utterances. Mr REID, Premier of New South Wales, speaking at an official welcome by the Mayor of Melbourne, doubtless recog- nised this difference when he said, “Since the elections, I am not ashamed to confess, I have received some very valuable information, which has caused me to alter my views.” If all the delegates approach their task in the same spirit, we may regard federation as already ac- complished. When subjects come to be threshed out in debate; when points are weighed, and ob- jections studied; he is either a very stubborn or a very small-minded man whose views are not to some extent modified by the opinions of his col- leagues and opponents. What may be a very good thing from a Victorian standpoint may not seem so desirable to representatives of the other colonies; and if each is to stickle for his own ideas union becomes impossible. It is only by recognising that all of the representatives attending the Conven- tion have equal rights that federation can be achieved upon a basis that is likely to be lasting. In other words, there must be compromise, which means that delegates from each colony should be prepared to give way a little to the desires of others, just as each will expect others to yield on some points to him. Mr Reid, at the reception referred to, hinted at the possibility of the Convention having to adjourn with its work uncompleted. If this should happen, it will pro- bably be because delegates have not taken the precaution to procure expert assistance in dealing with matters that require special knowledge. The New South Wales Premier is right when he says the public expects the Convention to perform work that will stand criticism. But it is quite possible to perform such work even without adjourning before it is com- pleted. Sir George Turner sug- gested that it would not be necessary to adjourn if dele- gates would “ think as much as ever they pleased, but talk as little as possible.” Mr BARTON, of New South Wales, agreed with this view, and “saw no reason why, by Sep- tember next, a second session of the Convention could not be held to give the final touches to the bill after the revision by Parliament.” There are very evidently good reasons for hoping for practical work from the Conven- tion about to assemble. If a proper spirit guides the debates, the Queen’s “ diamond jubilee” year may see a con- stitution for a united Australia ac- cepted in the colonies and ratified by the Imperial Parliament. There was an improvement in the share market last week, chiefly owing to the attention paid to Black Horse United. Notwithstanding this, how- ever, prices steadily declined after an advance of 2s upon the opening rate. Starting at 38s, shares rose to 40s, and, with slight fluctuations, fell to 32s 6d. It would be difficult to assign a reason for the drop. The stone at the 1620 feet level continues to carry good gold, and the indications are identical with those met with in connection with the reef to the south of the shaft, from which dividends have been paid. A mundic seam—always associated with gold in this mine—is in the heart of the lode, and the management look upon the strike as a very important one. Yet, in face of these facts, the shares have steadily receded in price, and, generally speaking, the share market is a very fair index of the value of a discovery. Under these circumstances the result from the first crushing of stone taken from this lode will be looked for with interest. Eger- ton had a little sympathetic attention, and shares generally rose or fell with Black Horse. Band and Albion had more than usual business, and, towards the close of the week especially, showed a decided upward tendency. Opening at 15s the lowest point touched was 15s 3d, and they closed at 18s 3d, after touching 18s 6d. There is an all round improvement in the mine, but the most important development is in the No. 2 drive south. In the underhand stope there the stone is 3 feet thick, and shows good gold. Another make of gold-bearing quartz has been cut west of the stope, and a start has been made cross-cutting westward in the hope of meeting with a change in the lie of the country corresponding with that in the rise from the north drive. It is hoped if this is met with in the south workings it may be ac- companied by payable stone. South Star had not a heavy turn-over. Prices eased from 49s to 40s, but recovered again to 42s 6d. The cause of the fall was adverse rumors concerning the cyanide process. Plateau No. 1, New Kohinoor, and South Star Extended had each only a limited market, and all at falling rates. Central Plateau had a little better business, but prices dropped from 21s to 17s 9d. Britannia United had moderate sales-up to 10s, but closed with sellers at 9s 9d, buyers offering 9s. The fortnight’s yield was an excellent one, due mainly to an improvement in the stopes at the 940 feet level. A request has been made by the directors of the Sulieman Pasha Company for a grant of £3000 from the money set apart for the assistance of mining. Should this be obtained, it is intended to do some pioneer work that cannot otherwise be undertaken. Outside ventures have not had much attention during the week, Mary- borough, Steiglitz, and Pitfield ven- tures alike having been almost neglected. Hepburn Estate came into strong favor, especially towards the close of the week, when they advanced from 17s 6d to 21s 6d. This was pro- bably due to the fact that a second drive south has been started in a strong body of payable wash, while other parts of the mine are also opening up well. Other Smeaton district stocks were fairly steady, but without much business. There was an immense concourse of people at the Ballarat West station between 7 and 8 o’clock on Saturday night, whan the Federal Convention delegates parsed through on their way to Adelaide. The special train consisted of five bondoir carriages, and carried over 80 people, including the representatives of Vic- toria, New South Wales, and Tasmania, together with their wives and members of their families, as well as a large staff of news paper reporters, short-hand writers, and others. The barrier system was enforced, but on the platform were the Mayor of the City (Cr Bell), the Mayor of Ballarat. East (Cr McKee), the Hon. H. R. Williams (the Minister of Railways), the Minister of Justice (the Hon. H. Culhber); Messrs Ham and Moray, M’s.L.C.; Messrs Vale, Kirtou, McGregor, Murphy, Anderson, Kerr, Grose, and Lazarus, M’s.L.A.; City and Town Coun- cillors, Superintendent O’Callazhan, represen- tative citizens and visitors. Miss McDonald, licensee of the railway refreshment rooms, had made excellent provision for the entertain- ment of the delegates, the tables in the large hall being well provided and arlistically decorated. After dinner the Mayor of the City heartily welcomed the delegates to the city, and expressed a hope that their delibera- tions would be successful and of great advan- tage to Australia as a whole, and be productive of an Australian Commonwealth. He called upon the Mayor of Ballarat East to propose the health of the delegates. Cr McKee fulfilled the duty in an appropriate speech, expressing the hope that the Convention might frame such a constitu- tion as wonld be accepted by the various Parliaments and afterwards by the people as a whole. Sir George Turner, in acknowledging the compliment, said that amongst the things for which Ballarat was famous was the hospitalty with which the citizens treated visitors to the city, or those who were passing through. He heartily thanked the mayors for their good wishes, and facetiously added that he hoped they would feel inclined to entertain the delegates in a similar, way when they were returning to their homes after their labors were finished. Mr Geo. H. Reed, Premier of New South Wales, was cordially received. He joined with Sir George Turner in expressing his thanks, and said that he trusted that the Convention, by judicious compromise in matters of conflict, and by putting aside different fads, would be enabled to frame a Constitution in accord with the aspirations of the Australian people. Sir Edward Braddon, Premier of Tasmania, said that such a demon- stration gave much encouragement to the delegates. It was not for them to then glorify their work, but by serious consideration and anxious thought to frame a constitution which wonld promote national development, and lead to the further extension of Britain’s Empire. Cheers having been given for tho mayors and acknowledged, the passengers boarded the train, which left the platform amidst rounds of enthusiastic cheering. At the various places of worship of the Church England in Ballarat yesterday, the congregations were invited to sign a petition praying that religions observances should be recognised in connection with the Federal Convention. The petition pointed out inter- alia that “It seems most desirable that there should be embodied in the preamble of the Constitution an acknowledgment of God as the Supreme Ruler of the world, and also that provision be made that each daily session of the Upper and Lower House of the Federal Parliament be opened with prayer as is the practice in the Senate and Congress of the United States and in the Senate and Commons of the Dominion of Canada.” A large number of signatures wore attached to the petition at each of the churches. The annual picnic of the Victorian Railways Mutual Benefit Society was held in Ballarat on Saturday under the most favorable circum- stances. About 3500 excursionists arrived from Melbourne, 500 from Williamstown, 1500 from Bendigo, and 500 from Stawell. It (sic) previous years the society has obtained the special trains from the department at the actual cost; but this year Mr Mathieson de- cided that the department and the society should equally divide the profits, so that, not withstanding the low fares, each will benefit to the extent of about £200. Notwithstanding a request by the City Council that passengers should be allowed to leave the trains at the Western station, the specials ran right through to the showyards siding to the inconvenience of large numbers of the excursionists as well as of friends who arranged to meet them. At the luncheon, which was laid at the show grounds at 2 o’clock, the Minister of Railways, Mr Williams, as well as officials of the department, indulged in a little speech-making; but the toasting was pleasantly brief. A sports programme was afterwards carried out in the presence of a large number of spec- tators, who were also gratified by the presence of no less than three brass bands. By far the larger number of visitors, however, availed themselves of the opportunity of inspecting the holiday resorts and public institutions of the city, and the steamers which ran across the lake from the Macarthur street jetty carried many hundreds over to the Botanical Gardens. The Western station during the evening presented a very animated appear- ance. The departing trains were, however, not nearly so fully occupied as those that arrived, large numbers electing to spend a few days in the city. The special audit of the accounts of the Bal- larat Hospital in relation to the alleged defalcations of the late secretary, has been completed. The auditors, Messrs Chalk and Walker, have made a most thorough and searching examination of all the books of the institution since the prompt preparation of their preliminary report to the committee. That report has, in compliance with the wish of the committee, been carefully withheld from publication. It is, however, due to the audi- tors that one explanation of a seeming dis- crepancy in a statement of accounts should be quoted. As to this the auditors write :—“ We observed in The Star of Friday, 26th ultimo, a report that the Hospital had lost the sum of £4 15s on subscriptions from Chinese for year ended 30th June last. This is not correct, as tho whole of the sum subscribed by them, viz., £13 6s, was duly entered in the collector’s cash book and lodged to the credit of the Hos- pital. The error is a typographical one in the Hospital annual report; £5 has been set oppo- site the name of J. Po Sui instead of 5s” In a pastoral-which has been addressed by the Australian and Tasmanian bishops to the members and adherents of the Church of Eng- land the subject of church finance is dealt with at considerable length. The need of a more systematic method of giving to the cause of the church is strongly urged, but at the same time time is laid upon the fact that the giving should be from a right motive. The members of the church are urged to be dis- criminating in their gifts, and as churchmen and churchwomen to manifest their loyalty in decided preference for their own church. Regret is expressed that this preference is not always observed, but that a churchmanship exists which stints and starves its own “house- hold of faith” in order to win the cheap popu- larity of a reputation for unsectarianism. The pastoral further points out that the spirit of true giving hopes for nothing again. It does not bargain for an equivalent either in money value or amusement, but its award is the pleasure of being useful. The full text of the pastoral appears in another column. A terribly sudden death occurred in Sturt street on Saturday night, the deceased being Miss Flora Helena Jewell, aged 22 years, whose father is a miner, residing in Durham street, Ballarat East, while her mother carries on a business in Prahran. Miss Jewell had been in bad health for about five months, and was under the care of Dr Ramsay, of Prahran, who had been treating her for influenza. Thinking that a change of air might prove beneficial, the doctor advised his patient to leave Melbourne for a time. Miss Jewell accordingly paid a visit to some friends at Waterloo, near Beaufort, and on Saturday came into Ballarat to meet her mother, who had arranged to come to this city by the railway excursion. Mrs Jewell and her danghter spent the day with Mr Jowell, and in the evening went for a walk together. While passing the corner of Peel and Bridge streets Miss Jewell became unwell, being seized with a fit of coughing. She made light of the matter, and continued her walk, but on nearing Mr Towl's pharmacy in Sturt street she suddenly collapsed and fell to the pavement. Assistance was speedily at hand, and the deceased was carried into Mr Towl’s premises. Dr Scott was sent for, but before his arrival Miss Jewell was dead. The body was removed to the Morgue, and an en- quiry touching the death was held yesterday by Mr Leader, P.M. Dr Scott, who made a post-mortem examination, deposed that death was due to syncope, and a verdict to that effect was recorded. In reference to the proposed establishment of a market in the City, the City engineer has been instructed to report on the area of land available, and it has also been decided to communicate with the Bendigo City Council, requesting particulars as to the management of the local market. Notwithstanding the influx of an enormous number of visitors of various classes in Ballarat in connection with the Railway picnic on Saturday excellent order was maintained, and the police had no disagreeable duties to per- form. This fact was all the mere gratifying as in former years a class of people took ad- vantage of the cheap excursion to visit this city, and by their misconduct brought dis- credit not only upon themselves but upon others taking part in the trip. As showing the good order which prevailed only a single arrest was made in the City—a very excep- tional circumstance considering the number of people who thronged the streets and railway stations. The various trains on their return journeys were despatched well to time, the stationmaster and his staff efficiently carrying out the task imposed upon them by the extra traffic. During several years there has been serious inconvenience owing to the deficient water supply at the gardens, and there have been complaints by the authorities of the Lunatic Asylum of a like nature. The mayor will re- port at to-day’s meeting of the City Council that steps have been taken to remedy the trouble. The engineer of the Water Com- missioners has devised and will submit a plan by which it can be remedied. For financial reasons it cannot well be undertaken yet, but it is expected that all will be made comfortable next summer. It has been decided to hold a conference of the members of the Ballarat branch of the Amalgamated Mining Managers’ Association in the Geological Society’s rooms, 418 Collins street, Melbourne, on Wednesday next, for the purposes of discussing important subjects and of visiting the Mines and Machinery Exhi- bition in a body. The Minister of Mines has signified his intention to be present. The pro- gramme for the day is as follows,— 11 a.m.— Meet at the Geological Society’s rooms, 418 Collins street; 11.30 a.m., visit the office of Broken Hill Proprietary Company, Equitable Buildings, Collins street; 1 p.m., lunch at Sheehan’s New Treasury hotel, Spring street; 2.30 p.m., visit the Mining Exhibition; 7 p.m., conference at Geological Society’s rooms—(a) Mr Foster’s new amended Mines Act now before the Legislative Council; (5) lecture, “Ventilation of Mines,” by J. Sharpe, S.M.B., central secretary A. M. M. A ; (c) “Trained and Certificated Miners,” by Member F. D. John- son; (d) should our Schools of Mines be under the immediate supervision and control of the Mines Department in lieu of the Education Department. The finance committee of the City Council will recommend the council, at to-day’s meet- ing, to accept the following tenders:—Supply of ironmongery, the Ballarat Hardware Com- pany; stationery and book-binding, Messrs Berry, Anderson and Co.; constructing brick culvert Mill street east, Geo. Waller, £91 17s 11d. The resident medical officers of the Hospital were kept busy on Saturday attending to injured children. Thomas Easton, 7 years old, of Deveton street, had a splinter 1½ inches long extracted from his leg; Chas. Kine, 18 months old, of Durham Lead, was treated for an injury to the shoulder, caused by being knocked over by a cow; Arnold S. Turner, 7, of Burnbank street, fora lacerated wound near the eye, sustained through coming in contact with a spiked bar of iron; Willie Fitzpatrick, 5\. of Lydiard street north, for a dislocation and fracture of the elbow, the result of a fall from a box on to a verandah: and Wm. Glee- son, 11 months, of Green Hill, for a broken arm, caused by a horse treading on him. The only other person treated was a man, who fell on the pavement while drunk and cut his head. At the City Police Court on Saturday an old man named Richard Latey was brought up on remand on a charge of vagrancy. The de- fendant had been an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum, but owing to his misconduct was ex- pelled from the institution. Mr Atkinson, superintendent of the Asylum, said that the committed declined to receive Latey back, as during the time he was in the Asylum he was a constant source of annoyance. As it was evident that the old man was physically un- able to earn his own living the bench decided to send him to gaol for one month. Joseph Woolfe, 31 years of age, a slipper maker by occupation, was charged with vagrancy. Con- stable Rogerson stated that the accused had called on several medical gentlemen in Balla- rat and represented that he was a chemist out of employment. One of the gentlemen upon whom he called was Dr Teevan, and after his visit a silver pepper castor, valued at 15s, was missed. The defendant was suspected of the larceny, and had since confessed that he had taken the article. On the application of the police the accused was remanded until Tuesday next. Messrs Leader, P.M., Graham, Per- mewan, Coltman, and Little, J’s.P., pre- sided. What with the brightness of the night, the brilliant illumination of the shops, and the promenading of thousands of people, including many visitors, the city streets on Saturday night presented an unusually animated and attractive appearance. Shoppee’s Square was illuminated by Chinese lanterns, which Cr Shoppee had hung from the branches of the trees, and between the enclosures —first at east end and then at the west —the Model Band, under Bandmaster J. Soarff, played selections of music. The improvement in the block was generally commended, and hundreds of people surrounded it until 10 o’clock at night. About 20 seats having been kindly lent by the South street Debating Society, a number of ladies were enabled to listen to the music in comfort. It has always been a matter of surprise to visitors that more ample facilities for outdoor evening recreation have not been afforded in Ballarat, especially in summer months. Possibly Saturday night’s innovation will lead to more extensive schemes for lending adorn- ment by night as wall as by day, to the finest of Australian streets, before another summer sets in. The City Council will to-day confirm the bylaw regulating the pace at which cyclists, may travel through the streets of the City, and will deal with the following tenders: — Grubbing and removal of gum trees; flagging, and re-dressing old flagging, &c.;, Sturt street; pitching channels, Darling street; quartz metalling watertables, Lydiard street south; constructing new horse road roller; supplying bluestone spalls, Wendouree parade; supply- ing blues tone spalls, Howard street; erection of police station, Mill street. It is only when excursionists arrive in their thousands, as on Saturday on the occasion of the railway picnic, that the effect of an influx of visitors on local trade and means of transit is strikingly manifest. It is estimated that fully 6000 persons came into the city by rail on Saturday. This was probably the largest number that has arrived on any single day. It is noteworthy in this connection that picnic excursions to the city have been more than usually numerous this year. The enumeration of a few of these excursions, comprising such numbers of visitors as 600, 450, 400, 350, 300 (several times), and lesser parties would show a gross influx of fully 10,000 excursionists since the beginning of this year alone. Almost all such visitors are prompt in recognising the quite exceptional brightness and attractive- ness that are maintained at the Ballarat gardens all the year round, the ample pro- vision of means of enjoyment on and around the lake, and the pleasure to be derived from traversing the streets of the city in view of all that has been done by private and civic effort to maintain the good repute of Ballarat as the most attractive inland city of Australia. The services at Christ Church Cathedral yesterday were conducted by the Rev. A. J. A. Priest, of Creswick. A special appeal was made on behalf of the Indian Famine Relief Fund, and the surplus of the ordinary offer- tory was devoted to the fund, which bene- fited to the extent of £8 12s 6d. Mr J. G. Clarkson, late secretary of the Buninyong Lodge of Missions, and an ex-presi- dent of the Buninyong branch of Australian Natives’ Association, has accepted the ma- nagement of a large business in Cape Town, and will leave Buuinyong this evening to take his passage for South Africa by the s.s. Woolloomooloo. Mr Clarkson carries with him the good wishes of a large circle of friends. He will endeavor to increase trade in different lines of goods between South Africa and Vic- toria, and for this purpose will take superior consignments of butter from the Buninyong Butter Factory, eider from Mr S. Oxenham’s Gloucester Gardens, and different kinds of fruits. William Holdsworth, aged 21 years, a glass blower, was arrested on Saturday night by Constable Carroll on a charge of having un- lawfully assaulted James. Fisher, a miner, at the Eastern Railway Station. Constable Carroll also arrested Fisher on a charge of having behaved in an offensive manner. The accused will be brought before the Town Police Court this morning. Preaching at St. Paul’s Church yesterday the Rev. T. Tapley Short, M.A., made an ap- peal to the congregation on behalf of the Indian famine relief fund. In the course of his remarks he said that it was a matter of congratulation that 20 years had elapsed since the last real famine in India. Famines at short intervals had always been the rule in India until recent days. During the extension of the Indian railway system by the Queen’s Govern- ment and consequent improvement of the means of transit and transport had reduced to a minimum the scourge from which India had suffered from time immemorial. The granting of a Government loan of £54 to the Bunyongshire Council at 3 per cent for the purposes of vermin destruction is gazetted. The arrangements for the united Masonic choral service have been nearly completed. The orchestra and church choirs have been assiduously in practice to make the ser- vice a great success. A number of dis- tinguished Grand Lodge officers from Mel- bourne have signified their intention of being present. The Rev. Chas. Tregear, who is so popular as a preacher in Ballarat, will be the officiating clergyman. The anthem, symphony, and voluntary are new and high of class, and those attending may be sure, of a great musical treat. The object is a good one, viz., the siding of the Ballarat charities, and it is hoped the offertory on this occasion will exceed that of former years. Those of the general public who pur- pose attending may be reminded that admis- sion will be only by ticket, which may be ob- tained from any of the Worshipful Masters of the Ballarat lodges. At St. Paul’s schoolroom this evening the Rev. A. J. H. Priest, the incumbent of Cres- wick, will deliver a lecture on “Japan.” The lecture will be profusely illustrated by lime- light views, and as the rev. gentleman is very popular in the parish there should be a large attendance. The Hon. H. R. Williams. Minister of Rail- ways, visited the Lydiard street Wesleyan Sunday school yesterday afternoon, and in an address expressed his pleasure at observing so large an attendance of senior scholars. He counselled the young men and women present to become well grounded in the truths of the Bible. One of the privileges which he most enjoyed and valued was his association with young men in a Sunday school class for the past 26 years at Eaglehawk. There was a blank charge-sheet at the Town Police Court on Saturday. This evening the Rev. G. E. Rowe will deliver his lecture in the Lydiard street Wes- leyan Church, entitled “ More Cornish Stories.” On the last occasion of the relation of Cornish stories the church was crowded. The recital this evening will include —“ Maister Pascoe and his weak nerves;” “ Tom Brannd’s epitaph,” by Jack Tippett;” “Malachi and Genefar,” “Betsy Penaluna at the circus,” “Cousin Jack and the Puseyite passon;” “ Catchin’ ’em by guile,” as told by an old Cappen;” “Cornish ghost story,” &c.; The stories will be interspersed with vocal selec- tions, and the charge for admission will be 6d. The proceeds will be applied in aid of the circuit funds. The Hon. David Ham, M.L.C., will occupy the chair. The friends of Mr J. C. Manning, wine and spirit merchant, will regret to hear that he is at present indisposed and will be unable to leave his room for some days. Mr W. H. Kingsbury, inspector of factories, on Saturday, at the City Police Court pro- ceeded against Messrs McCartney Bros., coachbuilders, Mair street, for neglecting to pay the 2s 6d registration fee for their factory. A representative of the firm was present, and explained that the omission to pay the fee was due to an oversight, and that the money had since been paid. The bench imposed a fine of 5s. The anniversary of the Rubicon street Wes- leyan Church was celebrated yesterday by three special services conducted by the Revs. R. Philp, C. Tregear and H. Howard. Special anthems were rendered by the choir under the leadership of Mr Jeffree, with Mr S. Lyukesis as organist. A tea meeting will be held in the hall to-night, and subsequently the Rev, H. Howard will deliver one of his popular lec- tures. The Mayor of the City (Cr Bell) on Saturday morning entertained at the City Hall the Armadale bowlers, who were on a visit to the city to play the Central club. Mr James Munro, formerly Premier; Mr D. B. Lazarus, M. L. A. for Bendigo; Mr George Fincham, ex- M.L.A. for Ballarat West; and Mr. A. S. Bailes, ex-M. L. A. for Bendigo, were also pre- sent, and joined in thanking the mayor for his hospitable welcome. The visiting bowlers after lunch at Lester's hotel met the Central Club on its attractive green, scoring 78 points to the local club’s 117. The enviable reputation achieved by the South street Debating Society’s annual com- petitions has led to the citizens of Bendigo making an endeavor to establish literary, musical, and elocutionary competitions upon a similar scale in the sister goldfield. The Austral Literary and Debating Society has taken the initiative, and has issued an elabo- rate programme of events, many of which have already drawn a large number of entries from the leading amateurs of Ballarat and the surrounding districts. The president and sec- retary of the club (Messrs F. A. Apted and A. L. Bolton) are at present on a visit to the City with the object of scouring further entries, and have made arrangements with the Messrs Sutton Bros., Sturt street, to supply entry forms, text books, and all information on application. Some valuable prizes are to be offeredk and a number of silver shields suitable for drawingroom ornament and excel- lent as souvenirs, are now on view at the Messrs Suttons ware house. The com- petitions will commence on the 24th of May, and will be continued for about a week. The Government Gazette of Friday contains a list of names of 19 State school teachers and a postmistress who have been given permission to undertake various kinds of private employ- ment, subject to the condition that the work be performed "only during hours outside the ordinary hours fixed for the discharge of their duties in the public service." The private employments are specified, and include per- mission to 12 to teach music, one to teach gymnastics, and six to act as auditors or secre- taries to public bodies. The postmistress has been granted permission to give instructions in wood carving. Mr Coates, the secretary of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum, has prepared a scheme for the celebration of the Queen’s Jubilee in Bal- larat, and it will be submitted to a meeting to be held at the Benevolent Asylum Board- room to-night. The appointments of Friday afternoon at the weekly half-holiday in Ballarat East, and of Saturday afternoons as the weekly half- holiday for the wood and coal dealers in the city are gazetted. The anniversary of the Burnbank street Primitive Methodist Church was celebrated yesterday when special services were held. The Rev. A. Madsen preached in the morning and evening and delivered two appropriate sermons. In the afternoon the choir of the Eyre street Primitive Methodist Church ren- dered a service of song. Mr J. Kirton offi- ciated as conductor, and the connective read- ings were given by Mr Corneille. A false alarm of fire was sounded by the Ballarat East fireball shortly after 7 o'clock on Saturday morning. Miss Annie H. Bond has been appointed registrar of births and deaths at Morrisons in place of Miss A. J. McDonald resigned. Dr A. B. Webb has been appointed public vacci- nator at Steglitz. Miss Agnes T. Gibson. postmistress at Cape Clear, has also been ap- pointed a collector of imposts for the purpose of collecting fee payable on miners' rights and fixed priced Crown lands licenses issued by her. The Governor in Council has approved of the disbandment of the Clunes detachment of the Victorian Mounted Rifles. At the City Police Court this morning G. W. Goldsmith, late secretary to the Ballarat Hospital, will be called upon to answer to a charge of larceny as a clerk, and to a second count of having falsified a document belong- ing to the Institution. Mr. Pearson, instructed by Messrs Salter and Pinkerton, will appear for the prosecution, and Mr H. S. Barrett, in- structed by Mr W. T. Gill, will represent the accused. State school teachers have been appoint- as follows: —Head teachers—Fitzroy, James F. Gibson; Captain’s Gully, Mary Meehan; Corinelle, Ida M. Body; Watta Wella, Isabel Tyrie: Glen Alvie, Emma Bourne; Narrang, Agnes Bryant; Cantwell’s Creek, Joseph Davies; Bundalong South and Peechelta, Jeremiah Hayes. First female assistants — Ascot Vale, Eliza A. Raw; Oakleigh, Annie Hodgson; Korumburra, Mary Wight; Dunolly, Elizabeth Horner. Female assistants—Armi- dale, Lily P. Lyttle. 