Thomas Jarvis interviewed. Oil J hursdny atteinoon our represen tative made bis way to tIn* liumM.* home ’ of Mr Thomas .Iurvis. 45 Crown- lane, ! Ultimo. Ue was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared . him io Ik* one of the happiest men in Sydnpy. Ho was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and still hearing tlm marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that lie was an invalid on the rapid road to convales cence. la reply to the preliminary''questions, in; said : “ You want to know all about my case ? Well, 1 am glad of an op portunity to toll you. The facts may be of value to those, who were stricken as •• How long were voa suffering “ Well, twelve nionths ago L got so bad that I had to leave off work, and [ have done nothing since then. About fivo vears ago, next Christmas, I met with an. accident; I was badly scalded whife taking a hath in I’itt street, Svdnpv. Since thox accident I have been in failing health, and after four vears of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give no my billet at the Glebe island.” •• Wlrnt wore'the symptoms ?” “ Simply indescribable. The 1 rains were something ’terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw' were cutting my hones in two m every part of tne. I had no control over inv bowels or bladder, ami was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I waS incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither, cat nor sleep. On the 23rd .March last I saw o well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly, hopeless. However, lie gave tne an order to the Director of Charitable .• Institutions.”,.; . _ ................ ’Did you niake;nso oftlio nr‘def.?.,,\ “ Ifi); I'came home and went to laid, and have ..been ptefty ..well in bed ever since. Five weeks ;ago cmild not walk across the floor ; in fact-, I coujd not get'out of bed. • I lelt then that it .was all'over with me, and only, a ques tion of days when I would give. up the ghost.' My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, hy opium and 'morphia pillvto case tile agony. 1 was under lnm for -five or six weeks.- Jlo came lo the conclusion that 1 was suffer ing In mi Locomotor ataxia, or Progres sive locomotor ataxy, a uiscasc of the spinal cord, characterised, by. peculiar j -'disturbances of gait, and tiillicnliy in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He toldime that l oright last for ten years, and . that I might never get the use of my legs. '(.Lise’ the/r the patient kicked his legs-about'with energy to sirow that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, 1 grasped'at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing' the cure effected in the- case of another boiler maker in .England, which 1 read in the 4* Australian Workman,” b.v Dr Wil liams’ Dink Pills for Pujo Popple. L. read in the advertisement a ease which seemed to fit mv own. ,1 determined ..to give the Pink Pills a trial any way, and "sent for a box. The-effect was as mar vellous as it was magical. I was able to cab and sleep ns though nothing was the mutter with me. It "'as the first appe tite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately loft the bed nnd was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past tour weeks, and am now talcing the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a slick, and am gradually, hut surely, recovering my former vigor nud vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly pew, and I have never used.them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, hut I was too weak to use them, but now 1 don't want them. All l want is this slick, and 1 hope soon to do without it. You see I atu rapidly re gaining my strength.” ‘•Ho is 100 per cent better.” said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and took the baby on her knees. ‘‘The Pink j Pills have saved his life, nnd made another tnan of him-” A friend who called in at this (mint | said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fort night previously. “I can near,” continued Jarvis, “have ] a cold bath.-.and t ajl :tho ...feeling- has | come back in my legs. If I keep oil going the way I am I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and yoil know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to- day than I have been at any time during the past fire years. I ascribe- ail the' change and "benefit to these Pink Pills. Titov have saved my life. 1 am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new-man. On , the mantelpieco there is a box of opium and morphia (tills, which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. IJut they can stay where they are, for 1 no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at. the change in me. ' They can hardly believe their eves. My being'.hbi>tit 'again has caused quile a sensation about here.” Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms wli.it is .said in ad the chief newspapers of this country' of-Iho aston ishing cure wrought, by Dy Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Peonle^Tltey cure locomotor taxy, partial'- paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many"-disorders which arise from- an impoverished stale of.^tuo Idood, such as ntttumia. sallow eimiplexipit. general muscular,weakness, indigesu.m. iiiss of appetite, shortness df breath,--(tains in the batik* nervous head ache, etc. ' “v’” • 