Pars in Parliament. By Scbiblbrus. The only item of yesterday's prolitninary business worth a word was Mr. Drake's ques tion, or intended question,, fur ho was not allowed to put it, concerning Sir Thomas M'Uwraith's alleged poverty. -The Speaker decreed that the question was improper, and refused either to allow it to bo placed upon the business paper or asked in tho House. Then Mr. Drake attempted to show that there was some nnulogy( between his question and a question which last session was put by the member for Toowong in reference to the bringing back of repentant Now Australians. It would be an insult to Mr. Drako's in telligence to uririio that there was any analogy between Ins own question, anil that which had reference to one rotating to tlio bringing back to Queensland of men who lmd spurned her, slapped her face, and thou had fallen upon their knees as suppliants for return to the laud which they hud spurned. However, Mr Drake finished with u notice of motion that £250 be placed on the supple mentary estimates to enable Sir Thomas M'lhvraith to conic bock to Qtioenslund. In 1805 Parliament sanctioned the plan, section, and hook of rofcreiico of the railway from Charlovillo to CtmmiTnulla. That plan, &c.;, fixed the terminal station in . u certain spot, some where about half, or three-quarters of u mile away from. tlio town, and soma have objected to tlio fixture. . .They say the site will prove inconvenient, .and thoy point out n site which, in their opinion, would bo much better, u site light in tho heart of the town. Tho.prcsent state of the caso thon is thut there are two parties in that litfclo township, the parliamentary site party, and the town site party. . Each of these parties has presented a petition, the former for tho. retention of the parliamentary site, the other for its rejection and the adoption of the new one. The Minister for Railways moved ' that sanction be given to the proposed change, a change .which involves v soino ... outlay for increased length of lino to bo constructed, and which is approved by the commissioner. Ho laid tho proposal before the House in a moderate fashion, practically leaving tho matter in the lmnds of . tho members, not urging it as a purly matter, but making it a mutter in which every momber might excroiso his own judgment unhampered by any con siderations for party. Mr. Story, the member, for tho distriot, ; followed the. submission by a vigorous on slaught upon it. One of his curliest points of attack was a petition in favour of tho now site. That petition had been signed by about 70 persons, und Mr. Story showed that of those 17 wore either clerks or tcnuntsor some- ' thing else of ono person in the town of Cunnnmulla. Then he instituted a comparison between tho old site and the new, much to tho advantage of tho -former. Ho went through tlio roport of 'the commissioner and that of tho chief engineer ; with ninny points of both ho disureed. Once ut least ho slipped into a tolling piece of picturing which some advooato of the new sito had sent down. In order to show the positive unfitness of the old site the story ran that between' it and the town, lay a gully, a crock, a river, or some thing of the sort, and thut at the timo of u certain flood tho hon. inomher, in ordor to reach his office in town, had been compelled to wndoiu ncck-dcop water, clad in pyjamas and with his ordinary clothes in a bundle on his head — and tlio Houso laughed at tho story about Story. Hot indignation was displayed by Mr. Story in relation to oortnin communi cations, which had been received and circulated, impugning the actions of one Dr. Murray, and of the elork aud nmuagor of Mr. Story's own business. When Mr. Story had finished, Mr. Glassey pleaded that tho proposal then under con sideration should be ucceptcd, bccaiiso it was recommended by tho officials of tho Railway Department, and such officials its happened to be in the Chamber, and there were some, must havo marvelled much, as they listened to tho momber for Bunduborg speaking so heartily aud so many times over, about the honesty and integrity of tho officials. Pro bably Mr. Commissioner Gray blushed. Then enmo .up Mr. Armstrong with a vigorous plea that' tho pliuis "previously passed should bo adhered to bccttuso- they wore- recommended' 'by the oflicinls of the' Railway Department. So that so far as the officials wore concerned, one set of .otHoiuls, or, say, one officially approved scheme, must be condemned. At 5.21 tho talk ended, and tho righting and letting of tho members was carried out. Tlio result was 23 members dcolarcd against, und 19 for tbo proposed change — the proposal was thoroforo lost. Ono point has been overlooked, Mr. Glassey opened his spin by asserting that ho did not.kuow a single soul iu Cunuumullu, had no interest, there, nor so far as he know a friend thrre. Twogreutly puzzling questions arose in connection with the matter. First, whence sprang tho ardent support of the railway officials by the labour party? In 1895, they smote the Commissioner for Rail ways und tho engineer, by knocking out the Mi rani Railway, not to speak of other instances. Secondly, why did tho labour party oppose Mr. Story? Had they any political hope and aim in relation to 'the electorate of Balonno, did thoy fanoy they could by blocking Mr. Story, bettor their own. chances ? The next business was the consideration in committee of the desirableness of introducing a bill to authorise tho building by privute persons of 00 miles of railway from Murcoba to Cbillagoc, upon tho culling on of whioh ensued a piece of political farce, and, strangest ftrco of all, it was started by Mr. Drake! Stewart us the starter of tho absurdity would not have provoked tbo ghost of a smile : but ' Drake ! The contention was that the vote which had just been taken was u censure on tho Government, and tnat therefore tlio Government should unt attempt to carry on tho business ot the country. Aud all this in face of tho fact thut tlio Minister specifically laid tlio matter boforo tlio House as a matter unfettered by uuy question of party fealty, Mr. Stewart kept up the busi ness. -Then the louder' of the labour purty came on the stage, and proved himself apparently unable to rculiso that tho passing of the proposal of yesterday would havo boon a censure of the officials who in 1895 recom mended the fanner proposal, to the. same extent mid no further that the udlioronco to tho 1895 plan is to be counted a eonsuro on thn oflicinls of to- day. Thut. is how it. would appear, to the listener who cared not for one or tho other. Mr. ICidston brought, up tho rear, aud in a short Npecuh managed, us he often doos, to crowd a largo pack of un worthy insinuations. However, at 7.27 the Speaker was got out of tho ohair and the mureeba-Chiliugoe business was brought on. For two hours tho question was on huud. Tho Minister opened in favour of tho appli cation, tho Minister for Mines followed on tho sumo side. Mr. Browne opposed, and so did Mr.' Dawson. Tho momber for tbo Berserkers followed m his most snarling fashion.- Ho snarled against tho idea of building liiiUvuys by private capitalists, and was reminded .that no construction of rail-' ways by Government conldgoon oxooptby means of foroign private capital. He un- ourled his suari for a minute to confess that a labour Ministry would be capublo of as much crookedness as a Ministry of capitalists, since : tho human uuturo of both is probably quite ulike, which was a scumble and useful confession to como from tbo heart of tho party which so pharisaically prates about its being sot for tho dofonoo of political purity, oonoeruing whioh prating Shakoji- pearo may bo quoted : Fye, fyo, fyo ! pub, pah ! givo me an ounco of oivot, good apothecary ; sweeteu my imagination." The bill was introduced, una tlio House straight way felt upon supply. 