FOURTH DAY— FBIDAY. I The ministerial sessions were continued on Friday morning at 10 o'clock. The Conference proceeded to consider the second draft of stations, this task occupying the whole morning. As the stations were not complete at the time of rising it was decided that they should be taken the first thing on Saturday morning. The representative Conference resumed its sessions at 2.30. The President said that for the first time . the Railway Commissioners had made a concession, which would enable ministers and lay representatives to return to their homes for Sunday if they so desired. The Rev. J. E. Carruthers submitted the motion of whioh he had given notice, — 'That it be a direction to the Committee on Conference arrangements to provide homes for lay representatives aB far as may be found practicable. Lay representatives who may need this accomodation to intimate the same to the secretary of the Conference at least four weeks prior to the date of opening of Conference.' The resolution was formally paBBed. The Rev. R. 9. Rickard, the secretary to the committee on memorials and appeals, submitted the report of the committee. The Inverell Circuit asked to be relieved of its obligation to provide for a married minister, and a single man be appointed in biB place* The proposal waB not enter tained. The communication from the Victorian Conference in regard to the running of the intercolonial Sunday trains was next sub mitted, but the Conference did not arrive at any definite conclusion. » The Darling street (Balmain) Circuit asked that the three Balmain Cirouits be united. The committee did not recommend the proposed amalgamation. The Confer ence upheld the committee's recommenda tion. The Penrith Cirouit sent a memorial urging the appointment of a minister to travel as an evangelist, and to work in the interests of the Sunday-schools and Bands of Hope. The committee, while sympa thising with the proposal, could not see its way to recommend the appointment. The Bev. J. Tarn in a vigorous speeoh supported the proposal. The Bev. George Lane, in speaking of the cost of suoh an appointment, Baid that it would m6an the spending of .£500 in addition to travelling expenses, j and a large part of this sum must come from the funds of the Home Missions. The Bev. W. G. Taylor said that there was great sympathy throughout the colony with this proposal, but he thought that the districts could find a layman suitable for evangelistic work. The Bev. George Martin thought that the time would come when they must set apart a young man to relieve the Chairmen of Districts, so that they might be set free to visit the circuits under their charge. The Eev. C. W. Graham did not agree with Mr. Tarn's remarks. The Eev. C. J. Prescott, M.A., thought | they might raise sufficient to provide an assistant for the President, and thus set him free to visit the various circuits. . On being put to the vote, the proposal was negatived. A memorial from the Wallsend Cirouit asking for a loan and permission to sell a church was submitted. The application for a loan was not entertained. The per mission to sell was given subject to the approval of the executive committee. The following gentlemen as deputations were introduced by the Seoretary : — The Eevs. E. Crozier and Theo. Parr, M.A. (Primitive), E. W. Briscombe and Mr. W. Bartlett (U. M. F. Church), and E. Tremayne Dunstan (Congregational). The Evangelical Alliance forwarded a letter containing greetings. Tbe President expressed the delight of the Conference in seeing the deputation. They were glad to meet them in their Con ference. The. Rev. E. Crozier (Primitive), after complimenting the President on the vote he received for the office of President, said he thanked them for the welcome they gave to the Primitive Methodists. It would be unwise to touch oh Methodist Union. He would venture to give them a text, ' Let your moderation be known to all men.' Their negotiations had. helped to clear away difficulties. Whatever the result of their vote might be, let them continue to love and respeot each other. He hoped they would have a very blessed year, and be able to report progress as his own Con ference had done. They were returning to their circuits inspired by their assembly meetings. Rev. T. Parr, M.A. (Primitive), said they rejoiced together as one. He had during the past four years had great pleasure in associating with his Wesleyan brethren. In all questions they were one. He had ?heartily enjoyed - fellowship ? with them. They would rejoice that the tide had turned, and there were signs of a spiritual revival. The same conditions affected them all. The union of the Churches would be brought about, not by debate, but by the mighty working of the Holy Ghost. The Rev. E. Price (Baptist) had to repre sent two other men — the president and secretary — who were unable to be present. He did not think that the receiving of deputations should be a matter of form, for such told the world that they were all alone. There were great fundamental principles on whioh they were all agreed. It waB well that they should tell this fact. They all loved their Churrhes as they should do, but they were one in faith and love. The Rev. E. W. Brisoombe (U.M.F. Church) said he esteemed it a great privi lege to be in that position. He believed that there was a bright and glorious future for Methodists in this colony. Referring to the ex-President's address the speakier Baid' he admired its hopefulness. He believed there were good days before them. Rev. E. Tremayne Dunstan (Congre gational) had no formal speeoh ready. He was almost a Methodist himself, and he owed much to Methodist influences. He had a good deal of Methodist theology Btill. He could represent his brethren when he gave them a hearty greeting. He wished them a very prosperous year and a Methodist revival, for a Methodist revival meant a general revival. The President called upon the Rev. W. H. Beale to respond on behalf of the Con ference. Mr. Beale said it was his duty and privilege on behalf of the Conference to bid them hearty welcome as visitors, and as heartily to reoiprocate the kindly wishes whioh they, on behalf of their respective Churches had been good enough to offer. He greatly wished, for the honour of the Conference, whose voice for the moment he was, that his lips were touched to graceful, courtly, and glowing speech ; aud lie would ask them to overlook hie own infelicities of utteranoe and to interpret them to mean that the Conference heart was too full and throbbing for adequate and coherent expres sion by the Conference tongue. If he might be permitted ^o indulge one personal reference, he would like to congratulate Mr. Crozier on his elevation to the chair of the Primitive Methodist Conference. - Mr. Crozier had been his near neighbour for the past three years, and a better neighbour he never hoped to have ; and he wished him during his year of office much of blessing and prosperity. There was one matter upon which he dared not speak. There was a well-known rule in force in another place which forbade any anticipatory reference to the subject of a debate upon which notice had been given. And whatever the President might be able to do with those of the Deputation who bad disobeyed his authority in discussing Methodist Union, he could do something very real, and practical with him (Mr. Beale) if he disregarded it. Indeed, he sus pected that, though spoken to the visitors, the President's diotum was intended rather for him than for them. They accepted the visit as no mere conventional and customary politeness. The Conference was wont to deal in a very unconventional and some times brusque and plain-spoken way with its own ^members, and they were not very tolerant of ceremonies and conventional airs and affectations on tbe part af their friends. There was a good deal of ceremonious charity which, like tbe pretended blood of St. JanuariuB, melts and flows once a year and always in the presence of a crowd. They did not so regard the visit of that day but they took it as the outward and visible sign of the inward and spiritual grace of a fraternal eBteem and kindness whioh gave smooth nesa and charm to their intercourse and friendship in the neighbourly and undress relations of their ordinary life. They recognised in the visit of the Deputation the expression on the part of the other churches; of a fiict, to which be in the name of the Conference, also gladly bore testimony — that their unities lay deeper, were more numerous and more important than their diversities. The points on which they^differed were, as had * already been said, the incidental, the external, and the formal; the things on whioh they agreed were the espeatial and the real. Their interior and spiritual oneness was in no way dependent upon an external and formal oneness in modes of church organisation, polity, and worship. All the prismatic hues were blended and made one in that bow, whioh was the world's belt of beauty, and God's pledge of blessing. Each finger on the human hand had its own peculiar conformation and funotion, but all together they made the hand bo strong to grasp a friend or to fell a foe ; so their Beveral churches blended and made one became that whole Church of God whioh was the pledge and vehicle of God's mercy to men ; their several church agencies, each in its own order and sphere, the -Btrong^;hiaud by which the world was to be grasped and uplifted and evil smitten down and conquered. It vmatteredy n^tj'that their regimental colours and uniform differed. . They were '? One army of the living God, To His command we bow.' , It was their strength and boast 1 1 We are not divided — All one body we, One in hope and doctrine, One in charity. They were one in relation to the common Lord, whose headship they acknowledged, whose life they shared, whose commission they held, and in relation to that world to which |their message was directed. 'One Lord, one faith, one baptism ' they in com mon held. They were one by the touch of a common experience ; they derived their inspirations from the same source, were sharero in the same hopes, found their joys and sorrows in the same causes. He felt no inclination to indulge in pessi mistic misgivings and forebodings as to the future of the Church or of the world. There was no lack of men to tell them that the Churches were played out, and that the Christian ministry was no longer a power to make and mould character and opinion ; that there was a time when it was mighty to~depose princes, change governments, and fashion the social and political institutions of the world, but that that day was gone, and that while retaining a place in the present transitional stage of social development as necessary functionaries in connection with certain public and private ceremonials, they were destined to occupy a more interesting and distinguished place when, side by side with fossil remains of extinct types of life, they would be studied as a venerable and curious relic that had been overgrown and buried by the developments of a higher oivilization. And further, that the founda tion on whioh the Christian superstructure rested, was sinking beneath the pressure of scientific discovery, Biblical criticism, and the weight of years. Such statements argued an heroic soorn of factB or an heroic ignorance of them. There were abundant evidences that the Christian outlook was never more encouraging, the condition of the world more hopefnl, nor, in her own sphere, the influence of the church greater, her position more secure, nor her prospects brighter than to-day. That enthusiasm of humanity which was to supersede tbe spiritual and supernatural elements in Christian teaching was itself the produst of Christianity and depended for its sanc tions and power upon the presence of the spiritual forces which emanate from the life and gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. They were passing through a oritical stage of development. In their own land there were signs that they were on the eve of emerging into the larger life and relations of nationhood. As to material greatness, wealth, and: power, they had nothing to desire and nothing to fear ; but there were darkening shadows on the moral horizon, sufficient to occasion watohful and prayer ?ful Bolioitnde. A many-sided, many voiced unbelief was active in their midst, in sinuating infidelity under the guise of some modern enphemism or in coarse and ribald terms, burlesquing sacred things. There was a rationalism whioh treated all religions with contempt, and a Romanesque and sacramentarian ritualism whioh had done so much to earn for (religion that contempt. Bomanism itself, with its world-wide usurputations of supremacy was still a menace to civil and religious liberty. War was still invested with a halo of glory and sanctioned by Sacrament Benediction and Te Deum; while intemperance, gambling, and lust, like cancerous sores, were eating out the moral fibre of the community. They were in the presenoe of upheavals of thought and life, whioh demanded new adaptations, of the truth they preaohed. They stood by the old trnths, and they recognised that those truths must be stated in forms and enforced by considerations applicable to the changed and changing forms and ?' conditions of their modern life. And they had no fear of the issue God would take care of His own world and of His own Word. He presided alike over the evolutions of the material creation, the : developments and unfoldings of human history and the changing forms and phases of spiritual truth and life ; and He would make the revelations of His world, His providence, and His Book consistent and clear. Their oommon want was a higher spiritual temperature, the glow and fervour of a Christlier ministry in the pulpit, the grace and radiance of a Christlier life in the pew, alnd it was theirs to labour for the realization of those high ideals. They were thankful for that hour of pause in the conflict and strife in whioh they were engaged, when from the watch towers and hill tops of their respective Zions they could pass the word of inquiry and give the word of cheer. They rejoiced in the encouraging statements . of success and triumph which hard been made. They would part girding on afresh the armour, and strengthened and nerved for the warfare ; and, as in olden days, the mailed and vizored knight, as he tilted in the tourna ment, -held forth a shield and bore high a banner, inscribed with a device and legend, so they, too, grasped a shield and unfurled a banner escutcheoned with a cross and a crown. Mr. S. H. Gannon was asked to reply specially on behalf of the laymen. He said they gladly welcomed the deputation to the Conference, and they fully appreciated their kindly remarks. On behalf of the Con ference he wished them God-speed. 