NOTES OF THE DAY. fBY "OUTIS.") Professor Wood. In his lecture at the School of Arts on Wednesday night, said that "the value of a vote, not In exchange, but In use, was a question which men rarely asked themselves." It depends to some extent on where tbe men are at the time. In the United States, for instance, the value of a vote lu exchange is a question which men ask not only themselves, but others — the others being candidates' agents and bosses ot machine politics. There was during the last Presidential election some very spirited bidding made for votes, and tho papers Identified with each side did not fall to make it known that the men behind them were not going to be beaten for the sake of a few dollars. In Delaware something like a public auction took place, at which the agents of opposing "tickets" ran one another up to unprecedented figures. Of course, the average American democrat doesn't sell his vote In this fashion for a spot cash consideration with or without tho accompaniment of drinks. But, after all, the difference between the two ways of making use of a vote may not be so very great. It Is a fair conclusion that the first con sideration of almost everybody Is his personal wellbelng or gain. When he thinks that will be best served by any proposed change of public policy or new measure ot legislation, which may possibly be good for a majority of the people also, he selffi his vote for the consideration of helping to bring about the change wished for. If be doesn't see how bi- metaltism, or protection, or freetrade, or any other ot the things all the talk Is going on about is going to benefit him self, ot possibly others, ho takes a lump sum, if he car. get It, with the fullest confidence that. he will gain substantial satisfaction of his wants as far as It can be made to go. This tact that everybody is for himself first of all, and gene rally last of all, and In tho Interval between the two, makes It an exceedingly dangerous thing to entrust voting power only to the most Intelligent persons — if they could bo determined upon. Up to the present political period the educated and prosperous classes have had most to say in de termining government, And they have said it In the Interest of their own class. At any rate, the existence of millions who are not educated or prosperous is a pretty successful vote of censure on their management of things. One of the many matters which Mr. Stead has given prominence to was tho belief that "gasp ing" had something In It as a remedy for many physical afflictions. There was a school of re formers In England who taught the virtue of going on the housetops and blowing like por poises for hours together as a means of oxidising the blood and securing robust health. Mr. Stead, seeing that this was a novelty In Its way, and one with some distinctly absurd aspects, spoke rather encouragingly of it. and seemed en the point of definitely taking it up. He did not do this, however, but took up a number of other things which have since turned out rank duiTers. From subsequent developments It begins to ap pear that there was the germ of a great truth In the faith of the contemptuously named "gasp ers." which Science is now proceeding to make use of In the service of mankind. A couple of months ago a hospital was opened In London by the Princess Louise, the purpose of which Is the treatment of wounds and ulcers by oxygen gas. It has not yet been fully ascertained why this treatment has been so marvellously successful, but of the fact that it is so hot the slightest doubt seems to exist In medical circles. The sores or wounds disappear as If by enchantment. Som> of the suggestions offered In explanation are that the oxygen gas oxidises the toxins pro duced by mlcro-organlsnjs In the surface of the ulcer, that tho oxygen produces stimulation without Irritation — which sounds like a term of party politics. Most of the suggested explana tions, however, are couched in the protoundest medical phraseology, and cannot be compre hended by those who haven't been through the mill. The origin of the discovery, as has so often been the case with great discoveries, was the observation 'of a simple-looking fact. Dr. Stoker, the founder of this system, when In Zululand, noted that the natives, on receiving wounds, went or were carried to the highest mountain top available, where they exposed their hurts to tho strongest currents of pure air, and soon camo down again ready for more wounds. This Is the same prinelplo as the British tax payer cllmblug ou his roof and just panting. There never was tragedy written more terrible than that in Mr. Sherrard's "White Slaves of England." The publication of such a book just at tho time 'of the Diamond Jubilee eatings, drlnklngs, and handshakings reminds one of the appearance and occasion of Banquo's ghost. Perhaps It has been tbe means of somewhat en larging the charitable impulses of some of those who can afford to Indulge kindly feelings In a large way. It Is believed that the painful pass ages In Dickens touching the hard lines ct the common people, and Carlyle's terrible aasaii- ments of the prosperous who are blind and deaf to everything but prosperity, have at times re sulted in beer and whole sheep for tho unfortun ate. There is no imagination in what Mr. Sher- rard has to tell. It Is just a graphic, accurate account of facts, to be seen and verified any day, In the lives and deaths of thousands of those who work to make England great. Nothing more infernal could be recorded than the conditions under which the wool- washers and the lead- wor kers exist. In Bradford and In Newcastle large numbers of men and women go to certain and early death knowingly, at branches of work which no one can engage la and live, in order to earn enough to support sordid existence without a gleam of hope in It. The form in which death overtakes the miserable Englishwomen who work In the lead mills is unspeakably horrible In its acute torture. Many of them are married, and. In order to make eDds meet, work all day, while their husbands work all night. In such cases husband and wife only see each other In the works, as the moment one shift finishes the other must begin- This is the sort of picture of Eng lish home life which the Podsnaps of the banquet- room never refer to. Plainly there are things nearer home which demand the attention of Eng lishmen, even more urgently than blood-eurdllng outrages in the purple East. According to a private letter from Mr. Lane's Cosine colony in Paraguay, things there are nourishing. The writer goes very fully Into details, which show that the pioneers have over come much of the hardest initial work, and ure within sight of u time when they can take things easier, with a eertulnty ot having enough to eat aud to wear. They have learned a great deal from the failures and successes pf the beginning; they are extending the area ot cultivation, and are making better choice of things to grow. They ull have fairly good houses, and- are 'confident that soon everybody who so desires will have a fowl lu the pot, as a pretty regular thing. Mr. Lane, who has been In England for some time, has been flooded with applications from persons desirous of joining tbe settlement, aud Is bringing out 60 selected families. Tbe writer of the letter referred to speaks of tho life ou the settlement as Infinitely more pleasant than It Is under ordinary circumstances lu these colo nies lor wage-earners, with no friction or Ill- will worth speaking of, and no hardship savo deprivation of some accustomed things which will be procurable later on. This is good uews, especially as many excellent and perfectly sin cere peoplo went into tho Lane experiment at considerable loss to themselves, and with a hope of benefiting others, who scorned likely to fare very badly when the collapse of the original ex periment took place. Nothing should be able to break up the Cosmo settlement now but dis agreement between the members. Even such a result as that, nfter they are fairly successful, would probably lead to nothing worse than the white colonisation of Paraguay on individualistic linos. The most effusive ot all the Premiers who visited England was, contrary to Australian ex pectation, Mr. Seddon, That gentleman has said more largo and sounding things about the Inter woven destinies of tho Empire und her colonies, and tho possibility of all tho English-speaking peoples ultimately being in tho same boat, than all thb rest of tho team put together. There Is evidence lu some of his subsequently expressed views about details of colonial policy that ho didn't mean anything in particular, and 1s ready to fight the Imperial Government to a finish In the local Interest of New Zealand should occasion arise. Possibly tho reason for his Initial outburst of Imperial tervor was to set himself right with Royalty. He Is said to have greatly offended some ultra-loyalists by slnglug "The Wearing of the Green" on the trip ncross, a song to which It was believed by them the Queen has a particular aversion. At any rate, the subject has been discussed In some of tho papers, especially In Ireland, where Mr. Seddon's musical tasto has been warmly praised. If the fortune of political war over leaves him seatless in New Zealand ho will have a good chance of entering tho House of Commons as an Irish member on the strength of that one after-dinner Derform- anee. - 