A ROYAL MYSTERY. A QFEEIN'S ('lOST AT \W IN)SSOI. Aon exltiaordinari story is related to the effect thatl Lieutenant A. St. Leger Glyn, of the 3rd battalion Grenadier Guards. has seen what hie lelietves to be a ghost in Vindsor CstIle. In the course of an interviews witl a re porter the hon. !1rs. Carr-Gly.ii the mother of the lieutenant si ml thit there was truth in Ile imiaitter. MIrs. Carr-Glyn remarked:-"Jt is perfectly true that Iy son witnessed something abiioinal. 1t was, is e 1 ells me, sit ting in the library of Windsor Cisile reading a book-the 'llistory of D or-t setshire.' to be exait. As he read, he beeiaie aware of soiiehod1y pass- I iiig in the inner library. He looked up and saw a female figure. in black, with black ilace on the head, falling on to the shoulders. The figure passed aiross the libraryl' towards a corner which was out of veiw as my so>1 sat dod ihe did not take much loitee, thinkitig it was soin tcdy reild ing in the inner room. This was just upon font in the afternoon, and an aItendan. 0ooii afterwarids cine up to I bie place. My son asked who was who was at work in the tnwr root. and the attendant replied itat no one else was in the library. ly son assured the attendant that a lady hitl just before walked across the inner room. 'Then where could she le?' asked the attendant, having ascertained that nobody was in the inner room. 'She must have gone out of a door in the corner,' said my son, indicatingi a corner to which the fitlure had passed. 'But there is no door,' said the attendant. My soil said nothing about this incident, and did not think very mucb about it, I understand, until Mr. Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, the at tendantt having mentioned the matter to ifrT. Holmes. Asked byl Mr. Holmes to describe the figure he had seen, my son did so, and Mr. Holmes replied that iny son had seen the apparition of Queen Elizabeth. Mr. Holmes added that there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieutenant Glyn was the first mnan in outr tile who had seen it. The Detn of Windsor also asked my son about it, nld several members of the Royal family have interviewed him on the subject." 'Mr. -Tolmes says that this gallery bhs had the reputation 'of being hiunted by the ghost of Queen Elizabeth from i limle out of memory. its own recollection of the story dites front 27 years ago. and lie has been in the lhait of spending Hail 1owc'en in the gallery for several years in the hope 'of encountering her I ideceisei1 m1jesty. He hid heard some rumour to the effect that the I Empress Frederick had, when a child, seen an apparition in the gallery, and on her visiting Windsor next week iopes to secure some corroboration or deniaI of the rumour. The De'n of Windsor somewhat rloubts the alleged appearance of I Queen Elizabeth; lie had a stronger belief in the apparition, some years back. of Tsing Charles the First. The lIst person who is recorded to have been favour1d with a. manifestation on the part of the royal moart'r was irs. 1oyd1-Cirpenter. wife 'of the pre sent 1ishop of Ripon. w-ho was be Iween 1S2 and 15-i a catnon of Wind so.. "Pa, what's a tyrant?" "A tyrant is one ito governs you without your choice, and ; hIo makes you do what he wants without re sard to what you want.'" "Oii, I see. You and ma are tyrants, aren't you, pa?" ltiss Suburb-"Nellie Perkins is the mean est girl in our town. She's engaged to three men at once." Miss Gotaium-"Why do you care?" Miss Suburb-"Ilecause there aren't any left for the rest of its girls." Uncle Boy-"Did you enjoy your trip across the ocean last summer, Bobby?" Bobby-"You bet I did. It was just fine the time papa and mamma and nurse were sick, and the captain let tie help him run the ship." "Are you a chess player?" asked the land lord of a prospective tenant. "I much prefer to have my houses occupied by chess players." "No, I am not a chess player, and I can't account for such a singular prefer ence." "It's simple enough. Chess players move cc seldom and only after great delibera tion." . 