A WEST AUSTRALIAN RIOT. (" Coolgardie Miner," ,12th July.) Of all the damnable pests and nuisances which survive a barbarous age to plague the civilised people of the nineteenth century, commend us to the hideous and wholly irrational feud which exists between the Orange body and the Catholics. We can conceive of nothing more abominable nor deserving of the severest reprobation than the practice of annually raising the spectre of King Billy and resurrecting the memory of that almost forgotten butchery known as the Battle of the Boyne. Nearly three hundred years have passed away since this tinpot skirmish was fought, and the actual questions at issue over •which the fight took place were consigned to the limbo of oblivion centuries back. Yet every .year a horde of fanatics, tricked out like performing monkeys, make it a practice to parade the streets of a country sixteen thousand miles away from the scene of the original disturbance for no better purpose apparently than that of perpetuating the folly of their ancestors. This horrible travesty of a bygone dispute is still revived by persons whom the progress of civilisation should have taught better, and it is done, too, in the name of Christianity—in the sacred name of that Christ who denounced all warfare and bloodshed, and taught his followers to turn the other cheek to the smiter. Each side concerned in these melancholy disturbances claims to be followers of the meek and lowly Nazarene, and yet the one gang goes parading the streets armed with swords, a bilious display of colours, and other uncouth implements of war, while the others amuse themselves by attacking the first lot with bludgeons and iron bars, and tries to scatter their microscopic brains in the name of the Prince of Peace. Coolgardie has hitherto had a splendid reputation for its freedom from disorder, and the great majority of its citizens have done their best to preserve the fair fame of the city in this respect. Since the field was first discovered, it has never been so disgraced as it was yesterday, and when we reflect that the whole trouble was caused by a small minority of the' population seeking to gratify an insane desire to argue each other's beliefs out of existence by the logical process of walloping each other's hides, we are filled with disgust to think that the peace of this law-ab'ding and orderly community can have been so upset. Here in Australia, where everything possible is being done to cement in bonds of the firmest friendship all sections of the population, and to weld them into one harmonious national whole, we say that proceedings such as these are not to be tolerated from either party. We, as Australians, and not caring a twopenny objurgation as to whether King William ever lived or died, or whether there have been three hundred popes or only two and a half, decline to allow the State to be torn into fragments to gratify the spleen of a lot of religious maniacs. For nearly three hours yesterday the Sabbath calm was flagrantly destroyed by as blatant a lot of Sabbath-breakers as we have ever had the misfortune to see, and the civil power had to go about armed to the teeth to prevent these precious " Christians" from tearing each other limb from limb. The Wesleyan Church was in a state of siege for some considerable time, and scenes were enacted which were sufficient to bring a blush of shame to the cheek of John Wesley's ghost. Nothing more out of accordance with the spirit of gospel teaching can be imagined, and the spectacle of mounted constables drawing their revolvers to maintain the peace which the " Christians" liad violated was enough to cause the foundations of hell to be shaken by the devil's laughter. It is for this, we presume, that our parsons pray and preach and pound their pulpits Sunday after Sunday ; it is for this that ministers of the "gospel," with an arrogance which would do credit to a Grand Inquisition, venture to dictate to newspapers how they shall be conducted. If this is to be taken as a sample of the effects of nineteen hundred years of the preaching of the Gospel, the sooner we establish rank, undiluted Atheism as a State Faith, the better for ourselves. As far as we are concerned, we have too much real respect for religion to permit us to stand calmly by and allow its good name to be dragged in the dirt by mobs of fanatical riot-mongers. If these delightful votaries of the Saviour of Bethlehem have no respect for the Christian faith, we have, and we say it must be innoculated into them by the strong arm of the law ; for if religious persons find their religion too much for their sense of decency, we must, at all hazards, main- tain law and order, and preserve at least the outer semblance of civilisation. That these persons, who should be the first to maintain the holiness and dignity of Christianity, should thus haul it neck and crop through the mire, and make it a laughing stock to the Moslem and heathen within our gates, is unbearable, and merits the sternest censure and the most vigorous repression. After this no more of these offensive processions must be allowed ; in the name of personal security, as well as for the sake of that Faith which its professors so little understand or respect, we must put a period to these right away. If the Warden or the municipality does not possess the needful authority, Parliament should speedily endow them with it,, and if they do, then they should put it into immediate exercise. The discreditable disturbance of yesterday must not be repeated ; and the man or men who would wilfuliy introduce such a branch of discord into the midst of a peaceable community 6hould meet with the most exemplary punishment. We must, , if the like occurs again, send some of our " Christians" to learn the virtues of Christianity from the faithful sayings whicli pass current in a gaol yard. We take no sides in this matter ; we say to each party alike, "A plague on both your houses," and may Heaven make you better. 