CiiArTER XLI.-A THUEAT AMI A , lÍESl'ITK. " If dicer's any human bcin's mora inquisi- tive than wimmin them hcin's is parsons," said Krink, with drunken gravity as he closed sud barred thc door behind his clerical visitor. "All thc same he looked uncommonly soft wheo he seed thcer were no prospeck of im fermntiou. Bill Calvert's life is a very tnter estin'thing p'r'aps to hear, or to tell about, hut for my part I'd a deal sooner hear ov his death any day. If thc parson is.desirous of knoxviu' a thing or two about him he should follow the newspaper style an' ' interview' him d'rect. My word, wouldn't he reel 'cm out to him. ' Amurkay' an' the ' stars an' stripes' in cv'ry parygraph. I'm a bit'n a liar myscl1 when occasion arsks for it, but my little goes ain't in it wi' his. They're thick enuf to sole shoes with." Returning to his room bs closed thc door and offered to sit down to his lonely carouse once more, but altering his mind he took the whisky decanter in one hand and thc lamp in thc other aud set off upstairs. Tho prisoner eyed nie , keeper with some trepidation when he saw in what condition he was. " Vou're the trouhlesomest ghost as over existed. The unreasonablest, uiischiovousest dead man as ever lived. However, theer's a end to all tilings, except a wagin' wheel, an' thecr'll bc an end to you 'ere this blessed night." " What have I done now ? I'm living herc quietly enough." " That's all I've got to complain on. If you were dyin' here quietly enough I could do wi' you. However," desperately, " matters gits more au' more complicated every day, an' theer's on'y one way out'n it-that way is to-bury- you." " I'm not dead yet, Krink." "Then more shame for you. Is there a prayer book in this shop ?" "No." ' "Just my luck ! I shall her ter put you away wi'out even a berryin' service- that is, unless you remembers it yourself." "Dou'cbe silly, Krink." "Silly the devil ! I ain't silly ! You seo this whisky. Well, now, I was agoin' to let you read the berryin' service while I finished it ; uow, however, as there's no prayer book, you can nick up a few petitions while I git thro' it, an' then-your time's oome !" There was that in his tones that thoroughly scared the trembling old man in spite of the banter that marked them. And ns he sat down near thc door and applied himself to the fiery liquor, John Treason's eyes never for a moment left thc ugly face that each minuto frowned more threateningly upon him. " I'll do it with a rope, I think," muttered Krink. "If you don't kick up a row au' go strugglin' au' shoutiu' it'll be over in two twos." There was a reoklcss mischievousness about him that spoke but too clearly of the length to which his drunken fit might carry him. "Once it's done I'm safe. Theer's a back gardiug where you could lay wi'out troublin' anybody. Abner Blake could come home, an' could do what he liked wi' this place, but Mold Kriuk wouldn't care. The little lad down yonder as is always a countin' an' a spcllin' could romp up bore an' nob'dy'd mind. Tho parson could come a inquirin' about Calvert, Calvert liimscl' could creep in here, his daughter could come homo an' cither marry Abner or let it alone, but not one ov these things would lislurb me in tho least. Once I can lay your ghost I shall live happy ever ofter." " He took a long pull at the contents of tho vessel and drained it completely. Then rising to his feet and gazing round tho room, ho chook his head mournfully. " Not a bit of rope anywbecr. toot a piece as 'ud hang a dog. John Treason, you can say every prayer as y ou remember. Theer's a good stout piece o' cord below. I'll fetoh it, an' five minutes is all you've got. Understand ? 1 ain't, jokin'. A lifo like this, wi' tho re'glar fear o' somebody or other findin' you, 'ud sicken anybody. Onco an' for all I'll end it 1" lie straightened himself and walked with a great effort steadily to thc door. Trcnsou followed all his motions witli a fascinated stare, but was tao terrified to say a word in reply. Kr i uk was too far under thc influence ol the whisky to bc amenable to any entrea- ties thc unfortunate prisoner might make, and from past expcricucc he kucw that such a course would in all probability only j increase his anger and suspicion. He stumbled heavily through tho door, and locking it with all his accustomed care, wont slowly down the creaking stairs. For a long time thc old man sat in the position lie had done when Krink left, waiting for his return, momentarily expecting to hear his footfall at tho door, but thc minutes fled, and he carno not. Half au hour passed, there was still no sign, an hour, and yet he did not put in an appearance. Little by little Trcnsou regained his composure. Doubtless thc drink bo had taken had long before this time reduced him to a state of unconsciousness. " He will regret having gone so far when he gets sober again,'' he murmurod, falteringly. " And yet who knows ? My God ! To ho murdered hy a man like Krink after all ! If only Abner Mlake knew what I was suffering I am sure he would aid mc." With which empty consolation thc poor old mau crept for the last time to his humble bcd in that lonely prison garret. (To he continued.) 